Closure
Randall Wood

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2009 Randall Wood

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Table of Contents

Legal Information
Closure: The Novel
About the Author
Pestilence: An Excerpt
A Note to Readers
Legal Information
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, organizations, places, events and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
All rights reserved. Printed in the United States of America. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews.
For information contact:
Tension Bookworks
PO Box 93
Nokomis Fl, 34274
TensionBookworks


and the portrayal of the screw are registered trademarks of TensionBookworks.

Ebook design by JW Manus
Jacket and Cover design by Derek Murphy
Cataloging-in-Publication Data is on file at the Library of Congress
Wood, Randall, 1968-
Closure / Randall Wood—2nd ed.
ISBN-13: 978-1-938825-05-7
Second Edition: August 2012
10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1

Closure


clo-sure \’klo zher\
n: a closing,
a conclusion, a bringing to the end.
Epigraph


When injustice becomes law, rebellion becomes duty.
—Benjamin Franklin, 1759
—ONE—
The state of Alabama holds 29,253 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 20,000 are repeat offenders.


The shot was not a difficult one; two hundred meters through some hardwoods according to his rangefinder. He had made others at a much greater range. The wind was blowing left to right at about five mph. Everything said this was the lawyer’s last day; if he showed up.
He marveled at how perfect the spot was. He had selected it during the second week of observing his target. A wooded area of about twenty acres, it was being developed for more urban sprawl. The bulldozers were quiet this morning, but would start at nine a.m. sharp so as not to violate the local noise ordinance. The closest one was still three acres away over a low rise that served to block any view of him. He hoped his target wasn’t early this morning as he was counting on the noise to cover his shot.
He ignored the sweat running down his face and focused through the scope on a young girl in her BMW. He could clearly see the diamond earrings in her ears; no doubt a gift from daddy. Probably came with the car. She was parked at the same spot where he hoped his target would arrive; first car at the light. Although second, or even third was within his sector of fire. First car was preferred as it provided a safer angle. He didn’t wish to hurt anyone downrange of his target. You never knew when a jogger would run by; they were anywhere and everywhere.
A cell-phone suddenly blocked his view of her ear. Luckily, his intended target was right-handed. A cell phone would only have a chance to deflect his round after it had done its job.
The bulldozers rumbled to life. Sounded like at least two, plus the brush-hog they had been using yesterday. Time check: 8:55, a little early, but not enough to upset the rich suburbanites in the gated community next door. The high wall around the homes kept most of the noise out anyway. He would have to observe the intersection constantly now; he could no longer hear the approaching vehicles.
After its twenty-two second wait, the BMW with the teenager moved on, oblivious to the fact that a high-powered rifle had been aimed at her head for the last half a minute. No sign of the lawyer. That was okay. His latest time, so far, was 9:32. Another half hour was nothing compared to the days he had waited to get his shot in the past. The lawyer would be along; he never missed a day of golf. He took a drink from the water bottle he had brought and settled back. The Florida sun was rising fast and the day promised to be another scorcher. His camouflage one-piece coverall didn’t help, nor did the face net and wide-brimmed hat he had on either. Face-paint was not an option on this shoot. The sweat would only help things later.
One of Florida’s cow ants walked across the ground in front of him. The things were huge, a good inch and a half long, orange and black with one nasty bite. Actually some kind of hornet, he remembered. Made him wonder if it was indeed sweat he felt crawling down his back.
The pain in his gut hit without warning. Not enough to make him move, but enough to distract him from his sight picture. The pains were coming more often now, as if telling him to hurry. It pissed him off. He knew how much time he had; he didn’t need a constant reminder of it. Right now, it was a major distraction he didn’t need. The pain subsided as another group of cars pulled into the intersection. Back to the scope and scan; a Mercedes convertible of the right model, but no sign of his boy. He took another drink to help calm his gut. The ant was gone.
He made another mental rehearsal of his actions post shot. Its route was memorized, with two alternates if the need arose. He still wished he had set up a second vehicle, but then it would be left behind, and eventually be found. No, one car was enough, and he had plenty of money on him if he had to make a major change. It was a good plan they had come up with and he would stick to it. After all, the lawyer was only one of the names they had chosen, but the message would require more than one to be effective. Back to the scope, the envelope would explain it all.
Another group of cars stopped at the light; a Lexus, a Cadillac, and an H2 Hummer. No shortage of cash in this neighborhood. He did linger on the Hummer for a few extra seconds. A good vehicle, but he still preferred the old model to the new, slicked-up civilian version. A cop joined the group driving a brand-new Crown Victoria with all the bells and whistles; nice to have a good tax base to finance the police. He was impressed with their gear, but not with them. They had all the fancy cars and nice uniforms, but he felt they spent their money on the wrong items. The Chief thought it more important to have a fancy paint job on his car that proclaimed it a “Tactical Response Unit” than it was to properly secure his department’s communications. An item he was currently exploiting at this minute. The radio he had clamped to the small of his back looked like any other radio you might see a person wearing at the gym; but this one he had modified to allow him to listen in on the police in this particular Orlando suburb. This would have been impossible if the Chief had spent a few bucks on a scrambler. There had been no chatter since the morning shift change. He recognized the deputy; he had dubbed him “Number Two,” as his gut was the second biggest of the four. He was about forty minutes early today. Odd, but not a great concern as long as he wasn’t there when the lawyer arrived. The response time to his fake man-with-a-gun 911 call had been over four minutes; more than enough time for his planned getaway. He watched Number Two turn right as always and start his second lap around the suburb. Crazy set-up they had in Orlando, you could drive just a few miles and go through three or four different towns; all with their own police, fire and parks department (another big thing in Orlando). Efficiency suffered because of it, but that was to his advantage today. Too bad really, despite their current lack of professionalism, he liked cops.
Three more sets of cars, but still no sign of the lawyer. He might just set a new record if he didn’t show soon. The wind had stopped, and the small stake with the pink telltale ribbon on it he had placed at the intersection was also still. He was pleased no one had moved it. It looked just like other survey stakes one would see around developments, and people probably dismissed it as soon as they saw it. Since he would be shooting down a draw at such a close range, he didn’t really need the tells, but he knew his business and took every precaution to ensure it only took one shot. That included adjusting for wind if needed.
Another Mercedes convertible pulled up to the light; one of four possible cars. The lawyer only used the limo on the weekdays. Top up, but windows down. The man did not like air-conditioning. It was him. Slowing for the yellow light like a good citizen. The teenage boy in the Cadillac SUV behind him had to brake hard to stop in time. He could hear the sub-woofers from the kid’s stereo all the way from his hide, probably pissing off the lawyer. Why kids had to have them was beyond him. His neighbor had the same problem with his kid. Only his car was a small Mitsubishi that needed the money on the engine instead of the stereo. The kid made a rude gesture toward the lawyer’s rearview mirror. The lawyer ignored him and stared straight ahead, head cocked to one side to see the signal around his visor.
*    *    *
What the hell was wrong with old people? The light was barely yellow and this old fart just stops. We both could have made it! Jimmy was late meeting his girl at the mall. They weren’t going shopping, although she could do that all day. They were meeting to sneak off to the beach for some fun. Daytona was only two hours away and Hilary said she would finally try the fake ID he had gotten her a couple weeks ago. He was hoping that with a few drinks she might be up to getting that hotel room he had hinted at. It was a good plan and this old fart was holding it up! He threw him a finger and cranked up the bass on his fifteen-inch subwoofers. He knew it just pissed off anyone over thirty.
*    *    *
The lawyer smiled at the kid’s anger. He was used to people being angry with him. Kids were always in a hurry. At least this one was up before noon. The stereo got louder as the kid flipped him off. Screw him, the lawyer thought. He made five million this week on that medical case, and now he was golfing. The divorce will be final in a week, and the girlfriends were trying to outdo each other for a chance to be next. Life was good for T. Carlton Addicot, Tort lawyer.
*    *    *
The target was holding agreeably still with his head at a slight angle away from his line of sight. It allowed him to center his sight post just behind the left ear. He did a quick check with his non-dominant eye for anyone beyond his target. One half breath and hold, and then a nice slow squeeze.
*    *    *
Jimmy looked up from the CD case he had been reading. The Mercedes was pulling through the light. About time! He was about to move his feet to follow when he noticed the light was still red. The Mercedes moved across the intersection slowly and came to rest against the curb on the opposite corner. But where was the driver?
*    *    *
The kick of the rifle had been an expected surprise, just as it was supposed to be. The impact of the round had sent the target’s head violently to the right and the body had dropped below the level of the door. He knew from experience that the shot was on target. He watched the car roll slowly across the intersection and come to rest on the opposite curb. He noticed a lot of blood on the shattered windshield. How did that happen? Good thing traffic was light. He didn’t want to hurt anybody. He began crawling backward away from the draw.
*    *    *
Jimmy looked at the car, unsure of what to do. The light turned, so he pulled up alongside and took a look. Maybe the old guy had a heart attack or something? From his elevated position he was able to look down into the Mercedes and what he saw was right out of his favorite video game. The guy’s head was gone, but his face was remarkably intact and staring back at him. He stared for a good thirty seconds before a honk from behind made him fumble for his cell phone.
*    *    *
It was only about fifty meters to the clearing. As he walked, he calmly ejected the spent cartridge and the remaining two from the Remington. The weapon had performed well as usual. He palmed the hot brass in his hand until he reached the fire pit he had made. The live rounds he stuck in the ground under the fire. He then added the hat, sweat band, water bottles and the coveralls. He next picked up the gallon bottle of gasoline he had placed nearby and doused the pile with it, adding the bottle when it was empty.
*    *    *
Jimmy talked so fast his father couldn’t understand him. He finally ran out of breath long enough for his father to break in and tell him to calm down. Jim Jr. was somewhat of a disappointment to his father; a typical know-it-all kid. But he had never heard him scared like this. All he could comprehend was that someone was dead, and Jimmy was scared. He swiveled around to his computer and called up OnStar on the screen. Something Jimmy didn’t know was Jim Sr. knew where his car was at all times; only a mile away. He was probably sneaking off to the beach again. He didn’t know who the girl was yet, but he suspected it was the Johnson girl. He really hoped not; her father was a prick. He grabbed his keys and ran for his car, still trying to calm down his son.
*    *    *
He hated to do it, but he put the barrel in the crack of the rock and applied all his weight to the stock. The barrel bent just far enough to make it unusable. He had already removed the serial numbers weeks ago, so he now added it to the fire. He took one last look to ensure that the envelope was in its place before pulling the matches from his pocket. The latex gloves followed the match.
*    *    *
Jim Sr. pulled to a stop in front of his son’s SUV. The boy was sitting on the ground with an elderly Hispanic woman talking to him. First he reached in and turned off the ignition to put a stop to Eminem. He then examined his son. He was as white as his Florida tan would allow and just playing with the laces on his shoes. The woman was going on in high speed Spanish and pointing at the other car. He took a look and recognized Addicot; the man lived in the same gated community as he did. He reached for his cell phone and stared at his son.
*    *    *
Now clothed in dark blue running shoes, gray shorts and a black T-shirt, he looked like any other runner out for his daily miles. He paused when he approached the sidewalk, looking for traffic, both motor and pedestrian. Seeing none, he donned his sunglasses and adjusted his radio. Already soaked in sweat, he looked the part as soon as he stepped into the street and took up a medium pace toward his car. It was an easy three miles to the local strip-mall. Escape and evade.
*    *    *
The ambulance crew parked at the strip-mall had just finished breakfast, and were settling into their normal routine of a book and a newspaper when they got the call from dispatch: P.I. (Personal Injury) accident. They recognized the intersection as they knew the area well. Low speed area, probably just a fender bender. But this was America, land of the lawsuit, so dispatch sent them priority-one; lights and sirens, lest the injured be a lawyer and sue the city for not responding fast enough. Never mind the risk to them and the public as they raced in. The veteran driver thought all this, but kept it to himself. His new partner still liked to drive fast. They were a mile away when they heard dispatch add the fire department to the call. Maybe he better step it up a little?
*    *    *
One mile away and the kinks in his legs were just coming out. He had just turned from looking at the smoke over his shoulder when he saw the ambulance coming. He checked the urge to wave to them as he usually did; force of habit. The crew was an older guy and a young girl. He hoped it wasn’t her first gunshot, but in her chosen career she was going to see it sooner or later. They would have a good response time, but it wouldn’t help any; just a lot of waiting followed by a lot of paperwork. Sorry guys. He liked medics more than he liked cops.
*    *    *
Jim Sr. told his story to the deputy as Jim Jr. just sat in his father’s car and stared up at the smoke coming out of the trees. The deputy hoped the Chief got here soon as he was unsure of what to do with this mess. He had used his cell phone or the press would be all over this in minutes. The Chief also spoke Spanish and the deputy couldn’t understand anything this Hispanic woman said. While the boy wasn’t talking, the woman wouldn’t shut up. Looked like a car-jacking gone wrong. He left the three together and started to tape off the area. People were already starting to gather. On top of that, the damn woods were burning. He had just driven through here not twenty minutes ago. What the hell happened?
*    *    *
With one mile to go he heard the fire truck. Damn quick of them. He hoped the fire had done its job before they got to it.
*    *    *
When they got on scene the paramedics automatically split up. The veteran didn’t even bother to check for a pulse. He knew a crime scene when he saw one and turned to bring a sheet from the truck. His partner couldn’t get the kid to speak. So she did what she always did and took his vital signs and checked for injuries. Psychosomatic shock. Not much she could do for him. Just what did he see?
*    *    *
He had left the car parked outside of a gym. He climbed in and headed for his hotel in Altomonte Springs. His bags were packed and the ticket was in the visor of the car. A quick shower and he was on his way down Interstate 4 to Tampa. Four hours till his flight left.
*    *    *
The crew made quick work of the fire. Someone had taken the time to clear an area for a rather large one. A curious thing was the rifle in the fire. Even stranger was the big envelope with FBI and some guy’s name written on it tacked to the tree. The Lieutenant left it where it was and sent a crewman to get the Chief.
*    *    *
What the hell was going on? Sanchez was not pleased. Two years ago he had landed the cake job of Chief in this rich suburb and he planned to stay forever. Nothing like this had ever happened in this part of Orlando, especially on a Saturday. He took his own picture of the envelope on the tree before putting on gloves and opening it. He found several newspaper articles and a typed letter addressed to the FBI. He sighed and pulled out his cell phone.
*    *    *
As he drove past Disney World he had the urge to pull out his own cell phone and call Paul. He felt good. They were started. The first job had gone off without a hitch. Then he remembered Timothy McVeigh. He put the cell phone away and slowed to the legal limit. Paul would know soon enough, and he still had a plane to catch.
*    *    *
Sanchez marveled at the activity a cell phone could produce. On scene he had the coroner’s office, the county and state police, two or three TV crews, the FBI, and all of his own officers. When he was hired, he had been smart enough to get to know his neighbors in the business, and they had a mutual support agreement for just such a case as this. It was going to be a long day.
*    *    *
He settled into a chair at the airport bar and ordered a large soft drink. His stomach couldn’t tolerate alcohol anymore. He could see his gate from his stool, but more important, he could see the TV mounted to the wall over the bar. The story was just being told for the second time but he couldn’t hear it. The bartender saw him watching.
“Some big-shot lawyer up in Orlando just got his head blown off. Can’t imagine who would want to do that!” The crowd at the bar laughed with her.
They called his flight. He drained his drink, smiled at the bartender and left.
—TWO—
The state of Alaska holds 4,527 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 3,000 are repeat offenders.


Special Agent Jack Randall already felt the headache coming on. The call from his office had arrived about the same time as the story had aired on CNN. As he packed, his fax machine began cranking out page after page from the Hoover building. He looked at the first page as he brushed his teeth.
T. Carlton Addicot, huh? Not his favorite guy. Everyone he knew at the bureau had heard of him. Jack recalled what he had read on the man; a big money tort lawyer. Sued big companies for anything he could think of, claiming to do so on behalf of the victims. Never mind that he raked in more than all the victims combined. Word was he had a partner in every state and flew around in his own Gulfstream jet, litigating. His specialty was medical companies. Last year he’d made sixty-two million on a case involving a male impotency drug that supposedly gave its users heart attacks, often while in the act it was deemed for. No real evidence was available to prove the drug did cause the attacks, but the company chose to settle and pay off the users and their lawyers in the face of greater losses. The drug was quickly pulled from the shelves. The FBI had looked at T. Addicot three times for some shaky tax shelters and possible jury tampering. The man was guilty as hell, but they had been unable to pin anything on him. He also had friends within the bar that defended high profile criminals and had often funded the case when the client’s assets were seized. All for a hefty fee of course.
The phone rang. Spit. Wipe. He snatched it on the second ring. “Randall,” he spat into the receiver.
“Jack, it’s Deacon; you get the faxes I sent?”
“Yes sir, still spitting them out.”
Deputy Director Mark Deacon was Jack’s current boss although they had worked together for a year and a half on the Russian Mafia killings in New York and had become good friends, Jack would always call him sir. He had too much respect for the man.
“Sorry to ruin your weekend, but this one came addressed to us. Seems our shooter left a note with your name on it. I told you fame had its drawbacks.” He was right. The press had a field day following Jack during the trials. They had plastered his name and face on every rag on the east coast. His mother sent him every newspaper clipping she came across. All it did was make him useless for undercover work.
“The letter is just coming through now, sir, what’s the game plan?” His wife had just entered the doorway and was listening with her disappointed look. It worked better on him than it did on the kids she taught.
“I want you, Larry, and Dave to fly down and take charge. I’m sending Sydney and her team with you. The press is running a story on it being a car-jacking gone wrong. That sounds fine for now, just don’t make any statements unless the truth gets out. Tell the locals the rules; keep this in the dark. Mel in Orlando isn’t too impressed with the local boys, but he says their Chief knows the game. Read up on this victim on the plane and be ready to dig when you get there. From the letter we have to assume this shooter has an agenda. I want to know how good he is and where you think he may go next. Take all the time you need and be thorough. Just give me reports when you have something new. There’s a plane waiting for you at Andrews. Get a line on this quick, Jack, and apologize to Debra for me.”
“Yes sir,” Jack replied. He was still getting the look from his wife as he pushed the button to end the call. He now regretted using the speaker phone, as it allowed him to pack and talk at the same time. Debra had heard it all and was not pleased.
“Jack, you’ve only been home a week and now you’re leaving again? We have guests you know. Can’t the damn FBI do without you for two weeks?”
He hated that tone, but he knew she had every right to complain. He had promised her some time together after the trials, and here he was, running off not yet halfway into their vacation.
“Honey, I’m sorry, but the Director calls and I go where he sends me. That’s the job. I have a team waiting for me at the airport. You’ll have to apologize to Mark and Kathy for me.” Jack knew this would only be the beginning.
“Does this team include Sydney?” Debra asked.
Jack winced. Having your ex-girlfriend as a colleague was not one of Debra’s favorite things about his job. It had caused some friction in the last year.
“Yes, it does, the Director is sending her and her team along with me. You know I have no control over that. It’s just work,” Jack confirmed. No use lying, she knew the answer before she had asked the question.
“Fine, I’ll just go downstairs and tell our friends that you’re running off to Florida with your girlfriend to chase bad guys again, and won’t be able to join us tonight.” She left before he could reply.
Damn it, why couldn’t she understand? Jack thought. I’ve worked hard to get where I am, and I’ve had to do it faster than most due to my delayed start. I’m finally to the point that I’m happy with my job, and now she’s unhappy. It was always something. Sooner or later it will come to a serious talk, but right now I have to get going. Mark and Kathy were her friends anyway. Where the hell were his keys?
*    *    *
Sydney Lewis was in her Drill Sergeant mode; barking orders from a list in her head. Her people were jumping accordingly, but after seeing a couple of strange looks from them, she forced herself to stop. Her people knew their jobs, they didn’t need that. It was her first call from the Deputy Director himself, and her crew could tell it had spooked her a little. Sydney just needed to calm down and trust them to do their jobs. This was just another shooting, not like they hadn’t seen them before, especially their boss.
If there was one thing Sydney had seen in her career it was gunshot wounds. After six years as a paramedic, and three more with the FBI as a crime scene investigator, she had become an authority on the subject. She had even studied at the University of Tennessee’s three-acre cadaver farm. People who had donated their bodies to science all thought they’d be heading for medical school anatomy labs when they died. They didn’t know that they might end up on the farm with a few post-mortem gunshot wounds, only to be tossed in the woods and observed while they rot. But the university had been pivotal in the development of forensics. She had not only excelled, but had written several papers on the different ways bullets affected the body, and developed new ways to determine time of death in relation to them. All but one of them had been published. This had caught the eye of the head of the FBI lab. A job had been offered upon graduation, and she had made her first marks working the Russian Mafia cases last year. She was considered a rising star by her peers, and given her own crime scene investigation team.
“Is Jack heading this case, Sydney?” one of her crew asked.
“Yes, Larry and Dave are coming, too. Why?”
“Just wondering.” The crewman smiled at her. It was no secret that she and Jack had a past, a point that her crew liked to bring up. They had been an item in college, but went their separate ways upon graduation. Both of them were more serious about their late career changes than about each other.
“You people done packing yet?” Sydney gave them her mock serious look.
“Yes, ma’am!” They all grinned.
She grinned, too, and shook her head as she returned to her equipment. She needed new batteries for her flashlight again, and another box of gloves. Her team wore large gloves, but she had small hands.
Jack had lasted longer in the business world than she thought he would. He was just not the kind to sit at a desk and crunch numbers. She had seen that right away. But his family had been making money in investments for three generations now, and Jack was destined to take over. That his father had tolerated his stint in the army without disowning him was a miracle. He must have seen the trait in his son, and hoped the army would either work it out of him, or change his mind. His father’s subsequent stroke had ended Jack’s army days prematurely, and Jack found himself both in school and in charge of the firm. The fact that he minored in criminology should have been a hint to his real goal. But Jack toed the line and married the daughter of a board member. That kept his family happy until his father’s death. Jack then announced his resignation from the chair, and intentions to join the FBI. Family friends had pulled some political strings and he had gotten a shot. From there he made it on his own. Cracking open the Russian Mafia on his second assignment was a stroke of luck, and his actions on the case and subsequent trial marked him as a future star. He was eventually assigned to Mark Deacon’s office.
Sydney caught herself smiling. Not bad for a guy she had met at a pistol range.
*    *    *
Jack pulled the Corvette into one of the bureau slots at the airport. He had been thinking of Sydney on the drive in. He hadn’t seen her for a few weeks. Catching sight of her now, unloading a van in the hangar, brought a smile to his face. It occurred to him that she looked the same as she had in college. Tonight she had on her typical khaki pants and blue bureau shirt, badge and gun on her belt. Her long black hair was pulled back into her at-work ponytail. Jack knew somewhere in her immediate area was a clipboard with several lists. She was a notorious list maker. She remarked once that she didn’t like making lists; she liked crossing things off them. It gave her a sense of detail that was hard to match and had served her well, too. When he met her, she’d had a loaded gun in her hand. Most people who are bad shots are often referred to as “Couldn’t hit the broad side of a barn.” Well Syd, as he liked to call her, couldn’t hit the barn if she were shooting from the inside. With the doors closed. With a shotgun. He remembered taking her under his wing to get her past her qualifying shoot at the end of class. Now she was, well, a fair shot, he allowed. Some people just never really developed the skill. The one year romance that resulted was just icing on the cake. They’d just had different futures at the time.
He had to admit, she had come a long way. Born on the lower end of middle class, her father was a factory worker and her mother a part-time waitress. She had decent grades until they divorced in her first year of high school. Her grades suffered as her father was often laid off, and she was forced to work. Just after graduation she was involved in a car accident, but thanks to a sharp paramedic, was able to walk out of the hospital. When she stopped by the station to thank the crew, she was intrigued by the job. Soon she was waitressing by day and attending the paramedic academy by night. One year later she was on the streets. She had a talent for it, but after a few years found herself hanging out with the medical examiners at the crime scenes. Through them, she discovered that the dead can be just as interesting as the living. Her Medical Control Doctor sponsored her in an accelerated program that lead to her degree. She impressed the right people, and wound up at the FBI, where a big case led to her and Jack working together. They made an even stranger team than they did a couple, him, the rich boy who did the job because he hated his former life, and her, the smart, pretty, and poor girl who liked dead people.
He grabbed his bag out of the trunk and walked toward the hangar. This was going to be interesting.
*    *    *
The flight was uneventful. Sam was still getting used to first class. The large seats allowed him to recline almost flat, and that helped take the pressure off his abdomen. His carry-on bag held his laptop, a few toiletries, some clothes, and of course, his medications. His false papers had worked just fine, and with every use he was beginning to think that the price he had paid was fair. He had a total of eight identities. Three used and five remaining, all expertly done by a gentleman in Toronto who charged $2,500 per set. Each set came complete with a driver’s license, credit cards in both Visa and MasterCard, and U.S. and Canadian passports. They also came with such things as video store cards, gas cards, phone cards, even a couple library cards. The forger also had a lady friend who was skilled in makeup and hair. Sam smiled as he thought of the wigs they had tried. Quite an operation the couple had, one-stop shopping with no questions asked.
The half-hour layover was short and unavoidable. He watched a harried mother try to control her two toddlers as she waited for their father. She frowned at her checkbook in between calling the kids back into their seats. The bulky winter boots the kids wore made them clumsy as they repeatedly wandered away from mom. One met his gaze and, after a short staring match, Sam smiled at the boy. He smiled back before running back to his mother.
The twenty minute flight home on the commuter plane was likewise uneventful. No first class on this one. Sam slept till the wheels hit the ground. Short naps were a skill he had picked up in the army, especially on planes. Paul just nodded at the gate and led him out to the car. Once they were in and heading toward I-94, he turned and gave his brother-in-law a slight punch on the shoulder.
“Any problems?” Paul asked.
“Not a one, went off just like I planned it. EMS was quicker than I thought, but good for them. I saw one ambulance and one fire unit on the jog out, but the cops must have come in from the north,” Sam replied.
“The envelope?”
“Left it nailed to a tree upwind from the fire. I’m sure they have it,” Sam said. The envelope was clean, as was the letter and printed articles in it. Sam had bought the envelope at a Wal-Mart and had pulled the one he’d used from the middle of the box using gloves. The articles had been printed on a library computer and also handled accordingly. The highlights and circles, as well as the addressed name, had been done with markers from the same Wal-Mart. The lettering was in second-grade block letters. No, the envelope was clean.
“The press is saying it was a car-jacking gone bad, how about that?” Paul said.
Sam thought about that for a minute. That smelled like the FBI, trying to keep this low-key as long as they could. The word would get out soon. The wife or the lawyer’s buddies would start making noise, or more likely a reporter would bribe somebody for information. Keeping it quiet was wishful at best. He voiced this to Paul, and they rode in silence for a few miles. He waited for the next question he always got.
“How’s the pain?”
“It’s there, but tolerable. The drugs the doc gave me are working as advertised. I guess that’s about all I can expect.” Sam didn’t want to go there right now. “So what’s next? Did you find that stuff I need?”
“Yeah, I made a run to Chicago last week and picked up almost all of it. Used up an ID, but it was worth it,” Paul replied.
“Good.”
Paul looked at Sam. Sam was always full of energy, but right now he looked tired. He’d let him sleep before he asked about the lawyer. Maybe he’d wait till morning? He took the exit ramp to US-131 north. Ten minutes to home.
—THREE—
The state of Arizona holds 31,170 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 20,883 are repeat offenders.


“Larry, you draw the kid. The report says he’s traumatized, but see what you can do. You’ll probably have to spend a good deal of time talking to the parents first. Be careful, dad’s a lawyer, a tax lawyer, but a lawyer just the same. If you hit a wall back off, we can come back later. Then hook up with this Chief Sanchez’s boys and canvas the homes in the area. Find out who they hire to do the yards and pools and whatever. Get a list. After that, get a hold of this construction company and talk to everyone working that site for the past two weeks. Mel might have some of this started already, so check with him first. Got all that?”
The plane had just left the tarmac, and Jack was game planning their arrival before he got into the faxes he had to read. Larry had a degree in psychology from the University of Michigan, so he always got the fun interviews. He watched Larry scribbling furiously in his own private short-hand.
“Not a problem, Jack, but I might need some help, my Spanish is worse than yours and I’m sure most of the help down there speaks it.”
“Point taken. I’ll bet Mel has somebody you can bring along.” Jack was planning to call Mel Dexter, Special Agent in Charge of the Orlando office, when this meeting was over. He didn’t know Mel, but he had a good reputation for combating the drug flow through central Florida.
“Dave, I need you to talk to the wife, secretary, girlfriends, golfing buddies and anyone else you can think of. Get records of his most recent cases and find out if he received any threats. This guy probably got a lot of them. Try his business partners. I doubt you’ll get a lot of help, but try anyway. See if he was involved with some of his less clean clients on a business level. Pick through his life, I want to know everything he did for the past two weeks.”
Dave just nodded his head and moved to the other end of the plane to talk with his partner. Dave was not one to comment a great deal. His head however, was a vault. When Dave was done he would know all he needed to know about the late T. Carlton Addicot.
Jack looked down at notes he had made on the ride in. What’s next? He looked up to see Sydney looking back at him from across the plane. “Syd, I need you to split your team; work the car, the body, and the scene. I’m sure Mel had the car moved by now, so hook up with his guys and talk to the medical examiner. Work fast, but don’t miss anything, the press will have the truth soon and we can’t have any mistakes. This will not become another Hollywood trial.”
“Okay, we’ll be careful.” Sydney would do a good job, he was sure. Small mistakes could become serious at trial. This was also Jack’s first case without his mentor. Deacon was taking a chance on him, despite his success on the last case. Same chance he was taking on her. She wouldn’t fail him.
“Where are you gonna be, Jack?” Larry had stopped scribbling.
“I’ll be at the crime scene. I want to see just how good this shooter is.” He picked up his pile of paper and began reading. Meeting over.
“What about the letter?” Dave’s partner asked at the other end of the plane.
“Could be just to throw us off, could be the real thing. First we have to rule out everything else. I’m sure the guys in Behavioral Science are reading it this minute,” Dave replied.
The new guy nodded and began reading the victim’s tax report from the last year.
The faxes Jack held just confirmed his opinion of T. Carlton Addicot. T. (Theodore) had started in his father’s firm of Wall Street lawyers right out of law school. His father was tight with money, and made T. work his way up like all the others. T. quickly tired of the ninety-hour work weeks and slumming with the other associates. Feeling he was better than them, he only stayed until opportunity arose. When a file crossed his desk that had potential for a large settlement, T. swiped it and started his own one-man firm. The case turned out to be better than T. had imagined. The employee of a large chemical company was having health problems, and believed the chemicals he worked with might have been to blame. With a little investigating, and the help of a disgruntled security guard, T. discovered half the plant with the same symptoms. He signed them all up and sued. The company settled and T. became a wealthy man. No longer needing his daddy’s money, he set out to build himself a mass tort machine. What followed was twenty-five years of lawsuits all aimed at large companies and defective products. Everything from diet pills to tobacco to lead paint. He now owned his own building in downtown Orlando, complete with eighteen lawyers, two accountants, eight advertising people, four company researchers and countless paralegals and secretaries. He also personally owned four houses, a cattle ranch, two boats and a new Gulfstream 5 jet. His current net worth was somewhere in the 350 million dollar range. T. also had a partnership with a lawyer in every state, which helped sign up the clients faster. His ads were on the television morning and evening; the better to make folks worry all night or all day, and drive them to his hotline to get signed up. He’d been on the cover of a few magazines, never with much good said about him. His firm and wealth now dwarfed his father’s, and T. had even more lined up for the future. Friends included some of the country’s sleaziest criminal and mass tort lawyers, and they sometimes worked with each other on the big suits. T. Addicot had made so many enemies that there was really no good place to start. The only thing Jack did know was that he had struck no deals with the government to talk about any of his clients. He had not informed the FBI or local police of any threats on his life.
“Well, that just leaves every client he had ever screwed and about two dozen large corporations that he’s taken for millions each. I’ll have this cleared up in a week.” Jack cursed to himself. No one would say T. had it coming, but they would all think it. Even himself, Jack admitted. The man knew how to pervert the justice system, just like the letter said.
How to proceed? Do I treat this as an individual case, or do I factor in the letter and try to see where it’s going next? The professional side of him knew to dot the i’s and cross the t’s on the Addicot shooting first, but the cowboy in him wanted to run with the letter end. No, Deacon had given him this case to run, a big step for someone with his amount of time in the bureau. He’d go by the book until it was time not to, or the director gave him the go-ahead. The letter writer claimed to have skills. Well, Jack knew how to shoot also. He would see when he got there if the shooter was true to his word. That would either bolster the letter’s claim, or mark the writer as an amateur. An amateur, even a determined one, could be counted on to make mistakes; mistakes that would lead to his or her arrest within a short period of time. A professional could keep this up for years as long as he minimized chance and covered his tracks. Unlike on television, a true professional was not often caught unless they made a mistake, had an unlucky occurrence, or just plain got sloppy. As he read the letter for the seventh time, Jack was hoping for an amateur, but his gut was saying professional.
One hour left till arrival. Just enough time to read all the newspaper articles that had accompanied the letter. Jack settled in and tuned out the conversations around him.
*    *    *
Paul was worried. But then, he was always worried about Sam. Sam had collapsed in bed as soon as they got home, and now Paul was sitting in front of the computer trying to determine what he might wish to do next. Or maybe who was the better choice of words. Sam would sleep for the next twelve hours, he was sure, so he would just have to wait to hear the details on the lawyer. CNN hadn’t really added to the story since they started, and although he knew it would be inaccurate, he kept the station on.
Sam had gotten away clean. That he was sure of. Sam knew what he was doing in that regard and Paul had little doubt in his abilities.
The scanner in the corner squawked to life, announcing a fire on the other side of town. The township fire department was responding. Paul watched his fish swim around in its bowl on his desk as the volunteers called themselves en route one by one.
Paul sat up and logged onto the Internet to double check the trip to Las Vegas. The hotel and two rental cars were all booked with verification numbers. The rentals had unlimited miles. The storage facility had been rented for three months. The hardware should be right where he left it.
The fire was a residential home with smoke showing from the roof. The firemen would have some work tonight. The Chief called for another truck and an ambulance on stand-by. The scanner was putting out a lot of radio chatter. The fish was not impressed.
Paul went over his activities for the past month. The IDs he had obtained in Canada were first-rate. He had already used a few shopping for the items Sam needed. Nevada was the perfect place to shop. With all the mining in the area, explosives could be had with nothing more than a valid driver’s license. Blasting caps and wire were as easy to acquire as a gallon of milk. He had made a total of eight trips to find the rifles that Sam had demanded. Expensive Remingtons, but money was not a real problem. Handguns had been purchased on the streets in Chicago, Vegas and Detroit. A turn on his vertical lathe in the garage had stripped the serial numbers and made them all untraceable. A few probably had some crime attached to them, but Paul had no choice in the matter. Reputable dealers were not an option. Sam preferred 9mm automatics, so pistol choices were plentiful. Sam’s experience and some books bought at the local army surplus stores had solved the explosive device problem. In the movies everyone had sexy plastic explosives with digital detonators so the crowd could see just how close the hero was to death when he defused the thing. Paul laughed. The dynamite combined with some Wal-Mart wire and a few items from the local hobby shop and they did just fine. No glamour, but then there would be no cameras rolling when they used it.
The house was now fully involved. The family was out, so it was now a “Surround and Drown” as the fireman liked to call it. Too bad for the family; the area the fire was in was not a rich one and he hoped they had good insurance. The fish was still not interested; his world did not know fire.
Paul swiveled his chair to reach his laptop. The laptop was always close, and never plugged into the Internet. After booting it up and several layers of security, he saw the list of all assets obtained for the projected jobs. They had enough for potentially ten. But that was up to Sam. Originally the list was thirty, but Sam knew they would never last that long. The list had been chopped to twenty, and then to ten. Starting where they really wanted would have been too personal, so they picked the mark that would cause a good media draw and help get the letter out.
The letter. Paul punched it up and read it again. They had gone through several drafts and argued over the content. Paul wanted to be more threatening, while Sam had wanted to spell out the reasoning in more detail. They had finally decided on a wording that appeared intelligent, yet irrational, threatening, but not crazy, but above all, serious and determined. They hoped the FBI experts did not see through them.
Paul looked over the plans and tried to find holes. Any contingency that had not been addressed. Time was not on their side, and they could not afford any mistakes. An hour later he sat back and looked at the fish. The bowl sat next to the pile of medications that had gone untouched. The firemen were going home.
—FOUR—
The state of Arkansas holds 13,084 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 8,766 are repeat offenders.


The Letter

Jack Randall
FBI Hoover Building
935 Pennsylvania Ave., NW
Washington DC 20535-0001

The American justice system has failed myself and all of America with its endless loopholes and technicalities. The system shows no sign of change or a willingness to do so. The lawyers and their politicians have repeatedly corrupted the legal world to aid the criminal in his goals, allowing him to bend the laws in his favor. The system has no sense of itself. The goal of the lawyer is no longer to see justice prevail, or to make the punishment fit the crime. The plea bargain, reduced sentencing, and early release have become the norm. Criminals who are jailed learn from their fellow criminals how to manipulate the courts to a standstill with no formal legal training. This costs the victims’ closure, and the taxpayers millions. Murderers go free. Drugs and lawlessness rule our communities. Prisons have become educational institutes that produce better, smarter criminals. Death penalty recipients take over a decade to receive their sentence. The media broadcast the news daily, and more criminals see the fruits of crime. The risk has become minimal for the criminal in America, and the public suffers.
No more.
Let this letter serve as a warning. If you are guilty and the courts fail the public, we will find you. If you manipulate the system to benefit the criminal, we will find you. If you work within the system and fail your profession, we will be there. We possess the skills. We have acquired the means. We have the will to act where others have failed. Examples will be made. Change must come.
—FIVE—
The state of California holds 164,487 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 110,206 are repeat offenders.


I should have kept Syd here, Jack thought.
The scene of the shooting was one of the strangest Jack had seen. It was also scary; scary in the fact that Jack’s instinct about the skill of the shooter was confirmed within minutes of his arrival. Jack stood where the shooter had lain, and looked toward the intersection. Two hundred yards through some cypress and palm trees with the usual scrub brush. The outline of the shooter’s body was evident in the weeds. Jack could make out the impression of the man’s elbows. See the log that had served as a rest for the rifle, the boot marks. The man had left minimal damage to the site despite having been there for some time; a cool customer. The man had endured heat, bugs, thirst, and the chance of discovery to get his shot. Jack took up a prone position behind the sniper’s hide and looked toward the intersection again. No brush had been cleared as far as he could see. Some branches had been broken by the fire crew on their approach, but nothing had been moved to clear the shot. Jack rose to his feet and looked again.
“Hey, Chief?” Jack said over his shoulder.
“Yeah?”
“Could you have one of your guys picture that stake with the pink ribbon on it and bag it up for me?”
“That construction stake, sure. What the hell for?” Chief Sanchez was watching the young bureau man with some amusement. He hadn’t seen a man in a suit lay in the dirt like that before.
“It’s called a tell. Snipers use them to gauge the wind at the target,” Jack replied. “But see if it belongs to the clearing crew just in case.”
“You got it.” The Chief turned and pointed to the closest deputy, who picked up his radio.
After another look around, Jack turned and walked indirectly to the site of the fire. The Chief followed, giving him a running commentary.
“The deputy responding to the 911 called in the fire soon after arriving. Once the Lieutenant saw the rifle and the envelope, he sent his people out and used the CO2 canister to put it out. Afraid there isn’t much left. Our perp used what looks like a gallon of gas to get it started. Besides the rifle, there appears to be some clothes, a gallon milk jug, and maybe a hat. The father of the boy claims to have heard two shots, kinda muffled, just before the fireman arrived; no one to confirm that, I’m afraid. Tracks lead out that way to the side street and disappear. No witnesses yet.”
“Thanks, Chief, tell that L-T that was some smart thinking with the CO2, may have saved us some evidence not using the chemical extinguisher,” Jack said.
“Will do. His boss is on vacation. Gonna be pissed he missed all the fun.”
Jack knelt by the fire and examined the rifle. He recognized the expensive Remington despite the damage from the fire. The stock was charred and split. The optics of the scope had shattered. Jack could see the tooling marks that now made up the spot were the serial numbers used to be. Not much hope of any fibers or prints. The clothing was much the same. It would all go to the lab anyway. Maybe Sydney and her little band of magicians could find something.
“Must have been a hot fire to bend that barrel like that,” the Chief’s deputy commented.
Bend the barrel? Jack straightened up and looked at the barrel again. Taking a step around the fire, he could now see the last few inches of the barrel possessed a slight bend. Jack looked around the area. Off to one side there was a large rock with a considerable crack in it. He walked over to it and shined his flashlight into the crack. Some fresh looking scratches in the rock showed about halfway down. Jack stood and walked back to the fire.
“See these marks on the barrel? No fire bent that. Our shooter bent it in that rock over there,” Jack said.
“Why?”
“So it’s now unusable. No way to match it with any slugs fired,” The Chief lectured his deputy. “How about the shell casings?”
“We can match them to the chamber of the gun providing our boy didn’t destroy it, too,” Jack replied. “Chief?” Jack motioned for the Chief to follow.
“First, I’d like to say that you and your men have done a nice piece of work here. Good preservation of the scene. But there’s one thing I’m really concerned about.”
“The letter,” Sanchez said.
“Exactly, from the looks of things here, you and I both know this guy is serious and no amateur at what he does. If that letter leaks to the press, catching this guy will only get harder. The press will only make his crusade a public one, and that’s exactly what he wants. The more press he gets, the more bodies we’re likely to see. I need you to put a thumb on your men and I mean hard. Somebody tells a wife or girlfriend, or lets it slip down at the bar, and it’s all over the papers. Tell them anyone who leaks this I intend to go after with a federal vengeance. Will your boys play?” Jack gave the Chief his hardest look.
“If they want to keep working for me they will,” the Chief replied. “Plenty of people waiting in line for their job here in this little burb. Case you didn’t notice, we like it kinda quiet here. The sooner the reporters leave, the sooner the phone calls to the station stop.”
“Sounds good. Who else knows about the letter besides you and your crew?”
“Just that Lieutenant and a couple of his boys. The fact that it exists; not the contents.”
“Okay, can you talk to him and his men for me?”
“I think I can get the word across.” The Chief smiled. He was a good ten years senior to the bureau man, but the man was tactful, and had shown he knew his job. The Chief had to respect that. The fact that he asked Sanchez to deliver the no-leaks lecture, instead of doing it himself, showed some professional courtesy. Sanchez decided he’d really lay it to the boys hard. He suddenly didn’t want to let this man down.
*    *    *
Sydney smiled at the men around the car as she walked into the garage. What’s a pretty girl like you doing in a place like this—it was on all their faces. Something she was probably never going to get used to.
“Sydney Lewis?” A tall skinny blond man with an FBI badge on his belt walked forward and stretched out a gloved hand.
“Yes?”
“Mel Dexter, Orlando office. Mr. Deacon said you were coming. Good to know he has such faith in me.”
Sydney started to reply, but the goofy grin on his face told her he was just joking. She grabbed the hand and gave it a shake. “Thanks, actually I was hoping you could work with me on this. Are you very busy down here?”
“A few things pending, but I think we can make some room for you. I have the lab standing by to receive things; so far it’s been a straightforward mess.”
Mel turned to the car that T. Addicot had been in, and his demeanor went from jokester to professional with one word.
“Up to now we have a basic rifle wound to the head. Bullet entered through the open driver’s side window and struck the victim just behind the left ear. It then traversed the base of the skull and blew clean through the brain stem before exiting out the right ear. It then struck the driver’s nine-iron that was lying in the passenger seat, and left the car by way of the passenger side windshield. Doesn’t get any quicker than that. Your shooter is a surgeon.”
“Nine-iron, huh?”
“Yup. Nice new set of Pings on the passenger side. Evidently one of the drawbacks of the new Mercedes is a lack of trunk space, must be easier to just park them up front.”
“Bullet?”
“Not yet, still looking at the scene, but it’s a big area, and the round still had a lot of energy despite the head and the club. Could be awhile to find it, and even if we do, the nine-iron probably distorted it beyond any usability. Gotta try though. We shot several rolls before we moved the body; should have them for you shortly. Not very pretty pictures.”
“I can imagine,” Sydney replied, grabbing her ponytail before sticking her head in the car to survey the blood pattern. “Looks like just the one round, lots of gray matter on the right side of the interior.” She pulled her head out with a sigh.
“Well, let’s get started.”
*    *    *
Larry hated using an interpreter. He always felt that his questions were being edited right in front of him, and there wasn’t a thing he could do about it. Plus, it doubled the time of every interview. It had taken less than ten minutes to see that the kid was useless as a witness. It would take a few weeks of head shrinking to get anything useful. The victim’s wife was out of town, New York, according to the maid. Evidently the marriage was on the downward spiral, and if one was in town the other wasn’t. The maid knew next to nothing about T. and his business dealings, but confirmed that the golf game was a regular thing and not often missed. She reported that Mr. Addicot was quite happy that morning and was even polite to her despite his coffee being late. The golf buddies, all lawyers of course, were of little help. Mel’s people were grilling them at the time, but Larry expected nothing from them. The construction crews were waiting at their site to be questioned, but the foreman had told them that no one had been in that area since it was surveyed. He was unsure if the stake belonged to them. He saw no reason for it to be there, but he was consulting the plans to confirm. The foreman was being especially cooperative, while his dozer crews were all union employees, the crews he hired to clear away the brush were mostly illegals, and he didn’t want INS to pay him a visit.
Larry needed a break. He motioned for the interpreter, one of Mel’s people, to keep going, and he wandered down the hall to the late T. Addicot’s home office. Dave was going through the man’s papers before the wife showed up.
“Anything?”
“No, lot of red flags though. Need a warrant to get it all, and it’ll take months to process and put it together. His taxes alone are way off. This guy has so many enemies I don’t know where I would start. Any luck on your end?”
“Not really, just more of the same. The wife will be in tonight on the man’s plane. From what the maid and gardener have to say, they don’t see too much of each other.”
“A divorce was in the works.” Dave held up a file. “Looks like negotiations are done; all that was left was the signing. It’s dated over a month ago. Looks like she’s getting a good deal to me, must have kept it quiet, save face and all that.”
“Find a will?”
“No, it’s probably at his lawyers. He’s been divorced before so I’m sure he’s covered his ass and assets. With two teenage kids, I’m sure they get the pile when he’s gone, not her. I’ll verify that tomorrow. Already set up the meeting.”
“Good. Okay, back to Spanish 101 for me. Jack wants an update at nine from everybody.”
“Okay.” Dave was already into a printout of the man’s last case.
*    *    *
“Well, tell me what we have so far. Syd?” It was 9 p.m. and Jack had them all in the Orlando office of the FBI. The table was covered with legal pads, cold drinks, jackets and ties. A bottle of aspirin was making the rounds.
“Our shooter is a good one. One shot to the junction of the left occipital and temporal bones with a large caliber bullet. The bullet blew through the brain stem and the cerebellum and exited out the other side, taking a good portion of the brain with it. It then struck a golf club and exited the vehicle. Bullet is still out there. All of this from over two hundred yards out. Death doesn’t come much quicker than that. Evidence of only one shot. Looks like the victim was out of view of the shooter after the shot. A Remington .308 was found in a fire about fifty yards from the shooter’s position. The barrel was bent to the point that it is unusable for lab comparison. Three shells were found in the fire. I believe one was our delivery round, and the other two were left in the fire to cook off. Should have chamber marks on all three for what it’s worth. The fire looks to hold a one-piece set of camouflage coveralls, a gallon milk jug, some type of net-like material, and a wide-brimmed camouflage hat. We also have a glob of melted latex, our guy wore gloves. We’re still looking, but so far no hair or fibers at the shooter’s position. The tracks look like a running shoe, should have a match to size and brand in a couple of hours. Looks at least a size 11 to me, so I’m guessing at this point our shooter is male. No other recent tracks for fifty yards in all directions. The stake belongs to the construction crew, but it’s out of place, probably transplanted by our shooter. We’ll check everything for prints, but between the fire and the gloves I’m not optimistic. According to the local weatherman, the last rain was three days prior, and it was a long, hard one. Any tracks are only three days old at best, looks like he disturbed the area no more than he had to.” Sydney set down her pad and looked around the table.
“My guess is the net-like material is a hood. Snipers use them in place of makeup. Usually leaves only the eyes uncovered. In this case our guy couldn’t just walk out with makeup on could he? It would also help keep the hair and fibers to a minimum,” Jack commented and added, “I agree with Sydney, our shooter is good. He knows how to set up his position, and more important; he has the discipline to wait without fidgeting. Our victim had a regular schedule of golf every Saturday morning, so our boy had to watch him for at least two weeks and probably more. The fire was set up beforehand, and the wood was dry, so he had it covered during that rain they had; very patient. Also the rifle he used was on the expensive side, and similar to the ones used by the military. This was a professional hit. Someone wanted Mr. T. Addicot dead in a serious way. Any ideas, Larry?”
Larry flipped through several illegible pages of notes till he found what he wanted. “Maybe the wife; she’s wife number three and there was a divorce in the works. Maybe she didn’t like her deal and thought she’d get a better one if he was dead? We’ll see the will tomorrow; the lawyer is flying in from Nassau. T. has two kids, both teenagers away at school. My guess is the estate will go to them, not the trophy wife. She was set to get a good deal in the divorce. The wife was supposed to be here by now, but I guess she’s in no hurry. She’s in New York shopping and said she’d be down as soon as she could. She has a Gulfstream that I’m sure is nicer than ours, but go figure. The construction crew is a dead end, too, nobody saw anybody in those woods for at least two weeks back. The foreman was cooperative, but couldn’t tell me the names of all the crew. I got the feeling he hires some illegals on a daily basis. The help doesn’t know anything, just a normal day according to the maid. He was going to golf, and then have some lunch with his buddies, who aren’t saying shit by the way. Possible numbers for some girlfriends to check out. His schedule has him in Houston all next week. The kid at the scene is a no-go for now, won’t talk, he’s basically at a six-year old mentality. Gonna need a lot of work, maybe in a few weeks? That’s it.” Larry looked at Dave.
Dave didn’t speak right away. He liked to form his words first. “The man definitely had his share of enemies. From the documents in his home office I found an allotment of indictable material. His tax returns alone aren’t even close to what he filed. I found at least four cases of money laundering, and some evidence of payoffs. We managed to copy his hard-drive so I should have some good leads for the home office to track. He had just finished a big case, made himself over five million. Maybe somebody involved in that or...” He let it trail off. Nobody had mentioned the letter yet. They all looked at Jack.
Jack looked around the table. “Guess I better make a phone call.”
*    *    *
“Deacon.” The Deputy Director was at home on his secure phone. “What do we know, Jack?”
“Our shooter is a professional, sir, a good one.” Jack gave him the news he didn’t wish to hear. “He hid his tracks very well; we have next to nothing here.”
“The letter?”
“We just need one thing to confirm it.”
“Yeah, another body.”
—SIX—
The state of Colorado holds 19,671 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 13,179 are repeat offenders.


“This could be my ticket to the Post.”
The thought was always in the back of Danny Drake’s head, but the minute he saw the scene it resurfaced immediately. As he pecked out the story on his laptop, his mind was already working on the blanks. As far as he knew, he had been the first reporter on the scene. He’d been dating the girl in the records department at this small suburban police station for six months. They had worked out a system where if she overheard something juicy from the dispatcher, she would text him with the address. Since her desk was two feet from the dispatch room door, which never closed to let the air conditioner reach inside, she overheard a majority of the traffic. She knew it wasn’t something Chief Sanchez would like, so she kept the texts to a minimum. She knew of Danny’s ambition to work for the Washington Post someday and was starting to think he might take her with him. Danny had yet to consider that.
What currently was occupying Danny’s mind was what he saw at the scene. He had arrived in time to see the Chief remove a large envelope from a tree. The fact that the Chief took a picture of it first raised his curiosity even more. Sanchez did not look happy with the contents, which he carefully bagged and put in his car before Danny’s fellow journalists arrived. Thinking ahead, Danny kept his mouth shut, and let all the others shout their questions at the very brief statement the Chief had made. There was no mention of the envelope, and Danny did not inquire. Everyone seemed to accept the car-jacking story without question. When his photographer had informed him he had shot everything and was going back to the office, Danny asked to borrow a camera. “Just in case, I think I’ll hang out for awhile,” he had said. After a few hours, the telephoto lens provided Danny with his first live look at Special Agent Jack Randall. Danny read the Post every day, and Jack’s picture had been a regular one in the past year. Why was the FBI here? Why would they send one of their best agents, and their own crime scene investigators to Florida on such short notice for a flubbed car-jacking? What was in the envelope? Sure, the victim was one of the rich and famous, but why did he warrant this kind of attention from the FBI? Too many holes in this story, Danny thought. But if he could fill them before somebody else did, he may be able to get out of this paper and into a real one. He checked his story for errors and with a keystroke sent it to his editor. Now, who should he call first?
*    *    *
Sam lay in his daughter’s bed looking at the ceiling. The glow-in-the-dark stars that he had spent an afternoon pasting up shined like newly discovered constellations. He had made an effort at a Big Dipper and Little Dipper, but he was off a little. They were more like ladles, his wife had joked. She was right. But his daughter would stare at them with intent interest when they put her to bed, and that had made it worth the effort. She was usually long asleep before the stars lost their glow. He looked around his daughter’s room. The plants were still alive. Paul must be taking care of that, too. The room was the same, no one had moved anything. The toys were still on the floor with shoes and books among them. The little clothes still hung in the closet. The night-light glowed in the hallway to keep the monsters at bay should a nocturnal visit to the bathroom be necessary. SpongeBob grinned at him from a poster. Who would have thought that little kids would find a talking yellow sponge so entertaining? Sam had watched a few episodes with his daughter, both of them stretched out on the floor. He laughed when she did; she seemed to get it, he was obviously too old. The clock she had just learned to read claimed it was 3 a.m. when Sam pulled his daughter’s blanket over him. SpongeBob was still grinning. Sam thanked him and fell asleep, curled in a ball on the tiny bed.
*    *    *
Deputy Chief of Staff Charlie Parker was in the Roosevelt room of the White House with Senator John Harper and his many aides. Why the man had to have an entourage of ten people everywhere he went was beyond his scope of understanding. Most things about the Senator were. A senior Republican from the state of Georgia, John Harper fit the bill of the stereotypical southern politician. He was big on God, justice, and of course, the topic of the meeting, guns. The Senator had a long and close relationship with the gun lobby. Anything that was vaguely related to the Second Amendment drew his attention. He had fought waiting periods, Teflon bullets, trigger locks, and background checks; all with success. The bills had either been defeated, or negotiated to the point of ineffectiveness. His current target was the President’s new crime bill. The first bill had been defeated before it had even reached a vote. It was offered as a campaigning tool; so the President could be seen as tough on crime, yet hamstrung by Congress. It had worked. The President had won the election, and the party had picked up some seats in the House. Now that the President was in his second term, the bill had been rewritten bigger and broader. They were now going after the big prize: handguns. The Senator was pulling out all the stops to defeat it.
It was Charlie’s job to find a way to make it happen.
“Senator, these figures are a year old, but they still can’t be denied. Last year we had over 21,000 handgun-related deaths in this country. If we take away the suicides and the deaths ruled accidental, that still leaves us with over 19,000 handgun deaths. We have around 65 million handguns in this country, with a death rate of 13.7 per 100,000. That’s three times the rate of Canada. On top of the homicides, this also shows that handguns are used nine out of ten times in robbery, assault and rape. The American people are tired of all these loophole-filled laws, Senator. The President wants this bill passed.”
“Charlie, I understand that the President would like me to get on board, but I just don’t think I can. His bill is placing all the blame on a few violent people. What about all the other law abiding gun owners? Besides, you aren’t going to stop people who are prone to violence just by taking away their guns.”
“No we can’t, but we can make them less lethal. The study states it’s not the fact that they are violent; it’s the fact that they have easy access to handguns when they decide to be violent. The guns don’t kill people, people kill people line is crap and you know it. The truth is, people without guns injure people, and people with guns kill them.”
Senator Harper smiled. He had heard that line before and he attempted to switch the focus of the debate.
“I cannot get behind anything that will cost this nation and my district alone hundreds of thousands of jobs. You’re talking a lot of votes that I can’t afford to lose. Not to mention a loss of millions in taxes. How’s the President going to explain that?”
Charlie looked at his aide. The aide quickly opened a file and started reading out loud. “Our current numbers show an annual cost of four billion dollars to cover immediate medical care of gunshot wounds. That was last year, up 12% from the year before. Lifetime follow-up care and economic loss due to gunshot injuries is estimated at 20 billion per year. None of this cost is subsidized by the gun manufacturers. Pistols and revolvers account for over 80% of these injuries.” The aide looked up and smiled at the Senator.
John Harper did not return his smile. Having the Deputy Chief of Staff lecture him was one thing, having this kid do it was another. He shifted his gaze to Mr. Parker. The two of them had done battle on many occasions, but they at least had a mutual respect for one another. The Senator had won more battles than he had lost, but that was before the last election. The Democrats had picked up more seats in the House this term, and defeating the bill this time would be harder than before. He was still kicking himself for falling for the last bill offering. The ruse had sucked him and his followers in and made them look bad compared to the President, the result being a loss of the majority in both the House and the Senate. Fortunately, there were still a lot of people on the fence in regard to the bill, and he and Charlie Parker both knew that the last headcount was still in his favor. This meeting was nothing but a fishing expedition. Charlie needed to know if there was room to negotiate, or if it was just plain war.
He was not going to like the Senator’s answer.
—SEVEN—
The state of Connecticut holds 19,846 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 13,296 are repeat offenders.


Danny broke the yokes on his triplet of over-easy eggs and spread them around. Susan watched with some degree of amusement. For some reason he was excited about something. She blew on her cup of coffee, and waited for the explosion of words that was just a few bites away. Breakfast with Danny was a rare offer, but it was usually in conjunction with a request for information. It was also something of a spectacle to watch. Danny was the second youngest of eight, and always ate like someone was going to come along and snatch his plate away. Slice of toast in one hand to shovel the fork full of eggs, bacon, pancakes, sausage or a combination of all four, interrupted only by quick trips to the coffee mug that somehow remained upright. She was careful not to sit too close; she didn’t wish to be stabbed with the fork. She just worked on her bagel and coffee and waited.
The fork finally hit the plate, and the last of the toast was used to sop up the remaining egg yoke. A quick swipe of the napkin and Danny was off.
“So have you heard anything interesting around the office?” He grinned.
She couldn’t help but grin back at him; he wasn’t even going to try to hide it. “About what?” she replied innocently.
“About what? The dead lawyer, what else is there?”
“I haven’t heard anything, not even in the break room. For some reason the boys aren’t yakking it up as usual over this one. Even Donna is in the dark. If she doesn’t know anything, I sure as hell don’t.”
As much as he was disappointed, he wasn’t surprised either. Obviously the FBI had put a lid on the case and told everyone to keep their mouths shut. Donna was the Chief’s secretary and she and Susan often had lunch together, another fringe benefit of his relation with Susan. He thought about this for a moment. The envelope contained something, something worthy of the FBI’s attention, and worthy enough for them to send one of their top investigators; an investigator that worked directly for Mark Deacon, the Deputy Director of the FBI. The case was no doubt big, or had big implications. He needed to know what was in the envelope. He looked at Susan. She did not look too happy with him right now. This was going to take some finessing on his part.
“Are you free for dinner tonight?”
*    *    *
Paul waited as long as he could before he headed upstairs to wake up Sam. Sam needed all the sleep he could get. The appointment was for one o’clock, and they had about an hour to get there. Today would not be bad; it was the next few that would be the hard ones.
To his surprise, he heard the shower running. Sam was up. Paul went to the bedroom to check on the laundry situation; time to do some towels. He stopped to scrutinize the bed. The pillows were still on it. Not the regular ones, but the decorative ones that his sister had bought. Sam always left them on the chair if he made the bed. Paul picked up the laundry basket and moved down the hall. The door to Katie’s room was open. Everything was still in place, but Sam’s shoes were lying on the floor next to the bed. Paul turned and went downstairs. He loaded the laundry into the washer and added the appropriate powders. He’d have to remember to transfer it into the dryer when they got back. He was sitting at the table with a cup of coffee when Sam walked in.
“We have any milk?” Sam asked as he looked in the fridge. He unconsciously rubbed his stomach as he looked.
Paul watched his brother-in-law as he walked across the room to get a glass. He still looked like a million bucks; except for the fresh scar. He had the long lean look of a runner, a man who took care of his body. Well, I guess today was another form of that.
Sam sat down and poured a tall glass of vitamin-D. No food this morning, just the milk and plenty of it. It would make the day easier later.
“Well, don’t you want to hear it?” He grinned at Paul.
Paul laughed. “Hell yes, I almost woke you up early,” he lied.
Sam drained one glass and poured another. “Went off perfect; he was right on time and pulled up to the number one spot, no wind, just a kid in an SUV behind him. He even turned his head a little for me. I stuck it right in his ear and he just coasted through the intersection. The windshield shattered for some reason I couldn’t figure out, the bullet should have stayed in the car. Exit plan worked like a charm. If the fire did its job, there should be nothing left for the feds. Hated to destroy the Remington, but I couldn’t really carry it out. I ditched the shoes in the hotel dumpster and then dived in the pool for a few minutes before I went up to the room so there should be nothing from the scene in the room. The car is the only loose end. May have some fibers and soil in it, but it’s probably been cleaned in and out and is on its way to Epcot with a family of four right this minute. I saw some press as I was waiting in the airport, car-jacking?”
“Yeah, I recorded some of it for you. You can watch it when we get back,” Paul replied. “We need to get a move on or you’ll be late.”
“Yes, sir. I wouldn’t want to miss this.” Sam got up to retrieve a shirt.
“I’ll warm up the car.”
*    *    *
Paul backed the car out, and with Sam riding shotgun with his glass of milk, headed east toward downtown Kalamazoo. A mid-sized town, Kalamazoo was positioned exactly halfway between Detroit and Chicago. The city was once a major manufacturing center with producers of paper, plastics, car body panels and drugs. Despite the closure of the General Motors Fisher Body plant and the purchase of the Upjohn Pharmaceutical Corporation by its bigger rival Pfizer, the city had made an effort to save its dying downtown area. Once proud to boast the nation’s first outdoor pedestrian mall, the downtown area had received a major facelift. The mall was once again a paved one-way street. One of many that crisscrossed the area, confusing the hell out of both locals and visitors combined. The renovation included exposing an underground stream, and the restoration of many of the older buildings in the area around the central square. An outdoor festival area had been added. The major downtown hotel had just finished a multi-million-dollar restoration. Several new bars and restaurants had opened. All it really needed now was a traffic engineer; the one currently in office couldn’t even time the traffic lights.
The other big industry in Kalamazoo was healthcare. The town was home to two major hospitals. Despite the fact that they were only three miles apart, they both boasted Level 1 trauma facilities. Between the two was a burn center, a pediatric care center, the birth clinic, a major heart center, a psychiatric care floor, intensive care units, a teaching program for new doctors, surgical units of all types, and a critical care helicopter service. Both were listed in the top one hundred hospitals in the nation. Both had surgical talent that was recognized around the world. Both often diverted patients elsewhere due to a lack of available beds.
Among the newly renovated buildings on the west side of the downtown area was the West Michigan Cancer Center.
Sam was a popular patient as he always tried to put on a good show of “positive attitude” for the staff. The truth was, he hated the place. When he first had visited, he was shocked at the amount of traffic; patient after patient rotating through the doors. CT scans, ultrasound, MRI, blood-work, radiation treatments and of course, chemotherapy. It was a constant parade of the sick and dying and Sam hated every minute.
The staff was always kind and professional. The four doctors that ran the center were picky about whom they hired and it showed. They all knew how Sam had come to be here, and went out of their way to make his visits as quick and painless as possible. Nevertheless, Sam occasionally heard a whispered comment. “Poor guy, what a way to find out.” Or “Such a tragedy, how does he stay so positive?”
Sam automatically moved to the chair on the end. It was the first one he had used, and he preferred it over the others. He didn’t like the idle chit-chat that his fellow patients engaged in. He smiled for Kristen’s benefit as she approached with the IV kit. First the pills: 4 milligrams of Zofran. That would hold back the vomiting for about four hours. 20 milligrams of Decadron. This was a corticosteroid that was supposed to help with any side effects. When he first read the pamphlet on this drug he was surprised by the list of possible side effects to it: Upset stomach, ulcers, water retention, heart failure, potassium loss, slow healing, bruising, sweating, rash, itching, convulsions, dizziness, headache, adrenal gland suppression, diabetes, blood clots, insomnia, weight gain, nausea, vomiting, euphoria, mood swings, personality changes, depression and his favorite, feeling unwell. “Why am I taking this again?” he had asked. He answered Kristen’s small talk as she deftly inserted a 20-gauge catheter in his arm. She hung the bags of fluids and checked the catheter site for infiltration. With no signs showing, she taped everything in place and adjusted the drip rate.
“Does that feel okay Sam?” she always asked.
“Fine,” he always lied. He could already feel the slight burning sensation as the poison entered his arm.
“I’ll see you in an hour.” Kristin smiled, and handed him a glass of ice cubes to chew on.
“I’ll be right here,” he answered; his standard joke. She smiled and went to meet the next patient. Little Miss Efficiency. Sam glanced up at the bag. 1080 milligrams of F5U with 1080 of Levcovorin on a piggyback; his usual. They had to give it to him slowly or the poison would eat his arm at the IV site. Good to know. Sam took his first ice cube in his mouth, settled back and closed his eyes.
“You’re not very tan, staying out of the sun like I told ya?” Sam opened his eyes to see Dr. Maher looking down with a smile.
“I tried my best, it was very tempting.” Sam stuck out a hand. Dr. Maher had been there from the start. He had even encouraged Sam’s desire to travel as long as he made his visits on time.
“I can only imagine, the wife and I have never made it to Mexico. Did you bring back any pictures?” The doc flopped down in the chair next to him.
“Some. Didn’t bring them with me though.” Sam looked at the chart the doc had brought with him. “Any news?”
Dr. Maher grabbed the chart like it was burning him and flipped it open. “Well your last bloodwork was inconclusive. We checked your carcinoembryonic levels before your surgery and they were high. But I would expect that. After the surgery, they normally drop as yours have done. What we look for is a change in the levels once they drop. Yours haven’t yet. If it stays that way it usually means we got it all. Unfortunately, Sam, you have it in not one area, but three. So we need to re-evaluate before we can go in after the rest of it. I’d like to stick with the chemo till you heal a little more, and then add some radiation treatments. Your white count is okay for now. Your red count is down, so I’m gonna add some Procrit to your regimen today, just a subcutaneous shot in the arm. Tough soldier like you handle that okay?” Dr. Maher was ex-army, same as Sam. One of the reasons they got along so well.
“From a Leg like you, I’ll try not to scream,” Sam said. The doc had not been a paratrooper as Sam had, something Sam was fond of reminding him.
“Good, I’m gonna schedule you for another CT scan in a couple weeks so we can see what’s going on. Sorry, Sam, no real good news, but no bad news either. Sometimes that’s all I can offer. Where are you off to next?”
“Not sure, maybe Alaska,” Sam replied.
“Not Hawaii?”
“Seen the beach, thought I might try some mountains next.”
“Sounds good, I gotta go, you call if you need something, Sam, don’t worry about time zones or anything, okay?”
“Okay, doc.”
Dr. Maher scribbled Procrit-40k units SQ on the chart, gave Sam a punch in the leg, and moved off in the direction of his office.
Sam settled back in the recliner. Forty minutes left.
—EIGHT—
The state of Delaware holds 6,784 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 4,545 are repeat offenders.


Las Vegas, Nevada. With a population of 1,800,000 and growing by a double-digit percentage every year, it was one of the fastest growing cities in the United States. It was America’s other playground; Disneyworld for consenting adults. It had hundreds of hotels, and even more casinos. All as busy at 3 a.m. as they are at 3 p.m. Everyone from senior citizens spending their kids’ inheritance to professional gamblers hoping to beat the house at their own game. Millions of tourists a year coming and going, day and night, with entertainment offered to all tastes. Strip bars, Elvis impersonators, medieval jousting, animal acts, magic, and some of the most popular singers in the world.
It was also a home to championship boxing.
The current favorite for boxing among the hotels was the MGM Grand, the largest hotel in the world. With thousands of rooms, multiple casinos, pools, spas, shopping, convention facilities, and its spacious auditorium, it was the current king on the Las Vegas strip. Most title fights in the last four years had taken place under its roof, and in two days it would host a rematch for the heavyweight championship of the world. A rematch that had the amateur gamblers in a frenzy. The professionals knew better. For years the world of boxing had been as corrupt as possible. The main promoter had been investigated several times for racketeering and fraud, but nothing had been able to stick. Those involved with him were becoming rich and were reluctant to talk. Even the fighters were involved. With a purse in the 50 million mark per fight, who wouldn’t want to do it twice? This weekend’s match was a repeat of one held ten months prior, one fighter, a reigning champ who was at the end of his career, and the other, a young challenger from England who had clearly won the previous match. Clear to everyone but the judges, who had miraculously kept the title with the champ, and guaranteed a rematch down the road, translating into more money for everyone. The fighters would break even on their earnings with a win and loss apiece. The champion would retire a very wealthy man. The casinos, which had totally opposing odds from the first match, would clean up once again. The promoter would collect a hefty check from the pay-per-view audience, as well as the people who came to see it in person. The city of Vegas would have a slightly larger population for the weekend that translated into more revenue for its many businesses. Even the airlines would see some profit from all the out-of-town fight fans flocking to the desert city. And yet there were people who thought boxing was a bad thing.
*    *    *
One of these flights was Southwest Airlines flight 2809 from Chicago’s Midway airport. A “red-eye” as it was known, leaving at 9 p.m. and arriving in Vegas four hours later. The flight and arrival time had been carefully picked weeks ago. The plane was dark, as most passengers were asleep, their empty bags of peanuts next to their half-finished drinks. The flight attendants were quietly talking in the small galley at the front of the plane. With a plane of sleeping passengers, they had little to do. Most passengers were asleep before the takeoff and safety briefing.
Settled in seat 26D was Sam. His hair was darker now, and the glasses he had perched on his nose did nothing for his 20/20 vision. They did however change his face. Sam had thought the need for a disguise was unnecessary, but Paul had talked him into it. As much as Vegas was sin city, it was also very safe. At least as long as you were in a casino. Casinos meant large sums of money. Large sums of money required security. Security meant cameras, everywhere. Since Sam could expect to be on camera for most of his time in Vegas, he’d relented to Paul’s wisdom and altered his appearance. With his dark hair, glasses, and a little scruff on his face, he certainly did not look as he normally did. Some Super Glue to his fingers would keep the prints to a minimum. If he did everything right, he shouldn’t have any problems. Plus, as Paul had pointed out, “It’s Vegas; you’ll probably run into somebody you know!” Sam had kept an eye out for just such a person, but so far all were strangers. He leaned his head back and closed his eyes. They had an hour to go and he should just try to blend in with his fellow passengers.
*    *    *
His mother had named him Russell, but from the time he was nine they had started calling him Profit. He began as a lookout for the local gang in his south-central Los Angeles neighborhood. By the time he was ten he had his own corner, and was moving more crack per day than the kids twice his age. Despite his chosen profession, Profit had an innocent face, one that he exploited to make people trust him. He looked harmless to the people who cruised through the neighborhood looking for a safe source of rock. The real danger was the seventeen-year-old with the Tec-9 machine pistol in his coat who Profit paid to watch his back. Two eight-year-old lookouts in both directions, and Russell had all he needed to be a successful businessman. One thing Profit did, that few others in his area were known to do, was read. Regardless of his lack of schooling—he went only when he wished—he had above average intelligence, and had educated himself by reading everything he could get his hands on. By twelve he had realized that the constant battles among the gangs were just plain bad for business. The gangs all had what were called junior members, mostly the little brothers of the current members. Profit began making alliances with other junior members using his money, brains and hired muscle. He was patient, and by the time the senior members had killed each other off or gone to prison he was ready to unite several rivals into one highly organized gang. With competition no longer a worry, the money grew exponentially, and in just a few years Profit was living up to his name. He now controlled the largest portion of the crack trade in Los Angeles. When he needed more territory, he simply moved in and took over. He adopted the Columbia Cartel’s methods of expansion. Rivals were offered pluña or plañta: lead or silver. Take the money, or get a bullet in the head. Resistance was cut down swiftly, and after a few examples, most learned it was far easier to just take the money. As his kingdom grew, he acquired cops, judges, lawyers, money launderers, and border hoppers. One young D.A. had attempted to take him down, but the response was the car-jacking of his wife and daughter. After a three-hour ordeal, the man had his family back, and had decided on a new target for his political ambitions. Profit was left alone and continued to prosper. He was now twenty-eight years old and head of the largest gang in LA history. He had branched out into investments and real estate. He owned restaurants and liquor stores, gas stations and dry cleaners. All washing his money from the crack trade. He presented himself as an honest businessman. He partied with the young and famous. Prosecutors were afraid to charge him. Most cops were in his pocket. His enemies were all now partners. Profit was the very example that crime indeed does pay.
Profit was currently instructing his lady friends on what to pack for his trip to Vegas. He had invested in a young English boxer and was looking forward to watching his investment pay off.
*    *    *
Sam departed the plane carrying the bag containing his laptop and a few days’ of clothes. He was traveling on a new set of ID papers. Ones he had altered his looks to match. As he exited the concourse, he encountered his first slot machine. He had been off the plane for maybe one minute. There were people waiting for their flights dutifully pumping quarters into the bandits. He just shook his head and proceeded past the crowd waiting for their luggage. Most of what Sam needed was already in Vegas. He headed straight for the Enterprise Rent-A-Car desk. The woman at the counter hardly looked at him. Reserved car, prepaid. Name and address matched the license the man offered. He was soon out in the lot on a shuttle bus, and then in the seat of a one-year-old Dodge with tinted windows and adequate air-conditioning. It would do just fine. He pulled out of the airport and headed toward the strip. It was 1 a.m. and he had a big day tomorrow. He drove toward the light of the Luxor Hotel shining like a beacon into the clear night sky.
*    *    *
Profit was in first class with two of his business partners. The row behind him was occupied by two young women in tiny, yet expensive designer dresses. The jewelry that adorned their necks, wrist and fingers was not only real, but in large quantities designed to be seen. They were ornaments for the man in front of them. Behind the girls were two men who stretched the capacity of the first class seats they occupied. They had been with Profit for many years and had kept the man alive through several dangerous encounters with all forms of enemies. They were also currently uncomfortable as they were without their usual hardware. That would change as soon as they met some of the crew picking them up at the airport. Until then, they would continue to squirm in their seats. Profit was in an expansive mood today, cracking jokes and teasing the flight attendants they saw. He enjoyed a trip to Vegas on a regular basis, and his men had a routine worked out. The hotel would be the MGM Grand as usual; they had eight rooms reserved for Profit and his crew. Fourth row seats for the fight were also reserved, and hotel security had been notified of some special arrangements, allowances made for certain people who could pay. The crew were driving up in a couple of secure vehicles and bringing the hardware. They would meet them at the airport. They had one night to party before the fight was on, should be a good time.
*    *    *
Sam had no problems at the hotel guest check-in. The clerk seemed surprised at the man’s reservation. All the rooms were nice, but this one faced directly across from the MGM, which blocked most of the view of the strip. Hope this guy likes green neon, the clerk thought; it was all he was going to see off the balcony. But the Tropicana was still one of the better hotels, and it was right in the middle of the strip. Most people didn’t spend much time in their rooms anyway.
“You’re all checked in, sir, is there anything else I can do for you?”
“No, I’m all set, thank you,” Sam replied.
“Directions, maybe a wake-up call?”
“Sure, make it about seven.”
“Seven o’clock it is. Elevators are right behind you. Enjoy your stay at the Tropicana.”
“Thank you, I will.”
Sam smiled and walked toward the elevator. He was overdue for his medication. A young couple joined him on the elevator, too engrossed in each other to notice him. He had to clear his throat to get their attention when the elevator reached their floor. The girl smiled at him, and with a giggle dragged the man down to their room.
“Young couples in love,” Sam voiced to himself. He punched the door-close button.
The elevator stopped at his floor and he turned to the right to find his room. After a short fight with the key-card, he got the door open and moved directly to the window. The slider opened to a balcony facing the MGM Grand. He counted the floors up and smiled to himself. The room was perfect. He looked around the balcony. A large potted plant was bolted to the floor in one corner. There was plenty of room behind it for the equipment he would have later today. Sam looked up at the roof, then on to the sky. No stars, they were overwhelmed by all the neon.
I guess I’ll trade for a few days, thought Sam. He could smell the desert. The cool of the desert night would soon pass. Tomorrow would bring heat, in more ways than one. This would be a difficult job; heavy population, his own security, and guys who wouldn’t worry about bystanders. Sam vowed not to let that happen.
What he was doing was good, wasn’t it? This guy was guilty, guilty one hundred times over. Yet he was above the law. He hid behind lawyers, and loopholes, and paid-off civil servants. Everyone knew it, yet they accept it as the way things are. They just accept the system that allows the Profits of the world to exist. Why? Where was the outrage? Where was the cry for justice? Did they fear reprisal, blacklisting, political fallout? Were these justifiable reasons for looking away, for ignoring the obvious? Was everyone so caught up in their own little world that they no longer cared for the big picture? Were reality TV and dresses on the red carpet more important than justice? “Justice for all,” the document said. He’d had to memorize it in school. It had become a joke. Sam was not laughing. If he were successful, if he could get the country’s attention, maybe people would care again, maybe.
The pain hit without warning. Sam doubled up and sank to the floor. He bit his tongue before he could stop and kicked his feet against the pain. It went on for a full minute. Sam was finally able to crawl to his bag and retrieve his meds. Another minute and he was in the bathroom. He managed to get them down and keep them there with a minimum of water. What he really needed was some milk, maybe some crackers, too. He reached for the phone. The Tropicana’s kitchen was open all night.
*    *    *
Sam pulled up to the gate and punched in the code Paul had given him. The gate decided that it was all right to let him in today, so Sam slowly cruised through and turned to the left. As he went by the office, he saw the silhouette of a person at the desk, feet up, TV on. The shape did not turn its head as he drove by. He followed the signs to unit 32B, a ten by twenty with a full-size garage door. He quickly checked to see if he had any company. The aisle was clear, but he could hear voices in the next one over. He looked up at the orange roof of the storage facility. He hoped it reflected at least some of the heat. Technically it was winter, but winter in Las Vegas was still hot and dry. Sam had wisely gotten up early to beat the heat, but it was only 8 a.m., and the temperature was already in the high 80s and climbing. He needed to get moving. He left the car running and quickly exited with the key in hand. Sam paused long enough to examine the lock closely. The small bit of wax that Paul had left on the lock showed that it had not been picked. The desert dust on the handle and door looked thick. With one more look up and down the aisle, Sam inserted the key and opened the door. A blast of cooler air quickly disappeared as the door bounced on its springs. Sam returned to the car and quickly drove it into the unit. The door was soon down and the lock inserted into the hasp to hold it shut from the inside. Only then did Sam turn on the light and examine the contents of the unit left there by his brother-in-law almost a month ago.
Sam peeled off his T-shirt and picked up a crowbar leaning against the wall. He had the three crates open in about five minutes and compared the contents to the list he had in his head. Paul had even half-assed disguised the place with some old furniture on the off chance that it would be opened by mistake. He made use of an old chair and a coffee table as he examined the items more closely. A small toolbox contained an electrical tool kit complete with soldering iron and a magnifying lamp. Also a book and some printouts from the internet to help guide him through the areas he may have problems with. Some servos that Paul had suggested he swap for some higher quality ones, shouldn’t be difficult. He eyeballed the small crate with the red paint on it. It was way more than he needed, but the stuff was only sold in that quantity or larger. He’d leave it in the crate till he was ready for it. He unzipped the nylon cases long enough to see the long guns. He had to smile. Like most men, Sam loved having the right tool for the right job. Paul had a good eye. Sam had taught him well. But these tools were for later; there were things he needed right now.
Sam dragged the other crates over and pulled out the packaging to get to the items he needed for tonight. He plugged in the laser and ran it through a self-test. It answered him back with a polite beep, telling him it was ready to go. The earphones he adjusted to fit so he could easily pull one side off while keeping the other on his head. He assembled the tripod and mounted the laser to it. Everything was finger tight and would break down quickly. The small monitor had a cord that refused to stay unraveled, and Sam fussed with it for a few minutes. The camera was really no different than the night-vision goggles or night-scopes he had used in the Army. The quality was better, and the addition of the IR capabilities was a definite plus. He hoped that they worked at the range he was using them for. The literature claimed it was within the specs, but you couldn’t always trust the advertising. He assembled the camera’s tripod and test mounted it. Easy. The GPS unit got fresh batteries installed, and it fired right up. He would plug in only the way-points he absolutely needed. Talk about leaving a trail. If he lost the GPS it was better than breadcrumbs if someone wanted to find out where he had been. It would stay on him at all times. The transmitters were perfect. Paul had included six of them. Paul was optimistic. Sam smiled, as he would be lucky if he got to use one. The receiver picked up all but one signal from them. He was down to five, but Sam doubted that would be a problem. There were two cell phones, both prepaid, with plenty of minutes, and untraceable. A frequency checker, for any bystanders and himself. He spent a few minutes playing with it to get familiar. The sweat running down his back made him put it down. He opened the bottle of Gatorade he had brought along and drained half of it. He could play with the laser more at the hotel. It had to be close to a hundred degrees in here by now. He stood and took off his pants. He needed them dry when he went back to the hotel. Now clothed in his underwear, he began separating the equipment into two piles. When he was done, he reached for the set of golf clubs that were standing in the corner, a new set of Pings. Sam had to smile again at the irony. He didn’t golf, but good old T. Addicot had. He figured if Pings worked for T., they would work for him. He removed the clubs, and began packing the equipment in the pouches and bottom of the bag. The tripods went in the top, along with the clubs carefully arranged around them. The small monitor would fit in the large shopping bag Paul had provided. He would bring that up to the room after he went looking for the missing equipment this afternoon. Paul had apologized for coming up short on the list, but at least he had been smart and left off items that Sam could get himself. Sam threw his new clubs in the trunk before pounding the crates back together. From the gym bag he pulled a towel and a can of spray deodorant. He cleaned up best he could before he got dressed and opened the door. Nobody in the aisle. He could see the heat rolling off the blacktop. Good. He replaced the lock in the hasp, and pulled a green zip-tie from his pocket. It was the expensive type with the metal band within the plastic, same as the police used for cheap handcuffs. You couldn’t just snap this one off as easy; it had to be cut off with a tool. Sam would know if anyone had been in his unit next time he was here. He drove out past the office. An elderly woman was smoking a cigarette by the gate. He gave her a quick wave as he drove through and she waved the Marlboro in return. Sam pulled out the page he had ripped from the phonebook, checking the address and name of his destination. With the air conditioning cranked up, he turned east into the morning sun.
—NINE—
The state of Florida holds 79,594 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 53,327 are repeat offenders.


Twenty minutes later Sam was looking through the plate glass window of a large hobby store. A large selection of model airplanes, remote control cars, and all the related gear was on display. Sam also checked the people inside. One guy was at the counter reading the paper, older than Sam by maybe ten years. A thirtyish man and his son were checking out plane engines on the other side of the store; apparently a slow day for business.
The door chimed as he entered the store and the man looked up from his paper.
“Hello, help you find anything today?”
“Not sure yet. Where do you keep your radios?”
“Back corner.” He pointed. The man and his son approached with an engine for the latest father-son project. “I’ll be with you in just a minute.”
“Thank you.”
He smiled at the eager kid before he walked in the direction indicated. Sam saw what he needed as soon as he looked through the display case. A Futaba radio with four servos. Designed for use in model airplanes, the kit came with a powerful radio with a very good range and a collapsing antenna. The standard four-servo kit was enough for the throttle, two ailerons, and the rudder of the average model airplane. Perfect.
“What can I do you for?”
The man had a name tag that read Phil. He looked like a Phil. He had a gentle look about him. If this man had any nieces and nephews he was undoubtedly the favorite uncle. Probably gave great Christmas presents.
“Well, I’ve got this nephew who’s into airplanes, and my sister got him a new one for his birthday. Problem she says is he needs another radio for the thing. She told me that this Futaba one right there would be great. Does that sound right to you?”
Phil’s eyes perked up. A radio kit would make this slow day suddenly a whole lot brighter. Radios were by far the most expensive item he carried. The one the man was indicating was top-of-the-line.
“Sir, I would say your sister really knows her RC. That is a very good radio.” Phil pulled out his ring of keys and pawed through them to get the one he wanted. “Did she say how many servos the boy needed?”
“Just four. She knows I tend to go overboard on the gifts, but she said any more would just be a waste,” Sam replied.
“That’s true. You can get this radio with four or six servos. But if four is all you need, I can certainly fix you up. Lemme open it up and check to see that it’s complete.” Phil opened the box before Sam could protest. He didn’t want any prints on his purchase. But Uncle Phil was an honest man and took care of his customers, so Sam let him inventory the box while he watched.
“Nothing for yourself today?”
“No, not really my hobby, looks like fun though.”
“It is addicting, I started in high school and opened this shop after a stint in the air force. Been at it ever since. So’s my boy, those are his trophies on the shelf there.”
Sam counted fourteen trophies as Phil rang up his purchase, all airplanes.
“Cash or credit today?”
“Is cash okay? My wife will say I spent too much.”
Phil smiled back. He knew that deal.
“As long as the boy appreciates it, it’s money well spent, right?”
“You bet.” Sam watched Phil put the receipt in the bag and slide it across the counter to him. “Tell the boy to keep the nose up. You have a nice day.”
“Thanks, Phil, I will.”
*    *    *
“One more night, my man, and you can retire very rich!” The heavyweight champion of the world was in the green room with his manager about to give an interview for the upcoming fight. His manager was expounding on the wisdom of the arrangement they, or rather he, had made with the promoter. Junior tuned him out.
Junior Mayfield was never considered much of an intellectual. He had made his way through life with his fists from a young age and had done very well. He’d been the champion for five years and had defended his title four times with little difficulty. But in this last year, he’d found himself doing more commercials than training. His manager was no longer spending as much time with him. His failed marriage and subsequent divorce earlier this year had also taken its toll, on both his wallet and his body. As a result, he was not up to his usual shape for the last fight. Nor was he ready for the young Englishman’s speed and strength. It was only his experience and longer reach that had saved him, and he knew it. He had seen the tapes. According to his manager and the promoter, the man was unaware that he was being used and had fought with all he had. Junior had to accept the fact that this was his last fight. Tonight he would step into one of those sledgehammer left hooks and go down as agreed, collect his nice check afterward, and then disappear. A rich man with a good life, as his manager kept telling him, if he didn’t get hurt.
A knock on the door was followed by a shouted, “Five minutes Mr. Mayfield!”
Five minutes, he mused. This was all over five months ago. Only a few knew it for sure. There were lots of rumors out there at every fight, but this one was definitely strange. The bookies believed the rumors this time. They should have had the kid in on the deal at the last fight. Maybe they tried and he wouldn’t go for it? Who knows? He would see what the kid did in five years. Would he be sitting in this chair like he was now, contemplating the end of his career and counting his money? Would his manager take care of him, or sell him out? His was still babbling from a couch on the other side of the room. Money-money-money; it’s all he talked about anymore. Well, after tomorrow, he wouldn’t have to ever see him again. After tomorrow he was going to visit his grandmother. Maybe buy her a newer house, one with a bigger kitchen so he could sit and watch her cook for him. She loved to cook for him.
“One minute, Mr. Mayfield!” Some kid with a clipboard at the door. He got up with a sigh, straightened his tie in the mirror, and walked out to the stage. He would do the usual trash talk for the host and predict another victory. He would try to be civil, his grandmother might be watching.
*    *    *
While Junior Mayfield gave his last interview as heavyweight champion, Sam enjoyed a quiet game of blackjack. His table had himself and what looked to be a retired gentleman from the north. He could tell by the freshly sunburned nose and farmer’s tan. As the man bobbed his head to get his cards in the proper lens of his trifocals, Sam looked over the man’s shoulder at the noisy craps table. Profit and his crew had been holding court for the last hour and just getting louder. He thought he recognized one of the other players from a commercial, or maybe it was a movie? Probably a rap star from Profit’s old days who now thought he was an actor.
“Sir?”
Sam looked down and saw he had an ace to go with his jack-of-hearts. He flipped it over, and watched as the dealer promptly dealt himself a nine for nineteen. Sam was up around six hundred for the hour.
It looked to Sam like Profit was settled in for a while. But his ladies were missing; maybe in the room? Sam collected his chips and left the table to cash in. Another yell went up from the craps table as he walked by.
Once in the room, Sam locked the door and turned off the lights he had left on. He paused as his eyes adjusted, and then walked to the bed. There was enough light from the neon for him to see. Reaching under the bed, he removed the two tripods and quickly set them up. First the laser, he moved it into position behind the plant and thumbed it on. The beam was invisible to normal human sight, so he had to look through the targeting scope to aim it. The lens allowed him to actually see the light. He panned it across the floor he knew Profit always stayed at, and listened at each window. This laser wasn’t just some fancy light; it was a highly effective listening device. By shining the light on a pane of glass, it allowed him to use it as a sounding board. Any sound made in the room vibrated the glass. The laser detected these vibrations, and was able to convert them back into sound that was transmitted through the earphones that Sam was now wearing. He had spent the afternoon tuning the laser to the size and thickness of the MGM Grand windows. He had Profit’s room down to a possibility of three, and was even able to recognize a few voices. Sam thought it was one of the coolest toys he had ever played with. He heard one of the crew bitching to another about having to stay in the room with the hardware. A TV was on in the background, but Sam could make out most of the conversation. Obviously junior members of the crew; most likely one of them was the driver. Sam tightened the set screws to hold the laser on target, and reached for the camera. After training the camera on the same window, he plugged in the monitor and let it warm up. A green tinted scene slowly came into view. He could make out a TV, and what looked like a person sitting on a couch. The infrared capabilities were at their maximum range, but Sam just wanted it to determine numbers of people in the room. This would be fine. The second man could now be seen walking across the room from the bathroom.
“Where you park the girls?”
“Dropped them off at Caesars, probably spent a couple of grand by now. Luther’s with them. He’s too big and ugly to screw, so Profit don’t worry about him tagging along. Better him playing baby-sitter to them two. At least the car don’t bitch, ya know? Hate being stuck in this room though.”
“Shit man, I’m here all night, at least you get to go out later.”
“What you mean later?”
“The boys said they going to Cheetahs! Why you think he had you dump them girls at the damn mall?”
“No shit? I’m up for that. Don’t worry, my man. I’ll get a lap dance for ya.”
“Fuck you, change the damn channel. Lakers are playing tonight.”
Sam put down the earphones long enough to check the phone book for Cheetahs. A big strip bar not too far away. Must be popular by the way the page was dog-eared. He opened the small room safe and pulled out the transmitters and directional radio. He applied the self-adhesive strips to the first three transmitters, and the magnetic mounts to the remaining two. He then pulled out the laptop and punched up three different routes to and from Cheetahs with his mapping software. The boys should be well liquored up and have their guard down by the time they got there. He would be ready when the driver left. He slipped the earphones back on and settled down on the bed to wait. He muted his own TV so he was listening to the game from across the street.
—TEN—
The state of Georgia holds 47,208 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 31,629 are repeat offenders.


Sydney Lewis was in her dungeon cell. At least that was what she called it. It was the one she had been assigned when she first came to work for the FBI. It was in a sub-basement of the building. No windows, little heat. The ceiling was decorated with a variety of pipes leading in all directions. It was government gray with thirty-year-old furniture. But it did have some things she liked. It was close to the labs. It was far from the brass. Nobody else wanted it, and best of all, it had a sticker on the door that designated it a bomb shelter. She was one of the only people to have two offices in the building, although she hardly used the one upstairs that came with her promotion.
Sydney was tired. After three long days and nights, she was going over the stack of information that she and her team had compiled. It added up to a few inches of paper that had landed on her desk an hour ago. The worst part of it all was that despite all the money and man-hours that had gone into the report, they had not turned up anything that she would call solid enough to use in court. Nevertheless, she had to review it all to make sure before she signed her name to it.
First the car. The car contained thirty-two different sets of prints. Twenty-eight of which had so far been identified as various friends, clients, girlfriends and the wife. Her team would work at identifying the remaining four until the case was closed, but she doubted it would matter. She also had the now famous 9-iron that had deflected the round after it had done its job. The impact had been on the reverse side of the club, and had been rather obvious. The round was still out there in the suburban woods of Orlando. Mel’s people would keep looking till they found it. Since the target had moved through the intersection after the shot was delivered, plus the subsequent deflection through the windshield, which may have altered the trajectory even further, the possible places the round could have landed were numerous. Better Mel than her.
“Good luck, guys,” she voiced out loud. She squirmed in her seat to get her gun out of her ribs.
Next on the list was the thick report on the rifle. A Remington 700 in .308, rare and very expensive. Also the same rifle used by the US Army snipers. A coincidence? Jack didn’t think so. He claimed shooters usually stuck with what they knew. He should know, he was a shooter himself. And this shooter had impressed Jack. She knew Jack’s skill with a rifle, and if Jack was impressed, she was, too. She was still working on her skills with a pistol. Something Jack had helped with once. She had improved. At least Jack had said so. She needed more work. Anyway, the chamber markings on the shells matched the markings on the test rounds. No surprise. The wrench in the works was that upon disassembly, it was discovered that the firing pin had been removed from the rifle. No way to match the rounds, at least the one that had been used, to the rifle. The man had covered his tracks as much as possible; a professional. The fire had removed any hair, prints, or fibers.
Fibers. The fire had consumed everything, save a section of collar from a camouflage jumpsuit. No hair or DNA material recovered. There was also a one-inch section of face net, charred, no hair, nothing useable.
Latex. Also found in the fire. Same kind used in medical gloves. The lab even identified the brand. Diamond. Used in every hospital and ambulance in the country. Dead end.
Then there was the shoe. Twenty pages on the shoe, a Nike brand; size 11½, men’s. The man had a long stride. The book put him between 5'10" and 6'2", about 200 lbs. The lab claimed the tread had no wear on it. The shooter had splurged on a brand new pair for the job.
Sydney sighed and looked at the clock. 10 p.m. again. She had a half-hour drive to her condo. Maybe she’d even get five hours sleep before she had to rise and be back in for a meeting. Or, she looked across her office, there was always the couch.
*    *    *
Seven stories above her, Jack was not having a good day either.
Deacon was not pleased with the way this case was going. Jack sat in the man’s office while his boss paced in front of the windows. The current copy of the Orlando Sentinel was on the man’s desk blotter. Jack could see his own image, upside-down, on the front page. Same one that his wife had shown him on a tabloid TV show last night. The reporter had gotten some good shots of him working the scene. The car-jacking cover story hadn’t lasted a day. Danny Drake. Evidently the only guy to hang around long enough to see him. He was the only one to have pictures. He was the only one to know about the envelope. The man had covered all that in his first story, and had done two follow-ups on the life and times of T. Addicot. The case had turned cold. The wife was on the tube doing a good job of portraying the grieving widow. The golf buddies were demanding to know what was going on with the investigation. Larry and Dave had stayed behind and followed up for two days with no success. The information hounds on the second floor were sifting through the leads recovered from T’s office. There was a mountain of them. T. had screwed quite a few people over the years. Trying to pick one guy that was the most pissed was impossible, but they would run them all down best they could. Deacon had the Orlando office working double shifts until it was done.
“Have you got anything good to tell me, Jack?”
“We’re working everything we have, sir. I just don’t see anything promising. The guy who hit him was definitely a pro. He had researched the target for some time. Had to know he played golf every Saturday. It was the one thing he did on a standard time line. A stranger in his little gated community would have been noticed. The lawyer’s office and the majority of his commute were too public. His schedule was chaotic. Then there’s the method the shooter used to do it. Ask the HRT guys. This guy is an excellent shot. He put it right in the brain stem, just as they are taught to do. Death is instantaneous. Plus the way he disposed of the rifle and made his escape. He knows something about forensics, and knows how to escape and evade. I’m ready to put money on the fact that this guy is current or ex-military, or maybe law enforcement. It would take a lot of time and self-study to get this knowledge as a civilian,” Jack replied.
“You’re checking with DOD and CIA?”
“Yes. DOD will give up all their past and current snipers. Maybe not the Delta guys; we’ll have to wait and see. CIA? Who knows if they ever give up anything.” Jack spread his arms to say he didn’t have the clout for that request.
“I’ll talk to their Director of Operations, he owes me a favor. He’ll want something in return. Maybe not today, but somewhere down the road. I hate being in debt to those guys. You think the letter is real?” Deacon raised his right eyebrow at Jack.
Jack hated it when he did that. His wife would do that when she thought she was being fed bullshit by her husband. She was often right. It always gave him a guilty feeling.
Jack let out a sigh. He had been thinking about that for three days. The hit said professional. Most professionals do what they do for money. If it was a business situation, why leave the letter and the newspaper clippings? If the shooter wanted press, why would he address it to the FBI, and why him in particular? The price of fame, he figured. It was like the shooter was giving them a chance to do something before he raised the ante. The shooter had offered them a preview before he went public. He referred to “We” in the letter; was he working for someone, or with someone? The letter promised more. Was the shooter waiting to see how they reacted? If so, what would he do next?
“Yes, sir, I do,” Jack replied. “But this letter, it wasn’t a threat. It’s an announcement.”
*    *    *
Paul was at that moment just printing off the same front page article that was on the Deputy Director’s desk. He was following the Orlando reporter’s work. He was the only one to have some key information, and he also wrote well, something to consider.
“This may be our guy,” Paul said to his fish.
Paul swiveled around to his online computer. He randomly tapped the keys while he weighed the risk of emailing Sam, or waiting for a phone call. The urge to act was strong now that they had gotten started. The next letter was going to the press. They had decided on the Washington Post, and the New York Times, with another going to CNN. Sam had wanted the first to go to the FBI exclusively, for reasons Paul had never received a straight answer on. He had finally just dropped it. But maybe this guy from the Orlando Sentinel was a better choice? He was young and therefore hungry. He had a web address printed next to his byline. Convenient. He would run it by Sam and see what he thought. Tomorrow was the fight in Vegas, and no doubt Sam was busy. He would wait until after the Vegas job to broach the subject. He picked up the remote on the desk and turned up the volume on the TV. CNN was on as usual, and he could see the Vegas strip behind the talking head, just the sports guy talking about the fight. He’d leave it on to keep him company for awhile. The fish was not exactly a big talker.
Time for some research. He clicked himself online and went to the website he had gotten from the sports card trade magazine. Sports cards, the things he had collected as a kid, were now a billion dollar industry. Made him sick when he thought of the ones he had thrown away during one of his many moves. The guest list for the card show was still posted and unchanged. The dates were the same. He saw a 1-800 number for information, but decided to pass on that. Maybe if he obtained another cell phone.
He logged out of the site, and punched up Sam’s treatment schedule. He wasn’t due for any chemotherapy for another week. He should be all right if he stayed on schedule out west. Last Monday had been terrible. Sam had made it home all right, but an hour later had a spell of vomiting. It lasted a few hours until he passed out. He had some chills the next day, but mostly it was the fatigue that hit him. Paul didn’t even try to feed him that day. He put some of Sam’s favorite crackers next to the bed, but few of them disappeared. Sam finally showed some strength Tuesday night, and by Wednesday was ready to go to the airport. Paul forced two meals down his throat before he left, and Sam finished them both. This was actually a quicker recovery than last time. Sam had told Paul about the Procrit Dr. Maher had added to his regimen. They both agreed that must be what was helping. Whatever it was, Sam said he felt good, good enough to go to work.
He was contemplating a phone call to Sam when the cell in his jacket pocket started ringing. He reached for it hanging on the back of his chair, and managed to answer on the third ring. Only one person had the number.
“Hello?”
“Yeah, it’s me. Just thought I’d check in. How are things?”
“Shitty, how about you?”
“The same,” Sam answered. Any other reply and Sam would have hung up immediately and gone shopping for a lawyer. This code-phrase stuff sounded stupid, but was still a safeguard they had chosen to use.
“You pick up that hardware you needed?” Paul asked.
“Yeah, no problem there, already have the trigger assembled, and I plan on having a couple tracers on the car soon. So far, everything is working. You think you got enough stuff?” Sam joked.
“Hey man, I was posing as a mine worker. They buy in bulk. Not like I could just go down to Wal-Mart and pick up a few sticks.”
“I know, just fucking with you. I don’t think I like the idea of leaving close to a case of this stuff behind in the storage unit. Will the heat mess with it? It’s got to be 110 in the place.”
“Well, it’s not exactly good for it. Cool and dry is best. Most of my friends keep theirs in the basement. But it should be all right. If you don’t want to leave it, ditch it in the desert when you get a chance.” Paul really didn’t care, but Sam worried about things like this.
“That would be easy, they have plenty of desert. I’ll worry about it when I come to it. So far, everything here is working. Like I said, I’m going to attempt to place a tracer on the car, but even if I manage to plant our gift under it, blowing it around here is not going to be easy. This place is wall-to-wall people day and night. I don’t think there’ll be a place to do it safely. I may have to pass and maybe come back if there’s time later.”
Paul winced at that. He knew there wouldn’t be time later. “Just do what you can, don’t take any stupid chances. We have more to pick from you know.”
“I know—I know, just really want this guy.”
“Has he got a lot of company?”
“The usual, plus some friends for the fight. Nothing to worry about.”
Nobody Sam would worry about being in the car with the target. Paul read between the lines.
“Good, hey listen to this. Some reporter out of Orlando has been writing about the shooting. He knows about the letter and he got some pictures of Jack Randall at the scene. He’s got a gift for putting things together. I was thinking of putting him on the mailing list. What do you think?”
Sam thought about it for a few seconds. He couldn’t see a downside. One more on the list was no big deal as long as they took the same precautions on all the letters. Might even be a benefit.
“Sure, if you think it’ll help.”
“All right, consider him in the club. You need anything?”
“Some match-grade ammo would be nice.”
“You have two rifles at $2500 a piece, and you’re still not happy?”
“Anything to up my chances; it’s going to be a long shot.”
“Something tells me you’ll do just fine.” Paul knew Sam was looking forward to Orange County. Not just for the target, but of the difficulty of the shot. His brother-in-law rarely missed, match-grade ammo or not.
“All right, I’m going to listen in next door for awhile. Keep the news on, you never know what’s going to happen.”
“All right, be careful. Don’t crimp the detonator with your teeth.”
“Very funny, talk to ya later.”
—ELEVEN—
The state of Hawaii holds 5,846 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 3,916 are repeat offenders.


Sam checked his watch. It was nearing 1 a.m. and he had been sitting outside the strip bar for over two hours. The driver and one security man had been sitting on the trunk of their car the whole time. He couldn’t hear what they were saying, but it involved a lot of hand gestures. He would just have to be patient. He had left the hotel as soon as the phone call had sent the driver downstairs. He’d managed to beat Profit and his crew to Cheetahs by a good ten minutes. He watched from his position fifty meters away as the man stepped out of the Cadillac’s passenger side door. He had already committed the plate number to memory. The two men Profit had left behind with the car were not pleased, but did as they were told. Sooner or later, one of them would have to take a piss.
As if on cue, the bigger one left and walked towards the entrance, out of sight around the corner. The other man slipped into the driver’s seat and started the car. The music was loud enough for Sam to hear it from his place down the street. The driver then lit a cigarette, and leaned the seat back. This was what Sam had been waiting for. He quickly palmed the transmitters and left the car. He crossed the street to give himself the angle of approach he needed to pass by the rear of the car. As he got closer, he saw that the driver had his eyes closed. Good. He stopped for one second to untie his shoe. He walked with the laces flapping till he was close to the car. Quickly kneeling down behind the rear bumper, he was out of sight of the driver. Two transmitters were rapidly affixed to the rear bumper and the frame. He then calmly tied his shoe, before standing and walking toward the entrance. A glance behind him revealed the driver, still with his eyes closed, singing along with the girl on the CD.
“All too easy,” Sam said to himself.
He continued on until he passed in front of the building and on down the street. He would go another two blocks before circling back to the rental car.
Back in his hotel room, Sam pulled out the diagrams and books that Paul had sent. The radio and servos were spread out on the bed. The table contained electrical detonators, wire, a pair of simple swing switches, a small block of batteries mounted in series, and the soldering iron, hot, and on its stand. Sam had just finished laying out the circuit he planned to use, and was double checking it against the drawings. Nothing fancy, but then it didn’t need to be. Sam had rigged a simple circuit that he planned to trigger using the servos from the remote control radio. The batteries were wired to the first switch that led to the second switch that led to the detonators that then led back to the battery. He planned on using at least three detonators in case any of them were bad. The servos were matched to the throttle and right turn controls of the radio. He would have to do both to detonate it. It was the only safety measure he had built in. Homemade explosives were not Sam’s game. He was a shooter first. He had always had a sharp engineer on the team when he was in the army for things of this nature. That was a long time ago, and Sam had forgotten most of it. This would do for what he needed. He had already determined that the frequency he was using was not in use in this area. He had used the frequency finder all day without one hit. Downtown Vegas just wasn’t a good place to fly your remote control airplane. Cell phones, security cameras, TV remotes; they all used a different bank of frequencies. He would be as safe as he could.
When Sam was done, he took the small mounting board and attached the large magnet to it. He then checked the device again. The magnet had no effect. The light on the meter moved just as it had before. Good. He would attach the detonators and the dynamite when he was ready to use it. Three sticks should do it, maybe four. It had to fit under the car without being seen. Sam gathered everything up and placed it in the shoe box he had brought it up in. The box went into the shopping bag. The shopping bag he placed under the bed, out of reach of the maid’s vacuum cleaner.
Sam then got out the directional radio and listened for the car. It pointed in the direction of the strip club. No movement yet.
Sam gave up and went to the bathroom. His stomach was giving him some warning signs. He had forced himself to eat earlier, and he was having to do that more and more often. While it didn’t surprise him, he still got mad when it happened. He had taken excellent care of himself his whole life. Yes, he had pushed his body hard in the past, but that was no reason for it to retaliate now. He would just take his pills and try to get some sleep. Maybe tomorrow would provide the opportunity he needed. He was tired.
*    *    *
Danny’s editor was not in a good mood. His best reporter was asking for something unusual, and on a Monday, too.
“Ed, it’s going to happen again, I’m telling you. This guy is just getting started. I need to be there when it does!” Danny was pleading his case while pacing in front of his editor’s desk. Ed had his seat tipped back, his feet up on his desk and watched Danny appear and disappear between the piles of paper and books.
“Lemme get this straight. You think the guy who shot Addicot is gonna go out and shoot some more people? Why?”
“He left a message, Ed. A letter to the FBI. Why would he do that if he just wanted to kill Addicot? Sure the guy had enemies, but why not just shoot him and be done with it? No, this guy has an agenda. He left the ‘Why’ with the feds, nailed it to a tree like a gift. Why leave it to a federal agency when the locals or state could just as easily get the message. It just doesn’t add up. I think it’s gonna happen again, it’s gonna happen soon, and it’s gonna happen somewhere outside Florida. I need to be there when it does!”
Ed sat up and looked at Danny. He reminded Ed of himself from the first day he had come onboard. Young, full of energy, still had some ideals and drive left.
“You really think this is serious?”
“The FBI does. Look who they sent down here. Their golden boy.”
Ed sat back and scratched his head with one of the hundreds of pencils he kept lying around. He hated pens, ruined too many shirts. Danny had some points. He also had a lot of unknowns. But he had been smart enough to hang around the scene, and come back with a story that had more than what the other guys had.
“All right. All right, I’ll sign off on one trip. Be humble, Danny, you’re a metro guy and the other egos will not like it. Go down to travel and get an open ticket. Pick out a photographer to go with you. I’ll explain it to the bean counters. Don’t screw me on this one.”
Danny reached across the desk and planted a kiss on Ed’s shiny head. “You’re my hero, Ed, that’s what I tell everyone!”
“Yeah?” Ed smiled. “Go away.”
Danny did just as he was told.
*    *    *
Sam was in his hotel room finishing off a room service breakfast. He had been listening for the past three hours as the gang members got themselves up and around. He had heard grumbling and verbal sparring over the shower. Room service had come and gone twice. Some loud snorting he took to be cocaine use. Nothing remarkable yet.
Profit’s voice finally joined the group and things quieted down. Breakfast was again ordered. The talk then turned to the day’s plans before the fight.
“We can hit the strip for some dice, boys, The Prophet can always use more profit.” It was a line he had used many times. His crew laughed obediently.
“However, it would trouble me to be seen exiting my coach in its current condition. Mooky, you did wash my ride since we arrived?” He looked at his subordinate with a glare.
Mooky was suddenly delinquent. He quickly recovered.
“I was just leaving to do that P. JJ was going to help me.” Mooky looked to his friend for help.
“Yeah—Yeah, same place we used last trip. No problem, be back in an hour.” JJ got up and glared at Mooky as he left the room.
“Very good.” Profit smiled as his breakfast was placed in front of him. “Are you still here?” He looked at Mooky.
Mooky turned and followed JJ out of the room.
“Boy needs a shock collar,” he joked.
*    *    *
Sam was out the door and racing to his car with the gym bag in his hand. He managed to pull out onto Tropicana Avenue in time to fall in behind Mooky and JJ in Profit’s car. He was glad he had decided to finish the assembly that morning. They continued down Tropicana toward the airport, and then pulled into a detail shop with a long automatic carwash. The cars were lined up waiting to get in. The desert really laid a layer of dust on everything. It looked like the business catered to limousine and hotel vehicles. The drivers could be seen gathered in the waiting area out of the heat, drinking coffee while they waited for their cars. Sam pulled his car right up to the rear of Profit’s car and got out with the gym bag in hand. As he turned to go to the office, a young Hispanic-looking kid ran up to him. After a brief Spanish phrase, he snatched the key out of Sam’s hand, replaced it with a numbered piece of paper, and with a smile was gone. Sam smiled. Perfect.
He turned and walked to the rear of the building where the cars entered the gate. Another young man was busy spraying down the cars and sliding plastic over any rear window wipers as they entered. He didn’t even look up as Sam took up a position leaning against the wall. From this position he was out of sight of the crowd inside and had a good view of the parking lot. The next car, a nice Lexus, was pulled up to the gate. As the driver bailed out and ran back to the parking lot, Sam casually stepped forward to inspect the interior. He stepped back as the track engaged, and it was pulled forward to receive its spraying. He repeated the move with the next car, a Cadillac SUV. Profit’s car was next. Sam unzipped the bag to expose the device. With one hand he reached in and connected the detonator bundle to the screw connection to complete the circuit. He spun the wing nut down till it was tight. The bomb was no longer safe. As Profit’s car was pulled forward, he again stepped forward to admire the interior. As he bent over to gaze into the passenger side window, he quickly dropped to the ground, pulled the bomb from the bag, and placed it on the inside of the frame directly under the passenger seat. The magnet grabbed onto the frame with a bang that startled Sam. He gave it a quick tug to ensure it was in place, and then casually rose and returned to his position leaning against the wall. Out of the corner of his sunglasses he checked on the attendant spraying the cars. Not even looking in his direction. A look across the parking lot revealed no one else. Sam checked out the two cars going through after his in the same manner before walking to the other side of the building to await his car. The same smiling boy drove it out where it was attacked by an army of other young boys with towels. After a quick rubdown the boy ran up with his keys. Sam peeled off enough cash to pay for the wash, and left the young man a big tip. Sam pulled out into eastbound traffic until he could pull a U-turn. He then proceeded into the Burger King across the street from the carwash. He watched out the window as Profit’s car was vacuumed and dusted inside. The tires were treated without the bomb being discovered. Sam finished his chicken sandwich just as Mooky and JJ pulled out and headed back to the hotel.
Sam followed a few minutes later.
*    *    *
Profit and his crew spent the day on the Strip and Sam could not afford to follow them. With security cameras everywhere in the casinos, he did not want his face seen in multiple places the same time as his target. He had no doubt that the FBI would soon be reviewing all the tapes looking for someone tailing Profit. Disguise or no disguise, he couldn’t risk it. Besides, with the tracers on the car, Sam really didn’t need to follow him closely, he just needed the radio to track the signal from the car and his own rental car. One of thousands in the city, it was never looked at twice. So Sam cruised the Strip every hour or so, and waited for the radio to beep as he got close to the car. A few times he entered some parking garages to see the car up close. Most were under the hotels and full of people coming and going. Sam quickly ruled out blowing the device in a garage. The risk of fire and bystanders was too great. He would just have to be patient. His time would come. Sam had never been patient. It had taken some good football coaches, a few drill instructors, and some time at war to teach him the advantage of discipline. Sam was very good at what he did. So good he taught others before he left. That experience was invaluable now. Time would offer him a chance, and when it did, he would be ready. He checked his watch, he had time for a meal and a nap before the fight.
*    *    *
The MGM Garden Arena was a boxing promoter’s dream. It housed thousands of ticket holders. No expense had been spared to make this one of the best facilities of its kind in Vegas. It had more than enough lighting, sufficient entrances and exits and enough air-conditioning for a large crowd of rowdy fight fans.
Sam arrived halfway through the second match. Two welterweights were firing the crowd up for the main event. The two men were evenly matched, and although the crowd didn’t know it, they were seeing the only real boxing that was going to take place that night. The noise was already putting the arena’s sound dampening to the test. It was Sam’s first time at a live match, and he found he didn’t really like it. The crowd seemed to get into it just a little too much for his taste. Besides, he was here to work.
Raising his binoculars to his face he saw a group of people move toward the section he had been eyeballing all night. He had been lucky to overhear two of Profit’s men discussing where they would be seated for the fight. The group tonight consisted of Profit, his two decorative ladies, two security men, and a few semi-celebrity friends. They made a grand showing of taking their seats.
Sam could see them quite clearly from his seat in the upper deck on the opposite side. He watched Profit smile at his ladies and friends. Drinks were brought. His crew yelled at the fighters, demanding some blood. It was going to be a fun night.
“Enjoy it while it lasts you piece of shit,” he muttered under his breath.
Fifteen minutes later, Sam turned his attention to the announcer. He couldn’t help but smile when the guy launched into his familiar introductions of the fighters and on into his catch phrase: “Let’s get ready to rumble!” The guy was perfect. One of the best jobs a guy could have. It was right up there with the guy who announced the President at the State of the Union address. He had read somewhere that this guy had actually copyrighted the phrase, unbelievable. It did work its magic on the crowd. They responded by standing and cheering and Sam acquired the first of many drops of beer on his jacket. The crowd was primed for the fight. Nothing like seeing two men beat each other to a pulp.
The usual instructions from the referee and the bell sounded. The Englishman was immediately on the offensive while the Champion danced around him. The crowd around Sam began to continuously yell instructions, insults, boos, and cheers. Sam lost his view of Profit through the binoculars as he was constantly jostled by the fans around him. More beer on his jacket. By the end of the first round Sam had had enough. He rose and followed an already drunk fan down the row and in the direction of more beer. He moved off against the flow of people to the nearest exit sign. After some twists and turns, he was back in the casino. He got his bearings and exited out the lion-head entrance on the corner of the Strip and Tropicana. Turning left, it was a quick walk across the street to his own hotel. He found a chair in the sports bar, and played some Keno for appearance’s sake while he watched the fight on several big screens. He thought about his problem. He had the means, but no safe place to implement them. How could he use the bomb without taking out a bunch of innocents? Profit would be flying back tomorrow to Los Angeles. The bomb was useless after that. Sam had no plans to try this on the man’s home ground. He would be noticed in a heartbeat. Here in Vegas, he could blend in with the crowd. He had to find a way to do it here.
The Champion went down in the eighth round after he stuck his chin in a left hook. Sam thought it looked fairly real. The new champ was crowned, and the crowd began to leave. Sam rode the elevator to his floor and picked up the directional receiver from under the bed. It showed the car heading up the strip towards Caesar’s Palace. He next pulled out the frequency checker. Nothing on the band he was using. Good. He placed them both in the gym bag and headed for his car.
The boys were at The Mirage this time. He watched them from the blackjack table as he had before. The bets were bigger tonight. Obviously the man had lived up to his name regarding the fight. Their rowdiness soon drove the other players away and attracted some additional security. Sam left and went to his car. He traced three different routes back to the hotel, but all of them had crowds and traffic. This guy was flying out the next day. He had to find something soon.
Sam sat at a red light and fought back a pain in his gut. He was running out of options.
“Dumbass!” he yelled at himself. The answer was obvious.
Sam proceeded down the Strip to Tropicana Ave. He then turned left and followed it out past the carwash and on to the airport. About a mile from the airport, he ran into a construction zone. Traffic was forced across the median and into one lane with a concrete barrier on one side and a mile of orange barrels on the other. The other lane was stripped down six inches and roughed up for re-paving. Some crew worked under klieg-lights, but otherwise the area was empty. Sam exited the work zone and drove on to the airport. He then made a U-turn and drove back past the same spot. The timing would have to be perfect, but it would work. It had to, it was his only option. Tomorrow was Saturday. Did the crews work on Saturday? They didn’t in Michigan. He’d have to play it by ear, and hope they didn’t here. He drove the route four more times with his eyes on the odometer and his watch. It was going to be really tight, but this was the best idea he had come up with yet. He needed one more bit of information, and for that he needed the internet.
Sam spun the wheel and turned back toward the hotel.
—TWELVE—
The state of Idaho holds 5,887 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 3,994 are repeat offenders.


Sam was tired. After returning to the hotel last night he used his laptop and looked up every flight to Los Angeles that he could find for the next day. There were several and he didn’t know which flight Profit planned to be on. He had then listened till 3 a.m. on the microphone till he fell asleep. He woke up when the phone rang at seven, the machine voice telling him to have a pleasant day in Las Vegas, and thank you for choosing the Tropicana Hotel. After silencing the phone, he slipped the headphones on and listened. Not a sound came from the room. Had they left already? Had he missed his only chance? Sam cussed himself for falling asleep.
His thoughts were interrupted by the sound of a toilet flushing. They were still there! He could hear a door shut, and some quiet voices. Someone started snoring. Good, it wasn’t the maid, and he still had a little time. Sam slid one earphone off and grabbed the phone. After ordering breakfast, he quickly packed his bags and disassembled everything but the laser. He would have to move fast once he knew they were leaving. Despite his stomach, he had ordered a pot of coffee. He had to stay awake. Dr. Maher would not be pleased, nor would his stomach later. But like he had been told in the Army: Mission first; welfare of the men second.
Three hours later Sam heard the phone ring. A 10 o’clock wake-up call. The snoring stopped, and several voices could soon be heard. An hour later breakfast had been ordered, delivered, and eaten. Showers had been taken. Money had been counted. Hookers sent packing. Hangovers were being nursed. Finally, Sam heard what he had been waiting for.
Mooky was sent for the car.
Sam quickly packed the tripod and laser in the golf bag. Slinging it and his carry-on bag over his shoulders, he left the room for the elevator. The ride down was agonizingly slow, but Sam walked casually to his rental car. After loading the bags in the trunk, he transferred the gym bag with the three radios into the passenger seat. He flipped on the directional radio as he pulled out onto Tropicana Avenue. The signal changed aspect as he passed the MGM. He was ahead of Profit and his boys and found a parking spot in front of a dry cleaner where he could wait. When the signal of the tracer began growing stronger, he knew Profit was on his way. As the car appeared from the west, Sam switched off one radio and switched on another. He let the car pass before pulling out behind it. He checked the plate number against the one he had memorized the night at the strip club. It was the right car. He stayed behind them until they were close to the construction zone. Accelerating past, he caught a glimpse of the man himself dozing in the passenger seat. Sam preceded them into the one-lane traffic and slowed to a pace slower than the car in front of him. As he watched the gap between himself and the car in front widen, he noticed a dump-truck had fallen in behind Profit’s car in his mirror. Good. Sam looked down at the frequency checker in his passenger seat. Nothing. With another glance at the traffic behind him, he powered on the RC radio. Right about now.
Sam accelerated quickly to widen the gap. Mooky was hung over and a little slow, but he soon sped up to follow. The dump truck did not have the gears to keep pace, and there was soon a sizable gap between all three cars. When the gap reached about 40 meters, Sam advanced the throttle stick on the remote. Another 10 meters...
Sam looked in his mirror and kicked the rudder stick to the right full.
*    *    *
Hector had been driving this dump-truck for three years. Vegas was growing at a record pace and he was earning a good living. Hauling dirt from site to site was boring, but it paid well. This was his last run before lunch, and he was hungry.
He forgot about his stomach when the black car he had been admiring in front of him exploded and began grinding against the concrete barrier. He barely managed to get his truck stopped before crashing into the damn thing. He sat and stared for a moment before the burning gasoline began creeping toward his truck. He pulled off over the drop between two barrels and parked thirty yards past the car to get out of the thick black smoke pouring from the wreck. After getting out his small fire extinguisher, he looked back at the car. It was fully engulfed. He threw the tiny red bottle back in the cab and reached for his dispatch radio.
*    *    *
Three sticks were enough, more than enough, Sam thought as he sped on to the airport. The car had literally left the ground and impacted the wall before it landed and began carving a groove in the concrete. Hell of a fire, too. Sam had not really expected a fire. He had been told that was movie stuff. This car was definitely burning though. Bonus. Sam smiled as he pulled into the rental lot. Nobody could have survived that. Profit was history. Sam re-packed his gym bag. After turning in his rental car, he found a large locker in the terminal. He stowed his bags, except for the carry-on, and wandered down the terminal until he found a bar with TVs hanging from the ceiling. Halfway into a victory drink he saw an aerial view of the burning car being hosed down by firemen. The paramedics were standing off to one side. They didn’t even have their equipment out. The talking head rambled on for a few minutes saying nothing but speculation. Sam looked around the bar before pulling out his cell phone.
“Hey?”
“How’s it going?” Paul asked cautiously.
“Shitty. You?”
“Same.”
“Watching TV?”
“No, why?”
“Maybe you should. Call you later.”
“Right.”
Sam finished his second drink, left a few bills on the bar, and walked back to the locker. After retrieving his bags, he made his way to the rental car section. Using a second set of identification papers, he was soon on his way in a new Jeep Cherokee back toward the Strip. He took an alternate route this time, traffic was still backed up on Tropicana. He stopped at a mini-mall parking lot to drop four envelopes in the mailbox. One was addressed to Profit at his room at the MGM Grand. Attn: Jack Randall was printed at the bottom in plain block letters. The other three went to newspapers, including one addressed to a reporter at the Orlando Sentinel. He decided to stay at Caesar’s Palace. He liked the high traffic.
After checking in, Sam watched TV coverage of the scene for as long as he could. The coffee soon wore off, and he fell asleep. His body would keep him there until the next morning.
*    *    *
Jack spent Sunday afternoon with his wife. They had enjoyed a late breakfast out, and were now driving toward the shore for some time away. Jack tried to listen as his wife went on about somebody’s new house and who they had hired to decorate it, but his thoughts kept returning to the case. The boss had agreed with him about the skill of the shooter, and his theory on the letter. Deacon had promised him a full crew, and one of the new Gulfstream jets the bureau had obtained. A joint operation with the DEA had netted some big names in the drug trade, and a few jets were seized. They now had a small fleet. They were even nicer than his father’s company jet, which he still had access to but never used. The pieces were in place, all they were doing now was waiting.
They were only ten miles from their goal when his pager began beeping. His wife’s happy face immediately changed to one of disgust. He twisted around and pulled the seat belt up so he could read it without taking it off his belt. 888. Report for a mission.
“I’m sorry,” Jack said.
“Me, too,” Debra replied. “Are we ever going to have any time, Jack?”
“I’m trying, honey, it’s just the way it is. The bad guys pick the time table. You know I can’t control that.” He swung the car into a parking lot to turn around.
“You owe us some time, Jack, you promised.”
“I know.”
Debra turned and rested her head against the window. Jack picked up the cell phone.
*    *    *
Sydney was stretched out on her leather couch in the dungeon. She had awakened in the same spot five hours ago, and gone down to the gym to change. A few miles might clear her head so she had changed into her running shoes. The run had only postponed the inevitable. Now showered and fed, she was refreshed and back in the office, her mind still on the case. She eyeballed the stack of paper on her desk. Should she go through it again?
She was just dozing off when a strange noise woke her. A buzzing-rattle. It stopped. She sat up and looked around. It started again. She got up and walked to her desk. Behind the mountain of paper, her pager was trying to walk off the desk. She snatched it up and looked at the number. 888. Shit. She was just reaching for the phone when it rang.
“Lewis?”
“Syd, it’s Jack. Thought I might find you there. Our shooter is at it again. Only this time he’s blowing them up. We’re going to Vegas. The car that blew up there yesterday has been claimed by our guy. I want you and your crew ready to go as soon as possible. Same departure point. How long do you need?”
“An hour?” She hoped.
“Take an hour and a half; I’m driving in from the beach. Have somebody grab my jump-bag out of my office, will you? I’ll meet you on the tarmac.”
“Okay, Jack, anything else?” She was already scribbling out a list.
“No, I’m sure I’ll think of something as soon as I hang up, but just get your people ready for now. I’ll see you in about an hour.”
“Okay,” she told a dead phone. He had already hung up. A car blew up in Las Vegas yesterday?
*    *    *
Fifteen minutes later she was going over the equipment with her crew. She had her print kit out and was inventorying the contents.
First her powders. She carried the normal black, gray and white plus a couple of exotics; colors she found to work better on certain materials and surfaces. A red and an orange/yellow shade she found worked best on fiberglass. Then there were the fluorescents. They were used for difficult or multicolored surfaces. A fluorescent powder only showed results under ALS (Alternative Light Source) or ultraviolet light. Depending on which she was using, she would need some special goggles to go with them. She confirmed the lights were in their cases and stowed properly. Under the fluorescent powders were the magnetic powders, they required special brushes and wands.
Lifting tape. She had several sizes and types. These were usually wide and had low-tack adhesive strips that were not effected by oils and most chemicals. Based on the information they had so far, she decided to double her inventory. Sydney preferred to use tape that had the card and tape combined into one unit. Since black was the color most often used, she had mostly white cards. She was always careful to take cards for every color, just in case.
Next were the rubber lifters. They worked well at pulling prints from uneven or curved surfaces. Silly Putty, it was better than tape. The problem was the print was then shown in reverse. So the print would then have to be re-lifted or photographed, and then flipped back to its original orientation. What they needed was a transparent lifter they always joked. Such an item would be impossible.
Brushes. Prints were delicate and required a gentle hand. Sydney was picky about her brushes. She checked them all—fiberglass, feather, natural bristle. She needed a new camel hair, but there was no time. The Las Vegas crew was headed by an old classmate. She would steal one from her.
Printing ink. Although she was sure the deceased had been printed already, she still inspected her rollers and made sure she had plenty of standard ten-finger cards.
She next cracked her camera cases. She had four. One a special print camera, the second a standard 35 millimeter with all the bells and whistles, the third was a high resolution digital that she had grown to love and the fourth her trusty Polaroid. All had new batteries, extra film or memory cards. Since the scene had been worked already, and the vehicle and bodies all removed, she elected to leave the video camera behind. The plane could only hold so much.
She had thrown some Petri dishes in the bag last week when they returned from Florida. She placed those over items or prints she couldn’t move yet, but were threatened by the elements. They also worked to keep people from stepping in the wrong spots. She threw some rubber bands around them to keep her kit tidy.
The rest of the box contained casting and molding supplies, mixing containers and distilled water. A small man’s shaving kit held her tweezers, chopsticks and other manipulating tools. She checked her iodine, silver nitrate, rulers, Sharpies, protractors, sketching materials, numbering markers and another small bag holding her cyano products. These were chemical print-developers that they used to fume the prints. Usually she used them in the lab, but every once in a while it was necessary to do it on scene. She also carried the portable containment unit.
The next bag contained items she hoped she never had to use. Her PPE, or Personal Protective Equipment: a one piece zip-up suit with a hood and built-in booties. It was made by Dupont out of Tyvec. The same stuff they used to wrap houses in to windproof them. Worn with a mask and gloves, it would protect her if she had to deal with any hazardous materials at a crime scene. It also made her look like a cross between the Pillsbury Dough Boy and the Michelin Man. She hated the thing and felt like she sweated off twenty pounds every time she wore it.
Next came her flashlights. The regular one she always had on her belt with UV, red, and blue lenses. These she kept in a roll-up kit she had bought at Sears that was originally designed for a set of wrenches. She also loaded her personal headlamp, something the bureau did not supply.
Her trace evidence kit was next. She raised her evidence vacuum over her head to keep it clean as possible and powered it on. The batteries were good and she had extras. The filters were there and still sealed. She gently shook a new box of slides. Everything sounded intact. The envelopes, bindle paper, bottles, paper bags, plastic bags and boxes had all been restocked. Another bag revealed a variety of cutting implements: a saw, several knives, pairs of scissors and a small electric drill.
The only thing she didn’t open was the file box containing the forms. They had forms for everything. She had gotten tired of worrying about forms, and just obtained a box that would hold enough for fifty cases, one less worry.
“Syd?”
She looked up. The rest of her team had been watching for ten minutes.
“Everybody ready?” She got several nods. “Let’s roll.” She slammed the back gate on the Suburban and hopped into the passenger seat. It was about twenty minutes to the airfield.
—THIRTEEN—
The state of Illinois holds 43,418 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 29,090 are repeat offenders.


“What are you thinking?”
Jack looked at Sydney from across the cabin. He had just split up the assignments to his crew and they all had their faces buried in paper. She had that pouty look on her face that she unconsciously adopted when she was puzzled by what she was reading. She had a pile of photographs from the scene in her lap, and was now looking at a map.
Sydney looked up at him and screwed her mouth into a frown.
“I can’t really say for sure, but I think your professional shooter isn’t a professional bomber.”
Jack sat up. “Why do you say that?”
“I’m looking at this.” She held out a preliminary report from the Vegas office. “It’s a list of the bomb material found at the site so far. It shows batteries, wire, and some electronics that they traced to a commercial radio control unit. Servos used for model planes. The explosive is C-3 H-5 O-3, that’s regular old dynamite, sold at hundreds of locations in that part of the country to anyone with a valid driver’s license. So far nothing jumps out at me. The hard part of bombing is obtaining the materials, not making it. There are instructions all over the internet. This one shows signs of being homemade and fairly crude.”
“So what’s the problem?” Jack did not see where she was going with this.
“This.” She held up the map. “Bombers are like arsonists, or people who tamper with over-the-counter drugs. They’re basically indiscriminate killers. Even if they’re going after a specific target like our boy is, they’re usually willing to include unknown numbers of bystanders to reach their goal.”
Jack was still confused. “Well, there were three other people in the car.”
“True, but look at it this way. Our guy had to have placed the bomb sometime before he triggered it, maybe a day, maybe a week, right? So this bomb is what we call a command detonated device. He triggered it from a remote location exactly when and where he wanted it to blow. Did the hotel cameras catch anything involving the car?”
“Hotel security showed the car was parked in its VIP section and was under camera surveillance the whole time it was there. Vegas P.D. reviewed the tapes. Nobody, outside valets and the victim’s people, were seen near it from the time they checked in. The car did leave the garage at the MGM on several occasions.” Jack searched for the printout. “Says once Thursday night, once Friday morning, and again Friday night after the fight. Plus the final drive to the airport. That’s all the hotel log says. Why?”
“Let’s assume for a moment that our guy had the bomb in place for a few days prior to the fight. He had to have his target under some type of surveillance so he knew when to trigger. I mean look at this. The report says the bomb was under the passenger seat and his crew says he always sat up front, he didn’t like riding in the back. The bomber knew just where to place it.”
Jack scoffed. “Like it mattered, Syd. The whole car was destroyed.”
“Exactly, that’s the other thing that makes me think he’s not a professional bomber. He used too much explosive. If he was more familiar with what he was doing, he would know that placement would not be a factor with the amount he was using.” Sydney searched through the stack of documents in front of her. Larry put down his notebook and listened from across the plane.
“Look at this.” Sydney was putting her argument together as she spoke. “The lab estimates he used three to four sticks of dynamite, More than enough. But what really gets me is this.” She held up an aerial photo of the bomb site. “The site our bomber used was a construction site; vacant land on one side, a concrete barrier on the other, a boulevard with the nearest traffic separated by the construction. The truck driver says the car was a good fifty yards in front of him when it blew. He doesn’t remember any cars in front of the victim’s. Plus the bomber did it on a Saturday morning, one of the lightest traffic days, and no road workers present. I think our bomber has a conscience. I think he was unsure of the strength of his device, so he plants it under his target and chooses this spot to detonate to prevent bystanders from being hurt.”
The plane fell silent as they all looked for holes in her theory. Jack couldn’t see any, and he had to admit that she might be right. His thoughts were interrupted by the fax machine. Larry stretched out his body to reach for the paper and promptly spilled coffee on his pants. He read as he dabbed at the spill.
Jack looked from the map to the photos and the lab report. “If you’re right, our guy had to be watching from somewhere. The hotels and casinos are full of cameras; somebody has a picture of this guy. Larry, call the Vegas P.D. and see if they can pull any tape of our guys gambling. Ask his crew where they played and get film from those places too. Start with the MGM. Oh yeah, pull the fight tapes, too. Maybe our guy was there. Larry?”
Jack looked up at Larry. He was reading the fax with a frown.
“You’re not gonna like this, Jack.” Larry held out the printout.
Jack took it and examined the cover page. It was from the Documents Department at FBI headquarters. He slowly read the second page and sat back with a sigh.
“What is it, Jack?” Sydney asked.
“Our guy left the same message as he did in Florida.”
“Yeah, I know.”
“He didn’t copy it on a machine as we first thought. He wrote it all out again by hand. Documents just proved that it’s the same writer.” Jack shook his head. If it was in admiration or disgust, they couldn’t tell.
“So?” It was Sydney’s turn to be confused.
“He knows that people may try to copy him for their own goals when the word leaks out, and he’s using the handwritten messages to prove the work is his. He wants us to get his message without interference.”
“So we just hope that it doesn’t leak?” Sydney asked. “I don’t understand. I would think he would want it to go public eventually. Draw all the attention he could get to his cause.”
“Yeah, it’s gonna leak sooner or later. If it doesn’t he’ll make it.”
Larry cleared his throat. “Uh, Jack?”
Jack looked over at him.
“You might want to look at the next page.”
Jack picked up the fax again and flipped to the next page.
“Damn it!”
*    *    *
“They won’t hold it?” Jack was on the secure phone to his boss.
“Are you kidding, if it was just one paper, maybe for a day or two, but three major papers? No way. They’re running with it tonight on the networks, and promising full articles with the letter published also. We can’t stop them, Jack. Article One, perhaps you’ve heard of it?” Deacon was not pleased, but he knew when he was beat. “At least they honored the policy. We have the letters in the lab. You have what the documents people turned up. The initial report looks like no prints. Postmark is Vegas, and it came via Fed-Ex overnight. The Post and Times letters had copies of newspaper articles just like the last letter, but the Orlando Sentinel did not. I think our man added them to his mailing list at the last minute. We’re concentrating on that letter first. It was addressed to the reporter that caught your ugly face at the scene. He put it together. Well, sort of. Let’s just say that he knows what he doesn’t know. His name is Danny Drake. Unfortunately, he wasn’t familiar with procedures on receiving a letter like that. A half dozen people handled it before his editor called us. The Orlando office is printing those people now. By the way, this Drake guy is on his way to Vegas. Our print guy saw his ticket sticking out of his pocket.”
“Great. This letter is just gonna stir up trouble, sir, it’d be nice if they would wait to print.” Jack knew his job had just gotten a lot more difficult. The case would become a media event and he would have to address the press just to keep them from inventing the story. Jack realized the importance of a free press, but today’s tabloid journalist often tried his patience. They had made both his investigation and his personal life difficult in the past. He was not looking forward to his wife’s reaction to reporters on the front lawn again. He put that aside for now.
“Documents tells us all three letters came from the same guy, Jack. He’s signing his work.” Deacon was steering the conversation away from the press issue.
“Yeah, we picked up on that too. If we tell the press that and they print it, it may help discourage copycats. What do you think?” Jack rolled with it.
“I think it’s too early. We need more information on this guy. I’d like some information that could determine if he has help or not, also, if this is a smoke screen. What if he’s doing this just to hide his real target in a group? So far it’s just been two guys with plenty of enemies. They may even have a connection between them. This gang leader had some big lawyers in his pocket. I’m sure some of them knew or even worked with Addicot.”
“Yes, sir, I’ve got Dave working that angle with his crew. Sydney keyed in on something.” He smiled across the plane when her head snapped around. She glared at him. “She thinks our guy is new to bombing.” He went on to explain her theory.
“She may be right, certainly something to keep in mind. I have to go, Jack. The Director wants to hear what we have, and the press secretary needs to be briefed. You’re under the scope now, Jack, do us proud.” Deacon hung up.
“Yes, sir,” Jack said to himself. He looked up in time to see Larry down a fistful of antacid. It wasn’t a good sign, but Jack couldn’t really blame him. The plane’s nose dropped as they descended toward Vegas. At least it was warmer than DC.
“Can I get some of those, Larry?”
*    *    *
DVR was the best invention ever made, Paul decided. He was watching one channel while recording two others. He had watched the coverage of yesterday’s bombing in Vegas. The talking heads and their resident experts had dubbed it a move by an opposing gang, or possibly a strike from inside the victim’s own organization. Only one network had gone on and given the viewers a brief biography of the man. Not a very favorable one. In the end, the story was reported briefly and then they moved on to the next piece of news for the day, usually another crime or some celebrity dirt. It was amazing what the media deemed important. That all changed when the letters reached the papers and were shared with their affiliate parent companies. It was the top story tonight and now Paul could see repeat tape of the scene in Florida on one channel, while the other had shots of the bomb site in Vegas. Sections of the letter were read, but the copy was not shown.
“Thank you, FBI!” Paul said as he turned up the volume.
He watched until all the networks had moved on to another subject. He would try to catch the evening political talk shows. That was where they hoped to really get peoples’ attention. The host would interview Senators and Congressmen and hammer them on the subject. Paul thought their goal would ultimately be won or lost there. He picked up the remote and consulted his TV guide. After programming in all the shows he wished to record for Sam, he got up and headed out to his garage. He had work to do.
Paul was a handy guy. Good with his hands and the possessor of an analytical mind. As a result, he could make all kinds of things. Such a man was usually the owner of a vast quantity of tools and Paul was no exception. Today he had a project that required some skill.
Out in the barn, Paul pulled a small box from under a workbench. Inside he had a disassembled Ruger .22 semi-automatic pistol with a blued finish and wood grip. He picked up the barrel and moved to his metal lathe. Sam had told Paul specifically about his choice of .22, and Paul saw the wisdom of it when he looked it up on the internet. The Ruger MK-678 was a small, easily concealed weapon, that had one important difference over its competitors; it came with a 6-7/8" barrel that was round. This allowed the modifications that Sam needed done to be made with much less difficulty. Paul had removed the front sight yesterday, and now the barrel was ready to be turned.
Paul set the barrel on the lathe and performed his usual one-minute search for the chuck key. After tightening the chuck down on the barrel just enough to hold it in place, he slid the tail-stock up to meet the business end of the barrel. The tail-stock held a centering fixture he had machined up yesterday to fit the barrel. This was necessary to accomplish two things. It would hold the barrel perfectly straight, yet also provide enough clearance for the tool to machine the very end. He then produced a dial indicator and set the magnetic base on the tool rest. The needle was rested against the barrel and he turned the lathe by hand and gently tightened the chuck until the needle no longer moved with each spin. The tail-stock was then tightened down and the barrel once again spun a full 360 degrees. The needle remained in place. Paul was now ready to turn.
He powered up the lathe and adjusted the RPM to the appropriate speed. Another pause while he located his bottle of turning oil and a set of safety glasses that weren’t too scratched up. Paul quickly had the barrel turned down to a diameter of .600. He rotated the tool rest and proceeded more slowly to a diameter of .500. He paused to let the metal cool and got himself a drink. The smoke from the oil cooking on the hot metal always made him a little nauseous. Paul looked over his work while sipping a Coke. He was ruining this barrel for accuracy, but then again range would not be a real problem. Sam had called it a “Hush Puppy.” Like the shoemaker. Said they had been used in Vietnam to silence dogs. Well, his would be a crude copy based on a sketch Sam had made and Paul had refined. The principles were the same. Paul understood what he was making. It was just his first time.
After making some careful adjustments to the lathe and consulting his old machinist handbook, he began a series of turns to place threads on the barrel. Half-sixteen threads; they had to be perfect in relation to the bore. If the angle was off, even just a little, it was time for a new barrel. Paul took his time and checked the needle gauge after every pass. When he felt he was deep enough he turned off the lathe and blew the barrel clean with an air hose. The barrel showed a shiny set of threads from the tip back about three-fourths of an inch. He adjusted the RPMs to a very slow speed and picked up a rat-tail file. With the barrel turning he applied gentle pressure to the first two threads. After a few passes, he again blew the barrel clean. Now for the moment of truth. He pulled a thread gauge out from his tool box and slid back the tail-stock. The gauge went on the threads perfectly and spun with moderate resistance until it bottomed out at the end. Paul jiggled the gauge. No movement. The threads were perfect. He removed the barrel from the chuck and took it to his parts washer. After a thorough rinsing, he again blew it clean with his air hose. Looked good. If he could, Paul would have shown it to his amateur machinist buddies. But that wasn’t really an option. Besides, he was only half done. He applied a coat of oil to keep it from rusting and set it aside.
Under the bench, he found a second box with some objects wrapped in the pink-red rags he used in the garage. They were slightly wet with oil to protect the pieces from rust. Paul unrolled a six-inch long steel tube from the rags and another of loose parts. The tube showed a 3/8 inch hole in one end while the other had a hole tapped for half-inch fine threads. This end also had a knurled finish on it for about an inch. Paul gripped the knurled end and spun the cap off the tube. The cap was so finely machined you couldn’t see the seam at the end of the knurled section. The cap spun loose slowly as Paul could not afford to drop it and damage the threads. Once the cap was off, he set it aside and reached for the pile of parts he had laid out. The parts were simple, and Paul was proud of his design. By using pre-manufactured parts, he had made the job both easier and elegant. All engineers loved simple, clever solutions to such problems, and he was no exception. Paul had purchased a length of 3/4 inch stainless steel hydraulic tubing, and a pile of 3/4 to 3/8 reducer bushings from a local supplier. After turning the inside diameter of the steel tube to fit the outside diameter of the tubing down to a slip fit tolerance, he’d then cut the tubing to lengths that allowed him to use them as spacers between the reducer bushings. By sliding the reducers down the steel tubing and placing a spacer between each one, Paul created a series of cone shaped chambers within the tube with a 3/8 inch hole still running down the center. The last inch was taken up by a heavy spring. When the end-cap was screwed down, the spring was compressed and everything was held firmly in place.
Paul held the assembled silencer up to the light. He could see clearly down the tube. The hole was straight as an arrow and allowed just enough clearance for a .22 round. He walked it over to the bench with the barrel. The two pieces slid together perfectly. This time he looked down both the barrel and the tube and was pleased to see the two were in perfect alignment. Pulling them apart he reassembled the pistol and applied the silencer before holding it out at arms length. It was heavy. Paul had a hard time keeping a sight picture on the gas can in the corner. But then there was no sight in the front anymore. Maybe he could tack one on the end of the silencer? That might get caught on clothing. Did Sam even need one? He would have to ask him next time he called. Paul walked to the basement and opened the locked door on his office. He extracted a box of .22 subsonic rounds from his bottom desk drawer, and then went upstairs and out into the back yard. He sat down on the picnic table and loaded a five round clip. After ratcheting the slide back to load a shell, he aimed out into the wood-line, extended the pistol to arm’s length and turned his head away. He trusted his work, but you never knew. His finger slowly squeezed off a round. The sound was not what he expected. Instead of the chirp noise he had heard in the movies, he heard more of a cough. Like a man sneezing loudly into a handkerchief. Looking at the pistol, he saw that the slide had returned, and there was now another round in the chamber. Switching to a two-hand grip he squeezed off the other four rounds, same noise as before, no louder or softer. Good. It worked just as Sam said it would. The baffles created by the bushings and spacers trapped the expanding gases leaving the barrel. This, and the round being sub-sonic, drastically reduced the noise created by the shot. Sam said they could quiet it even more if they added a lock to the slide, preventing it from moving during the shot. Doing so would require the lock to be disengaged, the slide worked by hand, and the lock then re-engaged between each shot. Something they’d decided was too time consuming.
Paul checked his watch. The sun was going down, and his butt was getting cold. He policed his brass up off the snow and stowed it in a pocket. It was time for something to eat. But first he went back to the barn to clean and oil his new creation.
—FOURTEEN—
The state of Indiana holds 23,069 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 15,474 are repeat offenders.


“Sydney Lewis! How the hell are ya?” She threw her arms open for a hug. Stacie Shaw was from Tennessee, you only had to hear her speak to know. Despite her higher education and years in Las Vegas, she still had a strong accent.
Sydney couldn’t help but smile as she was wrapped up in her friend’s arms. She and Stacie had been in school together back in Tennessee. Sydney was three years her junior when Stacie took a shine to her and helped her through some rough spots. As a result, they had formed a solid friendship, and kept in touch. Now they had their first chance to actually work together on a real case.
Stacie held her friend at arm’s length and looked her over.
“Don’t you eat, girl? Skinny as when I saw you last. Who do I have to do to get my own plane? Must be nice. Wanna see the car? Where’s Jack?”
Sydney’s grin got wider. Stacie’s method of rapid talk with equally rapid changes in topic threw off most people. The best way to deal with it was just to dive in and try to keep up.
“Jack’s talking to your boss. Not my plane, belongs to the Deputy Director. You have the car here?” she replied.
“Sure, still gift-wrapped so-to-speak. Real mess your boy made. We still have people out at the scene cleaning it up. It’s out in the barn. Follow me people!” Sydney’s crew picked up their bags and followed as ordered.
The barn turned out to be a large garage at the rear of the facility with an overabundance of white light and a spotless floor. In the middle of the room sat a large somewhat car-shaped object wrapped in layers of clear packaging wrap. Off to one side were five orange barrels, similarly wrapped. The door on the other side opened, and several people emerged as they walked into the room. They lined up like opposing football teams. Sydney caught a few looks she recognized.
“My crew.” Stacie proclaimed with a sweep of her arm. Her people proceeded to make self introductions all around. Most were friendly, some not. Sydney couldn’t blame them. Nobody liked their territory stepped on. It made her think of what Stacie must be thinking. She decided to defuse the whole situation.
“Well.” Stacie looked at her. “Where do you want to start?”
“Stacie, this is your ground. We’re just here to assist and tie it in with what we have from the Florida shooting. We start from wherever you think is best.” Sydney gave her friend a look.
Stacie smiled. Sydney wasn’t going to embarrass her in front of her crew. She would do the same for Sydney.
“Okay, let’s pair your people up with mine and open our presents.” She then split the crews, divided the work, and soon everyone was busy.
“Coffee?” Stacie asked ten minutes later. She cocked her head toward her office.
“Sure.”
Once she had her friend inside and the door closed, Stacie was back in friend mode.
“I will thank you now for not taking over. Some of my people were a little put off by you coming here. You are a class-act, girl. How’s Jack, has he still got that nice ass I seem to remember?” Stacie flopped in her chair and pulled out the bottom drawer of her desk to hold up her feet.
Sydney dropped into the only other chair. She knew this was coming.
“Thank you, I wouldn’t dream of stepping on your head and Jack’s ass is no longer mine to worry about.”
“Are you telling me you don’t keep track?”
Sydney hesitated, “I believe everything is in its place.”
“Ha!” Stacie pointed. “I knew it. I will of course verify this information when I see him myself. Working together okay?”
“Yes, he takes care of all his people, but I’m a little worried about him on this one. The pressure is on now that it’s gone public and he can’t afford for me to miss anything. We have to really nail this down.”
“Don’t you worry, girl, my people are top-notch. They might be a little tired at the moment because I’ve had them working the scene for the past two days. The scene sucked as far as weather conditions. The open area to the south across the airport really let the wind do its thing. We dished the stuff we could see as quickly as we could. I had them use a grid that was tighter than usual. I’m considering having the concrete barriers brought in so they can open the road back up. I also found some pieces stuck in a sign, so that’s coming in. Other than that, it looks like a minefield of Petri dishes, a hole in the road, and some fire and shrapnel damage. Bombs. I hate ’em, lots of dust, a ton of chemistry to run, scene degradation, body parts, just a damn mess. It’ll be weeks before we have everything done.”
“Jack just needs the highlights. Something to connect your bomber with our shooter, other than the letter, would make his day. Any ideas?”
“Nothing off hand. Your guy likes cars, both of the victims done in the car, strange fetish?”
Sydney thought about that. The cars, nobody had even brought that up before. Could that have something to do with it? She doubted it, but it was worth mentioning to Jack.
“Who knows?” She sighed. “Should we go pitch in and make sure the kids are playing nice together?”
“You always did like to get dirty.” Stacie tossed her a box of gloves. “Bodies or car?”
“Bodies.”
*    *    *
Sam rubbed his freshly shaven jaw as he drove steadily west at the posted limit. It had been some time since he had been in the open desert, and he missed it. He was looking for a place to accomplish a few necessary things, things that were necessary before his next destination. With hundreds of miles of desert around, he just needed the right spot and a little privacy. He slowed to check out the next dirt road, just a rut through the desert, leading off north-west into hilly terrain. It was the fourth such road he had encountered. This one showed no recent tracks. The on-line weather site had reported no rain in the area for weeks. A good sign this might be it. Sam checked his rearview for any cars that might see him pull off. Negative, he was the only car in sight. The road led fairly straight away from the highway for about two miles before he entered some hills and it began to wind and deteriorate. The rental Jeep did just fine in the sand, spinning the tires only once. Sam kept an eye on the surrounding area. No sign of motorcycles or other off-road toys. He was quite some distance away from the nearest town. He hoped people did not come out this far to play. The road meandered for another three miles before ending in a washout. The two-foot drop into the soft sand convinced him he could go no further. He exited the Jeep to look around. It was in sort of a natural amphitheater, with hills on three sides, and miles of desert off to the north out the open end. Sam consulted his map and pulled out his Garmin GPS, a gift from his wife two years ago. The Garmin confirmed what he already knew. He was in the middle of nowhere. At least with the GPS he knew exactly where in the middle he was. Sam looked around and smiled. It was not only perfect for what he needed, he found it gorgeous. Sam reached into the backseat of the Jeep and pulled out his camelback, a hat, and some Chapstick. He slathered on some sunblock for Dr. Maher before grabbing his sunglasses. After locking the Jeep behind him, he set off in the direction he had come, skirting the road by fifty meters or so. He watched for snakes while examining the brush and cactus.
After a mile, he left the road and began climbing the hillside. Proceeding at a slow pace, keeping his head up and ears tuned to his surroundings, he planned to circle the area to rule out any company that might be drawn to the noise. As he moved, his training automatically kicked in, and he was confident that he would see or hear anyone before they heard him. Sam paused long enough to test his climbing skills on a boulder. To get a better view, he told himself. On the second ridge he stopped for a few minutes to watch a lizard watch him. The outdoors had been Sam’s element in his younger days and he was enjoying this. He walked slowly, taking his time, pausing at regular intervals to look and listen. As he topped the last ridge, a hawk fell out of the sky after some prey. Sam checked through the binoculars, but the predator was out of sight in the brush.
“At least I’m not the only one out here,” Sam voiced.
After an hour, Sam was convinced this was the place. He opened the back of the Jeep and pulled out the pistol first. A Browning BDM 9mm, same as he had at home, only this one had the marks of a file on the slide and frame. Paul had managed to find three fifteen-round clips somewhere, they were more expensive these days thanks to President Clinton, but no harder to find really. Sam loaded a clip and tucked the automatic into the small of his back with one practiced fluid motion. Next, he pulled out some targets and a couple of three-foot stakes. He placed the stakes about ten feet apart and pounded them in with a good-sized rock. The string was strung taut between the stakes and the targets hung. Zeroing targets. The rifles were new to him and he needed to get acquainted with them. Both were his favorite Remington 700 in .308 caliber with 3x9 variable scopes. One was in a satin finish, which might reflect light, but that couldn’t be helped according to Paul. That shouldn’t matter at the next stop, as long as it was accurate enough. The next shot was a long one, and Sam needed a good weapon and all his skill to pull it off. He pocketed a box of rounds and walked into the sun for fifty meters. He sipped from the camelback as he surveyed the makeshift rifle range. A far cry from the thousand-meter range at Ft. Bragg, but it would do. He pulled three foot-long sticks out of the bag and tied them together two inches from the end with some more string. He then spread the other ends out and planted them in the ground to serve as a rest. The binoculars went on the ground next to the tripod. Sam estimated he was about five feet higher than his target. One last look up the road and he dropped into a prone position with the first rifle. He squeezed off three rounds and checked his target. Low and left. After counting the squares, he adjusted the scope. Three more rounds. Level and left. Another adjustment. Three more and all were in the center-black. A nice dime size group in a pyramid shape.
“Like riding a bike.” Sam smiled to himself.
He carefully set the rifle aside, rose, and picked up all his brass. He then checked the road again. All clear. Back on his belly with the satin rifle. Three rounds and Sam knew there was a problem. While his group was tight with the first rifle, it was bigger with this one. Nickel-size rather than dime. He adjusted the scope to bring him up and fired another group. The adjustment had him level and off to the right as he wanted, but the group was still large. Perhaps the barrel was not bedded properly, or the rifle had suffered a fall? He fired his last group and outlined the V-ring. Sam was disappointed. The rifle was good for anything under five-hundred meters, but he would not trust it beyond that. It might improve if he had some match-grade ammunition, but that was a luxury that he did not have. He rose and checked the crowning of the barrel. Looked okay to him. He replaced the rifle back in its case and picked up all his brass. The matte rifle and the tripod he then carried to the one-hundred meter mark. He again set up as before, and fired three groups of three at his remaining targets. When he was done, he had a dime size group about one inch above the V-ring on all targets. This rifle was ready. He proceeded to pick up all his brass, and erase any signs of his presence from the ground. On returning to the Jeep, he carefully wiped down and packed the rifles in their cases. All the brass he placed in a shopping bag. There was one target left. Sam took up a standing position ten meters away, and placed a series of double-taps into the target till the slide locked back. Chest-Head, Chest-Head. The pistol was fine, a little heavier trigger-pull than his own at home, but not enough to throw him off. He didn’t plan on using it anyway. If he needed it in the coming days it meant he had made a mistake. Sam was not one to make mistakes, but he knew it was better to be prepared. His old scoutmaster, Mr. Rutz, would be proud, he thought.
Twenty minutes later Sam started the Jeep. The brass, targets, string and stakes were all on the seat next to him, along with a folding shovel. He had noticed a good place to bury them on the walk up the road. He had about four hours of daylight left but still waited for a snake to clear his path before he started out.
—FIFTEEN—
The state of Iowa holds 8,546 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 5,725 are repeat offenders.


His name was Leonard Ping. Of all the names that had made the list, his was never far from the top. Ping was a serial killer charged with twelve murders that had taken place over nineteen years ago. The fact that he had yet to be found guilty of any of them made Sam’s blood boil. He was currently awaiting trial in Orange County, California, as he had been for the past seven years. There was no real end in sight.
The envelope Sam had in his suitcase was thick with articles and clippings covering Ping’s years of thwarting the justice system. Paul had wanted to just include the highlights, but Sam had insisted on including it all to show the sheer volume and expanse the system had allowed itself to be manipulated by this murderer of children. Sam had remembered being disgusted years ago when he had first heard of the case. The years of waiting must have been torture for the families.
Ping, born of a Hong Kong businessman and an American interpreter, was raised in a strict household and wanted for little. His father ruled with an iron hand, and Ping frequently suffered from his lack of patience. After high school, he escaped his family’s home in San Francisco and attended the University of Georgia to study biology. Pets were his only friends growing up and Ping thought he might become a veterinarian. But the south was not kind to him. Small in stature and lacking any assertiveness, he was a loner. His grades dropped and he was forced to drop out. Deeming him a failure and embarrassment to the family, his father refused to allow him home, so Ping found himself cut off and alone. With few options, Ping joined the Army, and was assigned to an infantry division as a cook. The blatant deference to authority did not mesh with Ping’s developing rebellious nature, and he was often the subject of discipline from his superiors. Within a year Ping was charged, along with two other misfit soldiers, for raiding a motor pool. Rather than face a court-martial, he fled to California. His mother supported him for some time until his father discovered it and cut off the funds. At this point Ping turned to growing and dealing drugs at the small cabin he had acquired in the mountains of northern California. Here Ping drew into himself and had less and less contact with the outside world. He began digging tunnels and rooms from the basement of the cabin, mostly to grow marijuana. Except for one room.
In this room Ping brought his victims: individual women, whole families. He took advantage of the opportunities that presented, and spent as little time as possible away from his cabin. The women he used for sex, often videotaping the encounter. Some lasted for weeks, some for no more than a day. Already a prolific digger, Ping buried the bodies of his victims in the hills surrounding the cabin. Ping did not trust his own memory as to the location of the numerous sites, and wanted to avoid digging twice, so he kept a detailed map. The children were simply buried with the parents. This went on for more than two years.
A pair of hikers and their dog were credited for ending the killings. When the dog brought them a shoe with a decomposing foot still inside, the hikers reported it to the police, who sent officers to investigate. Ping had long since purchased a police scanner, and was gone hours before the police arrived. Taking a large amount of cash and a hidden motorcycle, he fled to Canada. Eight months later he was jailed in Calgary for theft. Refusing to cooperate with Canadian authorities resulted in his prints being sent to the United States data base. Warrants had been issued for Ping on twelve counts of murder and numerous drug charges. In the Canadian prison, Ping’s intelligence began to show. If he had been charged with just the drug offenses, extradition would have been swift. However, the Canadian Government is reluctant to extradite people if there is a possibility they will be considered for the death penalty. On hearing this, Ping immersed himself in the prison library. With nothing else to do he became an accomplished jailhouse lawyer and managed to delay extradition for six years. Finally returned to California, he began a series of courtroom and jailhouse moves to delay his trial repeatedly. Ping often fired his court-appointed attorney when a trial date approached, and the judge was forced to grant the new lawyer time to review the case. This went on and on as the judge was forced, by the law, to bow to Ping’s motions. He had delayed a trial date twice since the beginning for the simplest of excuses, once for a claim of sickness, the other when he broke his glasses while in the holding cell. At last report the glasses were new, and Ping was back in the courtroom. It had been nineteen years since the killings. The state had spent over fourteen million dollars on the case so far. No trial date had been set. The families were still waiting for justice. With any luck, Sam would give it to them.
He couldn’t wait to see the new glasses.
*    *    *
Jack squinted into the desert sun. The scene of the explosion was hot and windy. The string grid was laid out over a fifty-square-yard area. Officers were slowly picking through the squares. The sun shone off the hundred or so Petri dishes placed to protect the evidence from the wind until it could be cataloged, photographed, and bagged. A technician in a nearby van entered the information into a computer as it left the scene. He would soon have a good picture of the scene, complete down to the last shard of metal.
“We’ve already uploaded the pieces we found so far to the Bomb Data Center. No hits yet, but we keep adding to it. The ATF Arson and Explosives Repository will wait till we’re done collecting. It’ll take some time. We still have to do full body X-rays on the last two bodies; the first two were full of metal. Some of it bomb making material.”
Jack turned to look at the Las Vegas Police Chief. A stocky man in a fight with his waistline, he had a reputation of being a hard man. Still sporting a Marine Corps haircut, he ran his department as if he was still in. He must be doing the job since had been in office for eight years. His people jumped when he spoke.
“Thanks, Chief. Appreciate the job your people are doing. I had no idea what a mess this is,” Jack said.
The Chief looked the scene over slowly. “That it is, haven’t seen a bomb site in awhile. Oh, we get kids playing with Molotov cocktails out in the desert, or the occasional redneck pipe bomb, but nothing like this. Reminds me of Beirut.”
Jack nodded in agreement. He had seen similar scenes. “Anything from the man’s crew?”
“Bastards kept their mouths shut at first. You could tell they had an idea who may have done it, and wanted to take care of business themselves. Claimed no knowledge of the guns in the trunk or on the bodies. Changed their tune when we told them about the claim in the paper, and gave me a history of their activities over the last few days. Nothing significant, just a weekend of fun centered around the fight on Friday night. I imagine there’ll be trouble for these boys in LA once they get back to town and start deciding who’s in charge now.”
Which will break the killer’s heart, Jack thought to himself. Smart. Turn them against each other. Something the Bureau did with mobsters when the opportunity rose. Not officially, of course.
He paused to watch a technician wrap a road sign in plastic before he pulled it from the ground. It had a least four holes in it that Jack could make out from this distance. The crews would pick up every piece of metal they could see, and then go over the area with metal detectors to get the rest. It would be days until they had it all, if they ever did.
“Did you get any film of the crowd, Chief?” Jack asked.
The Chief just grunted and led him off toward the van. He knocked on the side with the butt of his radio, and a young man with a spiked haircut opened the door. He slid a pair of headphones off and looked at the Chief. Loud rock could easily be heard.
“Yeah, Dad?”
Jack took in the unexpected sight of the young man. He looked as if he had just gotten out of high school and his hair held what looked to be a full tube of gel. An earring dangled from his ear and tattoos adorned both forearms. His small Police T-shirt was baggy, and his khaki pants needed an iron. He sat in front of a wall of electronic gear with an expensive laptop open in front of him. Jack turned to look at the Chief.
“My son, Eric,” the Chief explained. “Graduates from college next year. MIT. Computers are his thing. Takes after his mother,” he added.
“Hello, Eric, Jack Randall, FBI.” Jack stuck out his hand.
“Yes, sir!” Eric grabbed his hand and shook it aggressively. “I’m a fan. Russian mob case. I watched every minute. What can I do for you, sir?”
“He needs to see the film of the crowd that showed up at the scene,” the Chief prompted.
“Right, I have it right here. I gave your people a copy earlier.” Eric quickly replaced the scene map he was working on, and called up the video of the scene. Jack was disappointed by the number of faces he saw. Having Profit’s crew watch this for familiar faces would be a long shot at best. They could run it through the FBI’s facial recognition software to see if any felons were in the crowd, but the technology was still in the infant stages and not exactly reliable. But you never knew. Jack watched for a minute to be polite, and then thanked the boy and left as technicians were waiting to check in evidence.
Jack put his hands in his pockets and strolled back toward the scene. He was thinking about what Sydney had said. He turned his head to look toward the strip. Anywhere between here, he turned and looked at the airport, and there.
“Hey, Chief, how about a ride to the airport?”
*    *    *
“What’s the verdict, Tom?” Stacie asked the skinny man as she walked into his office.
Tom visibly jumped in his seat. Stacie’s voice was always at the maximum decibels she could produce. Something he was sure she did just to mess with him. He was a man who liked it quiet. Classical music at low volume was as far as he usually went. Most people in the department thought he became a pathologist because the patients didn’t speak.
He calmly removed his glasses and gave Stacie his usual answer; it was a little game they liked to play.
“They’re all dead,” he replied. His gaze fell on the young woman who had accompanied her. Her shirt read FBI. Must be her former protégé she had mentioned was coming. The woman stuck out her hand.
“Sydney Lewis, FBI.”
Tom nodded as he shook her hand. “Stacie’s friend. You’re working the bombing I understand?”
“Yes, can you tell us anything?”
“We have all the pieces matched up to their owners. The main target suffered the most damage, both from the initial blast, and the subsequent fire.” He pulled photos from a file. “As you can see here, massive skull fractures from impacting the roof. Axial loading broke the neck here and here. His legs were blown off, and the right knee showed teeth marks we matched to him; so his last act was to break his own jaw. We were able to ID from a past pair of broken ribs and some dental work. Take your pick on the rest of them. Blast trauma, penetrating shrapnel, and fire. No soot in anybody’s lungs. They were all killed instantly. I did find something interesting inside the backseat passengers’ torso. Follow me.”
Tom led them into the cutting room. The smell of burnt bodies hit them as they crossed the room. It was something you never got used to. The sights one saw at this job were bad enough, but with time people got over them. A sudden bad smell could still trigger a gag reflex, even in veteran workers. Sydney once had a paramedic partner who was a twenty-year veteran of the streets, but he was also the biggest sympathy puker she had ever seen. One day, while driving a patient to the hospital, she had looked in the mirror to see him and the patient sharing a wastebasket. She had teased him about it for months.
Tom led them to a bench where several items lay bagged in plastic. After a quick search, he picked up one and reached in with a pair of chopsticks. A small tubular metal ring emerged, and was placed under a lighted magnifying lens. He stepped aside and offered a look with no introduction. Sydney and Stacie literally bumped heads as they both leaned in to see. With a laugh, Stacie pushed her friend out of the way to see first.
“Can we trace the number?” she asked when she stepped back.
“I’m unsure just what it is,” Tom replied.
Sydney scrutinized the object under the lens. She knew. “It’s a radio tracking device, like the kind used on birds. You clamp it on one leg and it’s good for about four months. After that, the water weakens it until it releases itself. It’ll only tell you what direction the bird is in. No distance or altitude. This was in the body?”
“Yes, it appeared to have entered through the abdominal wall and lodged in the diaphragm. It was in the car at the time of the explosion.”
“You think it belonged to your bomber?” Stacie asked.
“I wouldn’t rule it out. Do you have someone who can trace it for me?”
“Sure, I’ll have it sent upstairs. Is this priority, Stacie?” Technically Stacie was not his boss, but they all knew she was running this show. He was surprised when she looked at her friend.
“Yes, have them put that in front.”
“You got it.” Tom reached for a chain of evidence form. Sydney and Stacie left with a stack of files to review.
—SIXTEEN—
The state of Kansas holds 9,132 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 6,118 are repeat offenders.


The Chief was frustrated, but trying not to show it. The last two hours had been spent wandering around the Las Vegas airport. They had walked the entire arrival and departure areas, spent some time watching the taxis and shuttle busses come and go, and eyeballed the rental car area. They now stood in the main lobby with a sea of tourist coming and going around them. At least airport security had noticed them, and they now had the shift supervisor in attendance. His name was Roger, and he wasn’t pleased about having a man with FBI in one-foot letters on his jacket wandering around.
“What’s he after, Chief?”
“I’m not sure, Roger, I was asked to extend him every courtesy, so I am.” He was watching Jack, who was standing twenty feet away, looking up at the ceiling of the terminal.
“Mr. Givens?” Jack called. “How long do you keep your security tapes?”
Roger walked over to where Jack was standing and looking in the direction of Jack’s gaze he saw the camera that monitored the main doors to the lower level.
“Since 9-11 we’re required to keep them for six months. We have a new system. It’s all digitally recorded, and we download twice a day. We store two months worth here, and the rest offsite at some storage facility.”
Jack thought about this. The bomber was obviously familiar with the road if Sydney’s theory was true. Tropicana Avenue was the main route from the airport to the Strip. What if our killer just did his job, and then went home on a plane? It would mean looking at hours of footage, and he wasn’t even sure of what they were looking for. Could he spare the manpower? He decided he would get it anyway. If they had some time later they could review it.
“I’m going to need all the footage from the day of the bombing. Say, an hour before and six hours post. Can you arrange that please?”
“Take a little time, but I’m sure we can accommodate that. The lobby cameras only?”
Jack looked at him. “No, the whole terminal.”
Roger bit his tongue, turned and walked toward his office. He shot a look to the Chief as he went by.
Jack watched him go for a moment, before turning to look over his shoulder. “Will you excuse me for a moment?” He quickly walked toward a man leaning against the wall across the terminal.
*    *    *
Oh shit, Danny thought. I’m busted.
Danny had been walking through the terminal on the way to claim his bag when he spotted Jack Randall, complete with FBI jacket and two officers in tow, walking right in front of him. He had followed at a distance for over an hour trying to remain unseen. Jack was spending a lot of time looking up at the ceiling. With his sunglasses and FBI jacket, Jack looked quite intimidating, and the crowd of tourists gave him a wide berth. He debated on getting some pictures when Jack suddenly left the officer with him, and walked directly at him. He’d also removed the sunglasses and had Danny fixed in his sights. It was too late to run.
“Mister Drake. Jack Randall.” Jack had his hand out.
Danny had no choice. He reached out and shook it. “Danny Drake. Guess you caught me.”
“Since gate 18.” Jack let the statement hang.
“So, is there anything you can tell me, or should I just go to hell?”
“Actually, I was wondering if you could tell me why our suspect decided to correspond with you?”
“To be honest, I have no idea. I’ve never written about Addicot, or this Profit character before. I just happen to get to the scene in Orlando first, lucky break,” Danny offered.
“Most good reporters make their own luck, Mr. Drake.”
“Maybe.”
“I was wondering if you and I might work together on this?”
“I don’t understand, work together how?”
“I need some help. My superiors tend to get...political...sometimes. A little sunshine from the press might serve to keep them on target so I can concentrate on my job.”
“I see.” Danny stalled while his mind raced to keep up. Jack was asking him to publish information that he would provide. Tricky.
“How do I know I won’t end up in jail?”
“I’ll give you the truth. If you help me out I’ll remember when this is all over.”
“An exclusive interview?”
“If that’s possible. I’m afraid I can’t promise anything.”
Danny nodded, he knew how that worked. Jack could be “a high ranking government official” in anything he wrote, so long as the information was true.
“I think I can make that happen.”
“Good, you do know what to do if you hear from him again don’t you?”
“Yes, I do now. And it’s Danny, please.”
Jack smiled at Danny’s nervousness. How would he handle this?
“Do you have a cell phone number?”
He wants my cell phone number? Danny’s mind raced. He’s FBI. He can get it any time he wants. Jack Randall was extending him an offer that he’d be stupid not to accept. What reporter wouldn’t want an FBI source like this guy? He quickly pulled out his notebook and scribbled his numbers out. Jack took it without looking at it.
“You have a nice day, Danny.” Jack turned and walked away.
“What the hell just happened?” Danny asked himself.
*    *    *
“So what do we have?” Jack had everyone assembled in the conference room at the Las Vegas Police Department. The room was crowded with the heads of the departments working the case, several technicians, the Chief, his son Eric, and all the Bureau people. Stacks of paper, files, photographs and laptops covered the large table. A large photo of the crime scene was tacked up on the wall next to a graphic representation. Those present had the look of the overworked. Eyes were red, clothes were rumpled, and posture was poor. That was to be expected. The crime was only two days old, and they had been at it nonstop.
When nobody stepped up to the plate, he looked at Sydney, who looked at Stacie. Stacie stood up so she could use her voice to full effect.
“Site’s a real mess.” She bellowed, waking the half dead among them. “We managed to extract everything as rapidly as we could, but the wind was fierce the last two days. Recovered most of the bomb-making material, but after fuming it we were only able to recover a partial thumb. It’s going through the database as we speak, but we’re not optimistic. Bodies have all been ID’d, and manner of death was no surprise. Fire did a real job on the car and it’s being set up to fume tomorrow. Our ordinance disposal people have looked it over, and they agree, this device was not very sophisticated. Looks like a simple battery pack and two servos connected to at least three detonators. We’re still recovering pieces from the site, but the boys put a drawing together of what it looked like before it was used, should be in your packets.” She paused for a breath while everyone dug into their files to see the bomb. “Best thing we have so far is the tracer. A small tracer was found in the body of the right-side rear passenger. We’ve identified it as the type used to track migratory birds. The things have numbers, and we were able to trace this one to a lot sold to a bird sanctuary in southwest Michigan, the Kellogg Bird Sanctuary to be exact. Yes, as in Corn Flakes. They reported a theft about two months ago. Locals wrote it up as vandalism, but we’ve sent the local FBI office to follow up. We’re also attempting to identify the maker of the servos, may have something in a day or two. Still cataloging fibers and other trace evidence, might have it all done by Christmas.” She flipped a few pages of notes. “That’s all for now. I give you Chief Williams.”
The Chief frowned at Stacie, and unlike her, chose to keep his seat. “Our boy Russell’s crew has chosen to keep their collective mouths shut. LAPD has a list of possibles a mile long. The man had quite a few enemies. Hotel staff reports nothing out of the ordinary and say Profit and his crew were regular guests there. They spent some time in the pit at the MGM, followed by a trip to Cheetahs Thursday night. Friday was the fight, followed by some more time at the craps tables at Caesar’s. Some evidence of drug use in the room, also some hardware found in the room for what that’s worth. Handguns. Believe it or not, everybody had a permit to carry. Hotel tapes show no unknowns on that floor. We’re still reviewing the tapes, but the time line is pretty solid, very few gaps. The only phone calls were to room service and the front desk. We’re pulling everyone’s cell phone records. Our resident gang expert sweated his informants. Nobody had any grudges against our victims, at least any they would admit. My guy will keep the pressure on, but his impression is this was not the result of anybody local. Fight footage shows nothing remarkable. No contact with any unknowns, no one watching our boy too close.” The Chief paused to adjust his seat. He flipped through his notebook for more points to cover. “Search of the room turned up no listening devices. Phones were clean. No cameras.” He looked up at Sydney. “That doesn’t help your theory.” He went on. “We’re also reviewing the staff and security personnel, but since they’re all checked prior to employment by the hotel and the gaming commission, I’m not optimistic. A long list, with not much to follow up on.” He looked at Jack. “We’ll forward anything we have to you as it comes up.” He flipped his notebook shut.
Sydney stood up and opened the file in her hand. “Overall picture is not pointing in any specific direction. Working on the theory that the target was under surveillance, we have yet to determine how. Video from the hotels is still under review. We also have film from airport security to look at.” She shot a frown at Jack. “Should take a few days. Pending that, we’re open to ideas.”
“Inside guy?” Jack asked.
“Negative.” Larry spoke up. “Got a call from Dave in LA The man’s crew has been with him for years, and all agencies deny having a man on the inside. He’s still going through a mountain of background. You know Dave, he’ll pick till he’s done. Till then, we wait.”
Jack tapped his pen on the table before he spoke. “Thanks everybody, some good work all around, looks like we wait for more. Until then, everybody get some sleep. We’ll pick it up tomorrow.” Jack rubbed his face, he needed a shave.
Sydney watched everybody file out, leaving piles of paper on the table. She caught Eric looking at her as he left. He shut the door behind him.
She turned to see Jack grinning at her. “Nothing like teenage hormones, huh, Syd?”
“Very funny. What is he, twelve?”
“Twenty-one actually, and taking a year off from MIT for some reason the Chief didn’t elaborate on. Genius IQ. I was quite impressed with his graphic of the scene. Weren’t you?”
“Yes,” she finally admitted. “Why, thinking of hiring him?” Sydney asked.
“Something tells me he wouldn’t get much done on your team,” Jack joked.
“Well, I’m at the stage where I’m happy they still look anymore.” She began to stack up the files.
Jack looked her over. She was as beautiful as when they had been in college. Sydney was a very smart and driven woman. Why she was still single he knew only too well. Despite her good looks and intelligence, she was married to her job. She liked bugs, and bullets, and dead bodies. Something most men had a problem with. He wasn’t sure what to say.
“I don’t believe that for a second,” Jack replied.
Sydney turned her head and looked at Jack. He still knew what she was thinking after all these years. Why hadn’t they stayed together? She had found herself asking that a lot in the last year. Someday they would have to have a conversation on the subject, but this was not the place.
“Thanks, Jack. Girl needs to hear that once in a while.” She picked up the stack of files. “I’m going to go back to the hotel and get something to eat. Following that, I plan to try to get through at least one file before using it for a pillow. Good luck with your phone call.” She smiled over her shoulder at him as she left the room.
“Thanks,” he replied. He wondered which call she meant, the one to the boss or the one to his wife.
—SEVENTEEN—
The state of Kentucky holds 16,622 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 11,136 are repeat offenders.


Sam sat on the steps of the courthouse with several other people enjoying their lunch. The weather was typical southern California; seventy degrees with mild humidity, and a slight wind out of the west that Sam watched by observing the decorative flags displayed around the square. He slowly worked on a yellow legal pad in his lap between bites from his deli sandwich. Several people around him were doing the same thing, most with a cell phone going at the same time. Dressed in a suit and sporting a briefcase, he blended right in.
Unlike his fellow lunch eaters, Sam was not deep into some legal document or planning his next courtroom strategy. The young paralegal next to him would probably have been shocked to learn that Sam was drawing a range card. A detailed sketch of the town square with the courthouse at the top center of the page. From his position, exactly twenty-two yards south by south-west of the side entrance to the building, Sam could see several possible positions he might utilize. He sketched in obstacles such as trees and bushes, power lines, and a fountain. He took counts of traffic, both pedestrian and motor. All of this went into notations at the bottom of the drawing. Wind direction and speed went on the margins. The angle of the sun and possible reflections were noted on a separate piece of paper, as well as possible dead space, space that would be behind cover from his vantage point. In the pictures he had seen when downloading the articles, he knew there would be protestors tomorrow. Some would be waving signs that might block his view. He looked down the square as he finished the last bite of his sandwich. Time to take a walk. He looked at his watch. On the side of the band was a small compass. Taking a bearing to the tall building he had first noticed when he sat down, he committed it to memory. With his head up and looking directly at his destination, Sam began walking down the street with a careful, measured stride, avoiding eye contact with other pedestrians. His size and facial expression cleared his path for him and he soon arrived at his goal. Sam turned and again using the compass, shot a reciprocal bearing back to the steps. He was left maybe a degree at the most, not enough to worry about. His pace count placed the range at 720 meters. Long, but not out of his range of skill.
He looked up at the old building. A five-story structure of brick and stone, it had caught his eye due to the scaffolding erected across the front. The first three floors had been sandblasted already, and more scaffolding was stacked close by to be added soon in order to reach the last two. Mortar repairs had been made and the windows had been replaced. The top floor had a debris chute emerging from a window and descending into a dumpster sitting on the sidewalk. A sign directed pedestrians to use the covered walkway in the parking lane. Workers sat on the scaffolding eating their lunch. One nodded to Sam from two stories up and he returned it before proceeding up the steps and into the building. No receptionist. He was instead greeted by a directory next to a phone, which listed the building occupants. Two floors of lawyers, the third housed an investment office and the top two were inhabited by a data systems management consulting firm. A word-perfect sign announced that the offices were currently vacant for remodeling, and provided a temporary address and phone number. The sign also apologized for the inconvenience, and thanked people for their patience.
“Oh no, thank you,” said Sam.
He turned to the one elevator on his right and pushed the call button. It arrived with a too-loud chime and the doors opened to reveal an empty interior. He quickly punched 4 and the door-close button. When he reached the fourth floor he was met by a copy of the sign below, only now stuck on the new drywall with blue masking tape. He could hear voices in both directions and smell fresh paint. Keeping the door open with one hand, he leaned out to gaze right and left. No one in sight. He looked for a sign indicating the stairs and saw it glowing through a piece of hanging plastic. Taking a chance, he left the elevator and proceeded to the exit. After helping the door close silently behind him, he ascended the stairs to the fifth floor. Listening at the door he heard nothing at all. Opening the door he saw only bare studs, hanging wires and stacked drywall. Plastic sheeting flapped in the breeze from the open windows. This floor was a few days away from the attention of the crew below. Sam resisted the urge to tour the floor based on the creaky floorboards and dusty conditions, so he withdrew to the stairwell. He descended the stairs to the ground floor. Here he discovered two doors, one an interior door with opaque glass, the other a steel exit door with a sign reading “Emergency Exit Only—Alarm Will Sound.” Sam pulled a small piece of sheet-magnet from his pocket. After a pause to listen for anyone approaching, he opened the exit door a few inches. Silence. With the construction going on and the windows removed, the alarm had been deactivated just as he had guessed. He peered out the small opening he had made to see a narrow alley that led off to the north. Traffic and pedestrians could be seen moving across the gap. He carefully placed the sheet-magnet over the metal plate that the latch fell into. He then shut the door. The magnet prevented the latch from catching. Sam pushed the door open and let it fall shut. The door had a good seal and there was minimal wind in the alley. It should stay shut without the latch holding it. The door could be pulled open until someone removed the magnet. Perfect. He left the stairwell and entered the alley. With a casual walk, he paced the distance to his second choice of perches. His first choice looked very promising, but a careful sniper always had a contingency plan. Sam was anything if not thorough. As he walked and counted, he was already forming a shopping list in his head.
*    *    *
The Home Depot, Paul’s favorite store, Sam remembered. He had spent every Christmas and birthday shopping here for his brother-in-law. Sam had to admit he enjoyed a trip there himself. It was a toy store for the adult American male, a place where the Tim Taylors of the world could indulge themselves. He walked with his cart out ahead of him, and nodded at the staff as he made his way across the concrete floor. He was sure he could quickly get everything on the list in his head. If Paul was here he could have told him what aisle each item was in from memory. Sam wandered toward the lighting department. He needed to see if something would fit as he hoped, or else come up with a new idea.
In the light aisle he discovered a large selection of fluorescent light bulbs. He found a package of eight that were just the right length for what he needed. They were in cardboard sleeves and shrink-wrapped with plastic. He carefully placed two cases in his cart. Now, with a game plan, Sam proceeded to acquire the remaining items on his mental list: a clipboard, a hard hat, black Magic Markers, a small stencil set, a pair of safety glasses and a glass cutter. He chose a tool box from a large selection and tried on a carpenter’s apron. Two bottles of Super Glue, black spray paint, a pair of gloves, a hammer and screwdriver, a razor knife, tape measure, a suction cup and several small bells went into the cart. He topped off the list with the ultimate tool—a roll of duct tape.
His next stop was a Wal-Mart. Here, he purchased a pair of jeans, T-shirt and flannel work shirt. He then found a pair of work boots that fit. When he paid, he puzzled the girl at the checkout by asking for a roll of pennies.
Back at his hotel room, Sam first pulled out the Super Glue. He had noticed that his last coat was flaking off. After removing the old coat from his fingers with a bottle of nail polish remover, he carefully applied a new coat. He then stepped out on the balcony for a few minutes to escape the fumes. They tended to set his stomach off. As he looked out over the city he fought the urge to wave his hands like his wife used to when she was applying nail polish. He always thought she looked silly.
When the glue was dry, he pulled out his legal pad and taped his range card on the mirror next to the map of the downtown area. As he unpacked his purchases, he consulted the map and drawing, committing them to memory. He next pulled the rifles from under the bed. After some careful measuring, he made a series of marks on the bulbs. Taking them into the bathtub, he scored the glass with the cutter. With the safety glasses on, he broke the bulbs as gently as he could. Some shattered regardless of the scoring, but enough survived to accomplish his goal. With sixteen intact ends, Sam stacked them to fit the box they came in, and bound them with the duct tape. He carefully taped one set in the end of the box. He then dropped a hotel towel in and followed that with the rifle. Another towel and he carefully slid the bulb ends into the box. Since the box did not come with a closed end, this was necessary. Sam hoisted the assembly to his shoulder and scrutinized himself in the mirror. Looked good. Even better with the bulb ends showing. Light bulbs were harmless and everyone knew what they looked like. If he encountered anyone entering the building, he should have no problems with his cover story.
He packed the rest of the equipment he needed in the toolbox. The clothes he laid on the adjoining bed. He was ready. He turned on the TV to catch the local news. The third story was the Ping trial. Sam was treated to some previous footage of Ping arriving at the courthouse. He watched him emerge from the Sheriff’s Department car with an officer on each side. Ping was in handcuffs and wearing an orange prison jumpsuit. Sam knew he was allowed to change into his suit and tie after arriving for his court appearance. He looked bulky, obviously wearing a bullet-proof vest. A protester blocked the camera temporarily with a sign. A moderate sized crowd could be expected every day Ping was on trial. Sam watched intently as Ping walked up the steps with an officer on both sides and into the courthouse. He turned to look back at the crowd, and the picture froze on his face. Sam made quick notes on a few things he had seen. He looked back at the screen and caught Ping’s face one more time before the story changed.
The glasses were new, big lenses with thick black frames.
*    *    *
At 6 a.m., the day was started at the county prison where Leonard Ping currently resided.
“Time to go, Leonard.”
Officer Leo Lehman stood outside the cell, and watched him take his time putting his shoes on. Leo was a fifty-year-old veteran of the police force, and was spending his last days before retirement at the jail. His wife had convinced him that it was safer than the streets. He had tried to tell her that her view was wrong. It was the other way around. Leo had been shot at three times, and no amount of talking could convince her otherwise. He had finally given in. Now he spent his days shuttling this scumbag back and forth to court, a fine way to spend his last two years. The fact that they shared a name just made it worse.
Ping ignored the officer and took his time, first tying his shoes and then shuffling through some papers. Anything to delay the inevitable. Leo watched this act as he had several times, finally tapping his cuffs on the bars to move Ping along. Ping obediently stuck his hands through the opening, and Leo snapped the cuffs in place. Ping said nothing as his cell opened after a yell from Leo, and he stepped out into the corridor. As Leo walked him toward the exit, Ping’s fellow inmates could not resist some catcalls.
“Hey-Hey Leonard, another day closer, huh?”
“Ping-Pong! Give ’em hell, boy.”
“Don’t share needles, Ping, you might get AIDS!”
“The big sleep coming your way, pudgy, you better be digging another tunnel!”
Leo watched Ping shuffle down the block with his eyes on the floor. He knew the taunting bothered Ping. No matter how many times he walked the block, he would see Ping tense as he passed the other cells. Soon the sweat stains would show. Leo took great satisfaction in this.
All his years in law enforcement had given Leo a remarkable ability to read people. He was one of the few who saw both versions of Leonard Ping. He saw the public version, an act that gave Ping the aura of a small, harmless man driven by inner demons. A flawed man who needed professional help, not the death penalty. In the courtroom he claimed to have no recollection of his deeds, not even when shown video tapes of him with the victims. He stared off into space at the hearings, and made people repeat their questions to get his attention. He often mumbled his answers and talked to himself when the cameras were on. It was hard work being the public Leonard Ping.
Leo knew the truth. He got to see the real Leonard Ping, the same as the other inmates. Leonard was scared, afraid of death and willing to do anything to avoid it. It was the only thing on his mind every waking moment. Ping studied hard in the prison library, and had used every legal tactic he could to buy himself more time. He had managed to delay his trial date repeatedly, but he was now running out of loopholes, and this made the fear manifest itself tenfold.
Even now Leo could see his mind racing, looking for another way to keep death from being scheduled. For a man who had visited death on twelve people, Ping was now living the nightmare they had endured. The satisfaction Leo felt knowing this was the only thing that made the job bearable.
They paused in the holding cell, and Ping’s legs were placed in irons before his wrists were freed to allow the donning of the vest. The orange jumpsuit was then pulled back up and the handcuffs reapplied. Ping would now sit for around an hour until it was time to leave for the courthouse. Leo pulled the bars shut with a loud clang that startled Ping. Leo smiled as he left the man alone with his fear.
*    *    *
While Leonard contemplated his fate in the holding cell, Sam walked down the street with his package over one shoulder, and the toolbox in the other hand. After watching the broadcast with Ping’s face last night, he had continued his preparations. On his head he wore the hard hat that now read Supervisor across the front and sported a few scrapes and dents to simulate past use. The tool belt was in place and rubbing uncomfortably against his hips. The boots were likewise assaulting his feet, but he’d had no time to break them in. He had spent some time last night scuffing them in the hotel parking lot and they now looked the part. The shirt had been wadded up in a ball all night and was now adequately rumpled. As he neared the building, he slowed to check the scaffolding for workers. None were apparent at this early hour. Sam approached the front door as a young man in a suit and tie exited the protective walkway.
“Let me get that for you,” the man offered as he reached for the door.
“Thanks,” Sam replied. They both entered the lobby, and the young man made for the elevator. Sam reluctantly got on with him.
“Floor?”
“Four please.”
“No problem.” After pushing the button the man stuck his nose in his Wall Street Journal. Sam looked him over. He was young, and wearing a nice, but not too expensive suit, obviously the first to arrive for the day. Polite, too, probably a paralegal or a new associate putting in the long hours, too new to have the attitude yet. The car stopped on the second floor, and with a nod the man got off. Sam stepped out into a dark hallway on the forth floor and quickly toured the rooms. Nobody had arrived yet. He took the stairs to the fifth floor and repeated his search. He noted no footprints in the dust since his visit yesterday. Good. He moved to the large room that had windows on the front and sides of the building. The future office of the head cheese had an excellent view of the entire downtown square.
“This will do just fine,” Sam told himself.
He carefully leaned his package against the wall and opened the toolbox. After extracting some items, he returned to the stairwell and descended to the ground floor. Working quickly, Sam placed pennies in the crack of the door on top of the latch. He added them until the space had been filled completely. This was actually a trick that he had picked up years ago in college. It was a way to shut someone in their room that had a door that opened into the room. The pennies wedged the door shut, not allowing it to be opened. One could usually shake the door until the pennies dislodged, and, in the process, provide entertainment for the rest of the dorm. Sam added a twist on this trick by coating the whole mess with Super Glue once he was done. Anyone using the door would decide that the ancient door fixture had jammed and simply find another exit. He then turned and tried the fire exit. It opened with a push. The magnet was still in place. The back door had been his first choice of entry, until he realized anyone seeing him using it would immediately know something was wrong. The outside of the door did not have a handle, and it was visible from the surrounding building’s windows. He had purchased the suction cup in order to have something to pull with if the front entrance was not an option. After confirming that the alley was unobstructed, he turned back to the interior door and taped a bell to the upper part. If anyone forced the door he should have some warning. After ascending the steps and repeating the penny and bell trick to each door, he found himself back on the fifth floor. After propping the door open, he set about building his shooting platform. From the area he gathered a pair of saw horses and several sheets of drywall. He assembled a table as far back in the room from the window as possible. On the table he placed two bags of mortar mix that had been left by the window. These, he punched and shaped into a form that would accept the rifle. He pulled up a bucket of drywall compound to serve as a seat and took up a shooting position without the rifle. The plastic hanging from the window would have to be trimmed back and he quickly accomplished this with the razor knife. Before he put the knife away he sliced open the cardboard tube which held the rifle and laid it on the table. From the tool box he extracted a small spotting scope and placed it next to the rifle. The range card came next and Sam made updates based on what the scope told him. He looked around his perch. He could not walk on the noisy floor once the workers arrived. Everything was in place. His exit route had no obstacles. He did not have to urinate. He had scope adjustments to make, but needed the sun to be higher first. There was nothing to do now but wait.
—EIGHTEEN—
The state of Louisiana holds 36,047 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 24,151 are repeat offenders.


Jack sighed and looked around his hotel room. He had sent everyone to bed last night, but had been unable to sleep himself. The sun was coming up now and he was no farther than he was last night. The technicians at the lab had changed shifts, so progress was being made. At least he could take some comfort in that. Every surface of the room was covered in files, printouts and photos. A borrowed laptop allowed him to review the footage from the airport. He tossed a paper detailing the bomb components back on the coffee table and poured himself another cup of coffee from the carafe on the room service tray.
“I have to stop doing this,” he told himself. “My stomach is going to rot away if I keep this up.”
Jack picked up the document that he kept coming back to. The letter. He read it again for the hundredth time. It was version two, but no change in the text. Why was the man so determined to prove it came from the same source? Did he plan on being copied? If so, was he setting this up so he could take out a specific target and blame it on a copycat? Was it just to confuse them? Throw them off to buy some time? Was the letter legitimate in its claim, or was this man simply fed up with the court system and extracting revenge? That narrowed the suspect list, he mused. How many people had been screwed by the justice system? It could be a genuine attempt to get some change. Or was there a personal reason?
Jack forced himself to stop thinking about the theory end of it all and look at what hard facts could be gleaned from the letter. It was well written. No spelling or grammar errors. The speech and pacing leaned toward that of an educated person. It touched on several points to convey its anger. Someone had researched the subject, or knew from firsthand experience the problems with the judicial system.
The part that bothered Jack the most was the use of the word “We” in the second paragraph. “We” obviously pertained to more than one person being involved. Was it two or twenty? Was this an established group that had deviated into murder to press their cause forward? If so, it met the definition of terrorism. Perhaps frustrated members of a reformist or lobbyist group who had decided that changing the system by legitimate means was going too slowly for their taste? That would give reason to the letter even existing. Someone out for revenge would just swing away until he was satisfied or caught and have no real need to send the letters.
The letter also said they had acquired the means. That usually meant money. Based on the two killings so far, Jack had to wonder. The rifles had been expensive, but not to the point of needing a large income to obtain. The victims had been watched, but that was also not very costly. The bomb-making materials added up to a decent amount of money, but again, that was not out of reach of the average middle-class income with a little savings. Yet, they included the statement for a reason. Did they mean they had the funds to continue as long as they wished? Just dropping that in to say money was not a problem? Maybe they had a long list of names? The smaller the organization, the harder it usually was to get funding, unless they had a big backer, or were wealthy themselves. The possibilities were too numerous at this point.
What about the possession of skills line? Jack had no doubts about that. So far he was convinced that the killer was a highly skilled marksman, and at the minimum, a good bomber. While the bomb itself may have been crude, the method of deployment showed a tactical mind at work. Sydney’s insight as to its deployment had been backed up by the local bomb squad leader, a former DOD ordnance disposal man who had been around the block and still had all his fingers. Jack had checked.
This brought him back to another question. A bomber with a conscience was an oxymoron according to Sydney and the behavioral science people. What had she called them, indiscriminate killers? Not enough bystanders were usually the problem for most bombers. Not this guy. He actually had planted a tracer on the car to track it to the perfect spot. Was that just to make sure he got his man, or was it to prevent collateral damage?
The letter also fit the actions so far. The first victim: Addicot. True, he was guilty of perverting the system, no one was going to dispute that. Through technically he had not broken the law. The shooter had made it clear with his first shot that you did not have to be a convicted criminal to make the list. Profit had been tried several times, but had avoided conviction. Evidently that was also enough to make the list. So what was it exactly that had pissed off this shooter, and possibly his friends, to get them to do this? Most of all, who was next on the list?
Jack flopped down on the bed and closed his eyes. The coffee was doing a job on his stomach. Where was Larry with his economy, family-sized bottle of antacid when he needed him? He lay back and forced himself to relax. It still took ten minutes before he fell asleep, surrounded by a bed full of paperwork.
*    *    *
Unbeknown to Jack, Sydney was likewise surrounded in her room. She had fallen asleep on the paperwork, as she knew she would, and was now sitting cross-legged on the bed with her copy of the letter in one hand, and the other rubbing out the crick in her neck.
Next to her neatly arranged piles of paper was one of her handwritten lists. She was halfway through the stacks and had checked off four items when she fell asleep. Now, pumped up on room service soft drinks, she was reviewing the mountain of information.
So far they had identified the make and manufacture of the servos, and all the area outlets that handled that brand for a fifty-mile radius were receiving visitors from the Vegas police. The servos were not traceable by number, so this was on the assumption they had been purchased locally. If fifty miles worth brought no success, Jack would likely expand the search. They expected no success.
The time line still had some holes in it. Some of the crew had said that the car had been washed at one point, but the hotel concierge service denied providing the service. They would work to fill the gaps in the line, but most likely the only source of the information they needed died in the car.
The partial print had turned up no hits. Jack had them run it through the Department of Defense data bank, as well as Interpol. No answer yet from either, but again they also didn’t expect success there.
Sydney was frustrated. Gathering all the information that the scene provided and running down every lead until it could be ruled out or lead to another was ordinary police work. Given enough time and trained people, it would eventually bring results. The problem was their shooter, or shooters, were moving fast. Only seven days had passed since the first murder and they were still chasing leads from that one.
They needed a break. Just one small thing that could turn this thing around quickly before it snowballed. A good fingerprint, a serial number they could trace, an eye witness coming forward, anything.
Copycats would be the first problem. Don’t like your boss? Take him on a one-way hunting trip. Just leave a copy of the letter for the feds. Your wife’s divorce lawyer pisses you off? Blow him up on his lunch hour. Just leave a copy of that letter in the paper. Most people were not wise to the fact that the press had left out a phrase, and changed the sentence structure of another at the request of the FBI. Copycats would be obvious. They would see this as their big chance and take it. Jack had suggested to the Deputy Director that they announce the changes to the public, but Deacon had not yet answered. The behavioral science people where probably debating it and that could take a while.
A knock on her door brought her head around and she winced as a pain shot up her neck. She threw her pencil down on top of the current file she was in and rose to answer it. A look through the peephole showed Larry’s face smiling back at her. His nose was hugely distorted by the peephole’s fish-eye lens, and she bit her tongue as she opened the door.
“Hey, Larry, you’re up early.” She stepped aside to let him in. Despite the morning hour, Larry was in a suit. She had never seen him in anything but. A naturally big man, his waistline was getting out of proportion to his frame. He entered the room with a stack of paper in one hand, and a cup of coffee in the other.
“Sleeping as well as I am, I see. You getting anywhere?” he asked.
“Just a sore neck so far. You?”
“Not really. Talked to Dave already this morning and he says he could spend another week in LA and still not be close to done. The victim had a lot of enemies, but also was well respected by the criminal element in LA. Also the cops, he says.”
“Say that again?” Sydney cleaned off a chair for him before she returned to the bed. She sat down and crossed her legs.
“He’s the kind of guy the old cops used to call an ordinarily decent criminal. Basically, he keeps his criminal activities confined to the world he lives in, venturing outside his element only to gain political favor, or to wash his money. Dave says he actually saw a graph that showed the crime rate dropping the more power our guy obtained. Like they say in business: consolidation breeds efficiency. How can you drink that stuff this early in the morning?”
Caught off guard by his question, she looked down at the can of Mountain Dew in her hand. “I like my caffeine cold, never developed a taste for coffee. Why?”
Larry shook his head and went back to the subject at hand. “Did we get an answer from the heads on whether to release the fact that we altered the press’s copy of the letter?”
“No, not yet, I would think doing so would be the right thing. Why are they waiting?” Sydney asked.
“Well, there are two theories. One, our guy wants to communicate in some way, and sending us the rewrites is his way of signing his work. This means that he doesn’t wish to have copycats, and it allows him to claim his work in the event of copiers. Two, he doesn’t give a crap, or actually wants to encourage copiers with the letters. This could be why he sent them to the press this time. The agenda he states may be legitimate. This could be his way of building a following, a large group of sympathetic people who agree with him, or worse, a little army of vigilantes running around shooting anyone they think got away with something, which is something that attracts the attention of politicians. If we inform the public, we may change his mind about sending us rewrites, and then we have no way to differentiate him from the copiers. What it comes down to, is right now we are chasing one person, or a group of people, who sign their work. If people do start copying, we know the difference and investigate them separately. The heads have to put both scenarios on the scale and weigh it politically. Do you risk copiers to improve your chance of getting the original shooter, or do you nip the copiers in the bud and risk losing the link you have with the guy you’re after? Personally, I think you stop the copiers up front. But that’s above my pay grade. Thank God.”
Sydney thought about this as she finished her drink and placed it on the night stand. Clearly she was not looking at this with Larry’s years of experience. She rubbed her neck some more. Larry always referred to the Director and his staff as the “Heads.”
“How can you think like that this early in the morning?” she asked with a smile.
“I gotta lot of pent-up knowledge.”
—NINETEEN—
The state of Maine holds 2,013 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 1,348 are repeat offenders.


Sam adjusted his elbows so his bones were in contact with his makeshift drywall table. The rifle lay across the two bags of mortar mix, providing a stable platform. The box stood nearby if he needed to place the Remington out of view quickly. As the sun rose to light the square below, Sam made note of any flaws in his position that might give him away to anyone below. He had placed himself well into the room, far from the window to reduce his chances of being seen from the outside. The sunlight would not reflect off his scope, nor would his outline be silhouetted against the sky. Sam had always laughed at the shooters in the movies who liked using rooftops. A rooftop sniper was nothing but exposed. To people in other buildings, to the weather, to the media helicopters, and worst of all, to the person you were aiming at. It was really bad if you had to take a leak. Something the movie hero never had to do.
He focused his scope on a young secretary climbing the steps of the courthouse and tracked her head as it bobbed its way up the steps. The scope Sam was utilizing used the Mil-Dot system to aid in range estimation. It superimposed a set of wide posts on the top, bottom, left and right of the sight picture. The post changed to evenly spaced dots as the lines neared the center. The spaces between the dots were known as milliradians. At one hundred yards a milliradian, or mil, equaled 3.6 inches. At one thousand yards it equaled thirty-six inches or one yard. By applying a simple formula—(height of target in yards) X 1000 / height of target in mils = range in yards—Sam was able to range the woman’s head at 740 yards. He held the cross hairs on her head as steady as he could as he tracked her movements, but he was off target more than he was on. He sat up with a loud exhalation and looked at the trees out in the square. The trees showed small but consistent movement of their leaves. He estimated the wind at five mph at ninety degrees to his shot angle, blowing left to right. No wind would have been perfect, of course, but at least this wind was constant. The wind would deflect his shot by several inches. Since he had to go for a head shot, this was enough to make the difference between a hit or miss at this range. Sam consulted a 3x5 card. It contained ballistic data that he had once memorized, but now needed to help his memory. He dialed in the appropriate number of clicks to account for the drop of the bullet, then making another adjustment to neutralize the wind. He took up his position again and set his sight picture on a bike messenger exiting the building. This time, instead of tracking the man’s movements, he picked a place the man was likely to travel into and steadied his point of aim there. The man entered the picture and left it in a fraction of a second.
Sam sat back again and rested his back against the wall. He was not feeling optimistic. This shot would be one of the toughest he had ever done. The range, wind, elevation, and humidity were all against him. Not to mention that his target would be moving. It would force him to make what snipers referred to as an ambush shot. Since the range was too great for him to track the target as it moved, as a skeet shooter would, he would have to fix on a point in space and hope his target walked into it. He had two options. One, Ping would most likely pause as he exited the car, giving him enough time for the head shot. Or two, he would be led up the steps slowly due to the leg irons, thus allowing Sam to accurately pick the ambush point. Neither shot had a great chance of success. He also had to worry about bystanders getting in the way. He could already see a couple of protesters sitting on the steps with their signs, waiting for Ping’s arrival. Sam didn’t wish to hit one of them, or worse, a sheriff or U.S. Marshall. If they would just leave the damn vest off today this would be a whole lot easier. Sam looked at his watch, another hour or so. He was used to waiting. He had waited for days to get a shot before. This was different in the sense that he was alone. No spotter or fellow sniper to watch his back while he scanned for the target. A few bells and some pennies were hardly a suitable substitution, but he had to make do. He still had the challenge of having less than a second to pull off one of the most difficult, demanding, and contentious acts a person could be called on to do. And he would only have one chance to do so. If he shot too late, the target would pass the round. Too early, and all he could hope for was that he had scared him to death. There was no way to just come back tomorrow and try again. Not to mention his escape would be more difficult this time.
It had to happen today. If Ping survived today he would survive for at least twenty more years. If found guilty, and this was still an uncertainty, as he did have a California jury, he would then have an automatic appeal if sentenced to the death penalty. The appeals process would go on for years while Ping and his lawyers, with help from various anti-death penalty groups, would pervert the system with any and all possible excuses to delay his death. This would cost the taxpayers even more millions of dollars, and delay closure for all the families. This shot could be the most important one so far. Sam was placing a lot of pressure on himself to pull it off. If he was successful today, it would give credibility to the letters sent to the press and, hopefully, draw national attention to the problem. They had to force them to change things. It was clear the system was not going to fix itself. Someone had to embarrass the politicians into action. It was simple in Sam’s mind. The politicians were there to serve the people. Letting criminals dictate the laws that were there to protect them all was not serving the people. If they refused to do their jobs, then the people had no choice but to protect themselves. Most couldn’t. But Sam could. He had nothing to lose now.
*    *    *
Leo turned to look at Ping in the backseat of the cruiser. The thickness of Ping’s glasses made his eyes look comically large, giving him the look of a frog in a bottle. Ping avoided the officer’s eyes and looked out the window. He had made this trip many times in the past and was treated to whichever route the driver chose today. Leo saw the sweat on his jumpsuit. He knew this was the day Ping would meet his fate. Death came for us all sooner or later, but few deserved to have it inflicted early as did Ping. Leo couldn’t imagine what it must be like knowing the exact day and time you were going to check out or even worse, the exact means. An innocent man might come to terms with it and live before he died. Not Ping. Leo knew the real Leonard Ping. This man in the backseat would count every minute. It would be his first waking thought in the morning and his last late at night, every day until that final midnight appointment. Life in prison was more than just a reprieve for Leonard. Prison for Ping was perfect, it gave him the structure his life needed. He had the guards to tell him what to do and when. He was safe from the outside world, a world that he had never fit into. He wanted for nothing that the state could not provide.
*    *    *
Leo turned away from Ping as they pulled into the square. The crowd had grown slightly larger in the past few weeks as the trial was once again in the press. The signs rose as one as they came within sight of the courthouse.
“Check out the circus today,” he remarked to his partner.
“Yeah, hope they sent more uniforms to keep the crowd back this time.”
Leo gave his young driver a look that the kid caught.
“Was that one of those rookie things I shouldn’t have said?”
“You’re learning, kid, you’re learning. Pull up between those cones and don’t forget to bring the keys this time.” Leo pointed.
*    *    *
Sam watched as the cruiser pulled up to the courthouse steps. He quickly took up the rifle and adopted the shooting position. A glance out his non-dominant eye at the trees showed no change in the wind. He took several deep breaths as he tracked the car to a stop. He could make out an older officer in the front passenger seat, and a younger driver. The escort vehicle stopped right behind the first car. The crowd moved in to voice their displeasure, and the uniformed police formed a tight corridor from the car to the entrance. The outline of Ping’s head was barely visible through the side window of the cruiser. The glare from the sun prevented Sam from having a clear view. He watched closely as the senior man exited and slowly scanned the area before reaching down to unlock the rear door. He was standing right where Ping would be when he exited the car, so Sam fixed his sight picture on the man’s head. As Ping placed his legs out of the car and stood, Sam was taking up some of the two and a half pounds of trigger pull required to send the round on its way.
His picture of the back of Ping’s head was suddenly replaced with the face of the driver. Sam quickly let off the trigger and scanned around the man. He had missed his first chance. Ping was shuffling up the steps between two uniformed policemen with the senior escort from the car leading. Sam picked a new point based on the location of the leading officer’s head. Ping moved slowly, head down, ignoring the crowd. The officer quickly moved three steps ahead of his prisoner, his legs at about the height of Ping’s head. A waving sign blocked his sight for an instant. Two steps. Sam again put tension on the trigger. One half breath and hold. Ping’s head popped into the center of the sight reticle.
The rifle fired.
*    *    *
What Leo would remember most was the sounds. Somewhere amid the shouting of the protestors and the orders of the uniforms holding them back, Leo heard a sound he had not heard in years, a wet slapping sound that at first his brain classified as familiar, but was unable to identify. This was replaced by the overwhelming pain from a blow to his left leg. As he spun around in a clockwise rotation, the leg gave way and the steps rushed up at him. As he impacted the hard concrete, his brain registered another sound. One it immediately identified.
“Gun!” Someone screamed. The officers on the steps immediately dropped to the ground and several guns were drawn. This had the usual effect on the crowd as everyone attempted to leave the area. As Leo looked back down the steps he noticed several officers squinting into the morning sun looking for the shooter. The screaming of the crowd as they departed next registered in Leo’s mind as he watched the mayhem disperse around him.
His hearing returned as a shot of pain from his leg cleared his mind. He looked down to see his uniform pants covered in blood just above the knee. He instinctively reached out his hand and applied pressure to the wound. He forced himself to wiggle his foot and was relieved when it responded as it should. Only after he had both his hands on the wound did he notice the carnage two steps below.
Ping lay face down on the steps of the courthouse with a small pool of blood forming a halo around his head. The back of his head showed a large entrance wound. The papers he had been carrying were blowing around him in the slight breeze. Leo stretched out a hand to feel for a pulse, but the sight of gray matter on the step next to the man’s head made him stop short.
“Leo, you’re shot!”
“You think so, kid? Gimme your belt,” Leo ordered.
“Yeah sure, is it bad?”
“Bad enough. I haven’t been shot since Beirut, and I don’t remember ever seeing a good one. Got an ambulance coming?”
“Ambulance is on its way, Leo,” one of the uniforms broke in. “Our boy dead?”
“Dead as can be. You see where the shot came from? No, do it this way.” He instructed the rookie on the pressure bandage. He had to speak up over the approaching sirens.
“Somewhere to the east, one of those buildings on the left, I think. Kinda echoed around, but I think it came from there. Just one shot.” He looked down at the mess that was once the back of Ping’s head. “Someone couldn’t wait long enough for Leonard to meet the needle.”
“Tragedy,” Leo remarked. He looked up at his fellow cops and smiled. They returned his grin and stood looking at what was left of Leonard Ping as the blood made its way down the stairs.
The cameraman on the street below caught the image with his Nikon. It would be on the front page by that evening.
*    *    *
Sam allowed himself two seconds of observation before standing and walking to the window in the next room. As he approached it, he was careful not to let himself be seen from the outside. The rifle was now back in the box and taped back up. He gently placed it in the chute and allowed it to fall into the dumpster five stories below. He had hoped for a means of destroying it on site, but unfortunately nothing was available. As the rifle fell, he turned and walked to the stairwell. As he passed the forth floor he could hear excited speech from behind the door. Something in Spanish he couldn’t make out. He quickly descended to the ground floor. As he stepped off the bottom step he was startled by the shaking of the inside door and the ringing of the bells. He could make out a woman on the other side of the glass desperately pulling on the knob. Luckily the pennies held. She saw his shape through the opaque glass.
“Hey, open the door!”
He ignored her and pushed open the fire exit. He could hear the bells ringing on the floors above him as he quickly stepped out into the alley and began walking toward the entrance to the street.
A door on his right suddenly opened and a young woman stepped out. She flinched when she saw Sam. She looked over his clothes and the tool box in his hand and with her hand over her chest calmed herself down.
“Did you hear a gun go off? I could have sworn I did?” she asked.
Sam turned and pointed to the roof of the building he had just left. “Something loud from up there. Not sure what it was. I’m getting out of here just the same.”
“Okay.” The woman looked up at the building as he hoped she would, buying him some time. When she looked back he had already turned and was walking away. She wasn’t sure if she wanted to follow, or go back into her office.
“Laurie, what was that noise?”
The woman turned to see a coworker behind her at the door. “I don’t know. I thought it might be a gun, but I’m not sure.”
“Who were you talking to?”
“That man.” She turned to point. The alley was empty.
—TWENTY—
The state of Maryland holds 23,791 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 15,939 are repeat offenders.


Sam resisted the urge to run. He proceeded down the street at a moderate pace toward his car, weaving in and out of people all on their way to work. The woman in the alley had rattled him. He had not expected her, and as a result of their encounter, someone had seen his face. He couldn’t be sure of how well he had distracted her, but it was enough to allow him to turn away. The quick look might have been enough for a good artist to construct a composite sketch, something that could really hamper his effectiveness.
He turned into the parking garage where he had stowed the rental Jeep earlier that morning. He looked around casually as he approached the vehicle. There were some commuters heading toward the exits at the other end of the ramp, but otherwise he was alone on this level. He reached into the backseat and pulled out a large garbage bag. After another quick look around, he placed the toolbox, clipboard and hard hat into the bag. He then peeled off the shirt, pants and boots he wore and stuffed them into the bag, and replaced them with a pair of sweatpants and a T-shirt. A new pair of running shoes went on after that. Placing a baseball cap on his head along with a new set of sunglasses, he got in and drove for the exit. The attendant didn’t even glance at him as he collected the fee and hit the button to raise the gate. Sam drove out and turned left just in time to pull over for two squad cars rounding the corner. They sped past him without a second look. Sam watched them in his rearview until they disappeared and then proceeded back into traffic.
Ten minutes later Sam was driving through the poorer section of town. Homeless could be seen out foraging for food or the daily bottle. He cruised slowly until he found an alley devoid of people, but containing a few dumpsters. Pulling up to one, he parked out of sight of the street. Reaching for the grocery bag next to him, he exited the Jeep and pulled open the back door. From the grocery bag Sam removed a carton of milk. He emptied the carton into the trash bag and tied the bag tight. With his gloved hands he shook the bag until all the milk had been evenly distributed. Only then did he turn and toss it in the nearest dumpster. With the heat being what it was, the milk would be foul and stinking in a short time, thereby discouraging anyone who may be foraging in the trash. Back behind the wheel, he carefully moved the Jeep back out into the traffic. He had the route to the highway memorized, and was soon driving past the rush hour traffic heading in the opposite direction. He turned on the radio and thumbed the search button, trying to find a local news station but found nothing but commercials and syndicated morning chatter. After the fourth channel of canned laughter, he gave up and pulled out the cell phone.
“Hey it’s me, how’s it going?”
“Shitty, you?” Paul replied.
“The same, my friend, the same. So shitty in fact that number three is done and I am in egress mode. Had to leave the rifle at the scene and had a little problem leaving the building, but other then that it went okay. Is it on the news yet?”
“I just turned on CNN and they got nothing. What do you mean a little problem?”
“Some secretary stepped out into the alley I was using and got a look at me. I covered well enough I think, but she got a look. I had on the hat and sunglasses, so I don’t know how well she saw me. It was only a second or two at best.”
“That’s enough for a general description. They know you’re white. Height and weight. General build. This is bad, Sam.” Sam could hear the edge in Paul’s voice.
“Relax, that’s not enough, and right now they don’t even know if I was the guy. Listen, I’ve sterilized the car and ditched all the gear. I’m on my way back to Vegas to return the rental and fly back. I just wanted to tell you I got away clean, and I’m planning on ditching this phone as soon as we hang up. I’ll be going to the second one after this, okay?”
“All right,” Paul answered. “Just be careful. If I hear them put out a description on you or the car I’ll call you. What color is that damn Jeep anyway?”
“Gray. It’s a new Cherokee Laredo. Needs a bath,” Sam said. “I won’t have cell coverage the whole way, so I’ll check in when I do.”
“Sounds good. You should be back by Wednesday night then, right? Plan on a trip to the clinic when you get back. Think about what you’re gonna tell the doc.”
“Just what I need. Something to look forward to.”
“It just came up on CNN, hold on a second.”
“Well?” Sam pushed after a long silence. “What do they say?”
“Ping’s face down on the steps. Nice head shot. You winged a cop in the leg! He looks okay. He’s talking to the other cops. Lots of people milling around. The cops are grinning. Even the wounded one. They’re taking him away now. There goes the sheet over the body. Lots of gore on the steps. Nobody looks too upset. Hell, the cops are still grinning. Looks like you have some fans. Heads are talking now. Was it a five-story with some construction going on that you used?” Paul asked.
“Yeah, it was perfect, but I had to lock the fire exits to keep my path clear. One guy saw me come in, even held the door for me, but he was more interested in his Wall Street Journal than looking at me. Hardly anybody was in the building when I pulled the trigger. Long shot though, over 700 yards. You sure the cop is okay?” Sam asked.
“Looks okay. He walked with some help down the steps to the stretcher. You were right on by the pictures. Not even a lot of blood. What about the envelopes?”
“I’m dropping them at the next mailbox I see. I left one on-scene addressed to Jack.”
“Okay, I got the DVR working for you. Get out of there and call me when you can.”
“Will do. Can I bring you anything?”
“How about some sunshine? It’s typical Michigan cloudy and cold here.”
“I’ll see what I can do.”
Sam hung up the phone and rolled down the windows. As the desert heat rolled through the car, he thought about his next doctor’s visit. He realized that the pain had been minimal these last few days. Maybe the dry desert air was doing him some good.
Five miles later he pulled over for some breakfast at a fast food vendor. He ate in his car in the parking lot. When he was through, he slid the phone into the bag along with the food wrappers. He then picked up a large envelope and carried his items to the curb of the parking lot. There he slid the small envelopes from the large sterile one into a mailbox. The phone in the fast food bag went into the garbage can next to it.
*    *    *
Jack automatically reached out and felt for the clock radio that adorned his nightstand at home. After a few tries and misses he opened his eyes and realized the noise was coming from his cell phone. He looked around the bed until he located it and thumbed it open. He looked at the incoming number. Deacon.
“Randall,” he managed to get out through his cottonmouth.
“You awake, Jack?” Deacon asked.
“I am now, sir. We were at it all night. I’m afraid I don’t have anything new to report.”
“Forget that for now. Turn on CNN.”
Jack winced at that as he reached for the remote and pushed buttons until he had the right channel.
“Am I looking for what I think I am?” Jack asked.
“You got it. About a half hour ago someone put a bullet in the back of Leonard Ping’s head as he walked up the steps of the courthouse. Locals found the shooter’s position over 700 yards away in a building being remodeled. Also a copy of the letter left on the table he used. Our boy isn’t wasting time is he?”
“That’s one a week for three weeks roughly. I’d say he’s moving to a schedule. I’m getting the story now.” They both fell silent as Jack watched the report.
Damn, Jack thought. This guy is good. The shot of Ping lying on the steps was brief, but Jack could see the shot had been center-mass, right in the head. He watched the cops around him and saw the grins. That was not going to go over well. The press would use that image for the next week. A quick shot of the street with the building in the distance followed until the camera panned back to the reporter giving her account. Jack hit the mute button.
“I guess we’re on our way there, sir. Let me get everybody up and I’ll call you from the plane. Do you have a copy of the letter yet?”
“Documents is going over it right now, Jack, but their initial impression is that it’s the same guy. No word from the papers yet, but we have people at the last three locations waiting. I have the crew here putting it all in a fax for you. You want it to the plane?”
“Yeah, that will speed things up.” Jack shook the pitcher of coffee on the table. Empty. “Do you have a decision on the press statement?”
“I tried, Jack, but they chose to hold the information for now. I’ve been told that you have clearance to give press statements, but don’t reveal the true copy of the letter.” Deacon braced for the response he expected.
“Sir, that’s going to do nothing but blow up in our faces. If the public learns we held information that could have prevented copiers they will crucify us. We need to release it now, not later.”
“I hear what you’re saying, Jack, but the Attorney General stuck his head in and you know the Director can’t convince him to leave out the politics. We’ll keep trying on this end, just be careful when you make any statements.”
“Yes, sir. I’ll call from the plane.”
“Okay, Jack.” Deacon hung up.
Jack looked at the phone for a long time. They were letting him make the statements to the press. If it backfired, he would be their fall guy in the court of public debate. Bad enough he had a case to solve that was moving faster than they could follow, now he was supposed to get the work done and play politics at the same time? More importantly, how could he cover his ass in case the walls came down all around him? He thought about this before he picked up the phone and placed another call.
*    *    *
Danny was talking to a security guard at the MGM and getting nowhere. The man had a good job. The MGM hired people with experience and then sent them to paramedic school on completion of their training program. If you were going to have a heart attack, a casino in Las Vegas was the place to have it. The man actually smiled at him as he turned down his questions.
Danny finally nodded his head in defeat and turned away. He was considering trying the guards at Caesar’s when his phone rang. He flipped it open and put it to his ear without looking at the screen.
“Danny Drake.”
“Mr. Drake. You know who this is? We spoke at the airport yesterday.”
“Yes.”
“I need you to get some information out for me.”
“I’m listening.”
Jack explained quickly and Danny scribbled furiously in his notebook to keep up.
“I got it. That all?”
“For now. I’m leaving for California in a few minutes. We’ll talk more when I can, Danny.”
“California? Anywhere in particular?”
“Turn on your TV. I’ll see you there.” The connection broke.
What the hell? Danny wondered. He looked around for the nearest bar and made for it. He walked around its perimeter looking at the overhead screens until he saw one showing CNN. He only had to wait a few minutes before he saw the story. He made for his room to pack.
—TWENTY-ONE—
The state of Massachusetts holds 10,232 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 6,855 are repeat offenders.

“Is there an age limit to work for the Bureau?” Sydney asked.
Everyone on the plane looked up from their various piles of paper to give her a quizzical look.
“High or low?” Larry asked.
“Low.”
“I don’t care,” Larry answered with a grin. He was obviously closer to the high end of the scale.
“Why do you ask?” Jack inquired.
“I’m looking at this disc of the crime scene that the Chief’s kid did for us. It’s amazing. He has a full three dimensional graphic of the entire area. I can zoom in and out and change my point of view to whatever I like. I can click on a piece of debris, and the file on that will pop up. There’s a catalog of trace and print evidence. Another of weather reports from the day before the crime to the day of publication. A manufacturer’s blueprint of the car with an exploded isometric. The autopsy report on each body. Another graphic of the bomb before it blew. There’s even an animated video option, but it looks like he ran out of time before he could complete it. I know he looks like he’s twelve, but can we hire him?”
Larry grinned again and looked at Jack. “What do ya say, Jack? Kid’s good and something tells me he would really enjoy working for Sydney.” The Chief’s son had clearly been smitten with her. They had all enjoyed the way he followed her around every chance he had.
“It was certainly entertaining having him around,” Jack played along. “May have to get a note from his mother, though.”
“Very funny, you two, but I’m serious. This is some really good work and I think we should grab him before somebody else does,” Sydney shot back.
“If you’re serious, we can start a background check on him. I wonder what he did that compelled his exit from MIT.? Anyway, let’s worry about that later. Right now we need to look at anything new from this shooting. Who wants to read the psych profiles?” Jack changed the subject.
“I will.”
Everyone looked at Dave. Always the quiet one, like most Dave had never placed much value in the profiles that the FBI Behavioral Science Department produced. Despite what was seen on TV, the profiles were often way off the mark when the person was caught, or so gray they were not worth looking at. The Maryland sniper case had been so far off that it was an embarrassment to the Bureau. It proclaimed the shooter to be a white male with a mental defect. This had been broadcast on all the networks in hope of the public aiding in the capture. It had turned out to be the opposite—a black father-son team with a well thought out plan. Since then, all cases were provided with two or even three separate profiles in the place of one collaborative effort. While this assured that more theories were heard, they were often very different from one another which frustrated those who had to read them.
“Are you sure, Dave?” Jack was hesitant. Dave was his best detail guy and Jack didn’t want him wasting his time if he wasn’t going to approach it seriously.
“It’s about time I took a turn, Jack. I’ll give it a fair shake,” Dave replied.
“Fine, just keep your report short, and don’t let it interfere with the other stuff on your plate. Everyone else, please give it a quick look. Take it to the bathroom with you or something.” Jack passed the report to Larry who passed it to Dave. “What do we have that’s new?”
“San Diego P.D. says they may have a witness. A secretary in an adjacent building saw a man leaving the area by way of an alley behind the building. White male, middle age, six-foot, two-hundred twenty, wearing worker’s clothing and a tool belt. Also a hard hat and sunglasses. Not much, but they’re working on a sketch. She spoke briefly with him. Good English, no accent.”
“Okay, let’s get that sketch as soon as possible and have it digitized and enhanced by the computer guys. Tell them to run all the options on it, too.”
“Options?” Larry asked.
“The new facial software they have lets you view the face from any angle, change hair and eye color, add beards, glasses, pretty much anything you can think of,” Sydney explained.
“Well, guess I should read the newsletter more often.”
Jack smiled for Larry’s benefit. Larry had admitted to not understanding half of what was in the newsletter the FBI published on any of its new capabilities. Jack kept Larry for his experience and ability to see the whole picture. Something no gadget could replace.
“How about the locals?” he asked, to move them along and save Larry some embarrassment.
“They have all the guys that were present waiting for us. They’ve already been interviewed by the local office. Not much to tell. Ping went down along with one of theirs. Then they heard the shot. That was it. They did find the location quickly. People in the building definitely heard it. They got locked out of the stairwell. I’m not too sure about how. They said something about pennies.”
“Pennies, like in one cent coins?” Sydney asked.
“That’s what they said.” Larry looked at his notes. “I don’t get it either.”
“I guess we’ll find out when we get there.”
“One other thing. We have camera footage from the two stations that were there. Nothing we haven’t seen already on the tube, but we can send it to be analyzed.”
They sat in silence for a minute while Jack thought about their options. They had plenty of manpower on hand. How long did he want to spend on scene? If they stayed too long, his people would tend to get behind on the case; solving one before moving to the next. He had locals for that. It was his job to catch this guy, and in order to do that he had to think about where the shooter was going, and not where he had been. He couldn’t afford to get bogged down in California.
“Okay, here’s what we’re gonna do. I want to be in and out of there quick. Focus on what will tell you about this guy and where he might be going next. Larry, do your interviews, but focus on description and voice. Sydney, get all the forensic information and send it to the labs immediately. Gather it up and we’ll go over it afterward. Dave, don’t waste time on the victim. I’m sure we can all agree on why he was chosen. Same with Profit, let that all go for now. I want to know who this guy is and what pissed him off. That will tell us where he might be headed next. That’s our job, find him and stop him before he does it again. Any questions?”
He got a lot of heads bobbing but no questions. Good. He glanced at the map on the wall. The little plane symbol was right over southern California. The plane started to lose altitude in preparation for landing.
*    *    *
An hour later and Jack was looking out the window from the shooter’s position. It brought back memories of a favorite book. Day of the Jackal was a popular read back in sniper school. He could see Sydney in the distance behind the yellow tape surrounding the courthouse steps. He turned back into the room.
Every surface in the room had a coating of volcanic ash in a vain attempt to find a print. Several had been lifted, but none that failed to match those of the work crew. Several smudges and palm prints were found with no fingerprints to go with them. The locals had ventured that the shooter had taped his fingers. Jack had them send everything anyway. He stopped and looked through the stack of photos again. They had been taken by the first team to arrive and showed several footprints in the dust. The foreman had reported that his crew had not been on that floor for at least a week. The prints had to belong to the shooter. He put them in order and saw that the man had entered and walked around no more than necessary. The prints were minimal. He had gone to the window and the trash chute, moved a few items, and that was all. A very cool customer.
He was moving toward the trash chute when he heard a ringing bell. He changed directions to step into the hallway in search of the noise. A young tech saw him and spoke.
“Bells,” she explained. “He taped them to every door.”
“Thanks,” Jack replied before moving past her to the stairwell and descending a flight. He found a team with a Sawzall about to attack a door.
“Hold up a second,” commanded the senior tech as Jack approached.
“You’re sawing the door?”
“See for yourself,” the man offered. “Your shooter put pennies in the door over the latch until the space was full and then glued the whole mess in place. If we pry it out we may loose any fibers stuck in the glue.”
Jack knelt down to see the mess, very crude, but it could be done quietly and quickly, and that was what had been needed. Jack stepped back and waved the tech to continue. The buzz of the Sawzall filled the stairwell as Jack descended to the bottom where he found the FBI special agent in charge of the local office looking at the emergency exit. They had met at the front door earlier.
“Looks like your guy used a magnet to keep the latch from closing, simple but effective. The witness met him right over there, just down the alley.” He pointed. Jack nodded and left the men to their work. He walked to the end of the alley and paused at the sidewalk. He looked both ways up and down the street while curious onlookers looked at him across the yellow tape. He was too deep in thought to notice them.
“What are you thinking?” a voice asked.
He turned to see the agent standing behind him. A man of about fifty, he had been in San Diego for many years. A former bank robbery agent, he had worked his way up the ladder and had the reputation of a serious law enforcement officer.
“Trying to get in the man’s head. Not much luck so far,” Jack answered.
“Always go back to motive. That’s my advice.”
“Yeah, well, despite the letters and what we have so far, all we have is a lot of theory.”
“Well, my team is impressed, might even call it admiration. One of the SWAT guys said it was an impossible shot. What do you think?”
“Seven hundred meters? Long, but not impossible. Don’t get me wrong. This guy is very, very good. Where did he learn to do it? That’s my main question.”
“You’re checking with the military?”
“Yeah, should have a list soon.”
“Could be just what you need,” the man ventured.
Jack looked down the busy street to the courthouse.
“Maybe.”
*    *    *
Danny let the shutter snap three more times before he stopped the camera. Jack was talking to another agent in the mouth of the alley. He’d been tempted to call him when his plane hit the ground, but the unspoken rule was that Jack called him, not the other way around. He would be patient. Jack needed him for something more. He wasn’t sure what it was yet, but time would tell.
He slung the camera over his shoulder and turned to walk to the courthouse. He would get some shots of the blood on the steps to please his editor. He checked his phone as he walked to ensure he had coverage. No messages yet.
—TWENTY-TWO—
The state of Michigan holds 49,358 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 33,069 are repeat offenders.


Sam sat in the bedroom he had shared with his wife. It, like his daughter’s room, had changed very little. Her shoes lay piled on the floor in the closet where all her clothes hung. Earrings and a few watches competed for space among the various items on the bureau. One of her many purses still hung on the doorknob. The master bathroom was no different. Cosmetics and hair care products dominated every available space and surface. Even the shower held remnants of her with a puffball sponge. At least three types of conditioner took up the one small shelf. Sam could not bring himself to remove any of it. He rarely, if ever, slept there. Falling asleep without her was only half as hard as waking up with her not there. So the bed stayed made, and the clutter collected dust. Paul would venture in to search for laundry, but made his visits quickly, and never when Sam was around.
As he looked around the room, he dwelled on items: a picture; the movie stubs from their last trip to the theater sitting on a pile of loose change; the decorative pillows on the bed that he never liked but had obediently moved to the chair and back with every night’s sleep; her alarm clock that he would still reset after every power outage. The book on dogs she had been reading was still on the nightstand. It was her latest idea, a dog for Katie. Sam thought Katie was still too young, but his wife had insisted, stating that she was Katie’s age when her father had gotten her and Paul a dog. She had been very happy having the constant companion to play with. They had debated breed and size for weeks. He was first tempted to buy the largest dog he could, picturing it dragging Katie from the water and tearing the legs off imagined pedophiles. He didn’t care if it ate more then he did as long as it kept his little girl safe. His wife had adopted a more levelheaded approach. After some time and debate they had narrowed it down to two choices—Sam leaning toward the German shepherd while she was promoting a border collie. He had been ready to give in that night, but while she was in the shower he had sneaked a look in the book to see what breed she was studying up on. German Shepherd. He decided to hold out for another day and see if he could win.
“Hey, Sam!”
Sam flinched at the sound of his brother-in-law calling from the bottom of the steps. He jumped to his feet and walked quietly to the master bath.
“Yeah?”
“Food,” Paul answered.
“Be right down.”
Sam flushed the toilet so Paul wouldn’t know he had just been sitting and brooding, ran the water in the sink and washed his hands. As he left the room, he bumped the purse hanging on the knob and knocked it to the floor. He stopped and looked at it before picking it up. As he turned to hang it back on the knob, he caught the scent of her perfume from the small bottle she had always kept with her. He inhaled deeply before hanging it up.
“Sam?”
“Coming,” he answered.
He returned to the bathroom and splashed some water on his face. Paul wouldn’t see him crying.
Paul looked up as Sam descended the stairs. He noticed that Sam’s color was a little off. Despite the slight tan he had acquired, he had lost his healthy glow. Maybe it was the Michigan weather. Everyone developed that pasty-white look this time of year. The local joke was that it came with the lake-effect snow. Still, he decided he would keep a closer eye on his brother-in-law’s appearance.
“What’s on the menu tonight?” Sam asked as he looked in the fridge.
“For me, a lovely frozen pizza, and for you, a doctor approved gourmet meal of chicken and rice, both very plain and rather bland. No need to thank me, it was my pleasure.”
Sam looked down at the plate on his end of the table. Two plain broiled chicken breasts sat on the plate with about a cup of plain white rice. He looked around the table and found no salt or pepper present. His eyes finally came to rest on Paul’s pizza.
“You have onions on that?”
“No, no, no, you will not be eating any pizza tonight. You have a visit with Dr. Maher bright and early, and I will be able to answer his questions honestly. Besides, it’s my pizza,” Paul replied.
Sam frowned at his plate and again as Paul opened a beer. Paul kept the beer somewhere in the house, but Sam had never been able to find it. Maybe in the garage, no, they would freeze out there. He gave up the thought and sat down with his chicken and rice. Paul was right. His gut could not tolerate pizza anymore. The coffee he had consumed over the past few days was bad enough. He looked at the clock and did some quick math to determine if it was safe eating this. He had learned to put plenty of time between his chemo and his last meal. Hopefully, he wouldn’t see this chicken again tomorrow.
“I almost forgot,” Paul said as he got up. Sam watched him walk to the counter and return with a small plate. As he set it down with a flourish next to Sam’s milk, he explained, “Dessert.”
Sam now had a plate full of pills to complete his meal.
“Very funny. Remind me to hate you later.”
“Yeah, yeah.” Paul returned to his seat, picking up the first slice before his butt hit the cushion. He quickly spit out the first bite as it burned his tongue.
“Now that’s karma!” Sam laughed.
They ate in silence until Sam was done. He nursed a second glass of milk and watched Paul consume his pizza.
“Did you get that thing made I asked for?”
Paul chewed and swallowed quickly before he replied. “Yep, down in the basement. Kind of a challenge for me. I mean, it’s a simple item to make, but there isn’t a lot of room for error, if that makes any sense. Test fired it out in the backyard. Surprised at how well it works, doesn’t sound at all like it does in the movies, but still real quiet. I don’t feel so bad about ruining the pistol now. Just what are your plans for it, anyway? It seems to go against your strong skills.”
“Not real sure right now,” Sam answered. “Sometimes you don’t have the long distance option, so I thought it would be a good idea to have one handy. In the old days, if you had to get close and be quiet you used a knife. That’s kinda messy. This lets me get close, do the deed and walk away clean. DNA and fiber clean anyway. How many did you make?”
Paul stopped with a slice halfway to his mouth. “How many? Just the one. Did you want more than that?” Paul was worried he had missed some instructions.
“Maybe, but not right now. Just thinking that maybe I should have asked for more. Was it hard? Can you do more if we need them?”
“Not that hard, just ate up a lot of time. I destroyed the plans when I was done, but that’s no problem. I remember all the dimensions. Need to buy some more material and fittings though if you want some more. Shop for some pistols, too,” Paul said.
Sam thought about that. The steel and fittings were no problem. People bought them every day. The pistols, however, weren’t an everyday thing. You had to show your face and there was paperwork. Maybe there was a gun show around they could check out. No paperwork, but the feds had been maintaining a presence at them since 9-11, including videotaping the crowd. He would have to think about it more.
“Let’s just hold off for now.”
“Okay,” Paul replied. “You have any thoughts on who’s next?”
“Well you tell me, what’s the schedule look like?” Sam asked.
“Giving you time after your chemo tomorrow, you could make it to the card show or the rally, but probably not both. You may have to blend in at the rally, but the card show shouldn’t be a problem. Everything is in place. Weather is nicer too,” Paul suggested.
“Sure he’s still coming? With the letter in the papers he has to think he’s a target.”
“According to the website he’s still coming. I really have no way of confirming it other than calling and asking. I’ll do that tomorrow.”
“Good,” Sam said. “He should have been first, but he would have been too much of a media draw and the family would have been immediate suspects. They’ve been through enough. He needs to be next, before he leaves the country or something.” Sam swirled the last of his milk around in the glass before draining it.
“I agree,” Paul replied. “At least now you have your long and short game up to par.”
Sam smiled at his brother-in-law’s joke. He shook his head as he got up to do the dishes.
“Did you read any of those books or magazines I got you?” asked Paul. He was still working on his pizza. He punctuated the question with a loud belch.
“I tried,” Sam replied. “I tried about three or four times on the plane but kept falling asleep. How people find sports cards so interesting is beyond me. How did you do it?”
“I haven’t since my teens, but I tell you I’m wishing I still did. Today it’s big money. Some of the cards I have up in the attic are worth some bucks. I need to get them down and store them properly. Worth some money down the road. Maybe I’ll retire young. Think you need to take some with you to fit in better?” He pushed himself and the wheeled chair across the room and handed Sam his pizza plate. He then spun a 180 and propelled himself back to the table and his beer.
Sam thought about that as he washed the plate before making the obvious decision. “No, I think that would just expose me as the fraud that I am. Better to just be a buyer, not a seller. Besides, I wouldn’t want to ruin your nest egg.”
Paul worked on his beer for a few minutes as he watched Sam load the dishwasher.
“DVR’s full again.”
Sam looked up at that. “What’s the word from the all-knowing-all-telling media?”
“The usual, Vigilante Killer Stalks Criminals. Sniper Speeds Justice to Victims.” Paul made quotation marks in the air with his greasy fingers. “They paint you as some nut that’s snapped for some reason and is off on a killing spree. A few so-called experts have weighed in. Mostly shrinks or authors on the subject. Did you know you have a deeply troubled mind and are being pushed by a lack of perceived fairness you received from your parents as a child? The guy had thirteen letters after his name, so it must be true.”
Sam smiled. “Yeah, I’ve been meaning to work on that. Sometimes I look in the toilet before I flush it, too. Anything else?”
“One interesting thing, you know how on one of the FOX news shows they have that rapid-fire viewer mail? Well evidently you have some fans. A lot of people are writing in and giving you a thumbs up, telling the talking heads to stick it, and some even agreeing with the letter. One guy even said he’d help you if given the chance. They even had a cop on, didn’t show his face of course, saying he understood the frustration that you must be feeling. How he felt it all the time, but had the discipline to not act on it. He didn’t so much condemn what you’re doing, but didn’t necessarily say it was wrong either. They had him watch the tape of the Ping shooting and give it a play-by-play. By the way, that picture you saw of all the cops, including the wounded one, smiling down at the body on the steps? It made the front page in every paper yesterday. Your fifteen minutes has begun.” Paul saluted the occasion with his beer.
Sam flopped down in his chair with a dishrag still in his hands. “What about the letter? Are they still printing it?”
“With almost every article,” Paul replied.
“Word-for-word?”
“Yes and no. All the papers have printed something close. Only one has printed a story with it that explains that the FBI has most likely changed it in some way, to separate the original shooter from any copiers. He didn’t go into detail, or speculate on what was changed, but the information was there.”
“Who, the Post?”
“No, a young man from Orlando.” Paul couldn’t help but smile at this point.
“Danny Drake?”
“Yes. It would seem my second round pick is working out rather well.”
Sam thought that over for a minute while he repeatedly dried his hands. It would be at least a few days until he went back to work. The media would continue to chew on the story until he provided something new. They would get distracted by some celebrity bullshit or another government scandal, but they wouldn’t stray too far from this, it was too juicy of a story. The Maryland sniper had the country glued to their sets for weeks before the anticlimactic ending. As much as he despised the press, he needed them. They would have to be careful.
“Let’s see what the press does in the next few days. If they all pick up on Danny’s story and include the alteration angle, we’ll keep them on the list. If not, then we’ll reduce it to just Danny.” Sam looked at his brother-in-law for an opinion.
Paul loudly sipped his beer and rocked in the chair for a few minutes before replying. “My first thought was we would reduce our coverage, but I guess that’s kinda stupid now. Between CNN and FOX, we can’t get much more. It’s even on the BBC. Like you said, it’s too juicy for them to drop it just because we drop them. It does however give Danny first crack at spinning it. As much as I like him, there’s no denying that he’s young. Are you sure you want him being our messenger? I thought the more voices the better?”
“From what I’ve read and what you tell me, he’s had two or three insights so far that the others haven’t and been right every time. I mean, this guy is actually thinking it out instead of just reporting it. He’s not an anchor or a producer. He doesn’t work for a tabloid. He sounds like an honest-to-God journalist, and you and I both know they are a rarity these days. I’d rather have one good voice than a bunch of parrots feeding people information for us. Wouldn’t you?”
Paul thought for a few seconds before shaking his head and standing up. “Hell, Sam, why do you make me try and think when I’m full of pizza and beer? Let’s watch the damn DVR and I’ll dwell on this for a day.” He turned and stomped into the living room toward the big screen. Sam saw the ring Paul had worn into the back pocket of his jeans from carrying endless cans of chewing tobacco. Something he had quickly given up after Sam had been diagnosed.
He rose from his chair to follow Paul. What was it Paul had called the pocket? Oh yeah, he smiled, his condom pocket.
—TWENTY-THREE—
The state of Minnesota holds 7,865 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 5,269 are repeat offenders.


“Well, what do we have?”
“Not much.” Sydney went first, to everyone’s relief. “The rifle was recovered from the dumpster intact. Same make and model as the first one. No prints, but at least we can match it to the round that killed the victim. Some fibers recovered from the scene and some yet to be recovered from the Superglue. He left quite a bit of hardware behind and the locals are trying to figure out were he may have purchased it.”
“Excuse me?” Jack interrupted.
“What?” Sydney looked up from her notes.
“Trace it how, exactly?”
“The glue, bells, boots, light bulbs, they all have brand names or lot numbers that can be traced. He may have acquired them all from the same place. If we can determine the place, we can check receipts. If a receipt is found with those items, we have a time and date of purchase. Then we start looking at surveillance camera footage,” she explained.
Jack just shook his head with a smile. He heard a laugh from Larry.
“Are you Big Brother or am I?” Larry asked.
“I’m sorry,” Jack said. “Go on.”
Sydney smiled back before continuing. “The boot print matches a popular brand sold everywhere. The size does match the shoes from the first shooting however. No wear on the tread. They were brand new.” She flipped her pad shut.
“That’s it?” Jack asked.
“You said keep it quick. Everything else is waiting for lab work. The rest is speculation,” she answered.
“All right. Larry?”
Larry loosened his tie further than it already was before sitting on the edge of his seat. “I kept my interviews limited to the witness in the alley, a lawyer who may have entered with the shooter, and the cops at the scene. We have a decent description, but the man wore sunglasses and a hard hat, worker’s clothing complete with tool belt, some items on the belt she remembers. Maybe we should add them to your shopping list Sydney.” He paused and flipped a page. “White male. Six foot or a little more. Clean shaven. Muscular. He spoke American English with no accent. I have the artist drawing and some copies for you. Second witness says he held the door for such a person as described, but has little memory of his looks, remembers him carrying something long. Went to the forth floor. Claims he was reading his paper and really not paying attention. Nothing else from him.” Larry paused again for a big yawn that he struggled to check. “Sorry, talked to all the cops including the one who got hit. Nothing good on their end. Shot was there long before they heard it. One that got hit was impressed with the shooter. Said when we catch him tell him no apology necessary.” Larry rolled his eyes at that. “Other than that, Jack, they have nothing to offer. No suspicious people on the steps. Camera footage shows nothing unusual. Audio confirms only one shot. Looks like a one-man show again.”
Jack took the information in silence. It was what he had expected. But what was he hoping for anyway, a grassy knoll? Maybe Sydney’s shopping list would bear some fruit, but, if it did, it would be awhile. Could they gain any more by staying here? No, he decided. They would move on. Larry’s yawn only showed how tired they were, and the time change wasn’t helping. They needed time for the lab rats to do their thing. It made the decision easier.
“Everything you can copy, carry or fit on the plane comes with us. Pass out your cards to everybody and make some friends before we go. Have the rest shipped overnight to headquarters. All the lab work needs to be forwarded also. Make sure everyone has the right address and contact information. While you’re doing that, I’ll talk to the damn press again and call the Director. Back at the plane in—” he glanced at the wall clock and factored in the time change, “—three hours. You can all sleep on the plane.”
Any complaints were kept to themselves as they all rose and filed out of the room. Sydney lingered until they were all gone. He knew what she was going to say.
“I know, I know. We’re all tired. I just need a few more hours, and then everyone gets a break. No work on the plane.”
She closed her mouth and swallowed what she was going to say.
“I hate it when you do that,” she said instead.
“I know that, too.”
*    *    *
Sam sat in his usual chair staring out the window at the rain. The slight burning sensation was in the left arm this time. Dr. Maher had tried to talk him into having a port installed when he had first been diagnosed. Sam had resisted to the point that they had given in. So far his veins had held up to the abuse. Sam couldn’t really explain it, but he did not like the idea of a foreign object in his body. Despite all the scars from his days in the military, he was free of any metal. He preferred to keep it that way.
Sam propped his head up with his hand and felt himself nodding off. He rearranged his butt in the chair as best he could. He had to stay awake. Sleeping wasn’t allowed during chemotherapy. The staff couldn’t tell if you were having a reaction or just sleeping. He tried a few tricks he had learned in sniper school. Tickling the roof of his mouth with his tongue sent a shiver through him and woke his brain up. He reached for the cup of ice chips and crunched some. He had slept in until after 9 a.m., yet he was still tired. The chair wasn’t helping. You were supposed to stay awake, yet they put you in a nice recliner for the duration. Sam couldn’t decide if it fit the definition of irony, but he doubted it was far off.
Thinking about the last few days, Sam knew why he was tired. His body just wasn’t up to the mission as it was before. Something he was slowly coming to terms with. The frequent pain in his gut was increasing in intensity. The fatigue was more and more present. He had a feeling this visit was not going to be a good one.
He saw the reflection of Dr. Maher in the window as he entered the room. He followed him with his eyes as the doctor had a quiet conversation with the nurse at the desk before picking up a clipboard and walking toward Sam. Sam turned to meet his gaze as he approached.
“Hey, Doc.” Sam offered a smile and a hand.
“Sam, good to see you. You’re late,” Dr. Maher accused.
“Yeah, a few days. Sorry about that.”
“Don’t apologize to me. You’re the one who needs it.”
“Point taken.”
“What held you up this time?”
Sam added some sarcasm to his reply. “Well, I was up in the mountains. You know, watching the eagles and the elk and all. Postcard scenes everywhere I turned. Then it hit me, I better get back to Michigan before the rain stops or I’m gonna miss it.”
Dr. Maher couldn’t help but laugh. “Okay, you got me there. But you need to understand that this is important. If we’re gonna beat this, it’s best that you keep your treatments on schedule.”
“Labs are bad aren’t they?” Sam asked.
Dr. Maher slumped back in the chair next to Sam and looked him in the eye. “No, no they’re not. How have you been feeling the last few days?”
Sam decided this would be a good time for the truth, at least about his health. “Not good. I’ve been pretty active. I know you told me to rest, but that’s just never been me. Especially now. I have too much I want to see, so I’ve been pushing it a little. I’m tired all the time. As long as I’m doing something I’m okay, but as soon as I sit down I’m out. Spiked a couple of fevers a few days ago.” Sam hesitated before going on. “And the pain is worse.”
Dr. Maher took this information in silence. He had come to know Sam as well as one could in this situation. In medical school they had told him to be friendly, but don’t become a friend. It was very hard to do with someone like Sam. Sam was a proud man and also a tough one. He had always shrugged off the pain in the past. To admit to it now was something to be addressed. But they had another problem.
“Tell me about these fevers. How long do they last and how high does your temperature get?”
“Not sure how high they get, never stuck a thermometer in my mouth. Pretty high. They last a few minutes to a few hours. Woke me up once.”
“It’s a sign of infection. Your lab work is showing that your B-cells are lower. We may have to stop the chemotherapy until they come up some.”
“Stop the chemo? Didn’t you just say we needed to stay on schedule?”
“Yes.”
“Well then how...” Sam realized what was being said.
“It’s a balancing act, Sam. I’d like you to stay close for a few weeks. Can you do that for me?”
Sam thought it through for a moment. They were too far into it to quit now.
“No, I already have the next trip set up.”
“Postpone it? Just a couple of weeks,” Maher asked.
Sam smiled at the doctor. “That would kind of defeat the purpose wouldn’t it?”
“Yeah, I guess.”
“Besides, what are the odds now?” Sam added.
Dr. Maher shook his head at that. “I don’t give odds, Sam. We fight like we aim to win. That’s all there is in my book.”
“Fair enough,” Sam agreed.
They paused for an uncomfortable silence before Maher remembered the clipboard. “Janet’s gonna bleed you some, and then poke you a couple of times. Have you out in about thirty minutes.”
“Great. Thanks, Doc.”
Maher rose and stuck out a hand.
“Next week?” he pried.
“Little after,” Sam answered.
“Okay.”
Maher turned and walked back toward the desk, scribbling in the chart. Sam turned and contemplated the steady drizzle running down the window.
*    *    *
Danny had contacted every source that he knew. The official police press statement was in his briefcase, along with several back articles from the local papers. Several rolls of film had been sent to his editor. He had emailed part one of his story a couple of hours ago and wondered if that had been a wise decision. He really had no idea what he was going to do for part two. It was a foolish decision in hindsight. He was waiting for a call from Jack, he just didn’t want to admit it. Even if Jack did call, that didn’t mean he would get any useful information from him. Danny knew he was being used, but so far Jack had been up front and honest about it, which was a lot more than most informants were. Was Jack an informant? Hard to say really. True, he had told Danny things that the rest of the press had not been privy to. It had been just enough to keep Danny a little ahead of the game. Maybe it was a test? To see what Danny did with the information he was given before the real good stuff was released? Or to see if Danny had the balls to do what Jack needed? Nevertheless, the phone had yet to ring again.
He turned it off as he boarded the plane. It was a long flight back to Orlando.
—TWENTY-FOUR—
The state of Mississippi holds 23,182 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 15,531 are repeat offenders.


Sam sat in seat 14F on NorthWest flight 1108 out of Detroit. He attempted to sleep, but the loud drone of the engines, combined with the constant shifting of the passenger next to him, made it impossible. Sam cracked an eyelid and assessed the man. About 5'8", 250 or 260. Couple of chins. Suit. Also trying to sleep. Why would anyone wear a suit on a flight that left the gate at 9:14 in the evening? Sam looked over his shoulder at the rest of the plane. It was mostly dark, the majority reading or trying to sleep.
He shoved his head back into the wadded up fleece pullover he had worn to the gate. The drone of the engines traveled right through it. Rolls Royce engines. It had occurred to him as they had climbed to altitude. They had a distinctive hum. Not surprising, since it was an Airbus plane.
He had been at the airport an hour prior to takeoff as was required now since 9-11. The transit through the new security gates had been long but easy, the attendants polite when the alarms went off for forgotten keys, change, and such. A young man had gone through in front of him and alarmed repeatedly, until he remembered his dog tags and pulled them from his shirt with some embarrassment. Sam remembered the feeling. Wearing the things for so long you forgot they were there. The soldier was quickly passed with a few heartfelt thank you’s from both the security people and a few passengers. Something Sam was very happy to see.
He moved with the crowd toward the departure gates, well familiar with the layout. Instead of opting for the tram, he walked toward his favorite feature of the terminal. NorthWest had its own terminal in Detroit and had chosen to include a large animated water fountain in its center. Sam had found himself sitting through an entire show when he first encountered it, and usually had the time to catch a repeat every time he flew. The fountain looked like nothing special till the show began and a series of jets shot water in various arcs across it from a variety of directions. The speed slowly increased until the jets were leaping over and under each other, becoming too fast to follow. It was a model of both art and engineering, of which Sam was a fan. Despite it being in the middle of the terminal, Sam chose the area for its anonymity. Passengers either walked past in a hurry to make their flights, or watched the fountain. Nobody really paid attention to the people watching the fountain. He hid in plain sight.
Now seated in the cramped coach section and giving up on sleep, Sam reviewed the information on the man he was traveling to see. TJ Olson was famous for two reasons. At one time he had been the National Baseball League’s home run super star. A young man from the state of Florida, he had grown up being groomed for greatness. His father, a former catcher for the Boston Red Sox, and his uncle, a major league batting coach, had taught from an early age what it took to hit a baseball. His tall frame and sharp eyes made him an outstanding hitter and he did well, pulling his college team to several winning seasons, and himself a quick shot at the pros. His first two years of major league ball were not as fruitful. He was not quite ready for the speed and skill he encountered from the major league pitchers. Looking for an edge, he turned to steroids. When he put fifteen pounds of muscle on his frame before reporting for spring training, it could not help but be noticed. But TJ worked with the best, and when it came time for testing he always came up clean. His home runs began racking up and the players, coaches, and fans all overlooked the growing physique of the young ball player. TJ prospered. Endorsements came with large paychecks, and he was soon seen on various red carpets with several of Hollywood’s single females.
But TJ’s success and constant time in the spotlight brought his demons out of the closet. An athlete from a young age, TJ’s body had been able to handle the drinking and drug use that slowly had been creeping further and further into his life. After a sidewalk interview following a movie premiere, a clearly intoxicated TJ, unsteady on his feet, walked to his car and drove away. It was soon on all the networks and his rumored drug use was now confirmed. A drunk driving arrest that had been buried since collage was soon resurrected and TJ was the in the press for some time. Sponsors cancelled their contracts, prompting TJ to hit the bottle even harder. A few months later he was found unconscious in his Mercedes, which he had somehow managed to drive off the road. The paparazzi swarmed and TJ’s mug shot was on everyone’s TV screen the next day. The judge slapped him on the wrist and sent him to rehab, which, to no one’s surprise, he managed to finish in time for spring training.
Here TJ’s problems continued, and the years of drinking, steroids, and drug use were taking their toll. His batting average suffered but he still managed to keep his home runs adding up. But with the press and the fans constantly hounding him, he soon turned back to the bottle. Four months into the season he was once again convicted of drunk driving after he drove into a parked car. Since he had both drugs and alcohol in the car and his system, the judge gave him a few days in jail that time. The sentence was shortened dramatically by the sheriff who claimed it was due to overcrowding. TJ once again shuffled off to another record setting recovery at a celebrity rehab facility.
The pattern continued for the next three years with TJ’s plight making its way onto the national TV screens on a regular basis. Drunk driving, fights on the baseball field and with the paparazzi were attributed to ‘roid-rage’ and more stints in rehab. He never spent long in jail and was always out in time for spring training. Despite the setbacks he still managed to set the all-time record for home runs before quickly retiring. It was thought that with the pressures of baseball behind him TJ might finally manage to beat the drugs and alcohol.
A young actress became pregnant and TJ found himself married. The marriage was rocky from the start, with tabloid coverage and steroid rumors adding to the fire. The police were regulars at the Olson household for various domestic disputes. Charges were always dropped. Until the night of Christmas Eve.
It was a night that America would hear about for the next two years. A call reporting an accident a few blocks from the Olson household turned up the car of TJ Olson. It was wrapped around a tree and his young wife’s body was found behind the wheel. Blood was found on both sides of the shattered windshield, as well as on the concrete leading away. Officers sent to TJ’s home found him unconscious and bleeding on the floor of his bedroom. The press had a field day. An ambulance was summoned and brought Olson to the hospital. He was found to be highly intoxicated. When awakened and questioned he claimed to remember nothing about the accident. He did, however, claim he wasn’t driving the car. The detective didn’t buy the story, suspecting that TJ had moved her body before walking home from the scene. He was arrested in the emergency room.
What followed was the worst example of the American justice system ever seen. TJ spent a majority of his vast fortune on the most famous criminal lawyers in the country. The judge foolishly allowed cameras into the courtroom, and the trial of TJ Olson became daily dirt for the American public. The jury was forced into sequestration by the judge. Every expert that could be bought was paraded across the witness stand to confuse the jury. Money was no object. No theory too outrageous. After eight months, the jury was weary and wanted their own lives back. The prosecution painted a simple picture. Blood evidence in the car. The wife’s hair in the windshield on the passenger’s side. The setting of the driver’s seat and mirrors. Injuries to TJ’s head and hands. A picture of the couple out that night with drinks in hand. The dinner and bar bill from TJ’s credit card. The phone and police records. The blood test from the hospital. It seemed like an easy case.
To the shock of the nation, TJ was acquitted on all counts. The outrage was heard across the nation on every talk show and news magazine. The prosecutors left the state in disgust. The jury members received hate mail and death threats. TJ promptly left California and returned to Florida, where as a native son, he was more welcome. A much poorer man, he began to make appearances at sports memorabilia shows, signing cards and jerseys for his still remaining loyal fans. One show was scheduled for this coming Saturday at the Germain Arena in Ft. Myers, Florida, not far from his home.
Sam had a ticket.
*    *    *
After a quick night’s sleep at a local hotel, Sam was up and in his rental car on the way to the arena. Passing a variety of urban sprawl, Sam was both shocked and appalled by the growth that had occurred since his last visit just a few years ago with his wife and daughter. Strip malls, shopping complexes, miles of new roads, towering condominium complexes and several new gated communities were now in an area Sam remembered being only empty land. He weaved in and out of several dump trucks as he made his way toward the arena. The age of his fellow drivers was expected—old. Florida was the retirement destination of the east coast and Midwest states. A variety of license plates could be seen every time he paused at a stop light. It was “in season” as the locals called it, just plain winter to everyone else, the time when their city population grew by over 100% due to the snowbirds arriving from the north. The age took a sudden turn toward the late teens and early twenties as he approached Florida Gulf Coast University, less than a mile from the arena. Traffic picked up even more as he was also near a large outlet mall. Traffic could be a problem; he may have to re-think his exit plan.
Sam chose a parking spot out away from the building with an easy access to the one street entrance. The building was designed for all-around use. A hurricane shelter when needed, it had a steeply sloped roof of metal and a solid concrete structure. Hockey and other sports were the main draw, but the occasional show, such as today, would make use of the facility. Sam caught sight of a life-sized cardboard cutout of the man he was here to see as he walked in the entrance. Would have been handy for practice, he thought with a smile. He dug in his pocket for the ticket and was soon waved through by a young lady working the gate. Probably a student from the college Sam thought as he paused at the inner entrance and took in the sight of the show.
The floor was crowded with booths and tables. Some large and covering several square feet, and some small and manned by a father-son team. Banners hung from the upper deck with the names of the various companies sponsoring the show. Names like Topps, Fleer, Upper Deck and Naxcom were everywhere. All names unfamiliar to Sam. He stopped at a booth and bought a copy of a Beckett magazine and a Sports Collector’s Digest. Holding them to help blend in, he wandered from booth to booth. They seemed to be grouped by sport. Baseball was prominent, but he also saw a variety of other sports. He lingered over a large hockey collection, finding his Detroit Redwings. He smiled as he poked a Steve Yzerman bobble-head. A signed jersey hung on the wall behind the booth and Sam was actually tempted.
The PA system squawked and Sam turned to see a man up on the small stage at the far end of the arena. He annoyingly tapped the microphone a few times before addressing the crowd.
“Hello, sports fans. Welcome to the Germain Arena. I know you’re all awaiting the arrival of our featured guest. He should be along in a few minutes. Before he arrives, I would like to announce a charity drawing that will take place today. This is not in the flyer we put out, this is a new addition. For a small twenty-dollar donation, you can be entered to win a round of golf tomorrow morning at the new Renaissance Golf Club here in Fort Myers with our special guest, Mr. TJ Olson! All proceeds will go to the Fort Myers United Way. I would also like to point out that the Renaissance Golf Club has graciously offered to match all donations dollar for dollar! You may enter your name here at the front of the stage. Good luck to you all.”
Sam quickly calculated his chances of winning, even though it was not a viable option. Be one hell of a headline though, he thought. The Renaissance—that might be just the opening he needed. He strolled the aisles of the show for another half an hour before departing. He didn’t need to see TJ’s smiling face up on the stage.
Back in the car he weighed his options as he let the air conditioning remove the heat from the interior. He needed more information. Putting the car in gear, he left the arena and drove in the direction of the outlet mall. As he suspected, there were several other stores and restaurants nearby. He pulled into a gas station and topped off the tank. As he entered the store to pay, he wandered until he found a newspaper rack. Picking up a copy of the local paper, he also grabbed a few real estate magazines that were always on display. The cashier was a young man, maybe in his mid-twenties, with an intelligent look to him. He calmly took Sam’s bottle of Gatorade and stacks of papers and rang them up.
“Anything else, sir?” he asked.
“Do you know where the Renaissance Golf Club is, by chance?” Sam inquired.
“Yeah, actually I do. Just take this road here past the mall and out to 75. Take 75 north to Daniels Parkway and get off going west. It’s on the right I think.” He pointed as he spoke.
“75 north to Daniels, west on Daniels. I got it. Thanks.” Sam nodded.
“No problem.”
Sam exited the store repeating the instructions. Good kid, he thought, must get asked for directions a hundred times a day, lucky for me.
Sam fought traffic for a few blocks to the freeway entrance. As he merged with the 80 mph traffic he found himself boxed in by dump trucks, cement trucks, heating and air, lawn care and every other kind of truck. The construction boom was in full swing in southwest Florida. Sam wisely stayed in his lane as he was unsure how far it was to Daniels Road. He didn’t have to wait long. It was the same exit as the airport, more good luck. He made the exit and soon fought more traffic as he moved west on Daniels, but he saw the sign too late to make the turn. Fighting his way across three lanes he made it to the turn lane and, finding a gap in traffic, pulled a U-turn and backtracked until he saw it again. The entrance was behind a Denny’s. Odd, Sam thought as he pulled in. The gated entrance stopped his forward progress and he rolled down the window as the guard approached.
“Good morning,” the guard offered. “Who are you visiting today, sir?”
“No one in particular. I was hoping to look at some real estate?” Sam answered.
“I’m afraid we require that you be accompanied by a realtor, sir. We just get too many sightseers, and it slows down the construction traffic. Still lots of homes available though.” The guard handed him a small booklet with the layout of the development. “There’s a list of realtors in the back.”
Sam thumbed the brochure quickly before smiling back at the guard. “Thanks, I’ll be back.”
“Good day to you.”
The guard quickly returned to his air-conditioned kiosk and shut the door. Sam took in the heavy gate, its hydraulics system, the high wall, and the keypad entry station, before slipping the rental car in gear and pulling through the turn around.
He pulled into the Denny’s parking lot out of view of the gate. Taking all the fruit of his morning travels with him, he entered the restaurant and found a table in sight of the gate. He ordered a light breakfast and went over the materials. Before his food arrived, he had the beginnings of a plan.
—TWENTY-FIVE—
The state of Missouri holds 30,303 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 20,303 are repeat offenders.


Two hours later Sam stood in the lobby of a realtor’s office. He had returned the original rental car to the lender and upgraded to a Cadillac from a different company. He had also returned to the hotel and changed into his most expensive set of clothes. He was now wearing a pricey golf shirt and shorts, $200 loafers, and his Rolex watch. He capped it off with a pair of Revo sunglasses he had bought for the original trip to Florida. Satisfied he looked the part, he called a few realtors until he found one willing to see him today. He now stood in the office with a gourmet cup of coffee in his hands.
Despite the fact that it was a weekend, the office was buzzing. There was a killing to be made in the current market and competition was high. The receptionist fielded phone calls via a headset while sorting and filing documents with her free hands. Sam admired her proficiency while he waited. It wasn’t long.
An attractive middle-aged woman appeared in the doorway with an armful of documents and a couple of cell phones. She stuck out a free hand in his direction.
“Mr. Gudobba? Did I pronounce that right? I’m Kristy Barrett, we spoke on the phone.”
Sam shook the offered hand. “Yes and yes, about the Renaissance development.”
The woman smiled. Sam couldn’t blame her. The brochure had listed the cheapest condo in the eight-hundred thousand dollar range. Homes were in the millions. The membership fee to the golf club was eighty-five thousand alone. He smiled as she took in the Rolex and the shoes. She could smell the commission already.
“What type of home are you looking for?” she asked.
How much money am I worth? Sam decided to make her day. “I’m looking for two actually, one for myself and one for my parents. They’re getting up there and well, I’d like to have them closer.”
“How nice.” The grin got bigger and she scanned his left hand. No ring she saw. Was this her lucky day?
“Would you like to go over the information?” she asked.
“I’d rather just see them first, if that’s all right,” Sam replied.
“No problem at all. Right this way.”
As he was led out the door and across the parking lot, Sam made a big show of aiming the remote at the Cadillac and thumbing the lock button. The chirp of the horn ensured that she didn’t miss it. More help for his cover.
They got into her Jeep Cherokee, the backseat full of maps, brochures and files for which she apologized profusely. Sam let it go with a smile and was soon watching her navigate the horrendous traffic in the direction of Daniels Parkway. She gave a running description of the property, but Sam had read most of it from the literature. He half listened as she dodged cars and yellow lights until he heard a questioning tone.
“Where are you from, Mr. Gudobba?”
“Michigan,” he replied. “Grand Rapids.”
“We have a lot of people here from that part of the country.”
“I’m sure,” he answered and left it at that. He had learned not to claim another part of the country as home. You never knew where the person you were talking to was from, and it was easy to be caught in a lie. Best to always pick a place you knew well. Grand Rapids was just north of Kalamazoo and Sam knew the town well.
He scanned the guard shack as they pulled up. As expected, the realtor pulled into the lane with the keypad. Sam adjusted himself forward in the seat as she rolled the window down and had an unobstructed view as she carefully punched in the access code with a manicured fingernail. He quickly repeated the code in his head three times, committing it to memory. That was one item off the list. As they pulled through, he spotted the security guard from that morning talking to a lawn care crew in a pickup truck. He wasn’t even looking his way. Sam returned his gaze out the front windshield as they pulled through and into the complex. He now compared the layout of the streets before him to the bird’s-eye view offered in the brochure. He noted that several homes were still in the construction phase, from cement slabs to the finishing touches. He tried to get a count, but there were too many.
“Would you like to see the clubhouse first? It’s lovely,” she asked.
“No, my time is rather limited. Let’s see some homes first.”
“All right, do you prefer lakefront or golf course view?”
“Golf course.”
*    *    *
An hour later and Sam was ready to leave. He gazed out the second-story windows of a three million dollar home and had his pick of three tees and two greens. All within rifle range. From the other two homes already viewed, he had seen similar views. All would serve his purpose well. He had obtained item two even more easily than the first. The realtor had fumbled with the small lockbox hanging from the door handle until Sam had offered to help. She dictated the code as Sam punched it in and obtained the door key. The code had been the same as the gate key code and had worked on every house so far. So much for the illusion of security, Sam thought. He was pleased to see that all the homes contained fireplaces. Something he didn’t quite understand, as the temperature in Florida never got low enough to need one. But he was a northerner, what did he know?
The realtor had excused herself and was in the kitchen talking on the cell phone again, so Sam took the opportunity to snap a few pictures of the view with his digital camera. He had already taken several shots. For “Mom and Dad,” he had explained. He wandered to the garage door and stepped out into the three-car space. He quickly glanced around and was rewarded with a garage door opener taped to the wall. He palmed it and shoved it in the pocket of his shorts. He quickly returned to the house just as the realtor was finishing up.
“Well, what do you think of this one?” she asked. “It’s my favorite one in the development.”
“It’s very nice. I’m not sure I need this much space, but it’s very nice.”
“Is it just you?” she asked, taking advantage of the opportunity.
“Just me.”
He got a big smile in return.
“Would you mind if we cut this short?” he asked. “I’m afraid I have a meeting to make.”
“Not at all. I insist we at least drive by the clubhouse on the way out. It would be a shame to not see it.”
“All right.” Sam let her win.
Sam nodded politely as she drove past the massive structure, pointing out its amenities. His thoughts were already elsewhere.
*    *    *
Sam had found himself cursing his brother-in-law as he drove through the traffic getting to the storage unit Paul had chosen in Cape Coral. Sam had been forced to drive over a half hour through traffic to get to it. After consulting a map at a stop light, he found two alternate routes by which to return. It required a toll at the bridge, but he could deal with that. The traffic was the worst problem. He was starting to wonder about his exit strategy. His original intent was to simply drive out of town and catch a flight in another city. The traffic and lack of exits from the city made him uncomfortable with that. He now sat in the storage unit, which was thankfully air conditioned, and contemplated his map. From the development he had easy access to I-75, which ran north to Tampa and south to Naples. From Naples it turned due east and became ‘Alligator Alley,’ which cut straight across the Everglades to Miami. The problem with that was there were very few exits that didn’t dead end. That meant he was subject to a roadblock should someone get a description. To the north, he had a choice of I-75 or 41, both of which ended in Tampa before providing alternatives. To the east were several small two-lane back roads. None of which provided a major airport until he hit Orlando or the east coast. Staying low in the area was not an option. It went against his training. From sniper to submariner, you never stayed in the area where you had just fired a shot. He was also due for more chemotherapy. Something he was not looking forward to doing. He would have to spend some more time on this later. Right now he had work to do.
Sam put down the map and pulled the crate closer. He had already removed the rifle and found it to be adequate for his purposes, but he was unsure about the scope. From the range he would be shooting he could use iron sights. A spotting scope was also in the crate and Sam packed it in the car as well. A box of ammunition and a new set of clothes topped off the items he needed. Sam closed the cardboard boxes and re-stacked them so the dummies were again on top. In the event that the unit was burglarized, he hoped the thieves would stop after not finding anything valuable in the first couple of boxes. He didn’t want dynamite loose on the streets. Sam stood and went over his mental list. He was done here. The rest of what he needed could be had at the Home Depot he had passed on the way here.
He soon had the car out of the unit and pulled out onto Pine Island Road heading back toward the river. He passed a Lowes at the next intersection, but he was a Home Depot man. A mile later he was in the parking lot and walking toward the big orange building. Inside, he became lost in the sea of humanity all working on the current weekend project. He quickly found the few items he needed: a gas can, set of coveralls, gloves, three dowel rods, a roll of electrical tape and a lighter. Back in the parking lot, he consulted the map again before deciding to backtrack to Del Prado and go south through Cape Coral before crossing the river closer to Daniels Parkway. The traffic should be lighter by now.
An hour later found Sam in his hotel room on Daniels Parkway, not far from the Renaissance. A car had been ordered and dropped off from Enterprise. He was pleased to see it was a very ordinary mid-size as hoped. He left his items in their plastic bags and donned his running shoes. Dressed casually and for the heat, he left the Cadillac and drove the new car to Denny’s for a late dinner. After a quick drive around the shared parking lot, he chose a parking spot in back of a neighboring building on the border of the lot. It was out of sight of both the business entrances, and due to its make and model, he felt it wouldn’t cause undue attention if left for the night. He had a quiet meal in a half-filled room before leaving and walking back to his hotel. Sam was surprised to find himself so tired. He had been running nonstop since his arrival, and did not have his usual strength due to the chemo. Some downtime was in order. Without bothering to take a shower, he collapsed onto the bed. The three escape options were on his mind, but he was soon asleep.
*    *    *
The Gulfstream cruised at forty-two thousand feet, and other than some snoring, the cabin was silent. Everyone was asleep but one. Some people just have a hard time sleeping on planes, and this person was one of them. The fatigue had hit them all and keeping the eyes open was a challenge. At least there was data to read, plenty of it. Everyone had a pile next to them. The GPS map on the wall showed them over Kansas, a few more hours to DC. Then the jet lag would really hit. Flying east was always worse than flying west. Trying to remember why just started a headache.
The report currently being read was from the officers assigned to the escort duty. The top one was from the man who was shot. It was actually a transcript of the interview and he proclaimed to admire the shooter, even voicing, off the record, his support and admiration for the man. He had finally been allowed to share his views on Mr. Ping and he hadn’t held back. Was he an accomplice? No, just close to retirement and able to speak his mind. An accomplice wouldn’t have taken a bullet, would he? It was something to consider though.
The fax machine buzzed and spit out paper. A look around the cabin and it was obvious the noise wasn’t going to wake anyone. After a few sheets it was done and the papers were collected.
The Department of Defense sniper list. It showed past and current snipers from all branches of the service. The legend at the bottom explained the various marks next to each name. Some were deployed overseas, some on ships at sea, some “cleared by location” meaning they were on a mission somewhere and that was all you were getting. Others were in jail. Some were in hospitals. Others wounded and ruled out due to injury. A VA report with the list showed who was sick and who was not. Marriage status. Current job. Education level. Race, color, residency. All this and more.
One of these men could be their shooter. He was out there doing something everyone in law enforcement had thought about at least once in their career. That was evident by all his fans. Even the press had jumped on the bandwagon. More and more calls were being aired proclaiming their support for the man. He was becoming an American hero as a growing number of admirers voiced their opinion. He was gaining followers everyday.
Including this agent. The papers were quickly hidden in a personal carry-on bag. The lights stayed off for the remainder of the flight.
—TWENTY-SIX—
The state of Montana holds 3,620 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 2,425 are repeat offenders.


Sam’s internal alarm jerked him awake. He quickly looked around for the alarm clock. 0500. He flopped back down on the bed with a sigh of relief. He silently cursed himself for sleeping like that. His planned on twenty minute combat nap had turned into six hours of sleep. He woke up in the same position he had lain down in. His body was telling him something. Fortunately, his brain still ran the show, and woke him up at his usual hour. He lay listening to the sounds of the hotel. Some traffic could faintly be heard, an engine started in the parking lot; nothing that required his attention. He reached under the pillow to check on the Browning, just in case. Its cool steel and rubber grip were reassuring.
He sat up and was met with his reflection in the mirror. He looked himself over for a few seconds before voicing an opinion.
“You look like shit, Sam.”
He nodded to himself in agreement, and then shook his head in disgust. There was work to do and what was he doing? Talking to himself in the mirror. He pushed himself up and strode to the bathroom, shedding clothes on the way. The hot and then cold shower cleared his head and got his muscles moving. He then managed to brush his teeth while only retching once on the toothpaste. For some reason chemo and toothpaste did not go together. He toweled off and then emptied his bags from the trip yesterday onto the bed. The TV remote was present, so he thumbed the set on and chose a local channel. The usual, crime, weather, sports, more crime. He tuned it out as he dressed. Today he would make his own news.
The large duffel bag he had packed at the storage unit was ready. He contemplated his new look in the mirror. The coveralls looked okay over the casual clothes. He took them off and packed them as well. He did a mental check as he gazed around the room. Once he left, he wouldn’t be coming back. It was no time to forget anything.
Finally satisfied, he placed the bag next to the door before returning to the bathroom and wiping down every surface. He worked his way out of the bathroom and into the main room, repeating the process as he went. When the room was as clean as he could make it, he threw the towel in the bag and left. He saw no one in the hallway or in the parking lot. Sunday morning at 5 a.m. was not a high traffic time. He quickly opened the Cadillac and sniffed for gas fumes. None. The cap on the new can was tight. He slipped the car in gear and drove to the Renaissance. As he passed the large birdbath-like fountain and approached the gate, he could see the guard slumped in the kiosk with the doors and windows shut. He looked up as Sam approached, but when Sam angled to the resident’s gate, he returned to the book he was reading. Sam quickly rolled the window down and punched the numbers in. He held his breath until the gate opened with a jerk. With a final glance at the guard, he drove through and headed toward the house he had seen the day before. The similar design of the homes confused Sam at first, but he soon got his bearings as he continued down the familiar streets in the dark. An early morning dog walker was out on the cart path around the golf course, but that was the only activity he saw. He drove past the house for a few blocks, and without seeing anyone, turned around and headed back. He began thumbing the garage door opener as soon as the house appeared, and was rewarded when it began to open from a distance. He cussed under his breath as the light shone brightly, revealing the empty garage. He should have pulled the bulb, but he really hadn’t had the time. The car was quickly pulled in and the button pushed to shut the door. The door was windowless, but Sam knew some light would escape around the cracks and seams, and that’s all an observant neighbor needed to inspire a phone call. Sam jumped up on the hood and pulled the cover off the opener. The bulb was quickly broken using the remote and Sam received a shower of glass for his trouble. He jumped clear of the hood and glass. Standing on the passenger side, he shook the glass off as best he could. A cut would leave blood, and that was something he had no intention of leaving behind. Sam then walked to the garage door and slid the lock over. If someone hit the button, the door would try to open, but stop when the resistance was noted. The noise would warn him. With that done he listened for a moment before moving to the car and extracting his bag. He donned the coveralls before entering the house and searching every room. Sam doubted he’d find anyone, but he hadn’t gotten this far by being sloppy. Satisfied he was alone, he returned to the bag and unloaded the contents onto the floor. After a quick sort, he moved to the fireplace. The builder or realtor had actually placed some logs in it in case prospective buyers didn’t know what it was. He rearranged them and added some newspaper. The flue was opened and Sam eyeballed the arrangement carefully before returning to the living area. He only had a few minutes left before the sun came up and he needed to be ready before that. The dowels were arranged into the tripod with the help of the duct tape and other items were placed in position. Sam took a leak in the bathroom sink and dead-bolted the front door before settling in on the floor. He was soon treated to a Florida sunrise. The traffic noise from nearby I-75 could be heard in the distance. He was still enjoying the sunrise when some movement caught his eye. A golf ball bounced to a halt on the fairway in front of him.
It was time to work.
*    *    *
Sydney hadn’t bothered going home. The flight was long and uneventful. At least Jack kept his promise, and everyone slept as best they could on the plane. They had gone their separate ways at Andrews, and while most had family at home, Sydney had made the shorter drive to the office where she fell on the couch in the dungeon for some sleep. She now lay rubbing the crick in her neck acquired from sleeping in a chair at forty thousand feet. The leather couch was so comfortable it sucked her in and the old army poncho liner she had liberated a few years back was the perfect blanket. She vowed not to get up until she was forced to.
Eventually, the lack of sunlight and her own curiosity was enough for her to snake an arm out and check her watch. 10:10. She was amazed her phone hadn’t rung yet. Kicking off the liner, she swung her feet to the cold floor and was running a hand through her Medusa-like tangle of hair when her cell phone rang.
“Damn it.” She scowled at the offending device. It rang back at her. She stood and pranced across the cold floor in her socks and snatched it up.
“Lewis.”
“Morning, Syd,” Jack answered. “Hope you got some sleep. I’m calling everyone in at noon. Wanted to make sure you were up.”
“I am now.” She let a little irritation get through.
“Sorry, get some caffeine in you and get rolling. I’ve already talked with the Director and he wants updates by this afternoon. How long till you can be in?”
“I’m already in.”
“That’s my girl. You sleep in the office last night?”
“Yes.” She stood on one foot to escape the cold floor.
“Well then grab a shower and come up to my office. I’ll get us some breakfast. Half hour?”
“Hour.” Her tone left no room for argument.
“Deal.” He laughed and hung up.
Sydney cradled the receiver and pranced back to the couch. How Jack could operate on such little sleep was beyond her. She had asked him about it once. He had simply shrugged and said “training,” whatever that meant. He had mentioned staying up for days at a time while in the army. He also had the ability to fall sleep within a few seconds. She had watched him settle in, take one deep breath and be out, then wake up later like nothing happened. She had tried it on numerous occasions with no luck. Sometimes he really irritated her.
She looked around the room for her gym bag. She needed to restock her clothing supply at work. It was getting low. She pulled out a set of shorts and a T-shirt. A smell check pronounced them okay for one more use. She only knew one way to wake up and beat the jet lag. A few miles, followed by a long shower. She might be late, but she knew she would get more done if she showed up ready. Jack would just have to forgive her. She found her keys in the pile on the desk. The hair got a few looks on her way to the gym.
*    *    *
Jack had them in the large conference room with all the reports, photos, and other information spread out on the tables. Everyone looked a little ragged, but all were showered and reasonably awake. Larry had made the decision to keep the beard he had started going, despite a few gray hairs. Sydney had managed to find some decent, if somewhat casual clothes in her dungeon closet. Otherwise, they were all back to normal.
“Okay, everyone please listen up.” Jack rose and addressed the room. Several analysts and people from Behavioral Science had joined them. “I’ve had a conversation with the Director this morning. He’s not happy, and is receiving a lot of heat from the Attorney General on this case, and I can’t say I blame him. Example.” Jack held up several newspapers one by one. All had large headlines addressing the sniper shooting. “Personally, I have my own views of the press when it comes to investigations, but after a lot of thought I’ve decided to make a few changes. We will no longer be going into the field and chasing every shooting personally. The field offices will handle all forensics and report to us. The focus of the people in this room will be on forecasting when and where his next target will be. Trips will be made if deemed necessary by myself or the Director. I want you to get in this guy’s head and give me some ideas on where he’s going. So, let’s start from the top.” Jack took off his coat and draped it on the chair before turning to the wall and retracting the projection screen up into its holder, revealing a large dry-erase board. He picked up a marker and turned to the room.
“Well?”
The room was silent until a voice from the back of the room spoke quietly. They all turned to see Dr. Wong stand. A small man and soft-spoken, he had been with the FBI for many years and led one of the behavioral science teams.
“I think we need to look at the why before you can project where he, or they, is going next. Just what was it that set this all in motion?” he offered.
“Good!” Jack turned and wrote “Why” in big letters on the board. “Keep going.”
“I’m proceeding on the assumption that this is one man. He’s very angry about something. We think he’s been involved in some way with the justice system and feels he was not treated fairly. By the wording of the letter, his goal is to force the government to change the laws and adopt a harsher, less criminal-friendly system. He also wishes the public to take a stance against crime. His methods suggest he means to do this by way of high profile murders of very public people, who in his eyes have gotten away with serious crimes in the past, or in the lawyer’s case, assisted in those cases. But I caution you to not see him merely as a vigilante. As far as we know, to this point the shootings have not been personal in nature. The victims have no connection to one another, do they? No, he is approaching this in a very deliberate manner. The preparations to carry these shootings out have been made well in advance. This has been given much thought by a very capable mind. He has resources, and the ability to travel without suspicion. He also has skills. Skills that I’ve learned from speaking with Mr. Randall are superior in nature. That is one avenue of approach I suggest you concentrate on. The other would be to identify his potential victims. Who is going to give him the most press coverage and draw attention to his cause? That is the question you need to ask yourself today.”
The room fell silent as Mr. Wong quietly took his seat.
Jack spun on his heel and wrote “Who” on the board opposite the “Why.” “Throw some names out there people. Let’s hear it.”
Larry spoke first. “TJ Olson comes to mind. It’s been a few years, but I can’t think of a better example.”
“How about that woman who drowned her six kids in the tub? She’s being re-tried right now,” Sydney offered.
“The Menendez boys in California?” Dave added.
“They’re both in jail for murder. We’re looking for ones that got away with it through the system. I don’t think the woman fits the bill either,” Jack said.
“Any of the Mafia types,” one of the analysts spoke up.
“Big gang leaders?” another added.
“Drug kingpins.”
“Corporate criminals? Like the Enron guys?”
Jack wrote as fast as he could. The ideas were coming faster as they wrapped their brains around the subject. Soon the ideas slowed, but the room was buzzing with conversation as they all explored the new possibilities. Jack added another name every few minutes and smiled at the activity. This was what was going to solve this case. He capped the pen and placed it back on the board. He turned to find Dr. Wong approaching.
“Thank you for your time today, Doc.”
“Not at all, Mr. Randall.” It was never first names with Dr. Wong. “My people and I are glad to help. I am available at any time should you need me.” He trailed off.
“But you have something else to add?” Jack asked.
“I wish you to not discount the personal end of the theory I proposed. This man is very determined, no doubt, but the cause may still be a personal one. Perhaps the reason has already been addressed, and now we are seeing the aftermath of that decision. There are still many questions. I look forward to meeting this man when you catch him.”
“Let’s hope that is soon.”
Dr. Wong merely nodded before retreating to join one of the conversations at the tables. Jack found himself staring at the board. One side covered in names and titles, the other still holding one word.
Why?
—TWENTY-SEVEN—
The state of Nebraska holds 4,040 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 2,706 are repeat offenders.


It was without a doubt the nicest sniper position Sam had ever had. The carpeting was soft under his elbows; the air conditioning was set at a comfortable setting. The tinted windows kept the glare out of his eyes and the scope, and hid his movements from anyone outside. The view was elevated, unobstructed and quite pleasant. The only thing Sam needed was a spotter to share the duty and watch his back. One could only ask for so much, he decided.
He trained his eye on the tee as another group approached. All gray hair. The majority of the groups so far were in the senior category, and few drives reached Sam’s position on the fairway. Some had passed close enough that he was able to hear conversation. He scanned the homes surrounding the course. Several were in the construction phase and came with the usual construction noise. Swimming pools were in use, and children could be heard occasionally when the wind shifted. Another reason for his choice was one could not see the street from the backyards. The view was blocked by the closely built homes and the landscaping. Sam counted on it to aid in his departure. The Cadillac certainly fit in here, and as long as no one noticed his exit from the garage he should be fine.
This group had all white faces, so Sam returned to scanning the area. His non-dominant eye caught the movement of the balls bouncing down the fairway and he was surprised to see them all land out of the rough. The quality of the course had not been matched by the players yet today. Sam moved the scope to see them as they approached in their carts. Two were golden brown while the others were white with a pink tinge—Floridians with company from up north. He watched as the host placed a nice iron onto the green a few feet from the flag. The others attempted to emulate, but came up left and right. A round of good-natured comments was shared before they set off for the green.
Sam was just leaving the trailing cart when his eyes caught the movement of a golf ball bouncing down the centerline of the fairway. He swung the scope around to see the man still in his follow-thru watching the ball. His skin was dark. He quickly surveyed the rest of the group. Another black man and what looked like a father-son team. The second black man had the familiar face of TJ Olson. Sam moved the cross-hairs to rest on his chest, but was defeated a moment later by the son standing in front of him. Sam cussed the son, but he stood still while his father teed off. Only then did TJ move to the tee. Sam was forced to squirm to his left a few inches to regain his sight picture. TJ liked the far end of the tee and Sam had only cracked the sliding glass door a few inches to prevent anyone noticing. He once again found himself defeated by the group, as the father now stood directly behind TJ in Sam’s sight picture. The rifle was powerful at this range and the bullet would travel through the target and beyond. Sam had no wish to kill or injure the man just for winning a contest.
“Move damn it!” Sam cursed. The man stood politely still.
Sam raised his head and looked for other options. The carts caught his eye. He returned to the scope, and a quick scan showed an unobstructed view of both carts with no chance of secondary injuries. But which cart? He opened his non-dominant eye and watched the foursome move toward the cart path. TJ stopped at the rear cart to load his driver before sitting in the passenger seat. Sam waited until the others had deposited their clubs and boarded the carts. A left and right rock of the cart announced the presence of TJ’s driver.
The sound of the shot was deafening despite the vaulted ceilings.
*    *    *
The contest winner and his son were enjoying the day so far. The father was not a huge fan of TJ, but had allowed his son to put their name in the box at the card show. The man had been gracious enough to make it a foursome at his cost, so Ben had given in to his son’s pleading. He was now glad that they had. His wife and daughter had gone shopping, while they were treated to a late breakfast with the baseball legend.
The sound was something Ben had not heard in some time—a bumble bee at high speed. His mind was still chewing on the answer when the sound of the rifle reached him. He immediately turned the cart off the path and shoved his teenage son off his seat and onto the ground. He landed on top of the boy and pinned him with his now considerable weight. The cart was between him and the sound of the rifle. It had been a long time since Desert Storm and the reflexes were a little slow.
“Stay down!” he told his son as he struggled to rise.
“What is it?”
“I don’t know yet, just stay down.”
Ben craned his head around to look at the other cart. He could make out two people. One lying face down. TJ’s brother. They had just met this morning. He was on his belly and looking toward him with wild eyes. Looking past him, he saw TJ lying on his back, hidden from view from the chest up. He looked at the belly and saw no movement. The man was dead. Ben knew about wounded soldiers. If they were alive they rolled onto their stomachs. It was a natural reaction to hug the ground. If mortally wounded, they curled into the fetal position, or flopped on their backs. He watched for any movement but saw none. A glance at the cart showed a bloodstain surrounding a hole in the middle of the backrest where TJ had been sitting.
“What’s going on?”
Ben turned to see an elderly man overlooking the scene from his yard a few yards away, standing in the open without a clue.
“Call 911. Someone’s been shot.”
Deciding it was over, Ben rose and walked the few yards to the cart and peered around it. TJ looked up at him from the ground. His face registered a look of surprise. A large hole was in the center of his chest and his hand still grasped his golf club. He was forced to step back as the blood made its way toward his shoes. There was no need to check for a pulse.
“Dad?”
He turned to see his son standing by the cart.
“Come on, son. Let’s go for a walk.”
He pulled the confused boy around by the shoulder and led him off to the elderly man’s house. TJ’s brother still lay in the grass.
*    *    *
Sam took one long look to make sure his shot had hit its mark. He zeroed in on the feet and then the cart. Satisfied, he pushed himself to his feet and strode to the fireplace. Placing the rifle with the butt on the floor and the barrel against the brick wall, he stomped it with both feet repeatedly until the stock cracked and the barrel showed a slight curve. Gathering it up, he then fed the barrel up into the fireplace, wedging the butt in the logs. Picking up the gas can he doused the whole mess till it was soaked. Only then did he remove the coveralls and add them to the fire. Feeling his pocket for the keys, he then pulled out a lighter and set the paper ablaze. The room quickly filled with smoke as there was no draft to suck the flames up the chimney. Sam didn’t care. It was to his advantage that the smoke wouldn’t show for a few minutes. He scanned the room for anything he may have missed and left for the garage. Remembering to unlock the door first, he waited until he was in the car with the tinted windows up before thumbing the remote. The door opened behind him and he casually pulled backed out onto the street. There were a few people out on the sidewalks, but no one was looking hard or pointing in his direction. He placed the car in gear and headed for the gate. As he took the first turn he glanced back in the direction of the house and saw a fair amount of smoke showing already.
“Damn it,” he cursed. He needed the fire to do its job before the department got there. Unfortunately, the closest station was right across Daniels from the entrance to the development, hence the high volume of gasoline. Sam quickly dismissed the problem and concentrated on his exit.
He rounded the last corner to see the exit gate still wide open as usual. You needed a code to get in the entrance, yet the exit was wide open, and beyond the kiosk rather than next to it. Didn’t make a lot of sense to Sam when he first saw it, a simple lane change and lack of oncoming traffic and you were in. He was now counting on it to make his escape. He placed the ball cap on his head as he approached, and donned the sunglasses in case they somehow got a look through the tint. The guard was busy with a burgundy Park Avenue, and Sam sailed through without a tap of the brakes. As he passed the fountain, he heard the sounds of sirens cranking up. A double blast of the air horn and he saw the trucks approaching the boulevard entrance. “South Trail Fire Department,” Sam read off the side of the truck before he turned right into the Denny’s. He parked quickly and watched them pass. A look at the windows showed the customers all gazing after the trucks as they screamed their way in. Sam took the opportunity to move across the parking lot to the Wendy’s next door. Inside he ordered a large iced tea. He unwrapped a straw and tossed the wrapper and the keys to the Cadillac into the trash bin. Sipping the tea, he walked out the same entrance and got into the other rental car. He was soon westbound on Daniels Parkway. A Lee County ambulance passed him in the opposite lane, joined by a green striped county sheriff’s car. Faster response times than Sam had predicted, but they were too late regardless. He continued until he passed 41. Daniels Parkway now changed its name to Cypress and he stayed on it until he came to MacGregor. Taking a right, he was soon at the Cape Coral Bridge. Passing under it he entered the traffic approaching the toll booth. He fished a dollar’s worth of coins from his pocket and thumbed down the window. The heat rolled in as he tossed the coins in the basket. With the gate up, he joined the merging traffic entering the bridge. He made his way across the Caloosahatchee River and was soon in Cape Coral. Traffic was bad, and he found himself waiting at multiple red lights. He contemplated his decision as he waited. The shooting had taken place close to the only major freeway in the area. It was also not far from the airport, and Sam had decided to evade in the opposite direction. He was counting on the police to close off the major exits, so he had chosen a back road in the direction of Tampa. Escaping Cape Coral was his immediate concern. The city only had a few entrances and exits. Three bridges to the east over the river, two of which were major arteries and easily closed. The others led to Cape Coral only. There were more options by boat than there were by car so Sam was going out the back door. He had chosen Burnt Store Road, a two-lane that followed the edge of Charlotte Harbor up to Punta Gorda. It was an area that was currently seeing a construction boom also. Traffic was heavy with dump trucks and various contractors. Passing was not an option. The worst problem was there were no exits between Cape Coral and Punta Gorda. Sam was committing himself to the next twenty miles with no options. Something he didn’t like.
He settled in behind an SUV. It was trailing a flatbed hauling a bulldozer, and he was forced to slow to fifty miles an hour. He began tuning the radio and setting the presets, looking for news stations that might broadcast the story. He thumbed from one to the other as he plodded along. Ten minutes went by before he heard the story break. He listened intently as the reporter gave the basics. TJ was pronounced dead at the scene. The fire was out and the sheriff’s department considered it a crime scene. Reporters were not being allowed into the development. People called into the station with their version of what happened. Sam waited for a vehicle description to be aired, but it didn’t come. There was no news of the Cadillac being found. He tried another station, but got only more of the same.
He passed a fire station with a deputy’s car in the lot. He held his breath until he was past, about ten more miles to go.
*    *    *
In the house, Pat and Jeff picked through the remainder of the living room. The fire was out and they were just making sure. Pat pulled the drywall away from around the fireplace, while Jeff scanned the walls with the thermal imagery camera looking for hot spots. The police had asked them to not move anything, but the Chief had pointed out that if the fire flared up again, the cops would then have nothing. Giving in to common sense, the sheriff agreed and the Chief had sent his two most experienced men in to make sure it was safe.
“Anything?” Pat asked.
“Nothing on the scope. I think we got it.”
“Good. I need a drink.”
“Check the fridge?” Jeff joked.
“Sometimes the realtors have water in there,” Pat answered.
Jeff reached out with his gloved hand and pulled the door open by the frame. The inside of the refrigerator was clean and white as opposed to the soot covered stainless steel exterior. Jeff didn’t find any water. What he found was a big envelope.
“Hey Pat, look at this.”
Pat left the drywall and joined Jeff in the kitchen. He gazed into the dark refrigerator and saw the big envelope. FBI was printed in large letters. Underneath that was the name Jack Randall.
“Don’t touch it. Just get the sheriff in here.”
*    *    *
Jack was reading a report from the California shooting when his phone rang. He reached out and pulled it from the cradle without taking his eyes off the page.
“Randall.”
“Jack, it’s Deacon.”
Jack dropped what he was reading. “Yes, sir?”
“Turn on CNN. Your boy just did it again. They just called us from Lee County, Florida. TJ Olson was shot while golfing this morning. They found the note in a refrigerator at an empty house the shooter used. The Director wants to see you.”
“Score one for Larry.”
“Excuse me?”
“I’m sorry. I’m on my way. I’ll explain in a minute.”
“All right.” The phone went dead.
Jack left his office and walked to The Pit as they had started calling it. There he found Larry, Dave, and Sydney with several others, all pushing paper.
“He did it again,” was all he said. He reached for the remote and thumbed the overhead TV on. CNN was still running the story. They all watched it in silence.
“Well,” Larry asked, “what now?”
“First, you and I are going to the Director’s office.”
“Why am I going?” Larry asked with a pained expression. He avoided the Director as much as possible.
“Because you said it first, and I’m not going alone.” Jack smiled and spun to leave. Larry gave Sydney a puzzled look as he grudgingly got up to follow. He fixed his tie as he went.
Sydney looked at Dave and shrugged. “Let’s call them and see what they have.”
Dave shook his head at that. “More paper. We need some more help.”
Sydney picked up a file she had set aside. It had been delivered to her only an hour ago.
“Speaking of which...”
She got up and left in the direction of Jack’s office.
—TWENTY-EIGHT—
The state of Nevada holds 10,543 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 7,063 are repeat offenders.


“Jack, tell me you have something.”
Jack and Larry sat across from the Director over a large and somewhat messy desk. A view of the Washington skyline could be seen out the window with the Lincoln Memorial in the distance. The Director was a collector of World War Two memorabilia, and his office held several pieces, including a letter from Eisenhower to Patton. Larry struggled to read it from a distance while still appearing attentive.
“I’m afraid we don’t. Obviously this guy has these things set up well in advance. Money doesn’t seem to be a problem. He’s moving too fast for us to catch up. I’m pulling the team from following any more.”
The Director chewed on this for a moment. The thing he had first noticed about Jack was his lack of an agenda. He already had money, and if he wanted it, power. It gave him the unique ability to speak his mind and not worry about the political consequences. The answer he had just received was an honest one, despite the fact that it didn’t paint him in a favorable light. The last sentence was not something he understood.
“You’re keeping the team here, why?”
“If we keep chasing him we’ll stay behind him until he’s done. I feel we need to focus on where he’s going next. The local offices can work the scenes and forward everything they have.”
The Director ran a hand through his rapidly graying hair. The Attorney General was not going to approve of that. He liked Jack on the TV. Showing the public they were on the case. It also cemented Jack as the fall guy should this end badly.
An annoying tapping diverted his attention and he gazed at Larry who immediately stopped drumming his fingers on the arm of the chair.
“Why are you here?” the Director asked
“He was the one who suggested we look at people that the shooter may target. TJ was the first name on the list,” Jack jumped in before Larry could speak.
“Is that so?”
“Yes, sir,” Larry answered.
“So where is he going next then?”
Jack sat back before answering. “He, or they, I guess I should say, seem to target people who they feel have skirted justice. So far, the targets have all been people who have been in the system, but have somehow beaten it or corrupted it. He likes high profile, and he has an agenda. I hate to say it but it’s working. I just read a report stating that calls to tip lines have doubled, and people are taking some matters into their own hands. A robbery target at a convenience store beat his assailant and he ended up in the intensive care unit last night in Kansas City. Report says the customers helped him do it. No charges as of this morning.”
“No charges?”
“Nobody called the cops. All the information is from the assailant and an anonymous phone call. Caller explained where to find the man. That’s all they have.”
“That’s exactly what we don’t need. I’m sure the press will have that nation-wide soon. You still didn’t answer my question.”
“We’re thinking Mafia heads who have escaped prosecution, anyone on the pedophile list, some of the high profile corporate criminals. Sad to say it, but it’s a long list. I have them focusing on the ones that would generate the most press. With luck we’ll get an ID from some forensics, but this guy has proven to be quite knowledgeable in that area. I’m not optimistic.”
The Director swung his chair around and gazed out the window while he thought over what he was told. Jack shared a look with Larry while they waited.
“What other methods of identifying this guy do we have?”
“So far, no prints or DNA material. We’re tracing materials from all three scenes, but no hits. No serial numbers off the rifles. We’re still waiting on the list from the Department of Defense. May have something new from the Olson shooting, but I think it’s going to take a stroke of luck or a tip to get him. We need to think ahead of him.”
The chair simply rocked in reply. Larry stole another look at the letter while he had the chance.
“All right, stay on track. I’ll smooth it over with the A.G., and call DOD about the damn list. Call if you need anything else, Jack.”
“Yes, sir,” Jack replied to the back of the chair. He motioned Larry out in front of him.
Once the door was closed, Larry pulled a handkerchief from his pocket and mopped his brow.
“Thanks a lot, Jack. Just what was I in there for anyway?”
“Moral support. I’ll catch up to you in the pit.”
“All right.” Larry hustled down the hallway away from the Director’s office as fast as he could.
Jack left in the direction of his office, but detoured to the elevators. He couldn’t tell Larry he needed him there as a witness. The Director was somewhat of a political creature and Jack had been warned by Deacon to be careful. Arriving on the bottom floor, he left the building and wandered down the street until he found a favorite sandwich shop. He ordered his usual and found a seat outside on a bench. With the traffic noise in the background he pulled out his cell phone and made a couple of calls.
*    *    *
“Danny!”
Danny Drake was in a foul mood. After the long flight from California he had arrived in Orlando to find Dominic waiting for him at the baggage claim. Dominic was the owner’s nephew, and worked doing odd jobs around the paper. Behind his back he was known as Smithers, after the Simpson’s character. One had to be careful what one said around Dominic, as it would get to his uncle, well edited, in record time.
He offered nothing to the prying questions as he was driven to the paper instead of his apartment. Only there did he learn of the shooting of TJ Olson. He was quickly instructed to submit his story on the Ping shooting before being loaded into a car with a cameraman and sent to Ft. Myers. Once outside of town, he forced the photographer to stop at a hotel so he could shower and change before climbing into the backseat in an attempt to get some more sleep. Now he was being yelled at.
“What?” he asked without opening his eyes.
“Your phone.”
“He opened one eye to see the offending instrument being held out while the other hand stayed on the wheel. He grabbed it and looked at the screen. It woke him up immediately.
“Hello?”
“Mr. Drake?”
“Yes.”
“Are you on your way to Ft. Myers by chance?”
“Yes, we are,” Danny hinted.
“You’re not alone I take it. I’ll be brief. The Department of Defense was asked to submit a list of past and current sniper-trained personnel after the Addicot shooting. They have yet to deliver. I could use your assistance with that.”
“I understand.”
“In return, I offer you this. Both the guns from the Ping shooting and the Olson shooting were the same brand and model as the Addicot shooting. The letters also are all from the same source, confirmed by the FBI forensic labs.”
“Can I quote you?”
“Not yet. How about high level government source for now. That always seems to work.”
“All right...that it?”
“Sorry, Danny. That’s all I can offer right now.”
“Okay...uh, thanks.”
“I’ll call again, Danny, you’re doing well.”
A dial tone ended the call before Danny could ask any questions. He tried to think it through, but the fatigue was still there. Giving up, he settled back into the seat. A minute later he was snoring.
*    *    *
Unknown to Danny, Sam lay in a hotel bed less than a few miles away with one of the pre-paid cell phones in his left hand and the TV remote in his right. Just outside of Tampa, he had been in the room for a couple of hours now and was watching another round of CNN while keeping tabs on the local stations. So far no description of him, but they had found the Cadillac. As the anchor turned the program over to the sport’s desk, he punched the mute button and dialed Paul.
“Hey buddy, how’s it going?” Paul answered.
“Shitty, how’s your end?”
“The same, I’m just watching some TV. Did you know TJ Olson was shot this morning?”
“Really?”
“All over the tube. He’s real dead. Have any problems?”
“Nope, didn’t even sweat. Getting out was the only variable. I made it past Venice before they set up the roadblocks. Way too late, I’m in Tampa now and thinking about catching a flight.”
“You gonna use Chicago or Detroit? Don’t forget Grand Rapids has a lot of connections now, too.”
“Actually, I was thinking Memphis.”
“You’re gonna try to make the rally? What’s the rush?”
“If we keep going they really have no time to catch up. The more we stay ahead of them, the better.”
“I thought you said the faster we go the more mistakes we make?”
“Who’s making mistakes?”
“Don’t give me that. I don’t like it.”
“Relax. I’ll go and check it out. If there isn’t a good option, I’ll pass and come back home. Okay?”
“I guess. Just be careful. You asked me who’s making mistakes. The answer is you, just not a critical one yet.”
Sam bit his tongue for a minute. Paul was right. He just didn’t know what Dr. Maher had told him.
“I’ll be careful. I’ll call from Memphis when I get there. Run the DVR for me?”
“You got it.”
Sam hung up. He’d tell Paul the rest when he got home.
*    *    *
Jack sat at his desk reading a file with some amusement. He had no doubt that it had found its way there thanks to Sydney. It made for some interesting reading.
Eric Simmons had been labeled by his teacher as slightly retarded when he was six years old. Luckily his parents had refused to believe that and had him tested. Turned out he was anything but. The boy showed a remarkable affinity for math and science. The main problem was he was bored. Throughout his school years he constantly disappointed his parents with inconsistent grades. Report cards showing A’s in some subjects, D’s in others, never anything in between. If he liked a subject and the teacher, he would produce an A. If not, then the minimum was met. Fortunately, he was intelligent enough to change this when he hit high school.
It was a shop teacher, of all people, who got through to him. After meeting the boy’s parents and making some suggestions, Eric was soon taking college level courses at the local university. He finished high school in less than three years and was accepted to MIT on an academic scholarship. Here, he once again ran afoul with the strict school rules. When a particular teacher announced in his welcoming speech that nobody got an A in his class, Eric took offense. Using his considerable skill with a computer, he accessed the teachers laptop and installed a program forcing the professor to answer a short quiz on his own subject before allowing access. Wrong answers locked the computer down for 24 hrs. After being locked out repeatedly, the professor turned the computer over to the school. While Eric was good, he was no match for the staff, and the program was broken and traced. While guilt could not be proven, Eric received the rest of the year off to think about it. He may have avoided the suspension if the professor’s failing quiz grades had not been published to the web. Regardless, he was currently out of school and unemployed.
“Well?”
Jack looked up to see Sydney standing in the doorway of his office. She had that look on her face he remembered. She used it to manipulate him back when they were dating. He hated to admit it, but it usually worked.
“You really want him?”
“Yes, I think he’d be a good asset.”
“All right, write up the paperwork, and we’ll try him as a temporary consultant. But your name goes on the sponsorship papers. I’ll write a letter of rec. The Director said I could have anything I needed, so when you have it all ready let me know and I’ll get him to stamp it. Is this number current?”
“At the top of the file cover? I believe so.”
“All right, I’ll call him and ask him if he’s interested.”
“Thanks, Jack, I owe you one.”
“Go away.” She smiled as he shooed her out. Picking up the phone he punched in the numbers with the eraser end of a pencil. It rang twice.
“Hello, Chief? Jack Randall from the FBI. I was wondering if I could talk to your son?”
—TWENTY-NINE—
The state of New Hampshire holds 2,434 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 1,630 are repeat offenders.


Sam consulted his map as he drove north on I-75. He was about an hour out of Tampa on his way to Jacksonville. After watching the news coverage of the shooting, he was convinced the reporters had not gotten the full story. They reported on the roadblocks despite the fact that the Cadillac had been found. This made Sam think that they had a description of the rental car, too, but had kept it from the press in the hopes that he would still use it. Sam took the thought further, and decided to change his exit plan. He was now at the wheel of a new rental car. Color and make as far from the other as he had been able to choose from the limited selection. Bypassing the airport was another choice. He decided to catch a flight from Jacksonville. It would cut his available preparation time in Memphis, but he felt it was better to be safe.
After committing his exit number to memory, Sam traded the map for the file on his next target. Thomas M. Curtis: white male, short at 5'7", fat at over 240 pounds and full of hate. Curtis was over seventy years old, but had been the leader of the white supremacy movement for decades. A former minister with the Christian Identity Movement, he had ultimately converted to atheism. In the late 1970s he became a member of the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, becoming Grand Dragon for the state of California where he also worked as a plumber. Here he found a better fit for his anti-Semitism, and broadened his approach to include a monthly pro-white newspaper. This led to radio and television appearances followed by regular demonstrations. As the technology presented itself, Curtis branched out into websites containing his views. Telephone hotlines, email, and racist merchandise were marketed to young, low educated followers. He began to support racially slanted rock bands and more youth soon joined the ranks. As the skinhead movement migrated from Great Britain to the United States in the 1980s, Curtis welcomed them with open arms. The skinhead gangs with their neo-Nazi insignia, heavy tattoos and shaved heads were a natural match for Curtis’s brand of white supremacy. Now with young, easily influenced, and disposable soldiers available, Curtis began staging rallies and provoking racial minorities. The on-camera confrontations were broadcast by the media, and the growing white supremacy movement received the free publicity it sought. When a group of skinheads in the northeast took Curtis’s words too far and killed a trio of black men, the subsequent trial was front page news. The skinheads who committed the crime were too ignorant to hide Curtis’s correspondence coaching them on how to perform the act. They were also too weak in character to hold up to police interrogation. Soon warrants were issued, and Curtis found himself on trial in connection to the murders.
Although he was found not guilty of the murder charges, he was soon after sued by the Southern Poverty Law Center on behalf of the victims’ families. The trial was short, and the jury awarded $13 million in damages to the families. Upheld on appeal, the judgment was one of the largest civil verdicts of its kind in United States history. Curtis’s assets were seized to help compensate the families, his home, business and life savings all forfeited. The revenue from his newspapers and websites were accounted through the court, and the majority went to the families’ fund as well.
Despite the defeat and subsequent poverty, Curtis continued to spread his message of hate. In a pathetic attempt at revenge, he began advocating the Lone Wolf model of extremism. Also known as the Leaderless Resistance model, it promoted individuals or small groups conducting underground activity, as opposed to aboveground organizations. This, in theory, leaves the least chance of being caught by law enforcement. A published Letter to the Editor in the monthly newspaper gave advice on how to operate as a Lone Wolf and Curtis often used the phrase in his speeches, hoping to inspire impressionable youth to act. He became the leader of the largest domestic terrorist group in the United States. Yet the police could never pin anything on him. Curtis had learned from his mistakes and took every step necessary to shield himself from being prosecuted. Like other terrorist leaders, he never got his hands dirty. It was much easier to send one of his mindless disciples to do his bidding for him.
As the years passed, Curtis found a smaller and smaller audience for his beliefs. The skinheads grew up and the ever increasing diversity of the United States left little room for his antiquated ideas. His rallies were attracting smaller crowds, and in some areas, the counter-protest crowd was larger and louder. Yet, the snake still had its head, and in some areas of the country an audience could still be moved by a hate speech from Thomas M. Curtis. Another generation was coming of age, and Curtis hoped to have influence on it. People brought their kids to hear the speeches and the message was taught while they were most impressionable. Hate crimes were again on the rise. The next rally was in Memphis. Sam had two days to get there.
It was time to cut the head off the snake.
*    *    *
Jack looked up from the forensic report he was reading. A handwriting analysis had confirmed that the letter found in the refrigerator was written by the same person who had written the others. Jack flipped to the last page to get the answer. Why it took ten pages to answer a yes or no question was frustrating to him. He knew why of course. Lawyers. All the paper was simply so it would stand up in court. He tossed the file into the pile on the floor next to his desk. He had graduated from In and Out baskets on his desk to In and Out piles on the floor. All this and he had told them to give him “just the pertinent stuff.”
He reached for another. This one was titled Ballistic Report. He felt the urge to do a Johnny Carson imitation and hold it to his head while he predicted the contents. Before he could open it the phone rang.
“Randall.”
“Jack? Its uhh...Bob. I got an answer to your request.”
“Okay.” Jack waited.
“...are you kidding?”
“It’s a secure line.”
“Did you forget who you’re talking to? Where we had lunch last time, in about thirty minutes, okay?”
“Hold on.” Jack took a second to remember the place. “Okay, I remember. Thirty minutes.”
“Fine.”
Jack sighed. He hated the cloak-and-dagger stuff, but if he wanted the information, he’d have to play along. He got up and grabbed his coat. It was freezing out.
Thirty minutes later found him in the lobby bar of a local hotel. He ordered a drink for appearances and found a corner table where he could see the entrance. He soon saw his friend walk by the entrance without entering. This was getting ridiculous. He appeared again two minutes later and Jack waved him over.
As the man quickly seated himself, he scolded Jack. “Could you call a little less attention, please?”
“Will you relax? We know each other. It’s in your file, it’s in mine. Nobody cares if we meet for a drink, your job’s gone to your head.”
“Maybe, your request didn’t go through channels though, did it?
“Well, it just doesn’t meet the homeland security guidelines does it? Nevertheless, I need the help. What did you find?”
The man opened his briefcase and pulled a computer disc from its pocket. He placed it on the table and slid it over to Jack.
“Can I get you anything?”
Jack smiled as his friend visibly jumped at the surprise question from the waitress.
“He’ll have a martini, vodka. I’ll have another Amber Bock.”
“Yes, sir.” She smiled. “Anything to eat?”
“Just the drinks, thank you.”
When the girl had departed, Jack looked at his friend. He looked pissed.
“Jack, I don’t need a drink, I need to leave.”
“If anybody ever needed a drink, it’s you. Relax and tell me what I have here.”
The man took a breath, and after a quick look around, explained. “After 9-11, the NSA began acquiring more super computers. It was covered under the intelligence budget, but the reasons weren’t exactly published, you know? Anyway, we use them for wire and phone taps. They’re all linked with the phone companies’ computers and we program them to record conversations that are triggered by key words. The volume is enormous and the languages are a real pain, but we’re getting good information on several cells in the US alone, not to mention overseas.”
“How do you get them all? I mean, if it only records after it hears a certain word?”
“No, it records everything. It only saves and flags it if it catches a word or phrase we program it to key off of.”
“That has to be millions of calls a day?”
“Billions is more like it. Right now we rotate the coverage from area to area. New York and DC get it all the time, other cities and states as we can, or if we get a tip. We need more people and it takes time and a lot of money to build super computers.”
“So can you help me or not?”
“That’s the calls from south-west Florida you asked for. What else do you need?”
“I need you to drink this.”
“What?”
Jack watched his friend jump again as the waitress approached from behind and set down the drinks. Jack pulled a twenty from his wallet and placed it on her tray.
“Keep it,” he said.
“Thank you.”
Jack motioned to the drink as he sipped his beer. His friend grabbed it, and half of it was soon gone.
“I need you to be ready to trace calls from the area of the next shooting when it happens. Can you do that?”
“Yeah, how will I know when it happens?”
“I don’t know, watch CNN. Listen to the news on your iPod. Keep a flag on your computer. You’re a smart guy.”
“All right. I’ll need some key words to put in. No more than ten.”
Jack pulled out a napkin and jotted a few down. The rest of his friend’s drink disappeared as he waited. A few more words, and Jack was done. He pushed it across.
Jack worked on his beer while the list was scrutinized.
“Should work, there’s only eight?”
“Add the victims name and the location when you hear the story.”
“Okay. Are we even after this, or are you gonna keep me hanging?”
“It’s not like that. I consider this a favor. Now I owe you one. You should save it for a rainy day.”
“Rainy day, aren’t you a funny guy. You know where to reach me.”
“Yeah, I do,” Jack replied. He watched the man leave the bar, looking over his shoulder. He pulled out his laptop and booted up the disc. He was amazed at the volume of information. This was homework he didn’t have time right now to digest. Perhaps he could pass it to someone, but who?
*    *    *
Eric stopped in the doorway of the room as his escort kept walking and talking. He was wearing a suit, and it was as new as he was nervous. He had been there all day being lectured to about policy and procedure. His file was gone over with him in a small room, and he was questioned thoroughly about every aspect of his past. He had followed his father’s advice. He kept his mouth shut when he wasn’t asked a question, and was honest and forward when he was. So far he had made it past all the people, signed a number of documents, been pictured and fingerprinted, and was now being led through a maze of corridors and gates. Each time he slid his card through a security checkpoint he braced for alarms and armed G-men bursting out of every doorway. So far it hadn’t happened. He now stood in the doorway fingering the new pass around his neck. The escort noticed he had lost his principal.
“It’s okay, son. You’re allowed here, too. Let’s find your new boss.”
Eric followed as ordered with a sheepish look to the stares he was getting. He was easily the youngest face in the room, and the hair was no help. He hadn’t had time to cut it before his father had loaded him on the plane. He was very relieved to see a familiar face approach.
“Eric! Good to have you here.” Larry crushed his hand in one of his famous handshakes. “You remember Dave, John, Susan, and of course, Sydney.”
Eric smiled as she waved him over to her table. She stuck out a hand which he awkwardly shook.
“I guess I have you to thank for this?” he asked.
“We all liked what you did with the computer rendition of the crime scene. So we had you checked out. We need a good computer guy. Most of the good ones go to the NSA, or make video games. But don’t thank me, you may grow to hate me for it later.”
“Okay. Well, what do I do?”
“We all have assigned duties per Jack. A lot of it is boring, I’m not gonna lie to you. But this is what catches the bad guys. See all this paper?” She gestured around the room to all the tables. “Somewhere in this pile is a clue to who this guy is. The trick is to know it when you see it. Thanks to technology, we can increase this pile ten-fold with a phone call. But sometimes you get too much information, and processing it all becomes the problem. I imagine Jack will have you helping to reduce the information pile down to what is deemed important, and organizing what we do have into one of your impressive presentations.”
Eric nodded as he surveyed the room.
“Do you always work in this big room together?”
“No, but with what we’re working on it helps to be able to ask a question to everybody at once. You’ll see what I mean after a while. That your bureau laptop?”
“Yeah, I just got it. It’s amazing.”
“Yeah, they are nice. Just don’t lose it.”
Jack walked in and Sydney waved him over. Eric jumped to his feet.
“Relax Eric, you do that every time you see me you’ll wear yourself out. I see you’re all processed in?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Just Jack is good. Wondering what you’ll be doing?”
“Well, yeah.”
“Come with me. I have something right up your alley.”
Eric smiled at Sydney as he was lead away. Larry shared a smile with Sydney, too.
“Think he’ll stay?” he asked.
“I imagine he’d be making video games if money was his thing. Maybe his dad was a good influence on him,” she replied. “All we can do is give him a taste and see what he does.”
Larry grunted and returned to the file he was reading. Sydney soon followed.
*    *    *
Eric sat with a look of pain on his face. Jack had just given him a disc which he had loaded into his new secure laptop. What Jack didn’t understand was the disc was merely an access code to the computer with the information. Eric was looking at thousands of voice recordings. Jack wanted him to listen to them all.
“Just where did you get this?” he asked.
“I’m afraid I can’t tell you that and you can’t tell the team what exactly it is you’re working on either. I have an idea that one of those recordings is our shooter. Is there some way you can run a search program like the one they used and narrow it down further?”
“It would take a while to write a program like that.”
“How long is a long time?”
“Days, maybe a week just for the basics, a month to do it right.”
“That long?”
“Sorry, it’s not so much a talent thing, it’s a volume thing.”
Jack held up a hand. “Don’t bother trying to explain it. I’m sure I wouldn’t understand anyway. I need it done, Eric, can you do it?”
“I have some ideas. I think I can bastardize some voice recognition software to help me. Are you presuming the shooter is male?”
“Yes, but we can’t rule it out.”
“If I can eliminate the female voices it will cut it down substantially. I can start there.”
“Good. What do you need?”
“A quiet room, an internet connection with some serious bandwidth, some spending money and a set of headphones. Some caffeine.”
“That’s all easy.” Jack reached for the phone.
—THIRTY—
The state of New Jersey holds 27,246 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 18,254 are repeat offenders.


Sam was not pleased with what he saw. After a slow walk in the early morning sun around the downtown park where the rally was to take place, he had yet to see a good position for a shooter. The stage was a permanent park fixture and was usually used for outdoor concerts or plays. It was covered by an arched roof to protect it from the weather, as well as house the speakers aimed at the crowd. The podium already sat in the center. He snapped a couple of quick pictures before moving on. The buildings in the area were all occupied, and most were modern glass pillars with no windows that opened. He could shoot through the thick glass, but that would throw off the trajectory of the round. It was something that only worked in short range situations, and this was not one. After two laps around the area, he returned to his car.
“Come on, Sam, think,” he told himself.
His gaze fell on the stage again. No doubt Curtis would be decked out in his Klan costume. If he had the hood on, Sam would have to wait until he took it off. He didn’t want to get the wrong guy. Or did that really matter? Curtis would be surrounded by his cronies, all Klansmen or Skinhead leaders. If a few of them got taken out too, would that be so bad?
Movement caught his eye and he saw a white van had pulled up near the stage. A young man in a uniform jumpsuit emerged. He opened the back of the van and began unloading speakers and carrying them to the stage. Evidently the permanent ones were not enough to do the job. Sam watched as two units per side were mounted on the stage facing the crowd. When he aimed the last two smaller speakers at the podium Sam grabbed the camera and started taking pictures. He included the van, the man in the jumpsuit, and the speakers. After one long last look, Sam started the car and dropped it into gear.
He had an idea. But he would have to hurry.
*    *    *
Sam located the storage unit without any problems. After a quick inventory, he had a new list and was off to the Home Depot once again. As he was an experienced shopper now he was in and out in a few minutes.
Back on the road with his new purchases, Sam cruised until he saw a phone booth with the book still hanging in it. He pulled over and consulted the Yellow Pages. After a quick search, he determined that the majority of car dealerships were in the same area. He looked for one that specialized in commercial vehicles. Ripping the page from the book he was soon back on his way.
The second address turned out to have just what he needed. A used car lot containing the usual jumble of brands and models, but with an entire two rows of white commercial vans, all very plain and simple, no windows, minimal interior, diesel engines. Perfect.
Trying not to be in too much of a hurry, Sam told the dealer he had a roofing company starting out, and they were already short on transportation. The man was friendly and just happy to move one of the many vans off his lot. When Sam offered a credit card instead of cash, the sale was over quickly, and Sam was on his way. He even agreed to let Sam leave his rental car on the lot until he could pick it up later. As Sam sat in the van, waiting for traffic to clear, he caught sight of the salesman in his rearview mirror locking the door to the small dealership. Obviously he had reached his quota for the day. Good.
Sam backtracked until he saw the Wal-Mart he had passed on the way to the dealership. The rest of the list was quickly purchased. A large steel mixing bowl, a set of work boots, two pre-paid cell phones, and a roll of Saran Wrap. He also grabbed food items, as he knew he would be busy the rest of the day.
He only took one wrong turn on his way back to the storage unit. Pulling the van all the way inside, he had a decision to make. Unlike the Florida unit, this one was not air conditioned. Nor was it well lit or ventilated. He decided to do what he had to do back at the hotel. Gathering it all up and packing it was accomplished in under fifteen minutes, and he was once again on the road, now being very mindful of the speed limit. Getting stopped with his current cargo would not be a good thing. While he drove, he mentally reviewed the information he had downloaded off the internet only a few weeks ago.
*    *    *
Sam squinted at the laptop as he held the disassembled phone in his hand. It couldn’t be that easy, could it?
After arriving at the hotel and unloading his packages, Sam had locked the door behind him and pulled the curtains shut. Using the duct tape he had even closed the small gap that wouldn’t stay covered. After that was accomplished, he removed the door to the bathroom as quietly as he could and placed it on the bed. His new makeshift workbench was now cluttered with materials.
After trying to fit the metal plates in the metal bowl he had given up. There was just no way to fit the device deeply enough in the bowl to do any good. Sam chose the medium-sized metal plate he had bought. It was just a little longer than the dynamite sticks and a quarter inch thick. He secured two sticks of the high explosive to the plate using the electrical tape. He used several wraps, leaving a gap in the middle of the sticks for the detonators. Next, he read the directions on the side of the fiberglass repair kit. Simple enough; Mix A and B together, smooth onto prepared surface and let dry. Using the bucket in the bathroom sink, he mixed the fiberglass with the fan on to fight the fumes. Sam’s recipe was a little different than the one on the box. He added the roofing nails to the mix and stirred until they were evenly distributed. Once he had the right consistency, he shaped the mess into a rectangular shape. It was probably too much, but Sam didn’t have the right information to tell him differently. He added the mixture to the metal plate and dynamite until the sticks could no longer be seen, shaping it as it hardened until he had an overall rectangular box shape, about the size of a shoe box. Once it would hold its shape without him, he carefully wrapped it in Saran Wrap and punched a few holes to allow it to dry further. He then placed the assembly on the counter, turned on the overhead heat lamp, and closed the door to escape the fumes.
While he waited, one of the phones was disassembled. Using the instructions on the screen, he located the wires to the speaker. Disconnecting them, he reconnected them to the meter. Using the other phone, he called the number. Instead of the loud ring he expected, he got repeated movement of the needle on the meter. The output was more than enough for the electrical detonators he had. Amazing. Sam found himself wishing he had known this before Las Vegas as it was much simpler to construct. There was always the chance of the damn telemarketer’s calling and getting things started early. A chance he had to take. Time was too short to construct another trigger. Sam turned both phones off and soldered the connections to ensure they wouldn’t come loose during transport.
Rising from his seat, he walked to the bathroom and tapped the fiberglass with a pen. Still pliable, but much harder than before. The smell was not as bad either. He carried the assembly to the table, and carefully inserted the detonators through the Saran Wrap and into the dynamite. He left plenty of wire exposed and trimmed the insulation off the end so it was ready for the wire nuts. By fusing it to blow from the middle out, Sam had constructed a home-made shaped charge. The nails made it an anti-personnel device. When the blast was triggered, it would meet the resistance of the metal plate in one direction and expend the majority of its energy in the opposite direction, sending the nails out in a cone shaped pattern. If aimed correctly, it would take out the person at the podium, and perhaps anyone standing close to him. Much like the claymore mines he had used in the military.
Sam pulled out the box his new boots had come in and placed the assembly inside. The lid closed with just enough room left for the cell phone. He had planned to tape the cell phone to the plate, but decided to wait. Space may be a problem. There was no way to know until he got there. He looked at the clock radio on the night stand. He had an hour until the police had shift change. He wanted to place the device during that time. The coveralls were pulled out for a test fit.
*    *    *
Jack looked up when he heard the knock. Eric stood in the doorway, still dressed in the suit he’d had on yesterday. He looked tired. The laptop was in one hand, and a Mountain Dew in the other. It was 8 a.m. Jack waved him in.
“Have you been here all night?” Jack asked.
“Well...yeah, I kinda got involved in that stuff you gave me,” Eric answered as he flopped down in a chair.
“You don’t have to kill yourself on the first day. You’re no good to me this tired, Eric. From now on you go home when everybody else does. Okay?”
“Okay. But I think I may have something for you. I ran the voice recognition software and changed it around to eliminate female voices. Well, most of them. You’d be surprised how many women out there sound kinda butch. I had that done after a few hours and then ran the calls through. It cut the list by 70%. Go figure. I was gonna pack it in for the night, but decided to listen to a few. You wouldn’t believe some of the conversations. Some people betting money on who killed him, some calling the police and confessing. Some saying it was about time and others saying he was a saint. I caught one of an ex-girlfriend talking about all the things they used to do in the bedroom. I tell ya that girl was a real freak...”
“Eric?”
“Yeah, sorry. Anyway, I lost track of time and kept listening. I flagged a few calls that sounded suspicious, but nothing definite until just a half hour ago. I have it here on the laptop. It’s from a pre-paid cell in the Port Charlotte area to somewhere in southwest Michigan. I came over as soon as I got the locations.”
Eric flipped open the laptop, and his fingers flew across the keyboard. Jack got up and shut the door while he waited. Soon he was handed a set of headphones from around Eric’s neck.
He listened three times to the conversation. After stopping it the third time, he sat back in his seat to think.
Eric was tired and a little impatient. “What do we do now?”
Jack looked up at him. Eric looked ready to drop. Jet lag followed by an all night work session.
“You’re going to your hotel to shower and change. I want you back here as soon as possible. Bring enough clothes for a few days.”
“Where are we going?”
Jack was already on his way out the door.
“Memphis. You can sleep on the plane.”
*    *    *
Danny Drake was sitting in front of his laptop typing out the last chapter on TJ Olson. When the story was finished, he had plans for ditching his photographer and taking the car out to Sanibel Island for a tall cool drink and a nice sunset, something with a lot of rum in it. Let them call all they want. He could screen calls with the best of them.
With a final scroll for typos, he hit the button and sent the story on its way to his editor. It was not his best work, but then he’d been going non-stop for days. It contained more than the other writers had, thanks to Jack, so, despite the quality, his editor should be pleased. Ignoring the email box, he shut the computer off and rose from the chair. After a stretch, he left a trail of clothes to the shower. He was standing immobile under the hot water when his cell phone rang. He tried to remember which person he had assigned that ring-tone. Once it dawned on him who it was, he bolted from the shower and dove across the bed to snatch the phone from the nightstand.
“Hello?”
“Danny? Thought I missed you.”
“Sorry. I was in the shower.”
“I’m heading for Memphis.”
“When?”
“Right now. I suggest you join me.”
“Okay, can I ask why?”
“All I can say is a rally in Memphis tomorrow.”
“All right, I’ll be there. Can we talk there?”
“We’ll see.”
The call ended. Danny rolled over on the wet bedspread.
“So much for the drink,” he told the ceiling fan.
He rose and walked back to the bathroom. He’d at least salvage his shower.
*    *    *
Sam sat in the driver’s seat and watched the park. The last cruiser had gone by over twenty minutes ago, and the chatter on the police scanner was normal traffic. The park was clearing out as people went home for dinner, or the kids got tired. Traffic was slowing from its rush hour peak. A couple of homeless sat on one bench while a young couple shared another. The sun was going down behind the buildings.
The police radio took on a change as a new dispatcher took over. Soon cars were calling in with radio checks as they came on duty. This was what Sam was waiting for. The city was at its lowest police presence during shift change, with most units all at their respective stations, punching in or punching out. It was time for Sam to move.
He placed the van in gear and drove it over the curb to the exact spot he had seen the previous one parked at. As casually as he could, he exited and pulled open the rear door to retrieve his tool box. His eyes took in the details as he carried it to the stage. The stage was concrete, about chest high off the ground. The podium, about eight feet from the front edge, had a speaker on both sides. Should be enough to keep the crowd safe he thought as he placed the toolbox carefully on the stage and then pulled himself up.
The strain on his gut set off the pain and Sam sat on his knees fighting it for several seconds. He wiped the sweat from his face as he scanned the park for people. No one seemed to be watching him. With a grunt against the pain, he rose to his feet and walked to the right side speaker.
With the aid of a screwdriver, he quickly removed the back panel. The box held two large speakers that angled up at a forty-five degree angle. Sam measured with his fingers, and found just enough space between the speaker and the bottom of the box for his device. He pulled the tool box closer and removed the shoe box. After a quick look around, he extracted the device and wedged it below the speaker frame and then wedged a small wrench in place to keep the device flat against the upturned inner wall. The charge was aimed right at the top of the podium. He pulled the cell phone from his pocket and thumbed it on. Two wire nuts came from his other pocket, and the device was connected to the phone. Sam checked to see if he had the paper with the cell number in his pocket. He couldn’t afford to lose it. Now ready, he replaced the back panel and carefully moved the speaker a few inches to the left to center the aim. From Sam’s viewpoint the majority of the blast was going into the roof, with the top of the podium in the middle of the zone. Perfect.
He carefully repacked his tools, being sure not to leave anything behind. A scan of the park revealed no onlookers. The homeless had moved on, and the lovers were absorbed in each other.
Sam had just pulled the van back onto the road and made it to the first stop light when he was joined by a police car. The deputy played with his on-board computer until the light turned green. Sam let him go, and took a right in the direction of the used car lot. It was time to retrieve his rental car. He was through with the van.
—THIRTY-ONE—
The state of New Mexico holds 6,223 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 4,169 are repeat offenders.


“It’s amazing, just amazing. I think I’ll pay him to teach me how he does it,” Larry remarked.
“He did it so fast, before we even left the runway,” Sydney answered.
They were taking a break from reading and were watching Eric sleep. The boy had climbed aboard a little slowly and fallen into the first captain’s chair. He had then put on his seat belt, kicked the chair back all the way, and started snoring. They marveled at his ability to sleep through the captain’s announcement, the take off, and all the activity and conversation since. Sydney moved to wake him up, but Jack waved her off.
“Strange Teddy bear,” she commented now.
“Kids these days,” was Larry’s answer.
Eric lay twisted in the chair. Normally spiked hair now scrunched to one side. Mouth open with a little drool present. Yet the laptop was gripped tightly in his hands.
“Hey you two, spin around and join us,” Jack called.
Sydney spun her chair, while Larry rose and moved to a bench seat closer to Jack. Jack and Dave had been talking for the last few minutes after Jack’s last phone call.
“I know you’re all wondering why we’re on our way to Memphis. All I can say is an intelligence source gave us credible information that our shooter is en route to Memphis and is targeting someone at some kind of rally. Some research and talk with the locals has identified three rallies in the area. One, a children’s event, one a Nascar event that’s a week away, and the other a Klan demonstration being held tomorrow. I know what you’re thinking. We’re concentrating on the Klan demonstration. It’s a march to a park by the locals, and then a few speeches by some of their leadership. As required, the speakers have been notified of the death threat. I am told by the local sheriff that the count is now in the thirties. The Klan refuses to change the event. They believe the sheriff is making up the death threats in an effort to get them to cancel. Evidently, they are either that stupid or just used to death threats. Anyway, the locals are stepping up security in the surrounding buildings. The police presence is already at the maximum the sheriff can deploy. I’ve added the Bureau’s help. A few dog teams have been added at the entry points, as well as some spare metal detectors from homeland security. I wish we had more information, but if our guy makes a move there, I want us to be on top of him. If we can apply enough pressure during his escape, the more likely he’ll be to make a mistake. That’s all I’ve got. Any questions?”
Larry spoke first, “Just where did we get this information?”
“I’m afraid none of you are cleared for that. Sorry. Don’t bother asking sleeping beauty there either. I had him up all night working on something for me. Let him sleep.”
“What’s the plan when we get there?” Sydney asked.
“I want Larry and Dave to hook up with the local sheriff and the local bureau SAC. Get a game plan on how we can shut off the exits if he tries something. Find out what the manpower looks like, and put together a plan. Get frequencies, maps, and transportation for all of us. Two-man teams. Sydney and I will be on the ground at the rally. I’m gonna play counter-sniper for a change with the local SWAT team. I’ll take Eric with us. Okay?”
He got nods all around. Eric let out a snort and changed positions.
“The kid says okay,” Larry added.
Jack smiled and looked at the GPS display. “Looks like less than an hour out. Everybody be ready to go once we hit the ground. Do phone checks soon as you offload.”
*    *    *
Sam stood quietly next to the bus stop and surveyed the area. The police presence was larger than he had imagined and he nodded to a deputy on horseback as he rode past. The crowd was getting thicker by the minute. Sam pulled a pair of binoculars from the pocket of his light jacket. He automatically cupped his hands over the lenses. It was an old habit from his military days. By doing so he prevented the sun from reflecting off the lenses and producing a shine that could be seen by his target and give away his position. He remembered to avoid contact with his sunglasses which he did not remove. Sam was dressed as casually as he could with his limited wardrobe. Jeans with a T-shirt, sweatshirt over that, and a light jacket were enough for the mild Memphis winter. A worn pair of boots kept his feet warm on the cold concrete. He scanned the crowd before focusing on the stage. The speaker was right where he had left it next to the podium. A couple of flannel-clad woman were garnishing the stage with rebel flags and Klan posters. A group of police officers conversed in front of the stage with a lot of finger pointing and gesturing. As Sam watched, workman appeared, pushing a cart with some fencing. The officer in charge pointed as he spoke and the barrier was soon set up in front of the stage. From what Sam could see, there was going to be a ten to fifteen foot gap between the stage and the crowd. Good. Sam had worried about people in the crowd getting wounded in the blast. This would increase the odds of avoiding that.
Sam’s view was suddenly blocked by the arriving bus. He returned the binoculars to his pocket, and then felt around his hip to ensure the phone was in place. Pulling the baseball cap down on his forehead, he headed off in the direction of the crowd. He kept to the fringe, and with his height he was able to see over most of the people.
He abruptly stopped when his eye caught something. While standing with his head aimed toward the stage, he scrutinized the man off to his right through the dark sunglasses. The man was also dressed casually, if a little out of the crowd’s price range. A leather jacket that had never seen a Harley. A pair of LL Bean boots. The watch was gold. The sunglasses mirrored. Sam changed course and walked past the man to his opposite side. He watched in his peripheral vision for the man to turn his head, and when he did Sam had a good look at him. His suspicions were correct. The telltale earpiece with the trailing wire was easily seen around the businessman’s haircut. The feds were at the rally. But why? This was not something the feds would deal with, was it? Maybe he was a local undercover cop from the sheriff’s department? Sam looked again. No, this guy was a fed. He had the look. What did this mean? Had the bomb been found sometime last night, and they were looking for him? Would it affect his mission? The more Sam thought about it, the more he ruled out the possibility. The speaker hadn’t been moved. He had placed it carefully with the front edge lining up with two points on the stage. He had checked already, and the alignment was still good. He would continue the mission as planned.
Sam left the FBI man behind and circled the crowd. He saw two more feds, and more and more cops. After eyeballing the gap between the barrier and the stage, he had seen enough. He returned to his corner bus stop and took a seat on the bench. Picking up a left behind newspaper, he settled in to wait. He scanned the crowd over the top of the paper.
*    *    *
On the other side of the crowd, Jack, Sydney, and Eric arrived and were now doing the same thing. They had landed a half hour ago, and already the crowd had doubled in size. So far the counter-protestors seemed to outweigh the Klansman three to one. Rebel flags were popular, as were anti-Klan protest signs. The cops had formed a loose line at the barrier and so far the crowd was cooperating. Jack had talked to the local sheriff, and knew that two blocks away, in a parking garage, multiple officers in riot gear assembled with supporting vehicles and plenty of tear gas. They had already jailed a few skinheads that had arrived last night and started a fight in a bar. Jack was sure there were empty cells standing by.
“Dad said you would show me some interesting things. This is my first Klan rally,” Eric commented. “Can’t wait to tell Mom.”
“If it’s any help, it’s my first too,” Sydney answered.
“So what are we looking for?” Eric asked.
Jack answered that one without stopping his scan. “First, look at the buildings. A sniper in an urban environment usually looks for an elevated position to keep things out of his line of fire. Since the stage is elevated, also, this helps him, but with all the signs and flags he could still have obstructions, so he needs a minimal elevation of one story. So we look for positions that offer such a line of fire. Next, we look for permanent obstructions. Trees, buildings, traffic is always changing, but to a sniper it’s permanent. Look at the sun. The angle of the sun can cause a glare in his optics. A shooter prefers that the sun be in the target’s eyes. The stage faces south, so that aids the sniper as it gives him more choices. Consider the range. This man has already shown he can hit the V-ring at over seven-hundred meters. That’s good. So you can’t rule out those buildings down the street. What’s his weapon of choice? The Remington he’s been using can reach about a thousand meters with accuracy for this size target, but there are rifles out there that can reach over double that. So, what are we looking for you asked? All of that and more. The locals will have to watch the crowd up close in case he tries a John Hinckley. I don’t see that happening. This guy has a list he’s working on and plans on getting away. He’ll do it from a distance.”
Eric and Sydney were silent as they now looked at the area through Jack’s eyes. As they scanned the buildings and the surrounding area, they realized the enormity of the situation.
“Let’s take a walk before the parade shows up,” Jack said.
*    *    *
Danny caught sight of Jack just before he descended the stairs from the building and entered the crowd. He had been tempted to walk over, but Jack had two other agents with him, so he backed off. At least he was at the right rally. Jack must think the shooter had a target here. It made sense. The white supremacists had led their little army of skinheads to commit countless crimes and hardly ever been held accountable. Danny was a big free speech supporter, but even he frowned on the hate being pushed by this group. He could see why they would be targeted by the man committing the shootings. He tried to follow Jack’s progress through the crowd, but soon lost him. He gave up and pulled out the camera to get a few shots before the parade arrived and he got crowded out.
*    *    *
Danny was not the only one watching Jack. Sam had completed a trip down the right side of the crowded park to double check the clearance of his bomb. Mentally measuring distances, he failed to see Jack approach from his right. Sam was almost shocked into inaction, but recovered enough to turn away and enter the crowd. Once parallel with Jack and his entourage, he stole a look in their direction. They all seemed to be observing the buildings in the area.
“Looking for me, Jack?” he asked himself. “How did you know?”
Sam continued through the crowd until he was out the other side and then moved off in the opposite direction from Jack. He found an area with a few low trees, and chose a spot next to some other curious observers. The noise of the parade was fast approaching and those seated rose to their feet. The flags were seen first along with the pointed tops of the Klan hoods. More arrived on horseback, followed by a semi-organized group of skinheads. The parade broke apart, and the skinheads pushed their way to the front of the crowd, while the senior Klansmen took the stage. A White Power chant was taken up by the skinheads, and the counter-protesters soon drowned them out. One Klansman approached the podium and tapped the microphone. The squeal of feedback silenced both parties. They would save their breath for later.
The man at the podium removed his hood and a cheer went up from the crowd. Sam recognized him as Curtis’s son. The Future of the Klan, some articles had labeled him. Not quite as intelligent as his father, he was long on rhetoric and short everywhere else. If he was indeed the Klan’s new leader then the Klan was in trouble. He proceeded to get the crowd riled up with a short but fiery speech. After fifteen minutes of hate, he turned and pointed to his father.
The elder Curtis rose, removed his hood, and walked forward to the cheers of the skinheads. He waved and smiled while being simultaneously praised and demonized. He didn’t acknowledge either until he launched into his own speech of hate. The counter-protesters had saved their wind for this man, and now gave him all they had. The skinheads put their backs to the barrier and closed ranks to protect their leader. The police watched nervously from the sidelines.
Sam reached into his pocket for the phone.
*    *    *
Jack, Sydney, and Eric had found a perch on the concrete steps of a building across from the park. Twice they had been approached by police officers to move them off the steps. Jack had waved the first one away with his badge, and Eric had beat them to the second one. He couldn’t help but smile at Sydney afterward.
“It’s my first FBI badge,” he explained.
Jack ignored them both and continued to scan the buildings. All he saw were curious onlookers and uniformed police officers. SWAT team members could be seen on the roof tops, scanning the surrounding windows. So far they had seen two false alarms and then nothing.
“Think our boy’s gonna show?” Sydney asked.
“Maybe,” was his reply.
Sydney turned her binoculars to the podium. She had just focused them on the red-faced speaker when he disappeared in a flash of light. She felt the concussion of the blast in the hair on her forearms before she was tackled to the ground by Jack. Her elbow hit the steps hard, and a sharp pain shot up to her shoulder. Then the weight was off her and Jack could be seen running into the fleeing crowd. He made little progress despite the weapon in his hand. The panicking crowd just wanted to get away.
“Are you all right?” Eric asked. She turned to see him on the steps next to her. Some blood running out of his hairline.
“I’m okay, you?”
“Yeah, bumped my head when Jack took us down. It hurts.”
“Come on. Let’s find him.”
Jack fought his way forward until he was near the stage. Several skinheads lay bleeding on the grass, but no one looked dead. One was screaming but couldn’t hear himself due to the blood coming from both ears. One rose to get in Jack’s way until he saw the gun. Jack pushed him aside and vaulted up on the stage. As he approached the body lying behind the podium, he found himself stepping around roofing nails. Curtis Jr. cradled his father in his arms and cursed every minority his brain could produce. He looked up at Jack and, seeing the gun in one hand and the badge in the other, cursed him too. Jack dismissed him and walked to the other speaker. The blast had torn a panel off the side, and Jack was able to see into the box. Just a speaker. He stood and pulled the radio from his belt to call for the dogs to sweep the area for secondary devices. As he finished the call, he looked down to see Curtis Sr. give a forceful cough. A few labored breaths followed. Curtis was still alive.
Jack added an ambulance to his call.
*    *    *
Danny ran out of standard film and switched to the digital camera. He fought his way close to the stage, and got some good shots of Jack standing over the father and son with his gun drawn. He now slowed down and took the occasional shot as they loaded the Klansman into the ambulance. Once they were gone, he returned to the stage and watched the police tape it off. Soon the crime scene investigators showed up. They waited quietly while the men with the dogs swept the area. He snapped a couple more until he looked up and saw Jack watching him. They shared a look across the distance, and Jack held up his phone. Danny nodded in return.
—THIRTY-TWO—
The state of New York holds 65,198 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 43,682 are repeat offenders.


“...and the final report is a total of nine people wounded in yesterday’s bombing attack on a Ku Klux Klan leader at a rally here in Memphis. The leader of the Klan, Thomas R. Curtis, was giving a speech, when a bomb hidden in a speaker went off on the stage. Initial police statements claim that the bomb was homemade in nature, and contained nails to maximize its killing power. Seven members of Tennessee White Pride were also injured in the blast, as well as one police officer, all with minor injuries. Mr. Curtis is listed in serious but stable condition today at a local hospital. In other news, the city’s proposal to widen Parkland Lane is up for a vote...”
Sam thumbed the off button in disgust. He was pissed. His homemade bomb had failed, and the bastard was still alive. He had been watching the news all night and again this morning. The pictures were of the scene, with police crawling all over the place, several of them bagging nails, others standing on ladders to pick them out of the overhead roof. All that shrapnel and he had missed! The skinheads that were injured had not concerned him. They had made their decision just as Curtis had. Screw ’em. The cop’s injury was minor, he’d be all right.
“Goddammit!” Sam yelled. What was he going to do now? He paced around the small hotel room. He had switched to a more upscale room on the opposite side of town from the first. He had hit traffic as he drove across town, and the radios announced roadblocks at various points leading out of the city. An additional night’s stay seemed like a good idea. He needed the rest anyway. After forcing himself to bed last night, he had woke this morning to watch the morning news reports. Now he was just fighting the ache in his gut that seemed to be more persistent. It was time to call Paul. He rooted around in his bag till he located the cell phones. Selecting the right one, he dialed. Paul answered on the first ring.
“About time, how are things going?”
“Shitty, and for once I mean it. Can you believe this?”
“Slow down. I’m doing shitty, too, by the way.”
“Sorry,” Sam answered. “I forgot. Just pisses me off. I had two sticks and two boxes of nails in that thing. Tamped it with some plate steel and fused it from the middle. It should have been more than enough. I don’t know what happened.”
“From the looks of it on the TV, the majority of it went into the ceiling. Did you aim it right and make sure it didn’t move after you placed it?”
Sam thought about it for a minute as he paced. Could the bomb have shifted? The wrench he had used to prop it up hadn’t been taped in place. Maybe it fell and the bomb was more flat than when he had placed it? It was a possibility, he had to admit.
“I don’t know, maybe. All I know now is the guy is still alive in a hospital room somewhere, and they have roadblocks set up around the city.”
“Those won’t last another day, and then you can leave. You’re gonna be late for your appointment again if you don’t get out of there by tomorrow.”
Sam was silent for a moment while he thought about what he was going to say next. There was no way around it.
“Jack’s here.”
“I know. I saw him on the TV,” Paul replied.
“He was here yesterday. I saw him in the crowd not twenty meters away.”
“What? How did he know what your target was?”
“I don’t know. He can’t know it’s me or you wouldn’t have answered the phone when I called. My face would be on television and my fifteen minutes will have begun. Jack’s a smart guy. Somehow he made it happen.”
Paul’s mind raced as he took in the information. This had to be more than a coincidence. How the hell did they know? They had been very careful up to now. Everything set up beforehand. Multiple identities. Code phrases. Communications.
Paul pulled the phone from his ear and looked at it in horror. A pre-paid cell from a major chain, they had always bought them in pairs. Could they possibly be tracing them?
“Okay, listen. From now on no names on the phones, no talk about what you just did or where you’re going next. Keep the same passwords and above all, keep the conversations under a minute. Got all that? I’m hanging up.”
“What?...All right, I’ll check in later.”
The phone went dead. Sam looked at it while he thought about what Paul had said. Reaching the same possibilities, he thumbed the button to turn it off.
*    *    *
“Gut check answer, are we gonna get anything from this?”
Sydney looked up at Jack from her position on the ground. Jack had been pacing around the scene all morning while she and her team collected evidence with the help of the local crew. It was a slow process, and Jack was getting impatient.
“I don’t know, Jack. It’s too early to answer that.”
“Come on, Syd. What do you think based on what we have?” Jack spread his arms to encompass the whole area.
She sighed and then frowned at him. She hated being put on the spot like that. Pulling a stray hair out of her face, she looked around. The cell phone remains had already been traced to a popular model sold everywhere. The explosive was yet undetermined, but her nose said it was dynamite. The packaging was fiberglass. All very common.
“Well?” Jack pressed.
“Slim,” was her answer. Jack didn’t like it. He turned away for a moment and then came back.
“We’re leaving. Where are Larry and Dave?”
“Still at the hospital, I guess.”
“Find Eric, and let’s go see how they’re doing.” He turned and stalked away.
“He’s not happy,” Eric said as he approached.
“No, he’s not, and Jack doesn’t get mad,” Sydney answered as she watched Jack duck under the tape and storm off to his car. “We were close. Now we have to catch up again. That’s what’s got him mad.”
“Are we leaving?”
“Yeah. Make sure you bag and tag everything before you leave. I’ll meet you at the car. Don’t forget the equipment.”
“Okay. Gimme ten minutes.”
*    *    *
Sam watched the news again and the story was repeated every half hour. It was like they were taunting him. The young blond with the perfectly coiffed hair delivered the news, good or bad, with her perky smile, never missing a beat. He turned the box off again. He was getting restless. He still had the stuff in the storage unit. Toying with the idea for a moment, he got up and grabbed his jacket off the chair. The keys were in his pocket.
A twenty minute drive later and Sam was in the parking garage across from the hospital. It was dangerous, hospitals were full of cameras, but Sam just couldn’t leave it alone. He watched as the ambulances pulled up to the emergency room bay and unloaded their patients. Other hospital personnel also used the entrance, all types: nurses, maintenance, clerical. It just happened to be the closest entrance to the parking garage, and also a way to avoid going through the crowded emergency room waiting room. He pulled the powerful spotting scope to his eye and watched another person punch in the code on the entrance pad. He couldn’t see the actual numbers, but he got a good idea of where their fingers were going.
“They can’t be that stupid.” He shook his head in amazement. Was this worth a try? He returned to his car and changed into his coveralls and hat. He checked the items in his tool box before setting out for the ambulance entrance.
As he exited the parking garage, he noticed a higher volume of foot traffic. Shift change was evidently occurring. He adjusted his stride to arrive at the door alone. He eyeballed the keyboard before punching in the numbers.
9-1-1.
The door opened with a hiss and he walked inside without trouble. He ignored the bustling emergency room and followed the signs till he was clear. Rounding the corner, he found a bank of service elevators. Punching the down button, he was rewarded with a ding as the door opened. He found himself all alone in the oversized car. Selecting the button for the sub-basement, he was quietly on his way. When the doors opened, he exited into a rather plain tiled hallway. Bins of linen lined the wall, and the smell of bleach was in the air. Following it to the left, he was rewarded with the sound of the hospital’s large washing machines. He paused at the door and listened to several women having a loud conversation over the noise. He jumped when a bin appeared at the door being pushed by a small woman. Since he had no option, Sam waited till she saw him.
“I’m sorry, I just can’t see around this thing,” she said.
“That’s all right. I’m a little lost. Can you tell me where the locker room is?”
“Oh, you’re way off, honey. Up one floor and all the way across. It’s next to the pool. Just follow the signs and the chlorine smell. You can’t miss it.”
“Thank you.”
“No problem. Good luck.” She shoved the bin in line with all the others before returning to the humid room.
Sam eyeballed the bin. Towels. He looked in the second one, the same. The third one held scrubs. Sam pawed through them until he had a set of extra-large. They were quickly stuck in the tool box, and he was on his way.
He located a flight of stairs and was up one floor. The signs said Faculty Gym, with a corresponding arrow. Sam did as instructed. He passed a pharmacy with cameras outside the door, keeping his head down so the hat would shield his features as he passed. His nose indicated a kitchen of some sort, and he soon saw it through a window. Once past that, he detected the faint smell of chlorine. Following it, he soon found the pool, with a separate entrance to the men’s locker room. Entering it, he found row after row of lockers, some with people changing, but most empty. Following the rows, he eventually came to the bathroom facilities. Here he made a show of checking the toilets and sinks. Some personnel came and went. Sam listened to a large group of men changing their clothes a row over. Not so much to them, but to the locker doors. He only heard two slams out of a group of six voices. They soon strode by on their way to the pool. Sam picked up the tool box and walked past the row. Several lockers were open with clothing hanging off the doors and on the benches. He continued on to the next row, and seeing it empty, quickly returned to the first. A quick search gave him three choices. He took the badge with the picture that resembled him the most. Fixing it to his lapel, he reversed it so the front didn’t show. It was something he noticed his nurses did when he was in the hospital. When he asked why, he was told that some patients were hostile, especially in the ER, and the nurses hid their names so as not to be singled out and targeted. He doubted he’d be asked by anyone to show his badge. What he really wanted was the barcode on the side of it. He looked like a maintenance man and they were everywhere. With the badge he should have access to every coded entry. He left the locker room and traveled the hallways, getting familiar with the layout of the building, and testing his pass on a couple of doors. At an information booth, he snagged a map from the stand, and then found a bathroom in which to consult it. He quickly located the ICU and all the exits from it. Quietly as possible, he changed his clothes until he wore the scrubs underneath the coveralls.
Now with a plan and the building layout committed to memory, he exited the bathroom and headed for the stairs. After four flights, he was on the ICU floor. He looked through the window to see a U-shaped row of rooms with glass walls. A nurse’s station sat in the center with several monitors hanging from the ceiling. Sam was surprised to see only two people in the room. He knew there was a nursing shortage, but this was not what he expected. A third nurse appeared to grab a chart, and just as quickly left. After watching for ten minutes, Sam concluded that they alone were the night shift. He squinted to read the names of the patients on the doors. The third one read “Curtis” with his doctor’s name written below it. The glass door was half open and the curtain was pulled.
How was he going to pull this off?
*    *    *
Jack sat across from Larry in the hospital cafeteria. Curtis was still under sedation and it would be some time before he was able to talk. Larry had tried with the younger Curtis, but had been told to go to hell in so many words. Sydney and Eric were off on a search for Mountain Dew. Something they had discovered they both had an affinity for.
“What now Larry? I’m out of ideas.”
“Well, I’m not sure. We can look at some of the names we came up with. Hope for some forensics. Can you pull that magic trick you did again?”
“Not for a couple of days,” was all Jack could say. Larry took the answer without question. They sat in silence.
“Why do you think he chose Curtis?” Larry asked. “I mean, the man was tried and found not guilty once. Then he was re-tried and found guilty in the civil suit. He hasn’t really escaped justice as our shooter said in the letter. As far as I know he’s never even pulled the trigger himself for any of the crimes he’s been tied to. I’m not sure I understand why our guy put him on his death list.”
“That’s the problem with vigilantism. Some targets are black and white to most people, some aren’t. I’m sure nobody is going to shed a tear for Ping, but pretty soon they get very debatable. Like Curtis here. Is he a criminal? Probably. His file has him tied to drug gangs and weapons runners. But has he actually committed a crime? His hate speech may boil your blood when you hear it, but when you get right down to it, it’s just that, it’s a speech, just one man making his personal feelings heard in a very public way. Like it or not, in this country we don’t jail people for that. Protecting his right to do so is one of the things we safeguard the most.”
Larry thought about it for a moment before replying. “You think the system is broken like he says?”
“I don’t know what he means by broken. It all really has to do with his view of how it’s working. You have to remember, we are some of the most under-policed people in the world. The average American spends his whole life with little or no contact with the police outside of the TSA or maybe a traffic ticket. Most see the police as something they like to have around, yet they avoid contact with us at all cost. It’s like we’re the enemy right up until they need us. It’s that silence that lets the men like Curtis get as far as they do. Nobody calls them out until it gets to the point that it affects them. If the people are complacent while bad things happen right in front of them, then who’s to blame then?”
“We have hate crime legislation now. Isn’t that a step in the right direction?”
“I was never really in favor of it, to tell you the truth. So we can tack on a few years if it fits the court’s definition of a hate crime. I don’t think it really does anything to deter the crime in the first place. A murder is a murder. A crime is a crime. The judge should be able to decide what the person gets at sentencing. I guess I just don’t like the way we are now adding jail time based on what someone was thinking. Do you think our shooter has committed a hate crime yet?”
Larry shrugged. “Hard to say really. More like a reverse hate crime.”
“Exactly. I was talking with Dr. Wong about it. He stressed that we understand that the shooter’s goal is to make a statement about the justice system, not to deliver justice to those who he thinks need it. I’m trying to think like our shooter and it’s becoming more difficult. Who deserves to die? It doesn’t matter what I think, it only matters what the shooter thinks.”
“The perils of the vigilante.” Larry sighed.
“You can say that again. Think along these lines, the public seems to be split on the subject don’t they? If this produces a bunch of copycats we’re heading for real trouble.”
“What if he turns out to be a cop?” Larry ventured.
“Even worse. The half that stayed with us may jump over to the other side.”
They both nursed their coffee while they contemplated such an outcome. Jack broke it with another insight.
“He’s getting bolder,” Jack stated.
“Yes, he is,” Larry echoed.
“Overconfidence, or just plain balls?”
“Don’t know. There’s a third possibility, too, you know.”
“What’s that?”
“Maybe he just doesn’t care anymore,” Larry offered.
“Don’t go there. My day’s been bad enough.”
*    *    *
After another ten minutes, Sam had his idea. He used his pass card and entered the room, striding purposefully up to the desk. The nurse was writing furiously in a chart with what looked like others stacked up next to her. She glanced up at his presence.
“Yes?” she asked.
“I’m here to check the calibration of your oxygen ports, should only take a few minutes,” Sam explained. He held his breath. Would she buy it? It sounded good to him.
“All right, just put a mask on when you go into six. His immune system is compromised. Make sure you glove up, too.” She was already back into her paperwork.
Sam looked around until he saw boxes of gloves hanging on the wall. He grabbed a pair of large and slipped them on. He walked past room three on his way back to one and could see Curtis inside, his head, face and chest heavily bandaged. His eyes were closed. Sam entered the first room and found an elderly man on a ventilator. His heart rate was erratic and his color was gray. Sam opened the tool box and pulled out the Ruger Paul had made silent a few weeks ago and stuck it inside his coveralls. After making some noise he hoped was appropriate, he exited the room and entered two. The nurse didn’t even look up. Inside he found another elderly male with a large surgical scar across his abdomen. His color was poor also, but he appeared to have a regular heart rate on the monitor and was sleeping comfortably. Sam traced the wires from his chest up to the monitor. He read the screen carefully and found the alarm icon. It was green. Sam knew from his own hospital stays that if one of the wires was disconnected, the alarm would sound. He saw a mask lying on the counter and put it on. With the tool box in one hand, he quickly yanked two wires off with the other. There was a pause, and then a loud beeping could be heard out at the nurse’s desk. Sam exited the room to see the two nurses moving in his direction.
“I’m sorry. I caught some wires on my tool box!”
“I’ve got it. Just get out of the way.” The nurses shoved past him.
As they entered room two, Sam stepped into room three. Stepping to the monitor, he hit the button that silenced the alarm. He quickly pulled the pistol from his coveralls and aimed it at the prone figure on the bed. He was rewarded by Curtis opening his eyes. They focused and widened just before Sam pulled the trigger, sending a round through his open mouth and into his brain. The cough of the silenced round was drowned out by the alarm next door. Sam returned the pistol to his coveralls and left the room for the exit in the opposite direction. He was just leaving when the nurse called after him. He ignored her and headed for the elevators. The doors closed just as the nurse entered the hallway. Lucky for her, she was too late. Sam rode the elevator down three floors before getting off. He kept the mask on as he strode the length of the floor, and entered the stairs on the opposite end. Descending to the next landing, he then stopped to remove the coveralls. He tossed them in the corner along with the toolbox. The pistol was shoved down the front of his pants where it was covered by the bulky scrubs. He took the stairs down at a normal pace.
*    *    *
Jack was still sitting in the cafeteria with Sydney, Larry, and Eric when the overhead announcement came on.
“Attention security. Code Black, Repeat, Code Black. Monitor channel two.” It was repeated three times. Jack spun around until he saw two security men eating at the next table.
“Hey.” Jack held up his badge. “What’s a code black?”
“Assault on a patient. We have a bunch of codes. Pink for stolen babies, red for fire. It’s always a drill.”
Jack was watching the other man’s face as he listened to the radio he’d put to his ear. His expression changed and Jack got to his feet.
The man looked up at all of them watching him. “It’s for real. Somebody just shot the Klan guy up on six. He’s dead. A maintenance guy, white, six foot, brown coveralls. We’re supposed to secure all the exits. No one leaves.”
“Let’s go,” Jack said. “Where’s the maintenance entrance?” he demanded.
“Uh, there isn’t one really. Closest thing would be down in the basement next to the loading dock and the emergency generators.”
“Show me!” Jack ran after the men. He turned and pointed to the rest of them. “Find the other exits and help secure them!”
Larry looked after Jack. There was no way he could run fast enough to catch him. He turned around to see Sydney and Eric looking at him for guidance.
“Okay...Syd, you take the bridge to the parking garage and Junior and I will take the ER entrance. Stay in touch, and don’t do anything by yourself!”
“Okay.” She turned and ran toward the employee entrance, pulling her gun as she ran. She remembered to move her badge out where everyone could see it. She didn’t want to get shot by a nervous security guard.
*    *    *
Sam exited the stairwell and turned the corner heading toward the loading dock. He expected the regular entrances to be guarded by now, but the loading dock most likely wasn’t. A guard was no doubt on his way though and Sam was hoping to beat him.
As soon as he rounded the corner he knew he was too late. An older security guard was strolling the dock. He spun around when he heard Sam approach.
“Hold it, young man. I can’t let you leave.”
Sam stopped. “I was hoping to get out before the lock down. If I’m late again she’s gonna kill me. Aren’t you sick of these drills?”
The man relaxed a bit, but not much. His name tag read Charlie. Charlie had some gray showing in his afro.
“Word is this one’s for real. Somebody up on six finished off the hate monger.”
“No shit? Well, I just want to go home. How about letting me out?”
Charlie looked Sam over as if considering the request. His gaze fell on Sam’s boots. Odd, he thought. Nobody wore boots like that up on the floors. It was all tennis shoes. For all the time they spent on their feet. Charlie felt something was wrong.
Before Sam could react Charlie pulled his gun and had the drop on him. Sam didn’t move, he just slowly raised his hands. He could see the Marine Corps tattoo on Charlie’s forearm. The man seemed very comfortable with his sidearm.
They stood in silence for a moment until Charlie broke it with a question.
“You the guy in the paper, sniping all those criminals?” The gun didn’t waver.
Sam decided this was a bad time to lie.
“Yeah.”
Some more silence. Sam was about to speak when Charlie cut him off.
“My daddy had to deal with those Klan sons-of-bitches his whole life. It’s why I became a soldier and then a cop.” He let the statement hang. Sam just nodded. The gun stayed trained on Sam’s chest. Some more silence.
“The door behind me leads to the loading dock. From there it’s out the gate on the left and into the parking garage. You should have cover there till you come out a block down the street. You hear me?”
Sam just nodded.
Charlie lowered the gun and stepped aside. Sam walked slowly past him to the door. He stopped and looked back at Charlie.
“You have kids, Charlie?”
“Three daughters.”
“They got a good father.”
Charlie nodded a thank you before Sam was out the door.
—THIRTY-THREE—
The state of North Carolina holds 33,560 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 22,485 are repeat offenders.


Sam was across the loading dock and at the gate in seconds. He paused for a moment to look and listen. Hearing nothing but traffic noise, he walked through at a normal pace. He couldn’t believe his luck. The man was a veteran cop! Paul hadn’t lied when he’d told him they had some followers. Sam dismissed the incident and concentrated on his escape. Approaching the parking garage, he noticed that the guards were checking cars as they left. Fortunately, Sam had not allowed himself to be boxed in like that, and had circled the block until he’d found an empty spot on the street at the other end of the garage. The structure was five stories and would take awhile to search. He vaulted the waist-high wall to enter the garage on the first level, and strode past the backed up traffic waiting to leave.
*    *    *
Sydney had made it to the entrance only to find it already closed by two security men. She identified herself and then moved past them onto the walkway connecting to the parking garage. She was gazing through the glass in both directions, wondering what to do, when she saw the man exit the gate. The sign beyond him read Loading Dock. That was where Jack was headed, she thought. The man looked in all directions as he walked quickly but casually across the street. She watched him further as he approached the parking ramp entrance. Something wasn’t right. He stopped when he saw all the security, and then walked through the grass and jumped the wall into the garage. She lost sight of him in the long shadows cast by the setting sun. It was getting dark fast.
She fumbled with her phone as she walked toward the entrance to the garage on her floor. It rang three times before Jack answered.
“Yeah, Syd?” He sounded out of breath.
“I just saw a guy exit the loading dock entrance. He crossed the street and then jumped the wall into the parking ramp. He fit the description, but he’s wearing scrubs now. He was acting funny, avoided the main entrance when he saw the security there.”
“Okay, we’re almost there. Can you still see him?”
“Negative. I lost him in the dark.”
“All right, try to locate him again, but don’t do anything till I find you. Okay? Be careful.”
“Okay, I’m entering the ramp on the second level. I’ll call if I see him.” She hung up and sprinted down the walkway.
Jack regretted telling Sydney what he had as soon as she hung up. Sydney was a scientist. She had never really excelled at this part of the job, and he had just sent her after a skilled killer. He thought about calling her back, but he knew it would do no good. She’d do it anyway. He increased his pace down the hall. He’d have to find her quickly.
The security guard was nowhere to be found when they rounded the corner. The security man pointed to the exit and Jack burst through into the cold night air. The sky was clear and the moon was full, so Jack had a good view of the area. He spotted the gate and was soon through it and on his way across the street to the garage. He vaulted the wall at the same point that Sam had and drew his sidearm. He waved the security man over.
“Have your men seal off the other end of the ramp and put people on all sides. Pull them from the hospital if you have to.”
“I’m not sure if I can do that. Our protocol says...”
“Just call your boss and tell him I said to do it. The man is out here, not in the hospital. Tell them there are two FBI agents in the ramp, and call the local PD. Do it now.”
The security man was young, but he knew a command voice when he heard it. He keyed the mic on his radio and did as he was told. When he turned back around, Jack was already lost in the darkness.
*    *    *
Sam caught the movement on the ramp and ducked behind a car. Watching through the glass, he saw a pair of legs descending the ramp slowly, followed by what looked like a 10mm pistol gripped a little too tightly and held by a woman with long black hair. She stooped to see under the ramp as she walked down from the second level. A flash of light caught the badge on her belt. It was the woman he had seen with Jack in the park yesterday. He watched as she turned away from him, and entered the darkness off to her left. He drew the .22 from his own belt, and silently moved away from her to his right. She was moving in the direction he needed to go. He’d have to circle around and avoid her. Luckily there were plenty of cars to hide behind. He scanned in her direction as he moved. He had to hurry, time was against him.
*    *    *
Jack pulled out his cell phone, but the screen read No Service. All the concrete and steel of the structure was blocking the signal. He stuffed it back in his pocket and moved farther into the garage. It was huge as far as parking ramps went. Five levels up and two underground. As long as a football field. The impatient drivers were starting to use their horns, and all the fumes were getting thick. He kept up his scan as he moved forward, old habits and training already kicking in. So far he saw no sign of Sydney, or the suspect. He decided to go right and follow the wall to the end of the ramp. He could only hope the locals arrived in time to seal it off.
*    *    *
Sydney was scared. This was definitely not her thing. She had aimed her weapon at three people so far, but luckily none of them had seen her. The horns were getting louder, and this only added to her nervousness.
“Calm down, Sydney,” she told herself.
She peered into the darkness, but never saw anything. Cars swinging around the corners caused shadows to fly across the walls, disorienting her. A headache was developing from all the cars spewing carbon monoxide. She shook her head and moved on. Her arm ached where Jack had tackled her.
*    *    *
Sam followed her progress with his ears. The click of her shoes on the concrete gave away her position. He lowered himself into a push-up position, and attempted to see her under the van he was behind. As he turned his head, he opened his mouth wide to clear the pressure in his inner ear. It promoted the sensitivity of the ear drum. Good army training. He soon picked up another set of footsteps. This one was off to his right. He smiled. It was getting interesting. He pushed himself up and rolled his feet inside the rubber-soled boots as he walked down the row. The dark blue scrubs helped him fade into the dark.
*    *    *
Sydney caught some movement off to her left and froze in place. She raised the pistol in her hand and looked down the barrel in that direction. Her ears picked up some noise and she tightened her grip. She waited, but nothing came out of the dark. It suddenly occurred to her that she was standing in the light, so she moved over to fall into the shadow of a concrete pillar. Once again she raised the pistol, this time thumbing off the safety. It gave with a loud click that she was sure the whole garage heard. The noise repeated itself closer.
*    *    *
Sam had come to an open area of two empty parking places. He had no choice but to cross it. He dropped to the push-up position again and lowered his head to scan under the cars. He couldn’t see much, so he rose and scanned through the glass of the car, again nothing. As he listened, he heard radio chatter below him on the sidewalk. One of the security guards with the volume up was circling the ramp. He moved to the side of the car and looked in the direction of the north entrance. The cars were still piled up. He could see two hospital security men, but no police yet. As the thought traveled through his mind, he heard the distant sound of a siren. Could be an ambulance, he thought, but soon two more could be heard, definitely the police. He had to hurry. A car was coming down the ramp. He took a deep breath and sprinted across the gap.
*    *    *
Sydney saw the movement and then the shadow as the car hit the person with their headlights. Sydney’s brain gathered the image and zeroed in on the silhouette of the gun in his hand. She took aim as the man came into view and fired.
The bullet hit the pillar behind Jack just as he came around it. He immediately dove to the right and rolled behind a car. He kept rolling until he was at the front tire. Peering out from behind, he scanned the area. The sound of someone running could be heard from the far end of the garage, away from where the shot had been fired. He looked from the other side of the tire. Some movement caught his eye, and he saw the edge of a shoe appear from behind a pillar.
“Sydney!”
“Jack?”
“Put the damn gun away before you kill me!”
Jack rose and walked toward her. She appeared from behind the pillar with a confused look on her face. Then it dawned on her what she had done.
“Oh god, Jack are you all right?”
“Yeah, you weren’t even close.”
“I...I saw the gun in the shadow and I thought...”
“It’s okay.” He reached out, took the pistol away from her and cleared the chamber before thumbing the safety back on and handing it back. He turned to find the security guards from the entrance running toward them. He waved them back.
“Get back to the entrance, he’s still in here!”
The guards stopped. Confused, they turned and headed back to the gate. Jack eyeballed the now moving cars. With no guards to stop them, they were getting out as fast as they could. Jack ran to the edge of the ramp and peered over the side. He caught sight of a man running down the sidewalk dressed in scrubs, a big man, with an easy runner’s gait. He was holding his stomach, like he had a cramp. Jack was about to turn away when something else caught his eye. He squinted in time to see the footwear. Work boots. The man turned and glanced over his shoulder just before disappearing into the darkness.
“Jack? Are you sure you’re okay?” Sydney asked. She approached and saw the look on his face. She looked in the direction he was looking, but saw only police cars and dark streets. She turned back to ask.
“What did you see?”
“I’m not sure, a ghost maybe.”
*    *    *
Sam forced himself to slow down and take another turn. He had made it to the car and past the arriving cops and was now speeding through side streets away from the hospital. He had been calculating his chances of just bluffing his way out, or running for it when the shot rang out behind him. He had instinctively hit the concrete till his brain processed the noise and determined it wasn’t aimed at him. He’d watched as the guards left the cars at the exit and sprinted into the garage. It was the opening he needed. He got up and walked toward the exit. Once clear he broke into a run. He had to make it to the car before the police arrived. Now he was clear of the area.
Finding a dark parking lot behind a closed business, he changed into jeans and a casual shirt. The scrubs went into the dumpster, and he was soon on his way again. First, he needed new wheels. He punched the radio presets, looking for a news channel and ignored the burning in his gut.
*    *    *
“I don’t understand, sir. I don’t have it.”
“Well, I have it, Jack. Have for a few days, and I assumed you had it. They sent me proof of the fax. It was sent out to everyone on the list. You’re telling me you never got it? I just got a call this afternoon. I don’t know who this reporter buddy of yours is, but his story pissed off quite a few people.”
Jack tried to sound confused. “What story?”
“The Orlando paper, the one getting copies of the letters from the shooter. This reporter ran a story saying that the FBI had yet to receive the requested list of sniper trained personnel from the DOD. I just got my ass reamed by the chairman, and he sent me the proof that it was faxed to you days ago. Why are you giving this guy information, and where the hell is your copy of the list? I want some answers, Jack!”
Jack looked out the windows of the hangar to the jet waiting for him. He had to think fast. Satisfy his boss and still protect Danny. “As far as I know, sir, none of my people have a copy of the list. Can you tell me exactly when and where it was faxed?”
“Hold on,” Deacon replied. Jack heard some papers shuffling. “Looks like about 2 a.m. on Tuesday, sent to the number on the plane. It was encrypted and verified received. It’s fourteen pages, Jack, not like somebody missed it lying on the machine.”
“Okay. I can’t talk for much longer. I need some things when we land.” He went on to explain.
*    *    *
Jack sat in the Director’s office. He looked at the papers in his hand for the tenth time. Looking up at Deacon and the two agents across the room, he asked a question. “You’re sure you have the right bags?”
“Name tags on the bag and the contents all match,” was the gruff reply.
Jack leaned forward and rubbed his eyes with both hands. The past 24 hrs had been difficult enough, and now this. He couldn’t believe it.
“On the way here now?” Jack asked his boss.
“Yeah. I can do this for you if...”
“No...No, I can do it,” Jack interrupted.
They waited in silence till there was a knock on the door.
“Come,” the Director called.
The door opened and Dave entered the room. He looked at the two agents against the wall before coming forward.
“You wanted to see me, sir?”
“Have a seat, Dave. I have some questions for you.”
Dave calmly took a seat next to Jack. He looked a little nervous, and that was all Jack needed to know the truth. From an envelope on his lap, he pulled a stack of papers and tossed it in Dave’s lap.
“Have you ever seen this document before, Dave?” Jack asked.
Dave looked at the papers and then up at Jack. He said nothing.
“They arrived by fax while we were on the plane coming back from California. According to the time stamp, it came in at 2 a.m. I know I was sleeping, and I’m sure the rest of the team was, too. You, however, don’t sleep on planes, ever.” Jack let the statement hang.
When Dave offered no reply, Jack went on. “So I thought, hoped actually, that it just got misplaced. So when we got back today I pulled you all off the plane quickly and had it searched. Nothing, so I had all the documents we have so far inventoried, again nothing. So then I had internal affairs go through everybody’s bags from the plane.”
At that Dave lifted his head to see Jack looking him dead in the eye. He couldn’t meet his gaze.
“Why, Dave, why would you hold on to that list when you knew it could be key to the investigation?”
Dave’s face took on a hard look. When he spoke it was to the room. “My father was killed by a drunk driver when I was seventeen. It was the man’s sixth offense. Sixth! He was rich and he had friends. They kept letting him out over and over.” Dave looked up and met Jack’s face. “I thought if I could slow the investigation down, just a little, this man would have some more time to do some good.”
Jack sat back in his chair with a sigh. He was exhausted and unsure as to what to do now. That question was answered for him. With a nod from the Director, the two agents approached Dave. His badge and gun were placed on the Director’s desk, and he was led away.
*    *    *
“Okay, we have the photos from the hospital cameras. Our man is white, approximately six foot in height, 180 to 200 pounds. So...”
Eric had dumped the Department of Defense list into his laptop and was now using a program he had “modified,” as he described it, to sort the names.
“Midwest accent,” Larry added.
“Concentrate on southwest Michigan,” Jack added.
“Why?” Sydney asked. Jack dismissed the question with a wave.
Eric continued typing and hit the enter key with a flourish. They all waited, and when nothing happened, he got several stares.
“It takes a minute,” he explained.
After a short but tense wait, the computer started printing. Larry fetched the pages as they came out and passed them down.
“You can rule out this guy, he’s black,” Larry said.
“Mine, too. He’s in a wheelchair,” Sydney added.
“My guy’s in Korea,” Eric finished.
They looked at Jack only to see him reading intently. He sank into the nearest chair and ignored them all as he read.
—THIRTY-FOUR—
The state of North Dakota holds 1,239 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 830 are repeat offenders.


15 years ago. Panama, Central America.

The helicopter flared sharply before descending into the thick jungle. All six men in the back leaned out and stared into the black hole that was the landing zone. It was the third time in the last hour they had done such a maneuver, but this time they would go all the way to the ground, and an unseen tree stump or rock could end the mission before it even got started.
The green glow of the tall grass in their night vision goggles showed the rotor wash pushing it flat. One by one, a thumb was extended in the up position until the crew chief reported the site was clear of hazards. Gear was moved closer to the door, and safety straps were released as they neared the ground. The crew chief and gunner swept the tree line for any movement over the sights of their M60 machine guns. As the three-foot mark approached, the first two soldiers dropped from the doorways, pulling rucksacks of gear behind them. The Huey hovered with the sudden loss of weight, and the pilot let it happen, lest there be a landmine under the bird. The two remaining soldiers left the bird as well, joining the first two belly-down on the ground with weapons trained on the jungle. The pilot was already pulling the collective toward his armpit with an accompanying twist of the throttle. The team was blasted by the down-wash of the rotors as the helicopter lifted clear of the clearing and on to the next one. They would perform the same false landing a few more times before heading back to base. Anyone trying to follow their progress on radar would not know where the team had been dropped.
As soon as the man-made storm ceased, the four men rose as one and sprinted for the tree line. Entering the jungle was like stepping into a dark room. Fortunately, the night-vision goggles, with the help of the star filled sky, helped to bring day to night. After penetrating a few meters into the wall of vegetation, they stopped and formed a small circle facing out. They listened intently for one minute, mouths hanging open, before the leader spoke.
“Equipment check,” he whispered.
Each team member quickly felt for every piece of equipment with one hand while the other kept a tight hold on the grip of his weapon. When they were done with themselves, they turned to check on the man next to them.
“All okay,” they hissed back to the team leader, one by one.
“Good.” His teeth glowed brightly in the goggles. “Welcome to Panama.”
The leader checked his watch and compass. He paused as he oriented himself with the map in his head.
“Jack, you lead off. We have eight hours to be in position. Stay twenty meters in front till it thins out a little, then push it out and get some slack.”
“Twenty meters, got it,” he answered.
“Let’s move.”
With that they rose and moved into and through the jungle. Using the walk-dance they had developed, they avoided the vegetation and moved silently. The clearing was once again a dark and silent hole in the jungle.
*    *    *
Eight hours later found them on the military crest of a ridge overlooking a small valley. The journey to their current location had been anything but easy. Stopping only twice for water, they had covered several kilometers of jungle. The constant up and down of the terrain, as well as the heat and other dangers, were exhausting. The compass had refused to work at one point due to iron deposits in the area, and two of their party had slight injuries. One was the result of a misplaced boot that caused a stumble. The injury was not to the foot, but to the hand that had reflexively grabbed for the closest tree only to be filled with quills from a black palm. With some quiet cursing, the quills were yanked out or broken off at the skin surface. In a couple of days they would fester up enough to be dug out by a doctor, but for now, the hand was covered in a smear of camouflage makeup to make up for the loss of the cut off leather glove. The other injury was to the eye of one of the security team. A branch had found its way around the goggles and the eye was red and puffy, an inconvenience only at this time. Now, two of the team lay wet, dirty and tired as they surveyed the valley before them.
“What do you see?” Sam asked.
“An airstrip, small hangar with fuel tanks, couple of Jeeps, small house. I’ve got a headcount of twelve so far,” Jack replied.
“Weapons?”
“A-Ks all around. Few grenades. A 60 on the red Jeep.”
“Any sign of our boy?”
“Negative.” Jack panned the spotting scope left and right. “When’s he supposed to show?”
“Sometime in the next few days was all they could give me.”
“Well that’s just great. Makes you wonder how they call it intelligence.”
“Yeah, well. You volunteered.”
“Don’t remind me.”
Sam smiled at his protégée. Jack was fifteen years younger but showed great promise. A skilled soldier and natural leader. Sam had recognized it early and taken Jack under his wing.
“Soon as they get back from scouting our way out of here, I’ll double check the routes. You keep up your scan and start a log. Make up a schedule, too. Two men on—two men off. Six hour shifts. Find a good position for the Barrett. By the way, your ghillie suit, it really stinks.”
“Thanks. I left it hanging in the jungle for a week like you said. Had to comb the bugs out when I retrieved it,” Jack replied.
“Did I forget to tell you about the flea collar trick? Sorry about that.” Sam nudged him with his shoulder before crawling backward up the ridge.
Jack wiped the sweat from his eyes with the bandanna wrapped around his wrist before returning to the scope.
Flea collar trick? He’d ask later.
*    *    *
Two days later found Jack in the same spot. He noted the position of the men around the airfield. Twice planes had landed and taken off in the last two days. Always unloading or loading a nearby truck. Mostly small bags, not too heavy. That meant cocaine, cash, or maybe both. One flight carried a man of some importance, but the face was not what they were looking for. He stood by while the bags were off-loaded into the truck, calmly smoking a cigarette. Jack had zoomed in on the face and was surprised to see it was white. The clothes were American made, stylish. The scope was connected to a camera, and a few shots were taken for the DEA guys. Otherwise the mission had been uneventful.
A light tap on the foot was all the warning Jack got of Sam’s approach. It startled Jack. Something Sam enjoyed doing.
“How are the boys?” he asked as he lay parallel to Jack.
“Alpha, Echo and Hotel are working in the hangar, otherwise nothing,” Jack replied.
“Bored?”
“Yeah,” Jack admitted. “A little.”
“Your first real mission. I waited nine days once for a shot.”
“How many times have you done this?” Jack asked.
“More than once,” was Sam’s reply.
An hour later they were surprised to see activity during the normal noon siesta. The men, from Alpha through Romeo, spilled out of the house and hangar and began putting things in order. The Jeep was fired up with a cloud of smoke, and a couple of passes were made up and down the runway, stopping to remove debris that the jungle and wind had contributed. Obviously someone was coming.
Sam reached for his throat and pressed down on the microphone strapped around his neck before speaking. “We have some activity. Get ready.”
He was answered by the double click of the microphone on the other end. They kept their transmissions short to avoid detection. He knew the two security men just over the ridge would be in contact with base on the satellite transmitter, placing the extraction helicopter on stand-by.
Jack had moved to the Barrett and taken up a shooting position. Sam moved the spotting scope on its small tripod in front of him and began scanning. Occasionally, the large arrowhead shape of the barrel would block his view as Jack scanned the area.
The Barrett .50 caliber sniper rifle was the Cadillac of its kind. With a range of over 1800 meters, it was the only weapon of choice for this mission. The hard part had been the act of transporting the thing all that distance through the jungle. At 33 pounds it was not exactly light. Fortunately, it broke down into three pieces, four counting the bi-pod. They had all taken turns carrying the heavy barrel, and now the assembled 57-inch rifle stood ready to reach all the way to the opposite side of the airfield below them. The fact that they had only brought five rounds of ammunition in the ten round magazine would make most people wonder. But if the mission took more than one round, they had screwed up somehow. Regardless, the rifle would not be coming out with them. A rapid departure was necessary, and a shaped charge stood by, ready to be affixed to the weapon after it had been used. A timer would destroy the rifle and bi-pod shortly after they departed. Serving both its purpose and discouraging anyone foolish enough to try and follow.
The sound of an approaching plane was soon heard, and Sam moved to the right and rear of Jack’s position. This was to take him out of the muzzle brake area. The double arrowhead shape of the muzzle brake was worse on the spotter than the recoil was on the shooter, and Sam did not wish to be blasted in the face. He turned the scope on the plane as it circled once before coming in to land. The plane was a Cessna 414 twin engine propeller, very common in the area, and a favorite with drug smugglers. The pilot was good, setting the gear down without a bounce on the end of the runway and holding the nose up until the last minute. The plane taxied to the hanger where a man in a white shirt and khaki pants exited the aircraft. His presence was greeted with great respect, and he was led to the canopy out of the sun. Bags followed and were placed on the ground next to the large outdoor table. Another man exited the aircraft, carrying a large black hard-shell suitcase. He set it up on the table and laid out a variety of equipment. He appeared to be measuring the quality of the product in the bag and immediately got to work.
“Well?” Jack asked.
Sam was comparing the face in his scope with the one on the paper in front of him. The hair was different. Look at the eyes, he remembered. He returned to the scope to see the man cooperating by removing his sunglasses.
“That’s our boy. The chemical guy is on the list, too, but the man in the white shirt is target one. Whenever you’re ready, Jack.” Sam paused to press the mic against his throat again. “Target in sight, be ready.” He got the familiar click-click in response.
Jack took several deep breaths and forced himself to relax. He adjusted his elbows so his bones were in contact with the ground. The scope was already dialed in to accommodate range and elevation. The area around the position had been adjusted to account for the muzzle brake. A quick swipe of the wrist band removed the sweat from his forehead and eyes. His target was now holding agreeably still as he leaned on the table with both arms and discussed something with the other white man.
“One half breath and squeeze,” Sam prompted.
Jack took up the slack on the trigger as he settled his sight picture on the man’s chest. The man’s open shirt flapped slightly in the small breeze, and Jack forced himself to ignore the movement. He took the half breath, as he had been taught by the man beside him, and increased the pressure on the trigger.
The rifle roared as the trigger broke, sending the round across the valley. One thing that had awed Jack when he had first fired the Barrett was that you could actually see the round as it traveled downrange. He regained his sight picture in time to see the round tear into the man’s chest, spinning him around. The sheer kinetic energy of the round tore the right arm off with a shower of blood. The power of the Barrett left no doubt to the fatality of the shot.
Jack’s attention was snapped from the scope by the sound of gunfire. The men around the plane were shooting blindly at the ridge in their general direction. Fortunately, none of them were close, and the range was too great. Jack moved to withdraw, but a hand on his leg stopped him.
“Wait till they’re done,” Sam said.
Jack watched as the men fired magazine after magazine into the jungle. Most of the fire was directed below them where the jungle ended at the edge of the airfield. The men only knew their own weapons. Not the range of the Barrett. To conceive that the shot had come from the top of the far ridge was not in their experience.
“I can get the other guy,” Jack whispered.
“No,” Sam replied in his normal voice. “They’ll see the muzzle flash, next time. You extract, I’ll set the charge.”
“Okay.” Jack frowned but began moving backward in slow motion up the ridge. When he had topped it and was able to turn around he saw the two security men with rucksacks on, ready to go. He quickly doffed his ghillie suit and rolled the mess of burlap up into a cylinder before strapping it on his own ruck. He was soaked in sweat. Not all from the jungle heat, he admitted to himself. Accepting the offered CAR-15, he took up a position facing the ridge top. He was soon rewarded with the sight of Sam’s boots edging over the top. He grabbed a boot and pulled him the last couple of feet. Sam silently did the same dance as Jack had done, doffing the ghillie suit and accepting the CAR-15. He pulled back the slide to ensure a round was in the chamber before asking his first question.
“Extraction?”
“In-bound. LZ-six. About seven hours, give or take. Just after dark,” the man replied.
“Good. That’s got us out on route two. Lead on.”
“Did you get him?” the other man asked.
Sam just pointed to Jack.
“Yeah, we got him.” Jack couldn’t help but return the grin. He felt goofy, but when he looked, they were all sporting the same silly grin.
“Let’s go,” Sam ordered. “We only have fifteen minutes before the charge blows. You lead, you’re behind him and Jack’s behind you. I’m trail.”
They all stood and waited for the lead man to get some distance.
“Oh, one more thing,” Sam added. “Jack?”
“Yeah?”
“Nice shot.”
Jack nodded a thank you before turning to follow the point man. The jungle soon swallowed them.
*    *    *
Seven hours later Jack sat on the aluminum floor of the Huey helicopter as it flew at treetop level over the jungle. They were soon out over the ocean and heading for the canal. The security team looked asleep despite the noise. Jack was too tired to sleep. He looked up to find Sam watching him. He’d had several hours while they moved through the jungle to think about what he had just done. A lawyer in the States would have said he was guilty of murder. The only thing that separated what he had done from murder was a signature on a piece of paper. The President had decided that the man was a threat to the security of the United States, and had authorized the mission. Jack wondered if he was any different from a Mafia hit man. He reminded himself of the thick file he had seen on the man, the many crimes: murder, drug trafficking, slavery. They had let the snipers see it all. There was no doubt the world was a better place as a result of Jack’s actions today. Over the last couple of hours, he had made peace with what he had done. It was only then that he had noticed he had not taken a turn at point. Sam had placed him in the slack position on purpose, knowing his mind would be occupied. He looked at his friend now and got a grin.
“You okay with all this?” Sam asked.
Jack nodded and grinned back.
“Think you can do it again? I have room on my team for one more, and I’m getting ready to retire.”
Jack looked at the other two men. They were now awake and watching the conversation. He got a nod of approval from one and then the other. It was a small group. He had been accepted.
“Yeah, I’ll stay.”
“Good.” Sam smiled. “Look at it this way, Jack. He went out like we all want to go.”
“How’s that?”
“Standing up!” they all answered.
*    *    *
“Jack?...Jack? You still with us?”
“Huh?” He turned his head to find Sydney and Eric giving him a puzzled look. Evidently he had zoned out for a moment.
“Kinda left us there for a moment, boss. You okay?”
“I’m all right.”
“Do you know this guy?” Sydney asked.
He turned his head back to look out the window with a sigh.
“Yeah...Yeah, I do.”
—THIRTY-FIVE—
The state of Ohio holds 44,778 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 30,001 are repeat offenders.


Jack rubbed his eyes. He’d been staring at the same page for over fifteen minutes now, and still not read a word. The lack of sleep was catching up to him. He was currently on the jet with his crew en route to Kalamazoo, Michigan. The local FBI had been notified, and surveillance had been set up on Sam’s house. So far no activity had been reported, other than someone picking up the mail. It was determined that the man was Sam’s brother-in-law. Surveillance was then set up to watch him. Last report thirty minutes ago revealed nothing new. Jack turned and rested his head on the window. The Midwest snow-covered countryside streamed past thirty thousand feet below. He watched as the checkerboard pattern of farmers’ fields appeared and disappeared. Jack had no idea what he was going to do when he got there. Should he storm the place with a SWAT team? Maybe just walk up and ring the bell? Do I hug him, or just arrest him? He was suddenly pissed at Sam for putting him in this position.
He looked up to see Sydney looking over Eric’s shoulder at the computer screen. Eric was working out well. He was over the initial shock, and worked along with everybody without any problems. Sydney was right, the kid had talent. He shifted his gaze to Larry. He was a mirror image of himself. He looked ready to drop. Jack knew when to stop fighting it. Twenty minutes, he told himself. He repeated it three times as he stretched out in the seat. He took one deep breath and was asleep.
*    *    *
Paul was tired also. He had been up late into the night monitoring the news networks and websites, waiting for news about Sam. Finally, he had fallen asleep in his chair, and now his neck was stiff as he worked under the truck. He had the old stereo he kept in the garage tuned to the news station, with the volume turned up high to be heard over the sound of the portable heater. He replaced the plug in the oil pan, before carefully pulling the full receptacle out from under the truck with him as he went. Despite being careful, he still sloshed a couple of large drops out onto the concrete. He ignored it while he carried the basin to a large, twenty-gallon drum he kept in the corner for used oil. After dumping it in to drain, he left the basin balanced on its side to allow the last drops to find their own way in. He pulled a few quarts of fresh oil down from the shelf and was halfway through the second quart when he was interrupted.
He never heard them coming.
*    *    *
Jack had been surprised when they had pulled up behind the two UPS trucks. After stomping his way through the snow he made it to the sidewalk.
“Which one?” he asked.
“Front one. Second one is the real deal,” came the answer.
Jack walked past the confused driver of the second truck, and proceeded to the first. He tapped on the back and it was soon opened. He was met by a few officers in SWAT uniforms, and a few technicians in front of computer screens.
“Mr. Randall? James Lear. SWAT team commander.” He stuck out a gloved hand.
“Good to have you here. What do we have?”
“We have cameras on both houses. Looks like one person in the garage at house one, nobody in house two.”
“How do you confirm that?”
“They’re thermal imaging cameras. Unless they’re in the basement, we can see them. Right now just the guy in the garage is showing. He’s been in the basement once so they could both be in there. What’s he doing, Johnson?”
“Changing his oil, looks like.”
“We have covered approaches from two directions, here...and here.” He pointed to an overhead photo on the wall. “I have enough men for a two prong assault. Two dog teams, a helicopter, and EMS are all standing by. All we need is the word from you.”
The group of men and one woman in the truck were now looking at Jack. He thought it through from all angles one more time. He didn’t know if it was Sam or Paul in the garage. Would grabbing Paul now do any good? Was Sam even returning here at the moment, or was he on his way to the next target? Could he afford to wait? Could he afford not to?
“Chief, you have an extra vest? I’m an XL.”
The Chief frowned, but what could he say. It wasn’t his show. He looked around the truck. “Jacobs, go to my car and get my vest out of the trunk. Bring the black bag with the toys in it, too. It’s the heavy one.” He returned his gaze to Jack. “You sure you want to do this?”
“Positive. Show me your plan.”
*    *    *
A half hour later Jack found himself jogging through the snow in a borrowed vest and pair of boots that were a little on the small side. His breath came in rasps as the cold air burned his lungs. He fell into his place behind the rest of the team up against a neighboring house. It had been emptied earlier with a phone call. He watched as the leader carefully peered around the corner, keeping his head at knee high level. From this point, it was a twenty-yard sprint to the front door. The second man in line, or the stack as they called it, carried a breach. Nothing more than a large, heavy piece of pipe with some handles welded to it. It was used for smashing in doors. At first, Jack had been confused by the overly large handles, but now that he saw them held in the gloved hands of the breach man he understood. Without the gloves his hands might stick to the cold metal. Jack had barely caught his breath when the lead man indicated five seconds. Jack heard a double click of the microphone in his ear. He counted the seconds down in his head. On four, he rose with the others, and a second later was sprinting through the snow again. As his feet hit the shoveled walk, he flicked off his safety, but kept his finger on the trigger guard. They paused until they heard the word “Go” from the team at the back of the house. The breach man put his weight behind the swing and the door burst open with a shower of splintered wood.
*    *    *
Paul had just thrown the second can in the trash, and was on his way to the shelf for another, when he saw the shadow fall across the window of the back door to his garage. Before he could react, the door burst open with a shower of splinters. He immediately spun and ran for the door to the house. Reaching in his pocket, he felt for the remote. Before his hand could determine which one he needed an explosion of light and sound rendered him both deaf and blind. The pavement suddenly rose up to meet his face as he was tackled to the ground and his arms were yanked violently behind him. He struggled to reach the remote in his pocket as more hands grabbed hold of him and pinned him to the cold concrete. He fought them until he was brought up short by a voice cutting through the ringing in his ears.
“Paul! It’s Jack! Stop it. Stop fighting.”
Paul’s vision returned and he looked up from his position pinned to the floor. He saw the face of Jack Randall staring back at him. Cuffs were snapped around his wrist and he was dragged to his feet. As the team members lifted him and walked him into the house, his eyes never left Jack’s.
“You’re too late,” was all he said. The police quickly searched him and emptied his pockets out onto the counter. Then he was gone. Jack was left looking at a picture of Sam with his wife and daughter on the wall as the police continued to clear the house.
Jack stood in the kitchen and his gaze traveled around the room until he saw the keys on the counter. There was an extra key fob on the ring. Why was Paul trying to get to it so badly? He looked across the kitchen and out into the garage, only one vehicle. His eyes widened as he realized what it was.
“Everybody out of the house! Now! Clear this house! Go! Go!”
*    *    *
An hour later Jack stood outside the police UPS truck. He watched as the officers and their dogs left the house. The lead man approached the group.
“It’s all clear now, sir. We found a total of five devices, incendiary and explosive, all rigged to destroy the files and computers. It’s safe to go in.”
“Thanks, Tim. I need the barn swept next.” The sergeant turned to Jack. “It’s all yours.”
Jack turned and waved to Sydney and the others waiting in the car, before moving to the front door and entering. Nothing had been discovered on the first floor, so Jack found the stairs and descended to the basement. The carpet was damp and dirty from the police traffic, and things were in disarray from the bomb squad searching the rooms.
“In here, sir.”
Jack followed the voice to the end of the short hallway and entered what looked like a home office. Inside he found a young technician from the bomb squad standing over the desk. He was holding something in his hand under the desk lamp.
“What do you have there?” Jack asked.
“It’s the triggering device, looks like he salvaged the parts at a junkyard. He wired the receiver from a car alarm. I think it’s a GM, but I can’t be sure till I run the number. Anyway, he had it rigged to sealed trays of homemade napalm in the bottom of all the file cabinets. Push and hold for a few seconds and all this is up in flames. It was also linked to the computers. Napalm again in the desktop. More than enough. Some actual Comp-4 in the laptops. I guess he needed more bang for his buck in the small space. All very amateur, but still very well done, and it certainly would have done what it was designed to do. He had no intention of anyone ever seeing this. There was a simple trip switch on the doorframe to the basement, but it wasn’t engaged. I figure that was for when he left the house.”
“Homemade napalm?” Eric asked.
“Yeah, it’s simple. You just mix equal parts gasoline and dish soap and stir till you get a thick, sticky mess. Put it in a glass jar with a lit fuse, and it’ll stick and burn to whatever you throw it at. There are all kinds of cool stuff you can make at home. I once...”
“I’m sure there is.” Jack cut him off with a look at Eric. “Can we have the room please?”
“Oh...yeah. Sorry about that.” The man dropped the device in an evidence bag and quickly left.
Jack looked around the room, taking it all in. “All right, people, pick a cabinet and start boxing it all up. Pull all the photos off the wall after you get a few pictures yourself. Eric, the computers are yours. Be careful, I’m sure if Paul went to all this trouble, he has a few surprises on them as well. Follow Sydney’s lead, this is her area.”
Sydney jumped in. “Everybody change their gloves regularly, and don’t forget to bag those, too. I’ll be handling the camera, so before you touch or move anything make sure I picture it first. Otherwise just do what I said on the plane. Okay?” Sydney got nods all around. She noticed Larry wearing gloves and booties, yet he still had his tie on. He looked out of place.
“Larry, ditch the tie before you start.”
He looked down as if just remembering it was there.
“Okay.”
Jack stepped back to let them work. Part of him wanted to go to the police station and start questioning Paul, but he knew it was better to let him get processed in and then left to stew for awhile. He looked around the room again as the flash from Sydney’s camera began firing and whining as it recharged. He walked over to the fish bowl. A single goldfish swam in circles. Next to the bowl were a collection of prescription bottles. He looked in Sydney’s direction, but she was busy getting everyone started so he just leaned down and read the labels. They were all for Sam.
“Hey Syd, what are these medications for?”
She walked over and took a shot before picking them up and reading the labels.
“This is a red cell booster. This is for nausea. This one is a serious pain med.”
“So what’s that mean?” Jack asked.
“I’d say your friend has cancer.”
*    *    *
“I can’t discuss his condition with you. I’m sorry.”
“Dr. Maher. I understand your unwillingness to do this, but I need to know his condition if I have any hope of helping him. His brother is in custody and won’t talk. My guess is Sam hasn’t made it in here lately. He and I served together in the army. He’s a friend. He’s been sending me letters through this whole thing. Now why would he do that if he didn’t want my help? If I can get to him fast, he can return to his treatments. But to do that he needs to stop what he’s doing. I need to know what his mindset is. What drove him to do this?”
“I’d say that was pretty obvious,” Dr. Maher said.
Jack was confused and let it show. “I don’t follow you.”
Dr. Maher looked past Jack at the other agents. He nodded to Jack. “Just you, in my office, I need them to wait outside. I have other patients to think about.”
Jack turned to the others. “Do it.” He then turned and followed the doctor down the hall. After a couple of turns, they arrived at a small and cluttered room. Jack had expected a large, ornate office based on the rest of the building, but Dr. Maher was obviously not a man driven by ego. Other than a couple of diplomas on the walls, the place had zero decorating. The one wall was nothing but bookshelves, straining under the weight of multiple textbooks and journal copies. The doc quickly cleared a chair of paperwork for Jack, before settling into his own. He held up a finger before pressing the intercom button and speaking.
“Tyler, can I get Mr. Sheppard’s file in here please?”
“One minute.”
Dr. Maher settled back in his chair and gave Jack a quizzical look. “You really have no idea do you?”
“We just traced all this to Sam this morning. I was caught up with the raid on his house since then. I’m afraid he and I lost touch since we both left the service. Last I heard, he was married with a young daughter, doing well with his business. I have his file, but haven’t read the whole thing, it’s rather thick. I do know his family was killed in an auto accident recently, but I can’t see Sam doing this over that. He’s too disciplined.”
Dr. Maher just nodded and waited. Soon there was a knock on the door and a tall blond girl came in with the file. It was rather thick, also. “Thank you, Tyler.” Dr. Maher opened the file and flipped several pages, obviously buying some time to form his words. Jack gave him all he needed.
“Sam was referred to me by Dr. Pone, one of our county coroners. It wasn’t just an automobile accident. It was a high speed chase. Sam’s wife and daughter were coming home from the grocery store when they were broadsided by an SUV being driven by a man being chased by the cops. They were both killed instantly. The driver of the SUV fled the scene on foot, and was shot and killed about an hour later.”
“Why the referral from the coroner,” Jack asked.
“I’m getting to that. The driver of the SUV was a man with a long criminal record. He had been in and out of jail numerous times. He had links to drugs and automobile chop shops. The SUV was stolen, by the way. He had also been involved in a police chase before. For all these offenses, he’d served less than a year total in jail.” Dr. Maher removed a newspaper article from the file and passed it to Jack. He skimmed it. It showed a mug shot photo of the driver, another of Sam and his family. It was the Christmas card photo that Jack himself had.
Dr. Maher went on. “The man had an accomplice. He bailed out and ran, too, but was not dumb enough to shoot at the police. They charged him with two counts of murder and a few other things. Strange thing happened. He got shanked while in the lockup. Nobody saw a thing.”
“I still don’t see where the coroner comes in?” Jack ventured.
“Since it was a murder charge the bodies had to be autopsied. When Dr. Pone performed his on Katie, he found Familial Polyposis. Are you familiar with it?”
“No.”
“It’s a hereditary condition that results in the intestines being covered in polyps at birth. It leads to cancer in nearly all untreated people by the age of forty. As a result, Sam had to be tested.” He pulled a photo from the file and slid it over to Jack. It was a PET scan. It took Jack a minute to get it oriented. “See the red areas? That’s cancer in three places. We gave him a 30% chance at that point. Sam’s one of the strongest patients I’ve ever had. We were all amazed he didn’t break when we told him. It was touch and go for awhile. He consented to surgery. I thought we got most of it, and of course there was follow-up chemotherapy and radiation. Sam went through the motions at first, but then one day it was like flipping a switch. He said he wanted to fight. He also wanted to see some things. He had money, so he traveled between treatments. He’d come back with stories about a beach here and a mountain range there. I imagine that’s about the time your shootings began to happen. He hasn’t been back in awhile. He’s overdue for his next treatment, and his last blood work wasn’t great. He needs to come in if he’s going to beat this.”
Jack swallowed this information and it was a ball of fire in his gut. Sam was once a close friend. They had shared a great deal. But when this happened, Jack had been too busy chasing mobsters to know that his friend needed help. Yet Sam had chosen him to be the recipient of the letters. Jack knew now it was to prevent copycats. Something a reporter couldn’t do. Maybe there was another reason.
“What are his chances now?”
“I don’t quote odds to patients, but to you, 50-50 if he comes in. Maybe less now if it’s taken hold again and we don’t know it. It will progress fast if it comes back.”
“If I can catch up to him, I think he’ll listen to me. Do you have any idea where he might be?”
“Not a clue.”
“All right, thanks, doc. I appreciate it.”
“Then do me a favor?” the doctor said. He had a command voice of his own.
“What’s that?”
Jack watched as Dr. Maher stood up and walked around the desk. He stopped in front of Jack and rolled up his right sleeve. Jack saw an army medical branch tattoo on the doctor’s forearm.
“If you catch him, take him to the hospital first and call me. The jail can wait.”
Jack looked him in the eye.
“Done.”
—THIRTY-SIX—
The state of Oklahoma holds 22,821 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 15,290 are repeat offenders.


After slipping out of Memphis, Sam had made it as far as Columbus, Indiana, before the need for sleep had finally won. Choosing a small motel outside of town, he paid cash for the room. On entering it, he wasn’t surprised; he had gotten what he paid for. It did however fit his current look. Sam was in need of a shave and a shower, but all he’d seen was the bed.
His need for sleep had overridden his internal alarm clock, and he somehow slept till 10 a.m. The activity of the maids outside his door had awakened him, and after determining there was no threat, he rose and stretched before walking to the shower. After a wait for the hot water, he treated himself to a long soak before exiting and shaving. Reassembling his shaving kit, he tossed it on the bed next to the suitcase before finding the remote for the TV. A quick search through the channels rewarded him with CNN. He thumbed the volume up while he returned to the sink to brush his teeth.
Unfortunately, his stomach was not cooperating, and the taste of toothpaste set off his gag reflex. As he retched and spit and fought the urge to vomit, his gut sent a sudden wave of pain that brought him to the floor. He curled into the fetal position and gritted his teeth as he waited for it to pass. After a few agonizing minutes, it finally did, and Sam, covered in sweat, lay panting on the floor.
Hearing his name on television brought his mind back to the room. He turned and crawled until he could see the reporter on the screen outside his brother-in-law’s house. Several police were in the background going in and out, most carrying a box of something. He watched and listened in horror as the reporter described the raid and capture of Paul. The story cut away to some footage of Jack walking through a bevy of reporters as he entered the local police headquarters. He waved them away and made no statements. The reporter reappeared on the screen and summarized everything she had just said, before sending it back to the newsroom for the next story. Sam grabbed the remote and changed the channels till he found FOX. After a small wait, he was treated to the same story. Paul was in custody. The FBI believed him to be an accessory to the sniper killings over the last few weeks. A warrant had been issued for Sam, and his picture appeared on the screen. It was a cutout of last year’s Christmas card, and the whole thing was shown next. The sight of his wife and daughter on the television brought back a wave of memories and Sam watched in dread as the story of their death was once again news, this time on a national level.
As the story turned to sports, Sam snapped out of the fog he was in. His identity was now public, and he was stuck with whatever he had with him to get by. He did some quick thinking before getting to his feet. The young man who had checked him in last night had been more interested in his movie than what Sam had looked like. Sam was sure he was home in bed by now. He had some time. Rummaging around in the bag, he located the box. The instructions were on the paper inside, and he read them before looking at the clock. He had just enough time before check-out if he hurried.
*    *    *
Danny sat impatiently in the terminal bar watching CNN on the overhead screen. He was forced to read the captions at the bottom due to the volume of noise. Once the story was over, he flipped open his laptop and clicked his way online. He was reading the third version of the story when his phone rang. He looked at the screen before answering it.
“Hey, Ed.”
“Where you at?” the editor demanded.
“I’m in the terminal in Memphis waiting for my flight home.”
“Screw that. I need you in Kalamazoo yesterday. Have you seen the story?”
“Just caught it on the TV. I’ll change my ticket to Kalamazoo if you want, but I think it would be better to head for DC. Don’t you?”
“Think they’ll move him that fast?”
“It’s his brother-in-law they need to catch, and it looks like he’s still out there. The whole thing will move to DC. You see them loading up all those boxes? They’ll all be in the Hoover Building by end of the day, with a hundred people going over them. Jack will be, too.”
There was silence as Ed thought it over. Danny sipped his bloody Mary while he waited.
“All right, I’ll send Karen to Kalamazoo just in case. You get to DC and get ahead of this thing. You still have your source?” Ed asked.
“You know better than that Ed. We get any letters?”
“You got one today, same as the others. The feds have it.”
“Then I’d say both my sources are still with me.”
“Okay, okay, I had to ask. Get moving.”
“On my way.”
Danny finished his drink before getting back on the internet and looking up flights. He booked himself on the next one to Dulles. He had another hour to wait, so he flagged down the bartender. It was still kind of early, but screw it.
“Another one.” He pointed at his empty glass.
*    *    *
“Nothing?” Jack asked.
“And I do mean nothing. Other than to ask for a drink and to go to the bathroom, the man hasn’t said a word. We worked on him for a few hours. He just nodded when we told him what the charges were, a very cool customer.” There was a sense of admiration in the agent’s voice. “It’ll take some time, but eventually he’ll talk.”
“Don’t bet on it. His brother-in-law was a SERE school instructor. Survival-Evasion-Resistance and Escape. I’m sure he gave him some lessons. We can’t make life tough as if he was a POW, and he knows it. It’s gonna be awhile before he talks, even to his lawyer.”
“Funny thing, he hasn’t asked for one. Some rookie from the local office will walk him through the arraignment, but that doesn’t take a lot of conversation, you know?”
Jack watched Paul through the glass. He was sitting calmly as if he was waiting for something and had all day to do it. He knew exactly what he was doing. Jack had no doubts about that.
“Yeah, I know,” Jack said before turning and leaving.
*    *    *
Sam parted his hair for the third time and finally decided to keep it on the left. He was happy with his results. The woman in Canada had suggested a certain shade, and Sam had bought it as soon as he had returned home. The stench was hard on his stomach, but he had managed to get the job done.
“You look good as a blond,” he told himself in the mirror. He moved his head from side to side. It looked natural, not fake as he had feared. He cleaned up the mess, and bagged it all up to take with him. If the police discovered that he had stayed here, he didn’t want them to know what his hair color was now. He was going to have to take the towels, too, but he was sure the little motel was used to that. He wiped every surface of the bathroom, and then applied a fresh coat of Super Glue to his fingers while he waited for his hair to dry. Once that was accomplished, he checked to make sure the Yellow Pages ad was in his pocket before leaving the room.
A few miles of travel brought him to another used car lot, this one also chosen for its selection of used vans. He casually exited the car and walked the row of vans, waiting to be noticed. The lot was empty except for him. Slow day.
An older man exited the trailer and walked toward him with a limp. Once in range, he shouted a greeting.
“Hello,” Sam answered with a smile.
“Need a van, do you?”
“Yup. Just something simple.”
“Well they’re all pretty much the same, former fleet of plumbing trucks. Miles are within a couple hundred or so of each other and nothing in the back. You want gas or diesel?”
“Gas if I can have it,” Sam answered.
“Those two on the end.” He pointed. Sam saw the man’s nose twitch.
They strolled the length of the row and the man rattled off some more information on the vans. Sam adjusted his pace to his. The two vans were gray in color with some lighter areas where the company name had been, plain and simple work vans. Sam peered in the windows as the man sized him up. Sam caught him looking in the mirror and suspected the price was being calculated by Sam’s apparel. The man’s nose twitched again.
“They all run fine, but I’d take the one on the end. Less miles, and it has a better radio. Used by the owner, I think.”
Sam turned his attention to the last van for a moment before turning back to face the elderly salesman.
“What are you asking?” he inquired.
The man gave Sam a thorough going over before voicing his reply. “For you, I think I can just make it a donation.”
“Excuse me?”
“Relax, young man. I’m no danger to you.”
Sam’s heart froze. The man had recognized him! The first person he had seen! Yet he was smiling.
“My wife used to dye her hair all the time. The smell always drove me down to the bar,” he explained.
Sam finally smiled back. “You’re sure? I don’t want to make any trouble for you.”
The old man just shook his head and smiled. “Been a fan since day one.” He patted his bad leg. “Used to own a store once. Some kid tried robbing me. I stuck one through his arm with my Smith and Wesson, but he winged me in the leg here. They let him out, and I’m still limping.” He turned and started walking back to the trailer. Sam once again kept pace. “Lemme just get the keys. You can pull that rental you’re driving around back and park it. Nobody looks back there. I’ll report the van stolen in a week or so. That give you enough time?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Might want to stay off the main roads, but I’m sure you know that. You need some spending money?” he asked as he entered the trailer
“No, sir, I’ve got plenty. I insist on paying for the van, too.”
“Don’t matter to me, son, isn’t mine anyway!” The man answered with a short laugh. He watched as Sam peeled several bills off the roll in his pocket and thrust them out.
“Really, son, just take it.” The old man shook his head.
“You’re gonna get a visit from the cops eventually, for your time and trouble,” Sam answered. “I won’t need it much longer anyway.”
The old man refused to touch it, so Sam dropped the money on the counter and picked up the keys.
“I can’t thank you enough.”
“Just keep doing what you’re doing.”
“Yes, sir.”
Sam moved the rental car before climbing in the van. It started on the first crank. Oil pressure was fine and it had 3/4 of a tank on the gas gauge. Sam dropped it in gear and pulled out of the lot. He got a friendly wave from the man in the window.
“A friendly civilian, how about that shit?” he asked himself.
*    *    *
Two hours later, Sam was approaching Indianapolis. He had made a stop at a sporting goods store, and the van now held an air mattress and sleeping bag, along with a few comfort items. Another stop at a grocery store provided enough food and drinks to last him a few days. Sam had decided that the hair was only going to do so much, so he added a pair of glasses. He would stay out of the public eye as much as possible. It was a long way to the next storage unit. He had thrown away all the items from the motel, but had kept the phone. Why, he wasn’t sure, but he caught himself eyeballing it on the seat next to him every once in a while.
As he rounded I-465 around the city, he listened to the news stations he had preset into the radio. So far the story hadn’t changed. He took the exit ramp onto interstate 70 and headed east, away from Kalamazoo.
—THIRTY-SEVEN—
The state of Oregon holds 12,715 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 8,519 are repeat offenders.


Anthony Tasone eyeballed the wheelchair waiting for him in the corner. Ignoring it was no longer an option, but he returned to the task at hand and put his back to the chair anyway. He automatically checked the windows to make sure they were shut with the curtains pulled. His skin had lost its olive tint and become paler as a result of his spending less time in the sun.
He assembled the sandwich with great care, adding the ingredients in carefully measured amounts. The meats stacked just so, the cheese sliced to his personal preference. This may be his last made-to-order meal, and he wanted it to be perfect. There was no telling how long it would be till his next one. On the chance he came through this unscathed once again, he knew just which of his restaurants he would be at tonight. Another good meal would be had, followed by a long vacation, somewhere outside the United States.
He ignored the crew as they watched him finish construction of the sandwich, and sit down at the table. A cold glass of milk was placed in front of him and he grunted in acknowledgment. As the men watched him eat, he knew they were all thinking of their own futures. Their future rested on his. Some of these men would be friends this morning and enemies this afternoon if things did not go well. He was beyond caring. His family was safely out of the country. He had no sons in the business. He was finished either way. The sandwich was slowly consumed in an attempt to enjoy every bite.
A knock on the door brought several of them to their feet. After a shout through the door, it was opened and the lawyer came in. As usual, he was decked out in a wool suit and a long wool coat. A $100 silk tie was drawn tight to his throat. The shoes were mirrors. Despite the expensive clothes and custom tailoring, they still did not fit the man. He looked exactly like what he was—a mob lawyer.
“Are you ready Tony?” he inquired.
Mob boss Anthony Tasone finished the final bite of his sandwich before replying. “Yeah, I’m ready.”
He pushed the plate aside and rose to his feet. One of the crew held the sweater, while another mussed his hair. Once the costume was all in place, Tony walked to the chair and sat. The blanket was placed over his legs and he was ready. The lawyer gave him a long look before nodding to the crewman behind him. Tony stewed in the chair until they were almost at the front door. He could hear the crowd before they opened it. He let his head fall forward and took on the blank stare he had perfected over the last year. It was show time.
The door opened and the flash of the cameras greeted him once again. Anthony Tasone was off to court, possibly for the last time.
*    *    *
Sam lay on the air mattress in the back of the van. It had been a cold night, but the sleeping bag and blanket he had purchased had proven sufficient. He now lay listening to the radio and waiting for the sunlight streaming in through the windshield to warm the interior before getting up.
Finding a news station took a few minutes, but he soon had the financial news, followed by the headlines. The third story was of the expected verdict in the trial of mob boss Anthony Tasone. Sam listened intently to the story, but it was mostly speculation. The verdict was scheduled to happen sometime in the afternoon, just as the majority of the trial had taken place. This had been the topic of much speculation, and the common assumption was that it was due to the location of the sequestered jury. The commute was evidently rather long. It was the third such trial for Anthony Tasone, on a variety of charges. The first two had been declared mistrials, due to alleged jury tampering. The judge in this case had not fooled around. The jury had been sequestered from day one. The prosecution had done an excellent job of presenting the case. The late night TV experts all agreed that Tasone was looking at multiple guilty verdicts. Yet there were doubts. The accused had been in a wheelchair since the trial began and was presented to the public as suffering from the aftermath of a stroke. Coincidently, the stroke happened soon after the charges being filed. With the jury out of reach, the defense had resorted to this tactic to present their client as no threat to society. Whether the charade had worked on any member of the jury would be seen today. Since Tasone had beaten the system twice already, Sam had little faith in this outcome. He consulted the map Paul had provided and located the courthouse. He wasn’t far. The radio announced the start of the defendant’s trip.
Sam kicked his way free of the sleeping bag. He soon had the van in gear and was on his way into the city.
*    *    *
Tony sat in his chair and watched the proceedings through his blank stare as he had hundreds of times over the past year. The lawyers huddled at the bench to argue some mundane point. The jury sat in their chairs waiting, all of them first timers. Tony knew; his lawyer had extensive files on all of them, and he had tried to find a way to get to each one. A trial was nothing but a nuisance to him. A few threats or a few bribes, sometimes a combination of the two, and Tony had his verdict long before the lawyers figured it out. It was the beauty of the American justice system. If you had money you could manipulate it to fit your needs. He should know, he had been doing it for years. He had even begun to wonder why he had the lawyer in the first place. $500 an hour. For what? He had arranged the last mistrial for a fraction of what he had spent on the lawyer. Well, he did take care of the paperwork. That was something.
Yet Tony was nervous about this one. The lack of any progress finding a way to the jury had bothered him. The stroke charade was wearing thin. One of the jury members was a nurse, and he had caught her watching him closely. Could she tell he was a fake?
His lawyer walked back and sat down. Making a show of shaking the papers in his hand, it signaled Tony to listen.
“Jury’s reached a verdict. Judge is ready to hear it,” he spoke to the papers.
The judge’s deep baritone silenced the courtroom. “Has the jury reached a verdict?”
The foreman rose with an envelope in his hand. “Yes, your honor.”
“Hand it to the bailiff please.” The judge briefly looked at the paper, and without expression, handed it back.
“The defendant will rise and face the jury,” the judge spoke out of habit. Tony’s lawyer rose, and turned Tony in his chair toward the jury.
“In the case of Anthony Tasone versus the State of New York, on count one, how do you find?” the judge asked.
“We, the jury, find the defendant, guilty.”
Sam couldn’t believe what he was hearing. He froze at the stoplight and turned up the radio. The remaining counts were all read, with the verdict of guilty on every one. He gripped the steering wheel tightly as he listened.
A honk from the truck behind him broke him out of his stupor, and he looked up to see the light had turned green. He stepped on the gas and was soon through. He couldn’t help but look at the building he had been on his way to as he passed. The reporters outside were all crowded around their respective trucks, watching the trial on TV. Some could be seen packing up their equipment already. Sam was at a loss. A name had been taken off the list for him. Justice had actually won a round. He knew there would be endless appeals, but for now, the man was guilty.
Sam weighed his options at the next red light. He had two names left. Should he try for them both, or skip to the end of the list while he still had time? He turned the wheel to circle the block and head back toward the Holland Tunnel. He had plenty of time to think about it.
*    *    *
Eight hours later Sam stopped at a fork in the dirt road he was currently navigating for another check of the map. He had committed the address to memory years ago, but the way there was still a mystery. After several folding attempts, and a couple of looks out the window to orient himself, he dropped the van in gear and took the left fork.
Another hour passed, and the sun was starting its descent when the house came into view. A farmhouse of moderate size, it sat on a small farm of fifty acres in the Virginia mountains. The nearest village was over twenty miles away. Sam took in the picket fence and metal roof as he drove up the drive. A large barn could be seen behind the maple trees surrounding the home and light shone from a corner room. Sam stopped the van close to the long porch and shut it off. He watched the snow fall through the windshield. This could be easy or hard. It was a risk coming here, but it was one he felt was worth taking. In any event, he’d soon know.
The front door opened and a face appeared, quickly followed by the barrel of a shotgun. Sam opened the door to let the overhead light hit his face before placing his hands back on the steering wheel where they could be seen. He waited. The old man left the doorway and strode slowly down the porch. The gait was slower than Sam remembered, but the shotgun didn’t waiver. The man paused at the end of the porch and squinted. Sam slowly opened the door and stepped out into the fading sunlight.
“Hello, Top.”
“Sam?”
“It’s me, Top.”
Sam held his breath till the shotgun fell. His old first sergeant looked him up and down for a minute before speaking.
“Saw you on the TV this morning,” he stated
Sam just nodded in reply. He waited in silence for the man’s decision.
“Pull that thing into the barn before you come in.” He turned and walked back into the house.
Sam smiled and shook his head before climbing back into the van. Top was never one for wasting a lot of words.
*    *    *
“So what’s your plan now?” Hoggard asked.
He had sat quietly for the past hour, listening to Sam’s story, asking only an occasional question to clarify a point. When it was over, Sam waited through two refills of the man’s scotch glass before hearing the question.
“Well, I have enough assets cashed to support two more ops. I have a target in...well, do you want to know?”
“You showed up on my porch, son. No use holding back now.”
“Stanley Clay.”
“The Ponzi scheme guy? The one who took all those peoples’ money when his company went belly up? Isn’t he on trial right now?”
“Yeah, he’s got fourteen lawyers working for him. He’s 61 years old. The appeals will barely be started by the time he kicks off. Even if he is convicted, he’ll go to one of those federal country club prisons. You’ve seen the one at Eglin Air Force Base, right, doesn’t even have a wall around it.”
“Yeah, I remember. Looked like a damn golf club.” He placed his half-full glass on the table and pushed it away. “Well, I have some bad news for you, son. He’s dead.”
Sam leaned forward in his chair. “Say that again?”
“He’s dead. Saw it on the news this afternoon, right after the story about you. Died of a heart attack around noon or so. Prosecutor’s been on ever since, getting the most of his fifteen minutes. No justice for the victims. Evidently the people are going to have an even harder time getting any money from his estate now. Buncha lawyer mumbo-jumbo. Makes me sick.”
Sam slumped back in his chair and stared into the fire. That was two targets off the list without a shot fired. He’d been spared one by the system, and cheated out of the other. He got up and paced around the room. His eyes were drawn to the many photographs on the walls. He scanned them as he paced, recognizing several faces. In one corner, he found a picture of himself with Jack and the first sergeant. They were sitting on the deck of a Huey, him and Jack soaked in sweat from a just completed mission. Jungle could be seen in the background. They were all smiling. He turned away to see a wall of citations. He followed them through the man’s career. Sergeant Hoggard. Staff Sergeant Hoggard. First Sergeant Hoggard. Sergeant Major Hoggard. He would always be First Sergeant to Sam, it was the rank he had known him by. He turned again to find the man watching him.
“So, who was the other name?” Hoggard asked.
—THIRTY-EIGHT—
The state of Pennsylvania holds 40,890 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 27,396 are repeat offenders.


“Damn it, Paul! It’s over. You’re not helping him. Tell me where he is and let me bring him in. He’s made his point. We can finish his treatments. He won’t gain anything more by continuing.”
Jack was alone with Paul at the Kalamazoo County prison. The local police, along with Sydney and her crew, were still at the house with the forensics team, or going through the piles of information they had found. The bomb squad had removed and disassembled all the incendiary devices Paul had rigged to the paper documents. Eric and a team of computer experts were attempting to access the two laptops that were also found without triggering the safeguards Paul had set in place. The press were everywhere. They surrounded the house, and also piled at the police barrier erected to cut off traffic to the dead end street on which the jail sat.
Jack stopped pacing and looked down at Paul in the folding chair. He had said little since his capture, sitting calmly and seemed to be waiting patiently for something. Jack searched his memory for a picture Sam had shown him of him and Paul together. Taken at a wedding, he remembered. Sam’s or Paul’s, he couldn’t recall. There was a time when Jack had known the names of most of Sam’s family. He knew what his wife had been like, seen baby pictures of Katie. They had lost touch when they’d both left the service, but there had been a bond at one point. They had shared combat, something few understood. It was more than just serving in the same unit. Some would liken it to being high school buddies. What was it about high school that made you friends for life, regardless of the time that had passed? Why did those four years create this strange bond? He had never met Paul face-to-face, yet he felt bad about interrogating him due to his bond with Sam. How was he going to do this?
“I thought you were his friend?”
Jack spun and faced Paul. He was looking him dead in the eye. The tone was accusing.
“I am, Paul, that’s why you need to help me. I know there are cops out there who might agree with him, but there are others who see him as nothing more than a step to glory and a promotion. They will shoot him on sight and I can’t issue orders to counter that.”
“If you were really his friend, you’d let him finish.” Paul’s stare didn’t waver.
Jack leaned down and put both hands on the table. “Paul, listen to me very closely. I am an FBI agent. Sam knows this. You know this. This is over. This is your fucking wake up call! I know Sam thinks what he’s doing is right, but I have a duty to stop him and he will expect me to do so. He’s not accomplishing a damn thing doing this.”
“He’s not? He’s done more in the last two months than you and the damn FBI have done in years. Look at the papers, man, he’s a damn hero! While you and your buddies are pushing paper and polishing your leather chairs, he went out and actually took out some bad guys. Some of them you had and let get away! You’re just like the damn politicians. All talk and no action. Give the criminal every conceivable way to get off. Doesn’t matter if he’s guilty or not, it only matters how we can explain it away. Nobody can face the fact that some people are just plain bad and that is all there is to it. It is always some excuse. Their childhood, society, the mental disease-of-the-day, whatever you can come up with. Everybody feels so much better if they can just find a way to explain it away. You know it’s bullshit, so don’t preach to me about it. But hey, don’t worry. If it bothers you what Sam is doing, I’m sure someone will find a way to explain it away for you.” Paul turned his gaze from Jack in disgust.
Jack was at a loss. Paul was not only tremendously loyal to Sam, he was unwavering in his justification of their actions. He would have to try a different approach. He sighed and walked to the chair opposite Paul. Taking a seat, he made a show of signaling to the one-way mirror and drawing his finger across his throat.
“Look Paul, you’re right. On some levels I understand what Sam is doing. We’ve all entertained the idea from time to time when we couldn’t make a case stick, or had the opportunity to set up a known criminal. But we have to respect the process, no matter how flawed it is. The result is a downward spiral that leads us to a police state. What you two have done is what I would call the wrong execution of the right idea. Sam’s been to these countries. Hell, I was there with him. We’ve both seen Panama under Noriega. Somalia. Beirut. It’s anarchy. That’s why I’m having a hard time believing Sam could do this. He’s seen the end result. We had to replace everything in those countries and start over, from the presidents on down. Sam’s no army. He knows that, too. He’s made his point. He should know, better than most, that his chances of changing anything this way are next to nothing. Bumping off a few criminals isn’t going to accomplish shit.”
Paul looked up at Jack. He’d had enough of being patronized. “Sam said you were smart, but you think small.”
“Really, how’s that?”
Paul leaned back in the chair and looked at the mirror. He had just said too much. He returned his gaze to Jack.
“Listen closely, Jack. I’m done talking to you. Sam’s not done and I’m sure as hell not helping you. Lawyer.” Paul looked at the mirror and repeated himself louder, “Lawyer!”
Jack rose and walked out the door, leaving Paul alone with his thoughts. He proceeded next door. On entering, he saw the technician rewinding the tape of the interview.
“Not much to go on. Your office called. They’ll have an interrogator from DC here in three hours. But if he’s lawyered up, it won’t do much good.”
Jack ignored the comment as he stared at the screen. “Play it back from the start.” He watched the two screens closely as he listened. One camera had caught the scene full size, while the other had focused on Paul’s face close up.
“What was that? Rewind a few seconds,” he ordered.
Jack watched again closely before reaching out to take the remote from the tech’s hand. Paul’s stoic face filled the screen as Jack’s voice was heard. He rewound it twice more.
“...and start over, from the presidents on down.” Jack froze the picture.
At that point Paul’s face had changed. It now showed a slight grin. It lasted less than a second. What was it he had said? “You think small.”
Jack turned and quickly left the room. He walked down the hallway looking in every office as he went. Finally seeing an empty one, he entered and slammed the door. He quickly pulled out the cell phone and punched speed dial number one.
“Deacon.”
“Sir, it’s Jack, I’ve been talking to the shooter’s brother.”
“And?”
“I believe the President may be in danger.”
*    *    *
“Are you sure? I don’t mind taking you farther.”
Sam smiled up at his old first sergeant. Hoggard was looking down at him from his perch high in the RV’s driver’s seat with a genuine look of concern on his face.
“No thanks, Top, I’ll be fine from here. Better this way for both of us. If you could find your way to my brother-in-law somewhere down the road, I’d appreciate it. He wasn’t supposed to come out of this like he did, but he deserves an explanation.”
“I’ll fill him in when things calm down, that’s a promise.” Hoggard rubbed his two-day growth of beard. “Got that number I gave ya?”
Sam tapped his head. “Right up here, Top. Thanks for everything. Where you off to next?”
“Not sure. South I think. May stop at Bragg and see some of the boys. You guys are all I have left, you know.” He looked out the window for a few seconds before speaking, and he did so without facing Sam.
“Sam, I’m not sure I agree with this one hundred percent, but I think you’re setting some wrongs right. I don’t want to know where you’re going next, or what you plan to do. Just get their attention. Try not to go past that. Focus on that as your mission and I think you’ll be all right. You and Jack were both two of the best I had. I hope you’ve given some thought as to what you’re gonna do if you two should meet. That’s all this old soldier has to say. You check your six and keep your head. I’m proud of you, son.”
Before Sam could reply, Hoggard slipped the brakes with a hiss and the RV rolled down the street toward the freeway on-ramp. Sam watched it go until it was out of sight.
A loud honk brought Sam’s attention back to the curb. A yellow cab had pulled up and the driver was leaning over to look up at him.
“Hey buddy, need a cab?”
Sam just nodded before he stooped to pick up the suitcase and travel bag. He loaded them and himself in the rear seat.
He found himself looking at the cabbie’s license on the rear of the seat. Artie Flocker. Hell of a name, probably caught hell in high school. He looked up to see Artie looking back in the rearview.
“Need a decent hotel for the night,” Sam said.
“Okay, I can help ya there. There’s a Marriot about a mile away. A Holiday Inn Express about two the other, both of them new.”
“Which one’s quieter?”
“Marriot, it is.” Artie dropped the meter and pulled into the traffic.
Sam watched the streets of Baltimore speed by.
*    *    *
Two hours later found Sam out on the curb three blocks from the hotel. After checking in, he had unpacked his bag and used the iron provided in each room, to make his clothes presentable. He then changed into casual attire, popped a couple of pills, and left via the back entrance.
After a short cab ride he found himself at yet another storage unit. Following the instructions he had committed to memory, he found the unit Paul had leased and opened the door. It was beginning to be a familiar sight. Sam took in the two crates, the cardboard boxes and the odd pieces of furniture. He shook his head. Hard to believe things were becoming routine about this. He shut the door and closed the hasp behind him.
Sam stopped and sat down on a crate. The pain was back more often and more severe every time despite the pills and the diet changes. He waited for it to pass. It eventually did.
The equipment was inventoried. Carefully checked for function and serviceability and packed away in its new container. Sam locked the unit behind him and palmed the key. As he walked out the gate, he tossed it in the dumpster sitting nearby.
Sam walked until he was out of view of the facility before hailing a cab. Luckily the first one was willing to take him to DC. He was soon deep into a file containing details on the area he was currently en route to, including a map. He avoided small talk with the cabbie by committing the map to memory.
—THIRTY-NINE—
The state of Rhode Island holds 3,527 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 2,363 are repeat offenders.


Jack and Sydney were also on their way to the nation’s capital. The plane contained more paper than usual. On top of their own, they now had several boxes from Sam and Paul’s homes. The quantity was enormous: maps, newspaper articles, downloaded webpages and several handwritten lists and sketches. Two laptops and a home computer were being carefully assaulted to try to obtain their secrets.
“I’ve got a street map of DC here. Some buildings circled with some numbers beside them, no idea what they mean,” Larry sang out.
“I have pictures of the Kennedy Center and the Jefferson Memorial, Union Station and Reagan Airport. I also have...looks like Hartsfield in Atlanta,...LaGuardia,...and O’Hare.” Sydney held them up for Jack to see.
“Anything else in DC? I’m looking for a range card. It’s a hand drawn map of the view from a sniper’s position. It’ll have things like range and wind and cover and dead space. Look for something like that. How about the damn computers?” Jack asked.
Eric looked up when the conversation ended to see everyone looking at him. He was so engrossed in what he was doing he had missed everything said.
“Yeah?”
“How long, Eric?”
“Hard to say, sir, he’s an amateur, but a good one. He used several commercially bought security and encryption products, and then added to them. I’m only past two safeguards with several more to go. If I go too fast, we risk losing everything. I need some time and some help. This is not my usual area. I’m usually putting stuff in, not taking it out. Sorry.”
“Don’t be sorry, just do what you can. Don’t lose anything please. No chances, okay? I’ll get you some help when we land.”
“Okay.” Eric looked at Sydney and got an encouraging smile before he stuck his nose back in the screen.
Jack had already reached for the phone. It rang once.
“Deacon.”
“Hey, Boss, it’s Jack, I need a few things. First, I need HRT on alert. Call Greg Whitcomb and tell him to pull out the stops, including the little birds. I’ll call him in a half hour with more information. I also need you to pull a favor with the NSA. I’ve got a total of three computers here. Two laptops and a desk top. The laptops are Dell 5100 series and the desk is a Dell 8400. They’re encrypted up the wazoo and we’re in need of some help cracking them. Other than that, we’re all going through the paper pile we found. Lots of photos, cut out articles and downloads, even a few maps. We’re setting aside the stuff that he’s done already, but they had a lot more planned.”
“Anything on the President?” Deacon broke in.
“Some maps of Washington. Some articles on the crime bill last year. Some photos. Nothing definitive yet. One other thing, call Flick Johnson at Reagan, and tell him I found some photos of the place. He’ll know what to do.”
“Okay, okay, slow down a second. Little birds?”
“Yeah, the small helicopters they use.”
“Got it. Flick Johnson, do I know him?”
“I don’t think so. He’s Homeland Security, big guy, like three hundred pounds. He can move you across the room with his fingers, hence the name.”
“All right, I’ll get on this. I already spoke to the Secret Service and they have advised the President of the threat. He refuses to change the schedule. The State of the Union will happen tonight as planned. Are you sure about this, Jack? The town is crawling with security. Your boy stands a slim chance of pulling this off.”
“I don’t think he cares about the odds anymore, sir.”
“All right. How far out are you?”
Jack looked at the flatscreen display on the wall between him and the cockpit. It showed a GPS location over a map of the Midwest. Estimated time of arrival was in the lower right-hand corner.
“We’re over Ohio, about an hour.”
“We’ll be waiting. Call me in a half hour.”
“Yes, sir.”
*    *    *
Sam watched closely as the cab swept him down Pennsylvania Avenue. They had been on 295 for most of the trip, but after several turns, Sam had lost track of their position. Evidently the driver knew where he was going, as they had arrived without him consulting a map. Sam had been picking off street names and comparing them to the map he now had in his head. He was soon seeing a greater police presence the closer they got to the Capitol Building. With the State of the Union address tonight, security would be at its highest level. This would be the biggest test of their false documents to date. He had reserved the room over a month ago. Had they run a background check to the point it would discredit his identification papers? He would soon find out.
He recognized the building from the promotional pictures he had downloaded. He had actually stayed here many years ago while passing through during his days with the army. He had decided to splurge on a room right on the Mall, with a view of the capitol. The Holiday Inn DC on the Hill was not the best hotel in town, but it had a certain charm about it that Sam had found appealing back then. Its location was its strong point. Across the street from the Capitol Building, it was walking distance to every government office and tourist attraction. It had also undergone a major remodeling in recent years, something Sam took note of as he exited the cab.
Sam was examining the front of the building when he was approached by the doorman. The man looked into the cab and seeing the luggage and case, turned to wave over a bellhop. Sam quickly waved him off and peeling a bill from his money clip, explained, “I can handle it, thank you.”
“Yes sir,” the doorman replied, quickly pocketing the cash and moving to the next cab.
Sam peeled off more bills to pay the cab driver, leaving a healthy, but not too generous, tip. No need to stick out in the man’s memory. He turned and proceeded up the stairs and inside to the check-in desk. A beautiful young girl smiled at him from the other side.
“How can I help you, sir?”
“Mr. Dorraugh. Dan. I have a reservation.” Sam produced his passport and driver’s license and laid them on the counter.
“One moment, sir.” Sam read her name tag. Olivia. Pretty name for a pretty girl. He watched her face and scanned the lobby behind him in the mirror. If it was going to happen, it would happen now.
“Mr. Dorraugh, I have you in rooms 608 and 610. Top floor on the front of the building as requested. Should I keep this on the Visa you used to make the reservation?”
“Yes, please,” Sam replied.
“I’ll just need your driver’s license, sir. The other room is for?” She smiled as she pulled it from under his passport with a perfectly shaped fingernail.
“My daughter, she’ll be arriving later.”
Sam quickly retrieved the passport and pocketed it in his coat. No need for her to scrutinize it if she didn’t need it. This was going very easy.
A few keystrokes later she placed a form in front of him, along with a keycard. He quickly signed at the indicated X and slid the form back. He noticed her quickly check the signature against his driver’s license before handing it back. Good thing he had practiced.
“Are you playing at the Kennedy Center?” She asked.
“No, not me, my daughter is tomorrow night. I just brought her backup with me,” Sam explained.
“I’m sure she’ll do very well, sir.” Olivia smiled. “Would you like some help with your bags?”
“No thank you, I can manage.” Sam returned the smile.
“Very good, sir, the elevators are just across the lobby. Enjoy your stay.”
“Thank you, I will.”
Sam stooped and picked up the trombone case in one hand and his garment bag with the other. A bellhop would have surely noted the excessive weight of both. As he turned to face out the elevator door, he caught sight of the desk girl checking in another man, same smile and courtesy. He felt badly for the inconvenience she would have to endure because of him. Perhaps she would be home by the time everything got started.
Sam rode to the sixth floor alone and quickly found his rooms. After his usual fight with the keycard, he found himself in a pushily adorned room. A large bed dominated the room with a small seating area in front of the window. Sam strode across the room and pulled the curtains, cutting off his view of the Mall. Only then did he return to turn on the lights. Locking the door behind him, he walked to the adjoining room door to find it unlocked. He opened it to a mirror image of the room he’d just left. He looked the room over carefully before locking its door and returning to the first room. The bed was quickly stripped of its bedspread, and the mattress lifted off and leaned against the headboard.
From the trombone case Sam pulled the rifle. The stock was folded into position and the scope was swiftly mounted and tightened into place. Sam then began unloading the rest of his items and laying them carefully out on the box spring. Wires were connected and tightened down, batteries placed and checked. An hour later, Sam was satisfied.
He turned on CNN and placed the volume at a level where he could hear it from the bathroom where he showered while listening to the commentators’ predictions of what the President might say tonight.
“Oh shit!” Sam laughed at his own prediction. He checked his watch, time to get moving. After carefully replacing the mattress and bedspread over the gear, he left by his room, leaving the Do Not Disturb sign on his and his “daughter’s” room. The stairs were five feet from “her” entrance. He descended and wandered across the lobby toward the restaurant and bar while he mentally noted the layout and exits. The basement stairs serviced a constant traffic of hotel maids with piles of linen in their arms. He watched the waiters come and go through the kitchen entrance before pushing the door open himself. He quickly wandered around the room looking like a lost guest. After finding what he wanted, he made for the exit in the back and found himself in the alley which he followed to the street. Taking a right, he casually walked down the Mall, taking in the sights of the nation’s capitol. Several street vendors were in attendance and he purchased a hot dog with chips and a large drink. He took the bag and continued walking, working on the drink as he moved with the crowd of tourists dominating the foot traffic. A group of protestors, complete with signs, coolers, and folding chairs rushed past in the direction of the White House, their breath visible in the cold January air. While Sam looked the part of a tourist, his interests were focused elsewhere. While others looked up at the Washington Monument, he looked down at the welded manhole covers in the street. He noted the cameras mounted on the buildings and watched workers empty the many trash bins in the area. One of them was carefully checking the interior of the bin before replacing the bag. He counted the number of police on horseback patrolling the Mall and made mental notes of their equipment. He scanned the rooftops and saw people watching the streets through binoculars. As he neared 7th Street, the crowd grew thicker. He moved over and found a bench to observe the area.
Sam sat quietly and watched the crowds. Despite the January temperature, the sidewalks were full and he wondered what it was like during the summer. It was a rare sunny day for DC with the wind at a minimum, just cold. The crew emptying the trash cans pulled up and headed toward the bin next to his bench. With a fluid motion the bin was quickly opened, emptied, inspected and relined by practiced hands. He even got a nod from the worker as he moved on to the next one.
Perfect.
Sam wiggled his butt on the cold bench to stimulate some blood flow and watched the crew move down the Mall. When they had moved a safe distance, he scanned the area for police. The nearest was over fifty yards away. His only remaining worry was unseen cameras. They had to be there and there was no way of knowing if they were watching. The DC Mall was monitored like a Vegas casino. He would have to be very careful. First, Sam positioned the food bag on his lap with the open end toward his aching gut. He then made a show of reaching into his inner coat pocket to retrieve a handkerchief. He palmed an object in his gloved hand along with the handkerchief, and accidentally dropped it in his lap as he pulled it out. Sam used the fact that people tend to look away from a person blowing their nose to nudge the object into the bag. After several follow-up wipes, the handkerchief was deposited into the bag as well. The bag was then wadded up and deposited into the empty trash bin. With any luck, the bin would not be changed until tomorrow. Step one was done.
Sam rose and resumed his stroll down the Mall. As he paused at the gap between the National Gallery of Art and National Museum of Natural History, he could make out the building housing the Justice Department.
Are you listening? He silently asked. He turned his gaze to the building behind it across Pennsylvania Avenue. How about you?
He spun on his heel and continued down the Mall. The Washington Monument appeared on his left, followed by the White House on his right across the ellipse. He was forced by a crowd to cross over to Constitution Avenue. By the time he reached the Vietnam Veteran’s Memorial he was ready for another bench. His stomach was not cooperating. Unfortunately, all the benches were taken. This was Washington’s most popular memorial. The crowds were thick, the mood somber. People spoke in low tones and showed no signs of being in a hurry. Sam stood some distance away and watched the crowd inch past the wall. Several people were looking for a particular name. Many left cards and mementos at the base. It was before Sam’s time, but he understood. They had yet to erect monuments to his wars. He wondered if they ever would.
Sam shook his head to clear his mind, took a few deep breaths of the cold air, which was followed by a self directed order to stay focused. He turned and continued his reconnaissance of the Mall, crossing over to the Lincoln Memorial via Bacon Drive and on to the Korean War Memorial. A steady stroll soon brought him to Jefferson Drive, passing the Smithsonian, and the Air and Space Museum. Here he slowed his pace to take in the view of the Capitol Building. He stopped to perform the tourist thing and snapped some photos with his digital camera. He was careful to include the security fence, the rooftop with several people visible and the police cars at every intersection, a few with dogs occupying the rear seats, and looked for the bomb squad. Deciding the police presence was too great on First Street, he elected to cross the Mall on Third. Taking a right on Constitution, he walked past Capitol Plaza till he was in front of the Senate office building. Here he paused to play tourist again before moving up Delaware. He paused again in front of his hotel and used the camera’s flip screen to take several shots of his hotel across the plaza without anyone seeing him aim. He noted the height of the trees and the flow of traffic, trying to predict what it might be like this evening. When he had committed it all to memory, he crossed Delaware and found a secluded spot on the plaza. Using the traffic noise as cover, he pulled the cell phone out and powered it up. He quickly dialed Paul at home. After several rings with no answer, he thumbed the off button. Sam decided to maybe call again in an hour. He replaced the phone in his pocket after turning it off, and set out for the hotel.
—FORTY—
The state of South Carolina holds 23,719 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 15,891 are repeat offenders.


The young operator looked up when his computer started beeping. One of the flagged numbers he had been assigned was active. The color code changed as the phone was used to make a call. He watched as the computer automatically ran a trace. The call was never answered and the caller quickly hung up and powered off the phone. The technician didn’t know what the number was being traced for, but he did know it was a priority one file. The computer soon spit out the information. The carrier was a pre-paid phone with limited service, purchased in the Chicago area about a month ago. The call was made to another pre-paid phone purchased at the same time and place. He punched additional keys and scrolled to the information he wanted. The call had originated at tower #1318. The southwest corner of the northeast section of Washington DC and had ended a few blocks away in the northwest section. He saved the file, logged it in, and then sent the information to the email addresses listed at the bottom of his instructions. Done. He looked at the clock on his cubicle wall, three more hours until quitting time. Another exciting day at the NSA.
*    *    *
“What do you have, Jack? I only have a few minutes.” Special Agent Greg Whitcomb had a full plate today. This was his second time leading the FBI’s Hostage Rescue Team for tonight’s State of the Union address and things were going as usual. Juggling coordination with the Secret Service, the local police, border patrol, and the new Department of Homeland Security people was a nightmare. Especially when everyone thought they were in charge. He had just gotten off the phone with the local police captain, who had been ordered by the Secret Service to park an EMS unit on the south side of the capitol building, despite the fact that it blocked the view of one of his sniper/observer teams. It had taken twenty minutes to straighten out. Now Jack was here to add to his problems.
After a ten minute account of Jack’s adventures over the past two months he was not happy.
“So you’re telling me I have an ex Special Ops sniper who’s been running around the country picking people off and now has the President on his list? And not only that, you know him personally?”
“Yeah, we served together. He was my instructor at Bragg. He’s the best I’ve ever seen. It gets worse.”
“How’s that?”
“He has terminal cancer, less than a few months without treatment. He’s got nothing to lose.”
“Great, Jack, that’s just great. What did the Secret Service say?”
Jack grimaced. “They’re downplaying it. I really don’t have too much that says he’s coming here. We found some newspaper articles and some downloads. Evidently, he is not happy with the man and his failure to pass a decent crime bill. I had the Director brief them while I was in transit. The President refuses to change the schedule, they claim their security is sufficient, but you know about guys like this one.”
“True,” Greg replied. What Jack had just described to him was the Secret Service’s worst case scenario. A lone gunman with no fear of being caught or killed while achieving his objective. To top it off, this man was a professional.
“Any proof that he’s here?” Greg asked.
“No, just my gut,” Jack replied.
Greg thought about it for another few seconds before making his decision. He pulled the radio from his vest and keyed the mic.
“This is Whitcomb. I want the Blue Team alerted at Quantico and sent to Reagan to meet the birds. Have the Gold Team members there come to the Hoover Building for new instructions.”
“What should they bring?” a voice answered.
“Everything.”
Greg looked at Jack. “You better be right on this, Jack, I just blew a lot of tax dollars. What have you done so far?”
“I have pictures being sent to you and the Service, should be in the deck soon. We’re rechecking all hotel reservations in the area. NSA has a few phone numbers to track. We have his brother, but he’s not talking. Trying to break into his computer. Other than that, well...we’re reading a lot.”
“Okay, I’m gonna tighten this area down till it’s ready to pop. The deck is over 52 cards now, but we’ll add yours.” The deck was actually a stack of card-sized photos of people that had threatened the President or Government at some point. Each agent had a deck they referred to as they scanned the crowd around the President.
Jack watched Greg as he fell silent for a moment, no doubt putting himself in the sniper’s position again. Something he himself had done many times before. The Mall between the White House and the Capitol Building was surrounded by tall buildings. Most of which were very old and had windows that opened. Although many had been sealed shut for just this reason it was not hard to reopen one. Most of the buildings were also government offices, but the shooter could well be a government employee, or posing as one. Jack had also mentioned that he used explosives. The coverage included dogs and electronic explosive detectors. But dogs got tired, and the electronic devices gave many false readings. On top of all this, you had countless protestors from countless causes on every street in the area, with the press everywhere to cover it all, every one of them wearing heavy clothes and long coats that could be concealing anything. It was a losing battle. The fact that it would be dark at the time of the speech would only aid the shooter. There was one thing that would help.
Greg looked up and saw Jack watching him.
“Sucks, don’t it,” Jack said.
Greg smiled and shook his head. “I was about to ask you if you could arrange to have it rain tonight. Nice cold torrential downpour. Something to drop visibility to around, oh I don’t know, ten feet or so?”
“Wish I could. That would solve a bunch of problems. Listen, I have to go find my crew and see if we have anything new. Can I borrow a radio?”
Greg reached to the small of his back and produced his backup radio. He spun the dials for a few seconds and then placed it in Jack’s hand.
“My backup. It’s encrypted. You can reach me, any of my team, and the Secret Service monitors it at all times. Next channel is Washington P.D. followed by EMS and Border Patrol, State of Maryland, State of Virginia and on down the line. Batteries are good till tomorrow. For God’s sake don’t lose it. I’ll be in paperwork for a year. Need some 5-50?”
Jack smiled. Greg was asking if he needed any parachute cord to tie the radio to himself. Something they did in basic training with new recruits and their weapons.
“Fuck you very much.” Jack pulled out one of his cards. He flipped it over and held it up. “My cell. Give it to anyone you think might need it.”
At that point the subject of the conversation chose to ring. Jack snatched it off his belt and glanced at the screen before answering.
“Yeah, Syd.”
“Jack, we just got word from NSA. One of the phones was used. It was calling the one we have here in the evidence pile, kinda freaked us out.”
“Where did the call originate from?”
“Right here in DC, within a mile of the capitol.”
“Got it. I’ll be there in a minute.”
He flipped the phone shut and turned to find Greg looking at him this time.
“He’s here.”
*    *    *
Charlie was exhausted. The last week before the State of the Union speech was always a marathon of meetings, phone calls, and piles of reading. Every lobbyist in the DC area wanted their cause mentioned in the speech. Governors, congressmen and senators all wanted to add their suggestions and had to be heard out and placated. People had to be vetted. People with egos as big as buildings had been parading through his office for weeks now. Charlie would be very happy when this night was over, and they could all get back to some real work.
But not yet. He currently had one of the Senate’s biggest egos across the table from him once again. He looked up at the portrait of Teddy Roosevelt, but no help was coming from that source. He returned his gaze across the table to the aide-of-the-moment, who was currently speaking. He decided to cut him off, time was short.
“Excuse me. I hear what your man is saying, Senator, but we all know that a majority of handguns in this country are foreign made. They may be American-owned companies, but the number of workers in the states is nothing compared to the number of workers outside the US. The millions of lost jobs argument just doesn’t hold up.”
“In my state alone there are thousands of jobs at stake here. How can you say that this doesn’t hold up?” the senator countered.
“Those jobs are all white collar management and marketing positions, Senator. They will no doubt suffer a few losses, but the effect on your state’s economy will be little. I’m sorry, Senator, but we’ve been here before. Time is limited. I have a deal to offer.”
The Senator smiled and leaned back in his chair. Was he going to get what he wanted?
“I’m listening.”
Charlie looked the senator in the eye. He hated that smile. While he respected the man as a political adversary, he loathed almost everything he stood for. He was against what he was about to offer, but had been ordered to make it happen by his boss, the Chief of Staff. He looked from the senator to the ten aides he had brought with him. This was not for their ears.
The Senator quickly caught the hint. “Would you all excuse us for a moment? Mr. Parker and I would like to have a private conversation.”
Charlie could not resist checking his watch as the aides all filed out of the room. He turned and nodded to Ashley, his secretary, who also rose to leave. Not before giving him a frown on the way out.
“Senator, we both know the President would like to announce the existence of the crime bill tonight in the State of the Union. If it’s in the speech then it’s expected by the public to have heavy pressure by the White House to pass. I understand how if you vote in favor, you will face a tough battle for reelection in your state next year. The White House would have no choice but to draw attention to the vote and lay blame with your party and you in general. This would of course be followed by a strong candidate from your state running in opposition for your seat. I assure you, he will be well financed. However, if you were to choose to vote in favor of the bill, and bring the other eight votes you influence with you, the President has authorized me to make this offer. Vote in favor, and the President will publicly thank you and call attention to the fact that the manufacturers, despite pressure from your office, refused to move any of their facilities to the US. We would also promise not to run a strong candidate in next year’s election and place a cap on election budgets.”
The senator was caught off guard. He had expected some kind of pork barrel program for his state, or one of the DOD contracts currently being considered to be awarded. This was more than he expected. He knew his personal views were beginning to run against the majority of the voters in his state and his staff had continually pointed that out. With the baby boomers dying off, he was losing his voting majority. Numbers for the next campaign were not good. Now here was Charlie Parker, offering him another term. What if word leaked of this deal?
“When will this bill be presented, Mr. Parker?”
Charlie sat back with a hidden smile. He had him. He was looking for assurance that the White House would hold up its end. He would get it.
“We estimate it will take at least a year to cover everything.”
The senator smiled at that. A year would be a few months after the next senatorial election. He had one more problem.
“I think I’ll need to sit on the committee.”
“We’ve already thought of that. You won’t chair, but you’ll have a seat.”
The senator thought the offer through from all angles. Political angles. He failed to see a downside, although he was sure there was one. This was worth more than the campaign contributions he was getting from the gun industry.
“You have someone ready to fall on his sword?” he asked.
“We’ll pick some young district attorney. He can be the queen that the party moved out onto the board too soon.”
“Well, son, I think you can tell the President we have an understanding.”
“Excellent, Senator.” Charlie rose to his feet and shook the man’s hand. “I trust you’ll be making some phone calls soon.”
“Of course.” He left the room with a purposeful stride, his aides falling into tow.
Ashley returned and looked at Charlie with one eyebrow raised. “What just happened in here?”
“I’ll fill you in later. I need Bill. Tell him there’s a change and get me a minute with the President. No wait, never mind, I’ll just go over myself. Where is he?”
“In the Oval, practicing.”
“Okay, I’m off. Tell Bill. Go. Go.”
Ashley shook her head as she watched him almost trip as he rounded the corner. She turned the opposite way to find Bill. Her boss was at least entertaining.
*    *    *
Sam sat in his dark hotel room. He watched the shadows move across the room and the light fade to a point that he was satisfied it was safe to begin the next step. With a grunt against the pain, he rose from his chair and walked into the adjoining room. It was as he had left it. He double checked that the door was locked and chained before moving to the bed. He shoved the bed against the far wall to give him the maximum space in front of the window facing the Capitol. He then returned to his room, and quietly as he could, dragged the large dresser through the door and into the corner room. With some more shoving, he soon had the two dressers back-to-back, forming a table about three by six foot. Next, he placed the two straight-back chairs from both rooms onto the table. A towel from the bathroom covered the front chair. Sam eyed his engineering before carefully climbing onto the perch. He sat in the rear chair and gazed over the front one out the window down onto Capitol Plaza. His elevated position offered him the angle he needed without him presenting himself in the window. He looked at the surrounding rooftops, but was unable to see anyone moving in the dark. Satisfied, he returned to his room and uncovered his hardware from the bed, carefully inspected the scope and then powered it up. He returned to his perch and scanned out the window. The green glow of the night vision increased his vision exponentially. He slowly developed a mental range card. The TV in the next room kept him abreast of arriving VIPs to the capitol. He settled in to wait.
—FORTY-ONE—
The state of South Dakota holds 3,026 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 2,027 are repeat offenders.


Sydney stood and arched her back. She had been leaning over this desk for hours as she and Larry went over the mountain of papers gathered from the two homes. They had several file cabinets’ worth of paper spread out on tables, with more being unloaded all the time and not enough space or people to process it all quickly. The fact they no longer had Dave to help was another hindrance. They did have some new help however.
Through the glass partition she saw the newest team member hunched over the laptop he had been working on for several hours. Jack had forced him to stop and eat something a couple of hours ago, but Eric continued to type with one hand while the other shoved a sandwich in his mouth. His mouth now held a well-chewed pencil that was occasionally snatched free to make a new notation on the legal pad next to him, only to be returned quickly to its previous place. He typed with a speed that would rival any reporter. On arrival, Eric met some computer technicians from the National Security Agency. They offered their first names and nothing more, typical. With Jack watching, Eric gave them a quick rundown on what they were after and what he had accomplished so far. One had watched over Eric’s shoulder for a few minutes, and apparently satisfied that he knew what he was doing, went to work on the remaining laptop. Now and then they would shout out numbers and phrases that the others would acknowledge. It was all a mystery to her.
She walked to the refrigerator in the corner to retrieve two Mountain Dews. One she opened, the other she placed between Eric’s flying fingers. He paused and looked up at her.
“How’s it coming, Eric?”
“I’m making progress. It’s slow, and I can’t tell when I’ll be through. It’s frustrating.” He leaned his chair back as far as it would go before opening the can. High fructose corn syrup was bad for keyboards. He downed half the can before setting it down an arm’s length from the laptop. “How about you?”
Sydney turned to look back through the glass at Larry. He sat at the table with a pencil behind his ear. His hair was a mess. Shirt tails out. His tie had disappeared several hours ago. He was rubbing his neck as he scanned another document.
“We’re all tired. Look, don’t kill yourself. Stop and take a break every once in a while. You’re no good to anyone if you pass out at the keyboard. Take a walk around the room. Get something to drink.”
“Okay, I’ll try. You, too.”
“All right, me too.”
Eric rose to take a stroll. But he gathered his notes to take with him.
“Thanks, sis.”
Sydney just smiled and returned to her pile of paper. At least he hadn’t called her Mom.
*    *    *
John Hoskins was head of the Secret Service detail in charge of securing the President. He was not in a happy mood. Not only did he have his principal making a semi-public appearance tonight, he had fresh information that pointed toward a professional assassin in the area, possibly targeting him. As the agent in charge, he was responsible. But he still had to listen to one man.
“Mr. President, we have a credible threat. I would like to postpone departure until the awnings can be erected at the entrances. I also think the vest is in order.”
The President, surrounded by staffers in the Oval Office, had just donned the suit he was going to wear. One selected for its on-camera appeal along with a tie that had been approved by no less than ten people. It had been checked for color, shine and its ability to not bleed on camera—whatever that meant. The President chose not to care. Now the Secret Service was asking him to change into a different suit, one that would accommodate the custom molded bulletproof vest that he had been fitted for before even taking office. The thing had some kind of gel between two layers of some space age super metal. Despite the tailoring of the vest, it still hampered his movements and gave him a sort of stiff walk. Something he had to overcome when he had thrown out the first pitch at the World Series last year. He hated the thing.
“John, we should have left five minutes ago. I can’t have the entire House and Senate, not to mention the entire nation, waiting for me to make a wardrobe change, especially two wardrobe changes. I’m sure as hell not giving a speech with the damn armor on. As for the awnings, you have five minutes. Tonight I could care less about the awnings.”
The President then turned to talk with his speech writer. John took the hint and quickly left the Oval. Once in the hallway, he pulled out his radio. Unlike on TV, the little sleeve mikes did not function inside the West Wing. In fact, no remote communication devices were allowed to function here, unless your name was John Hoskins.
“This is Hoskins. POTUS refuses to change the schedule. The awnings are a go, get them up now. Update HRT. Has the perimeter been swept?”
“Yes, about thirty minutes ago.”
“Do it again.”
“Yes, sir.”
John lengthened his stride and people jumped out of his way. He was upset about the awnings. This President had shot down the awnings that the service usually erected to shield him from snipers whenever he entered or left a building. The President had likened it to having a slave shade and fan him. His PR people had agreed. So the Service had done the best they could to shorten his time in the open, choosing alternatives whenever possible, or entrances with existing awnings. This President was typical. He viewed his security as a necessary nuisance, something to be tolerated. John had worked hard to gain the man’s trust and respect and would have been surprised to know that he had both. But tonight was all about politics, and the President was not as pliable as he might have been on other nights. John paused once he was outside and fought the urge to pull out a cigarette. Something he and the President secretly did outside the view of the First Lady. He stared out over the waiting limousines and went through his mental list. Had he covered all the bases? Were there enough contingency plans in place to meet any event? He hoped so.
His earpiece informed him that the members of the Supreme Court were now arriving safely in their seats. The Vice President was also in the chamber and safe. It was going to be a long night.
*    *    *
Sam sat in the dark hotel room with a similar earpiece in his ear, listening to the police scanner for the last few hours. He was only catching local traffic, little to do with the coverage of the President. Despite the State of the Union address, the rest of the city went on as usual. Car thefts, traffic accidents, shootings, a house fire somewhere he was not familiar with. All this had to be handled in addition to the security details relating to the speech. The traffic was constant and consistent. He turned down the volume in the earpiece so he could hear the TV in the next room. The news coverage of the State of the Union speech was somewhat like the Superbowl. They were into the last minutes of the pre-game, still speculating as to what the President might say. Their voices could be heard over the footage of the arriving VIPs. Everyone shaking hands and smiling like they were all friends. He listened for a few minutes until he heard them mention activity at the White House. The President was soon leaving, according to the commentator.
Sam reached down to pick up the frequency checker. It was similar to the one he had used in Las Vegas. He ran it through the check for the fourth time that night. Still clear. He left his perch to sit in front of the television. He watched as the President walked quickly to the car and entered. The camera switched as the motorcade made its way to the Capitol Building. He watched the security covering the President. The coverage continued until he was inside the building. At this point Sam had seen enough. He pushed the mute button and angled the TV so it could be seen from his perch in the next room.
The pain in his stomach was worse. He rose and barely made it to the bathroom when his bowels let loose. He felt a little dizzy after the event. Not wanting to, he forced himself to check the bowl’s contents. It looked like coffee grounds. His abdomen was tender to the touch. Both signs he was bleeding internally. The coffee ground looking stuff was partially digested blood. The cancer had finally eaten away at the walls of his colon. He forced a couple of pills down his throat and chased them with water. Deep breaths drove away the dizziness. He caught a look at himself in the mirror and was appalled by his appearance. His color was gray, his skin slack, and eyes red and raw. This was the last shot. No matter the outcome. His health was too poor to take him any further. The walk around the city today had exhausted him, and now the blood. He turned from the mirror in disgust. He passed the silent image of the President giving his speech to return to his perch on the makeshift table.
*    *    *
Jack was confused. He had held his breath from the moment the President had left the West Wing to the point he had entered the House chamber. Nothing. He had caught the looks from a few of the HRT members. He dismissed their gaze and headed back to the Pit. On arrival, he found his team going over everything they had. Larry and Sydney were in a conversation involving some pictures of the DC area. Eric still had his nose in the laptop they had taken from Paul’s home. Everyone had something to do but him. He retreated to his office where he picked up the phone.
“Hoskins, what do you need, Jack?”
“I saw the canopy. Was that you or the President?”
“Little of both. You have anything new?”
“No, still sifting through the pile. I just know this guy, John. I know how he thinks. He’s patient and very smart. Don’t let your guard down till the President’s back in the residence.”
“The President refuses to change anything. The post speech bash at the residence will be easier to control though. We’ve vetted every guest twice over. The coverage is maxed out. I keep looking for holes, but I haven’t found any.”
“If there is one, he’ll find it. No offense.”
“None taken, Jack, gotta go.”
Jack played with the dead receiver for a few seconds before cradling it. What had he missed? Sam had trained him. He knew how the man thought out a mission. What would he do? He looked up at the map of DC he had tacked on the wall some time ago. He had been here already. There were thousands of good shooting positions. This was wasted time. He jumped to his feet and marched back to the Pit.
The first thing he noticed on entering was Eric. Across the room and through the glass, he was seated at his desk with both fingers crossed, staring at the screen of the laptop. The two NSA people were standing over him.
“Yes!” Eric punctuated the event with his fists in the air, nearly punching an NSA guy in the face.
“What is it?” Jack asked.
Eric could not contain his excitement. His fingers were again flying across the keyboard. “We’re in. I found a way around the last safeguard and I have total access. The memory is near full, lots of data. Just tell me what to look for. No, wait, lemme copy the hard drive first. Only take a minute.” He was soon loading and unloading disc after disc.
Jack looked at the borrowed help. “Anything?”
“We’ll try the same thing on these two. See where it leads us.” They sulked away to their respective computers, beaten by an amateur, one with spiked hair no less.
“Sydney, Larry, work with Eric, please. You know what we’re after. Call me if you get anything. I’ll be with HRT.”
“Okay, Jack. Are you all right?”
He looked at her. Same worried look she had when they were together.
“Yeah, I’m fine.”
She watched him leave. Larry tore her attention back.
“Come on, Sydney, let’s see what the rookie found for us.”
*    *    *
Jack bypassed the elevator in favor of the stairs. A quick sprint up two floors and he was in the command room of the Hostage Rescue Team. They were monitoring the teams deployed around the area, waiting for the President to exit the Capitol Building. An electronic map showed their positions and call signs. A quick response team waited on the roof of the building with the little bird helicopters.
“Anything happening?” Jack asked.
One of the team spoke up. “One of the modern-day hippies tried climbing the fence at the White House. Park police grabbed him before the Secret Service could put a round through his head. He’s on his way to lockup. Other than that, it’s been quiet. Best idea they ever had doing this in January. Weather keeps most of the crazies away.”
“Let’s hope.” Jack looked at the screen showing the speech. “He about done?”
The tech in front of the screens checked his watch. “Should be. It’ll take awhile to exit, but he should be clear in a few minutes.”
Jack stared at the map and screens.
“I guess we wait again.”
*    *    *
Six blocks away, Sam also watched the TV and waited. While the President’s head filled the screen, Sam was spared his speech thanks to the mute button. The man was ineffective as far as he was concerned. He tried, but the opposition always seemed to find a way to defeat him. He watched as the audience rose and applauded over and over, sometimes the whole room, but mostly half at a time. Partisan politics, it was nothing but a big game for them. They might change their minds about the game after tonight. They all rose as the President wrapped it up.
He fingered the switches on the remote unit in anticipation.
*    *    *
“What do you have, Eric?” Larry asked.
“Well, basically a bunch of files. None of the names are flat out. Mostly code words I imagine. Here’s a big one.” He punched keys and the file appeared on the large flat screen monitor on the wall. He scrolled it slowly as they all scanned it.
Sydney spoke first. “It’s a copy of the crime bill proposed last year. Skip to the end.”
The document flew by as Eric prompted it. The last few pages were a list of names.
“The voting tally,” Larry explained.
As the list scrolled up the screen, several names appeared in highlight.
“Those would be the key senatorial votes that defeated it,” he added.
“Print that, Eric. What else is there?” Sydney asked.
“That’s it for that file.”
“Keep going. Look for maps, like Jack said.”
As data flew up the screen, Eric paused here and there to check something visible only to him, and then just as fast moved on.
“Here, this might be a map.” The file appeared on the big screen. “No, looks like a floor plan of a building. But what?”
A voice from across the room said, “It’s the Senate Office Building.”
They all turned to see a young female security guard standing in the doorway.
“Say that again?” Larry inquired.
“It’s the Senate Office Building. My cousin works security there. You know, right next to the Capitol Building.”
—FORTY-TWO—
The state of Tennessee holds 25,403 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 17,020 are repeat offenders.


John Hoskin’s night was only half over. The speech had ended and he was watching closely as the President shook the last few hands before breaking away to make his exit. He increased his pace to stay in front of the man as they made their way to the motorcade. He listened through his custom made earpiece as his agents reported, one after the other, that the exit was clear. He paused at the doorway for a look of his own, before stepping aside for the President. The walk under the freshly erected canopy was short, and they were both soon in the limousine. It quickly left the curb, and accelerated to a speed highly illegal on the DC streets.
The President was in a joyful mood. “Well, John, what did you think?”
“About what, sir?”
“About what? The speech, John, I’d like your opinion. How did the old man do tonight?”
“I’m sorry, sir, I really couldn’t say. I’m afraid I wasn’t paying attention.”
The President just smiled and shook his head. Since he had known John Hoskins, he had never seen the man in what he would call a relaxed state.
“You’re taking tomorrow off. That’s an order from your Commander-in-Chief. I should make you watch it on tape, too.”
“Yes, sir.”
The limousine took a long sweeping turn toward the White House. The driver was very good. While his feet were on both pedals, the brake had yet to receive any pressure. They were about halfway home.
*    *    *
Sam watched the motorcade’s progress on the television from his perch on the two dressers. The other TV still showed the House chamber emptying. With an eye on both screens, he held the remote in his hand, his finger on the button, just a little closer.
*    *    *
The flash was seen against the buildings facing the Mall, quickly followed by the sound. The driver immediately floored the accelerator and took the next turn away from the explosion. The President found himself face down on the floor of the limo with Agent Hoskins on top of him. The President struggled to rise, but found himself pinned by the agent’s weight and strength. Before he could protest, he heard Hoskins yelling something to the driver. He felt the car take another turn and once again accelerate.
“John?” he asked.
“Just stay down, Mr. President.”
It was a tone of voice that had not been directed at him since the Naval Academy. He decided to do just as he had been told.
*    *    *
Senator Harper had just left the chamber and was on his way to the exit closest to his car. He and a few aides were scheduled to attend a post-speech meeting at a fellow senator’s residence. Hopefully they could beat the crowd. They had just stepped out of the building when the noise reached them. A dull boom, it echoed around the buildings, and several car alarms could be heard going off. As they turned to look back at the building, a security officer slammed the door shut. Several others could be seen approaching with their sidearms out.
“The car, quickly!” the senator ordered.
As they all turned toward the street they saw police cars pulling out everywhere, blocking every entrance and exit to the Capitol Building.
“Damn it. What’s going on?” he asked an aide who had a cell phone to his ear.
“Some kind of explosion in the park near the Washington Monument, the Capitol Building is being locked down,” he replied.
The senator spun in a circle, taking in the scene. People were running in every direction. The flashing police lights obscured any view he had of what was happening. He didn’t wish to return to the building and be locked down, yet standing in the open in the cold was not appealing either.
“Follow me. We’ll go to the office to wait this out.” He turned and walked toward Capitol Plaza.
*    *    *
Special Agent Whitcomb suddenly had an earful of radio traffic. Jack watched and listened from across the room.
“What’s happening people? Sierra One, you have a view?”
“Negative.”
“Sierra Two, talk to me.”
“Sierra Two. I have a visual. Looks like a small explosion in the park. I see two park police on scene. Smoke from a trash can, some debris on the snow, little damage to the can. Sounded like a grenade simulator, or one of our flash-bangs from our position. I see no threats at this time. Several officers on scene now. A dog team. Again, no threats seen at this time. Over.”
“What the hell? James, you hearing anything?” Whitcomb asked.
James held up a finger for a few seconds while he listened to the police channel before replying. “They say it looks like an improvised device. A lot of bang and flash, but no real damage. No other threats present. They have the dogs checking the other trash cans.”
“Okay, everybody stand down. Hold your positions. Continue your scans and rotate crews on schedule. Probably just a protester trying to help his cause.” He spotted Jack watching in the corner. “Sound like your guy, Jack?”
“Not exactly. But...”
“But what?”
Before he could answer, his phone started ringing. He snatched it up.
“Jack? It’s Sydney, what’s going on?”
“Somebody set off some homemade fireworks. You guys find anything yet?”
“No. Well, maybe. I have a theory. We’ve found a lot of info on the crime bill the President tried to pass last year. It was shot down in the Senate. Anyway, we have a list of the senators and how they voted. Some names highlighted. We’ve also found some profiles of these senators. Leader of the pack is a Senator Harper. All the information we have here points to him being the reason the bill didn’t pass. We have little paper on the President, but a lot on this guy and his cronies, including a layout of their office building. Jack, what if the President isn’t the target. What if he’s after someone else?”
*    *    *
“I said this is Special Agent Jack Randall with the FBI. I need to talk to John Hoskins immediately.” Jack was on his third try at getting through to the Secret Service detail guarding the President. With all the confusion he was having little luck. His phone had a priority number, meaning he would not be dropped by the carrier due to call volume in the area. It did nothing to boost signal strength however. He could barely hear who he was talking to.
“I’m sorry, Mr. Hoskins is unavailable and will be for some time. Can I take a message and contact number?”
“Damn it! Tell him the threat is not to the President, repeat, not the President. He needs to locate Senator Harper and secure him as soon as possible. Did you get that?” Jack took a deep breath to keep his voice clear. The adrenaline tended to make one talk faster and become harder to understand. Something he had learned from an old artillery instructor years ago. The man could call in sixteen-inch rounds off a battleship, danger-close, and still sound like he was ordering a pizza.
“Yes, sir, I will see that he gets the message.”
“Okay.” Jack pulled the finger from his opposite ear and looked for Greg. He was across the room issuing orders to the HRT members present. They turned when he finished and headed for the stairs.
“Jack, I’m sending the gold team to the Capitol Building to augment the crew there. The senator is not in the chamber and the first sweep of the building has shown no sign of him. I have them repeating the sweep, but the man never travels alone, he always has a group of aides with him, should have been easy to spot. No answer at his office. I have someone tracking down phone numbers for him, but that will take awhile. He’s due at a meeting within the hour. We’ll know if he shows. I also sent the locals to his home. That’s all we’ve got so far.”
Jack just nodded his head while he tried to think. Instinct told him to start where the senator was last seen, but he would be long gone before he got there. Unless. The sounds of blades turning mixed with tail rotor buzz came from the roof.
“Greg, I need to go with your team.”
Special Agent Whitcomb had a sudden look of pain on his face. This was highly irregular and he would definitely get his ass chewed, but the logic of it made sense. He weighed the pros and cons. It was against HRT policy to take non-team members on any mission without approval, but he knew Jack, and Jack was the Director’s right hand. Plus, Jack had been chasing this guy for two months plus, he knew the shooter personally. That outweighed the cons. Jack would back him up when they were in front of the Director’s desk tomorrow. There was no doubt in his mind that would happen.
“Hold the bird.” Greg turned to one of the backup shooters. “Give him your vest and jacket. Damn it, Jack, don’t screw me on this. You are there for direction, not to do any assaults. Don’t do anything stupid.”
“Got it Greg.” He looked him in the eye after he donned the vest. “I won’t forget.”
“You better not. That’s gotta be twelve steak dinners you owe me now.”
“You and all your guys, I promise.”
“Get out of here.”
Jack took the stairs two at a time. When he emerged onto the roof he saw the little bird waiting for him, the team standing on the modified skids. He made for the open spot and one of the team handed him a thick set of gloves of a type he had not seen in some time. He looked into the interior to confirm his fears. Two large diameter ropes lay coiled and ready to kick over the sides. He looked at the team member who was checking his vest. The man tightened it with practiced movements until it was snug all around. He then handed him a set of goggles to keep his eyes from watering against the cold wind. He eyeballed Jack’s shoes. This was not a feat one usually did in office attire.
“You know what to do?” The team leader indicated the rope. Jack nodded with a lopsided grin.
The man grinned back and then took his place behind Jack. The bird became light on the skids with the pilot’s twist of the throttle. He then pedal-turned into the wind, and with minor movements of the collective and cyclic, the helicopter sped off over the Mall. Jack fought the numbing cold of the wind. It was only a few blocks to the Capitol. With no place to land safely, they were going to fast-rope in. Something Jack and his fear of heights had never enjoyed.
*    *    *
Senator Harper was getting short on patience. It was their third attempt at getting through the perimeter and he had finally found a security man who actually knew him. The older guards with seniority got the better duty inside where there was heat, while the new personnel had to brave the cold. He passed the senator and his people through with a wave while stopping everyone else. They made even slower progress now as the crowd was thicker outside the perimeter. While he could see the office a block away, it looked like a thirty minute walk with the traffic. He turned to ask an aide a question, but found them all on their cell phones. Typical. He buttoned his coat against the cold and made his way through the crowd, the engine of his own little people train.
*    *    *
Sam took his eye from the scope when he heard the tail-rotor buzzing of the helicopter. He recognized the sound from the inventory in his head, built from years of working around them. A small Hughes model 500—that meant HRT. He soon saw them circling the Capitol Building before descending to a hover near the reflecting pool. He swung the scope to check the make-up of the team, and was surprised to see two fast ropes fall to the ground. They were quickly followed by agents sliding to the snow covered grass. The last one’s clothes flapped in the downdraft as he descended. An expanse of white skin showed briefly from his lower legs as he spun his way down. Sam followed the man until he hit the ground and promptly fell on his ass in the snow. It was Jack. Sam couldn’t help but smile. What was his friend doing running around with HRT? He was obviously out of practice. He returned his scope to the bird as it left and saw two men lying prone in the door of the copter. A sniper and an observer. The little bird turned and went out of his field of view around a building. He returned to see the team having a huddle in front of the Capitol. After a lot of pointing and discussion, the team split up and headed for various buildings in the area, disappearing behind the various network trucks with their satellite dishes. Sam forced himself to look away from the image of Jack standing in the snow talking on his cell phone, and returned to scanning the crowd below him. Jack’s presence shouldn’t make a difference. He just needed to be patient.
—FORTY-THREE—
The state of Texas holds 166,911 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 111,830 are repeat offenders.


“My wife?” the President asked as he rose and placed himself back in the bench seat of the limo.
“She’s fine, sir. I have her in Senator Coffee’s office with five agents. The rest of your family is in the residence. Are you all right, sir?” Agent Hoskins asked.
“I’m fine, John, I’m fine. Little caught off guard by the tackle. What the hell happened?” The President looked out the window to see they had arrived at the White House. Several agents and a few uniformed Marines had the area surrounded. He looked out the windshield half expecting to see smoke coming out from under the hood. Someday he would have to ask John just what was powering this thing, maybe over their next cigarette, which he could use right about now. He brushed lint from his suit and straightened his tie. He noted the examining look from his chief agent.
“An explosive device, in a trash can somewhere in the park. They have the scene secure.”
“All right, I’m fine, John. Let’s get inside.”
Agent Hoskins opened the door and led the President out into the entry. He marveled at the man’s composure as he stood and walked purposefully into the building. John would offer no apology, and his boss would offer no thank you. They would talk about it briefly someday and that would be it. John had been doing his job as the President was now doing his. He watched as the President gave a wave to the cameras to show that all was well. A return salute to the two Marines at the door and he was inside.
John scanned the area one last time out of habit before speaking into his mic. “POTUS is secure. Repeat. POTUS secure in the residence.”
Only then did he look at his cell phone. Fourteen messages.
*    *    *
Sam was using every ounce of patience he had developed over years of being behind a rifle. He paused to rotate his neck to keep it from getting stiff. He adjusted the towel over the back of the chair that was serving as a rest. A minute ago, he had switched to the regular daylight scope. Even on its lowest setting, the night vision was overloaded with all the strobes in the area. He moved from face to face as the crowd trickled by, still no sign of his target. He would occasionally swing the barrel around to check on Jack. He was still on the phone, a finger in the opposite ear against the din of the crowds and circling helicopter. He appeared and disappeared in the sea of humanity growing around the Capitol Building. Sam returned his attention to the street in front. A slight breeze had come up, making the branches sway across his sight picture. Shooting through the glass would alter the trajectory of his shot slightly, but it could not be helped. Observers on the opposite buildings would notice an open window immediately. Fortunately, the range was very close. Unless the wind began to gust, or a branch got in the way of the bullet’s trajectory, he was confident of his ability to make this shot. He referred to the picture he had printed off from his earlier stroll. The downward angle was steep, but something he had practiced or done in the past. His other worry was bystanders. The swelling traffic of people was dense and his rifle was powerful. The round could very easily go through two people. Perhaps a chest shot would be more appropriate to avoid this? Center-mass as they used to say in his army days. In a war time a soldier shot for the largest part of the enemy’s body—center of the chest. In a hostage situation, death had to be instantaneous or the hostage taker may still have time to pull the trigger on his hostage, the brain stem at the base of the skull then being the preferred target. He would make the decision when he acquired the target and had already decided to make this a tracking shoot as opposed to an ambush shot. The foot traffic was at a slow crawl down the sidewalk, making this possible. If he could just make it a safe shoot. He blinked his eyes a few times and returned to scanning the crowd. He saw a tall man with a shock of steel gray hair, leading a party of five people through the crowd.
It was him.
*    *    *
Ron was bored. He regretted having volunteered for this overtime duty, as it looked like they were going to be held over now. He and his partner had checked out their truck early this morning, with their boss looking over their shoulders. He had been careful to make sure he checked everything. Having been a paramedic for over twelve years now, he knew the list by heart. Overtime was not something his wife enjoyed him doing, but whenever a special detail came down, his pager was always the first to ring. So he had found himself outside the Capitol Building for the last ten hours, waiting with the DC police for the night’s activities. They had only moved his truck once this year, better than last year’s four times. His partner was a young girl named Danielle. She had finally gotten over the excitement of her first State of the Union Address, and was now sleeping in the driver’s seat. He decided to go through the equipment bags to help stay awake. That only provided a few moments of distraction and he was soon gazing out the front window again. He debated stretching out on the cot for a nap but there were too many people passing by and he didn’t want to give them something to complain about.
He looked toward the front to see his partner reposition herself on the front seat. She didn’t exactly snore, but every once in a while her nose would whistle. The view out the windshield showed no sign of the lockdown being over. They were stuck here for a while. He grabbed a pillow before climbing into the passenger seat. He propped it under his head against the side window and watched the crowds go by.
*    *    *
“The pictures! Where did we leave them?” Sydney was at her table pushing papers around.
“Which ones?” Larry asked. He was pushing his pile around even though he didn’t know what he was looking for yet.
“The DC pictures, you know, the monuments and stuff.”
“You had them last.”
“Okay, come help me. I remember some that had circles around stuff. I think there was a map, too.”
A few seconds of frantic searching and Larry had the file. They spread it out as the others gathered around. A downtown map of DC showed several buildings circled in different colors of highlighter. Some numeric notations were present along the margins. The pictures were just pictures. Like any tourist would take of the various monuments and buildings along the Mall.
“What are we looking for?” Larry asked.
“Something out of order, different from the other markings.”
Larry ran a hand through his very messy hair for the thousandth time that day and looked at the map before him. He started thinking out loud as he was prone to do.
“Well, we have the Capitol, White House, and Senate Office Building all circled. The Justice Building, the Washington, Lincoln, and Jefferson Memorials, the Smithsonian and the Kennedy Center. What are these two buildings here and here? They aren’t labeled by the map.”
“This one is the Hay Adams Hotel.” Sydney pointed to the building across from the White House. “I don’t know what this is.” She tapped the other circle.
“It’s the Holiday Inn. It has a good view of the Capitol.” They all turned to see the security guard looking over Larry’s shoulder.
“The Holiday Inn?” Sydney asked. She had never played tourist despite her office being blocks away. Just hadn’t found the time yet.
“Yeah, it’s nice.” She shrugged.
Sydney turned back to the table and shoved papers until she uncovered her phone. “Tell the DC police,” she told Larry while it rang. “Come on, Jack, pick up.”
*    *    *
Sam was having problems. He had about pulled the trigger twice, but the shot was never safe enough. He continued to track the bobbing head of the senator as he wove through the crowd. He still had time. He forced himself to be patient. Traffic was starting to move again and the crowds were pausing on the curbs. That might be his chance. The glare of the strobes was still shining off the window and his optics. It was a distraction he could do without. The wind had also picked up a little, and was causing the branches of the trees in the plaza to sway in and out of his sight picture. He pumped his knees up and down a few times to maintain circulation. He didn’t want to get any muscle twitches. Besides, he was going to need his legs soon. Surprisingly, his stomach was quiet. The Senator would approach the curb in about one minute. Sam settled back into his shooting position. Be patient, he told himself.
*    *    *
Jack was standing next to one of the broadcast trucks, which had its generator running, and didn’t hear his phone ringing at first. He quickly snatched it off his belt and dropped it in the snow. Cussing himself, he pulled it up and flipped it open. The snow was cold against his ear.
“Yeah?”
“Jack, what the hell? It rang about twenty times.”
“Sorry, Syd, lotta noise here. What do you have?” Jack turned and walked toward the street to get away from the truck. His vest and jacket, with FBI in one-foot yellow letters, helped clear a path for him.
“Okay, listen. All the buildings circled are government except for two. The Hay Adams Hotel across from the White House and the Holiday Inn DC on the hill. It’s just stage left from the Capitol Building, and across from the Senate office building. You probably have it right in front of you. The rest of the circles are monuments. What do you think?”
Jack turned and looked up at the Holiday Inn. It was across the street and down about a half a block.
“I’ll call you back.”
Sydney just stared at the dead phone in her hand.
*    *    *
Running in the cold snow with dress shoes on while talking was not easy, Jack discovered. The traffic just made it downright dangerous. Seeing no other choice, Jack simply stepped out into the street and began running with the cars toward the hotel. He managed to place the phone in its belt clip while pulling out the HRT radio.
“Team leader, this is Jack.”
“I hear you, Jack.”
“We think he’s at the Holiday Inn DC on the hill. Can you give me a report on the windows?”
“Wait one...Sierra Three, can you give us any info?”
“Roger, I show the white wall lit up on every floor except white-golf-eight. North wall showing Blue-golf-one and two are both black. Have been for some time. Movement in all lit windows, no threats showing, people just watching the crowd.”
“Greg, he’s in that corner room. I need a team up there now!”
“Slow down, Jack. Say again?”
“He’s in that room on the corner. I need some help!”
“Jack, wait for my team. Don’t go by yourself. Where are you?”
Jack almost tripped as he ran up the steps past the surprised doorman. He pushed through the double doors into the building and slid to a stop on the tile. He scanned the lobby full of people.
“Jack?...Jack, where are you?”
“I’m in the lobby,” he answered. He ran toward the ding of the arriving elevator and replaced the radio with his Browning as the doors of the elevator closed. The crowd stared at him.
“Jack?”
Greg only got static for a reply.
—FORTY-FOUR—
The state of Utah holds 5,763 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 3,861 are repeat offenders.


“Sierra Three, do you still have a visual on the building?” Whitcomb asked.
“Affirmative TOC. Negative on your boy. Some disturbance around the front entrance. I believe he is inside,” the sniper replied.
“Damn it, Jack,” Greg said under his breath. He checked his map on the wall. It was covered in grease pencil markings, indicating the location of all his people. His decision was basically made for him. He keyed the mic in his hand.
“Sierra Three, maintain position and observe those windows. Bravo team, abort search for the senator and move to Holiday Inn DC. Secure a perimeter, no one in or out. Send three men to the seventh floor and locate Jack. Buster! All other units hold your positions. Acknowledge.” He threw the mic down on the table in disgust. “How the hell did Jack end up alone?” he asked the room. “Never mind. Call the DC police and inform them what’s going on. Get some help with the perimeter.” He picked up the mic and began answering the units acknowledging his orders. He fished in his pocket for the card Jack had given him. When he was through with the radio, he picked his cell phone off his belt and dialed Jack’s number. After hearing no ring, he pulled it away from his ear. The tiny green screen read No Signal. Perfect.
*    *    *
Jack had to stop and think once he was on the elevator. What floor did they say? Blue-Golf-something. He knew Blue meant the front of the building. So Golf was the floor. Alpha, Bravo, Charlie...Golf was the seventh floor. He pushed the button and was soon moving. He oriented himself for exit. He should go left once the doors opened, and then all the way to the last two rooms. Should he wait? Was there time? He wiped the moisture from his right hand and returned the Browning to it. He thumbed the slide back just enough to glimpse brass in the chamber. What else? Man, he was rusty. This used to come to him by reflex, now he had to think about it. The radio—he turned the dial down to off. The phone he had switched to vibrate already, nothing to make noise and announce his presence early. He tucked his jacket into his belt to keep the spare clips for his weapon exposed and scuffed his feet on the floor to remove any lingering snow as the door opened. He stuck his head out into an empty hallway and began moving down the long hall toward the last door. An exit sign and the stairwell door stared at him from the far end. How was he going to do this? This was not a one man job. He suddenly had a picture of a bowling alley in his head. He was on the wrong end.
*    *    *
“Damn it!”
Sydney fought the urge to throw the phone across the room. She had been getting the same No Signal message as the HRT leader for the last two minutes. Where the hell was Jack? She looked around the room to see everyone watching her. She had to hold it together.
“Sydney?”
She turned to see Eric holding out a cold Mountain Dew. She couldn’t help but smile. She took it from his hand and popped the top, rotating the tab out of habit before taking a drink. Something she had always done to differentiate hers from anyone else’s. What to do now? Think, she told herself.
“If he’s in there, we have him. FBI has the place cordoned off, just a matter of time,” Larry commented as he watched it all play out on the overhead television.
“Let’s hope,” Eric echoed.
Sydney looked at the screen for a minute before it hit her.
“Wait a minute. This guy’s too smart for this. When I was training at Quantico, we were doing the driving exercises in Hoover City. You know, the surround the bank with cars thing? I always got in trouble because I forgot to leave myself a way out when I parked. I was so busy thinking secure-the-perimeter that I forgot how to leave an escape for myself. If this guy is in there, then I’ll bet good money he has a few ways out. Let’s start looking for them.”
Larry scrunched his face up as he thought about it. Other than walking out the front door, he had never given much thought to the way he left a hotel.
“There have to be service entrances, loading docks, fire escapes. Is that building attached to its neighbor? What about the roof or exits not on the ground floor?” he asked.
“He could disguise himself as one of the help?” Eric chimed in.
“Yes, yes, any of those. See if you can find anything to support this.” Sydney waved them all back to their desks and computers. She then reached up and turned the volume down on the TV. Watching the tube would not help Jack. She forced herself to look away and start sifting through her pile of paper again.
*    *    *
Sam was holding his sight picture on the Senator as he approached the street. The wind had picked up a little more, and the branches were in and out of his view. All of the man’s aides were still behind him. That was good. Now all he had to worry about was someone standing directly behind the man when he paused at the curb. Five more steps. Sam now had his first full view of the target, obediently standing on the curb and gauging the traffic. Sam quickly left the head and centered on the man’s chest. His finger moved to the trigger and took up the slack.
*    *    *
Jack was outside and just to the right of the second-to-the-last door. He kicked himself for not grabbing a master key card from the front desk. He was out of options, except for one. He took one deep breath.
“Sam!”
*    *    *
The Senator had been about to step out into the traffic and force them to stop so he could cross, when a sledgehammer struck his chest. He spun against the blow, collapsing against the man to his right. His slow motion fall to the ground was punctuated by an ungraceful flop onto the concrete. Only then did his hearing return along with the pain. Pain like he had never felt. He gasped for breath as the sound of people screaming filled his ears.
“Senator!”
He looked up to see Layna, his youngest aide, bending over him. She pulled her scarf off and pressed it against his chest. Why was she doing that? He looked at her closely. She was really quite beautiful under her glasses and conservative attire. Why had he never noticed that before? She was close enough that he could see a bit of makeup on her cheek that had not been fully feathered in. Her earrings reflected the blue-red strobes of the many police cars. He took this and many other details in until his breath returned and he struggled to speak.
“What...?”
“Don’t talk, sir. You’ve been shot.”
Shot? Him? He was a United States Senator! Why would anyone shoot him? Wasn’t that a privilege reserved for the President? What was this taste in his mouth?
His hearing registered two more shots and the pain returned as he was dragged across the concrete. He found himself lying next to a cab with Layna over him. How had she done that? He weighed 240 pounds to her 110. Strong girl. His last thought before passing out was he would have to give her a raise on Monday.
“Somebody call an ambulance!” Layna cried through her tears. She stared at the blood on her hands. Why wouldn’t anyone help her? They all just ran away.
*    *    *
Sam had been startled by the yell from the hallway. Had it thrown off his shot? He didn’t dare look for fear of counter-snipers. He moved to the door leading to the hallway, listening as someone began kicking the door to the adjoining room in. The door lock gave on the third kick, but the safety latch caught it two inches later. Sam’s view out the peephole showed an empty hallway, so he took a chance and slowly unlocked and opened the door a crack. Whoever it was had now made entry into the room. It was one guy he realized, one guy who knew his name. Jack? He did not wish to meet his friend right now. He scooped up the gym bag he had placed beside the door and silently left his room for the stairwell exit. He could hear the inner door being assaulted as he took the stairs down. He would have to hurry.
*    *    *
The shot that punctuated his yell had been startling. Jack’s first reflex had been to hit the floor. This was soon replaced by the thought of entering the room before Sam could fire again. He scrambled to his feet and kicked at the door. His lack of proper boots for this was soon apparent, as the door held and his ankle was on fire. He continued to kick until the door gave, all the while waiting for the shot that never came. He tumbled into the room and scanned left to right. No lights, a TV on with no volume, the picture showing the mess just outside the Capitol. He took a breath and tried the connecting room door. It was unlocked, so he turned the knob and shouldered it open. The door promptly struck something and returned to strike him full in the face. He dove to the ground and rolled. Coming up to a kneeling position, he again swept the room. The door had struck a pair of dressers sitting in the middle of the room. A rifle lay on one of two chairs sitting on top. The cold air entered through the shattered window. The room was otherwise empty. He was just about to rise and assault the final door, when the familiar sound of a rifle round zipped past his head, along with the remaining shattered glass of the window. The crack was accompanied by another round. Jack hit the floor and fumbled for the radio Greg had loaned him. He had to wait for it to warm up and cue on the frequency. It took forever.
“Cease fire, cease fire! Friendly in the room! Greg, it’s Jack! Tell your men to cease fire!”
The command voice of the HRT leader was quick and clear. “All units hold your fire, repeat, all units hold fire. Jack, are you all right?”
“I’m not shot, if that’s what you mean. Can I get up now?”
“Wait one. Break. Sierra Three, did you receive my last?”
“Affirmative TOC. Cease fire on blue-golf-one. We are off target.”
“Go, Jack, you’re clear. What do you have?”
“Looks like one shooter. I have the rifle still in the room. Believe he left by the second door.” Jack rose and walked to the door. He opened it to find hotel guests in the hallway. He pointed at the nearest one.
“Did you see anyone leave this room?”
“No. What was that noise?”
Jack turned and looked through the safety glass of the stairwell door. He saw nothing. Looking back down the hall, he saw more people exiting their rooms and watching him.
“Everyone back in their rooms! Stay there until you are contacted.” He waved the Browning to punctuate the statement, and people hastily complied. Jack returned his attention to the stairwell. He paused to key the radio. “Greg, I think he took the stairs, but I’m not sure, I need you to secure and search every room in this hotel. I’m going to check the stairwell.” He slipped through the door and began creeping his way down. Greg’s reply was lost in static as Jack descended the first flight.
*    *    *
Sydney paced the floor with several documents in her hand. She had finally given up on the phone, and had been found an unoccupied outlet to plug the thing in to recharge. It had occurred to her that she may be killing Jack’s phone with the repeated calling. She was forcing herself to wait ten minutes, when a shout went up from across the room. She turned to see the view on the TV showing police cruisers making their way through the crowd around the Capitol Building. She searched for the remote to turn up the volume, but could not find it under all the paper. Larry finally just reached up and did it the old fashioned way. A young reporter was standing in front of the camera braving the wind.
“...confirming now that Senator Harper has been shot outside the Capitol building, where he had been attending the State of the Union Address. At this time, we are unsure of the extent of his injuries. The shot appears to have come from the Holiday Inn here on Capitol Hill. The building is currently being surrounded by police. I am told a total of three shots were heard. A window on the seventh floor appears to be broken. No word at this time on the number of shooters. The President has been at the White House for some time, and I am told he is not in danger. Both the Capitol Building and the White House were already locked down due to the explosive device set off on the Mall earlier. We are unsure if these items are related. I...I’m told we have to move from our present location. I’ll return as soon as we are back up. Jim.”
Sydney turned from the screen and walked away as the anchorman came on and began repeating what the reporter had just told them. She walked to the phone, seized it and yanked off the charger and hurriedly punched speed dial one.
*    *    *
The kinks in Sam’s legs were gone by the fourth floor. He slowed to see through the first floor window into the lobby. There were a few police at the desk, and some in the main entrance. Not enough to cover the large crowded lobby. He exited the stair entrance casually and walked a few yards to the kitchen entrance. He proceeded through the servers’ area until he came to the stairwell leading to the laundry facilities. He ignored the stares of the staff and scanned the room, looking for his target. Another door presented itself and he opened it to feel a blast of warm moist air. The smell of lubricating oil filled his nostrils. The old boiler room. While the hotel was modern upstairs, everything below was still from another time. He entered the room via a half flight of stairs. Closing the door behind him, he looked for a way to lock it. Nothing presented itself immediately, so he walked on, reaching into the gym bag. He soon found what he was looking for. A door in the far corner, steel with a padlock. It was labeled with a sign that read City of Washington DC Department of Transportation. No Trespassing. Without breaking his stride, Sam pulled a crowbar from the gym bag and stuck the business end through the lock. Applying all his weight, the lock gave way with a loud snap. Sam quickly pulled it free of the hasp and tossed it away in the corner. The heavy steel door opened to reveal a dark tunnel, man-sized, leading away from the room. Bundles of wires hung from the ceiling. The floor was damp. The faint sound of screeching metal could be heard in the distance. Sam pulled a large flashlight from the bag and punched it on. Its red lens was bright enough to illuminate the tunnel so he could see, but not bright enough to reveal his position from a distance. With one last look behind him, Sam pulled the door shut. He then consulted his wrist compass before setting off down the tunnel.
*    *    *
Ron had jumped at the sound of the gunshots. Years of service on the streets of DC had made him well familiar with the sound. He reached over and shook his partner awake.
“Get ready,” was all he told her puzzled face. He put on a pair of latex gloves followed by a cheap fingerless wool pair. This was followed by his hat and then his jacket. When he was done, he picked up the microphone and waited. His wait was short.
“Medic 11, Control. Respond to a shooting. Constitution and Delaware. Constitution and Delaware. 60-year-old male. Shot in the chest. Conscious and breathing. Scene is secure. En route 21:44.”
Ron pointed the way for his partner as he answered. “Medic 11. Responding.”
The crowd in front of their unit jumped as the lights and siren came on. The sea of people and vehicles parted slowly as they eased forward.
“What are you going to do?” he asked Danielle.
“I’m going to assist your intubation, control any bleeding, and then get a big IV started,” she replied.
“Good answer.” He rummaged in the dash clutter for his stethoscope before grabbing his portable radio. He turned the volume up full and clipped it to his belt.
—FORTY-FIVE—
The state of Vermont holds 1,944 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 1,302 are repeat offenders.


Jack made slow progress down the steps, pausing on every landing to gaze through the glass. His heart was thumping like it hadn’t in some time and he felt the sweat running down his back under the body armor. He saw people on every floor, but no sign of Sam and he eventually emerged onto the ground floor and entered the lobby. Making sure his credentials were showing, he approached the agents at the desk. They were questioning a pretty young girl and her boss. She looked close to tears.
“Anything?” he asked the questioner when he looked up.
“This young lady checked the man in. He’s using the name Dan Dorraugh. She’s unsure if it’s the guy in the deck.”
Jack reached in his pocket and unfolded a larger picture than the one in the deck. He also had a few with the different hair styles and facial grooming.
“Maybe that one,” she pointed.
“Look at the eyes,” Jack instructed.
“Yeah...that’s him. He was so nice, said his daughter was playing at the Kennedy center.”
“Did you see him leave just a short time ago?”
“No, we’ve been so busy. I’m sorry.”
Jack passed the picture to the girl’s boss. “I need twenty copies, in color.” The man left without a word, stepping into the office behind the front desk. Jack turned to the senior man. “Give a copy to all your guys and start questioning the guests. Search every floor and room. All the staff places, everything. Hold the perimeter until you have enough men. Keep it locked down tight. I’m gonna go look around.”
*    *    *
“Hey, I may have something.”
Sydney and Larry dropped their respective handfuls of paper and walked to stare over Eric’s shoulder.
“It’s another DC map, but I’m unsure just what’s on it.”
Larry leaned over for a closer look at the small screen. “Those look like the subway lines. The red ones are the underground and the blue are above. The squares are the stations,” he explained.
“Where’s the hotel?” Sydney asked.
Eric scrolled the map around the screen until the Holiday Inn was in the middle. “Looks like the nearest station’s over a block away. He’d have to leave the hotel to get to it.”
“Yeah.” Sydney bit her lip as she studied the map. “What are the dotted lines I see? This one goes from the hotel to the main line here...and here.” She pointed.
“Dunno.” Eric’s fingers flew on the keyboard and a legend appeared in the corner. “Looks like service tunnels.” He punched more keys and numbers appeared on the map at every line. “Those are tunnel depths.”
“Shit, that’s maybe two floors below street level. What do you want to bet that’s his way out?” Larry mussed Eric’s spiked hair. “The newbie does it again. Better get on the horn to Jack.”
“I haven’t been able to get through.” She turned and pointed to one of the office agents assisting them. “Run upstairs and tell the HRT guys this.” The printer next to her began spitting out a copy of the map. She pulled it from the tray and handed it to the young man. “Give them this. Go!”
She then turned and pulled the cell from her pocket again. The speed dial did its thing and she soon heard the welcome sound of it ringing.
“Come on, Jack, answer the phone.”
*    *    *
As they slowed to a stop, Ron hit the button on the dash-mounted control module to turn on his scene lights. They showed him a view he had seen too often in the past. The victim, the blood, the onlookers. His mind automatically took in the sights before him and cataloged them. The scene was safe for him and his partner. No other medical assistance was on scene yet. A fair amount of blood could be seen both on the snow and on the patient’s clothes. The man was still breathing, fast and shallow. He could see his breath in the cold air but there was blood from the victim’s mouth, not a good sign.
“Scoop and run?” his partner asked as she pulled on her gloves.
“Let’s see what all we’ve got first, may have to work him here. Traffic is too bad, even if the cops help clear a path.”
“Okay.” She jumped out her side and began offloading equipment. Ron exited the truck and walked to the man lying in the snow. He sized him up further as he approached. A young woman was holding the man up with his head to one side. Her gloved hands covered the entrance wound in his chest. He coughed and a fresh rivulet of blood traveled down his cheek. Ron pulled out his trauma shears.
“Back up a little people, I need some room. Miss, I need you to lay him down gently and let me in there okay?” Ron spoke with his medic voice. While soft-spoken, it also left no room for argument. The young woman did exactly as he instructed. Ron took up a position at the man’s head and quickly determined that a pulse was present, but his airway was in compromise. As if on cue, equipment bags hit the cold concrete on either side of him. Ron felt himself go into autopilot. The noise of the crowd and the sounds of the streets around him faded. He passed his shears to his partner, who without a word began cutting off the coat and shirt. His hands pulled the laryngoscope from the bag along with the tube he had prepared earlier. The scope he flipped on and set next to the man’s head on the left side, the tube went on his chest. He returned to the bag for the tube holder and checker. An assembled bag-valve mask appeared in the hands of his partner and the sound of the portable suction registered in his brain. The suction catheter was shoved under the man’s shoulder on the right side, along with a set of magill forceps. He was ready.
With a nod to Danielle, he positioned the man’s head in the sniffing position and held it until she placed her hand on the forehead to keep it in place. With her other hand placed over the victim’s vocal cords, she applied pressure to move the windpipe toward the back of his neck. This also served to cut off the esophagus should the patient suddenly vomit.
“Got it,” she voiced.
Ron let go and took up the scope in his left hand. With his other, he used his thumb and finger to open the man’s mouth. As expected, he encountered blood pooling in the trachea. He inserted the blade and elevated the tongue. Without taking his eyes from the view he had, he grabbed the suction catheter and cleared the blood until he was able to see the man’s vocal cords. At this point he returned the suction tube to its position under the shoulder, and grabbed the intubation tube that was within his view and deftly inserted it into the man’s mouth.
“A little right, Danny,” he instructed.
Danielle pressed the cartilage of the man’s throat to the right and promptly felt the tube pass through the cords.
Ron pushed the tube in until it was at the 23-centimeter mark printed on the side. He then pressed the 10cc syringe he had attached beforehand to inflate the bulb on the end of the tube, thereby securing it from anything foreign that may try to enter the lungs. Leaving the laryngoscope on, he dropped it next to the head on the left side and removed the stylet from the tube. He picked up the tube checker—they called it the Turkey Baster—squeezed it and placed it on the tube. It returned to its original shape without hesitation. He removed it and tossed it aside. His partner immediately attached the bag-valve mask and waited. Without letting go of the tube, Ron placed his stethoscope in his ears one ear at a time. The bell went over the stomach.
“Squeeze,” he instructed. He heard nothing. He moved the bell to the right lung and nodded his head. Another squeeze and he heard air enter and escape as it should. He moved it to the left. A bubbling sound was heard, along with what sounded like Rice Krispies popping. No real surprise.
“I’m in.” He pulled the scope from his ears and began looping the tube holder around the man’s neck, being sure to position the tube in the right corner of the mouth to allow for easier suctioning later. When he was satisfied everything was in place, he donned the stethoscope again and listened to the lungs one more time to be sure. No change. He eyeballed the CO2 detector and saw that it had turned gold. Good. He looked up and scanned the onlookers. He saw a police officer looking back.
“I need a path cleared to the hospital,” he barked.
The officer nodded and reached for the mic clipped to his lapel.
Ron turned his gaze on the crowd and searched faces until he found one that was suitable. A young man in a nice coat. He had a military haircut and his expression was one of curiosity other than horror. He was only slightly startled when Ron pointed right at him.
“You, I need your help. Come down here.”
The man hesitated for a second before complying.
“What do I do?”
“What’s your name?”
“Craig.”
“Craig, I need you to hold this bag in both hands and I want you to squeeze it like this every three seconds. You got it? Every three, just like this.”
“Okay.”
Ron watched as the man did exactly as he was told. Good. “You feel how hard you’re squeezing? If it gets any harder, I need to know immediately.”
“Okay.”
Ron turned to see Danielle placing a plastic wrapped dressing over the entrance wound. She used their largest tape to secure it. The wound was to the lower part of the left chest. Definitely the lung on that side, Ron thought, possibly the spleen, or maybe a major vessel.
“Let’s hope not,” he said to himself as he reached for the backboard and slid it over to lay on the man’s right side.
He looked up to see Danielle ready with another dressing. He reached across the man’s body and rolled him up on his side. Gazing over the shoulder he could see a large exit wound in the back, slightly lower and toward the outside of the entrance. His partner wiped it clean, slapped the dressing down and quickly sealed it.
His thoughts were interrupted by someone tapping his shoulder. He looked up to see a middle aged man holding the crying girl’s head to his chest.
“Is he going to be all right?” he asked.
He used the standard answer. “We’re doing everything we can. Do you know him?”
“Yes, that’s Senator Harper. We work for him.”
“Senator?”
“Yes, from Georgia.”
He turned and looked at Danielle. She just rolled her eyes and continued tightening straps around the victim.
“Shit,” was all Ron could say.
*    *    *
Jack tried to look inconspicuous as he strolled through the dining area of the hotel. Several people were engaged in a late night meal or business meeting. The jacket with the large letters over the obvious body armor was making it a lost cause. He scanned all the faces, and headed for the kitchen entrance when the phone rang. He had turned the volume up to its maximum setting when he was descending the stairs and it now cut through the conversations and soft music like a siren. He got several more looks as he clawed at his belt for the offending device. He glanced at the screen before answering.
“Yeah, Syd,” he spoke with his regular voice. Screw the diners, they were going to be pissed anyway when they found out they couldn’t leave. He continued his walk toward the kitchen entrance as her voice exploded out of the tiny speaker.
“Jack, where are you?”
“I’m still in the hotel. I yelled his name just before the shot and then I kicked in the wrong door. I think he escaped down the stairs, but I’m not sure. We have the hotel sealed off, and we’ll be going room to room soon as we have the manpower. Was it Harper?” he asked.
“Yes, looks like he got it in the chest, but I only know what I can see on the TV. Listen, Eric found some maps of DC. One is of the subway system, and there are service tunnels. One of which connects to the main line about a block away from that building you’re in. I think he may be going out that way. Can you find the basement?”
“Hold on, I’m looking.” He pushed his way through the double stainless steel doors into the kitchen area. He was met by several waiters with trays on their shoulders and busboys pushing carts. It was wall to wall people. Fortunately, he could see over most of them. He looked for exit signs, but saw nothing that looked like stairs. He made a quick decision. He pulled a chair out into the aisle and stood on it.
“Everybody listen up!” He paused as the heads all turned his way. “I’m looking for the basement. Where is it?”
As a group, they all pointed toward a large walk-in refrigerator. He looked to see a walkway around it leading toward the back of the building. He felt a tug on his jacket, and looked down to see a young man with the obligatory tray. It was empty.
“I’ll show you,” was all he said. With a practiced shrug, the tray fell off the shoulder into both hands and was then slid onto the stainless counter top. He then spun on the rubber soles of his black tennis shoes and walked toward the cooler. Jack jumped down to follow and almost busted his ass on the red tile floor. He had gone through several different environments today, and still didn’t have the right footwear. As he followed the boy he vowed to wear tennis shoes everyday from now on. He had almost forgotten the phone in his hand.
“Syd?”
“Still here,” she answered.
“Can you hear me?”
“You’re kind of broken.”
“I’m being led downstairs. I’ll probably lose signal. Do you have anything else?”
“No. All we can see is that you’re only a couple of blocks from Union Station. You think he may try that?” Sydney was screaming into the phone now, as if that would improve the signal. Jack had to hold it away from his ear to make out what she was saying. It was not the time to correct her.
“Anything to indicate he’s going there?”
“No, but if I had just shot someone, I’d be getting out of town fast as I could.”
Good point, he thought. “Okay, tell Greg upstairs I’m looking for this tunnel of yours. I’ll call you back. Keep looking.” With that he hung up the phone. He was standing at the top of a stairwell and needed his hands free again. He thanked the kid and replaced the phone with the Hi-Power. Keeping it out in front of him, he descended the stairs and was soon in the laundry room where the staff froze at the sight of him. He held up the picture and two of them pointed to another door across the room. He waved them all upstairs before he strode across the room to the steel door. The sign simply read Maintenance. No window. He reached out and grasped the knob. He slowly turned it until it stopped. At least it was unlocked. He took a deep breath and thought about what he should do. This was just what they told him not to do at the academy. It was a good way to get shot. He weighed it against all the time he had lost on the stairs and in the dining area. He also admitted he wanted to confront Sam alone. It might keep his friend alive.
“Screw it,” he voiced under his breath. With a strong tug, he opened the door and dived through it. He came up against the wall in a crouch and scanned right to left. A boiler room. As his eyes adjusted to the dim light, he noticed something shining at him from the corner. On a closer look, he made it out as a broken padlock. He gazed slowly around the boiler at knee height until he saw the door. It was open an inch. Jack approached carefully until he could feel the cold air escaping from the crack. He opened it slowly, wincing as the old hinges let out a squeak.
He waited for the shot, but it never came.
—FORTY-SIX—
The state of Virginia holds 35,067 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 23,494 are repeat offenders.


Sam paused when he heard the screech of the door opening behind him. It was some distance away, but its meaning was clear. They were coming. He returned to the task at hand and directed the red beam of the flashlight on the last remaining links in the gate. He would have brought bigger cutters, but he had to make do with what would fit in the bag he was currently using. His hands were beginning to get sore from the repeated strain. Another train roared by not four feet away as he cut the last link. He grabbed the chain link section he had cut free to keep it from falling onto the tracks. If this gate hadn’t had the steel plate around the hasp he would have been through some time ago. He was just glad they hadn’t used steel bars. With a grunt against the pain, he quietly set the fencing down. He then looked carefully behind him for a full minute, letting his jaw drop open to improve his hearing. Not seeing any light, or hearing any sounds of pursuit, he could only conclude that they were going to try to head him off, time to move.
Reaching into the bag, he pulled out a set of coveralls. They were not the exactly like the workers here wore, but as close as he had been able to find. They would serve his purpose. He consulted the compass as it glowed on his wrist, before grabbing the gym bag and beginning a slow trot up the tracks to the north. He rolled his feet, as he had been taught, when they hit the ground, and this helped reduce the sound of his travel in the echoing tunnel. He kept the beam of the flashlight aimed just enough out in front to keep him from stumbling. After ten minutes, Sam stopped to listen. He could just make out a voice. Sounded like it was being broadcast through a speaker. He was close. Turning off the flashlight, he proceeded slowly until he could make out the light of the station. When the stairs were in sight, he reached in the bag and pulled out the hard hat. Donning it, he walked directly to the stairs and up onto the busy platform. He was soon surrounded by late night commuters waiting for their trains. The voice announcing arrivals and departures continued to sound overhead. He scanned the crowd for a police presence, but did not see anyone resembling DC police or security. Walking quickly across the station, and using the map in his head, he soon located the locker. Pulling the key from his pocket, he exchanged the bag he was carrying for the one inside. This took only seconds and he was soon making his way toward the nearest bathroom. Once inside, he entered the large handicapped stall on the end. Inside, he stripped off the coveralls, hat and underlying clothes and donned the rolled up shirt, pants and suit from the bag. Over it all, he placed a long winter coat. The tie already possessed a Windsor knot, and was swiftly slipped over his head and snugged into place. He pulled a small tube of hair gel from his new coat pocket along with a bright orange sticker. Kicking off the shoes, filthy from the tunnel, he replaced them with a new set of wing tips. Sam smoothed his shirt with his hands, but the wrinkles could still be seen. He decided they would help more then hurt. He was going to hide in plain sight. Just another government worker who had stopped for a couple of drinks before catching the train home. Satisfied, he placed the bag on the toilet seat and exited the stall. Two men were studying the wall in front of them while they used the urinals. Another was just leaving. Sam shut the door and peeled the backing off the sticker. He carefully placed it over the crack of the stall door and smoothed it down flat. It simply read Out of Order. Perfect. Sam turned his attention to the sink. Wetting his hair, he then applied a large amount of the gel. After combing into the slicked back style he had seen on the street the day before he thought he looked like Michael Douglas in Wall Street. Last thing he did was place the glasses on his nose.
“Handsome devil,” he said to himself in the mirror.
He stooped to pick up the briefcase to complete his ensemble. A quick check of his pockets and he strode back out onto the platform. He headed left toward his train, swinging the briefcase as he went.
*    *    *
Ron jumped into the rear of his ambulance and then turned to guide the cot into the holding brackets. Once the cot was snapped into place, he reattached the bag and gave it two full squeezes. He needed help.
“Danielle, grab a cop. I need someone to bag him.”
“Okay.” She slammed the door and disappeared. It was suddenly very quiet and Ron was all alone with his unconscious patient. A knock on the side door startled him. He looked out to see a man looking in, his hands cupped around his eyes in an effort to defeat the tinted windows. He looked familiar. Ron reached out and unlocked the door. When it opened, he saw the face of the local fire chief. He wore a heavy coat and had a ball cap on. The cap bore the logo of the local firefighter’s union.
“Hey, Ron, need a hand?”
“Man, am I glad to see you. Take this bag will you? This guy’s got a through and through and I need to get some lines going.”
“No problem, where’s the gloves?”
“On the console. What size you need?”
“I’m a large man.”
Ron ignored the joke and got to the business at hand. His patient was bleeding into his chest and was already showing signs of shock. He needed to get some intravenous lines running fluids in to replace the lost blood. The oxygen line was attached to the bag and turned up to 15 liters per minute. The monitor leads were placed on the chest, and a cuff was wrapped around the right upper arm. He pushed the button on his monitor, and it started pumping air into the cuff for an automatic reading. From his IV kit, he pulled a tourniquet and quickly wrapped the other arm. He then lifted the foot end of the cot until he heard a click. He left it in place with the feet elevated as far as it would go. The volume on the monitor was already up, and the steady beep of the heartbeat could be heard, still fast and regular. He was digging in the IV kit again when the rear door opened. Danielle stuffed a young female officer into the back and slammed the door behind her. She looked around the rig, taking in the scene.
“Hey, Chief, what do I do?” she said to Stan.
“Grab a seat right there and put some gloves on. You know CPR?” Stan asked.
“Yes, never done it though.”
“That’s okay, I have enough for both of us. He doesn’t need it yet, but be ready. Take those shears and cut off the rest of his clothes. This is Ron. Do whatever he tells you to do. Got it?”
“Yup.” She was already working on the man’s belt.
As he prepped his equipment, Ron listened to Stan’s instructions, noting that he gave them without missing a beat on the bag. Danielle was now in the driver’s seat. She worked the keyboard briefly before dropping the truck in gear. The wail of the siren began its song as she pulled the truck around.
“21:52!” she yelled out of habit. He didn’t bother to answer as he normally would have. They were supposed to document their departure time, but Ron was a little busy at the moment. He looked down at the man’s arm and was disappointed to see no veins popping up. He yanked the tourniquet and tossed it on the seat beside him. The man’s excess fat didn’t help any. He was going to have to go with a central line. He discarded the two 14-gauge catheters he had pulled out and replaced them with the 16-gauge/20cc syringe combo he had rubber banded together earlier. He placed it on the man’s chest where he wouldn’t lose it, before reaching over his head for a 1000cc bag of ringers. This he spiked with a combination IV set, which he dialed to 10, its maximum flow setting. Once he had the line flushed, he clamped it and draped it over the man’s body. He then stuck a Betadine swab in his mouth.
“Switch with me, Stan,” he mumbled.
Stan gave two good squeezes on the bag before he and Ron stood and did an awkward dance around each other, until Ron fell into the seat above the senator’s head and Stan planted his considerable bulk on the bench seat. Ron ripped open the Betadine packet and swabbed the man’s right chest along the collar bone, turning it a burnt orange color.
“What can I do?” the young officer asked.
Ron looked at her as his hands assembled the needle to the syringe. He didn’t know her. She must be brand new.
“What’s your name?”
“Janice.”
“First, Janice, get rid of that gun belt and coat, you’re gonna be working hard here in a minute. Second, get in the cabinet over Stan’s head and get out that green thing with the rubber bulb attached. Hang it on that hook over your head.” With that, Ron unsheathed the three–and-a-half-inch needle and held it up to the light so he could see the bevel. The sight of it made her eyes bug out, but she did as she was told.
“Use the handle,” Stan instructed her as she stood. She took the advice, and grabbed the overhead bar to keep herself upright as the ambulance took a curve.
“Getting harder to bag, Ron,” Stan informed.
“I hear ya,” Ron replied as his fingers probed the chest looking for landmarks. He placed his thumb at the medial third of the clavicle and his index finger in the sternal notch. He looked at Stan.
“How’s it look?”
Stan leaned forward and gazed out the front windshield.
“Straight and flat for a few.”
He glanced at Janice, who was watching closely while she hung on to the overhead rail. Nothing like an audience.
Ron let out a deep breath and plunged the needle into the senator’s chest.
*    *    *
Jack had been feeling his way down the tunnel for some time when he tripped over an unseen object and fell flat on the damp concrete. Cursing himself for not grabbing a flashlight before he set out, he pushed himself to his feet. He could barely make out the entrance behind him, and had nothing but pitch black in front. He was ready to return for a flashlight when an idea struck.
“Dumbass,” he labeled himself for not thinking of it sooner. He began feeling the borrowed vest. After testing every pocket, he found the item he needed in the upper right Velcro loop. He pulled the small Maglite free and twisted it on. The beam pierced the darkness and revealed the floor he had just left, covered in black water and trash. He cupped the end of the light to limit its glow and held it away from his body in the event it prompted a bullet sent his way. He switched hands so the Hi-Power was back in his dominant hand, and proceeded down the tunnel. The noise from an occasional passing train allowed him to speed up his approach when he could. Again, the shoes were working against him. The hard soles echoed off the concrete floor, announcing his presence. He was even tempted to take them off, but the water and the temperature would have made his feet numb in short order. He just ignored it and kept on. He had endured far worse in the past.
While his eyes and ears concentrated on the tunnel, his mind asked if he had been smart pursuing Sam. Maybe he should have gone around, as he had instructed the agents back at the hotel. He had no communication. No backup. All of which was against procedure. He knew the truth. He was just not willing to admit it. He wanted to stop Sam by himself.
The noise of the last train was quite loud, so Jack turned off the light and waited for his eyes to adjust. A faint glow could be made out in the distance. He placed the flashlight back in its Velcro loop and slowly approached the light. Eventually he came to the chain link gate. An overhead light in the adjoining tunnel lit the area. He stuck his head through the large hole and gazed up and down the tunnel. He was about to step out when a train approached. He ducked back in and shut his eyes against the wind and dust as the train passed. With a fifty-fifty chance, he chose to follow the train.
Eventually he came to a station, brightly lit with a crowd waiting. He pulled himself up the steps and pushed through the waist-high safety gate. He expected an alarm or something, but only got a few curious looks from the waiting commuters. After scanning the crowd, he followed the traffic from an arriving train up the steps and into the main terminal. It was a sprawling complex with multiple levels. Ticket counters competed with coffee shops and a news kiosk for space among the seemingly thousands of benches and chairs. He looked up at the overhead screens to check the departures. Too many to track down. Had he lost him?
He was ready to call for more help when he saw a group of Washington PD approaching. He waved them over. He saw the lead man holding one of the pictures from the hotel.
“No sign of him, Mr. Randall. We have people at all the exits scanning the crowd as they leave. I’ve contacted the station chief’s office. He’s not there and they won’t shut down unless they have a written order from him. We’re working on it, should only take a few minutes.”
“A few minutes? He could be gone in a few minutes. How many men you have?” Jack couldn’t believe what he was hearing.
“About 30, mostly at the exits. It’s a busy night in DC.”
“Yeah, this guy is why! Never mind. Wait here a second.” Jack pulled the cell phone from his belt and speed dialed Sydney. She answered on the first ring.
“Jack, where are you!”
“I’m in the damn train station. Listen. This place is a zoo and I have minimal manpower. Have you found anything that indicates if he’s getting on one of these trains, anything at all?”
“Hold on, Eric’s looking.” There was a pause and Eric’s voice came on the line. She must be holding it to his ear, Jack thought. He could hear the keyboard clicking as he spoke.
“Jack? It’s Eric. So far all I’ve found are schedules with a lot of east coast destinations, both north and south of here.”
“Read them off to me,” Jack replied. He motioned for a pen and grabbed a discarded newspaper out of the trash. He wrote down seven destinations on the paper. The lead officer watched over his shoulder, and as each one became apparent, assigned an officer who consulted the overhead screen before sprinting off to find the appropriate ramp.
“Okay, is that it?
Sydney was back on the line. “That’s it, Jack. We don’t have anything else. Obviously they’ve put a lot of extra info in here just like the maps. Just in case we got hold of it. But what part is true and what’s just here to throw us off?
“I don’t know, Syd, I don’t know. They teach us to hide our tracks in school. Sam was an instructor. He planned well.”
“How did he know when he was going to be at the station? I mean they have trains coming and going all the time? We ran the credit cards we found and there aren’t any multiple purchases on the same number. The computer at the station isn’t showing any buys like that for tonight either. I’m at a loss.”
Jack paced the floor with the officer watching. It helped him think. He didn’t want to know how Eric had gotten access to a major transportation hub’s computer.
“Syd, what train leaves the most? I mean, what comes and goes very regular?”
“Hold on.” He heard her repeat the question to Eric and he tapped his wet feet while he waited.
“Looks like the shuttle to Dulles and the New York shuttle. Eric says you can buy a multi-pass for either one.”
“He wouldn’t go to Dulles...I’ll call you back.” Jack hung up and spun around to face the cop. He had been joined by a station security officer.
“The ramp to the New York shuttle?”
The man raised his arm and pointed. “Leaving in about four minutes.”
“You’re with me, both of you.” Jack turned and sprinted for the indicated ramp. The overweight cops struggled to keep up.
—FORTY-SEVEN—
The state of Washington holds 16,148 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 10,819 are repeat offenders.


“Damn it, why does he do that!” Sydney stared at the dead phone in her hand. “I swear I’m going to kill him if his buddy doesn’t first!”
“Calm down, Sydney, Jack’s a busy man right now,” Larry spoke from across the table.
She looked at him and immediately felt embarrassed for her outburst. Larry was often her voice of reason. “I know. I just hate it when he does that.”
“Best we can do is work on helping him. Let’s call Greg and get him updated. DC police, too. Eric, you have anything more?”
“Negative, but I only have a few files left to crack. Soon we’ll have seen everything.” Eric rubbed his eyes and cracked his knuckles before returning to the keyboard.
“I’ll tell them, you take a break,” Larry said as he headed for the stairs. The list of trains was in his hand, written in his own shorthand.
“Just sitting by the phone, feels like prom night,” Sydney groused.
*    *    *
Sam, too, was waiting. He had found a comfortable position with his back to a post where he could see the entrance stairs at one end of the ramp, and the gate leading onto the tracks on the other. He didn’t like his position. The gate only led to the tracks that then led to the surface. The stairs would be the most likely approach of anyone pursuing him. No doubt the entrances to the station were all guarded by now. The streets would be crawling with cops. The airports were out of the question. He needed the train and he needed it soon.
He casually swung the empty briefcase against his leg, and held the folded paper up as he pretended to read it. Blend in, he told himself. Resist the urge to watch the entrance. Just give it a glance once in a while. Be ready to move when the train gets here. Get a spot standing near the door. Be ready to exit as soon as you clear the DC area, he coached himself as he waited.
The pain came back without warning, nearly doubling him over. He fought it hard, but the cramping was like it hadn’t ever been. He used the pole for support and held on, determined not to call attention to himself. He felt the sweat break out on his face and his skin go clammy. He forced some deep measured breaths. After a full minute, the pain subsided enough for him to stand upright. He glanced at his fellow commuters, but everyone was too engrossed in their own little life on the ramp to have noticed. He reached in the pocket of the coat and retrieved the pills. Palming one, he tossed it back and managed to get it down without water. Some further breathing and the pain became tolerable, but didn’t fully leave. He pulled a handkerchief from the pocket containing the gun, careful not to snag the hammer and pull it free, also. The sweat was mopped from his forehead, and the glasses, which did nothing to correct his vision, were also cleaned before being placed back on his nose.
He had just adjusted the glasses on his nose when he caught some activity on the entrance stairs. An officer slowed to a walk as he reached the bottom. He began scanning faces as he walked toward Sam. Sam estimated only a minute or so before he got to him. The paper came back up to his face, and he watched over the top as the cop stopped and asked a young man a few questions. He referred the man to the picture in his hand. The man just shrugged and shook his head. Sam was so engrossed in watching the cop working his way closer, he failed to see Jack walk down the steps. He finally spotted him when he stopped halfway down and began scanning the crowded ramp. The sound of his train approaching could be heard. The one on the opposite side opened its doors and the population of the ramp began to decrease. Sam struggled to keep track of both the cop and Jack’s scanning gaze.
It was only a matter of time.
*    *    *
The needle struck the edge of the clavicle as intended, before Ron guided it around. As he worked it deeper, he was careful to maintain the proper angle and began applying negative pressure to the syringe. It made for an awkward hand position, but it was the tried and true method for placing a central line in the field. As the needle passed the two-inch mark, Ron felt a moment of resistance followed by a flash of dark blood in the syringe. He immediately froze his hands, and advanced his index finger, sliding the catheter over the needle and into the Senator’s right subclavian vein. When the catheter hub touched the skin, he pulled the needle from the catheter and placed his thumb, coated with Betadine, over the opening.
“Janice, hand me that tubing.” Ron pointed with his chin.
Janice quickly snapped out of her awe at what she had just seen and grabbed the IV tubing from the senator’s chest. Ron took it in his right hand and pulled the blue cover off with his teeth. As fast as he could, he uncovered the catheter and attached the tubing. The object was to get as little air as possible in the line. The man didn’t need an air embolism on top of his gunshot wound.
Ron looked at the tape strips he had stuck to the cot, but the movement of the ambulance had stuck them all down. He made a face. Stan saw the problem. With one hand still bagging, he reached into the IV kit and grabbed a fresh roll. He saw Ron had tabbed the end out of habit. Getting the first piece off was a bitch with gloves on. You needed your fingernails. He handed the roll to Janice.
“Three pieces, about four inches long,” he instructed. “That was very nice, Ron, I’m impressed,” he added.
Ron watched the drip rate. Just short of a steady stream, it was just what he wanted.
“Thanks, just wish I had some O-neg to give him.”
“They can hang it soon as we get there now.”
Janice was busily taped the lines down where Ron indicated. She noticed him checking the drip chamber with every strip. She was learning. He must be checking that it doesn’t kink, she thought. But he had just stuck a sword in this guy’s chest, and the chief thinks that’s a good thing? She would have to ask later.
“Still hard to bag, Ron,” the chief prompted.
“I’m on it,” he replied, pulling his stethoscope from his neck and twisting it around so it was in his ears correctly. He placed the bell over the left chest. The bubbling was much more diminished from what he had heard earlier. He cocked his head to check the depth of the breathing tube. Twenty-three centimeters—should be perfect. The man’s lung was collapsing. There was air, blood, or both, in the chest cavity and he had to release the pressure building up on the lung so it could expand. He pulled the scope from his ears and looked for the 14-gauge catheters he had discarded earlier. He found them on the cot between the man’s arm and his body. He opened two and laid them back on the chest. As he turned to dig in his IV kit again, he heard the beat of the monitor skip. There was no bump in the road to coincide with it.
“Better hurry,” Stan urged.
“It’s coming. Janice, I need you to move to the other side.” She quickly grabbed the overhead rail with both hands and stepped over the senator. A sudden lurch to the side threw her into the seat. Her head struck the padded edge of the cabinet. She felt the welt start over her eye.
“Y’all right?” Stan questioned.
“Yeah, I’ll live.”
“They pad em for a reason. Grab this bag for a second, one every three. We’ll check your head later.”
She grasped the bag in both hands and gave it a squeeze. She just naturally watched the man’s chest, and was surprised when only the right half rose. It startled her so much she almost stopped bagging. She noted the chief placing the wastebasket from the door bracket between the cot and the bench. The medic was pulling out another one of those swords. This one was a little shorter, but bigger, and still intimidating.
Ron pawed through the inventory in the kit until he located a three-way stopcock. He made sure it was closed and ready to fix to the end of the catheter. This time, he remembered to speak before he stuck the Betadine swab in his mouth.
“Let’s dance again,” he instructed Stan.
They both rose and switched places. Stan retrieved the bag from Janice and resumed the pace. The monitor began beeping more irregularly, as if urging them on by itself.
Ron straddled the trash can and placed it between his knees, holding it up to the left side of the chest. He paused to zip up his jacket. He pulled the man’s left arm up and over his head where Stan held it with a forearm. With Janice watching, his fingers probed the man’s ribs until he found what he wanted. Ron ripped open the swab with his teeth, this time getting a taste which he spit out. Janice leaned in to see what he was going to do.
“Don’t lean in,” Ron warned. “This might be messy.”
Before she could get all the way back, Ron stabbed the needle straight in just over the fifth rib. He felt the pop as he punched through the chest wall. The catheter flashed red. Holding it with a thumb and finger he removed the needle. A jet of air and blood shot out and coated the wall of the wastebasket. Its force was enough to splash out and onto the front of Ron’s jacket. The jet slowly reduced to a trickle, at which point Ron attached the valve.
“Better,” Stan reported after squeezing the bag.
Ron nodded as he listened to the chest again. Still sounded like crap, but at least the pressure was off the lung and major vessels. He pulled the stethoscope away in time to hear Danielle cussing the traffic in front of her. This was followed by the brakes and a couple of swerves, punctuated by the air horn.
“Time, Danny?” Ron yelled.
“About ten!” she replied.
“Too damn long,” Ron complained. “Push that button marked NIBP on the bottom left of the screen for me,” he instructed Janice. She searched the face of the heart monitor until she found it. The machine began pumping air into the blood pressure cuff again. Ron doubted that he’d get an accurate reading with all the bumps they were hitting, but he had to try. He couldn’t feel a pulse at the wrist. Ron stripped off his second set of bloody gloves and pulled on a third. He then reached around Stan for the radio. Flipping it on, he dialed in the proper frequency for the hospital emergency room. He looked at the IV bag. 700cc’s in and no radial pulses. Heartbeat was getting erratic. Oxygen saturation was still low. A pressure reading popped up on the screen: 76/42. The man was bleeding out somewhere internally.
“Stan, talk her through another bag of ringers, and this time use the infuser.”
He keyed the mic as Stan began instructing Janice with his teaching voice.
“George Washington-Medic 11.”
*    *    *
The train pulled into the station with the customary rush of wind and squeal of the brakes. It stopped just slightly off of the loading positions marked in yellow on the concrete. People gathered their belongings all around him and began gravitating toward the doors. The crowd thinned. Sam stood his ground and watched Jack. He was slowly scanning faces, but he was quite some distance away. As the number of people between them thinned, Sam began to move toward the doors. He hovered on the edge of the gaggle of commuters slowly boarding. There was no way around them without calling attention to himself, so he waited patiently, dividing his attention between Jack and the strolling security officer. The bell sounded, indicating one minute to departure. He turned the collar of his coat up and pushed the glasses up his nose. The train on the opposite side of the ramp began moving. The security man scanned the windows as it rushed past in a vain attempt to see the departing faces. When it was gone, he turned his attention to the crowds boarding Sam’s train. Thirty seconds. Most of the people were boarded. The ramp was almost empty. The doors started to close on the woman in front of him and he automatically stuck out an arm to stop them. As the woman boarded, he straightened up and turned his head slightly to check on Jack.
*    *    *
Jack forced himself to calm down, even though his heart was beating fast from the run to the ramp. He noticed the security guard was no longer with him. He wasn’t surprised. Judging by the man’s gut, he hadn’t run anywhere in some time. He glanced up at the overhead signs and verified he had the right ramp. Aside from a few support pillars, he had an unobstructed view. The crowd was thick when he had arrived, but was now thinning quickly as the commuters boarded the two trains. The one on his right was the New York shuttle. He concentrated his scan on that side, wishing he could tell the security man to do the same, but they had no communication. The one minute bell sounded.
“Whatcha gonna do, Jack?” he asked himself.
He could order all the trains stopped, but that would require leaving the platform and establishing communication with someone with the clout to get it done. Sam would be long gone by then. Maybe this was just another ruse to throw them off? Have the police search each train at its next stop? Again, not enough time to get the word out to all the destinations. Sam would most likely leave the train at the first opportunity. He would. Maybe there was enough time to stop just the trains that were in the computer Eric had hacked? He reached for the borrowed radio and was about to key the mic when his eye caught something.
About six foot or a little more, wearing business attire, and standing toward the front of the train. Could be him. The man was just waiting for his turn to board. The doors of the train tried to close and people fought them as they entered. The man quickly reached out to hold the door open for a fellow commuter.
It was his body language that did it. The man moved with the fluid motion of an athlete, or a soldier. Jack froze in place and ignored the question of the out-of-breath security man who had finally arrived.
As Jack studied him, the man rotated his head and looked directly at him. The hair and glasses were new, but he would never forget the eyes.
Sam smiled at him before turning and stepping onto the train.
Jack broke into a sprint down the steps. The train doors were all closed now and it was beginning to pull away from the ramp. The security man watched him pass with a look of bewilderment. Jack caught up to the moving train, but could not gain access. A few commuters gave him a puzzled look as he beat on the doors. He still had the radio in his hands, so he keyed the mic as he ran.
“He’s on the New York shuttle! The shooter is on the New York shuttle!” Jack yelled as the train increased its speed. He would soon be out of ramp. He looked over his shoulder to see the end of the train fast approaching. Steps and a railing could be seen on the rear of the car. Stupid idea, Jack thought, as he prepared to do it. As he drew even with the end car, he gauged the distance and leaped. The shoes that had cursed him for so much of the day failed him again as his feet struck the surface of the steps. He quickly skidded on the smooth soles, lost his balance and grabbed for the railing with both hands. The dirty rail slid in his grasp, so he quickly twisted and threw his body flat on the narrow platform. As he lay face down on the steel grate, his eye caught something following the train. He squinted in the dimming light to make it out as it bounced to a halt on the tracks behind him.
It was his borrowed FBI radio.
—FORTY-EIGHT—
The state of West Virginia holds 4,758 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 3,187 are repeat offenders.


Sam forced a path through his fellow travelers, making his way from car to car toward the front of the train. He got some frowns as he opened and closed the doors, letting in the cold January air. No one voiced an objection after seeing his size and the look he currently had on his face.
The look was well earned. Sam was not happy with himself. He had smiled at Jack for no reason. Smiled at him! It was just a reflex action one would do after seeing an old friend and being recognized. What the hell was he thinking? He had to get off the train and there were no stops planned for some time. He may have to gain control of the train. Something he had not planned on doing, and was unsure of how to go about it. He did know he needed to be up front, so that was his first priority. Find the guy who drove this thing.
He paused at the entrance to the first car as the train lurched and began a slight uphill climb out of Union Station. A few seconds later, the lights of Washington DC could be seen around them. The snow was still falling, but not nearly as heavy as earlier. His gaze fell on his own reflection in the windows. Even with the glasses and facial hair, he still looked like himself, albeit a paler, sickly version. At least Jack knew him. What were his current options? He was committed to this escape plan now. There were no options until the next stop. Jack’s radio and helicopters were faster than he could possibly run.
“Are you all right, young fella?”
Sam looked down at the bench he was standing over. He hadn’t noticed them when he had entered, but he now found himself looking down at an elderly couple seated before him. The man’s suit coat was a little rumpled and the shoes were worn. He gazed at Sam over a set of trifocals perched on the tip of his nose. A hat lay in his lap where he held his wife’s hand. Sam shifted his gaze to her to see a rosy cheeked face holding a friendly smile. A cane was grasped in her other hand, and she was bundled up against the cold much like her husband. Sam caught the smudge of ink on her wrist, partially hidden by a watch. A crude tattoo, just a number. Sam knew what it meant. There were very few of them left.
“I’m fine, thank you,” he replied.
“You look like the weight of the world is on your shoulders, son. Can I be of any help?” the old man offered. Sam felt a sense of gratitude. Here was a couple who had endured so much, yet here they were on a train, talking to a complete stranger, and offering aid.
“How do you know when something is over? When the time is right to end it?” Sam asked.
The woman looked at Sam for a long moment before replying. “It’s over when you decide, young man. No one can decide for you. You, yourself, have to make the decision to go on.”
The old man nodded and added, “If you are unsure of what you are doing, or if you are going to be successful, see it through to the end. I have found that is usually something worth doing.”
Sam thought about this. They couldn’t know his situation, yet the wisdom of the words couldn’t be denied.
“If it must come to an end, make sure everyone has closure,” he added.
Sam nodded. He turned his head to look behind him and saw some activity. People were all standing on the car behind him and moving toward the rear of the train. He turned back to the old couple.
“Thank you both, very much.”
He turned and stared out the window over the driver’s shoulder at the front of the car. Sam had made a decision. A new plan was now forming in his mind.
*    *    *
Jack stood in the corner of the car, scanning forward as the people filed past. His initial order had gotten only questioning stares on the first car. He had been forced to repeat himself louder. This got a few people moving. After drawing the Browning and holding it at high guard, the message finally got across. People were scrambling to comply now. As soon as Jack was sure Sam was not among them, he proceeded to the next car and repeated the process. When he reached the car Sam had been on, he paused at the door and peered through the glass. A careful scan revealed no sign of Sam. He checked his pocket for the pictures. He quickly found the face with the glasses. With it in his free hand, he struggled with the door until he entered the car. He was met with a few startled looks and several stares. He put a finger to his lips for silence.
“I’m with the FBI. I’m looking for this man. He was on this car a short time ago. Have you seen him?” He held the picture out at arm’s length and panned it around.
A young black man in a business suit was standing with his hand on the overhead rail. He slowly held out a hand for the picture. Jack let him take it.
“Yeah, I saw him on the ramp. I believe he went forward as soon as we all got on.”
“Thank you.” Jack pocketed the picture and raised his voice. “I need everyone to go to the rear of the train. Get as far back as you can and stay there. Now,” he added.
Everyone moved at once as if the captain had turned off the seatbelt sign. Luggage was pulled from under seats and coats were put back on. One young man had to be roused from his sleep, and a young girl was detached from her iPod. Both got the message after seeing Jack. As the last one passed, Jack moved to the front of the car and prepared to repeat the process for the third time. He tried in vain to see through the scratched and graffitied window into the number two car.
“No choice, Jack,” he muttered to himself.
He took a deep breath and pulled the door open.
*    *    *
“Sydney, will you stop the pacing, please? You’re making me tired just watching you.”
“I’m sorry, Larry, it just helps, ya know,” she replied as she wiped her sweaty palms on her pants again. “Why doesn’t he call? How can we help him if he doesn’t at least check in? I swear I’m gonna kill him when I see him.”
As if it were listening, the phone in front of Larry rang. He grinned at her before picking it up. The following conversation of yeahs and grunts on Larry’s end did not help her state of frustration any. They all watched as he scribbled a few notes on the notebook he always carried. Larry finally ended it with his usual flippant, “Okay,” and hung it up.
“All right, that was the Union Station security team. They say Jack was with them on the New York shuttle ramp when he just took off after the train as it was leaving. Evidently, he jumped onto the rear platform just in time. Don’t know what he saw, but it must have been our guy. They’re going to make contact with the train and have it stop somewhere that HRT can secure it safely. That’s the plan anyway. I need to see Greg.” He grabbed the notes and turned for the stairs, only to see Agent Whitcomb approaching.
“Do you have contact with Jack?” he asked. “He won’t answer the radio.”
“Not since he was at Union Station,” Sydney replied.
“I got a report that he jumped on a train?”
“Yup. The New York shuttle.” Larry looked at his notes, “Number 409, left about ten minutes ago. I was just coming to tell you. The people at the station are going to make contact with the train and tell it when to stop. They need a location from you. Any ideas where you want that to happen?”
Greg turned to a subordinate and orders spewed forth. “I need contact numbers, make up and description of that train, name of the person driving it, maps of the route and all stops. Get me time to the first one first, and a complete manifest. Go.”
Sydney pointed to two of the office people. “Go help them.” They grabbed their laptops and followed the man-in-black from the room.
Greg looked at the piles of paper on the tables. “Anything new you can tell me?”
“No.” Sydney pouted. “We’ve been through it all a hundred times. Eric has a few files left to crack on the computer, but this is all we have. Not that it will help much if we did. Jack won’t answer the damn phone.” She ran both hands through the tangled mess of hair on her head. “You haven’t heard from him either, huh?”
“No, just a couple of unidentified transmissions on our freq, just static and a few words. Could have been Jack. The radio he’s using is part of the homeland security net. We have a few relays in the station, but they aren’t all installed yet.” He paused and put a finger to the earpiece he was wearing. After listening for a few seconds, he acknowledged the transmission. “Good. Have the bird stay high and out of sound range. Don’t let the occupants see them, copy?” He looked up and saw the waiting faces.
“One of the birds located the train and is trailing it. I need to go upstairs and game-plan the stopping point. I’ll keep you up.”
“Same here,” Larry replied.
They all watched Greg leave, armed to the teeth, but with a finger in his ear again, his boots echoed off the tile.
“Hey, guys?”
The room’s attention turned to Eric. He had never stopped tapping the keyboard. Even through Greg’s short visit.
“You have something, Eric?” Sydney inquired.
“Yeah. A letter.”
“I’ve seen the letter, Eric. I have several copies. We need something new.”
“Not this letter. It’s different”
“Different how?” Larry asked.
“It’s personal. Addressed to Jack, and signed by Sam.”
*    *    *
“This is GW, Medic 11, go ahead.”
“GW, Medic 11. Currently en route to you priority one with a sixty-year-old male. A and O times zero. Gunshot wound to the left lower chest. This will be from an unknown rifle, through and through. External bleeding is controlled. Patient is intubated at this time and has been decompressed on the left with frank blood. Last pressure of 76 systolic. GCS of 3. He’s starting his second liter of ringers via central. ETA of...” Ron let up on the mic. “Time, Danny?”
“About six!” she yelled into the windshield.
“...about six,” Ron finished.
Ron tossed the mic down on the shelf as the hospital answered, “Good copy 11. Trauma alert. See you in six, Ron.”
Stan smiled at that. “Good to be well known, huh? Must be that deep voice of yours.”
“It’s my high level of testosterone. That was Art on the other end. He’ll have everything ready and still meet us at the door. How’s our guy doing?”
“Still bagging okay. How’s the line, Janice?”
Before replying Janice added a couple of pumps to the infuser. Nothing more than an inflatable bag that surrounded the IV bag, it supplied pressure to the line, making it flow faster than gravity alone would provide.
“Still flowing, 300cc’s in.”
“Okay, as long as we don’t get any more changes, we might just have a chance,” Ron spoke his thoughts out loud.
At that point, the steady beep of the heart monitor fell out of rhythm.
“Damn it.” Ron grabbed for the pouch on the back of the monitor and pulled a large foil envelope from it. He made sure it had red trim before ripping it open and pulling out two large pads with wires attached. He quickly plugged the wires into the monitor and then peeled the backing off the pads themselves. One he applied to the right chest, just under where he had earlier stuck the central line in. The other he placed just above the catheter he had stuck in the left ribs.
“Turn that monitor my way, Janice.”
She quickly complied and Ron saw what he had feared. His patient was showing signs of ventricular fibrillation. The heart rate was fast and erratic.
“Stan, get in my drug box.”
“Epi and Atropine?”
Ron pulled his attention from the monitor. The heart was not doing well. Like everyone else’s, it required a steady supply of blood and a system with no holes in it. The senator was losing blood and the only thing he had to replace it was IV fluids, fluids that did not carry oxygen. The heart was starting to complain, and it was showing on his monitor.
“Yeah, hand them to her. Janice, I’ll take the bag. Listen close, it’s about to get interesting,” he told her.
Stan opened the drawer with one hand as his other kept a tight grip on the overhead rail. He began handing her colored boxes she had only seen before in books.
Without taking his eyes off the monitor Ron began giving instructions. They were simple and easy to follow.
“Grab one of the tan boxes. It says epinephrine and which end to open right on it. Open it up and you’ll find a glass vial and a plastic syringe. It’s capped so you won’t get stuck.” He paused while she extracted the contents. “See the yellow caps on the ends of both pieces? Hold them in your fist with the yellow parts up and flip them off with your thumbs.” The yellow caps popped as they flew across the stretcher and hit Stan in the chest.
“Perfect,” Stan yelped. “Johnny and Roy.”
Ron ignored the inside joke. “The two pieces will screw together now. You see it?”
“Yeah,” Janice replied as she mated the two together. “Now what?”
“See the IV line? It has a Y port in it with a little screw fitting. It’s blue. Pull the yellow cap off the end of the syringe and it will twist onto the blue part. Don’t do it yet, just look.”
“I see it.”
“Okay, be ready to do the same with the other ones. When you push it, you just attach the syringe like I told you, and then you pinch off the line above it. Hold that while you push and then release it when you’re done. Got it?”
“Pinch the line, push the drug, and release the line. I got it. Should I be the one doing this?” she asked.
“We’re both gonna be busy and I don’t have time to teach you the monitor. I won’t let you screw up. I promise,” Ron assured her.
“Ron, look,” Stan prompted. The monitor was beeping again.
Ron saw the end of a run of V-tach followed by an erratic beat. Ron reached out and adjusted the gain. At that point, the beeping increased and a chaotic pattern appeared on the screen.
“V-fib!” Ron announced.
To Janice’s horror, the chief balled up a fist and punched the senator in the chest.
—FORTY-NINE—
The state of Wisconsin holds 22,614 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 15,151 are repeat offenders.


Jack quickly entered the car and moved to one side. He kept his gun low and to his side but the body armor and jacket still drew the attention of those on the car. The blast of cold air also distracted a few travelers from their reading and laptop computers. Jack just nodded at them as he scanned faces. He was about to make his announcement when he caught a face at the front of the car looking back. The man slowly removed his glasses. It was Sam. They stared at each other for a long moment. Jack cocked his head in a silent question.
Please, Sam?
Sam frowned and shook his head—No.
Jack watched as Sam disappeared from his view by sitting on the bench seat close to the door. Beyond it, he could see the train operator through heavy glass. He raised the pistol and adopted a two-hand grip.
“FBI! I need everyone off this car now. Leave your things and move to the back of the train. Do it now!” Jack stepped up onto a chair in an attempt to see over the people all standing and exiting. He still couldn’t see Sam. An elderly man stood and seemed to be talking to him. A wall of thin sheet metal blocked his view. He could shoot through it if he had to, but he didn’t know if Sam was alone on the other side. He had no choice but to wait.
*    *    *
Sam sat calmly as the elderly couple stood. He offered an arm to aid her.
“Aren’t you coming, young man?”
“He’s here for me, ma’am. Please do what he says. Everything will be all right.”
“Are you sure, son? There are better ways,” the old man offered.
“It’s okay, sir. It’s time for this to end. That man, he’s a friend.”
The old man turned and calmly sized up the FBI agent. He took his time and studied Jack’s face. He had no fear of being between them, Sam saw. He had the calm of a man who had accepted death a long time ago.
“A good friend?” he asked.
“The best,” Sam replied.
“Make sure you help him, too.” The woman shook a finger.
“Yes ma’am, I will.” Sam grinned.
The couple turned and walked toward the FBI agent, her hand in his. Sam followed what could have been until they were out of sight. He felt a slight pang of jealousy. He reached into his coat pocket and pulled out the 9mm. He ejected the clip into his hand and contemplated it. Feeling the train lurch as it slowed, he sat and listened as the door to the car opened and closed. He heard the old man say something he couldn’t make out. Placing his hand in the coat pocket with the clip, he began thumbing the rounds out. Stopping when it was empty, he then replaced it in the Browning. Thumbing the slide back, he ensured there was still one round in the chamber. He craned his neck around to look out the window. Looked like an industrial area. Smoke stacks and warehouses, lots of space. Good a spot as any.
“Jack?”
“I’m here, Sam.”
“Don’t shoot yet, okay?”
“Okay, but...”
Sam pointed the gun at arm’s length at the glass, paused so Jack could see it, and fired.
*    *    *
Mary had been running the shuttle for over four years, and was puzzled by the order on her screen to slow down. Nevertheless, she did so immediately. She was not due to stop for some time and slowing would throw her arrival time back, but there was probably someone blocking the tracks. She had quit looking through the rear glass years ago and since the security door was installed after 9-11, had stopped worrying about her passengers entering the cockpit. She was just reaching for the microphone to call and ask why when the blast of the gun filled the car and she was showered in glass fragments. She jumped at the sound, but was held up short by her seatbelt. A deep breath was taken in preparation for a scream, when a voice cut her off. She found herself gripping the controls until her hands were pale.
“Stop the train!” the voice commanded. “Now!”
She obediently yanked back on the throttle and engaged the brakes for an emergency stop. The train lurched forward as the brakes caught and glass rained down from her hair and shoulders. She made herself as tiny as she could in the chair. Her world was suddenly very small. Encased in steel, with her only exit blocked, she had nowhere to go. She turned her head slowly as they came to a stop. She saw a large man alone on the bench seat behind her. He gave her an encouraging nod. She was about to ask him what was happening when she saw the gun in his hand. He put a finger to his lips in an order of silence. She nodded in silent compliance and pulled her head back into the cockpit where the smell of the brakes was making her eyes water. She stared out the front of the train, but saw only empty track. Forcing herself not to panic, she returned her breathing to normal. There was nowhere to go. Her eyes wandered over the controls of the train. She named them in her head to help stay in control of her emotions. Gauges, meters, lights, radio. Radio? She slowly moved her foot and felt for the transmit button on the floor. It was always set to its max volume to be heard over the noise. Convinced they would hear her and hopefully figure it out, she pushed the button and held it down. She didn’t dare speak. The man behind appeared to be talking to someone in the car. She hoped the microphone was sensitive enough to pick up the conversation. There was nothing left to do. The picture of her daughter she kept on the dash caught her attention. She studied the young face as she held down the switch and prayed.
*    *    *
“Where is he?” Sydney asked again.
“My people have spotted him on the train. He’s removed everyone from the front and is on the first car with the driver and one man who matches the description of the shooter,” Greg replied. “The train has stopped, and I’m deploying people around it, but it will take a few minutes. I’ll keep you informed.” He hung up.
“Screw this,” Sydney exclaimed and headed for the stairs. “Eric, you’re with me. Bring the laptop.” Eric scrambled to comply.
“Sydney, don’t go up there mad. Greg will toss you out and you know it,” Larry advised.
“I know. I’ll cool off by the time I get there. He didn’t even give me a chance to tell him about the letter,” she answered. Sydney continued her march toward the stairs, but was stopped short by an image on the overhead television. The train could be seen stopped in the middle of what looked like an industrial area. As the helicopter circled the train, a smokestack occasionally flashed across the screen. Other helicopters could be seen, and a searchlight from the nose of one lit up the train, turning night to day.
“Look at the front window. Is that a bullet hole?” Larry asked.
Sydney strained her eyes to see, but couldn’t make it out as the picture angle changed. Larry changed the channel and a different view popped up. This one showed a steady picture that slowly panned across the windows of the train. A man in a long dark coat could be seen sitting toward the front. Another man was at the rear of the car with a gun clearly seen in his hand. The man rotated his body and the letters on his jacket became visible.
“It’s Jack,” Sydney voiced. “What the hell is he doing?”
At that point the picture was lost as the helicopter pulled away. An image of a State of Maryland police helicopter filled the screen briefly and then was gone. An announcer, seated behind the news desk, began to explain the scene to those who just saw it. Evidently the police had seized control of the airspace over the train.
“Damn it!” Sydney yelled at the smiling woman on the screen. She spun on her heel and walked to the stairs. Again, Eric struggled to keep up.
“Let her go,” Larry told the room of people once the door swung shut behind the two of them. “Not like anyone could stop her anyway.”
“Sir?”
Larry turned to see one of the office crew holding a phone with her hand over it. She had a curious look on her face.
“Yes, what is it?”
“I have Transit Authority on the line. They say they can hear what’s happening on the train and they want to know who they should connect with?”
Larry’s eyes bugged out with the new information. How the hell...? Never mind.
“Me,” he said and quickly walked to the phone.
*    *    *
Ron stared at the screen, hoping to see a change. When nothing happened, he began programming the monitor. Janice let go of the IV lines when she heard the distinctive sound of the charging capacitor. She had seen enough television to know what that meant.
When the numbers had finished scrolling up to 120, Ron put his finger next to the button and turned his head to see if anyone was touching the senator. A quick scan showed Stan with his hands in the air, and Janice holding onto the cabinets to keep her seat. The IV was swinging around as usual, but that couldn’t be helped. It was safe.
“Clear?” he voiced.
“Clear!” Stan echoed.
Ron’s finger moved to the button and pressed it. As the senator’s body shivered on the stretcher, Ron’s eyes were on the screen. The large spike of the defibrillation was followed by a short period of flatline, before returning to V-Fib. He began programming again. The shrill sound of the charging capacitor was accompanied by more cursing of the traffic from the front end. Ron again placed his finger next to the button to avoid shocking his partners with an accidental defibrillation.
“150. Get ready with that epi. Clear?”
“Clear!” they both echoed this time.
The senator shivered again and all eyes turned to the monitor screen. The spike was followed again by the flatline, only this time it stayed.
“Damn it. Asystole. Start CPR and push that epi now.” Janice scrambled to catch the flying IV line as Stan placed his hands on the chest and took up a steady rhythm. Ron placed two fingers on the left carotid artery and was rewarded with a faint pulse. He watched Janice push the drug into the port and release the pinched line. The chamber showed a steady stream.
“Good pulse with the CPR, Stan. Janice, go ahead and push the atropine now. It’s the purple box.” Ron checked the chest as he continued to squeeze the bag. Good equal rise and fall still. Little harder than a minute ago, but that could just be his adrenaline pumping. He bagged some more as Janice pushed the atropine. The monitor showed rhythmic spikes that were off the capacity of the screen. He waited to see a change as the drugs made their way to the heart. He made a note of the time and forced himself to wait a full minute while Stan broke out in a sweat. CPR was hard work.
“Stop for a sec, Stan.” Stan collapsed back onto the bench seat and looked at the monitor screen. Janice craned her head in an attempt to see, but the moving ambulance stopped her. She gave up and watched the chief pull the shirt out of his belt and wipe the sweat from his face. Ron changed the lead selection on the monitor, but found the same thing in all three.
“Still flat, back on the chest. Janice, check the clock and push another epi and atropine in one minute.”
“Got it.” She deftly snagged the IV line out of the air and held it between her knees as she opened another box. Stan picked up the rhythm again on the chest. Sweat was already dripping off his brow onto the patient.
“What do you think?” he asked.
Ron shook his head. “Not sure, but my guess is he nicked something and he’s bleeding out somewhere. Chest rise is okay, so I’m not sure where it’s going. Abdomen maybe? Hard to tell since he’s so fat. Soon as she gets that round in, I’ll try pacing him.”
“Okay, getting a pulse with this?”
Ron placed his fingers at the neck again.
“Fainter.” He looked up at the bag. The drip chamber no longer showed a steady stream, the flow was now slower. It should be faster with the CPR. What the hell was going on?
—FIFTY—
The state of Wyoming holds 1,872 inmates in its prisons.
Approximately 1,254 are repeat offenders.


It had taken every ounce of self control Jack had to not fire on Sam through the sheet metal partition. Sam had given him enough time to see the angle of the shot, and he’d determined that the window was the only thing in the way just as Sam had fired. The woman’s scream and the orders from Sam had Jack confused. Why was he stopping the train here? He had to know that they had police all around. Was he just choosing the time and place? Trying to stay in control as long as possible?
The train became very quiet as it came to a full stop. The sounds of the helicopters overhead were distinctive, and Jack was blinded by the occasional spotlight sweeping across the car. Fortunately, the lights stayed on inside the train and made them visible to the outside. He looked out the right side, only to see the vague outline of buildings and a few lights. Most was lost in the reflection of the interior of the car off the glass. He returned his gaze to the front of the car to see Sam still sitting quietly in the bench seat. The khaki clad knees and leather office shoes protruded from behind the partition. The silence was deafening.
“Sam?”
“I’m here, Jack.”
“I’m sorry about Sara and Katie. I was out of the country, or I’d have been there.”
“It’s okay, Jack. I’m sorry too.”
“You wanna get some coffee and talk about it?”
Sam grinned to himself. “No, I’m good right here.”
Jack’s mind raced for something to say. This was his friend. Why was this so hard?
“Paulie’s in the Marine Barracks at Quantico. I didn’t want anything to happen to him.”
“I appreciate that, Jack.”
Another long pause. They both listened as the helicopters circled. The lights from some news cameras could be seen on a nearby bridge. Sam broke the silence.
“When did you know it was me?”
“I thought of you when I saw the Ping shoot. The range and elevation was the killer. But the check on all ex-military snipers was delayed. I should have known better.”
“Yeah, that was a hell of a shot. Is the cop okay? Didn’t mean to do that.”
“On a desk for a few weeks, then he’ll be back at it. Just like the army, remember?”
“Motrin, light duty?” Sam stated.
“Yeah, the cure-all.”
They sat through another awkward pause. Jack felt for the radio before remembering it was gone. What now? The HRT team had to be in place by now. Jack shifted his position so the letters on the back of his jacket were easily visible. Keep him talking.
“I talked to your doctor. Says you could still have a chance if you start treatment again.”
“Yeah...”
“Seemed like a nice guy. Spoke well of you,” Jack added.
“Yeah...good guy.”
“Sam, lemme take you out of here. They’ll put you in a nice federal country-club prison with a hospital. You can fight the cancer.”
Sam smiled at his friend’s attempt to talk him out. “You need one of your fancy negotiators, Jack, you suck at this.” He laughed.
“You think?” Jack couldn’t help but laugh with him. He was right. The more he laughed the funnier it got, until they were both laughing loud and hard.
*    *    *
The sound of the laughter coming from the speaker made everyone in the room stop and listen.
“What the hell is going on?” Sydney asked the room.
“Sierra Three, are you in position?” Greg was busy surrounding the train with HRT members. A blown-up map of the area hit the table and two agents ticked off the positions of the team surrounding the train. Sydney didn’t get an answer to her question.
“I can only hear the guy he’s talking to,” Eric offered in a whisper. “Can you make any more out?”
“No.” She bit her lip and pouted at the overhead TV screen. Smaller than the one downstairs, she was having trouble seeing any details. Another one was carried in and set on the table. A green-tinted picture of the train could be seen.
The radio squawked. “Sierra Three in position. You should have our picture. We are camera-right with a clear view from the east. I can make out both parties.”
Sydney took a step toward the phone in an effort to hear better, but was blocked by a passing agent toting a sub-machine gun. She let him pass before striding purposefully into the gap, snatching the phone off the cradle and holding it to her ear. She glared at the agent across the table, who wisely closed his mouth and looked at his boss.
Greg just shook his head at the agent and waved him back to work. He keyed the mic to talk to Sierra Three. “Roger Sierra Three, do you have a clear shot?”
“Affirmative, all three parties.”
Greg held up a hand to silence Sydney before she could protest. “Understand Sierra Three. Be advised that one of the parties is FBI, and one is the driver of the train, a civilian. Acknowledge.”
“I copy. One agent, one civilian. I can clearly see the driver. Black female. Thirties. Seated behind the wheel in the forward compartment. One white male, seated with his back to me. Blond hair, dark coat. Approximately three feet to the rear of the first party. Third party is white male, standing, black hair, dark jacket, handgun drawn. He’s standing about six feet from the back of the car facing forward. He’s turning. Subject is wearing an FBI jacket. That our boy?”
“Affirm. Your target is the man seated in the dark coat. Basic rules of engagement apply. Do not fire unless you see a hostile threat. We have audio on the car. We’re going to give Jack a chance to bring him out. All teams acknowledge.”
“Sierra Three, we copy.”
“Sierra Two, west side of the train. We copy.”
“Sierra Four, airborne, we copy.”
Greg tossed the radio down in disgust. Now he had a bona fide hostage situation, a trapped subject with two hostages and unknown firearms. A fugitive on the run was dangerous enough. Once they were cornered, the danger only multiplied. And this man was a professional. That could work both ways. Most pros in this business knew when they were beat. What bothered Greg was the cancer bit. If this guy had nothing to lose, this could get ugly.
“What are they saying?” he asked Sydney.
She pulled the finger from her other ear before replying, “I’m not sure. Some talk about some friends. Ft. Bragg. Still a lot of laughing. I...I don’t know.” She replaced the finger and continued to listen.
Greg watched it all on the TV. He was more than happy to let them talk all night if they wanted. Nobody was going anywhere. He looked over his shoulder at Eric.
“Did you have something to show me, son?”
“Oh, yeah. I’ve got his laptop here. We’ve been cracking it for the last half-a-day, and just a few minutes ago we found this letter written to Jack.” He laid the laptop down on the map and began pounding the keyboard.
“Sir?” One of the agents working the map.
“Yeah?” Greg answered.
“If they have a clean shot, why are we waiting? This guy already shot the senator.”
“One, are you sure it was him? Two, I pulled his file. His name is in the author section of your sniper handbook. Call it professional courtesy if you like, but I’ll give Jack a chance before I greenlight taking him down. He knows we have him. We wait,” Greg answered.
“Here it is. You better read it.” Eric slid the laptop around so Greg could see it.
With a last look at the TV, Greg leaned in and began reading.
*    *    *
“Epi and Atropine are in!” Janice announced.
“Okay, get ready to do it again.” Ron turned the dials on the monitor. “Stop for a minute, Stan,” he added.
The screen went back to flatline as Stan stopped chest compressions. Ron watched for a moment as he continued to bag. No change, the line remained flat.
“I’m gonna try pacing him, guys. Janice, he’s gonna start twitching. It’s okay to touch him and the IV. You won’t get shocked. Understand?” Ron set the rate for 80 before turning on the pacer. He quickly dialed up to 140 milli-amps, the maximum output the monitor could deliver. No reason to mess around. He’d “go big or go home,” as they liked to say.
He glanced at Janice to see her watching the senator’s body jump in rhythm on the stretcher. Stan had a couple of fingers at the neck. He looked at the screen and saw that he had electrical capture. Now if only the heart would follow.
“Anything?” he asked.
“Nothing here,” Stan said with a shake of his head.
Ron stared at the screen, hoping to see the signs that the heart was being stimulated by the repeated shocks he was giving it. No luck. All he saw were the pacer spikes.
“Damn it.” He shut the pacer off and returned the screen to its regular mode. “Back on the chest.” What was he missing? He looked at the IV, it was much slower now.
“How hard is it to push?” he asked Stan. “I mean, is it harder than when you started?”
“Now that you mention it, yeah, his chest feels stiffer.”
“Keep going,” Ron instructed. He stopped bagging long enough to reach over and turn the three-way stopcock that he had inserted in the lower chest wall. He got a little blood, but not much.
“How about now?”
“No change,” Stan replied.
“Janice, take the bag.” Ron let go of the bag as she grabbed it and reached over the monitor for the IV tray.
“What are you thinking now?” Stan asked.
“Tamponade.”
“Tampon-what?”
“Tamponade. Blood around the heart. I’ve gotta get it out, it’s squeezing the heart, not letting it beat. Janice, switch with me.” Ron stuck a 60cc syringe in his mouth, before grabbing the overhead rail and stepping over the senator’s head. He flopped down in the seat and pulled the syringe from his teeth. He placed an 18-gauge spinal needle on the syringe and held it in his right hand. With his left, he felt the senator’s chest for the xyphoid process at the bottom of the sternum. When he found it, he stuck his thumb in the spot. His pinky went on the left nipple. He swabbed the area next to his thumb with Betadine.
“How’s the road look?”
“We’re gonna stop in just a second. Traffic at the light,” Stan said after looking out the windshield.
“Don’t stop bagging,” he told Janice. He got a nod in reply.
When he felt the brakes engage, he lined up the needle and plunged it into the chest next to his thumb. He had it aimed right at his pinky finger, and advanced it an inch or so before applying negative pressure to the syringe as he advanced. Feeling an increase in resistance, he added pressure to push through. A splash of bright red blood entered the syringe and he stopped advancing. Being careful not to yank the needle in or out, Ron pulled until he had passed the 30cc mark. He glanced at the IV chamber and saw the rate increase. He continued to draw until the syringe had a full 60cc of blood in it. Stan’s hand grabbed his shoulder to steady him as Danielle wheeled through the traffic. At this point, he pulled the needle from the chest and tossed it in the sharps container.
“Wow,” was all Janice could offer.
“Back on the chest. Switch with me.” Stan and Janice moved quickly to comply and Ron was soon in front of the monitor again. He turned the dials to engage the pacer.
“Pacing again. Janice, another epi please.”
The senator’s body began the rhythmic jerking as it had before, and this time Ron was rewarded with the signs of both electrical and mechanical capture.
“Got a pulse?”
Stan checked the carotid. “Yeah, weak but there.”
“Try a femoral.”
Stan probed for the artery in the man’s groin. “Maybe, I’m not sure.”
“epi’s in.”
Ron slumped back in the seat. “Okay.” He made another notation on his glove. He was suddenly quite tired. He looked up to find Stan grinning at him.
“Why the hell are you grinning?”
“Nothing.” He continued to grin.
“We’re here!” Danielle shouted from the front.
Ron pulled himself up. “Let’s get him packaged for off-load.” He reached for his stethoscope to double check his tube.
The siren gave its last wail before slowly dying.
—FIFTY-ONE—
The Federal Government holds 179,059
inmates in its prison system.


“Remember Davis?” Sam asked.
“The country boy from Virginia?”
“West Virginia,” Sam corrected. “Boy couldn’t march in step to save his life. Dead scared of anything female. How he made it into the army, I’ll never know. You made me keep him. Whatever happened to him?”
“Last I heard, he went home and his girlfriend’s brothers met him at the bus stop and gave him a ride to the house. He walked in to find both his family and her family assembled and his girl in a white dress,” Jack replied.
“You’re shittin’ me. Shotgun wedding?”
“You got it. Seems he had too good a time on his last leave. They even had a suit ready for him. He was married before he got to hug his mama.” Jack barely got it out before he started laughing. Sam joined him.
Finally, they both came up for air. “Why did you keep him anyway?” Sam asked.
“He was a good troop. Big and strong. I could load him up with twice as much gear as anybody else and he would march it till I told him to stop. Run all day if he had to, and best of all, he could shoot expert with anything I handed him, first time. He was a natural. Plus, the kid was patriotic and afraid of failure. He knew he wasn’t the smartest in the bunch, but he wanted to really make it. So I kept him. Kicking him out of the army would have killed him.”
“Where’s he now?” Sam asked.
“Got scratched in the Gulf and went home with a slight limp to the family farm, and is still there far as I know, probably got ten kids by now.”
“Probably,” Sam echoed. He fell silent as he remembered his own troops. They had all had a Private Davis from time to time.
His thoughts were interrupted by the pain. It returned without warning, hot and stabbing. Sam felt himself grow cold as the sweat returned to his forehead. The gun in his hand became slippery and he tightened his grip to keep from dropping it. The pain forced him to double over and show himself to Jack. He turned his head to see his friend watching him in horror. Sam saw his lips moving, but could not hear the words. The graffiti on the walls became a blurred mosaic of colors that changed with the passing searchlights of the helicopters. He saw Jack rise to come help him. Gritting his teeth against the pain, he waved him back with the Browning.
Jack sank back into his seat and watched as Sam did battle with his own body. It was soon apparent who was winning.
Sam suddenly doubled up again and vomited. A splash of bright red appeared on the floor, and Sam took several deep breaths before vomiting a second time. Several more breaths and he leaned back in his seat, once again out of Jack’s view.
It was a full minute before he heard Sam call him.
“Jack?”
“Right here, Sam.”
“Do you see now?”
“...Yeah.”
“I’ve done all I can. It’s up to you and the politicians now, the press, whoever. I just wanted to wake them up. Show them what the system has become. I respect the law, Jack, you know that. We just don’t have command of the process anymore. The process owns us now. You, me, everyone that follows the laws, we’re now at a disadvantage to those who don’t. What the hell happened? What happened to us? This country is eating itself. You gotta stop it, Jack, you gotta stop it. They don’t fear us anymore. Remember? Remember the fear?”
Jack listened to his friend. He did remember.
Sam’s hand appeared on the pole holding the partition. It was pale and thin. Not the strong hands of the best shooter he had ever known. He watched as the hand crept up the pole and tightened its grip. The feet were then drawn back and planted. Sam appeared slowly as he pulled himself to his feet. He finally stood. One hand clutching the rail and the other held the gun tightly against the abdomen, guarding against the pain. The blood running from the mouth was overshadowed by the eyes. They appeared at peace.
Jack finally understood. He rose to his feet and faced his friend.
*    *    *
“Movement, we have movement of the subject. This is Sierra Three. Subject is standing, facing the rear of the car. I am on target.”
“Shit.” Greg had been watching the news coverage of the train on the other screen. A line of city busses was waiting to take the people emerging from the last car to a nearby high school gym, somewhere they could be questioned out of the press’s reach. He now turned to see two figures standing in the first car.
“Sydney?” He snapped his fingers to get her attention. She covered the phone out of habit before she replied.
“They were talking and laughing for awhile. Then I thought I heard someone throw up. Now I can’t really hear anything. I just...I don’t know.” She stuck the phone back in her ear on one side and placed a finger in the other.
Greg spun to his own man and pointed. The man just shook his head. One of his operators addressed him.
“Sir, Sierra Three wishes to know if he is weapons free”
Greg contemplated the situation before replying. “No change.”
“Sir?”
Greg spun around. “I said no change! Do not fire unless the man threatens the driver or our agent! Understand?”
“Yes, sir.” The man repeated the instructions over the radio network. Greg listened as the acknowledgments came back. When this whole thing was over, the politicians were going to have his head on a plate, but right now he was still in charge. Screw ’em.
Come on, Jack, he thought as he scanned the screens, end this thing.
*    *    *
Ron reattached the bag to the tube and squeezed it as soon as the wheels of the stretcher hit the ground. He was almost blinded by the flash from the cameras, and had to look away as they started moving toward the double doors. Security was everywhere and they found themselves surrounded as they rolled through the doors. As soon as the doors closed behind them, Ron raised his head to see a familiar face.
“How you doing Ron?” Art asked.
“Not good. Lost him once. Got him back, but he’s bleeding into his pericardium. We need blood. Who’s on tonight?”
“Dr. Plaisier.”
“Good.”
As they approached the trauma room, Ron could see the hallway crowded with people. Radiology staff with their portable x-ray machine and heavy lead vests, phlebotomists with their trays of tubes, and new interns eager to see a gunshot wound. Ron dismissed them all and concentrated on the tall thin figure, dressed in the blue scrubs, calmly waiting with his arms crossed next to the empty bed.
Danielle turned in the doorway and they spun the cot to enter the room head first. Ron took a deep breath and with his command voice let them have it:
“60-year-old male, shot in the upper left chest from an unknown type rifle. Entrance and exit. External bleeding controlled. You have a 7.5 at 23cm, central line in the right sub-clavian, decompressed on the left side both anteriorly and laterally with frank blood. Two liters lactated ringers in. Coded once. Total of four epi and three atropine. Chest got stiff. 60cc’s of arterial blood from the pericardium. Return of pulses with pacing. Stop!”
The trauma team had removed the straps and untangled the lines to move the patient over to the other bed. Ron had passed the bag off to the respiratory technician who was now bagging with one hand, while programming her vent with the other. The team had been about to move when Ron had stopped them. He now had a hold of the board to physically prevent them from moving.
“What?” a nurse asked.
“Detach the bag first.” Ron pointed with his chin.
“I have it.” The respiratory tech replied with some annoyance. Ron shook his head. He’d had tubes yanked out in the past by a tech that wasn’t paying attention.
“Disconnect the bag or we’re staying right here,” he said.
The tech opened her mouth to say something, but was cut off by the clear voice of Dr. Plaisier.”
“Do what he says now.”
With a frown at Ron, she disconnected the bag.
“On three.” Ron looked up and down the bed. “Two...Three.” Four sets of arms and hands safely set the senator on the hospital bed. The monitor and its leads were carefully set between the patient’s legs. The bag was reconnected, and someone took over bagging from the tech while she continued her programming. Ron grimaced as he noted they hadn’t had time to tape down the pads more. Danielle pulled the stretcher free of the crowd and disappeared out into the hallway. The void was quickly filled with people and Ron was pushed out toward the wall.
“Ron?” Dr. Plaiser’s voice cut through the multiple voices. Ron looked to see the doc’s head above the crowd on the other side of the room. He was using his stool. Something they had all found odd when he had first come here, but it was really quite smart. By standing on it, he freed up a space at the patient’s bedside for his team to work, and yet he could still see everything. While he was addressing Ron, he still had his eyes on the actions of the trauma team.
“Yeah, uh...coded approximately—” Ron looked at the clock on the wall, “—just less than ten minutes ago. Had good CPR the whole way. He’s now paced at 80 beats per minute. Good carotids—faint femorals.” He paused as a new blood pressure came up on the monitor. 88/54. “That’s narrower than his last,” he informed.
“Okay,” Dr. Plaisier spoke. “Stacie?”
“Tube is good.”
“Art?”
“All lines are good. Labs are sent. Getting an arterial stick. Pacer is holding.”
“Okay. Listen up. I want two units of O-neg. Head, neck, chest, and pelvis films. Set up for a chest tube on the left, alert CT and the OR. I need his medical history, where’s that file?”
Ron backed out of the room as the team scrambled to comply with the doctor’s orders. He was about to turn and leave when out of the huddle he heard the doc’s voice.
“Nice job, Ron.”
Art’s head popped up for a second with a grin. Not everyday a surgeon said that to a medic. He returned the grin before stripping off his gloves and leaving to find his partner. He strolled down the crowded hallway toward the ambulance entrance. There he found Stan and Janice leaning against the wall outside the EMS room. Janice was holding her gun belt in her hand and an ice pack to her head.
“Almost left it on the truck.” She shrugged.
“That would have been bad.” Ron smiled. “You two did great. Thanks for the help.”
“Yeah, nice job there, rookie.” Stan gave her a friendly punch in the shoulder.
“Who are you kidding? I had no idea what I was doing. All I know is that partner of yours grabbed me, tells my partner she needs me, and he just says go. I need to have a talk with him.” She grinned.
“Where is she, anyway?” Ron asked.
“Out in the rig, cussing at the mess and the reporters, I think,” Stan replied.
“I better go get her. I’m sure my boss will be here soon. Janice, if yours gives you a problem, give me a call or have them do it. I won’t leave you hanging.” Ron handed her his card.
“He’s on his way,” she replied. “What about the press?”
“Let the hospital’s people handle that. I’m not saying a thing.”
“Me either,” Stan echoed.
The doors slid open and Danielle stormed in. She did not look happy. She peeled off her coat, and tossed it in the EMS room before joining them.
“Would you believe some reporter got through security and tried to get in the back of my truck? I about decked him. We’re down for decon, I already told dispatch and I can’t clean it up until those reporters leave. How’s he doing?”
Ron shrugged. “50-50.” He was about to elaborate when he noticed new activity around the trauma room. He walked back to the entrance to see the huddle working feverishly on something.
“What happened?” He asked the nurse at the door.
“Someone yanked a pacer pad off and they lost capture. The doc cracked his chest and pulled more blood off the pericardium, but he’s coded again.” The bodies parted for a moment, and Ron caught sight of Dr. Plaisier with his hand inside the senator’s chest. He heard him call for the paddles. A nurse shoved his way past, carrying more blood.
Ron watched as the doc repeatedly shocked the heart with the internal paddles. It was a repeat of the ride in. It lasted another fifteen minutes before he saw the doc check the time on the overhead clock.
Senator Harper of Georgia was dead.
*    *    *
Jack watched as his friend fought to stay on his feet. His face was pale and the pain was evident in his expression. He kept his gun leveled, but moved it off target. There was no way Sam was going to beat him to the draw. Was this for the cameras? Jack had no doubt that this was on every channel, and Sam knew it, too. The reason Sam picked this spot in the first place. He had it all planned, just in case, Jack marveled. Jack would let him have his time in the camera’s eye, and then he would take him in. Get him to the hospital. Save him. It was what brothers did.
Another cough and more blood ran from Sam’s mouth. He seemed to be weakening. Jack was amazed by Sam’s determination. But then there was Katie. What would he have done if the situation had been different? He had no children, so he couldn’t relate. What should he do now?
“Jack.”
“I’m right here, Sam. Let’s end this. Let me take you in. It’s the right time. You did all you could.”
“All I could...”
“This...”
“The victims...”
“They understand,” Jack replied.
“They need closure.”
“I know, Sam.”
Sam lifted his head and gazed around the car before meeting Jack’s eyes.
“Are your guys any good?”
Jack’s blood froze.
“No, Sam, not like this.”
“I need closure, too, Jack. Thanks. Thanks for being a friend.”
Sam straightened up to his full height and pointed the gun at Jack. Before Jack could react, the window shattered and Sam was thrown to the floor. The empty pistol spun to a stop at Jack’s feet.
Jack sank slowly into the seat and contemplated the Browning. The assault team stormed the car around him, but he hardly noticed. The vibration of the cell phone shook him out of it. He palmed the device and flipped it open.
“Jack?”
“I’m okay, Syd.”
“Your friend?”
“It’s over.”
—EPILOGUE—
In the United States of America, State and Federal prisons
combined hold a total of 1,470,045 prisoners.


He jumped slightly as the gate slammed shut behind him. Before he had a chance to look around, he was following the man in front of him down the tiled hallway. They were soon at another steel door with a small four-by-four window. The man looked through the glass before stepping back and waving to the camera mounted in the corner of the ceiling. The camera was encased in a cage to prevent tampering. A loud buzz sounded and the man pulled the heavy door open. They stepped through to be outside, but not really. A wire tunnel stretched across the open area to the next building, constructed with heavy gauge fencing topped with a razor wire crown. The joints were welded together he saw. No one was in sight on either side of the tunnel. The peak of one mountain could be seen poking above a far wall. Otherwise, the view was of the Colorado sky and that alone.
Another heavy steel door with the accompanying camera slowed them and they were joined on the other side by another man with the same serious expression. The man looked him up and down before shooting a questionable look to the first man.
“He’s clean,” the man offered.
With a nod, he led them down another hallway. This one cement, with no paint other than a yellow line on the floor. The lights were recessed into the ceiling and covered with Plexiglas. Their boots echoed off the concrete floor as they moved down the hallway. A couple of turns, both with mirrors and cameras, and they came to another door. This one opened before the wave was needed, and he was escorted in to a long room with a series of regular doors. A stern looking woman approached.
“Did you get a briefing?” she asked. Before he could reply to the affirmative, she spoke again. “Don’t touch the glass. Stay in the chair until you’re ready to go. Just knock on the door when you’re ready. I’ll be watching you on the camera. You have thirty minutes—no more.”
“I understand.”
She pulled a large ring of keys from her belt and unlocked number 6. He stepped into the room to find a chair and a small desk taking up most of the space. A mirror image could be seen through the thick glass. Instead of the phone on the wall as he expected, a microphone was present on the desk. Lacking something to do, he adjusted it to chin level. He waited.
The sound of heavy doors slamming preceded the arrival of the man he was here to see. When the opposite door opened, the man gazed at him with no expression as the cuffs were removed. When they were gone, the man rubbed his wrist without shifting his gaze, which had become one of curiosity now.
“Thanks, Charlie,” he spoke.
“Welcome, Paul. Enjoy your visit,” the guard replied before shutting the door.
Paul strode forward and sat down. He reached out and adjusted the mic before speaking.
“What do you want?”
“Your brother-in-law and I have a mutual friend. He thought I could help you, and he arranged it so I could see you.”
“Jack sent you?” Paul’s anger flared.
“He pulled a string for me, yes.”
Paul thought about this, but said nothing.
“Some changes are taking place. Calls to report crimes are up over forty percent nationwide. There are still a few copycats out there, but all around, it looks like the country is fighting back.”
Paul digested this without a word. A minute passed before he spoke.
“What do you want to know?”
“Sam’s story. Whatever you’d like to tell.”
Paul just looked at him.
“You trusted me once. So did our friend. Let me get your side out.”
“I saw your stories. They were...fair, I guess. Gonna get yourself a promotion are you?”
“Got an interview with the Washington Post next week,” Danny admitted.
Paul nodded in approval of Danny’s honesty before another long pause punctuated the silence of the room. Danny gave him all the time he needed.
“Okay, where do we start?”
“Wherever you’d like.”
Paul sat back and looked around the room for a moment before returning his gaze.
“Katie.”
Danny opened his notebook and began to write.
About the Author



Randall Wood is the author of the novels Closure, Pestilence and Scarcity. After a life spent in occupations such as paratrooper, teacher and flight paramedic, he eventually listened to the little voices in his head and now writes full time. He currently resides on the Gulf coast of Florida with his wife, their three children, two cats and one Great Dane puppy. He welcomes readers, and fellow writers, to his website at:
http://www.randallwoodauthor.com/
Excerpt: Another Jack Randall Thriller

PESTILENCE
Randall Wood


pest-ti-lence \’pest te len(t)s\
n: a destructive, infectious
swiftly spreading disease.


—ONE—
World population projected to reach 7 billion in 2011
October 20, 2009—CNN


Muzzammil Hassan was one week past his sixteenth birthday. If the day went as planned he would not see his seventeenth. As he watched the men work he thought of the small party his parents had thrown for him. Like most families in his country, his was large and poor. His mother and father had worked hard for the extra food to serve that day. His father had spoken proudly of his son to all that were present, but Muzzammil knew he would never rise to the successes his father had predicted. It was enough to simply stay alive in his country. Muzzammil knew suffering. He had lost a sister and uncle to AIDS, and two brothers to the tribal warfare that often plagued his country. His hope was that his decision would not only bring pride to his father, but provide for his family. He had been promised repeatedly that they would be well cared for and would never again suffer from hunger or lack of medical care. That his family name would be spoken with honor and reverence and he himself would be elevated to a place of distinction few of his people could hope for.
But the price was great. He thought of the words he had spoken into the camera a short time ago. He had delivered them with force and volume as instructed and could only hope that his fear had not shown through. It was a speech he had heard growing up from others before him. He had learned the slogans before he was ten and delivered them with a fury he had not felt before today. The men he now watched working had observed silently until he was through, and then applauded his performance before returning to their shovels and buckets.
The men worked tirelessly as they had throughout the night. The bags were pulled from the pallet left by the forklift. There had been over two hundred total, but they were now down to the last ten. The bags were emptied into bathtubs that had been pulled from the rubble of the city. The mixing was performed by men wearing masks and supervised by the Arab. Muzzammil did not know his name, and neither did any of the others. While the man spoke his language, it was obviously not his native tongue. He barked at a man holding a jerry can of diesel and the man quickly poured some more into the tub until barked at a second time. The mixing resumed until it was to the Arab’s approval and he signaled to other men waiting nearby. They reached into the tub wearing leather gloves over the plastic ones they had donned first. This protected their hands from the nails and other small pieces of metal that had been added to the mix. The fumes were strong, and the Arab positioned himself in front of one of the multiple fans they had set up to circulate the air. The men packed the thick slurry into five-gallon buckets that were carried to the truck. Here the buckets were handed up and then down into the large tank where Muzzammil briefly saw the hands of his friend Hanni accept them. This was followed by the muffled noise of him packing the mixture inside the tank. Muzzammil smiled at his friend’s discomfort. Being young and skinny as he was, he was chosen for the job of packing the truck, as he was the only one who could fit through the opening. At least he had a gas mask that kept the fumes at bay. The heat could not be escaped. The empty buckets soon emerged and were passed back for another load.
Muzzammil’s thoughts were interrupted by a hand on his shoulder and he turned to see the robed man they all looked to for guidance standing over him. His one good eye sparkled with pride at Muzzammil, and he smiled at the boy before watching the last of the bags of ammonia nitrate being mixed in the tub. As the mixing process was finished and the last bucket loaded, the men slowly approached and offered their prayers and admiration to Muzzammil. All under the careful eye of the robed figure standing behind him. Hanni, his skinny friend, was the last to leave. Muzzammil looked from his friend’s sweaty face to the red irritated skin of his arms and legs. The mark of the gas mask ringed his face and gave a comical frame to the lopsided smile he offered. What little he had to say would not come, he simply smiled, clasped his friend’s hands in his own, and with a nod departed the garage.
The robed man took a seat next to Muzzammil and they both watched silently as the Arab moved around and under the fuel truck. Although less than half the size of a semi-truck, it still carried a 5000 gallon capacity. More importantly, it was indistinguishable from the other government owned gas trucks in his country. The steel reinforcements added to the front end and heavy bumper were hidden to all but the most careful observer. An effort had been made to preserve the well-used appearance of the truck, as anything out of the ordinary would compromise their mission. The Arab had been insistent on every aspect of the operation, and all of his wishes were followed. The fertilizer had been purchased in various quantities from several places and stockpiled until it was needed. The diesel fuel had been slowly siphoned from several trucks and saved as well. While the fuel was not necessary for the reaction the Arab desired, he had explained that its addition would increase the chemical energy of the mixture, hastening the violence of the detonation, and providing more of a shock wave. Now the man was busy completing the wiring he had started a day ago. After a few minutes in the cab of the truck, he walked to the two men and took a seat facing Muzzammil.
“You remember the instructions?” he politely asked.
“Yes.”
“Good, please tell them to me one more time?”
Muzzammil recited the instructions he had memorized the night before. “I drive the truck on its normal route at its normal time. I obey all traffic laws and do not speed any more than the other traffic. At the last intersection, I attach the cord on the wheel to my wrist and grip the wheel. I then wait for traffic to open up in front of me before using the space to speed up as much as possible. Others will help by shooting at the guards. I drive through the barrier and get as close to the building as possible.”
“Good, and then?” the Arab pressed.
“I simply pull my hand away from the wheel,” he replied.
“...and grasp the hand of Allah as he welcomes you to paradise,” the robed man finished.
“Yes, Teacher.”
The Arab looked at the boy for some time. Muzzammil met his gaze without faltering.
“They will speak your name around the world, my young friend. You are already known to Usama, he speaks of you with pride,” the Arab lied.
Muzzammil’s back straightened with the statement. He stood as the other men did.
The Arab adjusted the boy’s clothes before stepping back to look him over.
“The clothes fit you well.” He checked his watch before looking at the robed man.
“A prayer, before you depart,” the man announced.
Mats were pulled from nearby chairs and the three men knelt together on the floor. When finished, the boy was escorted to the truck and the two men watched as he climbed into the driver’s seat. They looked for any hesitation or muscle quiver. Any sign of the boy changing his mind. The Arab pointed out the cord on the steering wheel and the boy nodded. A squeeze of the shoulder before the man left to open the garage door.
“I am very proud,” the robed man stated.
“Thank you, Teacher. I am proud to serve our cause.”
“The world will know your name tomorrow. All of your brothers and sisters await you. Allah be praised, go now, my son.”
Muzzamil started the truck and with only a slight jerk eased it out the door and into the rising African sun. The door was quickly pulled shut behind him.
The Arab searched his pockets for a cigarette as he walked back to the robed man.
“He will do it?”
“I have no doubts,” the robed man replied.
“If he develops any, we will help him.” The Arab pulled the remote detonator from his pocket.
“I do not think that will be necessary, but we cannot have him captured. It is becoming more difficult to find men willing to do these things. You will take care of the family as promised?”
“Funding is becoming more difficult, but improving the lives of his family will cost little. The boy is a fool, but it will be done. After all, we may need more ‘volunteers’ in the future. Come, my friend. This building will burn in less than thirty minutes. We must depart. And I wish to be well on my way out of this country. By the end of the day it will not be safe for either of us.”
“Yes, the Americans,” the robed man replied. ”Let them come.”
“Oh, they will my friend. You angered them once before, and they robbed you of an eye. I imagine they will want more this time. I would not underestimate them.”
“Yes, I will be leaving as well, but not for long. I will see you again?”
“Perhaps, Allah willing, but most likely not.” The Arab offered no explanation.
“I understand.”
*    *    *
Djimon increased the speed of the forklift after rounding the corner. After driving daily for three months now, he considered himself an expert. He had not spilled anything since his first day. He had feared that day was his last, but the Americans were forgiving, and he had been given a second chance. He had been offered the job after befriending one of the many officials who worked there. His sister was employed by the woman and watched over her child while she and her husband worked. While Djimon’s job did not allow him access to the embassy itself, he worked right next door in the warehouse, moving supplies all day and loading and unloading trucks.
Djimon was very proud of his job and worked hard for the Americans he had come to respect. The constant flow of humanitarian items he moved every day had removed any doubts he’d had before. Other boys his age would curse the Americans, saying they were taking over their country and treading on their beliefs. Djimon knew better. The job he did every day had proven it. How could he deny the generosity of his employer when he himself moved every pallet of food, medicine and clothing that came through the building? He saw the destinations on the crates. All for his countrymen and all for free. They paid him well, treated him with respect, and fed him twice a day, also for free. He had discovered chocolate from the Americans, and they would often dip into certain crates before they left the docks so he could take it home to his younger brothers and sisters. Not once had they questioned him on his religion or interfered with his prayers. No one had tried to convert him, or offered him anything that went against his beliefs. While his employers drank alcohol and ate things he found foul, he had soon realized that his people also did some things that the Americans found unpleasant. But he had come to accept them as he had been accepted by them.
Today his supervisor was a man named Ken. A simple name he had easily remembered. Ken, he had learned, did not work for the American government, but for one of the drug companies that were supplying the medications that fought AIDS. Medications his country needed desperately. Ken was a stern man, not as friendly as his other bosses. When the medications arrived they were always brought by the same three men: a driver, a passenger, and a man who rode in the back with the pallets. All of them were heavily muscled and heavily armed. They were polite but serious men, and Djimon feared them greatly. Violence in his country was a fact of life, and Djimon knew the look of men who were no strangers to the deliverance of death. He always worked quickly to unload the crates when they arrived, the sooner to get the men on their way. Today was no different, and Djimon was now placing the crates in their proper locations according to the numbers stamped on each.
But he had a problem. He had been treated to a good breakfast by the Americans. Complete with orange juice, which he loved. He had drunk his fill to the amusement of the bosses and was now going on several hours of driving back and forth with a full bladder. There were three crates left, but he had to pee. Now.
The current pallet on his lift contained shrink-wrapped boxes of medicine vials. Today they were yellow tops, as opposed to the red tops that had arrived last week. It had confused him at first. The vials were the same in every other way. Same size, same shape, same number on the side. Yet he was told he could never mix the boxes. The yellows went in their designated area, the reds in theirs, and were stored in separate ends of the warehouse.
Surely he could park the lift in the red zone for a moment? Just long enough to pee. He looked around for Ken, who usually watched his every move when moving the drugs. He saw him at the other end of the warehouse. He was talking on his cell phone and not looking his way. Djimon quickly parked the forklift in the red zone, leaped off and ran toward the bathroom on the other side of the office. He only needed a minute.
*    *    *
Muzzamil stared at the street light. Normally he was impatient and often would run the lights, but today they seemed to be blinking green just for him. He dared not run it. His truck was heavy and slow, and the cargo too precious.
He squeezed his eyes shut in a silent prayer and mopped the sweat from his face. He had always been comfortable in the African heat. It was all he had ever known. But today he was sweating. Despite the sweat in his eyes, his vision was unusually sharp today. He found himself noticing every little detail of life swarming around him. He was also keenly aware of his heart beating in his chest. Something also unusual, but it had been with him since he had departed the garage. The act he was about to perform was keeping the adrenalin flowing through his system.
A blaring horn forced his eyes open. The light was showing green.
“Allah Akbar,” he mumbled as he slipped the truck into gear.
He could see his target over the cars in front of him from his elevated position in the truck. Keeping his acceleration slow, he opened a gap in the traffic in front of him. He looked for the promised snipers on the buildings around his target, but saw nothing. Soon the gap was large enough and he floored the gas pedal, working the clutch and gears, coaxing as much speed as he could from the heavy vehicle. The weak point in the concrete barrier was marked with graffiti and he kept his eyes focused on his target. He was within one hundred meters when he heard the first shots. Two of the guards at the gate fell to the pavement, and the third took cover behind the kiosk. As he shifted gears, Muzzamil ducked down as low as possible as bullets from the embassy rooftop shattered the windshield into a spider web of cracks. The truck had reached its top speed and he angled not toward the gate and its snake-like concrete entrance, but to the outside barrier ringing the building. The embassy had not upgraded the perimeter with concrete and steel posts as other embassies had, and was instead utilizing pre-formed concrete fencing of the type seen on highway projects. They were not anchored down and the graffiti directed him to the joint where two barriers met. Muzzamil sat up and braced himself before impact, gripping the wheel tightly, he must not let go too soon. Shots continued to ping the truck around him, but the shooters had the wrong angle to reach him in the driver’s seat.
The impact threw him forward and his nose crunched as his face impacted the wheel sharply, almost causing him to lose his grip on the wheel. His view was a kaleidoscope of sun, glass, and the interior of the truck as he was thrown violently around the cab. His face struck the wheel a second time as the truck suddenly stopped and listed to the right.
Muzzamil pulled himself up and assessed his position. It was strangely quiet. As he gazed through the shattered windshield he discovered he had penetrated the barrier and come to rest against the wall of the embassy itself. He looked down to see his hand still gripping the wheel in a white knuckled grasp. The wire was still attached to his wrist. His hearing suddenly returned as a bullet impacted his chest. He saw his blood pour down the front of his shirt to join that streaming from his nose. He breathed deep and coughed, adding more blood to the mixture. His gaze once again fell on his left hand.
*    *    *
Ken Gates was not pleased. He had just received a verbal lashing from his boss half a world away and was now looking at an empty forklift. Worse yet, it was parked in the red zone with a load of yellow tops still on the skids. He’d told the boy very plainly how important it was to not mix the two. Something he kept an eye on at all times. The goal of this drug treatment was too important, and while Ken was sure he wasn’t privy to the whole plan, he had received the lecture and taken the shot. He was committed. He really had no choice. Everyone was committed, one way or the other, everyone.
He was about to hop on the forklift and move the pallet himself when he heard the sounds of gunfire. He stopped and listened closely, but sound was dampened in the large warehouse. As he listened he heard the sound of the toilet flushing. He turned to see Djimon hurrying around the corner from the bathroom. He opened his mouth to admonish the boy for his violation, but before he could do so, the wall in front of them disintegrated in a ball of fire, throwing debris across the room, crushing them both.
*    *    *
The Arab smiled as the sound of the explosion echoed across the city. His view of the building was now one of a giant dust cloud that moved toward him, assisted by the dry wind. He had given the boy as much time as he could, and while he would get the credit for his sacrifice, the Arab had been forced to use the remote device. He now carefully disassembled the device and added it to a small metal wastecan he had previously filled with paper and bits of wood. Only when every surface was exposed, both internal and external, did he set the paper aflame and place it out on the balcony. He did not worry about being seen as the sky was now blacked out by the dust cloud rising from the embassy and traveling on the wind. He left the room, and wrapping his head in cloth, exited the building into the chaos of the street. Joining a group of fleeing people, he moved swiftly down the street away from the embassy. The wind moved the small sandstorm he had created along with him.
His day would now consist of a long walk out of the city, followed by a day and night in the African bush. He would then be given new papers and smuggled on a truck across two borders before arriving in Sudan, where he would be welcomed as a brother. A hard journey, but a small price to pay.


—TWO—
90% of the ocean's edible species may be gone by 2048
November 13, 2006—USA Today


Jack cupped both hands around his coffee mug as he leaned on the railing and gazed out over the deserted beach at the Atlantic. The only movement he saw this morning was the wind blowing snow across the dunes and the slow progress of a container ship on the horizon. It was the same view he’d had for the last month of his mandatory vacation.
He sipped the coffee and tried to think of what was on his list for the day. Not much. After his last investigation had come to its climactic end on live television, he had been in the press for some time, again. Not something his wife had approved of. The FBI had been forced to initiate an internal investigation into him and his team under the pressure of a few politicians, all hoping to score some political capital against their rivals in the current administration. The hearings and depositions had become regular additions to the news cycle for several weeks. They had picked through every aspect of his past, from his days in collage through his time in the military, his inherited business, and finally his days with the FBI. Thankfully, a member of the Senate had become exposed in a nasty sex scandal, and the press had turned their attention to a juicier subject.
The fact that Jack had been under the bare light bulb of the investigation that produced no wrongdoing by him did not sit well with the oversight committee. Despite the Director of the FBI backing him, the Attorney General had suggested some time off. It was delivered with a medal no one would ever see, and a personal letter from the President himself, but it still did not ease the pain of being sidelined. He had tried to look on the bright side. It did give him the time off he had promised Debra. She had been forced to leave her teaching job due to the press following her every move. The charity work she did had at first suffered also, but had enjoyed a surge in donations once the story got out that the FBI’s hero favored their cause. Their time together had been strained, but they had gotten through the tough part, and were now finding new routines to replace the old. Well, at least she had. While their relationship had improved greatly since his last case, there were still some things to work out. They were both trying.
While his wife spent her full time at her charities now, he had surrendered the house in Kenwood to escape the press and placed himself in exile at the beach house he had inherited from his father. The drive was too far for the Washington press, and the winter cold meant his seasonal neighbors were not due for a month yet. Jack had the entire dead end street to himself.
He’d avoided the TV for the first couple of weeks, but soon his thirst for news overwhelmed his dread of seeing his own face on the screen. He had found time to read the directions for the remote and had discovered his father had programmed the same “favorite” channels in as he would have selected. Something he hadn’t come to a complete opinion on yet.
The problem was Jack had nothing to do. He was no longer a corporate business man. Although he kept tabs on his father’s company, (his now, but he would never see it that way) he found little pleasure in reading quarterly reports and expansion summaries. The people he had left in charge when he left to join the FBI were doing fine work, and would most likely be better off without him jumping back in for what he hoped would be a short leave of absence.
He had already skimmed through the library his father had gathered and gone through four novels. He had made $17.00 in the process as his father had a habit of using whatever bill he had in his wallet at the time as a bookmark, only to be left behind for the next reader. Jack had actually counted the books, and using an average based on his earnings so far, estimated a profit of a couple grand if he read them all.
The wind had a bite and was picking up, so Jack retreated into the beach house to refill his cup. He was searching for the remote when the phone rang. He eyed the caller ID suspiciously, but it showed his wife’s cell number. He thumbed the button for the speaker phone.
“Hi, Honey.”
“Are you out of bed yet?” she asked.
Jack smiled. “Aren’t you funny today?”
“Well, you were up late last night, thought you may have slept in a little.” He could hear her smile as she poked at him.
“You know there’s no coffee maker in the bedroom,” he shot back.
“Sorry, I forgot. Should I pick one up for you?”
“No, I’ll manage somehow.”
“I plan on leaving early today so I should be out there by four or so. How about dinner?” she asked.
“Out or in?”
“You feel like cooking?”
“Out it is. How about The Half King? I feel like a steak.”
“Okay. Any word from the office?”
Jack could hear her tone. She asked the question because she knew it mattered to him, but her tone said she hoped the answer was no.
“Not yet,” was all he replied.
“It’s not fair, Jack. They can’t just leave you hanging like this forever. I don’t like you being there and me being in town. If they won’t call you back in then I think we should talk about some options.”
“Not yet Deb, let’s give it some time.”
“Then when, Jack? You can’t keep putting it off forever. Sooner or later you may have to accept that your time with those people is over.”
Jack didn’t like the “those people” comment, but he didn’t feel like fighting about it now, especially on the phone.
“Let’s talk about it tonight.”
“Don’t brush me off, Jack. I have to call you just to get you to talk about it. It’s the only way I have your attention. It’s not right and it’s not good for you or us. Promise me we’ll talk tonight,” she pushed.
“Okay, I promise.”
“Good, I’ll see you about four then. I love you.”
“Love you, too.”
Jack frowned at the phone as it emitted a dial tone over the speaker. He was forced to admit that she was right as he pushed the button ending the call. He knew what her options would be. Return to the board of directors, make more money, come home every night, play golf, schmooze with her rich friends, and repeat. Everything he had worked hard to avoid. The children conversation hadn’t come up in awhile, but he was sure that as soon as one of her socialite friends got pregnant it would be on her tongue the next day. Jack didn’t hate the idea of kids, he just wanted to do some other things first. Dinner was not going to be fun.
Jack refilled his mug and wandered into the living room. He found the remote under the book he had left on the end table next to his favorite chair. A “man-chair” his wife called it. Large, leather, and very comfortable, Jack had spent several hours a day in it over the last month. He thumbed on the big screen and hit the favorite button. Robin Meade of CNN appeared.
“...possible new evidence in the Leslie Evans case. The five-year-old went missing from her Virginia home three months ago and investigators are no closer to naming a suspect...”
Click.
“...the Dow is expected to open lower today as the housing market continues to struggle. New home sales are at an all time low, a full 58% down from this month last year...”
Click.
“...local city Councilman Warren Dickerson has been charged by a grand jury today with five counts of embezzling city funds and three counts of falsifying records. Two other councilmen are also expected to face similar charges involving the use of city funds for personal reasons...”
Click.
“...Hello America! Billy Mays here...”
Click.
“...just in from our state department desk. The United States Embassy in Tanzania, Africa was bombed by terrorists early this morning. It is reported that a fuel truck carrying explosives broke through the perimeter barrier and exploded against the south wall of the building. As you can see from the footage on your screen, at least half the building is in ruins. I’m told that the sections destroyed housed the main offices and work areas of the embassy. The staff quarters and housing are located in the back and appear to be still intact. The warehouse structure adjacent to the building was also partially destroyed. The warehouse held mostly relief supplies for a country plagued by food shortages and disease. There are twenty-two confirmed dead and as many wounded at this time. That number is expected to rise. An hour after the bombing, a group calling itself Al Qaeda in Africa has claimed responsibility. A video, showing a young man believed to be the driver of the truck, delivering a speech denouncing the presence of American influence in the small country, aired on the Al Jazeerah network and was picked up by the wire services. No other information is available at this time. Stay tuned to the BBC for further updates as this story develops.”
Jack thumbed the mute button as he scrambled out of his chair and raced down the hall to the bedroom. He fumbled through his clothes on the floor, searching the pockets. Where the hell had he left it? Was it even on? Did the battery die? He fell to the floor and searched under the bed. There, that pair of jeans. He dragged them out and riffled the pockets. There it is. He looked at the screen and saw nothing.
“Damn it!” He palmed the dead device and raced back down the hall to the kitchen junk drawer so full he could barely open it. He rummaged through the mess, but didn’t see what he needed. Now what?
The remote?
He returned to the man-chair and pulled the back panel off the remote. He stole an AA battery, swapped it for the dead one in his department pager, and turned it on.
“Come on, baby, work for me,” Jack pep-talked the device and the tiny screen lit up, and after blinking for a few seconds, delivered a message.
“888”
“Yes!” Jack pumped a fist in the air.
Now where the hell was his cell phone?
*    *    *
John Kimball ignored the looks he got from the passing platoon of paratroopers as he ran down the packed orange clay of the firebreak. The North Carolina winters were mild, and while the temperature was good for a run, the damp clay stuck to his running shoes and made for a slippery surface. He noted a couple of paratroopers sporting orange coatings on their otherwise gray PT uniforms, the victims of their own carelessness. He caught up to another platoon running in his direction and matched speeds to the cadence of the sergeant leading them. He enjoyed the off-color song, knowing it would have to change to something more traditional as they neared the post again. He turned north after a mile and headed back to his own duties.
While he wore military clothing similar to theirs for his morning run, his longer hair and non-regulation mustache marked him as one of “Them.” The fact that they were in area J of the Fort Bragg training zones, just south of the Delta Force compound, gave credit to their assumptions. While the compound appeared on the maps as an impact area—clearly marked off-limits due to live gunfire and possible unexploded munitions—everyone knew what it was and who it supported. The triple-fence perimeter and snake-like concrete entrance just added to the mystery. Rumor had it that the majority of the space was underground, and they were right, especially all the latest editions. One of which John Kimball was in charge of.
As he neared the gate, the guard waved him down from a distance. He complied by slowing to a jog, placing his hands on his head, and jogging backward for a few yards. Picking up a walk for the last thirty meters, he pulled his ID out from inside his shirt and held it up.
The guard held out a laptop-size item similar to a computer. John swiped his card before wiping his hand on his shorts and placing it on the screen. The computer announced with a beep and a green light that he was allowed and the guard let him pass. Passing through the airlock-like double gate, he then stretched out his stride till he was past the Delta buildings and into his own. Like theirs, his had no label of any kind, not even a number to distinguish it from the others. All the buildings were simple red brick with windowless metal doors. Some of his people used the last two numbers of its grid location to identify it, but that was as far as it went toward getting a name. His building only differed in the amount of climate control equipment on the roof. Obviously much more than was needed for a building of its size, it was not unusual in this neighborhood. But only the people working there knew the real reasons for the equipment.
The sound of the door chime was drowned out by the C-5 Galaxy aircraft passing overhead as it took off from Pope Air Force base, probably carrying a load of gear, or troops, or both, heading over to Afghanistan. The flights were regular now, or so he was told. He couldn’t hear the planes from his office.
Proceeding through another set of doors that automatically locked behind him, he didn’t bother glancing at the cameras that followed his progress to the elevator. Once on board, he slid his card again through a slot on the wall before punching his floor. The doors shut and then sealed with a hiss before descending. What the neighbors did not know was that while the building had four stories above ground, they were all utilized for air handling purposes. A variety of pumps, filtering units, electrostatic dust collectors and climate control equipment crowded the space. All functions were backed up and then backed up again. There were technicians stationed in the spaces twenty-four hours a day, and the facility had the ability of being sealed off entirely from the outside world for up to six months.
It was staffed much like a nuclear reactor, as it was even more dangerous. Thus it had been placed where everyone accepted secrecy, and no one dared to question.
The elevator arrived at S-12, or sub-floor twelve, and the doors broke their seal before opening. Kimball stepped out a few feet and turned to enter the men’s locker room. Here he disrobed completely and after a quick shower, moved to the large locker at the end of the room. Removing a jumpsuit in his size he peeled the sealed plastic from around it. The plastic went into a specially marked bin and he quickly donned the garment. Once dressed, he passed through another door into a glass airlock. Holding his arms up, he was blasted repeatedly by jets of air, similar to what one would be subject to passing through a security checkpoint at a major airport. He waited while the air was sucked up through the floor and the computer processed the sample. It took a few seconds for the advanced bio-sensors to do their job, but eventually the glass door opened with a buzz, allowing him to proceed.
“Good morning, Mr. Kimball,” a guard greeted him.
“Yes,” he simply replied. He had long since ceased caring what others thought of him. The man was just a guard, not worthy of his time.
He proceeded down a sealed concrete hallway devoid of any decorative additions other than the ominous biosensor every ten meters until he reached his office. Here he was greeted by the usual pile of paperwork stacked neatly in his IN basket. Everything else in the office was neat and orderly. John Kimball was a detail man in a detail business, one where the smallest mistake could mean death. It showed in every aspect of his life.
He had not even sat down when he heard a knock on the door behind him. He turned to see one of his operations people. Although he was dressed the same as John, the similarity ended there. The baggy jumpsuit did little to hide the man’s physique or body language. If that didn’t say “field operative,” the haircut certainly did.
“What is it?” John asked.
“We have a problem, sir. Terrorists have bombed P-13. Our storage there has been compromised. We are unable to locate the caretaker. He may be dead.”
Kimball absorbed this without emotion. They had little threat of exposure at this point. With the caretaker gone they would have to move fast to clean up the agents before they were mishandled, or worse, compromised and sold on the black market.
“You have people in the area?”
“No, sir. The team is currently at P-18 setting up a secure storage facility. If we pull them out it will raise some questions, and possibly leave the agents without a caretaker,” he replied. “We have a transport crew of three within twenty hours distance, but that’s all.”
Kimball thought this through. One of the big disadvantages of the project was the lack of personnel. While need-to-know was applied, some always did need-to-know, and one cover story did not work for all contingencies.
“Safeguard the agent in place at P-18 and move the crew to P-13. Assign a new caretaker and get those three men there as soon as possible. I want updates every half hour.”
“Yes, sir.”
Kimball rounded his desk and sat down. Picking up the remote, he thumbed on the TV and surfed till he found CNN. A helicopter view of the embassy rubble slowly moved across the screen. He waited patiently till he saw a view of the warehouse next door. One end was in rubble while the other was intact. He knew exactly where every vial ever made was and the picture gave him reason to suspect that the vials were not mixed. He debated taking more measures to secure the agents, but chose not to. Secrecy was still their best option. The program was almost at the point it could be deployed if the time came. He could not afford to attract attention at this time.
He considered calling some old contacts he maintained from his days with the CIA. But then he would owe favors, and they would be curious as to what he was doing since he had left. Hard to collect a favor if you didn’t know what someone was capable of. One of their best biological warfare hunters just disappearing in the middle of an armed conflict was not unusual, but for him to stay gone was. There were still plenty of people that needed watching. North Korea, Iran, China, Pakistan, our new/old friends the Russians, the new government of Iraq, and, of course, every terrorist group out there. He decided he would just stay quiet and off the radar. He would most likely get what he needed from the press anyway. It would just take a little longer.
He turned the TV off and picked up a report on Arctic Tern migration. They had been tracking them very closely this year.


—THREE—
Study warns of dire overheating of crops, food crisis by 2100
January 13, 2009—USA Today


“It’s about time Jack, I’ve been stalling for a couple of hours now. Where the hell have you been?”
“Sorry, sir, I was at the beach house to get away from the press, and I kind of let my pager die,” Jack confessed as they turned to walk down the seventh floor hallway of the Hoover building. Jack had broken a few speed limits on his trip in from Delaware.
“Let your pager die?”
“Well, you’re the one who put me on vacation, sir.”
“Touché, thanks for pointing that out. You can consider that vacation over as of now. You saw the news this morning I take it? The AG wants a team sent to figure out if Osama’s boys are behind this as they claimed, or if it’s somebody else using their name. You can pick your people, but you’ll have some additions from State and the CIA. No arguments right now, Jack, just hear me out. This is big and we need to move quickly. There was some protest when your name came up. You’re lucky to get this assignment at all. This is your chance to get back in the game.”
“Why me, sir? I really don’t have that much experience in Africa.”
“I know. And I mentioned that, but they didn’t debate it very long and you got the green light. You care?”
“Not yet. Something tells me I might later,” Jack replied.
The Deputy Director stopped walking and looked around. Jack straightened his tie while he waited. His boss lowered his voice.
“Look, Jack, it’s like this. You pissed off a lot of people when they found out the shooter we were chasing was your personal friend.” He held up a hand before Jack could interrupt. “I know it wasn’t your fault, but the way things ended on live TV didn’t make you or the Bureau look good. That senator had a lot of friends. I’m not sure why your name came up for this, but Africa is a long way from DC and maybe that’s why, they could just want you farther away. If you find something and do well they can say they always had faith in you, and they look good for backing you and the FBI. If you screw up, they can use it against you and the Bureau and give the investigation to another agency. Some of these guys are hoping you drop the ball. I know you hate the politics, but that’s the way it is. So, when we go through those doors, just be a good little soldier, toe the line, and we’ll get you back on the front line, okay?”
Jack nodded. “Okay.”
“That’s my boy.”
They turned and entered the large double doors. All conversation stopped as Jack found himself in the Bureau’s largest conference room. It was used for meetings involving the upper echelon or the elected committee members. The walls were richly paneled in dark wood, and oil paintings adorned them, depicting highlights in the FBI’s history. A large portrait of Hoover himself looked down from one end of the room. The windows were floor to ceiling, and the faint buzz of elevator music vibrating the glass to foil eavesdropping devices could be heard if one listened closely. The table was larger than any Jack had seen in his corporate days and it was ringed by high-backed leather chairs. Two empty ones sat waiting for him and his boss, and they took them facing several men and women. Jack couldn’t help but note that there were no aides standing on the sidelines taking notes. Some of the people he recognized, but most he didn’t.
“I apologize for the delay everyone,” his boss addressed them. “We can proceed whenever you wish.”
The room shifted its collective gaze to the man seated on the opposing end of the table. Jack recognized the man as Senator Kenneth Teague of Texas, the longtime chairman of the Senate Arms Services Committee. He was infamous for being a hard-ass, both for and against, when it came to the military. The senator had very clear ideas on what he thought the military needed and didn’t need, and billions of dollars rested on his yea or nay votes. Now that the Department of Homeland Security had been added to the country’s defensive arm, he had gained influence into the intelligence and antiterrorism world. There were many who felt he wielded too much power, but few that had the cover to oppose him. No president had won Texas without his support, and the current president was a personal friend of the senator.
“Mr. Randall, I have no doubt you know why you were summoned here today. This embassy bombing is another setback in our war on these terrorists. I have your file here—” he placed his hand on a thick manila folder on the table in front of him, “—and I can see you’ve had a short, but impressive career here at the FBI. Normally I would expect the CIA to rectify their mistake of not averting this type of attack by bringing in those responsible for it. But I’m afraid they are focused elsewhere at this time. An investigation into this bombing is just that, an investigation. We have determined that the FBI has the best resources to execute and complete this task. I’m also told you are the man we need to conduct it.”
Jack forced himself to not look to his boss for support. The questions in his mind were popping up faster than he could process them. How did he get my file? Was it my FBI file? My military file? Who cares, he has it. He can have it anytime he wants! Why are they so eager to send me? He recalled something an old teacher had told him. When it all goes to hell, just fix one thing at a time.
“Thank you, sir,” Jack offered.
“You have some special operations experience?” the senator probed.
He already knows what I have, Jack thought, this was for the others present. Or it was a test. Don’t be a pushover.
“Sir, I apologize, but I don’t know every party present here. I feel it would be inappropriate to discuss that here today.”
“Fair enough. Ever been to Africa?”
Jack hesitated again, but the senator let him off the hook.
“Simple yes or no will work Agent Randall. I’ve been six times myself.”
“Yes, sir, just not to Tanzania.”
“Know a lot about bombs, do you?” The senator smiled as he asked.
“I know the fundamentals pretty well, sir.”
“Very well. You know what to look for. I think we can get you some help from some of our people in the area?” He directed the question to a man seated across from Jack.
“Whatever he needs,” was the man’s reply.
It suddenly dawned on Jack who the man was. Anthony Beason, the newly appointed Deputy Director of Operations for the Central Intelligence Agency. The man responsible for every field spook the agency had deployed. He saw every piece of intelligence that came in from every asset they had. A powerful man in his own right, yet he seemed to defer to the senator.
“Good. Mr. Randall, you will assemble your team and depart as soon as possible. The Bureau will be the lead agency on this investigation and I expect all others represented here today to back him up. Are there any questions?” The senator didn’t look around the room when he asked it, and a tap of Deacon’s foot against Jack’s ankle erased any from his mind. After a pause, everyone rose with the senator and filed out of the room. Soon Jack was left with just himself and his boss.
“That was quite a show,” Jack ventured.
“Yes, it was. Look, Jack, the senator is a hard man, but he gets the job done. He’s managed to cut a lot of pork from the defense budget while still giving up a lot of money for what he thinks they all need, and if the bastard wasn’t right every time he wouldn’t be where he is today. Hell, he hasn’t had a real challenge to his seat since he got elected. Today he sees a mission that needs to be done, and he’s stepping on some heads to see that it doesn’t get used as a stepping stone by some bureaucrat, or bungled due to inter-service rivalry. He pressured the others to get you the job.”
Jack thought about it and the full definition of his new position came into stark clarity. His name had no doubt been discussed at length before it was mentioned to the suits that had just left the room. With his current public-hero status combined with his internal problems, he was good for all contingencies. They could point out that their hero had done it again if he succeeded, or they could ease him right out of the Bureau if he failed. He was disposable, if necessary. The right man for the job, huh? From their point of view, he was perfect.
“I get to assemble my own team?” he asked.
“I have a letter from the Director and the Attorney General to that effect. Your budget is out of Homeland Security and is basically a blank check. You have temporary rank as an O-7 with access to whatever military support you need. You have some mandatory attached personnel, but you can assemble your own team.”
“Mandatory attached personnel?” Jack frowned at that. “You mean babysitters?”
“The CIA has people who are familiar with the area. They’ll assign someone to be on the team. It’s not negotiable,” his boss replied.
Jack sank back in the leather chair and flipped a pen through his fingers. It was either accept the mission or return to the beach house—possibly forever.
“All right, here’s who I want.”
*    *    *
Crack!
Sydney Lewis rode the recoil into her shoulder and brought the sights back in line with her target, her finger already taking up the slack in the trigger. She steadied her sight picture and did her best to not jerk the trigger.
Crack!
“Good,” she heard the instructor say behind her. “Improve your memory.”
She knew he was referring to her muscle memory and not her brain. Although those memories were the reason she had devoted so much of her free time to the range over the past month. She had almost shot her boss in the middle of an important investigation! The fact that they had been a couple once didn’t help things either.
She had never been a good shot, favoring the science aspect of her job more than the law enforcement portion. Jack had taught her himself in the beginning, and thanks to him she had somehow made it through her qualifying shoot to make it into the FBI. The brief romance that followed was passionate, but had ended with their graduation. They both just had different paths before them at the time. Being teamed up with him years later had been both pleasant and stressful, but so far their past had not interfered with their ability to work together. At least not too much. Since then she had picked up her weapon only when she’d been required to do so.
Her near-miss had changed her mind on shooting. The instructors here at Quantico were the best, and she had improved quite a bit in the last month.
Crack-Crack! She finished off the clip with a double-tap and automatically ejected the spent magazine and reloaded with another she pulled from her belt. It was empty and the reload was just practice, but it was something the instructors insisted on. Only then did she relax, and still keeping the barrel pointed downrange, pulled the clip from her new automatic. She laid both down on the pad in front of her with the slide locked back. The safety was built into the grip and already engaged.
When she had first approached the instructors about becoming a better shot, they had all listened politely and then watched her shoot a few times. It was quickly determined that her current Glock was just a little too big for her small hands. They had tried her out on a few different models before she found her fit.
The Heckler &amp; Koch P7 was small, chambered for a 9mm round, and featured a built-in safety mechanism that was disengaged just by her gripping it. She could cock it manually or with the grip mechanism, and this worked perfectly for her as it took a lot of doubt out of her mind and let her concentrate on improving her marksmanship. It had been further modified for her by the instructors to fit her specific trigger strength and outfitted with tritium sights for low-light conditions. She had purchased two and was practicing with the backup today. Behind her was Dave, her favorite instructor. She pulled her ear muffs down around her neck and shook her long black hair back behind her shoulders so she could hear his critique.
“Much, much better today, Sydney. I saw a few go a little right, so we need to get that trigger pull of yours a little smoother, but other than that I think you should be happy with your progress. I may even take you out on the combat range and start working with you there. Let’s see how you did.”
Sydney pushed the button on the side of the lane divider and watched as her target came rushing at her. Sometimes Dave worked the button while she shot, simulating a rushing attacker. It was a little unnerving at first, but she got over it. The targets today were standard silhouettes. Dave had eagle eyes that missed little, and she wondered how far to the right she really was.
The target stopped in front of her and was backlit by the range lights. Most of her shots were center-mass—right in the chest, with a couple in the head when she had double-tapped.
“See here?” Dave pointed to two holes that were on the outside line of the innermost circle. “There, a little right. We need to work on your trigger pull, you’re still jerking it after the first five shots.” The shots were still in the center and would have been lethal if real, but Dave was a perfectionist in a serious business, and if he said she was off, then she was off.
“Okay. Any changes?” she asked.
“No, I think more practice will take care of it. Your reload speed is better. This is your backup, right? Do we need to get the well beveled?” They’d had the magazine well of her primary machined to accept the clips easier. It helped when loading a new clip in a hurry or in the dark. Her backup had yet to visit the machinist for that alteration.
“No. I think we’ll just practice that more. too,” she replied. Dave smiled, obviously pleased with her answer.
His smile was replaced with a frown and she followed his gaze to the rest behind her. Her pager was vibrating toward the edge and threatening to fall on the floor. She intercepted it before it could. Thumbing the button, the screen lit up and revealed three numbers.
“888”
Her expression changed from one of curiosity to a smile. 888 was code for “Report for a mission.” She could finally get back to work.
“Raincheck, Dave?”
“Anytime,” was his reply. “I’ll clean your backup. You can pick it up later. Go see what they got for you.”
“Thank you!” she called as she left the range, trying not to run.
*    *    *
Eric scrolled the code across the monitor screen, looking for what he was sure was a typo in the latest upgrade to his crime scene software. His schedule at the FBI was more hectic than most and he hoped to finish the software upgrade today so he could concentrate on other things.
His arrival at the Bureau had been rather untraditional and he was working hard to change everyone’s perspective. Less than a year ago he had been a promising student at MIT, but a conflict with a professor over a prank had resulted in his being asked to leave for a short while. He’d been spending the time helping his father at the Las Vegas police department when he was discovered by Jack Randall. It had led to a job offer and now he found himself taking an accelerated course at Quantico on top of his other assignments. It was a heavy schedule, but he knew he would never find anything more interesting than what he had been exposed to in the last few months. The training and influence of his instructors showed as he had done away with the spiked hair and earring and replaced them with a more conservative cut and better wardrobe. He had also packed on a few pounds of muscle, most of which was sore and causing him to squirm in his seat.
He looked up from his computer screen as the buzzing broke through his concentration. He checked his pager, but the screen was blank. Puzzled, he looked around his cubicle for the noise. No lights on the phone. His cell was not ringing. He waited for it again.
Bzzzzzzzzz.
Some quiet cursing was heard from the cubicle next door. He pushed his chair out into the aisle and leaned it back in order to see around the corner.
Larry was holding a file in one hand and a cup of coffee in the other. A man with decades of experience, he was the detail man that Jack needed to back up his up-front style of leadership. The years had not been especially kind to him and duty at headquarters had added pounds around his mid-section. He accepted the fact that he would never make it to the top of the ladder years ago and that was fine with him. Larry preferred good solid investigative work and would have been surprised to know that Jack had fought hard with several people to get him on his team. Some found Larry’s unkempt appearance, peculiar wit, and lack of protocol a negative, but Jack knew better. Larry got results, and to Jack that was all he needed to know. Larry had taken a shine to Eric and they now had side-by-side cubicles.
He was currently making a concentrated effort to ignore the pager on his belt as it continued to vibrate.
“Larry?”
“Yeah, kid?”
“Your pager’s going off.”
“You sure?” Larry continued to pretend to read the file.
“Uh...yeah. You don’t want to answer it? Could be important.”
“No.”
Eric smiled and pushed his chair farther into the cube. “Why not?”
“Ever been to Africa, kid?”
“No?”
“Well I have. It sucks. Hot as hell. Steam room humidity. Everything’s dirty. Food gives you the shits. Bugs big as your head. Every disease known to man, and let’s not forget, people who don’t like us.”
“And?” Eric was puzzled.
“Somebody thinks I should go and they’re paging me. I hate Africa.”
“They’re just gonna keep paging,” Eric pointed out.
“You don’t think they’ll get tired and call somebody else?” Larry pulled the pager from his belt, but refused to look at it. “You’re good with this kinda stuff, can’t you disable it for me or something?”
“No, not without somebody asking me why.”
“Please?”
“Could be an adventure,” Eric coaxed. “Who is it?”
Larry frowned at Eric. “You’re a big help.” He looked down at the offending device and reluctantly pushed the button. Eric watched his face and unexpectedly saw a smile.
“Not Africa?” he asked.
“No, it’s Africa all right.”
“So why the smile?”
Larry held up the pager for Eric to see. “It’s Jack’s number.”
“He’s back?”
“Evidently. You have a passport?”
Eric frowned. “Yeah, but no page for me.”
Larry’s reply was interrupted by the pager buzzing again. He snatched it off his belt and read the screen again. He handed it to Eric with a smile before turning to lock all his cabinets.
Eric looked down at the little screen: “Bring Eric with you. Jack”
“Hurry up, kid. Jack’s back. Let’s not keep him waiting.”
Eric scrambled to lock his cube and follow.
*    *    *
“All right, let’s quiet down people!”
Deputy Director Deacon’s voice carried to the rear of the briefing room and silenced the multiple conversations. He scanned the room as everyone found a seat, ticking off names against the list in his head. Satisfied that everyone was present, he moved to the front of the room and waited till all eyes were on him.
“Okay, as you all know, the U.S. Embassy in Tanzania was bombed today. The current numbers we have are 24 dead, 102 wounded, mostly Tanzanians working in and around the building. I’m told that the Ambassador was among the dead, as well as FBI agents Bill Goecker and Steve Park. Both were working in the embassy at the time. Some of you knew these men. My hope is that we can bring some justice to the people who did this. That said, I give you your team leader.” Deacon stepped aside and Jack took his place.
“For those of you that may not know me, my name is Jack Randall and I’ve been assigned to lead the team that’ll be investigating the attack. The goal of the investigation is to find evidence leading to the identity of the attackers and the people who supported them. Following this briefing you’ll be excused until nineteen-hundred to pack. You will then report here and we’ll all depart for Andrews where we’ll board planes to Africa. I don’t know how long we’ll be gone, so pack accordingly. Security is very tight, people, refrain from telling anyone where you are going. The press will be on us soon. Anyone found commenting to the press, on or off the record, will earn a ticket home and you can explain your comment to the Director.”
Jack paused to let his comment sink in.
“You’ve all been chosen for your expertise in your field, your experience, and your ability to operate on no sleep.” Jack got a courtesy laugh, even though they all knew he wasn’t kidding. “You’ll need all of it in the coming days. I’ve asked a few of you to intro yourselves and cover some key points, so let’s get started. Syd?”
Sydney rose from her seat against the wall where she had been scanning some documents. She walked to the front as Jack retreated to a corner where he could watch her speak and observe those listening.
“Hello, my name is Agent Sydney Lewis and I head the forensics team. I’m here to give you an idea of what type of environment we’ll be going into medically. A brief is being prepared covering all the other basics and will be available for the plane ride. I’m giving you this in person because it’s important. West Africa is one of the most dangerous places on earth for disease. This doesn’t mean you may be exposed, it guarantees it. Typhoid, leprosy, yellow fever, blackwater fever, cholera, tuberculosis, amoebic dysentery, tick borne fever, malaria, bilharzia, elephantitis, ancylostomiasis, Marburg, Ebola, and AIDS just scratch the surface of what can be acquired in Tanzania.”
A hand shot up and Sydney waved it down.
“Yes, you will all be inoculated, several times.” She paused to break open a medical kit in front of her on the table. She noted that she had everyone’s undivided attention. She held items up as she lectured.
“Halazone tablets. They counteract all the bugs in the water, most of them anyway. Mefloquine. Anti-malarial tablets. You’ll start them tonight and continue them for two weeks after we return. Don’t forget them. It’s the first thing you’ll get. The rest of these items are antibiotics. We can’t trust the local stuff. Tetenus toxoid injections. You’ll get a booster before we leave also. Snakebite kit. I’ll have anti-venom with me. Remember, of the thirty-three types of snake in east Africa, thirty of them are poisonous.”
“How do we tell them apart?” someone asked.
“With a ratio like that, I suggest you avoid them all,” she answered. “The hospitals over there have limited resources, and we’ll be working in a hostile environment. Be careful when you’re climbing around the embassy. Cuts and broken bones can turn to gangrene or sepsis quickly in that climate. If you end up bleeding and need a transfusion, well, you figure it out. I’m told an air ambulance will be on call, but that takes time. My point is, be careful. You don’t want to get sick or injured over there.” She reached inside her shirt and pulled out a chain with two tags hanging from it. “Dog tags. Everyone will be issued two pair. Wear them at all times. No exceptions. Something happens, they may just save you. Any questions?” She scanned the room. No hands. She turned to see Jack stepping forward.
“Take it to heart, people. The hospital is overwhelmed. If you get sick or injured that’s one less of you on the team, and we need everybody for this one. Our security on this investigation will be run by Agent Greg Whitcomb. Greg comes to us from the Hostage Rescue Team and he will be second in command. What he says goes.” He nodded to Greg who took Sydney’s place in front of the room and proceeded to outline the threats they faced and the procedures they would all follow.
Jack looked from face to face as Greg gave them the bad news. A few frowns, but no one looked like they were having second thoughts.
“A lot of strange faces, Jack,” Sydney whispered from her place next to him.
“Yeah, but we need them.”
“You pick them?” she asked.
“Most. Some were added by the Director.”
“On whose order?”
“Exactly. I didn’t really have a choice. But most of them make sense.”
“And those who don’t?”
“I’ll keep an eye on them,” Jack replied.
They watched Greg give his talk for a few minutes and Jack scanned the new faces in the group. The strangers among them were sitting quietly and taking in the lecture. He reviewed the files he had briefly read on each as he thought about Sydney’s question.
An attractive young woman sat in the front row, actually taking notes. She wore short dark hair that was simply brushed. No highlights or stylish cut. Subtle makeup. She possessed the healthy figure of one who was no stranger to hard physical labor. Intelligent eyes sat behind wire-rimmed glasses. Her name was Heather Sachs, and she was from the Center for Disease Control in Atlanta. Although only twenty-eight, she held dual degrees in Microbiology and Genetics from Duke University. Her attachment to the group was due to her being one of the United States Government liaisons to the disease fighting groups in Tanzania. She coordinated with the CDC, WHO, Red Cross, Doctors without Borders, and all the other groups attempting to fight the diseases plaguing the area. Although a civilian, she had numerous contacts, and some pull with the military, and seemed to be respected by her peers. Several glowing letters were included in the file, and she had spent considerable time in the field, mostly east Africa. The embassy had been one of the hubs of the disease fighting effort, and she was hitching along to salvage what supplies could be saved from the building and adjacent warehouse. Jack was not quite sure as to why she had been included in his group as she offered no real skills pertaining to the investigation. Other than taking the place of someone else, he hadn’t seen any harm in her going either. Attempting to cut her was not worth the fight, so he had simply kept her without question. Jack had watched her during Sydney’s lecture and waited for her to interrupt. But she had simply listened politely and not offered her expert opinion. Jack took her in now as she listened. She caught his gaze and returned it with a nod before returning her eyes and attention back to Greg.
Jack moved his gaze to the back row and found the figure of Dennis Murphy of the Central Intelligence Agency. Tall, mid 40s, red hair, and Irish through and through. He also had an impressive file and Jack had tried to absorb more than the highlights, but had been pressed for time. His job description was that of an analyst. One who took the raw data gathered in the field and figured out what it all meant. He had been at the Africa desk for several years, and although the file claimed he’d had no military experience, Jack didn’t believe it. He had watched the man enter the room and climb the stairs to the top row before selecting his seat. Something an operative did out of habit—his back to the wall and everyone in view. He also had the build of someone who had carried heavy loads at one time. Military people ran a lot. They also had strong backs from long marches with heavy rucksacks. Mr. Murphy had the telltale signs of well developed calves and lower back muscles. Either he had an out-of-proportion workout regimen, or he had spent some time in the trenches. Jack suspected that the file was a phony, or at least a half-truth. Murphy was along to coordinate between the CIA and the investigation team, following up on anything they found and getting it to people who could do something about it. Jack wasn’t wild about his presence, but he understood the need. Nevertheless, he would keep a careful eye on Mr. Murphy.
Jack moved his gaze to a man in the second row, an FBI man by the name of Bradford Williams. An explosives expert, complete with a missing finger. A former US Navy Seal, he had transferred to the FBI after ten years with the teams. Jack was impressed with his record. Combat tours on three continents, some nice letters from the admirals that steered the navy, and one from the King of Saudi Arabia that was heavily blacked out. Somehow he had found time to complete a Masters degree in electrical engineering, and so far had worked with HRT and other departments of the FBI on other bombings ranging from abortion clinics to the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City. His purpose on the team was self explanatory and Jack was happy to have him.
The others were familiar faces, some of them picked by Sydney from her team, three of Greg’s shooters, a documents analyst, and some communications people. All in all, a good team. Jack would see what they were made of quickly. They were all about to be thrown into the deep end.

The Adventure Continues...Pestilence
is available as an ebook.
A Note to Readers
I welcome any comments, feedback, or questions at mail@randallwoodauthor.com.
I also welcome any input as to mistakes I may have missed, not necessarily typos or grammar, as they are self-explanatory, but mistakes pertaining to procedures or content. Mistakes of this nature tend to pull the reader out of the story and make it less enjoyable. If you should find such an error please fire off an email in my direction. The beauty of ebooks and print-on-demand physical books is that they can always be updated to fix such things. I’ll post the mistake on my website with full credit to the person who found it. If you wish to remain anonymous, that’s fine too, the help is always appreciated.
I also welcome any and all reviews, with one small request. With the controversy over fake reviews garnering so much attention, it gives your review greater credibility if you do so in your real name and with the verified purchase icon. Doing so helps all readers call honest attention to their favored writers, and helps keep the integrity of the online review process intact.
Who knows? Your review may end up on the back of the next book.
Please visit my blog at http://www.randallwoodauthor.com/ to learn about current and future projects.


TensionBookworks
