

THE AMSTERDAM CHRONICLES

DEF-CON CITY Part 1, Episode 2
By Brian Christopher

Published by the author at Smashwords

Copyright 2013 Brian Christopher




Episode Two

The city coroner Jim Conver had two bodies laid out on the stainless steel tables when Ribb and Bakker entered the room. The sound of the ventilation fans in the background dominated the traditional stillness. 
‘This is detective Jim Bakker,’ Ribb said, introducing him to the coroner. ‘He spotted your clients in the deaths column and alerted me to them.’
Conver nodded in acknowledgement to Bakker, then gestured to the bodies.
‘You’ve already met the lady Harry, Carola Munk, but this is Frank Burns, who had a history of heart trouble. Fortunately, when he died he left his body to science. And after his death a few days ago my colleagues carried out a regular dissection of his heart. They expected to find the usual cause of his heart attack. Strangely enough they found something else. He has the same condition as the girl. A heart defect that is so serious he would have been incapacitated from the day he was born, meaning he would not have been able to walk twenty meters without an oxygen tank. Both should have had died within one or two hours after birth. But here they are now.’
Bakker looked closely at the open chests and dissected organs on the stainless steel tray next to the bodies. Ribb remained where he was. 
‘So how they could end up living for years with a heart ailment totally unnoticed is a mystery you might want to look into. I don't know whether it's a crime or a fluke or whatever, but something is not right, that's for sure. I’ve already talked to a number of heart specialists about this and they are as baffled as I am.’
‘Find anything else unusual?’ Ribb asked, scratching his head.
‘No.’ Conver said, firmly. ‘There are no needle marks or suspicious injuries of any kind. Stomachs show regular foodstuffs and nothing out of the ordinary. At the moment the only thing they have in common is that they both died in the middle of the night, probably between two and four in the morning.’
‘Let me know the results when you get them. I'm going to send over a team to seal off both apartments and get them checked out. Unfortunately, their deaths were not exactly suspicious when they occurred, so any evidence we could have bagged might have been dumped, removed , and altered, or just wiped away with a cleaning cloth.’ Ribb turned and headed for the door. ‘We'll keep in touch,’ Ribb said, and they were gone.
‘Isn't that weird?’ Bakker finally said, as they got into Ribbs car and headed back to the station.
‘Something different, that's for sure. I want you to look at the backgrounds of these people. See if you can find any connection other than the street they live on.’ 
‘Sure, no problem,’ Bakker said, in a near whisper. ‘Do I get any help on this?’
‘Not yet. You found the connection and I think you can look into this without any distraction. It’s early days, but we are not looking at a crime. It's unusual, sure, but I can’t as yet see any criminal intention.’

Back at the station Bakker found Harvey Wall chatting up the female front desk officer. 
‘Come on,’ Bakker said. ‘I’ll show you around the station.’
‘You’re too late,’ the desk officer told Bakker. ‘I’ve already shown detective Wall around and introduced him to Boddin and a number of other officers.
‘Great, thanks a lot Sylvie. You just spared me from officer Boddin. I owe you one.’
‘You’re welcome.’
‘Let’s go out for a coffee,’ Bakker said, as he guided Wall out the door and onto the street.
‘You mean a coffee shop? I’ve read about them. You go in for a coffee and you come out stoned out of your brain.’
‘I did not mean one of those coffee shops.’
‘Oh. Okay, sure. I’m right behind you.’ 
‘You got the bike?’
‘Are you kidding?’ Wall said, looking down at Bakker. ‘Last time I rode a bike I was about twelve. I stole it from a fat Italian kid who lived down the block. Damn thing nearly got me killed, and I’ve never been on one since.’
‘Well that will need to change for a start. You’ll need one in Amsterdam. It's the best and only way to get around with ease.’
‘I don't know,’ Wall said hesitantly. ‘It looks pretty dangerous with all the narrow streets you have here. And those tram rails – they are so dangerous for bikes. And if that doesn’t get me it will be one of your trams, they travel at speed man. I can see myself going home in a box with an imprint of one those steel wheels on my face.’
‘It's easy, you get used to it in no time.’ Bakker said, laughing it off. ‘A friend of mine has a few extra bikes. I’m sure he’ll lend you one.’ 
Bakker tugged on Walls jacket and began to run towards the number ten tram pulling up to a stop on the other side of the street.
‘Come on, we've got to get this,’ he said, as he darted towards the tram. ‘I know the best place for a coffee on the Leidseplein.’ 

In the tram Bakker scanned his travel card on the grey scanner. The machine beeped and a green light lit up, then he bought an extra card for Wall from the conductor. 
A couple of minutes later they stepped out onto the busy Leidseplein. In the middle of the large famous square, a crowd was gathered around the young man in his early twenties with bright red hair juggling different fruit. Harvey Wall could make out a banana, a cucumber, an orange and a tomato. Bakker walked away from the crowd in the opposite direction towards a yellow stone building across the street.
‘That is where we are going for coffee,’ Bakker said. 
Suddenly there was the sound of a bell clanging quite close. Bakker reached out and grabbed Wall by the elbow and pulled him back to avoid an oncoming tram, which only missed him by a whisker.
‘Goddamn, that was freakin’ close,’ Wall said, sounding unnerved. ‘Those things are dangerous,’ 
‘You get used to it, just remember to keep your eyes and ears open. Didn’t you hear the bell?’
‘I did, but I didn’t think it was for me.’
‘Could have been your famous last words,’ Bakker said, as he crossed the street, keeping his eye on the trams, bicycles and cars coming from different angles.
Wall looked up at the impressive building they were heading towards. ‘What is that?’ 
‘That’s where we’re going, Hotel Americain. 
‘You mean American hotel.’
‘No, it’s really called Hotel Americain, and they serve one of the best coffees around.’
‘Have they got Starbucks?’ 
‘No,’ Bakker replied, ‘but it’s excellent and not in a paper cup.’
They went up the steps and through the revolving door on the right and into an imposing large dining area. Harvey Wall looked around at the early twentieth century art deco dining room. Magnificent stained glass chandeliers that looked like upside down Chinese umbrellas hung from the ceiling. Arched windows decorated at the top with stained-glass art deco designs gave Wall the feeling he had just stepped back in time.
‘Nice place.’ Wall quietly said, nodding his head as he stared at the striking surroundings. Near the center of the dining area was a long reading table, and at the far end next to the window a large grand piano. ‘Classy. Can I get the latte?’ 
‘Sure, anything you want, except they don’t sell joints.’
‘Man, this is the coolest joint I've seen in years. This place is something else.’ 
They were guided to a table by a waiter. Bakker ordered the coffee's in Dutch.
‘I'm going to have to learn some of that language of yours. But some of you speak as if you've got something caught in your throat.’
‘I know, that's the G,’ Bakker said, then made it sound as if he was clearing his throat.
‘G for guttural, right?’
‘You could put it like that.’
‘Say, what's with that chief of yours? I thought he was going to be really pissed at me for making a fool out of those two clowns who came to pick me up at the airport.’
‘Well, in a way I think he enjoyed himself. It’s been all over the station, everyone has had a good laugh about Capps and Dobb. You really made a fool out of them.’
‘But what about me nabbing those idiots who robbed the pizza place? He was like a pussy cat. He didn’t ball me out or anything. Back home my boss wouldn’t take kindly to me having so much fun if I just arrived in the city.’
‘Well that's the way he is. He's an easy-going cool guy who only gets annoyed if you really fuck up.’
‘My boss was an asshole who did everything to make my life miserable, just like my last wife. You married?’
‘Yep, to my job.’
‘Okay, you're one of those. I get it. So that's why you look like shit. We got one or two guys like you on the force back home.’
‘Thanks for the compliment,’ Bakker said, as the two coffees’ arrived. Wall looked down at the small cup of coffee the waiter placed in front of him.
‘Christ, you call that a cup of coffee? I thought your beer was small, but this is ridiculous.’
‘What’s wrong with it?’
‘It’s a quarter cup of coffee and not even that, an eight, that’s what’s wrong with it.’ He looked dumbfounded at the little cup.
‘You could be right, but our coffee is a lot stronger than yours in the states.’	
‘I’m not so sure,’ Wall replied, shaking his head. He sipped the coffee. ‘Hmm, not bad.’ 
‘How long are you going to be staying?’
‘Six months.’
‘I thought the exchanges were much shorter than that.’
‘They usually are, but my boss was giving me a pretty hard time so I asked for the longest possible stay.’ Wall leaned over to Bakker. ‘Tell me,’ he said, lowering his voice. ‘What's the deal in this city. How many murders do you have a week?’
‘A week?’ Bakker laughed. ‘You would be lucky to have one or two a month. Sometimes not even that.’
‘You kidding?’
‘This is not the wild west like you're used to in New York. People cannot easily buy or carry guns here, so the less guns you have on the streets the less problems they create. Of course we have other things...’
‘Bicycles,’ Wall said, interrupting Bakker.
‘You’re not far off the mark there. Bikes can be really dangerous. More people die from bicycle accidents then shootings in this city.'
‘See, that’s what I thought. Goddamn dangerous, and you want to get me one? What about knifings, drug crimes, prostitution. Hold on...’ Wall leaned in close to Bakker once again. ‘Prostitution is legal here, right?’
‘It is. For about fifty euros and fifteen minutes of your time a woman can make a man very happy. Overrated if you ask me.’
‘Okay, I get it, so maybe you're into guys, right?’
‘No, I have girlfriends now and then, but they keep getting in the way of my work.’
‘Maybe you should just hire them to do your laundry. Believe me pal, you need it?’
‘That's an idea, thanks.’ Bakker replied, looking unfazed by Walls comment. Bakker finished his coffee ‘Come on, let's get out of here. I'll show you around the area. It will be your district for the coming months.’
‘Do we also cover the red light district?’
‘We do serious crime in Amsterdam, and that takes in just about everywhere in the city, including the red light district. You won’t have to worry about crossing into anyone’s territory.’ 
‘Okay, cool.’
Bakker paid the bill, and within minutes they were back out onto the Leidseplein.
‘Come on, let me take you on a little tour,’ Bakker said, as he headed towards the Leidsestraat.
Wall, feeling a little uneasy, kept his eye on the trams coming at him from the front and back. These trams were more than dangerous, he thought, they were deadly. If Bakker had not caught him just on time he was sure the tram would have killed him. 
At the Prinsengracht they stopped on the bridge and stared at the majestic sixteenth century buildings lining the canal waterfront. Front gables painted dark brown or black, others in natural red brick. Nearly all the buildings were topped with a small square or a bell shaped construction, and nearly all had a protruding beam with a hook on the end overhanging the front of the buildings.
‘What are they for?’ Wall asked, pointing to the beams with the hooks.
‘They use them to lift the furniture in and out of the houses. Many of the old buildings and apartments in Amsterdam have very small stairways, making it nearly impossible to get furniture in and out. They pull the furniture up using those beams and hooks with a pulley and rope and get it into the house by removing one or two of the windows.’
‘Do they still do it like that?’ 
‘Sure, all the time, but usually students who cannot afford a regular moving company with a mechanical lift.’
‘No shit. This is one crazy town. Say, how about taking me to one of those other coffee shops you mentioned.’
‘Sure, why not.’ Bakker replied. 


~~~~


At eight thirty that evening Raymond Dort poured himself a large glass of Bowmore nineteen fifty-five whiskey from the half empty bottle. It sat alongside various bottles of other expensive whiskeys, liquors and two impressive Waterford cut glass decanters. All were displayed on a large antique silver footed tray on top of a nineteenth century drinks cabinet. Everything in the apartment was quality antique, and laid out with taste and elegance. The telephone rang. Dort glanced at the number calling and let it go over to voicemail.
‘Raymond, it's me.’ The female voice said, sounding fraught. ‘I'm sorry I made you angry the other night. Please let me talk to you, I really miss you. Call me when you can.’ She hung up. Raymond chuckled, and shook his head. ‘Fuck off,’ he muttered under his breath, then settled into his luxurious comfortable leather sofa. Pressing a button on the remote control, a giant flat screen TV lit up with a sea of color and noise. He zapped through the channels – Big Brother – The Voice – Dancing with the Stars - Pawn Stars - Storage Wars - Dr. Oz, Oprah. He finally settled on the BBC’s ‘Antiques Roadshow’, finished off his whiskey and ran a bath. The telephone rang a second time, and again he let it go to voicemail.
‘Raymond, it’s me.’ She was now sounding more desperate. ‘Please call me. I just wanted to talk, that's all. I know you are busy all the time but just for a few minutes okay?’ She paused for about ten seconds in the hope he would pick up. He did not. Dort could hear her sobbing quietly on the other end of the line. Finally, she hung up. 
Dort sniggered again. ‘She'll never learn,’ he muttered. He topped up his glass once again, and waited for the bath to fill while watching an eighteenth century cabinet being valued at £20,000. In the bedroom he stripped naked and headed for the bathroom, stopping once again to top up his glass. 
The water felt good as he relaxed into the large tub and closed his eyes. 


At ten o’clock the next morning a key was inserted into a shiny lock and Dort’s front door opened. His middle-aged cleaning lady quickly removed her coat and looked around the apartment. There was not a lot to do – just the usual dusting and light cleaning. Dort was unusually neat and clean for a man living on his own. 
Peering into the bedroom she saw Dort’s clothing lying on the bed, which obviously had not been slept in. She changed the sheets and pillow cases once a week and made up the bed in classic hotel fashion. This was the first time he had not slept in his bed. She did not really like him but he was always polite enough to let her know on time if he was out of the country or had other arrangements. This was the first time she had encountered something unexpected. 
In the small kitchen she removed a bucket from under the sink, took out the cleaning cloths, a squeegee and cleaning chemicals that were stuffed into it, then filled the bucket with hot water. Within ten minutes the kitchen was clean, then she started on the living room. 

The antique furniture she dusted down with an old-fashioned ostrich plume, something Dort had picked up on his travels, then wiped all the bottles and decanters clean with a damp cloth. After vacuuming the dark brown lacquered floor, she refilled the bucket with clean water and detergent and headed for the bathroom. The door was half open but she suddenly stopped dead when she noticed Dort still lying in the high rimmed Victorian white enamel steel bath. She could just see the hair on the top of his head, and at the far end, his feet, although something did not look quite right. 
‘Mr. Dort?’ She said quietly, then hesitated, waiting for a reaction, there was none. ‘I’m sorry, I did not realize you were home.’ 
Still no reaction. She knocked gently on the door. ‘Mr. Dort, are you asleep?’ 
Silence. There was not a ripple in the water. She cautiously went into the bathroom. At first she thought was a joke, and giggled. But when she looked closer, she screamed. 


~~~~


Harry Ribb rarely went out to a crime scene the moment it was discovered, but this one had caused such a buzz at the station he found it difficult not to see it for himself. In fact everyone who was called to the scene turned up in record time. 
Ribb changed into white protective overalls before he entered the building. Inside, the apartment was large and modern, with first class antique cabinets and furniture throughout. He could see the owner had exceptional taste. 
The drinks cabinet was the centerpiece of the tastefully decorated living room. Behind the Bowmore whiskey was a large dark Brown wood casing that normally housed the bottle. Next to it was a very ordinary looking bottle of whiskey, which had the label Royal Blakla 1924. 
Bakker, looking unusually hygienic in his white overalls, and hair tucked under the white hood, came out of the kitchen and went straight to Ribb.
‘The victim is Mr. Raymond Dort.’ Bakker told Ribb. ‘He’s in the bathroom. He did something in finance, we don't exactly know what right now, but we are on to it. The cleaner who found him was not in any state to tell us anything. She's suffering from severe shock. There is a girl on the answering machine who sounds like a girlfriend he fell out with. We know where she lives and have sent someone around to talk to her. Unfortunately, thanks to the cleaner, the apartment was spotless. She wiped down everything before she entered the bathroom, so I don’t think we’ll find any prints.’
‘Okay, let’s see the body,’ Ribb said, sounding a little impatient.
‘Well…’ Bakker scratched his scraggy hair through the white hood. ‘That’s the problem….’ He paused, trying to think of the right word. ‘It’s… not exactly a body.’ 
‘What is it? A leg, torso? Head?’
‘Well, it’s the whole body… but different.’ Bakker said, with a puzzled look on his face, then finally decided to lead the way into the bathroom. 
The pathologist Jim Conver was on his knees, and in the process of dipping a large syringe into the liquid in the bathtub. As Harry Ribb entered he could do nothing except stare down at the figure of the body lying in the bath. 
‘What the hell?’ he said, in a near whisper, and bent down to get a closer look. Usually he would expect a body, even part of a body, but this was nothing like he had ever seen before. This was more of a substance than a body. 
‘Is it real?’ Ribb said quietly, ‘or is this a joke. If this is a joke it’s one of the best I have ever seen.’
‘That’s what I thought, a joke,’ Conver replied, while trying to concentrate on the syringe. ‘But the more I look at it the stranger it gets, and yes, I think it’s real.’
‘It’s creepy, that’s what it is.’ Ribb said. 
Conver finally filled the syringe with a mixture of pink and red liquid.
‘The only thing that seems real is his hair,’ he said, holding the syringe up to the light.
Ribb leaned over the bath and hovered directly over Dort. He reached out and touched the dark brown hair. 
‘You’re right. It looks and feels real – but the rest of it…. Ehhm… him? What is it? 
‘I have no idea whatsoever.’ Conver replied, and took a fresh syringe from his medical case. ‘But from what I can make out 98% of the body has become fluid. Luckily the water held it in suspension, nothing has been distorted or disturbed. It’s the weirdest thing….’ he said, then fell silent. 
‘It’s like one of those pictures they put on birthday cakes these days.’ Ribb mused. ‘I suppose you're now going to tell me he was never sick before, and up to yesterday he was a three-dimensional character.’ 
‘Very funny,’ Conver replied, as he started collecting more contents of the body into the syringe. ‘My biggest problem is how are we going to get the body back to the lab?’
‘Suck it up?’ Bakker said, once again scratching his head.
‘Sure, and suck away the evidence,’ Conver replied.
‘Well at least nobody pulled the plug on this one,’ Bakker remarked.
‘Is that meant to be funny?’ Conver said.
‘No, I’m serious,’ Bakker replied, now scratching the other side of his head through the white overalls.
Ribb picked up a back scrubber with a long wooden handle and dipped it very gently into the image of Raymond Dort. The image was definitely fluid. It was as if a giant computer printer had sprayed the image into the bath water, clear and perfect, with only the hair remaining at the top where his head had been. 
‘Any ideas on how something like this could happen?’ Ribb asked.
‘I've never heard or seen anything like this before, and I've seen a lot of strange stuff during the last twenty years. If it was hydrofluoric acid it would never have left this type of image, and I cannot think of any other chemical that could do this to a body. We need to run a mountain of tests on this. Something tells me it’s not going to be easy. Anyway, I'll see what I can do. I’ll keep you informed’
‘Well,’ said Ribb, rubbing his brow. ‘And before you get your results, we are stuck with this conundrum. This is definitely a first.’
‘I’ve taken enough samples,’ Conver said, then stood up. He stared down at the image. ‘You’ve got your problems Harry, and I’ve got mine. I only have to try and figure out a way to get the body out of here in one piece.’ 


~~~~


Harvey Wall left his hotel on the Lairessestraat and took the number five tram in front of the Concertgebouw to the Leidseplein, which was quickly becoming a regular starting point in getting to know the city center. Jet was easing off and his sleep pattern was quickly adjusting from New York to Amsterdam time, six hours earlier. 
For the last couple of days he had tried different restaurants and drank in different pubs around the Leidseplein, but now it was time to check out a new neighborhood. 
His little trip with Bakker yesterday was interesting but did not really show him anything new. They went to a coffee shop next to the Amstel River, and immediately after Wall took a taxi back to the hotel and crashed. 
Bakker had bought two pre-rolled joints, which cost four euros each, and decided they would sit on a stool at the end of the bar. The music was not to his taste – rap, he preferred blues or soul. Not only did he feel out of place with the music, most of the people in the coffee shop were so much younger – late teens, early twenties. It was probably the first time he noticed an age gap, and the first time he really felt old.
The joints were supposedly medium strength, but after ten minutes it hit Wall like a ton of bricks. 
At first he didn't feel anything special when he inhaled, but after three or four minutes he began to feel dizzy. Then the world around him began to change. His mouth dried up, so he got Bakker to order him a cola. After finishing the bottle he suddenly felt abysmal, and had difficulty staying upright on the stool. After fifteen minutes he found it difficult to keep his eyes open. When he tried to get up he realized his legs had turned to jelly, so he remained seated. His body felt incredibly heavy. He tried to speak but it was impossible, and he was growing more and more sleepy. Strangely he was aware of everything around him but felt incapacitated. Bakker would talk to him, tell him something, but he could not respond. Others nearly half his age, smoking hash or marijuana seemed totally unscathed. What surprised him most was that he only smoked half a joint, and was more stoned than anyone else in the building. Bakker stayed next to him, and drank another coffee. 
It took about three quarters of an hour before he could finally stand up, and head for the door. Bakker, who seemed totally immune to the joint he smoked right down to the butt, bought another just before they left. 
Outside at last, he felt relieved and free, and could breathe in something else other than the marijuana and hash smoke of others. He remembered saying goodbye to Bakker but could not remember how he got back to the hotel, or having anything to eat. The only clue he had of food turned up the following morning was an empty pizza box in the rubbish bin of his hotel room. 
 

Hotel Americain was something he would like to revisit, but realized he had visited the Leidseplein and most of the surrounding area since he arrived. 
Harvey unfolded a small basic map of Amsterdam he picked up at the tourist bureau - strangely called the VVV – which sounded more like a cult than anything that had to do with tourists. 
He got around the city well enough with his iPhone, but the little paper map gave him the bigger picture, a sort of birds eye view of the city. 
He walked down the Leidsestraat and followed the tram lines until he arrived at the back of Dam Palace, then turned right. He went across Dam square to the Damstraat on the opposite side, and into the red light district. 
One of the most famous districts in the world, and according to his map known to the Dutch as the Wallen. He wondered if his name had any connection to it. Everybody had heard of the red light district of Amsterdam and everybody wanted to walk down its streets. Now he was there, on the verge of exploring it himself, and it felt good. 
As he strolled into the Damstraat it seemed to Harvey Wall that the thousands of tourists roaming the streets of Amsterdam had decided to join him. It was as busy as the busiest shopping street just a block away. The further he went into the Damstraat, the more he felt a change in atmosphere on the street itself. The smiling and inquisitive faces of the tourists were still there, but there was another mood in the air. Wall began to notice the junks, the psychos, and the people living on the edge. Nothing new about that. He had his fair share of them back in the less desirable districts of New York, but the one thing he expected he did not see. There were no prostitutes on the streets; or at least it was not obvious. As he approached a canal bridge he turned left at the Ouderzijds Achterburgwal, and saw why further down the canal. 
The prostitutes were there all right, but behind full length windows, showing off what they had to offer. None were naked, or even topless, but nearly all wearing a bikini. Average age he reckoned was about twenty-five. Most looked pretty ordinary, nothing really special, but there were a few who were definitely over the hill. Probably appealed to men over sixty, he thought. 
Among many girls offering their services there was a couple who looked really hot. One was wearing a black bikini, tall and dark skinned, slender and beautifully curved in all the right places. She smiled and beckoned him to come and join her. Fifty euros and fifteen minutes of your time, that's what Bakker told him. It was tempting but he had never paid for a woman in his life, and was more than certain he was not going to start now. Besides, he didn’t feel the urge. Somehow it felt too business-like, which could have been down to the fact it was not illegal. With a girl like that there was no sensation of doing something you could not be arrested for. The thrill of it all had vanished completely. 
Walking on, he strolled through streets lined with sex shops, sex clubs, and a mixture of tourists and lowlife. At the following bridge he turned left again, which finally took him on to the Warmoesstraat. It was a mass of crowds mostly consisting of tourists, students and bicycles – lots of bicycles. Not that there were less in other parts of Amsterdam, but here with the streets being so narrow it seemed to multiply everything. 
On the Leidsestraat you had to watch out for the trams creeping up on you. Then they’d blast you with a bell, giving you only half a second to jump out of the way before being crushed under the steel wheels. Here bicycles on the narrow street appeared much more threatening and dangerous than the trams. Many of them did not have bells, which made them like stealth fighters coming at you in large numbers from the front and back. This was where you really did need eyes in the back of your head. 
The situation reminded him of the time he took a cab ride in Paris with his new bride. It started out nice and easy, but when they got caught up in busy traffic motor bikes raced past them at high speed in the overly crowded streets and motorways. It scared the hell out of them, but it did not intimidate or faze the driver. But now, here in Amsterdam, the danger level of just walking down a street had moved up a notch. Two wheeled vehicles with no engine that scarcely reached a speed of no more than ten kilometers an hour, made him feel seriously uneasy. 
As it began to get dark few bikes had anything that could be defined as a light that could be seen from a reasonable distance. Few were actually attached to the bikes. Most were futile LED gadgets attached to arms, shoulders, or fixed to a cap or strapped around a head. Of course he had seen all this in New York, but here it was a totally different ball game. Back home there were a thousand automobiles to a couple of hundred bikes – and they did not ride or drive where you were walking - here in the Warmoesstraat the amount and situation was completely reversed. They rode exactly where you were walking, which made it the number of English is. He was also surprised to see that nobody wore protective helmets. 
The only likeable curiosity he saw was a student peddling a wreck of a bike with his girlfriend riding side-saddle on the rear baggage carrier – not something you would see too often in the Big Apple, or even in bike loving San Francisco, but it did make him smile. 
Strolling down the Warmoesstraat he noticed a beer sign hanging over the door of a bar curiously named the Hill Street Blues. He grew up with the Hill Street Blues television series, the first cop series on TV where he thought every series, every actor, and every scene, was crafted to perfection. It left a lasting impression on him as a boy who wanted action, fun, putting away bad people, and someone telling him to be careful out there. Maybe that was the reason why he joined the New York police force – he couldn’t remember exactly, but it definitely had an influence. 
Seeing the sign of the bar with the same name made him smile. 
Time to buy a beer, and check it out. 
As he went through the door the warm feeling that connected him to the Hill Street Blues name vanished into thin air. It was like walking into an uncomfortable alien world that was dark and dingy. 
Stretching long and deep into the back of the building, the walls, the bar, the tables, in fact every exposable surface was covered in graffiti. A vast, over consuming mess of tags, names, and madness he knew would give him migraine if he stared at it too long. Halfway in, he hesitated and turned to look back at the front door and noticed the sign, no alcohol sold here. It was not a bar after all, just a marijuana smoke filled coffee shop. 
Since he arrived in the city Wall had walked past a number of coffee shops and was always hit by the extreme pungent smell of marijuana and hash seeping through the doors and open windows. But outside this one he had not detected a whiff, possibly because it was being masked and drowned out by the other so-called coffee shops close to it. Should he turn around and leave, or would he have coffee? 
He desperately wanted to get the hell out of there, but at the same time was in need of good strong coffee. He made a decision – he would have one coffee. The overpowering fragrance reminded him of his experience in the coffee shop with Bakker. He scanned the clientele, mostly male, average age about twenty-five and moving up to about forty. 
The girl behind the bar was small, not a tall white blonde he now associated as the typical Dutch girl. This one was a dark, Latin type, her early twenties, and literally a little less than half his size. She looked up at Harvey Wall, who towered over the teenagers. 
‘Cappuccino,’ he ordered.
‘One cappuccino,’ she replied, in perfect English.
The music was Rap, Hip-Hop, House and Fusion all rolled into one. It truly reflected the chaos of the graffiti on the walls and he knew exactly why you needed a joint when you came through the door; it had to work as an anesthetic. 
She reappeared with the cappuccino and he gave her a two euro coin. Delving into the money purse strapped to her waist, she took out some loose change, hesitated, and then a five euro note.
‘Did you give me a five or ten?’ She asked, with a slightly puzzled look.
‘I gave you a two euro coin, sweetheart.’
‘Oh, I'm sorry,’ she replied, looking flustered.
‘I don't want to rip you off babe, but if you’ll take a tip from me I think you need some fresh air.’ He looked down at the cappuccino which was half the size of the cup he had with Bakker. If anyone served a coffee that size in New York it would start a riot. The tables to the right against the wall were mostly taken, and at the bar to the left was a long row of teenagers who looked as if they were on a student city trip.
At that moment an empty seat at the table across from the bar. Hill Street Blues took on a new meaning, here you really got the blues, and probably needed medical help to recover. 

When he finally came out of the coffee shop, he took in a deep breath of fresh air. A man walked past Wall who he thought he recognized, but could not connect the face. He did not recognize it as someone from back in New York, but a face he had seen within the last couple of days. He tried to pull a name or place to it, but just could not concentrate. He was certain the coffee shop had done its damage. Time to go back to the hotel, maybe have a beer in the bar, stretch out and catch up on some news on TV. 


~~~~


Ribb sat at his desk looking through a file when his mobile rang. With the specialized ring tone he knew exactly who was calling. 
‘Yes Lizzie,’ he answered in a tone that was more or less saying, ‘what do you need now. 
‘Papaaaaaa,’ his daughter cried out, in a tone that indicated she needed something.
‘What's up, Lizzie,’ he answered, still trying to concentrate on the file in front of him.’
‘Hi honey,’ he heard Ruby shout out in the background.
‘Ruby is here,’ Lizzie said. ‘She was here when I came home from school.’
‘Okay. Say hi from me.’
‘I didn’t know she had a key,’ Lizzie said, in a near whisper.
‘I know, I forgot to tell you. We’ll talk about it later.’
‘But Papaaaaaa,’ she repeated once again. Ribb realized that this was a sign she wanted a much
 bigger favor than usual.
‘Can I go to the disco tonight?’ 
Lizzie had been to a teenage disco before, and everything went okay, obviously that was not the big question.
‘Sure, of course. Same place as last time?’ He thought he’d ask, just in case she now planned on going to the adult discos in the city center.
‘Yes,’ she answered, and sounded a bit hesitant before following it up with the next question. ‘Can I get some new clothes for the disco?’ 
That was it, that was the bombshell.
‘But you bought some stuff with your mother for the disco just the other week.’
‘That was soooo long ago, I really need some new clothes.’
‘Who's going to go with you?’
Lizzie unsuccessfully tried to dampen the sound by placing her hand over her phone. He heard muffled shouts of joy and laughter in the background and the slap of what was presumably a high five. Ribb realized he had indirectly said yes. His little daughter was razor-sharp and growing up faster than he could keep track.
‘Just the usual friends,’ she finally managed to blurt out. ‘But Ruby and me want to go out and buy some new clothes right now. The shops will be closed in an hour.’
‘Okay,’ Ribb said, hesitantly. Flashes of his girlfriend's wardrobe crowded of his mind. He ran his hands through his hair hoping his little fourteen-year-old never got to peek in there.
‘Where are you going shopping?’
‘Just here, the local shops.’
‘Okay,’ he said, while trying to think if there were any shops Ruby would mark out as meeting her specialist needs.
‘Ruby said I could also borrow some of her things as well.’
‘Oh,’ Ribb said, his mind screamed.
‘I don't know if that's a good idea Lizzie, just stick to your own stuff right now.’ 
‘But she's got some great gear,’ she said, as a matter of fact. 
True, and that was one of the things that attracted him to Ruby. But that did not mean his little daughter had to go down the same road.
‘I don't think your mother would approve,’ he finally said. 
‘I won't tell mom about Ruby,’ Lizzie replied, in her little girl innocent voice.
‘She already knows about Ruby, but that's not the point. You know your mother always likes to go shopping with you for clothes. I don't think she would be really happy with Ruby taking over that role, if you know what I mean.’
‘Yeah,’ Lizzie moaned, again in her little girly voice. ‘I suppose...’ she concluded. Ribb could feel his heart sink, and submit.
‘That does not mean you cannot go shopping with Ruby, but just this once okay? And don't tell your mother.’
‘YES.’ Lizzie screamed. Ribb could hear another clap of a high five in the background. He smiled.
‘I’ll be home later and I’ll see you before you go to the disco.’
‘Okay daddy. Kiss Kiss.’
‘Bye sweetheart.’ Harry Ribb ran his hands through his hair once again and sucked in a deep breath. Running this department and keeping an eye on the most demanding city in the Netherlands seemed incredibly easy compared to raising a teenage girl. 

The puzzle that confounded pathologist Jim Conver had now doubled in size. Two male bodies had come in late in the afternoon and both of them now lay on his stainless steel tables. Conver was on the phone to Ribb. 
‘The specimens I took from the body in the bath are being examined as we speak, but so far we don’t have a clue as to how it happened. By the way, I did eventually get the body back here.’ Conver looked over at the nineteenth century bathtub sitting in the corner of the lab. ‘After I removed some more samples I used the solidifying agent, which turned all the fluid in the bathtub and the body into a very thick jelly. It won’t be too difficult to get more samples if we need them.’
‘Good idea.’ Ribb said.
‘But we have another problem.’
‘What’s that?’
‘I’ve got two more suspect deaths in front of me. I’m about to open them up but if my suspicions are right we are looking at something similar to Carola Munk and Frank Burns.’
‘Are you serious? Have you got their addresses?’
Conver put on his reading glasses, and opened up a file in front of him. ‘Jeffry Downes is from the van Baerlestraat, and George de Graaf a little further up.’
‘Oh shit,’ Ribb moaned. ‘Can you send me the exact addresses right away and I’ll get a team over there to seal off their apartments before someone decides to clean up like the last time.’ 
Ribb got up out of his chair with the telephone in hand and walked over to the large map of Amsterdam. He took a black marker in hand and extended the previous thick black line – which had stopped near the Overtoom and ran it through the van Baerlestraat right up to the Lairessestraat. It now covered a stretch of nearly one and a half kilometers. He stood back to get a better view and scratched his curly hair. A straight line cut across the city. He then put an X on the spot where they found Raymond Dort. His apartment was three kilometers south of the van Baerlestraat. 
Could all these be connected? 
Within a couple of minutes of speaking to Conver Ribb called Bakker and cancelled his leave. He dispatched a team to seal off the apartments and a forensics unit. There was no need for him to be present. His senior officers and forensics would do a thorough job. 
He decided to get another team to search all the mysterious deaths in the database, and look for anything similar to Bakker’s previous findings. Maybe they could find something Bakker had missed, though he thought it unlikely. Bakker did look as scruffy as hell, but his search techniques in digging for information, was better than most. Tomorrow he would be briefed on the searches to Downes and de Graafs’ apartments. As he was about to leave the office for the evening, the telephone rang. 


~~~~


Ribb looked down at the number that lit up on the LCD screen and realized immediately the dam had burst. 
Sietske van der Kalk was a journalist with the national newspaper the Telegraaf, and one of the few media people who had his direct number. It was also a number Sietske rarely used. Protocol was that anyone from the media, including Sietske, would call the press officer, who would as usual give as little information as possible, then the press officer would call him or send an email to let him know who was on to the case – Sietske would never call him directly. This time there was no call beforehand, which meant that Sietske wanted a direct one-to-one before publishing anything, and had ruled out the press officer as a hindrance in getting confirmation on information, or photos, he already had. The problem on Ribb’s mind was which death was connected to his call: Raymond Dort or Carola Munk and Frank Burns? Harry Ribb reluctantly picked up the telephone.
‘Harry Ribb speaking,’ he answered, as if he did not know who was on the other end of the line. He never answered using his title.
‘Harry, its Sietske.’ 
They were roughly the same age and started working in their respective jobs about the same time. Harry first encountered Sietske when he was nearly a year on the force. 
Unlike Harry, Sietske was a Fries, and one of the reasons why Harry allowed him access to his direct line. There was never any pussyfooting with Sietske, he was very sober, straightforward and direct to the point. To Harry he resembled Boddin, but different. People from Friesland were known for their lack of humor, straight-faced logic, and grumpiness. A little more human than Star Trek’s Mr. Spock, but not a lot. Harry could picture him now, sitting at his desk with his white blonde hair dangling over his eyes, an unlit cigarette in his mouth while typing up the article. No doubt he would be rushing it so he could take a quick break to light up to get his nicotine shot; a habit Harry managed to drop when Lizzie was born.
‘What can I do for you Sietske?’
‘Harry, it’s about a death in the Stadionkade, Mr. Raymond Dort.’
‘What about it.’
‘First of all I haven’t heard anything about this from your press officers’ daily briefings, and secondly the person we talked to said the body, which was found in the bathtub, was not quite right.’
‘Define not quite right?’ Ribb asked. Let’s see how much Sietske knows about this, Harry thought.
‘The only thing I can say is that it looked like a Disney cartoon.’
‘Are you saying we found a dead Mickey Mouse?’
‘Ha ha, very funny,’ Sietske replied, sarcastically. ‘He was the owner of the apartment, but he looked, I don’t know…. two-dimensional.’
Harry wondered where he was getting his information from, one of his officers or the cleaning lady.
‘Where did you get this information?’
‘You know I can’t tell you who my source is Harry.’
Harry looked up at the map on the Wall. His officers had informed various authorities about the death and the family, so there was no point in keeping it secret.
‘Well I can confirm the death of Mr. Raymond Dort in the Stadionkade.’ 
‘Okay, thanks for that. What did he die off?’
‘I’m afraid I can’t give you any information on that right now.’
‘Come on Harry, help me out here.’
‘You know I can’t give you that information.
‘Why not? If he was shot I know you would tell me, and if he was poisoned you would also tell me.’
‘No I wouldn’t.’
‘All right, you probably wouldn’t,’ Sietske replied, sounding more frustrated at Ribb’s answers. ‘But can’t you confirm something our source has said? Of course I won’t mention you.’ 
Sietske had done this before and he was always true to his word. Besides, if he ever crossed that line every force in the country would ignore him for the rest of his journalistic life.
‘I can’t say anything because we are a long way from getting results on all the tests. The only thing I can say is that Mickey Mouse is alive and well and living in Hollywood.’ 
‘Is that all?’ 
‘Good night Sietske.’
‘Thanks Harry, bye.’
Ribb looked up at the clock on the Wall. He had to get Lizzie to the disco – it was papa time. 


~~~~


Harry Ribb arrived home later than planned, it was seven forty-five. At least Ruby would be there to put a meal together for Lizzie and get her ready for the disco. As he pushed his key into the front door lock he heard a mad panic and rush from inside the apartment. In the hallway he hung his leather coat on the hanger, then headed for the living room. 
Ruby and Lizzie were nowhere to be seen.
‘Hello?’ 
‘Daddy, don't come in. I'm not ready yet.’ Lizzie shouted, from her bedroom.
‘Harry, wait a minute,’ Ruby said, with a teasing voice. ‘Grab yourself a drink. We will be out in a minute.’ In the kitchen Harry got a cold bottle of Grolsch beer from the refrigerator and placed it in his Heineken opener, bolted to the kitchen wall directly above the rubbish bin. He pressed the pedal and the lid shot open. There was a soft hiss and the bottle top dropped perfectly into the rest of the rubbish. He took a swig of beer straight from the bottle – one of the things his ex- used to continuously criticize him about.
‘Drink it out of a glass,’ she would moan.
‘It’s already in a glass,’ he always replied. ‘Why would I want to put it from one glass into another just to drink it?’ It was at this stage of his marriage he concluded that women not only had their own logic, but were more often than not wired totally different.
‘Are you going to be long?’ He asked, as he made his way into the living room and settled into the sofa. He knew from experience that every new dress or outfit had to be paraded as if it was a fashion show. Lizzie had been doing this ever since she was a little girl. The only thing he could to do was sit down and wait patiently.
‘Nearly ready,’ Ruby replied. ‘Just adding the finishing touches.’
 He knew all about the finishing touches with Lizzie's mother. He was married to her for fifteen years. Picking the right outfit or matching blouse, pants, skirt, twenty to thirty minutes. Putting them on, ten minutes. Rearranging or exchanging garments or shoes in search of the correct color combination that only she could see, at least another twenty minutes. Of course she would ask for help, or an opinion, but in the end all suggestions by anyone other than God were thrown out the window as being of no taste, disastrous, or just not good enough. Finally, hair and make-up, another thirty minutes. 

He eyed the beer in the bottle which was now three quarters empty, and wondered whether or not he would have to drive Lizzie to the disco, maybe Ruby could take her instead. As he was finishing the last mouthful Lizzie appeared from her bedroom. The shock made him suck the beer into his lungs, causing him to go into a fit of coughing. 
‘Oh sweetheart,’ Ruby cried, as she rushed over to pat him on the back. 
She gave him a couple of hard whacks, right between the shoulder blades, which only made it worse.
Coughed up beer spattered over the glass top coffee table in front of him. Ruby turned and rushed immediately out of the room and into the kitchen for a cloth. Apparently that was more important than him choking to death.

Lizzie was dressed in a dress so short he felt acutely embarrassed by it. Her lips were covered in black lipstick and her eyes were highlighted with black and grey red lines that would not feel out of place in an SM film. It took him a number of minutes to recover from the coughing fit, and by that time he had mentally adjusted himself to the risky makeover his daughter had undergone with the help of his girlfriend. 
Why he didn't see it coming was a mistake he knew would never happen again. Ruby was extreme, and he should have realized her influence would rub off on his young and susceptible teenage daughter. Ruby wiped down the table then sat next to him on the left and Lizzie on the right. His cough died down, and he took in some deep breaths. 
‘Are you okay, sweetheart?’ Ruby asked. He turned and looked at her straight in the eye.
‘What have you done to my daughter,’ he said, in a barely audible voice. He had known Ruby about three months and had only just introduced her to Lizzie a couple of weeks previous. At first he was worried about how Lizzie would take to his new girlfriend. She was devastated about the breakup with her mother, and was continuously trying to get the two of them back together. But this seemingly assimilation and transformation was hard to swallow.
‘What do you mean?’ Ruby said, with a big smile. ‘She looks terrific.’
‘She can't go to a disco looking like that.’ He said firmly.
‘Come on,’ Ruby said, pleading.
‘Papaaaaaa,’ Lizzie whined. 
Ribb tried to ignore his daughter and kept his eyes fixed on Ruby.
‘She looks like a…’ He managed to stop himself just in time. His daughter was going to a teenage disco, yet she looked as if she was about to set up business in the Wallen.
‘She's only going to a disco.’ Ruby said.
‘Exactly. She's not going to walk the streets, right?’ He blurted out.
‘So that's what you think about my clothes?’ Ruby screamed.
Oh Christ, his mind roared. He had walked blindly into that one.
‘I never said that. No, of course not. It’s not personal. It’s not about you. You always look incredible. But she's only fourteen.’ 
Lizzie screamed, then rushed into her room and slammed the door.
‘Now look what you've done.’
‘What I’ve done?’ he said, in total despair. 
‘She's growing up and she's going to do that with or without you.’
‘Believe me, as a father I'm very aware of her growing up, but it looks as if she just turned from being a young teenager to full adulthood within the space of one day. To me that is not the way it’s meant to be. I might sound old-fashioned, but it’s just not on.’
‘This is the way kids dress these days.’ 
Ribb sucked in a deep breath, then tried to speak in a calm voice. ‘Listen, I’m a cop, and we deal with all sorts of kids at the station, and believe me I have never seen a fourteen-year-old dressed like that.’ 
The sound of Lizzie crying in her room suddenly rose to a higher pitch. He ran his hands through his hair. Ruby looked at him with her puppy eyes and an over expressive sad face. 
A flash of memory surfaced in his mind; arguing with his father about his t-shirt with holes cut into them and jeans that looked as if they had been trampled by a team of horses in a muddy field then thrown to wild dogs to be ripped to pieces. He took in another deep breath and let it out slowly.
‘All right,’ he finally said, ‘just this once.’ Suddenly there was a scream of joy from the bedroom. Ruby leaned over, grabbed his head in her hands and kissed him hard on the lips. Lizzie came out of the room, there was not a tear to be seen.
‘I better go, otherwise I'm going to be late,’ Lizzie said, as she sauntered past, heading for the front door. ‘Hurry up daddy, you have to bring me, now.’
‘I should have known,’ Ribb said, as he wearily got up from the sofa. ‘The bloody daddy taxi again.’ Ruby wrapped her arms around him. 
‘Hurry back,’ she whispered in his ear. His heart suddenly started thumping hard and a thousand butterflies reared up in his stomach. He melted inside, smiled, and gave her a quick peck on the lips.
From the corner of his eye he could see Ruby in the living room mirror, giving Lizzie a thumbs up. Victory celebrated, and he knew at the back of his mind it would not be the last. 
	

~~~~


Karl Webber made his way through the corridors of the hospital feeling totally relaxed and secure. He knew where he was going, although he had to try and avoid anyone he knew along the way. The chances of meeting someone who could recognize him at three o'clock in the morning were slim, but he did not want to take any risks. He would be just another male nurse in white pants and tunic wearing the typical white clinical clogs. 
Everything looked exactly as he remembered it. He thought he'd feel a sense of nostalgia but there was none, he was now sure he had overcome all his traumas, both physical and mental, and they would never bother him again. 
Karl passed rooms where people he knew would be sleeping and wondered about their state of health; they would not be so lucky. Their lives hung in a balance between life and death, as did his, but now the difference he felt was worlds apart between then and now. 
Karl went down the stairs and into another corridor. 
A familiar white sign on the wall with an arrow pointed to the right, and headed for the morgue. He stopped in front of the double white doors that normally opened out from the center. But unlike the regular corridor doors in the hospital these did not open automatically. 
He peered in through the small window. The room, with its dim lights, seemed sterile and unwelcoming. There were no bodies lying on the stainless steel tables but he knew where to find what he was looking for. 
Gently he pushed the door and entered. It was cold, clinical, and a strong smell of hospital disinfectant hung in the air. The sound of a ventilation fan whirred in the background, exactly as he remembered it. Karl turned left and at the end of a small passage came up against a large steel door. This closed off a separate section where bodies were kept. He pulled on the door handle, it was locked. No problem, he knew exactly where to look for the keys. 

The first time he was down here was when Jeff, one of his friends on the same ward, committed suicide. Although he could still move, but with difficulty, his illness was terminal. He could have arranged euthanasia through his doctor if he wanted to, but Jeff felt that was the easy way out. He had been a fighter all his life, and at one stage had aspirations to go into army life. But when his illness was diagnosed it seemed to mark him, making work, relationships and general getting about impossible. Of course there were electric wheelchairs and all the modern gadgets and apparatus to help him, but he avoided them. The fighter in him would not give up so easy. After four years of fighting the system and what the system tried to do for him he finally gave in. 
Jeff spent two months in the hospital before deciding to end it all himself, with no doctors or nurses around to interfere. The only help he got was from Karl who supplied extra sleeping pills to speed up the process. He also helped him work out the dosage and timing. When the night shift came on they both toasted with Dutch Jenever to life and life beyond, then Jeff swallowed the capsules. 
A half hour later he fell into a deep sleep. Karl tucked him in as best he could and arranged everything as if he was just sleeping. When the night nurse came in, Karl was awake, pretending to read a book. The nurse went directly over to Jeff. 
‘Don’t wake him up,’ he said in near panic. ‘He hasn’t slept for days.’ The nurse slowed to a stop and looked at him from a distance of a few meters. 
‘Is he ok?’
‘He’s just exhausted,’ he said, trying to sound relaxed. 
The controversy around Jeff’s death quickly resided, but within six months Karl found himself awaiting the same fate, only now he was alone. 

The keys were as usual, in the second drawer of the pathologists’ desk in the adjoining office. The door to this was also shut, but Karl knew they kept an emergency key in a steel flask on the top shelf next to the office. When he unlocked the door to the called mortuary he found what he was looking for. Karl pulled four bodies hold of the individual refrigerator compartments.
Conver had as usual, done a very thorough job, although judging by the fact the bodies were not yet stitched up, he was not finished. Looking at the open chests and organs it was easy to take anything, small or large, and it would never show up on the radar. But he had his instructions, and had to carry them out.
Karl took out four small containers and placed them at the foot of the bodies. He reached behind his back and took out a large hunting knife hidden in a sheath stuck down the inside of his white medical trousers. 
He had thought about getting into his old pajamas, but if he had to leave the building in a hurry, a pajamas would not the best clothing to be wearing outside. He took some towel paper from the dispenser on the wall, and placed it on top of Carola Munk’s right leg. He then lifted the leg up about ten centimeters, then ran the blade horizontally down the lower calf. With a small swab he wiped the edge of the knife, placed it in the container and sealed it. 

After wiping the edge of the blade with the paper towel he repeated the procedure with the remaining three bodies. A sheet covering something large in the corner caught his eye. Karl lifted it to reveal the bath containing Raymond Dort; he laughed.  
‘Wow, cool,’ he whispered. He took out his knife and cut off a lock of Raymond Dort’s hair. After putting it into a container he scraped off some of the solidified face. When finished he carefully replaced the sheet.
Everything took no more than twenty minutes and he was pleased with the result. Replacing the keys in Conver’s office he stopped to look around at the bare stainless steel tables, and the cold sterile surroundings. He should have ended up here, just like Jeff. He missed his company.
The only thing left to do was deliver containers and get back to his little hideaway before daylight. 


~~~~


The covered corpses of Carola Munk, Frank Burns, Geoffrey Downes, and George de Graaf lay on separate tables next to each other. Harry Ribb stood next to Jim Conver.
‘Like I mentioned on the phone, we've got two more bodies that at first glance died under normal circumstances, but looking deeper, that’s not the case. Along with that we had an unwelcome visitor here last night.’
Conver pulled back the sheets on Carola Munk and Frank Burns lower body to reveal their legs from the knee down. He turned both their left legs showing the back of their calfs. There was a mark on the skin roughly ten centimeters long and four centimeters wide on each leg.
‘A bit unusual and hardly noticeable but I'd say they were exfoliated.’
‘What?’ Ribb gasped.
‘It means…’
‘I know what it means,’ Ribb interrupted. ‘But why?’
‘I think somebody broke in to take a sample.’
‘A sample?’ Harry lifted up the sheet on Geoffrey Downes body to reveal his open chest cavity.
‘He could have taken a sample from just about any organ within the body and you would never have noticed a thing. Why would someone exfoliate the skin?’
‘No idea at this point of time. But I would have missed it if something else had not of caught my eye, otherwise we would not be talking about this right now.’
‘What caught your attention?’
‘The waste paper bin.’ Conver went over to a small stainless steel desk in the corner of the room and lifted up a small sterile plastic bag with a towel paper in it. ‘At the end of the day all the bins are cleaned out. This was in the bin this morning when we arrived.’
‘Okay,’ Ribb replied, scratching his curly hair. He glanced up at the ceiling. ‘Do you have any CCTV cameras in here?’
‘I’m afraid not.’
‘All right. We will check for fingerprints everywhere, and unknown DNA on the paper towel.’
‘I can carry that out here,’ Conver replied.
‘If you don’t mind I would like to leave it to our forensics team. We can immediately see if anything shows up in our database. We will also check cameras covering the entrance and exits of the building. Maybe we can pick up someone there.’
‘I think it could be an inside job,’ Conver said. ‘Whoever it was knew exactly where the keys were to open the door. They knew their way around.’
‘Great. That will make work of sorting through the hours of people coming and going in the building a lot more fun.’
‘What sort of tests are you running on the bodies?’
‘Everything we can think off, right down to molecular level.’
‘Any ideas on the actual cause?’
‘You have to ask yourself how do you develop a congenital heart defect overnight. But that doesn't beat our friend we finally managed to bring in yesterday.’ Conver removed the sheet covering a large rectangular object on the floor to reveal Raymond Dort.
‘That is so strange’ Ribb said, then bent down to get a closer look. He was about to touch the substance in the bath, when he suddenly froze, and turned to Conver. 
‘Can I, is it safe?’
‘Go ahead, it won’t make much difference. We’ve got all the material we need, and yes it’s safe.’ Ribb reached down and touched the thick jelly substance. Ribb felt a chill run down his spine.  


~~~~



An hour later Harry Ribb stared at the front page of the Telegraaf that lay spread out on his desk. A pencil drawing of Raymond Dort lying in the bathtub covered nearly a quarter of the page. It was a poor description of Dort’s situation, so it must have been the cleaning lady. The woman was so traumatized by the whole incident she obviously was unable to describe the scene exactly. If one of his officers had leaked the information, the detail would have been near to perfect or an actual photo taken by someone’s mobile. 
He scanned the article to see if his name was mentioned, there was no sign of it. It was Saturday morning and the Telegraaf had now the scoop, so the rest had to follow suit. Radio and TV stations were calling the press officer since the publication of the early edition at five o’clock this morning, it was going to be a long day.

Ellen Klein had been the press officer for the last three years. If she had not been happily married with two boys, a set of twins aged eight, he would have tried to start a relationship with her after his divorce. But that was one rule Harry never broke. He would never break up a marriage or a relationship. Harry did not envy her job right now, but he knew she liked to be in the limelight. Ellen could handle the barrage of questions with ease and confidence, even when she did not have all the information herself. Ribb always refused to be interviewed. 
Soon the rest of the print media would be publishing their own take on the death of Raymond Dort. This will keep the story in the limelight for at least a week before they move on to something new. A bomb blast in the Middle East killing thirty to forty people would now only warrant a small article on the front page, or even a slightly larger article on the second page. Only the death of a national leader or something similar would keep Raymond Dort off the front pages. 

Detective Bakker, who looked more unkempt than ever, sat across from Ribb.
‘We worked all night with the forensics team going through the apartments. We’ve got at least thirty men knocking on doors and asking questions. So far we have come across nothing suspicious. Any word from the pathologist?’
‘Not yet,’ Ribb said, glancing at his email to see if anything had arrived from Conver. ‘So we cannot say the deaths were malicious until tests are complete. I don't want to start to panic in the city and I want those questions asked quietly.
‘Of course.’ Bakker replied. 
Harry noticed him slowly slumping into the chair.
‘Also, try to keep any details of these deaths from the press as long as possible. Let them have as much time as possible with Dort’s death. It will give us room to move.’ 
‘It's difficult bringing in forensics and keeping it quiet,’ Bakker finally said, rubbing his tired eyes.
‘Do your best,’ Ribb replied, and turned his attention back to the files lying in front of him. Without another word Bakker got up and left the office. Corso was at Bakker’s desk looking through his papers. Bakker told him what had been going on that night.
‘Where is your Yankee friend,’ Corso asked.
‘He's not my friend.’
‘Well you were just about hand-in-hand going out the door last time.’
‘The chief asked me to take him for a cup of coffee and explain the basics of our working procedures. He's going to be properly worked in on Monday when he finally starts duty.’
‘You realize you are going to be babysitting this guy.’
‘I have no idea what Ribb has planned, he could even go to another station in the city like that Danish cop we had last year.’
‘He was specialized in working with prostitutes and human trafficking, they didn't put him in the Wallen for nothing. What did this guy do back in the States, homicide?’
‘I think so.’
‘So that means he ends up working in your division.’
‘I suppose.’
‘Well I’m glad I’m just uniform and cruise the streets. As long as he stays out of my way I don't care where he works,’ Corso said, then got up and reached for his jacket.
‘Go on, get lost’ Bakker said. ‘I’ve got work to do.’ 


~~~~


When Harry Ribb’s telephone rang this time he was little surprised to see it was Sietske. Probably calling to gloat about his scoop, although that would be out of character. 
‘Good morning Sietske. Great article, but not exactly correct as far as I can see.’
‘Want to fill me in on the rest?’
‘You know I can’t do that.’
‘All right, then maybe you can tell me something about the four deaths from the Bilderdijkstraaat to the van Baerlestraat.’
Another cat out of the bag, Harry thought. He knew it was going to be difficult to keep that one quiet anyway. Sealing off apartments, forensic teams dressed in white bodysuits going in and out and detectives knocking on everyone’s doors along those streets, Harry realized it was just wishful thinking.
‘I’m sorry Sietske, I cannot give you any information on that either.’
‘Four deaths in what is basically one street is not something you can hide under a rug.’
‘How did you hear about this anyway?’
‘You know I cannot give you any information on my sources Harry.’ Sietske said, sounding as if he really enjoyed saying that. ‘But I’ll give you this one. A cousin of my wife is a postman and noticed a number of apartments on the streets he delivers to were sealed off. But he also couldn’t help notice the forensics people crawling all over them. I think four scenes like this in one street would get some attention, don’t you?’
‘Okay, fair enough, you’re right. I can’t say much because we don’t know all the details ourselves. Yes, there are four deaths that have occurred on a two and a half kilometer stretch, but we are not sure as to how it happened. At first it seemed like a regular heart attack, or at least a heart related ailment, but it turns out there is a lot more to it than that. Forensics are working round the clock and the pathologist is cracking his brain on this, believe me.’
‘Would you mind keeping this from the rest of the press till Monday?’
‘Sorry Sietske, I can’t promise you anything. If the rest of the media hear about this than there is nothing I can do about it.
‘Okay, I understand. Thanks anyway.’
‘What I can say is that you are the only journalist who has called me about it, so I think you’ve got a head start on the rest.’
‘True we could put it on the website right now, or tomorrow, Sunday. But I’d prefer to run it on Monday in the regular press.’
‘That’s where the money is, right?’
‘Selling newspapers is always important, that’s true.’
‘Well I wish I could give you more information, but unfortunately that is not the case.’
‘Thanks anyway Harry,’ Sietske said, and hung up. 
Harry Ribb looked up at the map of Amsterdam on the wall and the long black line he had drawn. There were no answers as to what was happening. Everything was a mystery. There were no sign of break-ins, no unusual prints or suspect DNA. Crime as he knew it, guns, knives, fights, poisons or violence in general seemed like a piece of cake compared to this. 
Never had he had so many suspect deaths on his hands and no clues as to what exactly happened. 


~~~~


It was early Sunday afternoon in the Memphis hotel when Harry Wall decided to go see the famous Anne Frank house. Checking Google maps on his iPhone he realized it was not too far from where he caught the second thief, only a couple of hundred meters down from the church called the Westerkerk. The Anne Frank house was just around the corner. He could walk from the hotel, but the weather was not looking too great. It was threatening to rain. Were all Dutch summers like this? He could get a taxi, but the public transport in the city seemed second to none. He checked the Amsterdam transport map on his iPhone and worked out which tram to take.
He would get the number five to the Leidseplein, then switch to the number ten that would take him to the Rozengracht. The Westerkerk and the Anne Frank house was less than ten minute walk from the tram stop.
The lobby of the hotel was empty except for the cheery receptionist who apologized for the cold weather. He walked down the Lairessestraat to the front of the Concertgebouw and took the number five tram towards the Leidseplein. He had built up a routine with this tram and enjoyed the experience. There was always a good mixture of tourists and locals heading for the city center or Amsterdam Central Station at the end of the line. 

On Sunday he expected the tram to be nearly empty, but unfortunately there was standing room only. He bought his tram card and scanned it on the small grey scanner next to the conductor, who sat in an enclosed cabin in the middle of the tram. The machine beeped, and a green light lit up. His card was now valid for an hour, which meant he could ride around in the city for an hour at no extra charge. 
He moved past the main entry door to the right and into the middle of the tram where there was more space. There were young and old throughout the tram, and as usual a strong contingent of tourists. He could hear Italian, Spanish, something that sounded like German and a few English accents but so far no Americans. 
Usually it would not take long before he heard something familiar like East Coast – New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and the odd Mississippi or Alabama accents, but they were rare. 
He had thought about connecting up with the local American community, but quickly decided against it. He wanted to immerse himself in this new world and see how everything progressed. There was no language barrier like he had in France, which made communication a lot easier. 
The tram doors shut and it cruised up to the traffic lights a couple of hundred meters further up, then turned to the right and stopped outside the Stedelijk Museum. A new hoard of tourists boarded the tram. Wall noticed three Oriental women, probably Korean he thought, late forties or early 50s, getting onto the tram looking nervous and stressed. Instead of wearing their handbags as most women did over their shoulder, they were clutching them close to their chests. None of the other passengers getting on with them looked as tense or worried as these three ladies. Wall had seen notices of pickpockets in the trams, and once or twice he heard the conductor warning people about them over the intercom in three different languages, so maybe they were just overly cautious. 
The three women came up next to him but could not move further since the next section after Wall was packed full. Just before the doors closed four youths got on the tram. The three women, chatting in their own language, looked more nervous than ever. 
Wall immediately knew that these four were the source of their discomfort. They were all about seventeen or eighteen years of age and had a slightly darker tinted skin than the average Dutch kid. He knew there was a lot of Turkish and Moroccan’s in Holland, these four were probably from one of those countries. 
He watched them chat with each other and glance over at the women. They were out to snatch the bags and the women knew it. Wall realized he had no gun with him, only a few tie-wraps in his inside jacket pocket. He could take them all on at once, which would not be too difficult, but it would not be a clever move in a tram this packed. They could be carrying weapons and the whole situation could get out of hand. 
The four youths wormed their way past a few passengers in front of them, getting closer to the women. Wall decided to act. If these guys were stupid enough to pull off a snatch in the packed tram then they were definitely just a bunch of amateurs. It was then he remembered what Ribb had told him, ‘you start work Monday’. 
The tram rounded another corner to the left and was now in front of the Vondelpark. Only a hundred meters further up it would turn right and then it was only a short distance to the Leidseplein. He guessed that was where they would make their move. If he did not act now all hell would break loose within the next couple of minutes. Wall began to move past the women, smiling and excusing himself as he did, then came to a halt between the women and the youths. The first youth, closest to Wall, realized their path to the handbags was now blocked by a tall black guy. 
Getting frustrated he looked up at Wall, who looked down at him and gave him the briefest smile and shook his head. 
Wall turned a quarter, with his back to the women and faced the boys head on. He moved his legs slightly apart and grabbed the safety bar next to him with his left hand to hold his balance. 
The youth suddenly looked worried when he realized his stance. Wall subtly shook his head once again. The youth turned to his friends and whispered something. The others looked up at Wall and quickly understood the situation. 
The tram came up to the stop on the Leidseplein and the doors opened. The four youths speedily moved towards the door and got off. Wall watched them argue outside as a new group of tourists and Dutch boarded the tram. The doors finally closed, and the tram took off, leaving them looking puzzled and still arguing in the distance. 
He was planning on having a quiet Sunday, and with any luck, it would still turn out like that. Wall checked this transport map on the iPhone. He should have got off at the Leidseplein. Now he could get off at Dam Palace without having to double back, then get the number thirteen, fourteen, or seventeen tram directly to the Westerkerk, saving him that ten minute walk. Nice.

Arriving at the Anne Frank house was a surprise of sorts; not exactly what he expected. He had now seen many buildings and styles of old houses in Amsterdam. But the entrance to probably the most famous house in the world resembled more of an armored office block than anything else. Was this the actual Anne Frank house? Or the houses next to it? He was confused.
Somber grey vertical steel beams lined the front wall and entrance to the museum. This was the first depressing building he had seen in Amsterdam – but then again he realized it was not exactly a cheerful story. Next to it, to the right and on the corner was a restaurant built into the second floor, and on the ground floor a gift shop. The biggest disappointment was outside the building – a queue at least one hundred and fifty meters in length, mostly made up of students. Okay, another time, he thought. Maybe Monday or mid-week when it might be less crowded. He decided to carry on past the Anne Frank house and stroll along the canal. 
The streets were not covered in concrete or tarmac as he was used to back in the states, but paved with brick, strangely enough the type and color that covered the house he grew up in back in New York. Somehow, for some reason he couldn't understand, he felt right at home here. It had a warm and friendly feeling to it, a small village feeling, but yet it was a major city. 
There were areas in New York that also had this village feel to it, but the metropolis was always somewhere in site – steel, glass and high-rise skyscrapers. In Amsterdam he had yet to see a skyscraper. He had travelled to Mexico, Puerto Rico, London and Paris, but nowhere had he felt as relaxed and at home as he did now. New York had its passions, but streets in an unfamiliar area were never so laid-back as this. 

Passing a cafe he could hear the sound of jazz. This was no CD, he could tell by the sound of the saxophone which overpowered the rest of the instruments. Live jazz on a Sunday afternoon, it did not get much better than that, he thought. He decided to go in, he was sure Anne Frank wouldn't mind. 
The cafe, unlike most he had seen outside of the tourist areas was painted dark grey. The bar, immediately to the right, carried on to the back in the sort of L-shaped form. A four piece combo at the front of the cafe next to the window made the mellow sounds, while the audience, roughly twenty-five to thirty people, sat at various tables drinking beer, tea, eating nachos and other snacks. 
Amsterdam had some surprising aspects to it, and this was one of them. Time to get a table, a coffee and relax. Tomorrow he had to report to his new boss Chief Harry Ribb for duty, and the start of a six-month holiday; with full pay and benefits. The boys back home are going to crack up when they hear about this. 


~~~~


The door, which resembled a blocked up portal then the door, was no more than a square meter, and locked from the inside. Karl Webber sat in the darkened space listening to the sound of movement on the opposite side of the partition that separated him from them. Made of old thick wooden planks, it had been there since the opening of the building in 1888. Some had tried to open it, but the extra sheet of steel he added on the inside when he found the hideout, made it impossible for anyone to enter except him. His hideaway, the only place in Amsterdam he could feel safe. Outside he recognized the movements, and sometimes the voices, and knew exactly what was going on. 
Karl could hear two people walking over the large expanse of wooden floor on the other side. They were talking, but not audible enough to understand what was being said. The conversations drowned out by the crowds leaving the building, but the sound of something being wound up was definitely familiar, and he knew exactly what was happening. On the other side of the partition they were rolling up microphone cables attached to reels that held up to fifty meters of cable. 
The cables went through small openings in the floor of the attic right down to two or three meters above the stage directly below. After rolling up the suspended cables and putting away the twenty plus reels, they would roll up the loose microphone cables used to connect the reels to two small stage boxes on the floor. These looked like an elongated shoebox fifty centimeters long with ten XLR connection’s on each side for twenty microphone inputs. 
From there the sound travelled through a thick multi-cable, leading down to the sound engineer in the mobile recording truck stationed outside the building on the right. Karl had observed them carrying out this work through the cracks in the old joints at least once or twice a week, usually on Sundays before the afternoon concert or the Friday evening concert. Karl always made sure he could never be seen.
He leaned back and waited for them to finish tidying up and leave the attic of the Concertgebouw. When the lights in the loft finally went out he could hear them walking down the spiral metal staircase to the corridor on the first floor at the back of the stage, and he was alone once again. Karl switched on the dim light and checked to see if he had the four small plastic containers in his pouch. These would be used for tonight’s experiments. 

The last of the trams raced down the Overtoom before they retreated to the depot in the Havenstraat for the night. Although it had stopped raining twenty minutes earlier the air was warm and humid. Karl looked down from the rooftop at the wet covered streets and car roofs that glistened from the streetlights. Feeling relaxed and confident he checked the pouch strapped to his waist, then took out a small ampoule and held it up to the light. He had no idea what it would do. The only instruction she had was how to administer it. He replaced the container and treaded carefully over the dark wet roof. He got his weekly shot early that afternoon, and felt now revived and fit enough to carry armed deep into the night. 

Not more than ten minutes later on the Overtoom he leaned over and scanned the front of the buildings. Unfortunately, there was not much chance in gaining entry here. He went to the rear, and saw possibilities. He knew what he was looking for. Some of the experiments on people were random but others were known and had been tagged from the day they were born. Stealthily he dropped down onto a small balcony where a bedroom door was held slightly open on the latch. 
The darkened bedroom was neat and clean, some clothes laid out on the bed. Upmarket jeans, a red rugby sweater, a woman's blouse, and an Apple PowerBook on the bedside table. Young professionals Webber thought. He removed his clips then carried on through to the back of the apartment. In the small but modern kitchen he opened all the cupboards and studied the contents. Expensive pasta’s, spaghetti, penne, ravioli etc., all in their own glass containers. In another cupboard he found various coffees’ and teas’ in neatly labeled deep blue glazed ceramic jars. He was always amused about how people lived and what they spent their money on. The compact refrigerator under the worktop contained drinks, fruits, vegetables, Dr Atkins diet milkshakes, and a small carton of organic milk. No meat, probably vegetarian and worried about putting on weight. 
Webber took a container from his pouch and emptied a few drops of the contents into the milk, then carefully replaced it. In the tiny bathroom he twisted off the cap of the toothpaste and gently squeezed the sides of the tube causing the toothpaste to retract. He searched for another container, checked the instructions and carefully squeezed droplets into the top of the tube then screwed the cap back on. 

Shortly after he was back on the roof – carefully walking along the gable walls. He heard voices, then stopped. He peered over the gable edge just below him and watched a woman in her early seventies preparing coffee. She put two measured spoonfuls of coffee granules into a paper filter. 
She shouted to her husband in the next room. ‘I'm going to make some coffee Johnny, do you want some?’
‘It’s much too late for coffee, you will never get any sleep. I'll stick to what I've got.’
‘All that alcohol is no good for you. Remember what the doctor said?’
‘Doctor? He didn't look a day over twelve.’
‘He only looked young, because he was a lot healthier then you,’ she replied. Karl watched her poor water into the coffee machine, switch it on and leave the kitchen. He reached in through the small window and lifted the latch on the larger window below. Once inside he quickly opened the pouch, took out an ampoule and emptied it into the coffee pot. Within seconds he was back outside and reached in once again through the small window and put the latch back on. 

In a small uncluttered kitchen, a couple of hundred meters further up the Overtoom from where he first started that evening, Webber opened and closed some food cupboards. His eyes landed on the small table sized refrigerator tucked away in the corner. He opened it gently and removed a carton of milk. Carefully he took a small container out of the pouch fastened to his waist, and emptied the contents into the milk. He replaced the pack, and left the same way he came in.
Only one more to go and he was finished for the night.  


~~~~


At six o’clock on Monday morning Walls alarm clock went off. He opened his eyes and realized he had left the TV on. The anchor mentioned something about Amsterdam, but it was the end of the bulletin and had no idea what it was about. He got out of bed – did some quick stretches – then took a shower. Ten minutes later he was down in the breakfast room on the ground floor eyeing up everything the Hotel had to offer to help them get through his full official day at work.
He had been in the hotel for nearly a week and this was only the second time he had breakfast there. Most mornings he was either too late or decided to get something in the city center. He made his choice – scrambled eggs, two scones, a slice of brown bread, jam, cheese, and black coffee. He picked a quiet table in the corner looking out at all the other guests in the breakfast room. A force of habit. Always park yourself where you have an eye on who is coming in the door, and where you can see everyone in the room. 
There was a German family in the opposite corner. The man in his middle thirties, his wife, son and a daughter in their early teens. Now at the breakfast buffet, the mother instructed the children what to take. They did not look too pleased. 
Next to them a Dutch family with two girls roughly the same age helped themselves to everything they could see, including white bread, chocolate pasta, chocolate flakes and chocolate milk. The German mother frowned at her kids as they tried to copy them. Seated at another table was a middle aged French couple, and spread around the room a few businessmen. At this time in the morning he did not expect so many people. He looked at his watch – it was six thirty-five A.M. Wall got up from his table and went to the reception across the corridor from the dining room.
‘Could you call me a cab?’ He asked the young male receptionist.
‘Of course,’ he replied, and promptly walked out the front entrance and beckoned the taxi parked a little further up in the street. Wall checked his pockets. Wallet, mobile, keys, but no gun. He still felt naked without it, and hoped he would get it back soon. The chief had said a Walther P5, but he wanted his own gun, his friend, his peacekeeper. The one thing that kept him alive in New York after three separate bags of scum try to shorten his expected lifespan of seventy plus. 
The taxi pulled up to the front of the hotel, another Mercedes, only this time it was black.
‘Your taxi is here, sir,’ the receptionist said.
‘I’m onto it,’ he replied, as he headed out the main door. ‘I’ll see you guys later.’
‘Have a nice day Sir.’
‘I’m sure I will,’ he shouted back. 
In the back of the taxi he handed the driver at the address. His first day at work in a new job, a new country. He felt a kind of excited nervousness – not knowing what to expect – although judging by what he had seen so far it was going to be a pushover.

Harvey Wall arrived at the station at seven o’clock and was greeted by a very different desk officer than last week. It was another female, but the moment he stepped through the door it was obvious she had a totally different demeanor. Instead of a smiling warm face that was also easy on the eye, this desk officer looked like a prison guard, and one who had a hundred and fifty years of experience under her belt. 
‘I’m here to report to Chief Harry Ribb,’ Wall said. She looked at him with cold deep grey eyes that resembled stones of marble.
‘Your name?’ She asked in a strong Dutch accent, a world away from the first desk officer. 
‘I’m detective Harvey Wall,’ he announced. 
‘Humph,’ was the reply. Wall thought he heard something that resembled a grunt, but then again it could have been something in Dutch he was not familiar with. She made a call and was told to sit. The seats were cold, grey, and so uncomfortable he hoped it would not take too long. There were a couple of wanted posters pinned to the walls, but all in Dutch. 
The only thing he could recognize was the amount of money offered for what he believed was a reward. Five hundred euros, and another – one thousand euros. Not a great deal, he thought. The FBI and local police usually offered a lot more. But then he remembered that this was a small country with a population that was only twice the size of New York City, roughly sixteen million people. He heard the desk officer mentioning his name on the phone. Within a couple of seconds she hung up and stared at him blankly. 
‘Wait,’ she commanded. 
After ten minutes of sitting on the uncomfortable chair, he suddenly felt a longing for his old precinct back in New York. He looked around the waiting area for the umpteenth time, but did not spot anything new this time around. He took out his iPhone and checked updates for apps, there were none. He then searched anything interesting that could be useful in Amsterdam. 
‘No photographing in here. Not allowed.’
‘I wasn’t planning to.’ He replied, then turned his attention back to the apps.
There were more than five hundred apps relating to Amsterdam. Mostly guides and maps. There was even one called Anne’s Amsterdam, about exploring places and events connected to Anne Frank. A walking guide of Amsterdam, some soccer apps related to the local club Ajax. He eventually downloaded a Wi-Fi map showing free hotspots in the city, and a world Explorer app. It was at least fifteen minutes before the door opened and another female officer arrived to pick him up. 
‘Detective Wall?’ The female officer said, as she peered around the door. 
‘Finally,’ Wall whispered under his breath. 

The seemingly relaxed detectives’ squad room he walked into last week was completely transformed to a hectic and seemingly panic ridden situation room. Five large whiteboards were lined up next to one another at one end of the room. One had a photo of a woman and the other three were men, with their names printed above. The last board had a large map of the city pinned to it. 
There were at least thirty men and women in the room, rushing around, making phone calls, in discussion or staring at computers. What seemed to be a sea of tranquility last week had turned into a rush of chaos and madness. Harvey Wall was guided into Ribb’s office who was behind his desk and on the telephone. His guide quickly left the room, Wall remained standing. When Ribb finished his call he looked up at Wall with very tired eyes. 
‘Mr. Wall, I would love to explain everything to you about what’s happening at the moment but I don’t have the time. I’ve seen your file, I know what you can do, so I am posting you to work with detective Bakker.’
‘Yes sir.’
‘Mr. Bakker has been working most of the weekend non-stop so he is now catching up on some much-needed sleep. He should be here in about an hour or two. In the meantime I’ll get one of my other officers to brief you, and Mr. Bakker will fill you in on the finer details later.’ 
‘Yes sir.’ 
Ribb signaled to an older detective sitting behind a desk on the other side of Ribb’s glass partition. He immediately got up and entered Ribb’s office. 
‘This is Hendrik Pastoor, he will brief you.’
‘Thank you sir,’ Wall replied, and followed Hendrik Pastoor to the whiteboards. Hendrik was in his late fifties, maybe early sixties. He was slightly smaller than Wall, but taller than most of the men at the station, and had a girth that was much too large for the shirt he was wearing. He was certain the buttons were going to pop before the end of the day. Harvey noticed the darkened pores under his eyes –heavy nicotine addiction. The heavy smell of tobacco from a distance of at least two meters was also unmistakable. Hendrik pointed to the whiteboards with the photos. 
‘We have four deaths in four streets but actually it is one street.’ Hendrik told Wall, in a very strong Dutch accent. 
‘Pardon me? I don’t get it.’ Wall replied. ‘Four streets one street? What does that mean?’
Hendrik pointed to the map of Amsterdam on the board. Identical to the one in chief Ribb’s office it also had a black line running across it. Only now it was twice as long as last week. There were red dots with numbers, one, two, three, and four, which corresponded to the numbers on the four boards. Hendrik showed Wall a copy of the Telegraaf newspaper. There was a picture of the same section of the map of Amsterdam on the front page with the caption ‘4 mysterieuze doden in A’dam’. He didn’t need to speak Dutch to understand that.
‘Can you translate it?’ Hendrik asked.
‘Four mysterious deaths in Amsterdam?’
‘Very good, your Dutch is coming along great.’
Hendrik pointed to the different markers on the map. ‘This is the Bilderdijkstraat,’ he said, pointing to the far right, ‘the same street further changes to the Eerste Constantijn Huygensstraat.’ Wall knew he would never ever be able to pronounce that, ‘then you have the van Baerlestraat which carries on up to here to the Roelof Hartplein,’ he said, pointing to the far left. ‘All one street, four different names.’
‘When did all this happen,’ Wall asked.
‘Last week, but first every person were thinking natural causes. Now they don’t know.’
‘You mean everyone was thinking natural causes,’ wall said, correcting him.
‘I know. That is what I said.’ 
‘Okay,’ Harvey nodded. ‘What can I do?’
‘How is your Dutch?’ Hendrik asked.
‘Shit.’ Wall replied.
‘That’s a great Dutch word,’ Hendrik said humorously. ‘Don’t forget it. You will be using it a lot.’
Harvey looked at him, not knowing whether to laugh or write this guy off as a total blockhead. Hendrik went over to an empty desk across from where Bakker sat and collapsed into the small swivel chair. Wall was sure it was going to explode in all directions, it didn’t. Hendrik beckoned Wall to take the seat next to him. 
‘This is now your desk and computer from now on. ‘
‘Okay.’
He pushed a paper with two words printed on it towards Wall. ‘This is your username and password. When you login next time you can change them to anything you want.’
‘I got it.’
Hendrik pointed to a number on the top left-hand corner of the screen. ‘This is a case file number. For now you will only have access to this file. If you are a good little boy then maybe the chief will let you play around with the rest of the files.’
‘I understand. Thanks.’ Wall mumbled. 
Hendrik opened the file. ‘As you see, everything is in Dutch but after hearing shit I know it will not take long before you have mastered the Dutch language.’
Is this guy for real? Wall thought.
‘But to help you we have built into the system a translator that will immediately translate the file to another language. You speak German?’
‘No.’
‘French?’
‘No.’
‘Spanish?’
‘No, I only speak English.’ 
‘Ha, the American education system.’
‘Yeah, thanks.’
‘Well how many languages do you speak?’ Wall asked. 
‘English, German, French, a little Russian, and Spanish, although it is better than my Russian.’
‘Of course you can speak those languages,’ Wall said. ‘Most of those countries are just around the corner from Amsterdam, right?’
‘True,’ Hendrik agreed, nodding. ‘That is true. But Mexico is just down the road from you. Montréal, where they speak French, is nearly as far as Paris is from Amsterdam. Just up the road, correct?’
‘Okay, right, thanks for the geography lesson.’ Wall pointed to the four boards. ‘So these are the murders?’
‘No. They are not yet murders, but, you know, the papers are making a circus of it.’
This guy is a total nutcase, Harvey thought. How the hell do they manage with people like this. Bakker was another oddball but this guy badly needed to be put out to pasture. Probably it will not take that long before lung cancer, a heart attack, or crashing through one of those swivel chairs will do the trick.
‘What do I do?’ Wall asked.
Hendrik handed Wall a paper file. ‘These are interviews from people connected to the people who died. Neighbors, friends, family, people like that. They are all in Dutch but the same files are in the computer and you could translate them with a little click. Okay?’
‘Great, thanks,’ Wall said, with a deep sigh. 
As Hendrik got up to leave he turned to Wall. ‘I nearly forgot. The biggest help you will have at the moment to help you work through this is out the door, to the left and at the end of the corridor.’
‘What the hell is there?’
‘The coffee machine and it’s free.’ Hendrik said, then turned, and went back to his desk.
The coffee machine was a little different to the one back in the New York precinct, except this also had tea and soup. Wall opted for a cappuccino, which was surprisingly good. 
As he slowly began to settle down to work, he noticed Ribb on the phone and indicating to a number of officers in the room, including Hendrik Pastoor, to come into his office. Something was going on, but impossible to understand exactly what. When Ribb put down the phone, he started to address the men in the office in Dutch. Less than a minute later a day hurried out of the cramped office to their desks, grabbed what they needed, then rushed out of the squad room double time. From all the detectives in the room only two were left. Ribb remained at his desk typing at his computer for another couple of minutes, then got up to leave. As he grabbed his leather jacket on the back of his chair, Bakker arrived, looking tired and haggard.
‘I think some serious shit is going down.’ Wall told Bakker, as he was about to remove his scruffy coat. 
‘Do you know what it is?’
‘Sorry, I wasn’t invited to the briefing.’
As Ribb came out of his office, he pointed to Bakker and Wall, ‘with me,’ he said, as he rushed quickly past them and out the door.
‘Take your own car,’ Ribb shouted from the corridor, ‘and just follow me. I’ve no time to explain.’
Outside in the enclosed car park on the right hand side of the building Ribb got into an unmarked Volkswagen golf and quickly sped away towards the exit barrier, which slowly began to open.
‘My car is this way,’ Bakker shouted, as he ran towards a battered Citroen 2CV sitting in a corner parking slot. Wall looked on incredulously as Bakker jumped into the wreck of a car.
‘You’ve got to be kidding,’ Wall cried. 
‘Come on, we have to hurry,’ Bakker yelled, as the engine came to life and he put it in reverse.
‘What the fuck is this for a police car,’ Wall shouted back at Bakker as he jumped in and sped after Ribb, who was now out of the car park and heading over the bridge.
‘This isn’t a regular police car I hope?’
‘No, of course not. This is mine.’
They raced after Ribb’s Volkswagen that had now crossed the bridge and turned left onto the busy Nassaukade. Ribb turned on his siren, and planted a blue magnet police strobe light to the top of the car. Bakker drove out into the middle of the road and sped past other cars, doing his best to keep up with Ribb, and narrowly missing oncoming traffic. 
As they came up to the corner of the Overtoom Wall saw three police cars, an ambulance, and a forensics van parked outside an apartment near the corner on the left hand side. 
A large section of the footpath and street in front of the building was being cordoned off with tape by uniformed police. Two motor cycle cops were off their bikes and directing traffic to drive over the tram rails, usually only reserved for taxis and trams. A forensics team were putting on white protective overalls and shoe coverings, then began carrying small cases of equipment into the apartment. As Wall got out of the Citroen he spotted another couple of police cars, an ambulance, and traffic cops about a hundred and fifty meters further up the street, just before the next set of traffic lights. It looked like a separate incident. 
Bakker, Wall and Ribb changed into white overalls, then put on white plastic coverings over their shoes. When the latex gloves were on they followed Ribb up the stairs to the top floor apartment that looked recently renovated. Wall recognized the IKEA furniture throughout the living room. A white leather sofa and two matching armchairs dominated the center of the room. Modern prints in white wooden frames hung on the walls with single large tropical plants tastefully positioned at each corner. The floor was covered in large black and white Marmoleum squares making it look like a large chessboard. Wall followed Bakker and Ribb into the equally modern and tidy bedroom. 
Next to the Apple harmful was a scene he had never come across before in his life. Wall stared in disbelief at two bodies lying on the bed. On the left a young male in his early twenties lay with part of his upper jaw bone, teeth and lower jawbone melted onto the pillow. The girl next to him looked normal until a forensics assistant pulled back a sheet to reveal her stomach. Half of her waist had melted onto the bed.
‘Ever see anything like this back in the States, Mr. Wall?’ Ribb asked.
Flashes of many of the crime scenes he had witnessed raced through his mind. Stabbings, gunshot wounds to the belly and face, mutilation of bodies, even bits of body parts placed all around an apartment, with the head in a fruit bowl and partially covered with fruit. But he had never seen anything like this.
Wall shook his head slowly. ‘No sir,’ he said, stared in disbelief at the gruesome sight.
‘Okay, let’s go.’ Ribb commanded. He walked out of the apartment and back down the stairs. Out on the street, Ribb headed for the next crime scene, roughly one hundred and fifty meters away. 
‘There are three different crime scenes on this street.’ Ribb told them, as they walked up the street dressed in their white overalls and white plastic cover shoes. ‘There could be more so we are going to have to knock on all the doors.’ 

Cars and trams slowed to stare at the unusual sight as they headed up the Overtoom towards the traffic lights. At the crime scene they put on fresh shoe coverings and entered the apartment. The layout was roughly the same as the last apartment but the interior was totally different. Unlike the last apartment which was bright and modern, this was old and grey and probably had not seen any paint or fresh wallpaper in more than thirty years. From the living room they could hear the sound of an old man weeping. Ribb, Bakker and Wall looked in to see a man in his seventies sitting in an armchair, still dressed in faded blue striped pajamas. His hands were clasped around his head as he rocked back and forth.
‘I was meant to go first,’ he cried. ‘She was the strong one. Too much drink she kept telling me. And now look at her.’
Next to him stood a female medical assistant who was about to take him outside. ‘What happened to her,’ the old man shouted. ‘What in God’s name has happened?’ 
‘Let’s go outside,’ the assistant said. ‘Get some fresh air.’ 
Ribb, Wall and Bakker turned and headed for the bedroom which was like the rest of the apartment, old and dull. Aged flowery wallpaper was peeling in one corner, with fungus starting to take root. A large plant had been placed in front of it as if to cover up the damage. The old woman lay on the bed looking as if she was just resting. When Ribb entered the room a forensics officer pulled back the cover to reveal part of her body. It looked similar to the girl in the last apartment. The woman’s middle, from just below her chest to her pelvis had melted into the bed sheets.
Bakker muttered something guttural in Dutch Wall could not understand, but he reckoned it was the same thing he said in his mind at the sight of the body. Ribb stayed for less than a minute, giving instructions in Dutch to other detectives in the room, then left the apartment.
Back outside, Ribb had arranged a driver in a marked police car to drive them to the next crime scene. Ribb got into the passenger side while Bakker and Wall took a back seat.
‘All we know is that all of the deaths occurred sometime last night,’ Ribb told them in the car. ‘We know that because the first couple went to a concert, and the second couple were on the phone to their daughter. I hope nothing has been tampered with. Maybe now we might find some evidence this time.’
Wall looked puzzled. ‘Were the other crime scenes tampered with?’
‘They looked at first like natural deaths,’ Bakker said. ‘Heart ailments, that sort of thing. So family and friends cleaned up their apartments when they died making it difficult to find any evidence, if there was any at all.’
‘It seems to me these deaths have something in common,’ Wall said.
‘What’s that?’ Ribb replied.
‘None of them lived on the ground floor, whoever did this came in from the roof.’
‘That sounds logical, it’s something we investigated in the other deaths but failed to find anything.’
‘But,’ Wall continued, ‘most rooftops remain untouched for years, so it’s easy to leave footprints.’
‘We checked that. There were no footprints.’ 
‘Okay, so it is also easy to hear somebody walking over a roof above you. What if the intruder just walked along the gable walls. Sure he has a bigger chance of getting spotted but if he is wearing dark clothes and these things happen at night, he easily could walk along the edge of the front or the back of the building without being seen by anyone.’
‘Welcome to Amsterdam Mr. Wall,’ Ribb said.
‘Thank you sir. I’m very happy to be here. I thought I’d seen everything there is to see in murders and general crime in New York, but your city has definitely topped that.’
‘One more thing Mr. Wall.’
‘Yes sir?’
‘Please don’t call me sir. My name is Harry or in the presence of my other officers chief Ribb.’
‘Yes sir, sorry, Harry, chief.’ Wall blurted out. ‘You can just call me Harvey.’
‘Will do,’ Ribb said. 
When they arrived immediately went into the apartment of the third victim, which was on the top floor. When they entered the living room there was a male sitting in his chair watching television with his back to them. His fingers were still in the coffee cup handle resting on the armchair. From the back everything looked normal but when Wall walked around to the front he was stunned to see part of his body had melted onto the seat of the armchair. The only reason he was still sitting upright was because he was stuck. He was in his late fifties, grossly overweight, and slightly larger than the armchair. The tight fit held him in place.
‘You don’t see something like that every day, that’s for sure.’ Wall remarked.
‘Not true,’ Bakker said in a near whisper. ‘We found a body of a man in the bathtub last week that resembles something like this. The only part of him that did not look like a cartoon figure was his hair.’
‘No shit,’ Wall replied. ‘And no evidence?’
‘The cleaning lady who found a body got rid of any prints we could have possibly found.’
‘That’s nasty,’ Wall remarked, as he turned and went to look at the rest of the apartment.
In the kitchen forensics were dusting down all the surfaces and taking samples of coffee left in the coffee pot.
‘There is no sign of forced entry,’ a young female officer in uniform told Harry Ribb.
‘Okay,’ Ribb said, then turned to the photographer. ‘Could you get some shots on the roof? Also check the front and back gables to see if anybody has walked them.’
‘I’ll get onto it right away.’ The photographer finished taking his photographs, packed up his equipment and headed for the bedroom at the back of the apartment. Ribb and Bakker left the apartment together while Wall went back to look at the man in the armchair. He leaned in close to get a better look at the victim. There was a liquid oozing from the body, and running slowly down the leather seat. Clearly the process had not finished working. Wall called over one of the forensics team.
‘This stuff is still active. Maybe you take a sample from this and get it down to your lab right away.’
‘Yes Sir,’ the forensics guy replied. It suddenly hit Wall that Sir was said a lot back in the states, but here in a foreign country it seemed to be out of place. Back home it was either used in authority or respect from a younger to an older man. Wall wondered if there was a Dutch equivalent that worked the same way. The forensics expert took a small container out of his brushed aluminum case that contained an array of scientific instruments and containers and began to collect liquid oozing from the body. Suddenly there were shouts from outside the apartment. Wall went to the window and looked down to see Ribb being mobbed by a group of reporters, photographers and TV crews as he left out of the building. Wall smiled. At least that was a scene he could relate to. 
His captain back in New York loved the limelight – in fact he tried to be in the picture at every major crime scene as often as possible. But he saw that Ribb tried his best to avoid the hordes of journalists and ignore the questions they were shouting at him to answer. At that moment the sound of a woman screaming somewhere on the street caught everybody’s attention. 

Roughly one hundred and fifty meters further up the Overtoom a middle-aged woman came screaming out of an apartment. 
The attention of the media crews suddenly left Ribb and all cameras turned towards the woman. In a crazed panic state she ran out onto the road and narrowly missing a bus. One of the traffic cops mounted his motorbike and was about to race off when Ribb waved him down and jumped on the back. For some reason Wall could not see his boss pulling off that one. 
The media people quickly picked up as much equipment as they could carry and dashed after Ribb, who had now reached the woman. Wall turned and rushed down the stairs, out the door and onto the street. When he reached the scene Ribb had already gone into the building. 
The hysterical woman outside was being comforted by the traffic cop, who was doing his best to calm her down. She was still screaming and shouting in Dutch. Wall ran into the building. The entrance led immediately to a stairs which went all the way up to the top apartment. 
There he found Ribb standing over a dead cat on the floor next to the kitchen. Wall suddenly thought it was a joke. The cat looked as if it had been flattened by a steamroller. Its fur, legs and head all looked normal, except flat. A dark grey brown liquid had drained out of its mouth and anus and spread over the floor. The smell was horrific.
‘Take a look around Mr. Wall. See if you can find something of interest. But don’t touch anything at all.’
‘Yes chief,’ Wall said, still not feeling comfortable enough to call him by his first name.
‘I’ll check out the kitchen,’ Ribb replied.
In the living room there was nothing apparent, only lots of greenery covering the windows and everywhere else. Potted plants covered every available flat surface of the room. The Dutch do like their plants, Wall thought. 
The bedroom had a single bed, the woman obviously lived alone. A large cross hung above the bed with Greek and Russian holy icons covering all the walls. A religious nut, Wall thought, and he didn’t like cats either. When he went into the kitchen, Ribb was gone. 
Like the other kitchens he had seen an Amsterdam, this one was also small and compact. He checked the windows. There was a small square open window at the top. It would have been easy to access the latch on the larger window below it, he thought. Wall looked down at the windowsill on the outside. 
There was a mark that looked like the print of a large bird at one end, three toes at the front and one at the rear, and at the opposite end of the windowsill a couple of sharp indentations. He removed his iPhone from the inside of his jacket pocket and made a couple of photos of the footprint. When he zoomed in on the other end it looked more like scratching from a sharp metal object; possibly a knife. But there were no shoe prints, or any other type of identifiable mark. 
‘Chief,’ Wall called out. ‘In here.’ He could hear Harry Ribb coming from the other side of the apartment.
‘There are some marks on the very edge of the windowsill, as if whoever it was did not want to leave any prints. I think they reached in through the small window at the top, and opened the larger window below it to get in.’
‘Very good Mr. Wall. That’s what I suspected. Apparently the woman gave the cat coffee milk. I don’t think you have that in the states, but it’s very popular here, only the woman always drinks her coffee black.’ Wall gave him a puzzled look.
‘There are a couple of used coffee cups in the sink, not yet washed, and I think you’ll see that the remains of coffee left in them is black,’ Ribb said. ‘No milk.’
‘Yeah right, I would have worked that one out.’
‘And I think you’ll find there is a substance in the milk that was actually meant for her.’
Wall nodded in agreement. ‘But don’t cats get diarrhea when you give them milk? I thought they were lactose intolerant,’ he said, looking down at the liquid mess that had come out of the cat.
‘Yes, it does seem like it. Are you a cat lover Mr. Wall?’
‘Not really, no.’
‘Neither am I. But I’ll get forensics up here to check out this apartment anyway.’ 
Wall looked at Ribb in the eye. Was that a joke? But Ribb stared back with a deadpan face.

In the late afternoon the amount of detectives in the squad room had doubled to about fifty. There were four extra whiteboards lined up next to the others. Photographs taken at the new crime scene were stuck on each, along with the relevant information such as name, age. It was all very familiar for Wall. The Monday morning newspapers had long arrived and were now running the news of the deaths from last week and Friday night. 
‘I don’t get it.’ Wall said to Bakker, who was now sitting across from him at his computer. Deaths from last week and they are only publishing them now?’
‘They were on the radio and TV of course but discovered too late to be included in the Saturday editions, and unlike many other countries there are no Sunday papers in the Netherlands,’ Bakker said. 
The street outside the front of the police station was wide with two tram lines running each way and a single lane for cars on the nearside heading towards the Leidseplein. Unfortunately on the far side of the Marnixstraat all the major national and international broadcasting companies had set up their broadcast and satellite trucks to follow the story. 
Among the satellite vans Wall could see a truck with a CNN logo and a female reporter standing next to it, broadcasting her report in front of a camera. Wall went over to a television in the corner of the room, picked up the remote and handed it to Bakker. 
‘Could you switch that to CNN right now? ‘
‘Sure,’ Bakker replied, and quickly found the station. The broadcast was live. The red info banner along the bottom of the picture gave her name. Kelly Westen was dark blonde, who seemed to fit in well with the Dutch stereotypes, Wall thought, and dressed in light green body hugging dress. Harvey took the remote and turned up the sound so everyone in the room could hear.
‘So far there are no clues as to how these people died.’ Kelly Westen said. The buzz in the room quickly went quiet as everyone turned to listen. She had a typical North Midwestern accent, Wall thought. She was not from Chicago; otherwise she would probably have a more nasal sound to it. Wall reckoned she was of Dutch descent, probably from West Michigan where many Dutch had settled in the eighteenth and nineteenth century. 
‘It began with one bizarre incident last week,’ she said. The newspaper drawing of Raymond Dort lying in his bathtub flashed up on the screen. ‘Mr. Raymond Dort, died in the southern district of Amsterdam, and then there were four suspect deaths along what is basically one street.’
A map of Amsterdam was shown marking out the deaths. ‘Now it seems there are a number of new deaths along another street crossing over the first. From the local reports they appear to be even stranger than the first. We have reports of people who seem to have melted into their beds or armchairs.’ A photo of the man in the armchair was shown. They showed most of the body, but left his face blurred. 
‘That was probably taken by a neighbor or the person who discovered the body in the first place.’ Bakker told Wall.
‘Checking with international sources,’ Kelly continued. ‘No deaths have ever occurred like this anywhere before and at the moment there are no answers to the many questions. Have these people been poisoned? Is it a virus? Could this be the start of an outbreak of something bigger? The Dutch government in The Hague say their best police officers and scientists are working on what now seems to be one big mystery. Unfortunately the Dutch police are saying nothing at all which seems to be the norm here in the Netherlands.’ 
The camera zoomed in slowly towards the sign ‘Politie’ on the front of the building on the Marnixstraat. In the shot Harvey Wall could be seen with a coffee cup in hand staring down at the reporter and camera crew. 
‘The information CNN have received is from neighbors and friends of the victims. What the Dutch police may be hiding only heightens the mystery. Could this be Def-Con City? The end of life as we know it? This is Kelly Westen, for CNN, signing off, live from Amsterdam.’ 
Harvey Wall switched off the television and looked around. The room was silent. Everyone had watched the broadcast, including Harry Ribb, who was standing at the door of his office. 
‘Def-Con City Mr. Wall?’ Harry Ribb asked. ‘Any idea what that means?’ 
‘I think she is referring to the military term for defense condition or called Def-Con in short, used by the White House. I believe it was introduced in the late fifties or early sixties and was related to war. It was a count-down system that began at five. As far as I can remember Def-Con five would mean that everything was okay but if Def-Con one was reached the nuclear bombs are in the air and nothing would ever be the same again. That’s what she meant. Def-Con City, the end of life as we know it.’ Wall went back to his desk and sat down.
‘Great,’ Ribb said. ‘If we didn’t have a panic before, we do now.’ 


~~~~


This was episode 2 of ‘The Amsterdam Chronicles ‘ DEF-CON CITY part 1

Def-Con City is a trilogy and published in episodes within the ‘The Amsterdam Chronicles’.

Def-Con City part 1 is published in 4 episodes.

Published through Smashwords.com.

Visit “The Amsterdam Chronicles” Website
www.theamsterdamchronicles.com

See more books from Brian Christopher
www.brianchristophernovels.com

If you have any remarks or comments out this series, I would love to hear them!
Contact the Author: brian@theamsterdamchronicles.com



