Hot Adorable Amor



A Tempest of Love, Steamy Romance, Intrigue, And Suspense
Hot Adorable Amor



De La Cruz Saga by P.T. Macias

Hot Adorable Amor, De La Cruz Saga By P.T. Macias
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2014 P.T. Macias
By P. T. Macias.
Copyright © 2014 By P. T. Macias.
ISBN-13:978-1484067550
ISBN-10:148406755X
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the copyright owner.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
This book was printed in the United States of America.
Dedication

I’m dedicating this book with all of my amor to my esposo, hijos, nietos, hermanos, and familia. 
Thank you for your patience, amor, support and believing.  
Thank you for your amor Arturo.  Special thanks to my son Andres for the heart design, my daughter Erica and son Ricardo for their assistance. Te amo!

Special Acknowledgements

I want to give special thanks to Marsha Thomas Berg my assistant and editor. Her dedication to me and the saga is amazing and immensely appreciated. Marsha strives to perfect my work. 
Chapter One

The beautiful De La Cruz Hacienda is located in the outskirts of the city. The three De La Cruz patriarchs enjoy riding and tending to the farm animals. The De La Cruz primos (cousins) love to enjoy some of their free time riding the amazing Palominos that they’re fond of. 
Alex finishes rubbing down the Palomino. He turns to Tony. “Tony you’re done? I’m ready to go and have some fun. You’re going out with us tonight, right?” asks Alex. 
They walk down to the black pickup. “Si (yes), primo (cousin) (cousin), I’m going. Have you heard from Nick? We miss him. Do you know when he’s coming home?” asks Tony. 
“No, Tony, he wouldn’t answer any of our calls. He’s being stubborn,” says Alex, shaking his head. 
“Well, what’s the deal with him? Nobody knows why he left and he hasn’t bothered to visit or call,” asks Tony, getting into the pickup.
“Primo (cousin), I don’t have a clue,” replies Alex, driving out of the hacienda. I can’t tell my primo (cousin) what’s going on. Not until Nick learns the truth, muses Alex.
Alex pulls up in front of his Tio’s (uncles) casa (home). Tony exits the truck quickly. “See you in a while primo (cousin),” says Tony, closing the door. 
“Si (yes), primo (cousin), I’ll see you at the club,” replies Alex, nodding. 
A few hours later Alex is walking into the club with his brother, Christian.  
The club is packed. The De La Cruz primos (cousins) are out to have a great time. They lean against the tiled counter top drinking some Corona’s. 
“Christian, I went to the ranch earlier today to ride. Have you seen the new stallion that our padres (parents) bought? Beautiful, absolutely beautiful,” says Alex, nodding.
“No, I haven’t. Damn! You know that I’m always on the base,” replies Christian, grinning. “I can’t wait to get to ride them.”
“Hell, yeah, primo (cousin)! We went this morning. Yeah, it was sweet. I love to ride in the morning,” says Tony, nodding. He turns to look around the club. 
“Primo (cousin), look at those chicas (girls),” says Tony. He grins, pointing out two cute chicas (girls). 
Alex looks at the chicas (girls) across the club. Two cute young chicas (girls) are sitting near the door to the courtyard. One chica has short hair and the other one has shoulder length hair. I like their smiles, thinks Alex. 
Alex takes a drink of his Corona. “Si, primo (cousin) they’re cute,” says Alex, nodding. “Do you want to ask them to dance?” 
“Si, primo (cousin), lets go,” replies Tony, looking at Christian. 
“Yeah, you two go have fun because tonight I just want to relax,” says Christian. He takes a drink of his Corona. I don’t feel like playing tonight, thinks Christian.
“Si hermano, I’ll see you tomorrow,” says Alex. He turns to eye the chicas (girls). “Okay, Tony, lets go.”
“Si, Alex, I’m ready,” replies Tony. He takes the last drink of his Corona. He nods at Christian and turns to follow Alex down the bar. 
Later that evening, after the club, Alex drives home. The chicas (girls) were fun to dance and talk to, but I didn’t feel a thing, thinks Alex, driving home. 
Alejandro Andres De La Cruz is also known as el doctor (the doctor) Alex. The familia (family) is real proud of Alex. He’s the familia’s doctor. 
He’s almost home when his cell phone went off. The text is from the hospital. Great! Just great! They need me in the ER tonight and I’m so tired. What time is it? Shit! It’s three in the morning, muses Alex. 
He turns his car around and heads to the hospital. Well, it’s great that I’m up, he thinks with sarcasm. He strides into the ER and quickly changes into some green scrubs. The scrubs cause his beautiful green eyes to look shiny and full of vitality. 
Alex is real sexy and very handsome. Alex is six feet one and built on the lean side. He has nice biceps and abs. His beautiful green eyes are surrounded by black long lashes. His face has high cheekbones with a long square jaw and full lower lip that’s very enticing to the chicas (girls). 
Alex strolls down the hall of the ER, watching the uproar. The ER is busy with the Physician’s Assistants and Doctors helping the patients. They’re running in and out of the rooms. 
“Hi, I’m Dr. De La Cruz and I was called in. Can you give me the status of the patient and medical file,” asks Alex, smiling. He observes the bella (beautiful) chica.
“Yes, Doctor De La Cruz I was the one that called you in. We need you with the patient in room ten,” replies a bella young Mexican Physician’s Assistant. She was recently hired. 
She smiles at Alex. Wow, what a handsome doctor! I wonder if he’s single, thinks Carolina.
“Okay, thanks,” says Alex, looking at the bella chica. He turns to evaluate the patient. She must be new because I don’t recall meeting her. She looks young. I think she’s on the graveyard shift. Hmmm, I need to look into her. She’s beautiful and sexy, thinks Alex. He strides down to the room.
Alex enters the examination room. “Mr. Black, I’m Doctor De La Cruz and I will be attending you,” says Alex. He starts to do the basic vital checks and ask the regular questions. “I’m going to get some tests done and we’ll discuss what’s ailing you when we have the test results.” 
“Thank you, Doctor De La Cruz,” says Mr. Black with a weak smile. He rests back onto the bed. 
“I need you to try to relax. I’ll return when I have the test results,” says Alex. He gives him an encouraging smile and walks out of the room.
Alex approaches the Physician’s Assistant to request the tests. “I need to have these test done immediately,” says Alex. He hands her the instructions. “What’s your name? I haven’t seen you before.”
“Doctor De La Cruz, my name is Carolina Crystal Reyes,” replies Carolina. She smiles, looking at him. The smile brightens her entire face. Her green eyes sparkle and glow. Hmmm, he is so handsome. I absolutely love his green eyes. “Dr. De La Cruz, is there anything else you would need?”
“Yes, as soon as the test results are in, please tell me. I’ll be in my office,” says Alex. 
He smiles. I love how her smile brightens her entire face and her huge green eyes are simply incredible with those long curly black eyelashes. Hmm, I love her heart shaped face, with soft full red lips. Damn yes, she’s extremely bella. I want to get to know her, thinks Alex. He gazes into her eyes. 
“Okay, Doctor De La Cruz,” says Carolina turning. She immediately starts to procure the tests. Si, I need to get these tests done, thinks Carolina. 
It’s been extremely busy tonight. That’s why I had to call him in. I’m so happy that I met Dr. De La Cruz. He seems so nice. I don’t know if he’s single. I need to see if I can get some information without causing any issues. I wonder if I would ever see him again. He appeared interested in talking to me or maybe I was imagining it. I don’t know much about chicos (guys). I recently started to work here and I don’t want to cause any issues, muses Carolina. 
I’m almost done with my shift. I need to get back to see my abuela (grandma). She wasn’t feeling well when I left for work, thinks Carolina. I don’t see him anywhere. I think he’s left.

Alex stands, watching her leave with her long dark French braided ponytail swinging left to right. The ponytail mesmerizes him, as well as the sway of her hips until she turns the corner. 
Hmm, I would love to have her glorious hair all around me. Damn, she has me completely aching for her. My senses flared to life when she was near me. She smells delicious. I swear that her eyes reached and ensnared my alma (soul). I love the sound of her name, Carolina Crystal Reyes, thinks Alex. He turns and strides to his office.  
I wonder how long she’s been working here. He went to the Physician’s Assistant work shifts schedule to see if he could get any additional information on Carolina Crystal Reyes, I even like her name. Hmmm, she smells delicious. 
Okay, I better go and check up on the other patients, thinks Alex. He gets up to see the medical charts. He reviews the vitals of the other three patients. 
Great, the patients are now stable and ready to leave. Tonight wouldn't be too bad. I’ll wait for the test results and then leave when the next shift starts, thinks Alex. 
A few hours later, Alex is ready to leave. Yes, this is great! The shift is finally over. The patients are now in their rooms or have gone home. Damn, I didn’t have the chance to speak to Carolina Crystal Reyes. All night, I only caught a glimpse of her amazing long braided hair swaying back and forth. Damn, I’m aching. I don’t see her anywhere. I’m done and I need to give the next doctors the status on the new patients, thinks Alex, taking off his scrubs. 

“Abuela (Grandmother), I’m home,” says Carolina, walking into the casa. “Abuela, are you doing okay?”
“Si, mi (my) hija,” moans Abuela Carmen. She shifts on the bed. “I’m over here in my room. I couldn’t get out of bed this morning. Do you think you can get me something to eat before you go to bed?” 
Carolina approaches her Abuela and gives her a soft tender beso (kiss) on her cheek. “Si, Abuela, I’ll prepare your breakfast right now. Then I’m taking a shower to go to sleep. I think that before I go into work, I’m going to help you take a shower. I’m also going to give you a massage,” replies Carolina, nodding.
“Si, my hija (daughter), I wouldn’t need anything for a while. Oh, si, the massage sounds heavenly,” replies Abuela Carmen. 
Carolina returns with a tray with some oatmeal, a banana, and cup of coffee. “Abuela, here’s your breakfast. I’m taking a shower,” says Carolina. 
“Okay, my hija, this smells good,” says Abuela Carmen.

Chapter Two

The next few days fly quickly. Carolina makes a new friend. A young Physician’s Assistant was transferred into the ER graveyard shift. “I’m glad to meet you Rosie Sanchez,” says Carolina. “I’ve only been working here for a few months.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Carolina. I’m glad that I was transferred into the ER. I want to study the different types of medical conditions. I’m considering becoming a doctor. I want to know if I can handle it,” says Rosie, nodding. 
“Wow, that sounds awesome, Rosie. I’m glad that you’re trying to reach for your dreams,” says Carolina, nodding. “I’ll talk to you in a few. I need to talk to Nurse Thomas, our head nurse. She wants to meet with me.”
“Si, good luck,” replies Rosie, taking a file from the counter. 
Carolina strides quickly to the head nurse office. She knocks on the door, standing at the door frame. Hmmm, I wonder what she wants to talk about, thinks Carolina. 
She waits for Nurse Thomas to look up from her papers. “Ms. Reyes,” says Nurse Thomas. She waves her in and stands to close the door.
“Hi, Nurse Thomas,” replies Carolina. She sits straight and confident in the dark wood chair. I know that I have done a great job. I know I haven’t done anything that would warrant any type of disciplinary action, muses Carolina. 
“Ms. Reyes, I asked to meet with you because you have reached your ninety days work probation. I’m happy to inform you that you have reached and exceeded the expectations for your position. We have had nothing but great reports on your work from the doctors. I want to inform you that you’ve earned your first pay increase. Congratulations, Ms. Reyes. Welcome on board,” says Nurse Thomas. She hands Carolina the paperwork. 
“Thank you, Ms. Thomas,” replies Carolina, taking the paperwork. “I’m looking forward to working here in the ER. I enjoy the pace.”
“Yes, we're aware that you’re able to keep up. Thank you for your hard work,” says Nurse Thomas.
“Thank you,” says Carolina, standing to leave. She strides, smiling, to her work station. 
Rosie returns to the work station after applying some medication to a fire burn patient. “Carolina, what happened?” asks Rosie. 
“I passed my ninety days work probation and I received my first pay increase. I’m so happy. I can now start to save for a deposit for my car. You know I take the bus,” says Carolina. 
“I’m happy for you, Carolina. I still have a few more days. Maybe I would also get the same great news that you did,” says Rosie, nodding. 
“Si, I’ll pray for you, Rosie. We need to check on the patients,” says Carolina. She stands and goes to check on the patients. 
Carolina checks on the vitals of the last two new patients. “Okay, the doctor should be in a few minutes. You can push this button if you need anything,” says Carolina. 
She stops in the storage room to get some supplies. She reaches for the top shelf to get the gowns. She stops as she hears some conversation down the other side of the shelves. 
“I’m telling you, Betty, that Dr. De La Cruz is simply scrumptious. I know that everyone has tried to catch his attention. He doesn’t notice any of us,” says Carol. 
“Really, and I think that he’s such a hunk. I also heard that he hasn’t dated any doctors. I wonder why? He’s scheduled to work tonight. I can’t wait to look at him,” says Betty, grinning.
“Yeah, you and I will have to work hard to catch a glimpse of him because he only comes out of his office to check on the patients. He doesn’t make any small talk with the nurses. Carolina is the one that’s assigned to assist him tonight. Oh, well, maybe next time,” says Carol.
“You know, Carol, that nobody truly has any details about his personal life. I wonder why?” says Betty. 
“I don’t know why. Well, we need to get back to work,” says Carol. “Help me get the tray on top.”
“Okay,” replies Betty. 
OMG, I need to get out of here. They can’t catch me listening, Wow, everyone is in love with Dr. De La Cruz. I don’t have a chance. Nobody has managed to catch his attention. I can’t believe that I’m assigned to work with him tonight. This is going to be heaven and hell. I’m dying to see him, thinks Carolina. 

Okay, I love it! Nobody is here at the hacienda. I’m going to gallop down to the lake. Yeah! I love the feeling of speeding through the fields, thinks Alex. He turns to gallop through some trees. 
Damn, look at the green color of the water. The way the water sparkles from the sunrays reminds me of Carolina’s eyes, muses Alex. He smiles, remembering her smile. 
I wonder if I will see her on my ER duty tonight. It has been a few days since I was called in to assist. That night was loco (crazy). I tried to get some information on her without giving away my interest. Nobody had any information. This is the first time that a chica detonated all of my senses. 
Okay, I need to get back and get ready to leave. I want to make my normal rounds, thinks Alex. He rides back to the hacienda and brushes down the black beautiful mare. 
“Okay, Luna, I have to leave. I’ll return in a few days,” says Alex, rubbing his hand down her mane. He smiles, gazing into the mare’s eyes. “Adios (goodbye).”
Alex strides down the dirt road to get into the pickup. Quickly, he drives home. 
Later that day, he strolls down the hospital hall towards his office. This hallway is empty now. Everyone has gone home. I still have my extra shift to do in the ER. Damn, yes, I want to see Carolina, ponders Alex.  
He returns to his office and attempts to take a cat nap. I need to take a small rest. Thank god I'm off tomorrow. I’ll return on Monday for my regular shift, thinks Alex. He settles into his office chair. 
He sinks into his chair, leaning back. Damn, I can’t sleep. All I want to do is go look at Carolina. I need to know more about her. I need to talk to her and hold her, muses Alex. He closes his eyes in the attempt to take a nap.

Hmm, Doctor De La Cruz is in his office. I need to take him the test results, thinks Carolina, biting her lower lip. He’s so handsome. I wonder if I can get him to notice me. Yeah, every nurse in this hospital wants him. I’m not the only one.
Carolina lightly knocks on his door and opens it. She slowly walks in. Okay, he’s at his desk and he’s sleeping. Hmmm, he’s probably worked all day and wants to take a nap. He’s so handsome, thinks Carolina. 
She looks at him sleep. I just love his lips they look so delicious. She leans down closer to look at him.  
Wow, it’s Carolina. I’m not going to move. I want to see her reactions. Damn, she’s looking at me real close. I can tell that she’s tempted to touch me. Should I wake up? I can also pretend that I’m dreaming and pull her closer for a beso (kiss). Yeah, that’s a great idea, thinks Alex.  
Alex pulls her into his arms and quickly kisses her. Yeah, I can’t mull over this and I have to do it quickly before she escapes, muses Alex.
Wow, Carolina tastes delicious and her lips are so soft and silky, thinks Alex, lost in her taste. He waits for her to open her lips to deepen the beso (kiss). 
Dr. De La Cruz is kissing me! What should I do? I don’t know if he’s dreaming or awake. Hmm, he tastes heavenly and I want his beso (kiss), thinks Carolina. She opens her lips to allow him to deepen his beso (kiss). 
She doesn’t know how to kiss. Wow, she seems to be real naïve and innocent. Can this even be possible in today’s world? I need her closer, thinks Alex. He deepens his beso (kiss) exploring every inch of her mouth, moaning. 
She’s so warm and melting right into me. She’s responding with such innocence. I’m getting all worked up from a beso (kiss), thinks Alex.
Oh, dios mio, I feel so warm and I want more. I want to get closer to him, thinks Carolina. She wraps her arms around his neck. She pulls him closer. Hmmm, I think I feel him, he’s so hard and big, moans Carolina. 
This chica is killing me. I’m dying from need. I don’t think she knows what she’s doing and this is not the right time. I better pull back, thinks Alex.
Alex pulls back and opens his eyes. He gazes into Carolina’s huge green eyes. 
Hmmm, she’s smiling. And I just love her beso (kiss), thinks Alex. 
“Carolina, I don’t know what to say. We need to get back to work,” says Alex. He observes her blush. 
“Si, Doctor De La Cruz,” says Carolina. She gets up out of his arms in a hurry, blushing “Here are the test results for Mr. Taylor in room two. Dr. Williams ordered these tests. Is there anything else you need assistance in?” asks Carolina. 
She stands anxiously, looking at him, embarrassed. What if he thinks I’m not a serious worker? That I’m young and irresponsible? Oh, dios mio (omg), I’m dying from embarrassment. Hmmm, I hope not because I’m so embarrassed. I don’t know what to do. What will he think of me? I’m not a slut, ponders Carolina, blushing.
“No, Ms. Reyes, this is it. I will review the results and I will advise Mr. Taylor,” says Alex. He’s attempting to be professional and avoid embarrassing her any further. 
“Okay, Dr. De La Cruz,” says Carolina. She turns to stride quickly out of his office. 
Alex walks out of the office. Damn, I’m glad that we’re basically alone. The other Physician’s Assistants are on the phone and attending to the other patients, muses. Alex. Wow thank you dios mio (my god). Nobody noticed our passionate encounter. I have never, ever reacted like this from a simple beso (kiss). Carolina detonates my senses. Hmmm, I wish I could adjust my aching shaft. 
Alex enters the room where Mr. Taylor is waiting for the results. “Mr. Taylor, I’m Dr. De La Cruz. I’m going to finish attending you. Dr. Williams is not available. I have good news. You don’t have any urgent medical problems with your intestines. The test results indicate that you have food poisoning. I’ll be giving you a prescription that should make you feel much better in a few days. I would recommend that you make a follow up appointment with your doctor. You need to watch what you eat in the next twenty-four hours,” says Alex. 
“Dr. De La Cruz, thanks,” says Mr. Taylor, with a grateful smile. “I’m so happy I don’t have any major issues with my organs.”
“I agree that it’s good news. I will have the Physician’s Assistant give you an injection. This should help with the pain and for the food poisoning. You can fill your prescription in the pharmacy.”
“Thank you,” says Mr. Taylor, lying back down, trying to get comfortable on the hard medical bed.
“Good bye,” says Alex. He walks out of the room to the Physician’s Assistant to give her the instructions “Ms. Green, I need you to administer this prescription to Mr. Taylor in room two.” 
“Yes, Dr. De La Cruz,” says Ms. Green, going over Mr. Taylor’s medical chart and the prescription.
Alex turns and returns to his office. Hmmm, I wonder where Carolina is. She must be on her break. Oh well, I need to take a nap I’m exhausted, thinks Alex. He settles into the chair.
Chapter Three

I don’t know what to do. I’m so embarrassed, thinks Carolina, in the ladies restroom. She has a cold wet towel that she’s using to press against her hot, flushed face. I want him so bad. He’s everything that I have dreamed of. He’s a young, successful educated Mexican man. Oh, yeah, and he is so handsome and sexy. I really loved his beso (kiss). I wonder if he finished attending to Mr. Taylor. I need to get back to my work station. I’m really glad that no one was around to notice. 
Carolina returns to her work station and notices that Mr. Taylor is getting ready to leave. 
Ms. Green, the Physician’s Assistant just finished giving him an injection. Good. Now the ER will be almost empty and I can think of what to do, muses Carolina. She takes a few files to review before checking on the patients. 
Alex wakes up after about thirty minutes of sleep. Good thing that I learned how to take small naps when I was an intern. I wouldn’t be able to function otherwise, ponders Alex. He stands and returns to monitor the patients.
I wonder if there’re any new patients. And, of course, I need to see Carolina. Yeah, she’s right there, working away. She looks so dedicated and eager to learn. I know that I like her. I wonder if she would go out with me, debates Alex. He strides down to the nurse’s station. 
The other Physician’s Assistants are attending to the last patients, which are ready to leave.
Alex goes to see if there are any new patients. He turns to look at Carolina and walks towards her. 
Hmmm, he’s back and I’m so embarrassed, thinks Carolina, blushing. She attempts to concentrate on the open file in front of her. I really just want to die from embarrassment. 
“Ms. Reyes, I’ll be in my office if you need me,” says Alex. He looks at her. 
Yeah, she’s looking up and I can see that she’s still embarrassed and confused. I don’t blame her. My behavior was inappropriate for the work environment. This is not the right place or the correct work environment for any person. I shouldn’t have kissed her. My mistake I should apologize. She’s so young and so naïve, thinks Alex. 
“Ms. Reyes, I would like to speak to you in my office,” says Alex. He looks at her. He turns and strides to his office. I hope that she doesn’t think that I regret kissing her because I don’t. I only know that it was not the appropriate thing to do. I overstepped myself, thinks Alex.
This is great. Just great, thinks Carolina. She stands and follows him into his office, closing the door. I don’t want anybody to hear him chew me out. 
She turns to look at him anxiously. Yeah, I’m so lucky to fall for a doctor. He’s most likely out of my reach. I really do like him. I wish he liked me, considers Carolina.
“Ms. Reyes, I want to apologize for my actions. I shouldn’t have taken advantage of our situation. I was not behaving very professionally,” says Alex. I pray that she would forgive me. She looks surprised and embarrassed, thinks Alex.  
Carolina is shocked. I wasn’t expecting an apology. It wasn’t only his fault. I really loved his beso (kiss). “Dr. De La Cruz,” says Carolina. I’m not sure how to continue. She takes a few steps towards him, blushing like crazy.
Alex stands, watching her beautiful eyes reflecting her emotions. 
“I don’t think you’re entirely to blame. I shouldn’t have encouraged you,” says Carolina. 
She blushes a deeper red. She gazes into his beautiful green eyes. “I enjoyed your beso (kiss),” she whispers, bushing.
She didn’t mind my beso (kiss). Damn, this makes me very happy. Maybe I have a chance to go out with her. I really want to date her, thinks Alex. He watches her get closer.
She turns a darker shade of red looking at him. He looks so surprised and pleased, thinks Carolina, right before he pulls her into his arms. 
Alex reacts without thought. He pulls her into his arms. I want one, just one sweet beso (kiss). He moans with pleasure when he touches her lips. She tastes so good that I just want one more beso (kiss). Alex holds her tighter. 
Carolina is surprised and pleased with his reaction. I just love his beso (kiss), thinks Carolina, moving her arms up.
She pulls him down closer to her, returning his hot beso (kiss), moaning with pleasure. She runs her fingers though his silky hair. Si, he’s what I always wanted.
Carolina is damn sweet and innocent. She detonates my senses, thinks Alex. 
He has his hands on her hips. He pulls her closer to his raging shaft. I want her so desperately, thinks Alex.
“Carolina, I want you,” whispers Alex hoarsely against her lips.
Did I hear him correctly? I can’t believe it. He wants me? What should I do? I really want him. “Okay,” she whispers. She pulls away to look into his beautiful green eyes, seeing all of his hot pasión (passion). 
Does she even know what I want? She’s such an innocent and I’m taking advantage of her if I do take her. I can’t do this to her. No, not here at work, reflects Alex.
“Carolina, do you know what I want?” asks Alex. He looks into her huge innocent green eyes, waiting for her reply.
“Si, I do,” replies Carolina. She pulls him down for another hungry beso (kiss).
Alex moans with pleasure. She wants me and we can’t do anything here, thinks Alex.
Damn, she definitely learned quickly and she’s branding her essence into my alma (soul), thinks Alex.
Alex pulls her closer so she can feel his need. I wonder if she would get scared, he thinks. He gives her a hungry hot beso (kiss). He leaves her lips to kiss her neck savoring her taste. Si, I really need to mark her, thinks Alex. She’s mia (mine), only mia. 
Alex pulls back when he hears the next shift start to come in “Carolina, we can’t do anything here,” he says. “Can I take you home?”
Carolina looks at him and smiles. “Si,” replies Carolina. Her eyes sparkle, illuminating her huge green eyes. She’s full of pasión. Oh, dios mio (omg), I really want him. 
“I’ll wait for you in the parking garage. Do you have your car?” asks Alex. If she has a car I can follow her home, muses Alex. 
“No, I don’t have a car,” she says. She bites her lower lip, trying not to get nervous. “I’ll be out as soon as I finish giving the update on the patients to the next Physician’s Assistant,” says Carolina. Hmmm, would he get anxious and leave me?
“Okay,” replies Alex. He smiles when he notices how nervous she is. “If you change your mind, it will be okay. Carolina, I’ll be waiting for you.” He lets her go.
Alex gathers his keys from the desk and walks out of his office. I pray that nobody notices that we were in my office together. 
He strides out to the garage and gets into his car. She’s sweet, bella, and real sexy. The best part is that she’s so innocent and honest. She really did brand my alma (soul) like no other chica ever did, thinks Alex.
I don’t know what to do, thinks Carolina. She wraps up her shift. She gives the status of the patients to the Physician’s Assistant. 
I do want him, but should I wait until I know him better. He’s everything I ever dreamed my hombre (man) would be. I know he has a real good alma. I could feel his alma brand my alma. 
Will he even want me tomorrow? Should I risk everything for just one night? My abuela would get real pissed off at me. Oh, dios mio, he’s everything I ever dreamed of. I know I will go to him because I might not have another opportunity, thinks Carolina. 
She grabs her purse and walks towards the garage. I’ll take this risk because I know he’s worth it. 
Damn yes, there she is. She doesn’t appear nervous. She didn’t change her mind. She had plenty of time to think, ponders Alex. 

Chapter Four

I wonder where he is, thinks Carolina. She looks around for Dr. De La Cruz in the parking garage. I hope he didn’t change his mind. After all, he’s so handsome and a doctor. I’m just a simple chica. She walks down the 1st row where the doctors park. 
Yes, she’s looking for me and she’s getting nervous. I know that she’s wondering where I am. She looks so lovely in her jeans and soft pink sweater. What I love the best are her boots, thinks Alex. 
He starts his car and drives down towards where she’s walking. I don’t see anybody around, he thinks. He gets out and opens the door for her. 
He’s smiling, flashing his dimples. I don’t want anybody to see and have anything bad to say about her. She’s too sweet and innocent to be involved in ugly gossip, he thinks. 
“I’m glad you didn’t change your mind. You look lovely,” says Alex, grinning.
“I would never change my mind. And thanks,” replies Carolina, blushing. 
I’m happy that he didn’t change his mind. He’s so handsome and he has dimples that I just love, thinks Carolina. 
Alex assists Carolina into the car. She slides into the soft leather black seat. Oh, dios mio, this car is expensive. The entire car is penetrated with his scent. It’s all over, she thinks.
Alex leans in to give her a quick soft beso (kiss). He returns to his seat and turns to face her. “Carolina, where do you want to go?” asks Alex. I wonder if she’ll change her mind. Damn, she looks shy but confident in her decision. 
“Dr. De La Cruz, anywhere you want,” says Carolina. Her beautiful green eyes sparkle with happiness. 
Oh, yeah, her eyes are beautiful. Yes, I was right. They sparkle exactly like the water in the lake looks when the sunrays hit, thinks Alex. 
“Carolina, my name is Alejandro Andres De la Cruz and you can call me Alex,” he says. He smiles, flashing his dimples, gazing into her beautiful huge green eyes. 
“I want to go where you want to go,” says Carolina. “I want to go to your casa (home).”
“Carolina, I live with my padres (parents). I don’t think it would be wise to go to my casa, not yet,” says Alex. Yes, someday I’m taking her to meet my padres, he thinks. 
“Oh, we can’t go to my casa. I live with my abuela,” says Carolina. She looks out the window. I wonder if this will end our encounter. Would he want to go out with me on another day? I don’t know, thinks Carolina, biting her lower lip. 
“Carolina, I want to take you out to have some breakfast,” says Alex. He smiles. “After breakfast, we will see.” 
Carolina turns to look at him beaming. He’s taking me out to have breakfast on a date? Oh I’m so happy, she thinks. 
“Si, that sounds good,” replies Carolina, nodding. 
“Okay, I want to eat some Mexican food. What about you?” asks Alex. Yeah, I wonder if she’s as Mexican as she looks and acts. I know that she has the traditional Mexican customs and beliefs. 
“Si, Alex, I would love some Mexican food,” answers Carolina. She smiles up at him. 
He pulls away from the parking garage onto the street heading to the restaurant.
“So, Carolina, how long have you been working at the hospital?” he asks. I wonder if she just graduated. She does look young. I wonder if I just never noticed her. I know that I would have noticed her before if she was anywhere around me, thinks Alex. She really calls me.
“Alex, I just graduated and I started working in the graveyard shift a few months ago. I have never seen you before the other night. You were next on call,” she says, smiling at him. I’m so happy that he was next on call because I got to meet him. 
“Well, I’m very happy that we have met,” says Alex. He turns into the parking. He parks the car and quickly gets the door for her. He takes her hand, lacing their fingers.
They stroll into the restaurant. The waiter immediately takes them to a booth. “Would you like something to drink?” asks the waiter, looking at Carolina. Wow, what a bella chica, he thinks.
Damn, no, this guey (jerk) is looking at Carolina and I don’t like it, observes Alex. He glares angrily at the waiter. The waiter notices his dislike and turns to look at the wall.
“Si, I want some coffee,” says Alex. He turns to Carolina, smiling. “What would you like to drink?”
“I also want some coffee,” says Carolina. Oh yeah, I love his dimples. I want to see him always smile at me like that, she thinks. 
“Bring us some coffee and some pan dulce (sweet bread),” requests Alex. The waiter writes down his orders. 
He turns to Carolina, smiling. “Carolina, what would you like to eat for breakfast?” asks Alex. I want to know what she would like to have. I don’t want the waiter to hang around us. Wow, I wonder why I’m being so possessive.
“Alex, I want a breakfast burrito,” replies Carolina. She gazes into his beautiful eyes.
“Tell me about your familia,” says Alex.
Yeah she’s mia, only mia, he thinks. He gazes deeply into her beautiful green eyes. I definitely want her. I will not let her go or lose her. 
The waiter returns and Alex places their order not allowing the waiter to stay long. The waiter didn’t even turn to look at Carolina. 
“Carolina, you were going to tell me about your familia,” says Alex, smiling at her. 
She’s so bella and I just love her long dark hair. I want to touch it and have her hair all wrapped around me, ponders Alex.
“Oh si, I don’t have familia (family). My padres (parents) passed. I never had hermanos (siblings),” she says. She looks at him. Hmmm, would this be an issue? “I only have my abuela.” I wish I had familia, muses Carolina. with sadness.
“I’m sorry to hear this,” says Alex. He observes her amazing expressive eyes. “You only have your abuela and no tios?” Wow, this is amazing. 
“Si, only my abuela,” replies Carolina, smiling. “She has raised me since I was only five years old.” She takes a sip of her coffee, enjoying the flavor. 
“I’m glad that you had your abuela in your life (life),” says Alex. Wow, it must have been extremely hard on her not to have anyone else. I have such a large familia that I can’t image not having them, he thinks. “Tell me about your padres.”
“My padres were in a car accident when I was a niña (little girl),” says Carolina. “I barely remember them. My mama was the only child that my abuela had. My mom never knew her papa. He passed before she was born. My padre didn’t have any familia.” 
“I have a large familia,” says Alex. He smiles gazing into her huge eyes. “We’re very close.”
“You’re so lucky to have a large familia,” says Carolina, nodding. She takes another sip of her hot coffee.
Alex and Carolina finished their burritos, talking about their familias.
“Did you like your burrito?” asks Alex, as he sets some money on the table for the tab. 
He slides out of the booth to assist her out of the booth. She looks tired. I wonder if we should have another date. Then we shall see, thinks Alex.  
“Si, Alex it was real good and I was hungry,” says Carolina, nodding. She smiles as he takes her hand. “Gracias.”
“Do you want me to take you to your casa?” he asks. He assists her into his car. Walking around and slides into his seat. He starts the car, waiting for her response. 
“No, Alex,” she says. She grins at him. I wonder if he has changed his mind. He looks like he’s wondering if this is right. I know this is right, deems Carolina.
“Okay. Now we need to determine where we should go,” he says.
Damn it! I don’t want to take her to a hotel. I hate the thought of taking her to a hotel. She doesn’t belong there. I don’t want to harm her. She’s too pure and innocent. 
He looks at her hand and kisses the palm of her hand. Damn, she immediately responds to my touch. She’s so gorgeous and hot. What I love the best is that she doesn’t even know it. I can’t wait to see her beautiful long hair all over me, ponders Alex. 
Alex closes his eyes, moaning with the image. He immediately gets hard. Hmmm, I need her. Yes she’s getting closer. Ah, her beso (kiss) is soft and sweet. I could almost swear that I imagined it. 
He opens his eyes. Oh yeah, she’s ready and full of pasión. Alex pulls her close, giving her a hot hungry beso (kiss). 
His senses immediately detonate into a raging pasión. She tastes so good. I want to taste her and hold her. I want her against my skin. 
Carolina pulls back and gazes into his eyes. Si, he wants me, she thinks.
“Alex,” she whispers, anxiously and passionately. I don’t know if he changed his mind. “Have you changed your mind?” she asks blushing. Maybe he doesn’t want me anymore.
“No, Carolina, no I haven’t. Now I want you more than ever,” he says, giving her another blazing beso (kiss). 
“I just don’t want to take you to a hotel.” He buries his face in the sweet curve of her neck and shoulder. Hmm, she smells delicious.
“Alex, there’s no other place we can go,” she says. She smiles, waiting for his reply. 
I can see that he wants me and is full of pasión. His beautiful green eyes look brighter. The green is a darker shade. Si, they remind me of an Emerald, thinks Carolina.
Alex looks into her huge lovely green eyes. What should I do? I’m torn about what is best. I want to enjoy this hot pasión and I also have this need to protect her. She’s so innocent and I don’t know why she wants to be with me. She deserves better than a hotel, ponders Alex. 
“Alex?” whispers Carolina. She leans in closer to give him another beso (kiss). What if Alex still isn’t sure and changed his mind. I need to know. I will ask him to take me to my casa. I’m going to show him how much I want him. She kisses him with all the red hot pasión and need that she’s feeling. I can feel his alma (soul) sear mine. I know he’s the one for me, he’s mio.
Alex feels her beso (kiss) reach the core of his alma. She touches my alma branding it as hers. I don’t want to let her go. She wants me. If I don’t take her now, would she go to someone else? Hmmm, she feels and taste so right. She’s mia, I can feel it, thinks Alex. 
He pulls back to gaze into her beautiful green eyes that mirror her pasión. “Okay, Carolina.” He starts the car and drives to a hotel. 
Alex goes into the hotel office and checks in. He quickly takes her to the room. I wonder if she will change her mind.
“Carolina, you can stop me anytime you want,” he says, pulling her into his arms kissing her with all of the red hot pasión that he feels. 
Alex starts undoing her ponytail wanting to feel her glorious hair all over him. “Carolina, I love your hair,” he says. He runs his hands slowly and carefully through her hair. Incredible, just incredible and it is so soft and silky, he thinks. 
Hmmm, moans Carolina. She pulls him closer and she runs her hands through his hair. He’s just so yummy.  
I love the way he smells and feels. She slides her hands down his back pulling up his shirt. Si, I need to touch him. She slides her hands inside his shirt touching his warm back, enjoying his skin texture. 
Carolina hears him moan and shudder. Wow, did I cause this pasión? 
She feels him tug at her sweater, pulling it up. He throws it on the hotel’s carpet.
“Carolina,” he whispers, pulling back to look at her. Wow, she’s amazing. 
He unsnaps her lacey light pink bra to take her beautiful breasts in his hands. Hmmm, they’re so beautiful. Not real huge but perfect, he thinks.
Yes, I need to taste her sweet nipple. He leans down to take one nipple in his mouth. He softly sucks it and then scrapes his teeth over it, causing her to moan. Hmm, her nipple tastes so good and sweet. They’re perfect like red raspberries.
“Alex,” sighs Carolina, trembling with pasión. She unbuttons his shirt.  
I need to get her undressed. He desperately pulls down her pants and he takes off her boots. 
Alex picks her up walking towards the bed. He quickly pulls back the blankets on the bed laying her carefully back to look at her. “Carolina, you’re so bella,” he gazes into her beautiful green eyes. 
Omg, I don’t feel uncomfortable with him, thinks Carolina, blushing.
He goes slowing down to her breasts to savory every inch. Si, I’m marking them, they’re mio.  
He slowly works his way down her stomach. He nips and kisses her soft stomach. Alex feels her tremble with pasión and need. He looks up to gaze into her eyes. He slowly pulls down her panties, observing her. I don’t want to scare her. 
He observes her closely. “I need to taste you.” He gazes into her eyes. Yes, I need to see if she’s scared or changes her mind. 
He takes a soft lick, tasting her heart. He groans passionately. “You taste so good.” He licks and nibbles her sweet hot flesh. He feels her tense up. 
“Carolina, I want you to enjoy your pasión and our love making.” He softly licks and sucks her hot heart, making her tremble, and erupting into a fiery pasión. 
Damn, yes, she tastes so good. He watches Carolina eyes sparkle. Oh, yeah, I love to hear her moan. Si, she’s almost ready. He loves her into her first release. He plunges his tongue into her sweet heart. Oh, yeah, I love her sweet honey.  
Oh, dios mio, this feels so good. She looks at Alex love her. This is so erotic and sexy. My entire body is tingling, red hot. 
“Alex!” yells Carolina. My entire body explodes into an amazing burst of warm tingling sensation. Oh, this is heavenly. She enjoys the burst of passion spreading through her body. 
Si, I love hearing her call out my name. “Carolina, I need you,” whispers Alex. He sees her slight nod. “I’ll be careful.” 
“Si.” She smiles at him. She waits and watches Alex push into her heart. Oh, dios mio, he feels hard and huge. Will he fit? Hmmm. Ah, he feels good. 
He’s slides in slowly and pulls out going inside her deeper every time until he reaches the barrier. 
Alex looks at her. “Carolina, you’re sure? You want me to continue?” He trembles, watching her closely. He clenches his hands into fists to control the intense passion raging through him. He waits for her response.
Alex wasn’t expecting her to raise her hips up. She pulls him inside her. She buries him deeply, tearing through the barrier.
OMG, the pressure and burn of his hot shaft tearing through my heart hurts. Ah, oh, it stings, but it also feels so right. 
She opens her eyes and gazes at Alex. “Alex,” she says smiling. Her eyes are watery. Yes, he feels so right even if it hurts a little. I love how he feels inside. I’m so happy that he’s mio and my first.
“Carolina, you’re okay?” I wonder why she wanted me to take her virginity. She’s so sweet and pure. I hurt her and I felt the tear. I feel like such a jerk. She deserves so much more. 
“Si, Alex.” She reaches for him and pulls him down for a hungry beso (kiss). “I want you.” 
Si, he feels so huge and hot inside me. I want him forever in my life.
Alex starts to move slowly, building up the passion, looking into her beautiful green eyes. Carolina feels so tight and hot. She’s pure heaven, thinks Alex. 
He starts to move faster and deeper, feeling every tight grasp, and whimpering as he nears his completion.
Alex and Carolina reach their release together. He gazes into her eyes, grasping both of her hands. Alex feels Carolina’s alma brand his alma, searing them together. He yells out her name. 
Oh, Carolina, is heaven. Damn, her heart is tightly grasping my shaft. Oh, yeah, she’s milking my seed. 
Hell! Damn! I sure did it! I don’t have any excuses. I know better. I’m a doctor and obviously an idiota hombre (idiot man). I knew she was an innocent and I didn’t protect her at least from pregnancy. Alex, angrily closes his eyes. 
Alex opens his eyes to see her face. Hmmm, she looks real happy. He leans down and kisses her deeply. Okay, we’ll see what happens. “Carolina, you’re okay?”  
What should I do next? Should I continue to see her? She’s definitely sweet and awesome. Si, I want her. I don’t want to let her go, he thinks. 
“Oh si, Alex and I just loved how you loved me.” Carolina. She pulls him down for a hungry beso (kiss). I want some more of him. 
She runs her hands down his back going to his firm ass. Hmmm, he feels so good. She touches and grasps his firm ass. She then pushes him onto his back to kiss his chest. 
“Carolina, you’re going to be sore if I take you again.” He watches her hair fall all around him. He laughs and smiles, flashing off his dimples. I love that she enjoyed our love making. Oh, dios mio, my body wants her again. She’s driving me loco (crazy) with her touch, her smell, and her pasión. 
“Alex, that’s okay. I’ll live with it.” She kisses his neck and marks him. Oh yeah, hmmm, I’m marking him as mio (mine). He doesn’t know it yet but he’s todo mio (all mine).
She kisses her way down his chest. I want to taste his nipples. 
She softly sucks his nipples, making him hard and full of pasión. Oh, yes, he likes this. I love the way he moans with pleasure. I want to taste more. She moves down to taste his delicious abs.
Wow, my body is reacting and wants more. I have never reacted like this before, thinks Alex. I haven’t slept, I’m tired and still my body wants more of Carolina. 
He turns her over. Hell yes. He starts to take her hard and fast, loving the tight hot feel of her heart. 
They both reach their release together, searing their almas. Alex and Carolina yell out each other’s names. They kiss like crazy. Alex takes her hands in his and wraps around her. I need to completely possess her. I marked her everywhere as mia, he thinks.
They make love all morning until they both fall asleep, exhausted.
Chapter Five

Alex takes her to her casa (home). He gives her a passionate beso (kiss). “Carolina, I want your number.” He pulls her close for another beso (kiss). Damn, I can’t get enough of her. 
“Si, Alex.” She smiles, waiting for him to give her his cell. Quickly she enters her cell and home numbers praying that he will call her.
“Carolina, do you have the graveyard shift every day?” I need to know more. 
“Si, Alex, I’ll be working the graveyard for the next eight months.” She gazes up at him. “I know that you work the day shift and that’s why you’re on call. I’m so happy that I met you.” She smiles shyly at him. 
She leans in to give him one more beso (kiss). “I’ll be dreaming and thinking of you.” 
“Carolina, I will call you.” I want to see her again. I want to love her. 
“Eres mia (you’re mine),” he groans possessively. He pulls her to him, kissing her desperately. I feel like I will lose her and I don’t know why. My heart aches. 
“Si, Alex, always tuya (yours).” She smiles a small sexy smile. She pulls away and turns to exit the car. “I need to get into my casa. My abuela will be scared and anxious for me.” 
Alex quickly exits his car and immediately assists her out. He walks her to her door. “Carolina, you’re working tonight?” I need to know if she’s working. I don’t want her getting home late by herself. “How do you get home from work?”
“Alex, I’m working tonight and I’m off on Thursdays and Fridays. I usually take the bus home. I can’t afford a car.” Carolina gazes up at him leaning against her door. “Don’t worry, I’m used to it.” 
“Carolina, I will call you.” 
Desperately he pulls her into his arms, not wanting to let her go. I feel an ache in my heart. 
“Si, Alex.” Carolina smiles. She pulls out of his arms to leave. I wonder if he will call me. 
Alex watches her go inside her casa. Damn, why do I feel this ache in my heart? I’ll pick her up tonight when she gets off. I will not risk her getting hurt on the bus. It’s too dangerous. This neighborhood doesn’t look real nice. I hate the thought of Carolina walking home in the early hours of the morning. 
He turns and enters his car shaking his head. I don’t like where she lives. It’s too dangerous and she really has nobody to take care of her. She only has her abuela. I don’t know why I hate leaving her. I never had a problem dropping off a chica before. No worries.

“Abuela, I’m home,” says Carolina. She’s smiling happily walking towards the bedroom. I’m so happy that I spent time with Alex. I want to tell my abuela all about Alex. Huh, she would be real upset if tell her about our love making. I will not tell her that, not yet anyway, muses Carolina. 
She walks into her abuela’s room and she stops at the door. She’s shocked at what she sees. She’s not breathing. She looks like she is dead. 
She rushes to her side. “Abuela!” yells Carolina in anguish. She touches her abuela, crying. “Don’t leave me!” she cries, hugging her. 
Carolina cries for hours. She loses track of time. Later in the evening she calls the paramedics. They take her abuela away. 
OMG, what am I going to do? Where do I start? I’m totally alone. I need to call Nurse Thomas.
“Nurse Thomas, this is Carolina Reyes. I’m calling to advise you that I’m not able to come in to work. My grandmother passed.” She wipes a tear that falls down her check. 
“Carolina, I’m sorry to hear that. Yes, take the week,” says Nurse Thomas, nodding. 
“Thank you, Nurse Thomas,” says Carolina in a low tone of voice. 
I’m so alone and I really don’t have anybody now. I don’t even know if I will see Alex again or if he cares.

The entire De La Cruz familia (family) are relaxing and enjoying the gathering. In the background you can hear romantic Mexican love songs playing. The night is beautiful. The sky looks like a navy blue velvet encrusted with sparkling diamonds.  
The Tia’s are happily talking and cooking the dinner meal. The hermanos, the patriarchs are chatting and drinking their Coronas. 
The primos (cousins) are sitting down chatting about the week events. The primos (cousins) are teasing the primas as always. They love tormenting them.
The bebe’s are laughing at the primos (cousins). They’re such clowns and they won’t grow up, thinks Vero. 
Isabella De La Cruz, called Bella is twenty-four and is one of the Attorneys in the familia. She’s the HR and Finances Manager at the familia’s Company. She’s Alex’s sister.
“Veronica, Claudia, we should go out and have some fun this weekend,” says Bella taking a drink of her water. She turns to look at the primas.
The twins are known as the bebe’s (babies). “Okay, Bella, lets plan a night out. Just let us know when. Okay?” replies Claudia, nodding. She’s the eldest twin.
“I want to get something to eat,” says Veronica, walking to the kitchens to get a sweet white corn. 
Veronica follows her. “Omg, Christopher!” Veronica runs into his arms. 
“I want something to eat, see ya” says Claudia and goes after her sister.
Patricia Elizabeth De La Cruz is Alex prima (cousin). She’s the same age as Bella. Paty is an Attorney and works at the familia company. She’s a Manager and also helps Ricky with the contracts. She also handles any other issues that come up.
Jose Enrique De La Cruz, is the eldest of all the primos (cousins) and he’s the CEO.
“Okay, Paty, so when are you going to help me out on that project that I mentioned last week,” asks Jose Enrique, looking at his sister. 
I really need my sister to help me find a novia (fiancée). Time is running out for me. The entire familia are waiting to meet my novia. The problema that I don’t have a novia. Yeah, it looks real good for me, muses Jose Enrique.
“Bella, I need you to help me,” says Veronica, trying to carry the four baskets of warm tortillas.
“Yeah, help us with the food plates,” says Claudia
“I’m working on it Jose Enrique. Bella, do you want me to help?” asks Paty, trying to get away from her hermano. Hmmm, I’m still trying to convince my amiga, Jessica, to be his novia. I can’t tell him anything yet because it’s not a sure thing, ponders Paty.
“Oh, si, prima. Help us with the plates,” says Bella trying not to drop a plate. 
“Yeah, it’s funny how you’re running away from me,” says Jose Enrique, shaking his head at Paty.
“I think that it’s a wonderful night and we should go out after dinner,” says Bella, looking up at the sky. “Do you want to go with us, Erica?” Bella looks over at her sister. 
“No, Bella, I have to finish grading some papers,” replies Erica, smiling. Uhh, no, I don’t like clubs.
Erica Crystal De La Cruz is our hot, sweet, and bella school teacher. Erica loves working with the little kindergarten children Erica believes that the first school experience is what develops the learning attitude and the child’s desire to learn. Erica, is of course, always dreaming of having her own family. Erica is just the familia’s hot sweet angel.
“I know what you mean, prima. I want to go out but I’ll be too tired tomorrow. I have a lot of work right now. I would love to meet someone, the one,” says Paty, looking around at the primas. 
The primas want to go out to meet the one. They’re anxious and tired of waiting to meet the one. 
Christian, Javier, and Tony overhear them. They start to laugh. That causes the primas to gang up on them. They punch them. It still doesn’t stop them from laughing at them.  
Christian De La Cruz, is a Navy SEAL. He’s always having fun. He thrives on danger, excitement, and girls. Christian is a year younger than Alex.
Javier De La Cruz is the bebe of the entire familia. He’s in the Navy until he decides what he wants to do with his life.
The familia’s has an architect, Sebastian Antonio De La Cruz. Tony designed the now famous and much in demand buildings with the Mexican influence and Eco-friendly environment. Tony is considered one of the most talented architects in today’s building market. Tony has contributed to the growth and success of the familia’s company.
Christian grabs one of his primas and hugs her. “It’s okay, prima Claudia, I’ll help you. I will bring you my SEALS for you to select from. You might find one among them that meets all your requirements,” says Christian, grinning. His huge dimples flash. Christian released her and runs to the other side of the table.
“Christian, you’re a guey (jerk). I think that you’re the one that needs help. I have lots of friends that would just love you. So get ready at the party in July.” Veronica grins wickedly.
“As long as they are hot, that’s all that matters,” says Tony, smiling. “We’ll be happy to play.”
“I so pray that you or Alex fall,” says Paty. “I hope that you’re really into her, chasing her everywhere.”
“Now, primas, what did I ever do to you to deserve your ill wishes,” asks Alex as he walks up to the group. “You should be nice to us. You only have us to hang with at the clubs.” 
“You all know that we’re never too busy to hang with you,” says Javier, smiling. He joins in on the harassment of the primas.
“Javier, did you decide not to re-enlist?” asks Paty. “I think that you should return to school and work for us. We really need you and Christian.” 
Paty always worries about her little brother and primo (cousin). They’re in the Navy, exposed to danger. Especially with the war and everything that’s happening in the world.
“No, Paty, I really don’t know. I’m not sure,” says Javier. He gives her a huge hug. I love her lots and she’s always looking out for me. Even if I’m all grown up she still worries. Paty always took care of me when I was small, just like another little mama. She doesn’t know the true reason that I enrolled into the Navy, muses Javier.
Ricardo Emmanuel De La Cruz called Ricky is twenty-nine and so is Nicolas De La Cruz. Nicolas is Alex’s brother. Ricardo, is another attorney for the familia’s company. He’s the manager in the contracts department.
Nicolas, left to work in Washington. It’s going to be almost eighteen months since he left. The familia doesn’t know the true reasons of his departure. They’re waiting for him to return to clear up the misunderstanding. Alex is annoyed at Nick. He’s causing Danni a lot of pain.
“I want to go out to that club we went the other night,” says Ricky, looking at his primo (cousin) Javier and smiling. 
“Alex, you want to go with us to the clubs. We saw some hot chicas (girls) last weekend. I think you’ll like them too,” says Javier, taking a bite of his dinner. Oh, yeah, my Mama and Tias always make some real nice Sunday dinners, thinks Javier.
“You know, primo (cousin), I think I will. Its sounds like fun to hang with you guys for a while,” says Alex, nodding. At least until it’s time to pick up my Baby, thinks Alex. 
“Let’s hurry and have dinner so we can have some fun,” says Jose Enrique, praying to meet a bella chica. I really need to find a novia for July, he muses.
The primos (cousins) hurry to finish their dinner, teasing the primas, as always. They walk away from the primas eager to get to the club. 
“Yeah, it figures, that’s all they think about,” says Claudia, watching them leave.
Alex goes into the club with his primos (cousins) and requests a Corona. Hmmm, I just don’t see anything special or interesting, he thinks. He takes a drink of his Corona. 
“Primo (cousin), you don’t look real interested in the chicas (girls),” says Jose Enrique, looking at Alex. It looks like he’s bored and not acting like himself. He’s always one of the first ones to catch a chica’s eye, thinks Jose Enrique, amused.
“I think I’m just tired,” replies Alex. I’m not ready to talk about Carolina. I’m not going tell him anything about my Baby. I don’t need them asking me any questions. I don’t want them to make any comments about Carolina. She’s special and I don’t want them to say anything at all about my Baby, ponders Alex.
“Okay,” says Jose Enrique. I know he doesn’t want to talk and it’s okay. He’ll tell us when he’s ready, thinks Jose Enrique. 
Alex observes his primos (cousin) meet and dance with the chicas (girls). As always, they are flirting and getting their numbers. Hmmm, I just don’t want to be here, he thinks. He looks at his watch. I should leave and get my Baby. He looks at Jose Enrique and waves, letting him know that he’s leaving. 
I don’t want the primos (cousins) to worry. They all found a chica and it looks like they’re enjoying themselves. That’s okay for them, no worries. I have my Baby and she’s all I need, thinks Alex.
Jose Enrique, Alex, Tony, Christian, Javier and Ricky have always been real close. They’ve always done everything together, good or bad. 
When Jose Enrique does something, you can count on the primos (cousins) to follow. They compete and support each other.
The primos (cousins) are all close and protective of each other. They’ve always been together since they were niño’s. That’s why the primos (cousins) are close like hermanos. The familia has recently started to enjoy the fruits of their hard work. The achievements have been impressive.
Chapter Six

Alex turns on the car and drives to the hospital to see if Carolina is doing okay. I need to know that she’s not hurting, thinks Alex.
He strides into the ER searching for her. I can’t find her. I wonder where she’s at. Damn, she didn’t even clock in. 
I wonder what’s up. She was supposed to work tonight. If I ask questions everybody would know. I don’t need this at work. He turns and walks out to his car. Hmmm, what should I do? Should I go to her casa? I really need to see her. I’m going to see what’s up.
Alex parks on the street and he walks to her front door. It’s a small casa in a very poor neighborhood. It’s amazing that Carolina managed to graduate as a Physician’s Assistant. I’m real proud of her. He knocks on the door. 
Alex looks at the casa. I can see a soft light towards the back. It’s real quite. Hmmm, I wonder what’s going on. I hear some footsteps. Oh, yeah, it’s Carolina. 
She looks out the window. It’s Alex. What should I do? I don’t want him to see how poor I live. Hmmm, but he did come to see me. I’ll let him see where I live. He knows that I’m not very well off. He already knows every inch of my body, thinks Carolina, blushing. 
Si, she’s home. Damn, what a relief seeing that she’s okay. Hmm, she’s opening the door. 
Carolina opens the door. “Alex,” she says. She looks at him with swollen eyes from crying. “Do you want to come in?” she asks embarrassed. I don’t even look good. She moves her right hand to tuck a strand of hair behind her ear. 
“Si.” I wonder why she’s crying. Did she regret loving me? 
He walks into the casa and pulls her into his arms. “Carolina, what’s wrong,” he asks. He holds her close and tight. Hmmm, she smells so good and I missed her. 
“Alex, my abuela was dead when I arrived this morning. She must have died last night,” she says, crying on his shoulder burying her face. He feels so strong and I feel so safe. I need him so much. 
“Oh, dios mio, Carolina I’m sorry for your loss,” says Alex. I wonder what I can do for her. “Do you need anything?” he starts to rub her back, wanting to make her feel better. 
“No, Alex, my abuela had taken out a reasonable size life insurance to help me with the funeral. I just don’t have anybody,” she says. She cries silently on his shoulder, feeling him hug her tightly. 
I don’t have anybody that loves me. I don’t know if he loves me so soon. I do love him. I know he’s my alma gemela (soul mate). I don’t know much about hombres (men). I really want him to love me, muses Carolina.
“Carolina, I don’t want you to live here all by yourself,” he says, gazing into her eyes. I wonder how she’s taking this.
“Alex, I really don’t have anywhere else to live. My abuela’s casa is paid off even if it’s old,” says Carolina. She looks into his beautiful green eyes. “I know it’s not much, but it’ll make my life a lot easier without a house payment.”
Alex looks at her and understands what she’s saying. I don’t know if I can, at this moment, offer her anything better. We’re just getting to know each other. I know that she’s real important to me. Alex holds her close to him, listening to what she has to say. He wants to come up with a good solution. 
“I just started working and I will need to start to pay my student loan in a few months. I need to save for a car and this place is paid for,” she says. 
She walks away from his arms with a small sad smile. She enters the living room and sits on the old blue worn sofa. The sofa is overstuffed styled. Carolina sits in the middle of the sofa. She looks small, lost, and lonely. 
The living room is small but clean. The walls are painted white with tons of photos of Carolina. The room has one big window with dark blue drapes. The big wide screen television is the only modern furniture in the room. 
Alex observes her sitting on the sofa. What should I do? I’m just getting to know her. I want her again. I don’t want to let her go, thinks Alex. He walks over and sits next to her. 
“Carolina, I’ll stay with you for the next few days. I’ll ask for some time off,” he says. He pulls her into his arms. What the hell am I going to tell my familia? 
They don’t need to know. I’ll act like I’m going to work and show up sometimes late at night. My padres don’t ask me where I’ve been because they know that sometimes I’m on call, thinks Alex.
“Alex, you’re sure?” she asks. Is he serious about me? Why does he want to stay? That would be so awesome, muses Carolina. 
Alex hugs her tightly. “I’m not leaving you alone,” he says, giving her a tender beso (kiss). He pulls her onto his lap. Hmm, she tastes so incredible and she’s mia, only mia. 
Carolina wraps her arms around him and kisses him. She encourages him to love her, wanting to feel him close. 
“Alex I want you,” she whispers, unbuttoning his pants. She slides her hand down the front. For the first time she touches his aching shaft. 
Hmmm, he feels so hard and soft, she thinks. She runs her fingers around the crown. I want to see. 
She shifts from his lap and goes down on her knees in front of him. She slowly unzips his pants and takes his shaft in her hands. She softly touches the crown. “I want to taste you,” she says, looking into his passionate green eyes. 
She bends her head, slowly licks around his sensitive crown loving his taste. He tastes delicious and he’s mio, she thinks. She takes him into her mouth, enjoying him. 
She then licks him, starting from the base of his shaft to the tip of his tender head. Alex watches her love him, his hands grasp the sofa.
“Carolina, I need you,” he says pulling her up to him. He pulls up her skirt, tearing her panties off. I’ll buy her some more panties. He desperately impales his hard aching shaft into her tight hot heart. 
“Alex, you feel so good.” She kisses him hungrily and with blazing pasión.
Alex pulls her up and down showing her how to ride him, feeling like he’s in heaven. “You feel so hot and tight.” 
He kisses her. He pulls her shirt off and unsnaps her bra. I need to taste her beautiful breasts.
Carolina arches her back pushing her breasts forward for Alex to love. She bites her lower lip loving how he feels inside her. “I love how you love me.” She shudders as they reach their release together branding their almas. 
Alex pulls her into his arms and kisses her wildly. Oh, yeah, she’s mia (mine).  
After a few minutes, their breathing returns to normal and Alex stands, taking her to her room when she falls asleep. 
He falls onto the full size bed and wraps his arms around her. I love her glorious hair wrapping around me. I will call in the morning and request some days off. I will not leave her alone. He falls asleep with Carolina in his arms. 
Alex wakes up early and calls in, requesting some time off. There’s no problem. He returns to the bed with Carolina. 
Hmm, she feels so perfect and smells delicious. “Carolina,” says Alex kissing her. He tries to wake her up as he goes down to her beautiful breasts. 
He starts to love her beautiful nipples. Hmm, I want some. He watches her wake up. She smiles, pulling him up for another beso (kiss). 
“I need you,” she whispers, pulling him into her hot heart. “So good, Alex.” 
Alex kisses her and takes her fast and deep, not thinking of anything but loving her. They both reach their release together, searing their almas.
Nobody has ever made me feel and touch my alma like Carolina does. He marks her neck, kissing his way up her jaw to her lips. She’s so delicious. Kissing her deeply and memorizing every single inch of her mouth. 
Alex kisses her like there is no tomorrow. I love how she tastes. He devours her lips. He feels his shaft get hard and ready to explode, moving fast and hard, loving her with raging pasión. 
“Alex, more, you feel so good,” she moans. I love feeling him stretch my heart. 
Alex hears her need, causing him to grow hotter and bigger. He feels like he’s going to explode. He pumps furiously reaching their release together. Hmmm, she is so delicious, he thinks, trying to catch his breath. It’s unreal how many times she makes me hot and hard. 
“Oh, Baby, you’re so luscious,” he says, kissing her hungrily. He wants more, feeling his shaft get hard. “Baby, I need more,” he moans taking her again, trying to control this wild need. 
“Si, Alex, I want more,” she says. She loves him and loves his shaft as he takes her harder and faster than ever. She loves every inch, returning his hot passionate beso (kiss), and sucks his lower lip. She goes to his neck and marks him. “Hmmm, you’re so yummy,” she says. She sucks his nipple, feeling him shudder. 
“Baby, you’re driving me crazy,” he moans. He feels his release hard and long, draining him. “Carolina, you’re incredible,” he buries his face inside her hair. Hmmm, I love her hair. It wraps around me.
Chapter Seven

Alex is ready and waits for Carolina to finish dressing. Hmmm, I love how she loves me. I will stay with her until the funeral is over.
“Baby, do you want to have breakfast first?” he asks, standing as she exits the bedroom. She looks so lovely in her dress. Oh yeah, I want just one beso (kiss).
He pulls her into his arms kissing her with his hot, fiery pasión. He runs his hands down her back to grasp her sweet ass and pulls her close to him.  
Carolina pulls back and smiles at him. “Alex, si, I want to eat something. I need to go and make arrangements for the funeral.” I know if we continue making love I will never get the funeral taken care of.
“Okay, Baby.” He takes her hand and they walk out of the casa. He pulls her close, tucked into his right side. They take a few steps, and then they notice the car is surrounded by a gang of chicos (guys).
What the hell! Who are those hoods next to my car? Alex furiously glares at them.
The gang is standing around Alex’s expensive car. They’re holding bats ready to smash the car. 
Carolina pulls out of his arms and strides towards them. She’s a few feet away from the gang. “Don’t you dare touch the car! He’s my novio (boyfriend). Get lost, Nacho, and take your gang with you,” says Carolina.
Alex strides after her. He pulls her back into his arms, glaring at the little group of hoods. Hell, no, they’re going to hurt Carolina! What in the world does she think she’s doing? They could harm her.
“Carolina?” asks Alex. “Do you know them? Come here.” He’s anxious to get away from the group of hoods. “I don’t want them to hurt you.” 
“Alex, they won’t hurt me,” says Carolina. She turns to gaze into Alex’s eyes. “They always protect me.” 
She turns to look at the group. “Get away from the car, we’re leaving,” say Carolina. She glares at the gang. They’re checking out Alex. 
“Carolina, what are you doing with him? He’s only going to play with you,” says Nacho. “He’s too fancy for us.” 
Nacho is tall stocky young man. He has brown eyes, high cheek bones, and full lips. His skin is tanned. He has several tattoos on his arms. He’s wearing tight skinny pants and a blue t-shirt with graphics. 
“Nacho, that’s not your problema (problem),” replies Carolina. She puts her hands on her hips glaring at him.
“Okay, Carolina, we’ll leave. You better not hurt her, guey,” spits out Nacho, angrily glaring at Alex. Fucking hell! Carolina is mia. I have been taking care of her for years, he thinks.
Alex moves in front of Carolina, glaring at the gang. “Guey (asshole), I’m here, I’m ready,” says Alex in a controlled, strong growl.
“Alex,” cries out Carolina, pulling him back. “Leave, Nacho! Leave us alone!”
“I can handle him, Baby, no worries,” says Alex. He pulls Carolina behind him. 
“Si, guey, I’m coming after you if you hurt Carolina!” yells Nacho. “Let’s go!” They quickly disappear from sight. 
Alex stands for a few minutes scanning the neighborhood. Damn, they disappear like a pack of ghost rats. Wow, this neighborhood is really poor. The casas are small and they need lots of repairs. I don’t think that they need only paint. Some need new roofs. I’m going to talk to the primos (cousins). Maybe the familia company could fund a project for this small neighborhood. Wow, look at that older lady trying to close the window. Incredible! 
“Alex?” asks Carolina, touching his. I wonder if he will disappear after seeing Nacho and his gang. He seems to be checking out the neighborhood. Oh dios mio, would I be too poor for him? 
“Alex, I don’t have anything to do with Nacho or his gang. He has always been around protecting me since we were in middle school. I have never played outside with the kids.” 
Alex turns to gaze into her eyes. I can see that she’s concerned that I wouldn’t want her. I know that she’s was pure and innocent. I know and believe what she says. I also know that that guey wants my Baby. It’s not going to happen. Not in this life time. She’s mia, only mia. 
“Alex,” says Carolina, gazing into his eyes. Si, he still wants me. “I’m poor, but I’m not a puta (whore).”
“Baby, don’t you ever say that again. I know that you’re not. I also know that you’re mia, only mia,” says Alex, pulling her into his arms. 
Oh, yeah, he’s okay with me. Carolina returns his hungry beso (kiss). 
Alex pulls back and gazes into her lovely clear green eyes. “Where do you want to eat?”
“I want some Italian food,” replies Carolina. I wonder how long he’ll be around. 
Alex assists her into his car and quickly slides into his seat. He turns to look at her and smiles. “Okay,” says Alex. He turns the car on. He takes her hand and drives to the Italian food to have some lunch. 
“Carolina, I want to know about your life (life) and your dreams,” says Alex. He observes her closely, listening to every detail.
“Tell me about your familia,” says Carolina. I wonder about his familia and I want to know everything about him.
“Baby, I have a huge familia. I have my padres, dos (two) sisters and dos hermanos (brothers),” says Alex. He smiles at her amazed look. “I have my Tios and Tias and lots of primos (cousins). We’re very close.” 
“Oh, dios mio, you really have a huge familia,” says Carolina, smiling. “You all get along?”
“Si, we do. We all grew up together and we all work together. Well, I’m the only one that’s a doctor. One sister is an attorney, another sister is a teacher, and one brother is a manager in an advertising company in Washington. My other hermano is a Navy Seal,” says Alex, grinning.
“That’s incredible, Alex. Did you always want to be a doctor?” asks Carolina. I wonder if he did. I want to know everything about my Alex.
“Si, Baby, I always wanted to be a doctor. When we were small I always wanted to be the doctor. I made my primos (cousins) be the patients,” says Alex. He grins, remembering all of the childhood games that they played. 
“I remember that one time I wrapped my hermano, Christian, up with torn up sheets. He looked like he was really injured. My poor Mama got real scared. She wanted to take my hermano into the ER,” says Alex. He laughs, shaking his head.
Carolina laughs hard. She images how Alex looked as a child, wrapping up his little hermano. 
After their meal, they go to take care of all the funeral arrangements. Returning to her casa, Alex helps her clear out her abuela’s room. She’s exhausted and heartbroken. 
“Baby, I think you should take a nap and I need to go to my casa to get a change of clothes. I’ll be back.” 
They walk into her room. “Is there anything that you need? Do you want me to bring back some dinner?” asks Alex. 
He assists her into the bed (bed) and undresses her. She leaves on her sexy boy shorts. 
Hmmm, I better not even start because I’ll never let her rest. I will never get a change of clothes. My Baby really needs to rest. Her eyes look tired. She’s starting to have some dark shadows under her eyes.
“Si, Alex, I would like some dinner, maybe some tacos? Thank you,” says Carolina. I don’t know if he’ll really return.
She grabs her night gown from under the pillow. I know that I have no reason to not believe what he tells me. He has been nothing but loving and caring. I’m just not real experienced with hombres. I have never had a novio, not even an amigo, primo (cousin), or anything. I have no clue.
Alex pulls her into his arms and gives her a deep passionate beso (kiss). Si, she’s so delicious and hot. He holds back his need to start loving her. I need her to rest. He tenderly rubs her back, giving her butterfly beso (kiss) all over her lovely face. He waits for her to fall asleep before leaving. 
Alex makes sure that all of the windows are locked. This place is not real safe and I don’t want to leave her alone. 
I want to thank you, dios mio. All of the windows have a piece of wood to prevent the window from being opened. Please take care of my Baby until I get back. 
I better hurry. Hmmm, I will take her house keys. I don’t want to wake her when I return. I wonder if her garage is vacant. Can I park my car in there? 
Alex walks over to look into the garage. Oh yeah, the garage is empty and garage opener works. He grabs the control and walks back into the house. He shoves a chair against the front door. He’s trying to make it more secure. He then returns to the garage. He exits through the garage door.
Chapter Eight

Alex arrives at his casa, smiling. Si, she is totally mia, only mia.
“Hola, mi hijo,” says his Mama Maria, giving him a beso (kiss) on the check. “You have been working a lot.” She looks at Alex’s happy face. 
Hmm, I wonder what mi hijo is up to? I know he has not been working that much, muses Mama Maria. 
“Si, Mama and I just came to change my clothes,” says Alex. “Where’s my papa?” He walks towards his room. I need to hurry. I don’t want to be away from Carolina long. 
He’s anxious to get his bag. He stops when she continues to talk. He notices that she turned off the television. 
“Tu (your) papa is with your Tio” says his Mama Maria. She turns to look at Alex. Hmmm, Alex is up to something and he is not telling me. I need to wait until he’s ready.
“My hijo, have you talked to Nicolas. We need to tell him the truth. This is ridiculous and Daniella is suffering. I thought for sure that he would talk to you,” says Mama Maria, looking at Alex.
“No, Mama. Nicolas is being stubborn and refuses to talk to me. I pray that he returns soon, before he loses everything,” says Alex.
“Oh, dios mio, I don’t know what to do about Nicolas,” says Mama Maria. 
“Okay, Mama. I need to leave,” he says, turning. He strides to his room to shower and change his clothes. 
I should take some clean clothes just in case. Alex grabs a bag. I hope my mama doesn’t see the bag. I’ll put it in the garage and leave through the garage.
“Adios, Mama. I’ll be back tomorrow,” says Alex, walking out through garage, hearing his mama say adios. 
He arrives at Carolina’s and its real dark. He opens the garage door and parks his car inside. Hmmm, the entire casa is dark. I wonder what Carolina is doing. Is she still asleep? Should I wake her so she can eat some of these tacos? 
Alex slowly opens the door and quietly enters the room, closing the door. He looks around. “Carolina,” he calls out softly, not wanting to scare her if she’s still sleeping. He walks over to the bed and sees that she’s still sleeping. 
She must be exhausted from our love making and all of the events. He takes off his clothes and slides right into the bed. He pulls her into his arms. Hmmm, she feels perfect and smells delicious.
The next few days pass in a daze for Carolina. Alex has been there helping her with all of the arrangements, making sure that she eats her meals and that she rests. He makes love to her when she wants to feel his love. 
I’m just real happy that Alex is staying with me. I don’t know how I would have coped without him. 
On Friday, they get ready for the burial. Carolina puts on the only nice black dress she owns. She pulls on some stockings and black high heels. She has her beautiful long dark hair in a French braid. Carolina always wears her small gold hoops. Her abuela gave her the gold hoops for her eighteenth birthday. 
She looks real bella (lovely). She looks like she’s still in a daze and shocked.  
I feel like this is surreal. I have my abuela one day and the next day I don’t. I now have Alex in my life. I pray that he loves me. Dios mio (my god), por favor (please), let him love me like I love him. I want Alex in my life now and forever. Help me; please help me love him unconditionally and patiently. 
I want to be able to be a patient, loving mujer, and not a demanding mujer. I want him to love me in his time. I will be waiting for his amor, prays Carolina.
The burial is small and very private, a few friends of my abuela showed and a couple of my friends. It is the hardest event in my life. My abuela was all I ever had. I’m now alone. I will wait and see if Alex will stay in my life, contemplates Carolina. 
The burial is over quickly and everybody leaves after giving Carolina their condolences. That is the moment that Carolina is especially grateful that Alex is there. 
Nobody pays attention to him or knows him. Carolina doesn’t even have an opportunity to introduce Alex to her friends (friends). Alex stands next to Carolina with his arm around her small waist. 
He wears his black suit, white shirt, and black tie. Alex has on some dark black sunglasses that conceal his beautiful green eyes. Alex stays close to Carolina hugging her and giving her support and amor (love). 
I can feel her silent tears. I really want her not to suffer so. I want to love her and keep everything that is painful away from her. I will not leave her now or ever. I want to protect her from everything.
Alex takes Carolina back to the casa. He stays with her. He holds her close. He loves her when she wants to make love. Later that night, Alex gets up to dress. He’s going to meet his primos (cousins) at the Club. 
Hmmm, I’ll stay only a while because I don’t want to leave Carolina by herself for too long.
“Baby,” he says kissing her. “I have to meet with my primos (cousins). I’ll be back later.” Alex smiles down at her. She pulls him down for a beso hot (kiss).
“Okay, Alex,” she says, smiling. She settles into the pillow. “I’ll be waiting for you.” 
Alex goes to the club and walks straight to the bar, asking Matt the Bartender for a cold Corona.  
Hmmm, my primos (cousins) are late. Alex. He looks at the chicas (girls). There’re a few cute chicas (girls). He smiles at one. 
Tony walks in and strides directly to the bar where Alex is busy flirting with a chica. “Primo (cousin), what you’re looking at?” he asks, teasing him. “Is she the one?”
“No, primo (cousin), but she’s cute,” says Alex, smiling at the chica. 
The chica is slim, with big breasts, flat stomach, and some nice hips. Her eyes are soft golden brown. She has incredible full lush lips and long hair to her waist. She’s dressed in a sexy clingy black dress that reaches just below her thighs. She has real sexy long legs and she’s totally a real hot sexy mujer. The chica walks over to Alex and smiles, ordering a drink from Matt.
“It’s a nice night,” says the chica, taking the drink from Matt. She takes a sip, looking at Alex. 
Alex grins and winks. “Yes, it is,” he says. I wonder if I should continue and encourage this bella chica. “Do you want to dance?”
“Si, that would be great,” says the chica. She walks off to the dance floor, knowing that he will follow. 
Alex doesn’t think about it twice and follows the bella chica to the dance floor. Alex dances with her, a slow song, feeling her in his arms. Uh, she doesn’t stir me. He dances. 
She’s extremely bella, but I don’t feel a thing. Her perfume is overpowering. Hmm, she’s not doing anything to me. 
The chica turns and gives him a beso (kiss). “I want you,” she whispers, smiling into his eyes. 
Hmmm, she’s definitely not innocent and sounds real experienced. Her kiss didn’t taste good and I don’t think that I can be with her. 
“Hermosa (beautiful), I would love to but I have to go into work soon. I work graveyard,” says Alex. He smiles, hoping that the rejection doesn’t hurt too much.
“Okay, maybe next time,” says the chica. She smiles and walks away as the song ends. 
Alex returns to the bar. Tony is asking for another Corona.
“I think she’s real bella, primo (cousin). Why didn’t you take the bait?” asks Tony. I wonder what’s up with Alex. He never turns down a bella chica. 
“Primo (cousin), she sounds too experienced. I just didn’t feel a thing.” Alex. He shrugs, takes a drink of his Corona. He turns to look at the dance floor. 
Yeah, just what I figured. She’s with another hombre (man). She’s all over him. She’s not what I want and she grossed me out.
“I told her that I was going into work my graveyard shift. I need to leave primo (cousin).” Alex watches his other primos (cousins) walk towards them.
“Okay, primo (cousin),” says Tony, grinning. “I’ll tell the primos (cousins) of your creative outs.” He laughs at Alex.
“Yeah,” says Alex. He waves at the primos (cousins). He walks out. I don’t really care. I need to get back to my Baby. I don’t have time or the need to mess around with putas (whores). 
He goes straight back to Carolina and quickly takes a shower. I can’t stand the smoke smell. He anxiously slides right into the bed with her. He pulls her into his arms and inhales her wonderful smell. Yeah, this is what I like.
The next morning, Alex wakes up feeling Carolina loving him. Hmmm, she really knows how to make me lose all of my sanity. 
“Alex, you taste so good,” she says. She takes his hot, aching shaft into her mouth, loving every inch. She then goes to his sacs and softly licks them, making him wild with need. 
“Baby, I need you,” says Alex. He groans, pulling her up to impale his hot, aching shaft into her tight, sweet heart. “Baby, you feel so delicious,” he whispers as he feels her ride him. 
“Alex, I just love how you feel inside me,” she moans as he starts loving her breasts. 
They both reach their release together feeling their almas sear and merge into one complete soul calling out their names.
“Baby, I love how you love me,” says Alex, holding her tight. I’ll never be able to be with another mujer (woman) because Carolina is todo (everything). “Baby, do you want to go to the movies?” 
“Alex, that would be nice,” says Carolina, looking up into his beautiful green eyes. “I’m hungry.”
“Si, Baby, I’m hungry. Let’s get ready. We can have some breakfast and then we can go to the movies.”
“Si, that sounds good,” says Carolina, smiling. She gets up to take a shower. She pulls Alex. “Come on, Alex, I want you to shower with me and love me again.” 
“Oh, yeah, Baby.” He’s ready to love her. He follows her into the shower. He quickly gathers the soap and lathers up the soft wash cloth. 
Hmmm, I just love bathing her. She is so bella and toda mia (all mine). He leans in to take her tight nipple into his mouth. Hmmm, she’s tastes so good. 
“Baby, you taste so good and I never get enough.” He pulls her up. He quickly takes her deep and fast, just like she loves. 
Uhh, I just love how she feels so hot and tight. My Baby simply drives me loco (crazy) with need. He desperately holds her tight against the shower wall. They reach their release together. 
Hmmm, this is pure heaven and her alma is connected to my alma. Alex carries Carolina back to the bedroom, kissing her deeply and passionately.
“Alex, I want some more,” she whimpers, as she feels his shaft hard again. “You’re so yummy,” she moans. He’s buried deeply in her hot heart. “Si, I want more, Alex.”
“Baby, I can’t get enough of you,” he says, kissing her deeply, softly biting her lips. 
“Alex, yes,” she whispers, pulling him closer. She passionately returns his hungry beso (kiss).
Alex moves fast and deep, trying to get closer, deeper into her. He wants to connect in any way that he can. He holds her tight, kissing her deeply, taking her fast and hard.
“Oh Baby, you’re fantastic,” he moans as he reaches his hard release with her. My baby’s hot heart holds my shaft so tightly that it’s almost painful pleasure that drives me insane. 
After their wild love making in the morning, Alex takes Carolina to eat some breakfast. Hmm, almost lunch. They sit down in the booth. “Baby, it’s more lunch than breakfast,” says Alex, grinning.
“Si, Alex, because we had our breakfast in bed,” say Carolina. She grins as she sees how relaxed and happy he is.
Alex moves closer to Carolina in the booth and pulls her close. “Baby, I love making love with you,” he whispers. He kisses her, trying not to lose control.
“Si, Alex, I love making love with you. I simply never get enough.” She smiles at his passionate, beautiful green eyes. “You have to wait until later.” 
Alex looks at her with a sad face. “Baby, I don’t know if I can wait until later,” says Alex, pouting. “That would be twelve hours from now.
“Si, but we’re going to the movies and I want to buy some groceries so I can cook some meals for you. I don’t feel that all of these meals in restaurants are healthy.” Carolina smiles, gazing into his eyes. “I want you to eat right.” 
“Si, Baby, your right,” says Alex, grinning. “We’ll stop at the store after the movies to buy some groceries.” 
“Si, I want to make a sandwich for my lunch and we need to have some fruit. I can cook, you know.”
“Okay, Baby, you can cook for me when we have time.” He leans in for another beso (kiss). 
They eat their lunch and go to see a new action movie that’s out. Afterwards, they go to the store and buy some groceries. Alex doesn’t allow her to pay for anything. Of course, she doesn’t know that he’s well off. 
Alex takes Carolina back to work. “Baby, if you need anything text me,” says Alex. 
He assists her out of the car. “Baby, I’ll be here to take you home.” He pulls her into his arms and gives her a beso (kiss). I don’t care if anybody sees us. There’s no reason to hide our relationship, he thinks, pulling her closer.
“Okay, Alex,” says Carolina. She smiles after the passionate beso (kiss). She walks away from him, waving. 
Carolina walks into the hospital and goes to her work station in the ER. Carolina really doesn’t have any close friends. She was new and was barely starting to get to know the other Physician’s Assistants. 
There is another young Physician’s Assistant that recently transferred to the ER. They have chatted a little.
Rosie is a cute, young, short Mexican chica. She has her hair cut up to her shoulders and has brown eyes with a nice smile. She’s very caring and nice. She walks over to Carolina after the new shift update by the last shift Physician’s Assistants. She wants to give Carolina her condolences for her abuela passing. 
“Carolina, I heard about your abuela. I just want to say that if you need anything I’ll be here to help you. I’m sorry for your loss,” says Rosie, with a little smile. 
Hmm, I can see that Carolina has some love bites. Does she have a novio (boyfriend)? She didn’t have one last time we talked. Of course, we only have known each other for a few months. I was just transferred from ICU. I knew that she was lonely and only had her abuela. Hmmm maybe she’ll tell me later, thinks Rosie. 
“Gracias (thank you), Rosie. It has been hard. I’m glad that my novio is around,” says Carolina, nodding. She continues to review the medical chart. She has her long hair in a french braid. “I’m doing okay.” She reviews the medical charts of all the patients that are in the ER. 
The previous Physician’s Assistant had given her an update but Carolina always likes to review the entire medical charts to make sure that everything is correct. 
Rosie observes her for a few moments. Well, she does have a novio. I have to get to work. “I’ll talk to you later,” says Rosie going to start her own medical chart reviews.
The ER is extremely busy and they have to call the doctor on call to come and help. 
Alex drives away, going to his casa. He takes a shower and slides into bed, setting the alarm. Yes, I need to pick up my baby. The routine falls into place and Carolina is extremely happy to have him in her life. Alex is happy being with her. The weeks pass and they’re in heaven. Alex is basically living with her.
Chapter Nine

Several weeks later, Alex is at his casa going to bed when his cell rings. Hmm, I’m on call again. He gets up to dress. Well, I’ll be working with Carolina. He grins as he buttons his shirt. 
Alex drives to the hospital. He strides into the ER and straight to the Physician’s Assistant. “Ms. Reyes, can you give me the information on the patient,” he asks, gazing into her beautiful green eyes. Damn, I have to try to be professional. 
“Yes, Dr. De La Cruz. The patient is in room six. He has the following symptoms and the tests are in,” says Carolina very professionally, handing him the medical file. 
“Thanks,” says Alex. He walks away. He goes to review the test results. He then walks to room six. 
“Mr. Harrison, I’m Dr. De La Cruz and I have your tests results. The symptoms and the tests indicate that you have an infection in your kidneys, caused by kidney stones. You have a couple of options. We can give you some medication for the pain and to dissolve the stones. You then return tomorrow to see if the stones have dissolved. You can also stay here and we can attempt to flush them out,” says Alex, looking into the patient eyes.
Hmm, I know what I would do. Alex waits for Mr. Harrison’s response. 
“I want to take the medication and I will return tomorrow,” replies Mr. Harrison, not hesitating on which option. 
“That sounds like a good choice. I’ll have the Physician’s Assistant inject the medication to speed up the process. You need to call in the morning for a follow-up appointment,” says Alex. He gets up to go and give the Physician’s Assistant his prescription.
“Ms. Reyes, I need this medication injected for Mr. Harrison. Are there any new patients?” asks Alex, looking into Carolina beautiful face. Hmmm, I just love looking at her. 
“Yes, Dr. De La Cruz. A young child arrived with a broken arm,” says Carolina. She hands him the medical file. She turns to get the medication for Mr. Harrison.
Alex goes to inspect the young child. He is seriously pissed off. This better not be child abuse, thinks Alex. He walks into the room, seeing the young parents. Hmm, they look like they care, but you never know. 
“Hi, I’m Dr. De La Cruz,” says Alex. He smiles, looking at the young child. “Mrs. Potter, I understand that Kim has a broken arm. Can you explain how it happened?”
“Yes, Doctor. Kim was trying to get some cookies from the cabinet and she climbed up onto the kitchen counter and fell off the counter breaking her arm,” says Mrs. Potter. She looks at Alex in the eyes.
Hmm, it sounds like it’s possible. I need to see if the child can tell me different. Alex turns to Kim, tenderly inspecting her arm. Good it looks like a clean break. 
“Kim, I’m going to make the pain go away. I’ll be putting on a cast to help your bone heal. Kim, can you tell me what happen?” asks Alex, looking into Kim’s blue eyes and smiling. 
“I fall, doctor,” says Kim. She smiles at Alex. “I want cookies and mummy says no. I pulled the chair and climbed up.”
“Okay, Kim, we will make your arm feel better,” says Alex. He smiles, relieved that she was not intentionally hurt.
“I will have the Physician’s Assistant to put on the cast,” says Alex walking out of the room going to Carolina.
“Ms. Reyes, I need the arm set in a cast, please,” says Alex. He hands her the file. He reviews the other patients’ files. 
Alex finishes reviewing the files. He walks to his office. He closes the door. Hmm, it’s hard working with Carolina and not being able to hug her, kiss her. He closes his eyes. 
I want her and I can’t have her now. I’ve gotten spoiled these last few weeks. I’m so glad that I don’t work with her every day because I would go insane. Alex hears the door open. He smiles. I know its Carolina. He turns to look at her close and lock the door. He opens his arms and she runs into them. 
“Alex,” she says. She kisses him, pulling him close. Ohhh, I love how he tastes. 
Alex devours her lips, kissing her deeply. He runs his hand up her leg, sliding his hand inside her pants. He strokes her sweet, hot heart. “Baby, I want you,” he says pulling down her pants.
“Si, Alex, I want you.” She leaves his arms, getting up and undoing his pants. She looks into his beautiful green eyes as she gently pulls his shaft out. “Hmmm, you’re so yummy.” She bites her lower lip as she straddles him, impaling his hot aching shaft into her tight heart and whimpering in relief.
Alex pulls down the zipper to her top. He unsnaps her bra. He urgently loves her beautiful breasts. Hmm, she is so delicious and I just want more of her. He loves her precious nipple. He softly sucks her nipple and moves her faster and deeper. 
Alex gives her a deep and passionate beso (kiss), muffling their sounds of pleasure as they reach their release, reaching heaven together. 
Alex is breathing real hard when his beeper goes off, causing him to moan. “Baby, we need to stop.” He pulls her off him and reaches for the wet wash towels, cleaning himself and Carolina. 
Carolina grins at him and throws him a beso (kiss) as he exits the room. Alex is still hungry and I just love it. She pulls up her pants. He’s all mio. I need to get back to my station.
“I need to go see what’s going on,” he says, slipping out of his office. I pray that nobody sees her leave. I still want some more. I’m never sated with just once with Carolina. 
He goes to the other Physician’s Assistant to get the file. He reviews the vitals of new patient. The ER is extremely busy for the remainder of the night. 
Alex waits for Carolina in the parking lot as always. He listens to music. I can’t wait to get home. I’m anxious to get home and finish loving her. Hmmm, it has been a few weeks since we have been together and I haven’t seen her get her period. 
I know she’s pregnant. We need to get a pregnancy test to confirm. I’m going to give her some prenatal pills. I will tell her they’re vitamins. I’ll wait until she finds out and tells me. He grins looking for her.
Alex observes Carolina walk into the parking lot. He drives up to her and gets out, assisting her into the car. “Baby,” he says. He gives her a beso (kiss). “I want some breakfast.” 
“Alex, I’m hungry,” says Carolina smiling. “I want a breakfast burrito with some pan dulce (sweet bread).” 
“Si, Baby,” says Alex. He drives to the restaurant to get their breakfast. Carolina and Alex enjoy their breakfast together. 
Hmm, she needs to get some sleep. He carries her into her casa. “Baby, let me put you to bed.” 
“Alex, I want some first,” she says. She pulls him down onto the bed, passionately kissing him and pulling open his shirt. She runs her hands slowly all over his chest. She loves him and tastes his nipples, loving to hear him moan. 
Hmm, he’s so yummy. She licks and softly nibbles his nipples, making him lose control. Carolina moves down his chest to his abs and trace all of the dips and curves, loving every inch and undoing his pants. “Alex.” She pulls his shaft out and loves him. 
Oh, my Baby wants to love me until I beg, he thinks feverishly, moaning. “Baby.” He manages to say before his release.
“Alex, I love to love you,” says Carolina. She nibbles his sacs, making him ache for more. “I want some,” she says. She straddles him, moaning in delight.
Alex gazes into her beautiful green eyes. I love to see her pasión and delight. “Carolina, you drive me loco (crazy).” 
He turns her over onto her back and takes her fast and deep like she loves. Alex passionately loves her, gazing into her eyes as they reach heaven together, searing their almas. 

Chapter Ten

Alex waits for Carolina to finish giving the next shift the update on the patients. I have the prenatal pills for my Baby. I’m going have her start taking them today. 
Hmmm, I want to take her to the get some nice sexy panties and bra’s from Eve’s Pleasures. I can’t wait to see them on my Baby. She’s so sexy.
Carolina quickly strides into the parking lot, smiling at Alex. Alex drives up to her and gets out, assisting her in. Alex loves to open her doors. 
Yeah, Carolina is toda mia, only mia (all mine, only mine). He gives her a beso (kiss). “Baby, do you want to go and get some breakfast?” he asks, gazing into her beautiful eyes.
“Si, Alex, I’m hungry.” Carolina smiles up at him. “I want a breakfast burrito.”
“Okay, that sounds good.” He smiles nodding at her. He drives to the Mexican restaurant that they like. The waiter brings them their coffees and takes their order. 
“Baby, I have some vitamins for you. I started taking some also. We work long hours and we don’t get enough sleep,” he says. Alex hands Carolina the prenatal pills. 
“Si, Alex, that’s a great idea,” replies Carolina. She takes one and drops the bottle in her purse. “I’ll take one when we’re having breakfast.”
“Baby, that’s a great idea,” says Alex. Yes, this makes me happy. I will be able to make sure she takes the prenatal pill. “Baby, I want to go to the store and get you some Eve’s Pleasure underwear,” says Alex, smiling. He pulls her close for a beso (kiss). 
“Alex, you’re so naughty,” she says, smiling. Carolina kisses him. Hmm, I love him. “When do you want to go?”
“We can go today after you have had some sleep,” says Alex. I don’t want her to get drained. We barely sleep as it is, with our love-making. Hmmm, we just can’t stop.
“Si, that sounds good because I want some,” she says, nibbling his neck. She marks him, feeling him shudder. 
“Baby, you’re just greedy,” he says. He smiles and his eyes reflect the hot desire for her. “Let’s hurry and eat.” 
“Si,” says Carolina smiling. I have so many places that I want to taste. Hmmm, he’s so beautiful and yummy.
“Baby, you need to stop,” says Alex with a husky voice. I know full well what Carolina is thinking. Every time she has that look she loves me until I’m begging. 
“Okay, Alex, for now,” says Carolina. She starts to eat her burrito. “Alex, I’m done and I want to go home.” Wow, now we go home and I can love him.
Alex looks at her and moans. She still has that look and he knows what she wants.  
She smiles as they enter their room. She helps him take off his shirt and then his pants. Hmmm, I love it when he’s commando. He’s so sexy. She runs her hands up his firm stomach and slowly runs her fingers all over his chest.
Hmmm, I want to taste him. She starts to nibble and love his nipples, going down his stomach. “Alex, you’re so yummy,” she says as she starts to softly nibble around the edge of his sensitive crown and sucks him into her hot mouth. She hears Alex, moaning in pleasure. Yes, I love how he looks when he loses control. She gazes into his fevered eyes.
I’m going insane with need. “Baby, I need you.” Damn, I want to bury my hot aching shaft deep inside her.
Alex picks her up and pushes up her skirt, taking her fast and deep.
Alex explodes hard, feeling their almas sear together as they are reaching heaven. Alex pulls her into his arms and gives her hot hungry beso (kiss). Soon, they fall asleep. 
Later in the day, they’re in the Eve’s Pleasures store. Alex is going crazy with all of the sexy small boy shorts, bikini’s, thongs with the matching bras. “Baby, look at this Baby doll,” says Alex. He pulls one out from the rack, a sexy black baby doll. “I want this.” 
“Si, Alex, I like it,” says Carolina. I’m pleased that he enjoys picking out my clothes. 
“Baby, I want you to try it on,” says Alex. His eyes sparkle wickedly. He walks to the fitting rooms. He strides to the last one and goes inside with her. He sits in the chair that’s in the dressing room. “I want to help you try it on.” 
Yeah, I know what he wants, thinks Carolina, smiling. “Si, Alex, I want to try it on.” She pulls off her clothes and puts on the Baby doll. She turns to look at Alex.
“Baby, you look hot and sexy; my mouth waters,” says Alex, pulling her into his arms. Urgently, he runs his hands over her breasts, savoring the feel of the silky material. The baby doll is a sexy black silk material that clings to my baby’s awesome breasts. Oh damn, I’m aching for her. “Baby, I want you,” he whispers. He takes a nibble and sucks her nipple over the material moaning.
“Alex,” she says, pulling him up for a beso (kiss). Carolina unzips his pants and pulls him out. “So good,” she whispers. She kisses and sucks his neck, marking him. She impales his hot aching shaft deeply, riding him hard. 
Alex kisses her deeply, devouring her mouth, muffling their sounds of pleasure. They hold on tight and sear their almas as they reach heaven. 
“Baby, that was great and I want to get this one,” he says. I can’t believe that we made love in the dressing room of Eve’s Pleasure’s. This is what every man dreams of doing with a hot sexy mujer. 
“Si, Alex, I love it,” replies Carolina, pulling out some wipes from her purse. 
They continue shopping. Alex buys Carolina several outfits. She selects some jeans, tops, and sexy shoes. Alex is extremely pleased with the outfits. 
My Baby looks so hot and sexy. Alex enjoys watching her try on the jeans and sexy tops. His mouth waters, yearning to love her again. She’s killing me.
“Okay, Baby, whatever you want to do would be okay. We have time,” says Alex. He pulls her close to him, holding the packages with his hand.
“Okay, let’s go to the movies,” says Carolina. I know what Alex really wants to do.  
They enjoy their day. They return home and Alex loves Carolina before she goes into work. “Baby, I’ll be here to pick you up,” says Alex, giving her one last hungry beso (kiss).
“Si, Alex,” she smiles. She hurries into work. OMG! I love Alex with all of my heart. I wonder if he loves me! I know he loves making love. I feel beautiful and sexy when I see and feel his hot pasión. I know that our almas sear when we make love.
She changes into her work clothes and reviews the patients’ statuses with the Medical Assistant. “Okay, Carol I’ll check on the tests results. I’ll make sure to remind Dr. Peterson,” says Carolina, nodding.  
“Great, I need to hurry. Thanks for doing this for me, Carolina. You’re awesome,” says Carol, walking away. 
“No worries, my pleasure, Carol,” says Carolina, smiling. She waves at Rosie. 
“Hi, Carolina you look great and real happy,” says Rosie smiling. “Did you see you’re novio?”
“Si, Rosie, I’m extremely happy. I do see my novio every day. I love spending time with him. He’s absolutely awesome,” replies Carolina, nodding. 
“Wow, I want a novio that threats me great. I don’t have time to meet anyone with our work schedule,” states Rosie. She takes the medical charts to review and sits next to Carolina. “My review is coming up and I’m so stressed. I truly want a great review.”
“I’m sure you’ll get a great review, Rosie. I know that you work hard and you’re proficient. I don’t think you should worry,” says Carolina, smiling at Rosie. 

Alex returns to bed at his casa. He sets the alarm. I have to make sure that I get up to get my Baby. I want to take her to Disneyland. I know that she’s never been there. I know she would love it. 
Alex picks up Carolina, getting out and opening the door, giving her a beso (kiss) before she enters the car. 
Carolina smiles happily. He’s todo mio. I simply love how he takes care of me. I feel like a princess.  
“Baby, I want you to go to sleep. I want to take you to Disneyland later today,” says Alex, smiling. His smile lights up his eyes. “You do want to go?”
“Si, Alex, I would love to go,” replies Carolina, nodding. “I always wanted to go but my abuela couldn’t take me.”
“Okay, let’s get a quick breakfast and then we’ll sleep for a while,” says Alex. He drives to get their breakfast. “You do feel up to it?” I know she worked all night and need to make sure she doesn’t get exhausted.
“Si, Alex,” she smiles. “I can’t wait to go. I’m looking forward to going to Disneyland.” Oh, yeah my amor is awesome. 
Alex makes sure that she takes the prenatal pill and goes right to bed. I don’t want to drain her energy and have her get sick. He pulls her into his arms. We can always make love later. 
Alex also falls asleep, needing to rest. He’s constantly on the move with work, Carolina, and going to his casa. It was like living a double life. There really was no reason for it.
Alex takes Carolina to Disneyland and enjoys pleasing her. He rides the rides and even takes some pictures with Mickey and Minnie. Carolina wants a Cinderella coffee mug and, of course, Alex buys her everything that she wants. 
Alex promises that they’ll return to see the light parade since they have to leave to give Carolina some time to get ready for work. Alex takes her to work and then goes to the familia Sunday Dinner. 

Chapter Eleven

A few weeks later, Alex takes Thursday off to spend an entire day with Carolina. He takes her to the beach and then to see a concert in the evening. Carolina is in heaven. 
I’m so happy that he still wants to be with me. She looks around and notices the chicas (girls) that eyeball Alex. Alex doesn’t notice the other chicas (girls). He only wants Carolina in his arms. He pulls her closer to his side, taking a drink of his Corona. “Baby, are you hungry? Do you want something to drink?” he asks her, giving her a beso (kiss). 
“Alex, I want some nachos and a soda,” replies Carolina. She smiles at him, knowing that he’ll get up and get them for her.
“Okay, Baby, I’m on it,” he says, standing. He walks away to get her request. 
Carolina stays in her seat waiting for him to return. Some guey’s (jerks) a few rows up start to flirt and call out to her. Carolina attempts to ignore them but she’s starts to fear them.
Hmm, I don’t know what to do. I have never been to a concert or around so many hombres (men). She begins to get real scared. Carolina anxiously trembles. She grasps her purse. Alex returns and he immediately notices that something is wrong. “Baby, what’s wrong?” he asks. He pulls her closer to hear her.
“Alex, those hombres a row up right behind us, they were saying lots of things to me and I’m scared,” she whispers with fear. “I want to go home.” She blinks back some tears.
Alex turns to look up and sees some guey’s grinning and eyeing Carolina. Que la chengada (what the hell) they have no respect. Alex furiously glares at them. “Es mi mujer idiotas (she’s my woman).” He yells out, getting up with Carolina to leave.  
“Don’t leave her alone, guey (jerk),” yell the gueys. Only one of the idiotas continues to look at Carolina. The other two have realized their mistake. 
Alex takes her home and orders some pizza. Carolina starts to feel better and finally relaxes. Damn, I now realize how sheltered Carolina has been. She was raised completely with our old school traditions. Her abuela sheltered her. She’s so lucky that some guey (jerk) hasn’t hurt her. I’m extremely happy that I’m around taking care of her. 
Alex pulls her into his arms and hugs her. He feels very protective and possessive. 
The next day, Alex takes Carolina to the zoo. Damn, I love seeing her joy. She loves the white tigers and of course the lions. 
“Alex, they’re so beautiful,” she whispers as she sees them go into the water.
Alex is mesmerized with her wonder and enjoyment. He remembers when he first saw them when he was young. Alex feels so much tenderness for her. I just love being the one to enjoy all her firsts. I’m so lucky to have her. She’s mia (mine).
When they finish seeing all the animals in the zoo, Alex takes Carolina to dinner and home. Carolina wants to love. They don’t stop until they are both completely sated.
“Baby, I’m going to visit with my primos (cousins) for a little while,” says Alex. He strokes her back. I love her glorious hair around me. 
“Si, Alex, I’ll be here sleeping and waiting for you,” she smiles. I know that he’ll return quickly and very hungry.  
Damn, I don’t know how my body craves so much. I never loved so much at once. Carolina is a drug.
Carolina falls asleep and Alex gets up. I need to go and visit with the primos (cousins). I want to know what’s up. I’ll be back soon. I’m not going to stay away too long. 
Alex strides into the club, happy to see his primos (cousins). “Hola, primos (cousins),” says Alex. He turns to Matt, the bartender, and requests a Corona.
“Primo (cousin), you look happy,” says Jose Enrique. He observes Alex and several love bites. Wow, does my primo (cousin) have a novia? “Do you have a novia?” 
“Yeah, primo (cousin), you have to spill out the details. We can see your love bites,” says Tony, smiling. “Did you work hard?”
Christian gets closer to his hermano and laughs. She really marked him. “Hermano, you can’t play tonight with all of those mean love bites,” says Christian. He’s enjoying how Alex blushes. 
“Alex, who is she?” asks Ricky. He looks at the love bites. “You must have done a good job.” 
Alex instantly grows furious with his primos (cousins)’ comments. I don’t like any comments about my Baby. “No worries and don’t ask,” says Alex. 
He takes a drink of his Corona. He looks around the club. It’s not like there are any bella chicas (girls) here.
“Primo (cousin), we’re just teasing,” says Jose Enrique. I know that Alex is, for some reason, being very protective of this chica. Could she be his one, his alma gemela (soul mate)? Why would he keep her from us? Is she his mujer? 
“Yeah, no worries,” says Alex. I don’t want to talk about it. “So what’s up with you? Do you have a novia yet? The grand fiesta is almost here and the familia wants to meet your novia.” 
“No, primo (cousin), no I don’t have a novia or playmate,” says Jose Enrique. He glances around to see if he sees any interesting or bella (lovely) chicas (girls).
Christian continues to observe Alex. I want to get additional information on the chica. If Alex is not talking, it’s because she’s special to him. My mama mentioned that he’s always busy at work and hardly in casa. I need to talk to him. 
“Primo (cousin), look at that chica over there,” says Tony. “I think it’s the same chica from a few weeks ago. You better run because she’s heading this way.” 
“Primo (cousin), you should stay. If you don’t want her. I’ll take her,” says Ricky, grinning. “Your love bites will scare her away.”
“Yeah, primo (cousin),” says Tony. “You don’t have to go into work tonight.” 
“That was hilarious, primo (cousin). Why didn’t you want to play with her? She’s real bella,” asks Ricky. He watches the chica walk up to the bar.
“Primo (cousin), she’s real experienced and she grossed me out,” says Alex, shrugging his shoulders. “If you want her, go for it.” 
Ricky looks at the chica and hears Alex. Damn, my primo (cousin) is getting real picky. Is it because of this mystery chica? We never stopped on experience. That’s what the condom is for. The experience is good. No ties, no worries. 
Christian hears his hermano. I can’t believe what he said. My hermano is one that always enjoys a bella willing chica. I need to find out what’s up! He’s acting strange and he won’t spill. My mama says that he looks like he’s up to something. Christian turns to look at the chica as she walks up to Alex with a smile.
“So, you’re back?” she says, as she requests a drink from Matt, the bartender. She turns to look at Alex. Hmmm, he’s so sexy and hot. Yeah, I still want him. 
Alex looks at her and sees her desire in her eyes, but he’s turned off. He takes a drink of his Corona before answering her. “Si, bella, but I have to leave to work,” he says without regret. He watches her disappointment. “Maybe next time I’ll be off.”
“Okay,” she says, smiling. She takes a drink looking at Alex. Hmmm, he’s so sexy.
Alex takes another drink of his Corona. He turns to look at his primos (cousins) laughing.
The chica sees all of the love bites and gets it. She smiles and walks away. I see that he’s not really interested. He has someone, she thinks.
“Primo (cousin), I think she got it. You don’t have to leave,” says Tony, smiling. He shakes his head. I don’t understand.
“Yeah, but I am,” says Alex. “I’m tired.”
“Si, primo (cousin),” says Jose Enrique. Alex is not being himself. I wonder what he’s up to. 
“Okay, hermano, I’ll see ya in casa,” says Christian. I know full well that he’ll be missing. I wonder where’s he’s going? Right back to his mujer, of course, she has a tight hold on him. He’s not playing.
“Adios, primo (cousin),” says Ricky. He smiles and glances around the club. I wonder what’s up with the primo (cousin), he thinks.
Alex walks out of the club with relief. I only wanted to talk to my primos (cousins) for a little. I do miss hanging with them, but I miss my Baby more. 
Alex drives back to her casa. He quickly slips into the bed, pulling Carolina into his arms. Alex sighs with pleasure. He takes a deep breath, loving to smell her scent. I love to feel Carolina in my arms. Carolina is sleeping and I don’t want to wake her. She’s perfect, she detonates my senses, and our almas seared together.
The next day, Alex wakes up to gaze into Carolina’s beautiful eyes. “Baby, buenos dias (good morning). Have you ever been on a horse? Do you want to go horseback riding? I want to take you see my favorite horse. Her name is Luna. Luna is a black Palomino. She has amazing white mane. She’s beautiful Baby. I want you to see her. She’s the familia’s horse.”
“Alex, buenos dias. I would love to see the familia’s horses,” says Carolina, smiling. “No, I don’t know how to ride.”
“Okay, Baby, lets have breakfast. I want to spend this morning at the hacienda. We can have a picnic,” says Alex. 
“Oh, Alex, that’s sounds like fun,” replies Carolina. “Let’s take a shower.” 
“Damn, yes, I want some,” says Alex. He jumps out of bed and picks her up. They take a long shower, enjoying their pasión.

Chapter Twelve

A few weeks later, Tony strides into the club. Finally, it’s Friday and I can have lots of fun with the primos (cousins). Tony arrives at the club and his primos (cousins) aren’t there. Great! This is starting to get depressing.
 He asks Matt the bartender for a Corona. Just wonderful! They’re late. He takes a drink of his Corona. He scrutinizes the chicas (girls). I can start talking to a chica.
He finishes his Corona and asks Matt for another one. He turns in his seat. Yeah, it’s about time. Here comes Alex.
Alex walks towards him. “I’m glad to see you, primo (cousin). I’ve been here for a few minutes,” he says, taking another drink of his Corona.
“Sorry, primo (cousin), I was running late,” says Alex. He turns to Matt the bartender to get his Corona. He takes a drink and sighs with pleasure. Yeah, this is great. The first Corona after a hard day.
“I think the primos (cousins) are running late,” says Tony. He looks around. “I don’t see any interesting chicas (girls).”
Alex takes another drink of his nice, cold Corona. I left my Baby alone for a few to talk to my primos (cousins) and they’re late. I don’t want to spend a long time away. I need to be with my Baby. What’s up with this? He takes another drink.
“Primo (cousin), is it me, or there aren’t any interesting chicas (girls) in here?” asks Tony, looking at the chicas (girls).
“I think you’re correct, primo (cousin). I don’t see any interesting chicas (girls) in here. I have been wondering if I’m just tired of playing or if I’m ready to meet the one that will fill all of my needs. I see Jose Enrique and Ricky. They seem extremely happy. They look like they’re in heaven. I want a chica that is worth it and fills my needs.” says Alex.
He looks around the club. He shakes his head. I won’t meet the one here. Carolina pops into his mind and he sighs with anxiety. Is my Carolina the one? Why am I even thinking of looking? I’m so happy with her.
“I think that maybe we're looking in the wrong place. The primos (cousins) found their amor outside of the club scene. Maybe we need to go do other activities,” says Tony, drinking his Corona.
“Yeah, I thought of that,” says Alex. He looks at Tony. Damn, did I find the one? “We still have time, primo (cousin). We’re young, healthy, and very handsome,” says Alex, grinning. He drinks his Corona.
“Yeah, primo (cousin), you’re right. We have time,” agrees Tony, grinning. I feel better, he thinks.
“We’ll still have fun until we meet the one,” says Alex. He smiles at his primo (cousin) and takes a sip of his Corona. Wow, have I met the one? My alma gemela? Carolina? I need to go back to her now.
“Hola, primos (cousins),” says Javier as he approaches them. He requests a Corona from Matt. He takes a long drink. He turns to his primos (cousins) to see what they’re up to. He raises an eyebrow in question. “What’s up?”
“Primo (cousin), did you hear about Ricky eloping last weekend?” asks Alex. He takes another drink
“Si, primo (cousin), how are you? Do you have a novia?” asks Tony.
“No, primos (cousins), and I don’t want one,” says Javier. He grins, looking around the club. “I’m too young to settle down. I’ll leave that to you,” he takes another drink. He inspects, the chicas (girls) that are entering the club. Yeah, that one is real cute, thinks Javier. He catches her eye and winks.
The chica smiles at Javier, encouraging him. “Primos (cousins), see ya,” he says. He walks towards the chica.
Alex turns around and smiles at his primas and sister. “Jose Enrique and Jessy have arrived,” he says, smiling. He looks out the window.
“The primas are here. So, Alex, what’s up with Nick? It’s been a long time since he’s been home.” Tony waves at the primas (cousins).
“Primo (cousin), Nick is being a jerk. He won’t talk to us. I don’t have a clue when he’ll come home,” replies Alex.
The primas arrive and sit at the table near the bar where the primos (cousins) hang out. They wave at them.
“Damn, I miss racing with him at the hacienda,” says Tony.
“Yeah, I know. We all miss him,” says Alex, frowning.
Jose Enrique and Jessy enter the club. He has her real close to his side. He has his right arm draped over her small waist. He strides to the table to sit down with Jessy. The primas wave and smile at them. “Mi amor, do you want a margarita?” asks Jose Enrique, smiling at Jessy.
Jessica Maria Cortez is Jose Enrique’s fiancée and interior decorating designer manager for the De La Cruz, Inc. “Si.” answers Jessy. She smiles at him sweetly. “Hi primas,” says Jessy looking at Bella, Paty, and the bebe’s. 
“Amiga, we hope so. We all told them to come and have some fun with us.” says Bella. She smiles, scanning the club. “I want to dance.”
“Si, I want to dance also,” says Paty. She looks round the club to see if anybody interesting has shown up. “I will probably have to dance with the primos (cousins).”
“Yeah, I know what you mean. Maybe we should go to another club,” says Veronica as she looks around the room. I don’t see anyone interesting. I wish that my Baby was here, she thinks.
“Here comes Jacki and Ricky now. Look at them. They only have eyes for each other. It is amazing,” says Bella.
“I wouldn’t blame them if they disappear again before the night is over,” says Paty, taking a drink.
“I think that we should make a pact to cover for each other when we know that we have met the one,” says Claudia, looking at the primas.
“Oh yeah, especially when we’re engaged,” says Bella, grinning. She gazes out the window, dreaming.
“I think that’s a great idea,” agrees Paty, nodding. She looks around the table to see their reactions.
“Si,” agrees Bella.
“We’ll know that he’s the one. We should say he’s the one,” says Claudia, grinning. This is so cool to have a pact and a pass for our future alma gemela, the one.
“Yeah, that sounds cool,” agrees Veronica, nodding. Vero is our wild and sassy model. Veronica was born a minute later and that officially makes her the female bebe of the familia. Veronica is hot and sassy. 

Chapter Thirteen

Erica and Gabriel walk towards the table, smiling at each other. Gabriel has his arm around Erica’s small waist as he keeps her close to his side. 
Gabriel Corona is a Navy Seal. He is Erica’s fiancé and Christian’s SEAL Bud.
“Baby, I want to dance with you. I need to feel your arms around me. I miss you,” says Erica, gazing up into his beautiful blue eyes.
“Okay, angel, let’s greet your primos (cousins) and then we can go dance, okay?” says Gabriel, looking into his sweet angel’s huge hazel eyes.
“Si, baby,” agrees Erica. She smiles and flashes her cute dimples. That’s the only reason I’m willing to be here in the club, so I can dance with my baby, thinks Erica “Hi, primas, why don’t you dance?” asks Erica, looking around the table, smiling.
“Because there aren’t any more hunks out there, you took the last one,” replies Claudia. She grins, taking a drink of her Corona.
“Yeah,” says Paty, looking at Gabriel. She smiles. I insist that I want one like him.
“Si, I know what you mean. I did take the last one,” says Erica, nodding. She looks at her baby, giving Gabriel an evil smile. 
Gabriel hears the chicas (girls) and grins. Well, they can have my hermano (brother) Carlos if they want. They wouldn’t have any problems getting a Chico. The primas are truly beautiful. I’m very happy with my sweet angel.
“Okay, I want to dance with my baby. I haven’t seen him all week. See ya later,” says Erica. 
Before she goes we should tell her what we’ve decided, thinks Paty. “Prima, can we have a few words with you, please?” asks Paty, smiling.
“Si, we promise it will be quick. Maybe Gabriel can greet the primos (cousins),” says Veronica, nodding. 
Erica looks at her primas. They want to tell me something. Okay. She turns to look at Gabriel. “Baby, please can you allow us a few minutes? Please?” says Erica. She looks into his blue eyes, smiling.
Gabriel looks at his sweet angel. He leans into her and whispers in her ear. “Okay, Angel. Please hurry because I need you,” he says. He pulls away to give her a quick beso (kiss).
Erica turns to look at her primas as she takes a seat. They hunch and meet in the center of the table to talk. 
“Prima, we’ve just made a pact that would be helpful to you now,” says Claudia, smiling with happiness.
“What kind of pact?” asks Erica. She looks at them with curiosity in her beautiful eyes.
“We all decided ………. Do you agree?” says Paty, smiling. 
“Si, that would be awesome,” says Bella. She has a huge dreamy smile.
“We decided that we will cover for you,” says Claudia, with excitement. Yeah, that means that they will cover for me and my amor. 
“We have decided that we won’t wait. We’re adults. We will cover and that way our padres won’t suspect and get hurt,” says Veronica, nodding. Yeah, I love this pact. It’s going to help us. 
The primas gaze at Erica, smiling. Hmmm, I wonder if she will agree, thinks Bella. 
“Si, Erica we made this pact. I’ll be using it with Jose Enrique. We’ll tell Jacki when we get a chance this evening. It will make our life easier,” says Jessy, nodding. 
Erica sits back in the black chair. She contemplates what they just told her. I can’t believe this. They’re serious. Well, it would make my life easier. I agree with Jessy.  
“This pact makes a lot of sense. I’m very happy that this pact has been decided. We’re involved with our special amor, our alma gemela. It’s extremely difficult to follow our customs and traditions. Thank you. I’ll be counting on you,” says Erica. She smiles sweetly at them, flashing her cute dimples.
The primas look at their sweet prima, smiling. 
“Wow, you’re all grown up and really an adult making your own decisions,” says Paty, in amazement.  
“We’re happy for you, prima,” says Claudia, smiling.
“What a relief,” says Jessy. She smiles at the group. “I thought it was going to be hard for you to accept. I’m glad that you agree with us.”
“Why?” asks Erica, surprised with their comment. “I am still a woman and I do love my Baby. I wasn’t going to wait until our wedding. I love him,” says Erica, grinning.
“Yeah Erica, I know what you mean,” says Jessy, nodding.
“Okay, it’s a pact. We only have to tell the primos (cousins) and Jacki. I think we’ll tell the primos (cousins) as each one gets involved with their true alma gemela. Yes, we will advise on case by case basis,” says Claudia, smirking.
“Okay, because I will be leaving early tonight,” says Erica. She looks at the primas. I really want to know now if this is for real and what to expect. It looks like they’re serious. Good, because I’m also serious. I will not stop from loving my Baby for them or anybody else, deems Erica.
“Okay, primas, I’m going to dance for a little while with my Baby. I’ll leave as soon as I want to. Please don’t expect me to say adios,” says Erica. She smiles and looks at them.
“Okay, Erica, we understand,” says Bella. She smiles, observing her little sister. 
“Si, Erica, I think I’ll be doing the same,” says Jessy, smiling at the primas.
Erica nods and glances at Gabriel. He’s at the bar with the primos (cousins) drinking a Corona. He’s listening to Tony but he’s observing Erica. He looks into Erica’s beautiful eyes. I know that she wants to get out of here, thinks Gabriel. He smiles at her, nodding. 
“Okay, Tony, nice talking to you. That’s interesting and I would like to review it closer. We should talk more about it on Sunday dinner, okay? Erica is waiting for me,” says Gabriel, starting to walk away.
“Sounds good, Gabriel,” replies Tony. He smiles, watching Gabriel leave.
Gabriel strides quickly to get his sweet angel. He reaches her and nods to the primas. He then pulls Erica into his side and walks to the dance floor.
“Baby, finally I can feel you,” says Erica. She sighs as she gets closer to her Baby. She wraps her arms around his neck. Gabriel holds her close, wrapping his arms around her waist.
Chapter Fourteen

Christian walks in just in time to see Gabriel and Erica start to dance. He stands for a few seconds to observe them. Yeah, they’re in love. At least he’s not playing with my little sister, he thinks. I think that I know what they feel and what Gabriel went through. I’m not completely sure, but I feel like I do love Monique. Can it be possible to fall in love so quickly?
Christian walks to the primas’ table, smiling. He sits down on the chair across from Bella. “Sister, I just finished spending some time drinking mocha and talking with Monique,” says Christian. He smiles, flashing his beautiful dimples.
“Hola, primo (cousin),” says Jose Enrique, as he takes Jessy’s hand and he leads her to the dance floor.
“Hola, primo (cousin),” answers Christian. He turns to Jose Enrique, smiling. 
“Wow, for real? Hermano, that was quick,” says Bella. “Is she the one?”
“I think so,” replies Christian, smiling at his primas. “I have a date with her tomorrow.”
“We wish you all the luck, primo (cousin),” says Paty. She taps her fingers to the beat of the music. “Monique is bella and smart.”
“Si, primo (cousin), good luck. I hope she’s the one. It will be nice to see you in love and settled,” says Claudia, grinning. 
“Oh yeah, primo (cousin), good luck! Let us know if she’s the one so we can cover for you,” says Veronica, grinning wickedly.
“What do you mean?” asks Christian. He looks with lots of curiosity at his primas. What are they up to now? He observes them. They look like they’re about to do something, not the norm.
“Well, hermano, we’ve decided to create a pact,” says Bella. She tells her hermano about the pact. She looks at Christian with curiosity. I wonder how he’s going to respond. He is, after all, a man. 
“Yeah, primo (cousin), we think that we’re all adults and know what we want. When we meet the one we’ll want to be with our amor,” says Claudia, looking at her primo (cousin).
“Si, we thought about this,” says Veronica. She observes Ricky and Jacki dance. They look so in love. I miss my Baby! Where is he? It’s been a few days since I’ve seen him. Claudia is here so where is Christopher?
“Si, I want you all to cover for me when I find the one. We would know when we find the one,” says Paty, looking at her primo (cousin). I know that he feels that he found his soul mate, she thinks. 
The primas are something else, thinks Christian. They’re correct. We’re adults and we’re attempting to continue our Mexican traditions and customs. Our padres are old school. It’s hard to follow those traditions, especially when you’re in love. Christian turns to look at his primos (cousins) with their alma gemela. He looks at his Erica and Gabriel. I know that they‘ve been together. You can see how possessive and intimate they hold each other. I also know that they’re getting married. They’re not playing games. I can see their point. They’re having a hard time trying to be together. That’s for sure and I think that the primas have a good idea. 
“I hope that it’s only in force when the primas know for certain and have a commitment from the special chico. Then the pact can start. I don’t want you to be intimate with the incorrect chico. The one will be the one. You can feel it. You just know they’re your alma gemela,” says Christian.
“That is exactly what we think,” says Bella, smiling. She nods at her him.
“We’re all waiting for the one,” says Claudia. “Yeah, we would never become intimate with just any chico.” 
“Oh yeah, primo (cousin), we’ve decided it would only be in effect when we know for certain that it’s our alma gemela,” says Paty, nodding. “Don’t you believe that Monique is the one?”
Christian gazes at them. They’re right! “I get it. Okay, it’s a pact. My concern is for you primas. I don’t want anybody playing with you. You need to be sure that you have met the one, your alma gemela. Okay?” asks Christian. He sits back, contemplating them. “I’ll cover each one of you when I know for sure that the chico is the one. I would need to talk to him. That’s the only condition,” says Christian, smiling wickedly.
“Christian, you will be told that he’s the one. We’re not niñas (little girls). We are adults,” says Bella, nodding.
“Hell, but I also know what the hombres want and do. I don’t want any chico playing with my sister and primas. If the chico is the one, he won’t be annoyed by my questions.” Christian nods leaning back in his chair. “Okay, I’ll keep in touch to see where we’re at on this pact. I want to be the first one to know when the one appears. Okay?” 
He looks at each one to get their commitment. Good, they agree with my stipulation. Now, I have to be on alert to make sure that the one is the one. He smiles, walking away to chat with the primos (cousins).

Chapter Fifteen

“Hola, what’s up?” asks Christian, as he sits between Tony and Alex at the bar. 
“Just having a drink and looking at the love birds,” says Alex, sighing. What am I doing here? I have Carolina? I don’t have any interest in being here. I only want to spend a few with the primos (cousins). Damn it, I should leave but I want to hang with them, ponders Alex.
“Yeah, it looks like our group is slowing getting smaller. I wonder who’s next?” says Tony, looking at Christian.
“I’ve met a special chica. I think she could be the one,” says Christian. He smiles, flashing his dimples. He takes a drink, looking at Alex and Tony’s reaction. Yeah, they’re upset. Oh well. I understand now. 
“You’re kidding, right?” asks Alex. He looks his hermano (brother). “This is unbelievable. The fever is hitting everyone.”
“Primo (cousin), I don’t believe you,” says Tony. He frowns at Christian and takes a deep drink of his Corona. “All of our fun is going down the drain. What the hell. That would leave only Alex and me. Javier is hardly ever home.”
“Well, I think I’m in love. You’ll meet her on Monday. She’s starting to work for the company,” says Christian, smiling. 
“You mean the new assistant for Jessy? Yeah, she’ll be working closely with Jessy and me. So that means hands off?” asks Tony, grinning wickedly.
“Hell yes, she’s mia (mine),” says Christian, looking at Alex and Tony. “I was talking to the primas. They’ve come up with a pact for all of us. They want us to cover for Jose Enrique, Ricky, and Erica. They’ve come to the conclusion that they want to be together and they’re having a difficult time. They’re trying to not hurt our padre’s and their expectations. They’re trying hard to follow our traditions and customs. Our padres are old school. They especially feel that Ricky and Jacki are suffering the worst, since they’re married.” 
Christian looks at Alex and Tony. He waits for their reactions. I see that they’re concerned. Okay, now they understand. Great, now we can all make sure that the primas aren’t played with.
“That’s incredible,” says Alex taking a drink from his Corona. Is it that incredible? I’m doing the same thing with Carolina. It’s only easy because she’s alone. Would it be so easy if her abuela was alive? I would have been forced to make a decision sooner. I’m only waiting, but waiting for what? Why am I keeping her to myself? It’s not like I’m ashamed of her. No, I only want her to myself, ponders Alex. 
“That can be dangerous,” says Tony, looking at the primas.
“Exactly. I asked them to tell me when they feel that they’ve met the one. I told them that I want to talk to the one,” says Christian, looking at Alex and Tony. He takes a drink from his Corona.
“Okay, but it is still dangerous,” agrees Alex, taking a drink. 
“Si and I do see their point. Look, we’re adults. We’ll meet the one and we’ll not want to wait until the wedding. I know that I wouldn’t wait,” says Christian. He looks at them with a huge wicked smile, flashing his dimples. 
“Okay, I see your point,” says Tony, nodding. He turns to look at the primas.
“Well, I can tell you that the three couples right now have not waited. Not that they’ve told me, but you can tell,” says Christian, observing them.
“Yeah, hermano, I think that you’re right. I understand. I’ll honor the pact. I also want to make sure that the Chico is serious and is truly the one,” says Alex, looking at the primas. “I don’t want any chico playing with our tesoros (treasures).”
Damn, am I playing with the biggest tesoro (treasure) I’ve ever had? No, I don’t think so, but why am I keeping her to myself. What do I want with Carolina? I’m such a jerk, ponders Alex.
“Si, I’m with you Alex,” agrees Tony. He continues to observe his primas.
“Okay, I think that this is a well thought out pact. I know it’s needed because we’re young, healthy and in love,” says Christian, grinning. “I know I’ll need it.” 
“Yeah, I can see that you’re thinking about your mujer (woman),” says Alex, shaking his head. Yeah, I’m thinking about mine. What’s my problem?
“Hell yeah, I spent some time with her today. I have a date tomorrow. She’s my novia (girlfriend),” says Christian. He observes their reactions. “Yeah, she’s my novia in the traditional way.” 
“You’re joking,” yells Tony, a little amazed at his wild primo (cousin).
“No, I’m not joking. She’s officially my novia. She’s not just a date. She’s my novia and I’ll marry her in a little bit. I have to give it a little time to flourish,” says Christian. He takes a drink of his Corona. Si, I see that they’re surprised. I’m serious. 
“Jose Enrique asked me to think about working for the familia company,” says Christian. “I told him that I’m going to think about it.”
“She must be special if you’re going to think about it,” says Alex. He looks at Christian. “When you know, you know, Yeah?”
“I am telling you that you truly know when it’s the one. The primas are correct,” says Christian. “When I met her today I was doing an errand that Jose Enrique wanted me to do for him. I had a report for him. We ran into each in the hallway and all of my papers flew out of my hands,” he says, taking another drink. “She thinks that I work there. I don’t know where she thinks I work.”
“Why didn’t you clear that up?” asks Alex. I wonder what he is up to.
“We didn’t talk about it. I really didn’t want her to know that I’m a SEAL. You never know how chicas (girls) react to that. Look at Erica,” says Christian, looking at his sister with her novio (boyfriend).
“Okay, but you need to tell her soon,” says Tony, nodding in agreement.
“I’ll tell her soon. When I know that she wouldn’t freak out, okay?” says Christian. He looks at them to see that they’ll cover him.
“Okay, hermano,” agrees Alex, nodding. I’m finishing my Corona because I need to go to my Carolina, he thinks.
“Si, primo (cousin), I will. What do want me to tell her if she asks where you work?” asks Tony.
“Primo (cousin), tell her that I work at the job sites as the Construction Site Manager. That’s the job that Jose Enrique wants me to do. He says that we have been losing materials and not getting the quality material that we have paid for,” says Christian. 
“I can see that it would be a great job for you. You would be in the office but at the same time you’ll be out in the field. Yeah, I think that would be good for you,” says Alex. He observes Christian. 
Wow, my hermano changed in a matter of hours. I can see that his mujer has really touched him. All he ever wanted to do is have fun. That’s one of the reasons that he went into the Navy. He wanted excitement, ponders Alex.
“Oh yeah, primo (cousin), that’s a perfect job for you. We certainly do need you to handle the construction sites. The managers that we’ve had are not responsible and they’re dishonest,” says Tony, taking a drink of his Corona.
Ricky and Jacki return from dancing to talk to the primos (cousins). Ricky walks over to stand with his primos (cousins). “What’s up, primos (cousins)?” he asks, as he turns to the bar to get a Corona.
“Christian is in love,” says Tony, smirking. He leans to the side, before Christian’s fist connects with his arm.
“Yeah, he is,” agrees Alex, smiling at Ricky.
“Primo (cousin), I highly recommend this love business. It’s very rewarding,” says Ricky, winking at his primo (cousin).
“Oh yeah, primo (cousin), I’m beginning to reap the rewards,” agrees Christian, grinning at his primo (cousin).
Ricky sees Jacki looking at him and knows that she’s ready to leave. My reina (queen) wants to love now, he thinks, winking at her. 
She smiles back at him, making him feel like a teenager getting a smile from his crush. “Okay, primos (cousins), I’ll talk to you later,” he says as he walks away to get his reina (queen). 
The primos (cousins) watch him leave. 
“It’s so amazing how Ricky is all into Jacki,” says Tony, observing the happy couple. He takes a drink of his Corona. 
“Tony, I tell you that when you meet the one, your alma gemela, you know. It feels great. You don’t think of anything or anyone,” says Christian, smiling at his primo (cousin). 
“I hope that I don’t meet the one anytime soon,” says Tony, looking at the chicas (girls) in the club that just arrived. “Come on, Alex, there’s a couple of cute chicas (girls) down at the end of the bar,” he says, walking down. 
Alex follows Tony down the bar. I don’t think that the chicas (girls) are all that cute. Hmmm, is that why I don’t like other chicas (girls)? Is this what Christian says about not wanting or thinking about any other mujer when you meet the one, your alma gemela? I should leave. Why am I even following Tony when I have my Carolina? I know that she’s waiting for me. I’m only talking to them, he ponders.
Alex smiles and talks to the chicas (girls). He even dances a couple of times. He’s not attracted to them and doesn’t bother to get their information. Alex leaves a little early, wanting to get back to Carolina. 
He drives quickly and heads urgently into her room. He takes off his clothes, takes a quick shower, and he then slides into bed. He pulls her into his arms “Baby.” He kisses her, wanting to feel her.  
“Alex.” She smiles and kisses wrapping her arms around him. Her kiss if full of amor and passion. She loves how he feels next to her. My baby is always hungry. She strokes his shaft, feeling him tremble.
“Baby, I need you.” Alex pulls her closer and take her with red hot need. I need to feel her. I need to feel our almas sear together. 
Hmmm, he’s real passionate and I know that he missed me. I wonder why he didn’t invite me? Hmm, I’ll be patient with him. He’s always returning to my bed and always hungry. No worries. 
Alex wakes early and pulls Carolina close. Hmmm, I just love her scent and feel. “Baby, you’re so delicious.” He kisses her deeply. “I’m always hungry when I’m near you.” 
He runs his hands down her back and caresses her glorious hair. Hmmm, everything about my Carolina is beautiful and she’s so sweet.
“Alex, I need you.” She touches him, moaning passionately. “I want some.” 
She turns, kissing him as he slides into her hot heart, taking her fast and deep like she loves. 
“So yummy.” She moans in his ear, biting his earlobe, making him groan. He feels their almas searing as one as they reach their release. He gasps with the pleasure of feeling her alma and their bodies unite. 
My Baby is incredible. Is Carolina my one? Is sex what they’re talking about? Is it about our almas searing and this hunger that never stops, muses Alex.
“Baby, have you thought about what you want us to do today? Do you want to go to the movies and dinner?” he asks her. 
His besos (kisses) are full of pasión. He loves her with desperation. I just want more.
He kisses his way down to her beautiful breasts. He nips and softly sucks her delicious nipples. Hmmm, so good. He loves her, touching heaven. 

Chapter Sixteen

The entire De La Cruz familia are relaxing and enjoying their gathering. In the background, you can hear playing the romantic Mexican love songs. The night is beautiful. The sky looks like dark navy blue velvet encrusted with bright diamonds.  
The mamas are talking and cooking the Sunday dinner meal. The three patriarchs playing pool and drinking their tequila.  
The primos (cousins) are sitting down, chatting about the week events and the pact that they agreed on.
“Hey, primas, thanks for thinking up the pact. It truly makes our life easier.” Jose Enrique grins, he looks down at Jessica. 
“Yeah, primas, I second that,” says Ricky looking at his reina on his lap. Damn, yes, especially me. I’m married and suffering, he thinks.
“Who knows what happened to Christian, he’s late,” asks Tony, looking for his party primo (cousin). “We always go out after dinner.”
Ricky looks around at the primos (cousins). I don’t know if I should say anything. Christian might want to tell them himself, ponders Ricky. He looks at his reina, who shrugs her shoulders, smiling. 
“I know that he has a novia,” says Bella. She’s really cute and perfect for my hermano, she thinks.
“No way not another one falling,” says Alex. Damn, this is even worse because it’s my hermano. “Who is she and where did he meet her?”
“Hermano, she’s really cute and I know that she’s perfect for Christian. I saw him truly excited about her,” says Bella. She smiles, nodding at Alex.
Yeah, he’s excited, thinks Ricky. He refrains from telling them about his whereabouts. I do have to tell Jose Enrique and Bella about Monique not coming into work tomorrow. He takes a sip of his drink and looks around. 
“Si, I saw his novia and she is muy (very) cute,” says Ricky, nodding. He smiles at his bella reina (lovely queen).
“Are you talking about Monique Acosta?” asks Paty, looking at Bella and Ricky for confirmation. 
“It appears like he’s not showing. We won’t see him until next weekend if he gets off,” says Alex. He searches for Gabriel, to see if he knows something. 
Gabriel and Erica are far away on another table, too busy talking about their plans. Gabriel is also a Navy SEAL, in fact Chris’ SEAL BUD. It doesn’t look like they even know what’s up, he thinks. 
He shakes his head and glances at Jose Enrique. It looks like slowly, we are all getting married. Alex takes a drink of his Corona. 
He looks at Tony and shrugs. “Let’s go, primo (cousin), it’s just the two of us tonight,” he says. 
“Adios, primos (cousins),” they say, walking away. They go to say adios (goodbye) to their padres. 
“Alex, I wonder where Christian is? He never misses Sunday dinner when he’s not on duty,” says Tony. 
“I know, but I think that he’s really into his mujer (woman). You remember how he talked about her and about getting married on Friday,” says Alex, approaching his mama to give her a hug. 
“Mis niños (my boys), do you know where Christian is? He hasn’t showed up!” asks Mama Maria, looking at their faces for any type of answers.
“No, we don’t. I was asking the primos (cousins) and nobody has heard from him mama,” replies Alex. He looks at his mama with concern. “Do you think that something happened to him?”
“No, I pray that nothing has happened to Christian. I know that he went to see his novia this morning and hasn’t returned,” says Mama Maria. She looks over at her esposo. “It’s still early. Maybe he’s still with his novia.”
“That could be it, mama. He just lost track of time,” says Alex, nodding. I don’t believe this for a minute. Christian being a Navy SEAL is aware of time and everything that’s going on around him, thinks Alex.
“Okay, my hijo, dios los bendiga (god bless you),” says his mama Maria. She smiles looking at her niños.
Tias Queta and Lupe also gave them their blessings. Alex and Tony both walk out, heading to the clubs.
Alex drives into the club’s parking lot. I don’t want to meet anyone. I only want to burn up time until I get to pick up Carolina, thinks Alex. 
“I hope to meet some nice chica and have fun tonight,” says Tony. He peers out the window at all the chica’s that are arriving at the same time. 
“Yeah, primo (cousin), look at those two over there by that red car, real hot,” says Tony, smiling. He whistles at the chicas (girls).
“Si, primo (cousin), you’re right! Those chicas (girls) are cute!” replies Alex. I’m not excited about talking to these chicas (girls). 
He parks the car and Alex hurries to catch up to the chicas (girls). “It’s a nice night,” says Alex, smiling at the chicas (girls) walking next to them. “What’s your name?”
The chica looks at him and smiles. Hmmmm, he’s cute, thinks Maria. “I’m Maria and this is my prima, Theresa,” she says, smiling, looking over at Tony.   
“Hola, Theresa,” says Tony, grinning. He looks at her prima.
“Hola,” replies Theresa. She smiles, looking at Tony. Wow, he’s handsome. “What is your name?” 
“I’m Sebastian Antonio De La Cruz,” he says, smiling at the bella chica. Hmm, maybe we’ll click, he thinks.
“I’m his primo (cousin), Alejandro Andres De La Cruz,” says Alex, smiling. “Can we buy you a drink?” 
“Si, that would be nice, we would like some soda,” says Maria, nodding. They allow them to escort them to a table. Tony sits down to talk to them while Alex gets them a drink. He’s happy that they met some nice chicas (girls).
“Do you two come here often?” asks Tony, wondering if they have been going to the wrong place.
“We come here sometimes when we have time,” replies Maria, smiling at Tony. These chicos are real handsome and muy (very) nice, thinks Maria. 
Tony and Alex spend the evening talking, laughing, and dancing with the two bella chicas (girls). 
I know that they’re nice and bella, thinks Tony. I don’t feel like she’s the one. I still can have fun getting to know them. Tony asks Theresa to dance. 
Alex sits at the table, talking to Maria. I don’t think this she’s the one. Hmmm, I only feel those overwhelming emotions that my primos (cousins) talk about with Carolina! This chica is sweet and cute but I really don’t feel anything, thinks Alex. 
He smiles and dances with her. I want to see Carolina. Alex looks to see what time it is. I’ll go and pick her up at work. I’ll take her to the casa. I need to hold her close and love, thinks Alex.
A couple hours later, they leave the club. “Primo (cousin), did you like the chicas (girls),” asks Tony, looking at Alex.
“Primo (cousin), they’re sweet, cute, and fun. I didn’t feel a thing for them,” says Alex, thinking of Carolina.
“Well, I’ll see ya,” says Tony, getting out and walking to his casa.
Alex goes to pick Carolina up from work. He pulls her into his arms and kisses her deeply. “Baby, I need you,” he hugs her. Damn, I want to be in our bed, he thinks.
“Hola, Alex,” says Carolina, smiling. “I’m tired tonight.” 
“Okay, Baby,” says Alex. He assists her into the car. He quickly drives to the casa. He loves with all of the pasión that she ignites in him. 
“Alex, I love how you love me. I love how hungry you get,” says Carolina. She rains beso (kiss) all over his chest. She slowly nibbles his awesome chest, marking him. She nips his nipples, loving how hot he gets.
The next morning, he goes to work. Alex hears a few comments about him and Carolina. 
Hmmm, I wonder how they even suspect. Did they see us last time we were here together? I really don’t want them talking about my Carolina. It doesn’t matter, because it’s not their business and we are doing our jobs. We’re also both adults and single.

Chapter Seventeen

Alex enjoys their love making before going into work. “Baby, you’re so sweet,” he says, taking her fast and hard. They reach their release together, holding hands. He gives her red hot beso (kiss), devouring her lips. I can’t get enough. I just want to crawl into her skin, he thinks with a hot urgent pasión. 
“Alex, more,” says Carolina. She urges him, feeling him hard again. I want him, I want more. She encourages him to keep on taking her, fast and furious. 
“Baby,” says Alex. He groans as he feels her hot tight heart clutch his shaft exquisitely, milking him, and searing their almas as one. 
They breathe deeply, gazing into each other eyes. They’re bursting with pasión and amor. “You’re so delicious. I always want you.” He kisses her deeply. He continues to love her, moving slow in and out, feeling her, making his mouth water. 
Carolina pulls him closer, returning his beso (kiss). She devours his lips. 
He moves down to taste her beautiful breasts. “Eres mia (you’re mine),” he says. He takes her nipple into his mouth and twirls his tongue around and then takes small bites. 
“Siempre tuya (always yours),” whispers Carolina.
He starts to go faster, feeling her mark him. He shudders as they reach their release, searing their almas. 
Finally, I’m sated after hours of loving her. This is unreal .I don’t know why I just never get enough. He pulls her into his arms, holding her close.
I love how he loves me. I feel cherished. I’m not sure if he loves me. I’m scared to wake up someday and find that he has left. I’m going to die slowly when he leaves. I’m so attached to him, his pasion, and the security that I feel. I’m going to take a pregnancy test. Maybe, I’ll have a small piece of him with me, muses Carolina. 
His cell rings and Alex sees that it’s Tony. “Hola, primo (cousin),” he says, leaning over for a beso (kiss) smiling.
“Primo (cousin), I need you to go to ER. Ricky is hurt,” says Tony, with anxiety.
“I’m on it primo (cousin),” says Alex. He ends the call turning to Carolina. “Baby, I have to hurry. My primo (cousin) is hurt, and he’s in route to the ER.” 
“Oh, dios mio (omg)! Yes, you need to hurry Alex! Be careful.” Carolina watches him take a quick shower. Hmm, I’m so sleepy. 
Alex returns and gives her a beso (kiss), trying not to wake her. Damn, she’s so tired, my poor Baby. I don’t let her sleep much. Ah, she’s so delicious. I need to get to the ER.
The paramedics arrive at the job site, where Ricky has been hurt. They start to attend to Ricky, taking him into the ambulance. 
“Hermano (brother), remember to be careful how you tell my Reina,” says Ricky. He looks into Tony’s eyes with concern and pain. 
“Don’t worry, hermano. I’ll try to be careful with Jacki,” he says. “I’ll follow the ambulance and call Alex.” I need to call my Padres (parents). I don’t know if we should call Jacki yet, thinks Tony. He calls his Padres (parents).
“Hola, mi hijo (my son),” says his Mama Lupe, smiling. Tony has just left a few minutes ago, she thinks. “Did you forget something, mi hijo?”
“Mama, don’t get scared but Ricky has been hurt at the job site. I need you and papa to come to the hospital,” says Tony, with anxiety. His voice is full of emotion, transmitting his concern. “Ricky doesn’t want us to tell Jacki yet.”
“Okay, mi hijo. We’ll be there in a few,” says Mama Lupe. Her voice grows faint with the intense pain that she feels. She’s trying not to cave in to the pain and fear she’s feeling.
“Okay, mama” says Tony, ending the call. I need to call my primo (cousin), Alex, and let him know that Ricky is on his way. 
Alex arrives at the ER. He immediately strides to Ricky’s room. He has some tests run and walks out to go to his other patients. 
The tests arrive about an hour later. Alex reviews the test results. Alex walks into Ricky’s hospital room and looks around at the familia. He nods at them. 
“Primo (cousin), we need you to stay overnight for observation. Jacki can stay with you,” says Alex. He smiles and notices how she’s already lying right next to him. “You will be taken to your room in a few minutes,” says Alex. He turns to look at his Tios.
“How are you doing, Tios,” asks Alex, before leaving.
“We’re doing okay, mi hijo, now that we know that Ricardo is going to be okay?” says his Tio Jorge.
“Si, mi hijo, I’m doing okay,” says his Tia Lupe, nodding.
“Okay Tios, I’ll check in later. I have to attend my other patients,” says Alex. He strides out, urgently walking to his office.
Chapter Eighteen

A few days later, the primos (cousins) are meeting up at the club. They arrive at the club and Jessy sits down at the table with the primas, while Jose Enrique goes to the bar. 
“What’s up, primos (cousins)?” asks Jose Enrique. He glances at Tony, Alex, and Christian.
“Nada (nothing),” says Tony. He has a surly and rough tone. He takes a drink of his Corona.
“Yeah, I’m just checking out the view,” says Alex. He chuckles with amusement at Tony’s ill mood.
“I’m waiting for these fools to stop sulking,” says Christian, grinning.
“Yeah, good luck with that! I’ll be back. Let me give my Amor her drink,” says Jose Enrique, nodding.
“Primo (cousin), did you see that bella chica that just walked in,” asks Alex, looking at Cynthia. Wow, she’s hot and I’ve never seen her here before, thinks Alex.
“Which one, primo (cousin)?” asks Tony, not really interested. He has spent all day thinking of Cynthia and what a jerk he is. “I need another Corona,” says Tony, to Matt the bartender. 
“She’s over there at the table near the dance floor. Look, she’s going to dance with some guey (jerk). Yeah, look, it’s the one in the sexy red dress,” says Alex, running his eyes down her exquisite figure.
Tony turns to where his primo (cousin) is directing him and he goes insane with rage and jealousy. I can’t believe this. My mujer is here and she’s dressed like that. That dress is almost nonexistent, indecent, unacceptable, he rages. 
The dress is not showing a lot of flesh. It’s only a little daring and sexy. The dress back is cut low, past her waistline and just above the curve of her rear end. The dress material is shimmering red, clingy with long sleeves and has a cowl neckline. The total effect is sexy, daring. It drapes over every curve. 
This is a nightmare, thinks Tony. Without thinking about it, he walks towards her to pull her out of the guey’s (jerks) arms. How dare he touch her, she’s mia, only mia (mine). “Guey, she’s my mujer,” says Tony, pulling her out of his arms. 
“Since when, idiota? She came in all by herself. If she’s your mujer you shouldn’t leave her alone,” says the Chico. He pulls her back into his arms.
Tony sees red and pulls Cynthia back into his side. “Mira, idiota! (look, idiot!) If you want to fight, let’s go outside,” says Tony enraged. He holds her tightly next to him. 
Alex, Christian, Javier, Gabriel and Jose Enrique are behind him. Tony knows this, since they’ve always have each other’s back. 
I think this was over kill, thinks Cynthia, dreading the outcome. I knew it would work. He needed a little push and a wakeup call. I‘ll not tolerate him pushing me away when I know he loves me.
Tony turns quickly to make sure that his primos (cousins) are there and hands Cynthia their way. “Jose Enrique, take Cynthia back to my sisters,” says Tony, glaring at the guey (jerk).
Cynthia is surprised that the primos (cousins) are right behind them. Wow, I didn’t know that they were there, she thinks, blushing embarrassed. Geeze, this is just great. I get to meet them all under these circumstance and dressed like this.
“Come here, Cynthia, and allow me take you to my primas,” says Jose Enrique. He looks at the bella chica that’s his primo (cousin)’s alma gemela. No wonder Tony is having a shit attack. Not only is she here and dancing with another hombre, but she’s dressed really hot. All the guey’s(jerks) are drooling over her. She is incredible, thinks Jose Enrique.
“I’m sorry for causing this problem. I just wanted Tony to realize that he can lose me,” says Cynthia. She’s almost in tears and tries to blink them back.
Ahh, now I get it. She’s only dressed this way to get Tony all worked up and jealous. Damn. It worked, he thinks, grinning. This chica is amazing. Jose Enrique walks her over to the table. 
Jose Enrique returns to see that Tony has the Chico by his shirt. He’s ready to beat the shit out of him. Oh, Dios mio, Tony is out of control with anger. It must be all of the frustration that he’s been feeling in not being able to be with his mujer. 
“Primo (cousin), let him go,” says Jose Enrique, in a soft low voice. He’s trying to get him to listen to reason. “Cynthia is at the table with your sisters.”
“Okay, idiota, tonight is your lucky night. Don’t go near my mujer,” says Tony, shoving him back into the wall. He turns to leave.
“Guey, don’t leave her alone,” says the Chico. He shakes his head with amazement. Some guey’s (jerks) are too stupid in leaving their bella chicas (girls) by themselves, he thinks.
The bouncers arrive where they are and look over the entire area. They don’t see anything going on. Shrugging their shoulders, they return to their posts.
“Primo (cousin), are you okay?” asks Christian, standing next to Tony. I wonder what the hell is up, ponders Christian.
“Si, primo (cousin),” says Tony, not wanting to talk to his primos (cousins). I need to get to Cynthia and take her home. “Primos (cousins), I’m taking Cynthia home.” 
“Primo (cousin), you need to calm down,” says Alex. He stops him to ensure that he’s calmed down. “I’m sorry, I didn’t know.”
“No worries, primo (cousin),” says Tony. He pulls his arm from Alex’s hand. 

Chapter Nineteen

The primos (cousins) return to the bar. They observe him talking to Cynthia and are amazed at how Tony is behaving. He’s in love. They grin, looking at him hold Cynthia tightly to his side. 
Christian turns to the primos (cousins) “So that’s Tony’s mujer (woman)?” he asks Jose Enrique. “He’s raging with frustration.”
“Yes, he is, and she stated that she did this only to push him into action. Tony has been trying to take it slow. Primo (cousin), Cynthia is Lopez’s daughter. You know that the cartel says that Lopez recommended the familia to him. We’re not sure if this is true. Tony is going to take it slow until we do verify this,” says Jose Enrique. 
This incident could have turned into a huge fiasco. Not good for our image, he thinks.
“Damn it, no wonder he’s been uptight. This is amazing and dangerous,” says Christian. “We need to be careful and make sure that Tony doesn’t cause any issues with Lopez.”
“What the hell. I didn’t know he had a novia. She’s Lopez’s daughter,” says Alex, shaking his head. He takes a drink of his Corona. “I pointed her out without knowing she was his mujer (woman).”
“Don’t worry, primo (cousin), I know that Tony won’t be mad about that. He was furious at the Chico touching her,” says Jose Enrique. He smiles. “Of course, he didn’t like that all of the guey’s (jerks) were drooling.” 
“Yeah, how could they not?” says Christian. I wonder how she even got the dress on. “I can understand Tony’s anger.” 
“Yeah, I feel the same,” says Jose Enrique, taking a drink.
“Now, it’s just Javier and I without a novia. Damn, this sucks,” says Alex, taking a drink of his Corona. Is Carolina my novia? No she’s my mujer (woman) and I want her. I need to leave, thinks Alex.
“Javier is busy with that chica over at her table,” says Christian, nodding. 
He grins, knowing that Alex is on his own for the rest of the evening. “You should locate your alma gemela. I guarantee it’s worth it.”
“Yeah, primo (cousin), it’s really worth it,” says Jose Enrique, nodding. He grins wickedly.
“Si, primos (cousins), I’m on it. Adios,” says Alex, walking out of the club. Why am I out here alone when I have Carolina? Is she the one, my alma gemela? Would I die if another man touches her? Huh, I would kill him. 
Alex drives to the hospital to pick up Carolina from work and takes her home. 
Si, she’s only mia. He loves her with urgency. I know that I need to make a decision soon, ponders Alex. 

The next evening, Alex is getting ready to go to bed at his padre’s casa (parents). He’s called into the ER. Hmmm, I wonder who couldn’t make it, he thinks, driving to the hospital. Yeah, I get to see my Baby sooner. 
He strides quickly to the ER and changes into the scrubs. He then walks to the Medical Station. Carolina isn’t there. Where is she? It’s not time for her lunch. He turns to look over at the clock. 
He starts working and it’s a while before he sees her return. I wonder where she went. He tries not to focus on where she went and continues to work through all the ER patients. 
Finally a break. Alex walks into his office and sits down in his chair. I need to take a nap. He leans back in his chair closing his eyes. 
Hmmm, Alex is in his office. Should I go and see him? It’s dangerous and the staff is talking. I just went to get a pregnancy test. Should I tell him? 
Carolina decides to go into his office. I need to see him for a few minutes. 
She enters without knocking and sees that he’s asleep. Hmmm, I better just return to work. She turns to leave. 
“Baby, where were you?” asks Alex. He looks at her. 
“I went to get some food,” she says, smiling. I don’t want him to know that I went to get a pregnancy test. I think I’m pregnant but I want to make sure. 
Alex smiles with relief. I thought for a moment she could had been with someone else and I would kill him, he thinks, opening his arms. 
Carolina smiles and runs to him, wrapping her arms around his neck, kissing him deeply. 
Hmmm, she tastes so good, he thinks, pulling up her dress. “I need you,” he says. He kisses her neck, feeling her tremble as he pulls down her panties. He undoes his pants and pulls out his aching shaft. 
“Hmmm, you feel yummy,” she says, riding him fast and hard, clutching his hot shaft, kissing him with all of her pasión. 
Alex quickly kisses her, muffling her pleasure as they reach heaven together, meeting and searing their almas.
“Baby, we need to stop,” he says, quickly cleaning Carolina and himself. He then goes onto the floor, to make the rounds of his patients. 
Carolina smiles and pulls up her panties, walking out of his office. Si, nobody noticed. I know he wants some more. He’s still hungry. I will love him some more later. My amor is so sexy. 
She watches him walk around. She notices all the other Physician’s Assistants watch him. I don’t think so. He’s mio, only mio, thinks Carolina. 

“Sister, you’re sneaky,” says Erica, looking at her esposo. Hmm, he’s very handsome and just what Bella always wanted. I’m so happy that my sister is married, thinks Erica. “Sister, have you talked to the priest about the church ceremony?”
“No, Sister, you know that we haven’t had time,” says Bella. She feels Greg pull her closer to his side while he talks to her hermano, Alex. 
“You did meet Carlos and he looks just like Gabriel. Paty is extremely happy. We didn’t have time to see each other or talk in Vegas,” says Bella. She looks over at her prima, Paty. 
“Si, Alex, I’m going over the finances and I’ve already showed your primos (cousins) some portfolios. I know that your wealth will triple in a couple of years,” says Greg, glancing at Bella.
“I’m glad that Carlos and you are now part of the familia” says Alex. He takes a drink of his Corona. I really should bring Carolina to the Sunday dinners. I’m starting to really think she’s the one, my alma gemela, ponders Alex.
“Mama will be changing lots of diapers soon,” Bella says, smiling, flashing her beautiful dimples.
Alex hears his sister and tries not to smile. Si, my Mama is going to have the casa full of bebe’s. My bebe is coming soon. I know it. I really should just check her out when I get back, thinks Alex.
Tony is sitting at the table, attempting to eat his dinner. He tries to ignore his headache. What in diablos (devil) was I thinking drinking all of that tequila? I feel like hell and like I’m dying even now after hours of sleep, thinks Tony. 
Ricky sits next to him. “Tony, are you feeling well?” asks Ricky. He notices how pale and gray Tony looks. “Go home and rest some more. I don’t think it’s a great idea to try to get Cynthia tonight.” 
“What the hell, Ricky! I’m going tonight even if it kills me,” says Tony. 
He clenches his teeth and growls. He’s trying not to give his plan away. I don’t want my primos (cousins) to try and stop me. It’s bad enough that Ricky is on my back, muses Tony. 
“Tony, estas loco (you’re crazy) and you need to rest. You need to be on top of things before you try to get Cynthia. Lopez has lots of guards around her casa,” says Ricky. He’s trying to keep control of the situation. 
Tony turns to look at Ricky. “Don’t butt in,” he says through clenched teeth. He takes a drink of his water trying to kill the thirst.
Ricky looks at Jose Enrique, to have him come over with Christian. He then turns to look at Alex and Javier, to get them to come over to help out. We need to stop Tony before Lopez kills him. 
“My amor, can you give me a minute. I need to talk to Tony,” says Jose Enrique. He whispers in Jessy’s ear and gives her a beso (kiss).
“Si, my vida (life),” says Jessy. She waves Jacki over to allow the primos (cousins) some privacy. 
“Christian, I need a minute. Would that be okay, Monique?” asks Jose Enrique. He looks at her waiting for her response. 
“Yes, of course,” says Monique, smiling. She gives Christian a beso (kiss) and walks over to the twins. I would love to get to know Veronica and Claudia better.
“Que pasa (what’s up), Ricky?” asks Jose Enrique. He sits behind Tony and Christian, sits on Tony’s other side, blocking him in. 
“What’s up?” asks Alex, standing in front of Tony, noticing that he’s not looking well. 
“Primo (cousin), you’re okay,” asks Javier, noticing how gray Tony’s complexion is and his eyes are bloodshot.
“Primos (cousins), Tony is acting big time loco (crazy). We know he wants to get Cynthia out. Primos (cousins), Tony drank some Corona and an entire bottle of tequila this afternoon. He has a huge hangover. Look how gray and sick he looks. He’s being stubborn and wants to get Cynthia out tonight even if he’s not feeling well. Tony is not on top of things. Lopez will kill him if he shows,” says Ricky. He’s frustrated. He wants to be well to beat some sense into Tony.
“Primo (cousin), estas loco (you’re crazy). You know you should wait at least until tomorrow. Christian told me that Lopez has guards around the casa,” says Jose Enrique, frustrated. “We don’t need to be burying you. You need to stay alive.” 
“Primo (cousin), you need to calm down and listen. We’ll help you get her out,” says Javier. He looks at the primos (cousins). “You know that we’re always united.”
“Si, primo (cousin), we have your back and we need to plan this out good,” says Alex. He looks at Tony’s glazed, angry eyes. My primo (cousin) is not listening to reason, muses Alex.
Tony sits at the table, listening to them. Yeah, right, they say this because they have their mujer right next to them. I need mine. I’m going unless they tie me up. I will not allow that to happen. I’ll just agree not to go and I’ll go later, ponders Tony. 
“Okay, primos (cousins), I’ll wait until tomorrow,” says Tony. He takes another drink of water with some pills. I hope that these pills kill the headache, he thinks.
“Primos (cousins), we need to tie him up. That’s why I called you over. Tony told me not to butt in,” says Ricky. He observes the primos (cousins) to gauge their reactions. Yeah, just like I felt, we never ever say that. We’re always united in every problem. 
“Que te pasa (what’s wrong with you) Sebastian Antonio,” says Jose Enrique. He growls in anger. “Tu sabes (you know) that we’re one entire unit.”
“Si, primo (cousin), estas loco (you’re crazy),” says Christian. He’s furious when he hears him. “Never have we not been there for each other, que te pasa?” 
“Primo (cousin), reacciona (snap out of it) and pensa (think), we only want you happy,” says Alex, shaking his head. His mujer is truly changing Tony.
“Tony, you’re not thinking,” says Javier, in a low growl. He’s angry with how unusual he’s acting. He hasn’t been himself since meeting his mujer, he muses.
Tony hears them and feels like hell. Si, they’re right. We’re always united. I just feel desperate to get Cynthia. “Help me,” says Tony, through clenched teeth.
Christian, Jose Enrique, Ricky, Javier, and Alex look at each other, shaking their heads. “Primo (cousin), we told you we’ll help, but we need to get more information. We need to plan this out. We can’t run into this and get killed. It wouldn’t help to leave our woman,” says Jose Enrique. He looks into Tony’s face, seeing his anger and pain. 
“Primo (cousin), we need to extract her efficiently and safely,” says Christian. “We need to know exactly what our enemy is.”
“Si, but you leave in the morning, Ricky is hurt, Javier leaves, and Alex has to go to work. It leaves only Jose Enrique and me. I need Cynthia,” says Tony. He’s stubbornly looks at his hermanos and primos (cousins). 
“Si, primo (cousin), we’ll plan this out tomorrow once we get more information,” says Jose Enrique. He looks at Tony, knowing that this doesn’t please him. 
“Hermano, you need to listen to reason. You’re a man and not a niño (little boy). You need to stop being stubborn,” says Ricky. He’s angry and fearful for his hermano. 
Tony hears them but doesn’t care. I will go for my Cynthia tonight. “Si, I’ll wait until tomorrow,” says Tony, smiling at them.  
My primo (cousin) is loco and his mujer is causing a lot of his issues. Hmm, he’s out of control, thinks Alex. He leaves the familia’s Sunday dinner to pick up Carolina. My Baby will be out in a few and I will love her until we faint
Chapter Twenty

The dawn is breaking early the next morning. Tony is dropped off on Main Street near the café shop. An elderly man is walking down the street to get his morning cup of coffee. He approaches the café shop and sees Tony lying on the ground. He immediately looks around the street. He doesn’t see anybody. It is still early. He runs into the café shop. “I need you to call 911. There’s a young man all beaten up on the side of this store,” he says in an anxious voice. 
The paramedics immediately respond to the call. They arrive at the site and attend to Tony. They take Tony to the hospital ER. 
The medical team immediately checks his vitals. They inspect and attend to all of his injuries. He has two broken ribs on his right. The doctors wrapped up his ribs so they can start to heal. 
The x-rays show that his internal organs appear to be okay. Tony has injuries to his face. He has a split lip that requires stitches. His entire face and body is swollen with deep purple and red bruises.  
“Did you call Dr. Alex De La Cruz? This is his cousin, Tony” says one of the doctors attending to Tony, turning to the nurse Ellen. 
“Dr. De La Cruz is not available and I left a voice message,” says Nurse Ellen. “He doesn’t have his wallet on him, so we don’t have any numbers to call.”
“Okay, I’ll try to call Dr. De La Cruz,” says Dr. Smith, smiling at the nurse. He turns and exits the room. He goes to his office to make the call.
Alex is getting ready to go into work. He turns around to give Carolina a beso (kiss). 
She’s fallen asleep and looks tired. I need to make sure she eats healthy and rests. Now would be a good time to check her, he thinks. 
He touches her womb feeling for his bebe. Hmm, si, my bebe is here. He smiles and feels a pressure in his heart. Bebe, I love you, whispers Alex. 
He leans down and gives her womb a beso (kiss). I wish I had my stethoscope with me. I would love to hear my bebe’s heartbeat. I’ll listen to my bebe later tonight, he thinks. 
He gives Carolina one more beso (kiss) with his entire amor and with tenderness. Shit, I better get the phone before it wakes Carolina, thinks Alex.
He gets up, going into the living room. “Hi, this is Dr. De La Cruz,” says Alex, sliding on his shoes as he grabs his keys to leave.
“Hi, Alex. It’s me Eric. I hope you’re on your way in. Your cousin, Tony, was brought in early this morning by the paramedics. He’s stable, but we didn’t have any numbers to call.” 
“You’re shitting me. Tony is there? What’s wrong with him,” asks Alex. He jumps into his car, in a hurry to get to the ER to check on his primo (cousin). “Eric, you have to tell me.” 
“Alex, calm down. He’s vitals are stable, but he looks like a giant bruised piece of meat,” says Dr. Eric. He glances over at Tony, to see that he’s still sleeping. “I have him on IV with some morphine for the pain.”
“I’m on my way,” says Alex. “Eric, thanks. I owe you one.”
“See you in a bit,” says Dr. Eric. He turns to look at Tony’s IV to make sure it’s okay.
Alex arrives at the hospital and immediately strides to the ER to check on Tony. He walks into the room. He almost yells in anger when he sees how much Tony was beaten. 
My primo (cousin) is lucky that they didn’t really do real serious injuries. He walks over to pull out his chart. He double checks his injuries and vitals. Okay, he’s going to be okay. He’ll only have a few bruises and pain. I need to call Jose Enrique and my Tios, he thinks.
“Hello, Tio Jorge?” says Alex, as he hears his Tio’s answer the phone.
“Buenos dias, Alex,” says Tio Jorge with a cheerful voice. I wonder why Alex is calling so early. “Mi hijo, what’s wrong?” 
“Tio, Tony is here in the hospital and he’s hurt. Tio don’t get scared. He is doing okay,” says Alex. He prays that his tios don’t get real scared. This is odd. Ricky was hurt last week. I wonder what’s going on. Is this related to the cartel? he muses.
“Mi hijo, I’m on my way to the hospital,” says his Tio Jorge. 
Alex calls Jose Enrique to see if he knows what’s happening with the primos (cousins) getting beaten up. “Hola, primo (cousin), it’s Alex. I’m calling to advise you that Tony is in the hospital all beaten up. The paramedics picked him up on the street. Primo (cousin), do you know what’s going on? Why are the primos (cousins) getting beaten up?” asks Alex. He looks out of the window thinking of several possibilities. I wonder if this has anything to do with his mujer, thinks Alex.
“Primo (cousin), what the fuck happened! What a mess. I think that Tony attempted to get his mujer out of her casa. Her padre’s guards probably did this,” says Jose Enrique, enraged. 
He’s furious on hearing the news. “We thought that he agreed to wait until today. We were going to get additional information before attempting to get Cynthia out.”
“Yes, primo (cousin), but Tony has not been himself since meeting his mujer,” says Alex, angrily. “She has been nothing but a huge problem.”
“Primo (cousin), it’s not Cynthia and she loves him,” says Jose Enrique. He’s getting upset that the familia would start pointing at Cynthia for all of what’s been happening. That’s exactly what Tony didn’t want to happen. “I’ll be there in a few.”
“Okay, primo (cousin), I’ll wait for you,” says Alex. He’s thinking of what Jose Enrique said.
Dios mio, help and protect my familia, prays Jose Enrique, arriving at the hospital. He goes directly to the ER. 
“Primo (cousin),” says Jose Enrique, walking into Tony’s room. He sees that he’s asleep. “How’s he doing?”
“Primo (cousin), Tony has a loss of consciousness. He hasn’t woken up and all of the punches that he received in the fight were acceleration g-forces. These forces exert rotational forces in the brain, especially the midbrain and diencephalon,” says Alex. He’s worried about Tony and what this could mean. “His vitals are good and we don’t see anything wrong internally but we need to do additional tests. It looks like he has mild traumatic brain injury, M.T.B.I, a concussion.”
“Primo (cousin), you’re scaring me. My tios will be devastated. Why didn’t one of us stay with him last night,” says Jose Enrique. He paces around the room. He’s thinking of what he or his primos (cousins) should have done to prevent Tony from going to get Cynthia.
“Si, primo (cousin), my tios are on their way. We’ll run the tests and pray that Tony wakes up quickly,” says Alex. He goes out to order the tests to be done immediately.
Jose Enrique paces. Dios mio, please have Tony get better. Please help us with the cartel. Please do me a favor and give me strength. Everything is getting out of control and I need to be at the office. I’ll call Bella and Paty for help, thinks Jose Enrique.
“Excuse me, Dr. De La Cruz requested some additional tests to be done,” says the nurse. “We’ll bring him back after the tests. Most likely he’ll be taken to a room.”
Jose Enrique looks at the nurse and nods. “We’ll wait here,” he says turning to his Tios. “Will you like me to bring you something to drink?” he asks his Tios as the nurses wheel Tony away.
Jose Enrique goes to get them their water. Damn, I wish that we had been with Tony last night. We should have gone with him when he asked us, thinks Jose Enrique with frustration. He returns to the room.  
“Tios,” says Jose Enrique, giving them the water. He stands close to the window, thinking.
A few moments later, Tony returns from the tests. Alex walks into the room.
“Mi hijo,” says Tia Lupe. “How is Sebastian Antonio?” she implores him. She wipes her eyes with the tissue. 
“Tios,” says Alex. He looks at them. I pray that they’ll be strong when they hear what Tony’s condition is. “Tony vitals are good but he’s unconscious. We had some tests done to determine if there are other areas that were injured. At this time it looks like he has a concussion, has a mild traumatic brain injury, M.T.B.I.” 
“Mi hijo, will it take long to get the results of these tests?” asks Tio Jorge. He observes Alex.
“Tios, I will return to advise you as soon as I get the information,” says Alex. “Tony will be moved to a room in a few minutes.”
“Si, mi hijo,” says Tia Lupe. She turns to looks at her niño. The nurses return to take Tony to a room. His padres and primo (cousin) follow.
Chapter Twenty-One

Veronica walks into Tony’s room. She stops in shock. Tears gather in her eyes. She takes slow steps. Who in the hell did this to my hermano? Look at Tony’s handsome face. It’s swollen and ugly with black purple bruises, muses Vero. “Dios mio, hermano,” says Vero, sobbing. She goes to him. 
“He looks bad,” says Jose Enrique. He looks at his primo (cousin) with tears in his eyes. “If he doesn’t wake up in the next forty-eight hours it’ll be hard for him to come out of a coma. It’ll be harder for him.” 
“Hermano, Monique went to see Cynthia. Cynthia is trying to escape her padre’s casa. She wants you to know that she loves you. She will be here soon,” says Vero, with soft urgent voice. She notices that Tony’s eyes started to move behind his eye lids. “Si, hermano, you need to wake up. You need to be with Cynthia.” 
Tony starts to move his eyes quickly, as if he’s trying to wake up or move. Jose Enrique feels some relief. There is hope that Tony will wake up. We need to get Cynthia here now, contemplates Jose Enrique. 
“Si, primo (cousin), I promise you that I’ll go get Cynthia for you,” say Jose Enrique. He swallows, attempting to remove the knot in his throat. He takes a deep breath. He wants to take control of his emotions, attempting not to cry with relief. He observes Tony, trying to respond. “I’ll go now, okay?” Tony appears to be struggling to wake up. Jose Enrique turns to look at Vero and smile.
“Prima, I’m leaving to get Cynthia for Tony,” says Jose Enrique. 
“Si, primo (cousin), you do that,” replies Vero, nodding. She closes her eyes and takes a deep breath. Gracias, dios mio, she prays. 
She’s feeling hope and some relief. She smiles, with tears falling down her face. She stands at his side, monitoring his reaction.
Jose Enrique walks quickly out of the hospital. I wonder what will be the best way to get Cynthia out of her casa. I’ll go to her casa now. 

Jose Enrique looks at Señora Lopez. He’s surprised that she’s getting him something to drink. He turns to see Cynthia run down the hall with two huge bags over her shoulders and one in each hand. She puts her finger over her lips, indicating to be quiet. She motions for them to leave the casa. 
Jose Enrique grins and nods. He takes two bags from her. They walk quietly to the door. He escapes with Cynthia. 
They sprint to his car, escaping her casa. Cynthia sighs with relief. She turns to look at Jose Enrique, smiling. “Thanks for coming to get me. It was easier this way. I need to see Tony,” says Cynthia, with urgency. 

Chapter Twenty-Two

A few days later the ER is extremely busy. Thanks, dios mio, that my shift ended. I’m exhausted, thinks Carolina. 
She walks out, loosening up her french braid. She heads towards Alex. He’s anxiously waiting for her. 
Si, finally my Baby is out. She must be tired because she always waits till we get home to let her hair loose, thinks Alex.
Alex exits the car to walk around and assists her. He opens the door for her. “Baby, you look tired,” says Alex. He takes her elbow, assisting her into the car. He leans down to give her a beso (kiss). 
He quickly returns to his side, sliding inside and turns on the car. He glances at Carolina. She looks exhausted, he thinks.
“Si, Alex, I’m tired and I want to take a shower,” replies Carolina, with a little smile. She leans back into the seat, closing her eyes. 
“Okay, Baby,” says Alex. He drives home. He carefully carries her into the casa.  
Alex takes her to their room. He gives her some beso (kiss) and undresses her. “Baby,” he whispers. Hmmm, she’s asleep. 

The next day Carolina is at work and trying not to listen to the gossip that’s going around in the ER. I just know that they know what’s going on with Alex and me. I see all of the looks and smiles. I’ll ignore them and definitely I won’t tell Alex, muses Carolina.  
I finally have the results of the pregnancy test. Now I know that I’m pregnant. I don’t know what Alex wants or feels about me. Maybe I’m just a sex toy. Maybe I’m not what he wants in a wife. He hasn’t mentioned anything about introducing me to his familia or his primos (cousins). He hasn’t invited me on Fridays to meet them at the club. He never offered to take me with him. The familia also have Sunday dinners and he hasn’t asked me to go. He never talks about a future, contemplates Carolina. 
Hmmm, I do know that he doesn’t have or hasn’t been with another mujer. He’s always real hungry, she thinks. She smiles, thinking about his love making. 
I’ll wait a little while longer and see what he’ll do. I will then ask him what he feels about me and, depending on his answer, I’ll tell him about the bebe. I want his bebe and I will survive if he leaves me. I will live for my bebe, she thinks. 
I can sell the casa and have money in the bank to take care of my bebe. Maybe I can still work part time. I can buy another little casa or condo in another city where nobody would know us. I heard that other cities have more reasonable homes. It’ll be a fresh start. I know I can do this. I have to, because I wouldn’t beg him or force him. He has to want to be with me. My bebe will give me the strength to survive without Alex.  
I’ll always give gracias a dios that the life insurance allowed me to pay off the student loan and now I have a little extra in the bank. It’s a lot more than I ever dreamed. Now I feel a lot better with a plan, she thinks. 
Carolina gets off work and strides to where Alex waits for her. She slides into the car, smiling at him. “Hola, Alex,” she says. 
He’s so handsome. He still makes my heart (heart) beat faster, muses Carolina. 
“Baby, are you okay?” he asks. She looks pale and tired, he thinks. 
“Are you hungry?” I know that she’s pregnant. I already felt my bebe. I need her to eat, muses Alex.
“No, I’m not hungry. I’m just tired,” replies Carolina. She smiles. I wonder why he’s so concerned.
“Carolina, you need to eat some breakfast. You know that breakfast is the most important meal. You need to keep up your health,” says Alex. “I’m getting us some burritos at the drive-thru.”
“Si, Alex, you’re right,” says Carolina, leaning back into the seat.
He takes her to their casa and parks inside the garage. He takes her to the bed and feeds her some of the burrito and her prenatal pill. 
Carolina turns to kiss Alex, wanting his amor. Alex loves her slowly and tries not to get her exhausted. Hmm, she does look tired. He hugs her close. 
He lies in bed, thinking about what he feels for her. Do I feel that she’s the one? The primos (cousins) say that you just know. They say that the feelings are incredible. Are they talking about sex? I have never felt this connection or feelings for any other mujer. Carolina makes me burn for her all the time and I just can’t get enough. I also know that she’s pregnant. I never did anything to prevent it. 
Did I unconsciously know that she’s the one? I haven’t been able to be with any other mujer. I have meet lots of chicas (girls) since knowing Carolina. I can’t even manage to want to kiss them and they now gross me out. 
All I think about is my sweet innocent Carolina and how pure she is. I know I can’t let her go now and I don’t think I can later. I know I just don’t want to. I have kept her from my familia and amigos. I’m not embarrassed of her. No, I’m really proud of her. She’s amazing and incredibly bella. Somehow, I have kept Carolina in the shadows. She has been in my life for a while and it’s not right to keep her in the dark. I haven’t made an effort to introduce her to my familia, thinks Alex. 
I know I want her in my life. I have been with her every day. She’s always sweet and loving. She hasn’t made any type of demands and she sure as hell has every right to. 
I know that she doesn’t know that I’m wealthy and that I don’t really need to work. She loves me and I know it. What’s wrong with me? I need to take care of her and put her on a pedestal. She’s worth so much. She needs to take her place in my life as my esposa (wife). 
Alex hears a noise at the door. Somebody is trying to get in. Que la chengada (what the fuck). I’m taking him down. How dare he come into my baby’s casa? What if I wasn’t here to protect her? What does he want? This is unacceptable, he thinks. He urgently jumps out of bed, pulling on his pants.  
Gracias a dios (thank god) that Christian made us all learn self-defense and to handle a gun. I’m glad that I remembered to bring it from home after the Nacho incident, he thinks. He quickly, silently, and calmly reaches for his gun. The gun he had placed on top of the nightstand. 
He went out into the living room and waits for the guey to come inside. 
The intruder breaks the lock and walks inside. He closes the door and looks around. 
Alex’s blood boils with rage. His sees red, with intense anger he knocks the intruder out. 
Alex turns on the lights and pulls off the black ski mask. “Who in the hell are you, guey (jerk), and what are you doing breaking into our home,” demands Alex. He pulls the guey by his hair.
“Let me go, carbrone (asshole),” says the guey. He looks around. “Donde esta (where is she)?” the intruder appears to be on drugs.
“Guey, what do you want and why are you breaking in?” asks Alex. He pulls the intruder up by his shirt, ready to beat the hell out of him.
“I just wanted some of that fine piece of ass,” he says. He’s smirks, glaring at Alex. 
“I didn’t know that she has a lover. I’ve been watching her for a long time. I know that all the gueys in the neighborhood want her. Nacho holds them back. He always monitors the casa. Tonight, I really couldn’t resist the urge to taste her. Nacho had to take care of his Mama. Damn this was my lucky night, I thought,” He leers, as he licks his lips. 
Alex loses control. He’s enraged with the crude comments and intentions. “Idiota, you’re talking about my mujer,” says Alex.
Furiously, he clinches his jaw and throws several hard fast punches onto the imbecile’s face. Alex isn’t satisfied until he has him all bloody with a broken nose and his eyes swollen. What a piece of shit, he thinks, as he gives him a few kicks in the stomach. 
Alex steps back when he realizes that the guey (jerk) blacked out. Fucking hell, I can kill this guey, he thinks. I need to call the police before I do. 
The police department responds quickly to the call. The noise and voices immediately wake Carolina. 
I wonder what’s happening, thinks Carolina. She pulls on some sweats. She quickly strides into the living room. She walks towards Alex. 
Alex hugs her close to his side. He gives her a quick beso (kiss). She looks so tired and vulnerable. I really need to get her out of this casa. Es mi mujer (she’s my woman) and it’s time that I step up to the plate. If I hadn’t been here, my Baby would have been hurt. It would have been my fault for not taking action, he thinks angrily. 
“Dr. De La Cruz, we’re done taking our statements, prints, and evidence. Do you want to press charges?” asks the police officer. He looks at Alex hug Carolina close.
“Yes, I want him in jail. He’s a danger to society. He broke in with every intention of trying to harm my wife,” he says angrily. 
He looks at the guey being thrown into the police car. “If I hadn’t been here he would have hurt her,” says Alex. He glares at the guey.
“We understand and we’re totally in agreement,” says the police officer. He looks at Carolina. Even if she’s all covered up in her big sweats, you can see that she’s gorgeous. No wonder the bastard wanted her, thinks the officer.
“We highly recommend that you get some security installed in the house and some stronger doors,” says the Police officer. He turns to inspect the door locks. “And some locks.”
“Well, we’ll not be here any longer. We’ll be moving. I’m not risking that bastard or any other bastard trying to get to my wife,” says Alex. He furiously clenches his jaw.
Carolina is sleepy and barely registers what Alex is saying. Hmmm, could he be serious. Does he really want me in his life?
Carolina bites her lip, trying not to smile and turns into his embrace. She feels him hug her tighter. 
Hmmm, I’m so lucky that he’s here and has been here from the first day. Maybe Alex is just a little slow in recognizing his feelings. I love him so much and now I know that I’m pregnant. I’m having his bebe, thinks Carolina.
“We understand, Dr. De La Cruz,” says the Police Officer, ready to take the bastard in. They walk out to drive to the police department.
“Baby, let me follow him out,” says Alex. He walks away from Carolina, following the officers outside. 
Carolina nods and walks into the bedroom. I’m so happy that Alex is finally recognizing his feelings for me, she thinks. 

Alex stands at the door, looking at the officer enter the police car. 
Damn it all to hell, that’s Nacho standing across the street, thinks Alex. What the hell does he want? Carolina is mia, only mia. 
Alex walks towards Nacho, glaring at him. “What in the hell are you doing here?” barks Alex with rage. “Stay away from my mujer.” 
“Si, guey, I know that Carolina is tu mujer now. I’m watching you guey. I’m waiting for you to leave her because I’m going to marry her. She’s always been my amor,” says Nacho. “I’m happy that you were here to protect her from that bastardo.”
“Idiota, I’m not leaving Carolina. Guey, I’m marrying her today! Stay away from her! She’s mia, mi mujer!” growls Alex. “I won’t tolerate you getting close to her. I’m taking her away from this hell hole!”
Nacho glares at Alex, feeling relieved and destroyed with the news of their marriage.
Alex turns and walks back to the casa. He closes and locks the door. Then he barricades the door. I’m not risking some other bastardos wanting to come into my casa, fumes Alex. 
Alex turns to look at Carolina walk out of the bedroom. She walks towards him. He smiles, wrapping his arms around her.
“Baby, I want you to marry me. Will you marry me?” he asks. He gazes into her huge green eyes with all of his amor.
Carolina’s eyes water and tears roll down her beautiful face. She quickly blinks the tears away and smiles. “Si, mi vida,” she says. She hugs him tight, burying her face into his chest. 
“Baby, you make me very happy. I want to go to Vegas now,” says Alex. He hugs her close and gives her hungry hot beso (kiss). 
After a few moments, he pulls back and gazes into her beautiful eyes. “We can marry by the church ceremony as soon as the priest gives us a date.” 
“That would be great,” says Carolina, nodding. I can’t believe that Alex wants to marry me and so quickly. I’m in heaven. “I’m off today and tomorrow.” 
“Si, Baby, I know. I’m going to call to get some days off,” says Alex. He looks at his watch. It’s a little early but maybe he’ll answer. My director is always there early.
Alex calls and requests the next ten work days off. I want to spend more time with my Baby, he thinks.  
Carolina hears him and can’t believe the amount of time that he’s requesting off. Is he really planning on spending that much time with me? I need to pack some outfits. Mi vida loves me.
Alex looks up and sees that she’s packing her best outfits. She really doesn’t need to. I need to get the hotel that my primos (cousins) used. 
I’ll call my primo (cousin) Ricky, he thinks, smiling. I just can’t wait to hear his surprise. I would pay lots of money to see his face. 
Alex calls Ricky. “Primo (cousin), how you doing” he asks, smiling. He watches Carolina pack her bag.
“Primo (cousin), I’m feeling much better. The ribs don’t hurt so much,” replies Ricky. 
“Primo (cousin), I need you to give me the name of the Hotel you used in Vegas,” says Alex, watching Carolina. I just love watching her and loving her. 
“Primo (cousin), you’re shitting me!” says Ricky, surprised. I don’t remember if Alex ever mentioned any mujer. “Quien es (Who is it)?”
“Primo (cousin), you don’t know my Baby,” says Alex, laughing. “I never introduced her to the familia (family).” 
“Primo (cousin), you’re serious?” asks Ricky, gazing into Jacki’s eyes. “We went to the Paris Hotel and you need to call to make arrangements with the concierge Mary Jones. She’ll make all of the arrangements. Everything will be ready for when you arrive,” says Ricky.  
“She can have the gowns, lingerie, wedding rings, clothes, and crowns ready. Everything you will need will be ready for you to select. It’s awesome how well she puts everything together,” says Ricky, smiling.
“Si, primo (cousin), I’ll call right now. I’ll be there this morning. Primo (cousin), don’t tell anybody. I want to surprise my padres,” says Alex, smiling at Carolina.
“Si, primo (cousin), and congratulations,” says Ricky. He looks at Jacki. “Be careful on your drive up.”
“Si, primo (cousin), and gracias,” says Alex. He observes Carolina dress. Hmm, I love watching my Baby dress, he thinks. He sits on the bed to watch her.
Alex pulls her into his arms before she pulls on the dress. “Baby, I want you,” he says. He kisses her quickly, pulling off her bra and grasping her beautiful breasts. 
Hmmm, they feel larger. I wonder when she’s going to tell me about the bebe, he thinks. 
He nibbles tenderly her delicious nipple. Moaning, he softly sucks the nipple into his mouth, twirling his tongue around. 
My bebe would be sucking from these delicious nipples, he thinks. He shaft is hard and aching for her.  
“Baby, you taste delicious,” he says, going to the other nipple. He devours her breasts. I’m going crazy with need, he thinks. 
He pushes her onto the bed and pushes off his pants. He then pulls off her panties, going to her sweet heart for a quick taste. 
“Hmmm, Baby,” he says. I love to taste her hot and silky flesh, thinks Alex. 
He sucks her sensitive nub into his hot mouth, causing her to release her sweet honey, hearing her as she yells his name.
“Alex, I need you inside,” she says, with desperation. She pulls him up and takes his hot, hard shaft into her. 
“I want you fast,” she demands, making him heady with pasión. 
He takes her faster and harder, as they reach heaven together. He kisses her deeply, devouring her mouth, wanting more and more. 
“Baby, you drive me insane with your taste and smell,” says Alex, hugging her close. 
“Alex, I feel the same when you’re near me,” says Carolina. She’s happy that he loves her. 
“Hmm, I need to call the hotel and make arrangements for our wedding. You get dressed while I call,” he says, smiling.  
Carolina goes to take another shower. 
“Thank you for calling Paris Hotel. Mike speaking. How I may I assist you?” asks the hotel clerk.
“I want to reserve the Bridal suite for today. I should be arriving around eleven this morning,” says Alex. 
“Yes, we do have the Bridal Suite available. Would you like to reserve it?” asks the clerk.
“Yes, I would like to reserve the Bridal Suite for today and Friday,” says Alex, smiling.
“May I get your information,” asks the clerk. He waits for the information, ready to enter it.
“Yes, this is Dr. Alejandro Andres De La Cruz,” says Alex. He smiles, watching Carolina get dressed again. 
Hmmm, I better turn around because I will take her again, he thinks, adjusting his shaft.
“Your reservations are complete. May I assist you with anything else,” asks the clerk. He waits for the request for the Mary, the concierge. Hmmm, this family must have lots of money to come on a whim and get married.
“Yes, I need to speak to the Mary Jones, the concierge,” says Alex. He stands to adjust his shaft again. 
“Okay, Dr. De La Cruz, it’s a pleasure,” says Mike, smiling. Yeah I just knew it another one getting married. I wonder how many are left, thinks the clerk, amused.
“Thank you for calling the Paris concierge. Mary Jones speaking. How I may assist you?” says Mary. 
“Hi, Mary, this is Dr. Alejandro Andres De La Cruz. My cousins highly recommended your services. I would like you to prepare everything that you did for my cousin’s weddings. I need to have several bridal gowns, crowns, wedding ring sets, lingerie, clothes, everything that my bride will need,” says Alex, smiling at Carolina.
“Yes, Dr. De La Cruz, that won’t be a problem. What type of flowers do you have in mind for the wedding chapel,” asks Mary, waiting for his reply.
“Please, give me a minute,” says Alex. He turns to Carolina. “Baby, do you have a favorite flower or color for the wedding chapel?”
“Oh, Alex, I would love soft pink rosas with lots of baby breaths,” says Carolina, smiling happily. 
Alex can’t resist her and gives her a beso (kiss), smiling. “Mary, my bride would like soft pink roses with lots of baby breaths,” says Alex, smiling. 
“Okay, Dr. De La Cruz. Do you know when you will be arriving?” asks Mary. She’s already looking at her file to make all of the calls. I wonder how many more cousins are available, she thinks.
“Mary, we’ll be arriving this morning around eleven and I have reserved the bridal suite,” says Alex. “I also want the video and photographer ready.” 
“Yes, Dr. De La Cruz. I’ll make the same arrangements that I did for all of your family. I’ll be awaiting your arrival,” says Mary, grinning. I wonder if he’s as handsome as the other cousins. Hmmm, what lucky girls! she thinks.
“Thank you,” says Alex, ending the call. “Baby, I’m taking a shower.” He strides to the bathroom to take a quick shower. 
“Okay, I’m almost ready, Alex,” replies Carolina. 
Good thing that I thought of keeping several clean changes of clothes here with my Baby. “Okay, are you ready?” asks Alex. 
He walks out of the bathroom shaved and showered. He pulls on his clean jeans. No underwear available so I’ll go commando. Hmmm, this feels good, he thinks.
He pulls his jeans up and turns to see that Carolina is licking her lips, making him groan. 
“Baby, no, please. You can’t do that. Look how you get me,” he winces, trying to close his jeans, watching as Carolina walks towards him. 
She takes his shaft into her mouth. She softly sucks and nibbles his crown, making him moan. “Oh, Baby.” 
Hmmm, he tastes so good. I couldn’t help it when I saw him put on his jeans. He looked so sexy and delicious that my mouth watered, she thinks.
“Alex, you shouldn’t be so sexy and delicious,” she says, stroking him. She loves him, causing him to moan his release. 
Alex stands there and watches her drain every last drop, sating his need. “Baby,” he says, pulling her up and kissing her. He feels her wrap her arms around his neck, pulling him closer.
“Baby, we need to stop or we’ll never get to Vegas,” he says. He kisses her deeper and pulls her closer. Hmmm, this is so good but we need to leave. 
With all of the remaining will power he has, he pulls back, grinning. “Baby, we need to leave.”
“Yes, Alex,” replies Carolina. She steps back before she’s tempted to love him some more. “My bag is ready and I have my birth certificate and license.”
“Great, now we need to leave,” says Alex. He forces himself to walk out into the garage, pulling her into his arms again. 
Chapter Twenty-Three

Alex drives just a little above the speed limit and manages to arrive at eleven. 
They walk into the hotel and check in. The bellboy takes them to the Bridal Suite. The hotel clerk calls Mary to advise her of their arrival. 
Alex has Carolina close at his side, not wanting to let her go. She’s mia, only mia, he thinks. He’s full of happiness. “Baby.” He pulls Carolina closer for a beso (kiss). 
They arrive at their Bridal suite and walk into an amazing suite. Carolina walks over to look out the windows, while Alex tips the bellboy. 
Alex walks over to Carolina and hugs her, looking out the window with her. He nibbles her ear, feeling her shudder. Hmmm, will I ever be sated? 
There’s a knock on the door and Alex goes to see if it is the concierge. 
“Dr. De La Cruz, I’m Mary Jones, your concierge. I have everything ready for your selections. I also have a hairdresser and maid to assist your bride, if she so desires,” says Mary, smiling. 
Yep, just like I thought! This one is just as handsome as all the other De La Cruz’s. The bride is exquisite. I wonder where they find them, ponders Mary.
“Thank you, Mary. This is my bride, Carolina Reyes,” says Alex. He pulls Carolina right next to his side. “Baby, Mary wants to know if you will need a hair dresser and maid to assist you,” he asks.
“Alex, I think so. I really don’t know what to do with my hair,” says Carolina, blushing.
“Okay, Mary, we need to have the hairdresser and maids assist my bride,” says Alex. He smiles, flashing his dimples.
“Yes, Dr. De La Cruz. I also need to have your measurements taken for your tuxedo. Ms. Reyes, the gowns are right in the sitting room for your selection,” says Mary, walking away to make her calls. 
Carolina looks at Alex and feels a little lost. Hmmm, do I just select any one I want? How about the cost? 
Alex can see that she’s worried about the cost, and smiles. “Baby, go and select your favorite gown,” he says. He gives her a beso (kiss). He then takes her hand and leads her to the gowns. The gowns are displayed all over the room. 
“I’ll be looking over the wedding rings,” he says, walking towards the rings. 
Hmm, I want the biggest and most beautiful rings for my Baby, he thinks. He searches for the rings that sparkle the most. 
Hmm, this one looks awesome! I wonder if she’ll like it. It also has a matching wedding band. I’ll put these aside and see if she likes another set better. 
Alex stands back and observes Carolina run her hands over one particular gown. The gown is white with silver treads with lots of crystal. It is strapless and fitted to the waist, tying in the back. 
It’s beautiful and I know she will look beautiful. Hmmm, look at all of this lingerie! This one matches the gown! thinks Alex, happily. 
Alex picks up the matching lingerie and walks went over to Carolina. He sets the matching lingerie next to the gown. “Baby, why don’t you try it on and if you like the gown, we will get if for you,” he says. 
He takes her into his arms, gazing at the other gowns. Hmmm, this one would be the one for her, thinks Alex. I hope she selects this one. 
“Dr. De La Cruz, the maid and hairdresser have arrived. Has Ms. Reyes made her selection?” asks Mary. She smiles, seeing how in love they are. 
The best thing of all of these weddings is the love that shines from the bride and groom. This makes it even more a pleasurable to assist them in their wedding, ponders Mary.
“Baby, please go and try this gown on,” says Alex. He loves to see her beautiful face, full of pleasure. 
“Okay, Alex, but I would love to take a quick shower first,” says Carolina. She smiles and walks to the huge bathroom. 
“Mary, I want you to get us a bag to put all of her new clothes in. I’m going to have her select some clothing and lingerie. I see that you also have some shoes, good,” says Alex. He looks at the crowns and selects one that matches the gown. 
“Dr. De La Cruz, that’s an excellent choice and it matches the gown,” says Mary, smiling. He certainly has excellent taste, thinks Mary, nodding. 
There’s another knock at the door and Mary answers it, bringing a clerk into the room to take Alex’s measurements for his tuxedo.  
“Your Tuxedo will be ready in thirty minutes. The chapel, video, and photographer are ready,” says Mary. She’s pleased that they’re on schedule. 
“Excellent,” says Alex, smiling. He can see through the slight opening of the bedroom doors that Carolina is wrapped in a white fluffy robe. 
“Baby, I have a crown that looks like it would match the gown,” he says. He walks over to show her.
“Si, Alex, it’s truly beautiful,” says Carolina, smiling. She turns to look at the maid. “I will put the lingerie on first and then the gown.” 
“Baby, I’ll be waiting in living room,” says Alex. He strides out of the room, to allow Carolina some privacy to change in peace. 
The maids assist Carolina into the gown. Carolina stands back, grinning. This is the most beautiful dress I have ever seen. I never dreamed that I would have such a beautiful wedding gown, muses Carolina. 
The maid smiles and nods her head. She really is a most beautiful bride. The dress is perfect on her, thinks the maid. 
“Ms. Reyes, the dress looks beautiful on you,” says the maid, nodding. “Would you like to put the crown on?”
“Please,” replies Carolina, breathlessly. She watches as the maid sets the crown on her head. Wow, this is absolutely beautiful.
“Yes, this is the one,” she says, looking at the maid. “Can you, please, get the hairdresser?”
“Of course,” replies the maid, going to get the hairdresser. 
The hairdresser quickly puts her hair in an upsweep with lots of tendrils around her face. The crown and the veil look beautiful. 
Now I’m ready, thinks Carolina, swaying in front of the mirror. A few minutes later, she walks out the room. She slowly walks into the living room, waiting for Alex to turn around. 
“Alex, I’m ready,” says Carolina, blushing. She gazes at Alex. 
She observes his surprise and delight. I love that his beautiful green eyes shine. I’m pleased that he likes my wedding gown. Oh, dios mio, I’m so happy, beams Carolina, happily.
Alex turns and he smiles. He strides quickly over to Carolina. 
“Baby, you look like a reina (queen), mi reina,” he says. He leans down to give her a beso (kiss) on her soft, pink cheek.
I don’t want to ruin her makeup. She looks incredible. 
He takes her hand and leads her to the wedding rings. “Baby, I want you to select our wedding rings. You can select any one you like,” says Alex. 
Alex wraps his arms around her small waist, looking over her shoulder. He watches closely, to see if she likes one. 
“Alex, they’re all so beautiful. I don’t know which one to select. I would love for you to pick our wedding rings,” says Carolina, blushing. She smiles up at Alex. 
I will love any set that he selects. All of the rings are beautiful, thinks Carolina. 
“Baby, I really like these,” he says. He picks up the ones that he has set aside. He then slides the huge, round, diamond engagement ring on her finger.
Carolina blinks and looks at the rings, with tears in her eyes. I never thought he would select the biggest set. They are just beautiful. “Mi vida (life), they’re beautiful!” she says with a smile, blinking her tears away, trying not to ruin her make up.
“I’m glad that you like them,” says Alex, looking at Mary with a raised eyebrow, wondering where his Tux is. 
“Baby, I want you to select all the outfits and shoes that you like while we wait for my Tux,” he says, looking at Mary. He leans down to whisper to Carolina.
“Baby, please select some of this sexy lingerie,” he whispers. 
Carolina shudders from his nearness, and his breath on her neck.
“Okay, Alex,” replies Carolina. She walks over to select some outfits, shoes and lingerie. Hmmm, all of these clothes are expensive and beautiful. I’ll select only the ones that I really like, she thinks. 
The Tux arrives and Alex strolls into the room to change. When Alex returns Carolina had selected all of the outfits, shoes, and lingerie. The maid was busy packing it away in some new bags. 
Carolina feels like she’s in a fairytale. She’s feeling a little dizzy from all the events. Hmmm, I need to sit down before I faint, she thinks.
Alex notices how pale Carolina looks. Dios mio, she appears ready to faint. Hmmm, I’m such an idiot. My Baby needs to eat to keep her strength. The bebe (baby) is taking all of her energy. I need to have some food ready for after the ceremony and dinner. 
He quickly walks over to Carolina, to assist her. He sits her down on the dining room chair. “Baby, how are you feeling? Do you feel well?” he asks. 
He looks over at Mary. “I want you to order some lunch for after the wedding and our dinner to be served at 4:00. I want a tray of fruits, a tray of veggies, and a tray of pastries,” requests Alex, turning to Carolina. He gives her some water to drink. He then hands her a cracker from the snack bar. 
“Yes, Dr. De La Cruz. I’ll place the order,” says Mary. She walks away to make the call. He truly loves his bride. All of the De La Cruz’s are really in love with their brides, thinks Mary.
“Baby, you need to drink some water and munch on these crackers,” says Alex. 
He takes her pulse. Hmmm, she’s okay. I think it is just the missed meal. He gives her some more water, looking into her beautiful eyes. His eyes shine with all of the amor that he feels for her. 
To think that I was such an idiot and that I almost let her go. That was plain stupidity on my part. I didn’t realize my heart loves her, that her alma seared to mine, and she’s my entire world, ponders Alex. 
“Alex, I feel better,” says Carolina, blushing. I wonder if he knows that I’m pregnant. Is it the reason that he wants to marry. He’s a doctor and it would be stupid of me to think that he doesn’t know, muses Carolina. 
“Okay, are you ready to get married?” he asks. He grins, flashing his dimples. He restrains the urge to kiss her. 
“Si, Alex,” says Carolina. He looks so handsome in the tuxedo. 
Alex stands, taking her hand in his. “Mary, we’re ready,” he says. He waits for Mary to escort them to the wedding chapel. 
When they arrive, Carolina gasps with pleasure. It’s so beautiful and romantic. The wedding chapel has beautiful pillars, which have white soft veil and soft pink rosas with lots of baby breath all around the pillars and down the aisle. 
The ceiling is painted with a beautiful sky with clouds and the colors of a beautiful sunset. The entire wedding chapel is awesome and romantic. 
Alex observes Carolina’s beautiful face. I’m pleased with the entire wedding. She looks like my reina (queen) and now I know why Ricky calls his esposa my reina. Carolina is my Baby and reina, thinks Alex. He grins walking towards the minister. 
The wedding ceremony takes a few minutes and Alex slides the wedding band on Carolina’s hand. He watches her tears roll down her cheeks. 
Carolina slides Alex’s wedding band on his hand. She smiles, with tears rolling down her cheeks. Her eyes mirror the intense emotions that she’s feeling. She smiles with her entire heart and amor (love) displayed to the world.
It is time to kiss the bride and Alex takes full advantage, not wanting to stop. 
The photographer and video continues to roll. Alex reluctantly pulls back, grinning. 
The photographer takes many photos in the garden, and in the chapel. 
Soon, Alex walks Carolina back to the suite “Baby, I’ll help you get out of your gown. We want Mary to pack it away so you can wear it in our church ceremony,” says Alex.  
They stride into the room. Alex is willing to assist her out of the gown. He feels immense pleasure undressing Carolina and loving every minute. 
“Baby, you look scrumptious in your garter belt and hose,” he says. He urgently pulls her into his arms, kissing the top swells of her beautiful breasts and moaning with need. 
“Alex, Mary is waiting. Let’s hurry so we can be by ourselves,” she says, smiling at Alex 
“Okay, Baby,” replies Alex. He tries to focus on undressing her. He takes the gown, lingerie, and accessories to Mary. 
“Dr. De La Cruz, what time will you be leaving tomorrow?” asks Mary.
“Mary, we’ll be leaving at checkout time on Saturday. We are staying tonight and Friday night,” says Alex, smiling.
“I would like you to send up some breakfast at about seven on Friday and Saturday. I want the tab closed out on Saturday morning. I would like to request that you see if there are any good concerts or shows for Friday night. I would love to take my wife out for the evening.” 
“I’ll look into it,” replies Mary, liking Alex. “I’ll send you the information, along with your dinner so you can make a selection.” 
“That sounds like an excellent plan,” he says, smiling, mesmerizing Mary. 
Mary walks out into the hall in a daze. By far, this De La Cruz has the most charm and he’s so sexy, thinks Mary.

Chapter Twenty-Four

Alex looks at the lunch plates on the table. I think that it’s best that I make sure that Carolina has a decent meal. She needs to eat healthy, he thinks, walking into the room. 
He stops as he sees that she has fallen asleep. Hmmm, she’s tired from all of the activities. I’ll let her rest and then she can have a meal. 
He takes out his stethoscope and listens to his bebe. Ahh, he has a strong heart. He sits listening to the heartbeat for a little while. 
“Si, my bebe, I’m here for you and your mama. I love you both with todo mi alma (all of my soul),” he whispers. He doesn’t want to wake Carolina up.
It’s going to be amazing hearing and monitoring his growth. I’m so happy and now I understand what my primos (cousins) were all talking about. I’m such an idiot, he muses. 
I was the first one to meet my alma gemela, the one. I’m one of the last one to truly understand, recognize, and appreciate my luck. 
I had all the symptoms that my primos (cousins) mentioned. I want to love her like crazy. I’m such an idiot. The only right thing I did was be with her every day, he ponders.
Alex stands and quickly undresses. I’m going to take a nap with my Baby. He hugs her close. 
Carolina wakes up and smiles. She looks right into Alex’s beautiful green eyes. “Alex, I love you with todo mi alma (my entire soul),” says Carolina, pulling him down for a beso (kiss). 
Alex pulls her closer wanting to love her. But I need to feed her and my bebe, he thinks. He pulls back. “Baby, I think we should eat first and then I have all the time in the world to love you,” he says, kissing her once more. 
Alex jumps out of bed. He turns and picks her up into arms. He then walks out of the room, into the dining area.  
He doesn’t bother with clothes. He sits down, with her on his lap to feed her some food. “Baby, this looks good,” he says, giving her some baby carrots. 
“Hmmm, Alex, it is good,” she says. She grins and takes the fork to feed him some food. 
She watches as he chews. She then gives him a beso (kiss), nibbling his lips and making him groan. “Baby, no teasing,” he says. He feeds her some more food, enjoying every single moment. 
“Baby,” he says, giving her a strawberry dipped in whipped cream. He watches her chew and lick her lower lip, making him crave to do the same. 
I can’t resist this, he thinks. He leans down to lick the whipped cream. He kisses her deeply, feeling all of his pasión erupt. 
Hmmm, I need to feed her some more food. Later, I’ll lick the rest of this whip cream from her beautiful body, he ponders.
“Alex,” says Carolina. She feeds him some more food.
“Baby,” replies Alex. He’s making sure that she eats a good portion of the food. After a while, he feels much better and is willing to start to play. She had enough food to satisfy me, he thinks. 
Alex takes some whipped cream. He smears some on her firm breasts, making his mouth water. He slowly licks and sucks the whipped cream, moaning with pleasure. 
I never knew this would be so erotic, he thinks. He stands, taking her to the bed to properly love her.
“Alex,” says Carolina. She pulls him towards her to kiss him. 
I love the taste on his lips from the strawberries and whipped cream, she thinks, moaning in delight. 
“Baby, I need you,” he says. He takes her as he groans with pleasure. He feels every single stroke as her hot honey flows over him. “Baby,” he yells. He feels her alma touch and sear his as they become one. He trembles with his powerful release spurting out into her womb.
Falling over, he pulls her onto his chest. He runs his hand up and down her back, going to grasp her sweet ass. 
“Baby, I love you. You’re the one. You’re my alma gemela,” he says. He gazes into her eyes and sees her tears. 
“I want you to know that I was an idiot not recognizing or acknowledging my amor. I also want you to know that I have only been with you since the very first day. You seared my alma. I never could be attracted to or close to another mujer,” he says, kissing her deeply. 
A few minutes later, Alex pulls away. “Baby, I’m also extremely sorry that, unintentionally, I’ve kept you in the shadows in my life. I didn’t give you your rightful place. I apologize for not introducing you to my familia and there was no reason for it. I just didn’t think about it. I want you to know that I’m real proud of you,” says Alex.
“Alex, you’ve made me extremely happy. I love you,” she says. Carolina hugs and kisses him. I want to tell him about the bebe, she thinks.
Alex breaks the kiss. He gazes into her eyes. “Baby, I need to tell you that you’re pregnant. I’ve known for a long time. I have been waiting to see if you realized this,” he says. He looks at her bella face, smiling.
“Alex, yes I know. I took a pregnancy test that day that you asked me where I went. The last time that you were on ER call. I told you I went to get some food,” say Carolina. She smiles, blushing. “I’m sorry I lied. I didn’t know if I was pregnant. I didn’t know if you even wanted our bebe.” 
“Baby, I knew you were pregnant from the very first time we made love. I wasn’t going to let you go. I never bother taking steps against pregnancy because I knew that I wanted a bebe with you,” he says. 
He nibbles her neck, marking her. He rolls her over onto her back to go to her beautiful breasts. He kisses and sucks her nipples, making her shudder. 
“Baby, I love you and I love our bebe,” he says. He slowing rains soft beso (kiss) as he moves down to her womb. He kisses every inch of her stomach. He talks to the bebe with lots of amor.
“Alex,” she cries out. She trembles with emotion from the intense overwhelming feelings. She closes her eyes. Her tears roll down her cheeks. She’s overjoyed from Alex’s words and actions.  
“Baby, I want you,” he says, taking her slowly. He savors her and kisses her with tenderness and amor. He feels their almas sear together and they reach heaven as one.
They regain their breaths and started to laugh. They talk about their feelings and their dreams. 
“Baby, you what to hear our bebe’s heart beat?” he asks, getting his stethoscope. He inserts the eartips into her ears so she can hear the bebe’s heartbeat. 
He sees her beautiful eyes tear up. Alex takes one eartip off so they can listen to the heartbeat together. Alex starts rubbing her tummy and smiles. 
“Alex, this is awesome and incredible,” she says, hearing her bebe.
“Si, Baby, I want to monitor our bebe’s growth. I want to get an ultra sound,” says Alex, smiling. We have lots of things to do, he thinks. “Baby, we’re a familia.” 
Carolina starts to cry hard when she hears Alex say that they’re a familia. I never dreamed that I would have a familia and such a wonderful hombre (man) in my life. I want to thank you, dios mio (my god), for everything that you’ve given me. Thank you, abuela, for taking care of me from above, she thinks. 
Alex puts the stethoscope away and puts on the robe. “Baby, it’s time to have dinner. We need you to eat for our bebe,” he says, going to get the dinner from the housekeeping. 
Alex wheels the cart into their bedroom and picks up Carolina. He sits her on his lap again. 
I need to feed her, he thinks. He takes food and feeds it to her, with love. 
“Baby, you like this? Do you want me to order something else?” asks Alex. He feeds her some chicken and vegetables. “Baby, do you want to see a movie in our room today and relax?”
“Si, Alex. I’m tired and I need to rest,” she says. She smiles and eats her dinner. Alex enjoys babying her. 
“Okay, we’ll pick out a movie. Baby, I asked Mary to give us a list of shows or concerts for tomorrow. We’ll review the list and select one that you would like to see,” he says. He kisses her before feeding her more food.
Carolina feeds him, making sure that he also eats. I don’t want my Alex to get sick on me. 
They enjoy their evening relaxing. They enjoy watching an action movie and then they fall asleep.
Later in the night, Carolina wakes and starts to love Alex. Hmmm, he’s so yummy and I’m feeling a lot better after sleeping so long, she thinks. 
She kisses and nibbles her way down his neck and all over his awesome chest. She licks every curve and valley of his chest and abs. Hmm, I just love his chest, she thinks. I love to hear him moan. I’m going to taste his nipples. Yes he’s all mio, only mio. It’s official now and I’m not letting him go, ever. 
Alex is awake and is enjoying her lovemaking. He gasps as she takes his hard aching shaft into her mouth, moaning with pleasure. “Baby, that feels good,” he says, right before he reaches his release. 
“Baby,” he moans, as he starts to get hard again. He pulls her up to straddle him, impaling his aching shaft into her hot tight heart, making him wild with need.
I need to taste her breasts, he thinks, nibbling her nipples. He loves one and then the other. He wants to love both. Softly, he sucks each tight bud and tenderly nibbles, feeling her heart clutch him tightly.
“Baby, I need more,” he says, rolling her onto her back. He takes her faster and deeper. He gasps for breath as he tries to survive the powerful release, feeling their almas sear as one. 
He rolls onto his back and holds her close to his rapidly beating heart. I can’t believe how over-powering our love making is. Carolina really makes me lose my control and my sanity. I think I might have a heart attack from making love, he grins. Finally breathing normal, he kisses her. They fall asleep again. 
Before they know it, it is time to leave their love haven. They have enjoyed every moment, loving and spending precious time together. They complement each other and never stop loving.

Saturday morning, Alex and Carolina are getting ready to return home. He gathers their things. Alex turns to watch Carolina select her outfit. 
“Baby, I want you to put on a real nice dress. Today is the church wedding ceremony for my sister and primo (cousin). I want us to go and you’ll meet my familia. Then we’ll go to the reception,” he says. 
He dresses with his new suit. He asked Mary to obtain the suit for him. 
“Oh, Alex, your entire familia would be there?” asks Carolina. 
She looks at the dresses. I need to select the perfect dress to meet Alex’s familia. It is a good thing that Alex bought me all of these beautiful clothes, she thinks.
She selects a beautiful turquoise summer dress with white strappy high heel sandals. Hmmm, all this incredible lingerie, she thinks. She picks one. I know that Alex will love this one.
“Si, Baby, and you’ll enjoy the wedding,” says Alex. He smiles as he sees the bra and thong that she selects. 
Hmmm, I better not look at her dress because we’ll then be late, he thinks. He turns around, grinning. I’m going to go loco thinking about what she’s wearing. 
“Baby, I’m taking you to my casa (home) and we’ll live there until we buy our own casa. I don’t want to leave you alone when I’m at work. Your abuela’s casa is not safe. You’ll be meeting my padres (parents) and familia today,” says Alex. I’m happy now that I have my own familia. “We’ll look for our casa on Monday.”
“Si, Alex, that sounds real exciting,” says Carolina, nodding. She’s not thinking of not working. “Do you want to sell my abuela’s casa so we can use it to buy another casa?” 
“Si, Baby, I want you to sell your abuela’s casa and we’ll buy another casa,” he says, smiling. 
I know that she doesn’t know that I don’t need that money. I’ll just let her put it in investments for our niños, he thinks. 
“Alex, do you think that your familia will like me?” she asks, worried. Maybe they will think I’m not good enough for Alex. He’s so awesome, she thinks.
“Baby, they’ll like you and you want to know why?” he asks, smiling at Carolina. “They will love you because you’re my Baby, my reina, and my esposa (wife).” 
Carolina’s eyes water, full of tears of happiness. “Alex, I’m such a crybaby, lately,” she says, looking at Alex.
“Baby, sometimes a pregnancy makes the mujer very sensitive and emotional. I can live with it,” he smiles. We need to get going, muses Alex.

A few hours later, Alex drives down the off ramp. “We’re almost there,” he says. He glances over to look at his beautiful esposa (wife). She’s so bella and the dress really is beautiful on her, he thinks, possessively. 
Alex stops at the stop light and turns to give her a beso (kiss). The light turns green and he proceeds thru the intersection. 
Out of nowhere, a car runs the red light and crashes full speed on the right side of Alex’s car. The car is pushed over onto the opposite side of the road. The good thing is that there were no cars on that side. Alex’s car rolls over. The car then stops upside down. 
The ambulance attendant pulls Alex out of the car. Alex comes through, dazed. 
He immediately looks for Carolina, yelling out her name. “Carolina! Where is Carolina!” yells Alex, in desperation. 
The paramedics recognize him and immediately attempt to calm him down. “Dr. De La Cruz, you need to remain calm,” says a Paramedic. They don’t know that Carolina is his esposa (wife).
“Where is my esposa (wife),” he yells out. “I need my esposa (wife).”He looks around frantically, trying to see her. 
“Dr. De La Cruz, the young lady in your car has been air lifted to the ER. She received the brunt of the impact and the door caved in. She’s stable but is unconscious,” says the Paramedic. 
He takes Alex’s vitals and starts an IV with pain medication. Alex is knocked out instantly.
“Dr. De La Cruz was real frantic about learning the whereabouts of that cute Physician’s Assistant. Did he really call her his wife? He was asking for his esposa and that means wife in Spanish. I heard lots of gossip lately about them,” says one Paramedic to the other. 
“I don’t know. I didn’t hear him. I hope that the Physician Assistant makes it. She was really hurt,” says the other Paramedic. He shakes his head as they roll Alex onto the ambulance. 
Chapter Twenty-Five

The Paramedics arrive at the hospital and immediately take Alex into the ER. The entire medical staff is concerned for Dr. De La Cruz and the Physician Assistant, Carolina Reyes. The medical staff instantly administers medical attention.
Carolina is taken into the ICU immediately. Everybody is praying for her. They’re sad that she doesn’t have any relatives to call. 
The medical staff speculates about her relationship with Dr. De La Cruz. They have now confirmed that they’re in a relationship. The medical gossip is intense. 

Today is the double wedding for Erica and Gabriel, and Ricky and Jacki. The entire familia is excited and happy for the two couples. 
Erica is extremely happy. She can’t believe that her wedding day has arrived. I’m so happy and my wedding dress is so beautiful, contemplates Erica. 
All of the familia is going to be at the ceremony. Si, this is even better than I have ever dreamed. I think that it is so awesome that it’s going to be a double wedding
“Erica, it’s time to go to the chapel. You don’t want Gabriel to get nervous or scared that you’re not showing,” says Bella, with an evil grin, striding into Erica’s room. Erica and Bella walk into the living room and the entire familia is waiting for them.
“Mi hijo, do you know if Alex is running late,” asks Mama Maria. She fixes Erica’s veil. 
“No mama,” replies Nicolas, turning to look at Christian. 
Christian pulls out his cell to call him. Hmmm, he doesn’t answer. Maybe he’s delayed at work.
“Mama, Alex won’t answer. Maybe he’s at work,” says Christian, looking at his padres (parents). 
“Okay, my hijo, maybe he’ll meet us at the chapel,” replies Papa Jose Arturo. He walks towards Erica. 
“Mi hija, your mama and I are very happy and we know that you’re going to have a wonderful esposo (husband). I know both of you are in love and I know that it’s a true love. Que dios los Bendiga siempre (god bless you always),” says Papa Jose Arturo, giving Erica his bendicion (blessing).
“Gracias (thank you), Papa,” responds Erica, trying not to cry and ruin her makeup, hugging her padre with lots of love. 
Erica turns to her mama and hugs her close. “I love you, mama,” she says.
“It’s time to leave. It’s getting late and Gabriel is calling me,” says Christian, with an evil glint in his eyes. “Erica, I’m telling him that you changed your mind.” 
“Christian, you better not!” screams Erica, getting hysterical. “I’ll get you Christian.”
“Si, Gabriel, we’re on our way,” says Christian, grinning, looking at the relief on his face. “Are you sure you want to marry Erica?” 
“Mama!” yells Erica with frustration, wanting to hit her brother on the head. 
“My hijo,” scolds Mama Maria, shaking her head at Christian. He always torments his sisters.
“Just kidding, Gabriel,” says Christian, laughing. 
The limo is waiting for the wedding party. “Let me help you, my hija,” says her Papa Jose Arturo, happy that his niña is getting married. 
They arrive at the chapel and exit the limo. Gabriel is at the front doors with his familia, waiting. 
The priest meets them outside and asks the wedding party to get ready to start the ceremony. 
The entire familia and guests walk inside the chapel to take their seats. The wedding party takes their positions, to start the wedding procession down the aisle.
The ceremony starts and the priest has wonderful vows for them. The entire familia is very emotional and happy.  
The priest pronounces them husbands and wives and says that the grooms may kiss the brides. 
The familia yells and cheers for the couples. The mariachis start playing a romantic Spanish love song. The entire familia starts to clap, waiting for the wedding party to exit the chapel. 

I wonder where Alex is, ponders Mama Maria, with concern. It’s not like him to miss such an important day. I’m sure that he had requested this day off. 
She turns to look at her esposo and knows that he’s also anxious. This is not right. Gracias dios mio, the wedding is finally over, thinks Mama Maria. She turns to smile. The couples are starting to walk down the aisle.
They walk down the aisle after the married couples and out of the chapel. Mama Maria turns to her esposo when the cell phone starts to ring. 
“Hola (hi),” says Papa Jose Arturo, looking at his esposa with concern.
“Hi, is this Mr. De La Cruz?” asks the Medical Assistant from the hospital. 
“Yes,” replies Papa Jose Arturo, anxious and nervousness. “Who’s calling?”
“Mr. De La Cruz, I’m calling from Valley Medical Hospital in the ER department. I’m sad to inform you that Dr. De La Cruz has been in a car accident and is hurt,” says the Medical Assistant, with some empathy.
“Oh, no, dios mio. We will be there in a few!” yells Papa Jose Arturo, looking at his esposa with anxiety. “Maria, Alex was in a car accident and is in the ER hurt. Maria, we need to leave now, ya pronto (right now)!”
“No!” yells out Mama Maria, in excruciating pain, trying not to faint. “My niño!” 
“Calamate (calm down), Maria,” moans Papa Jose Arturo. His heart feels painfully constricted. “We need to go to Alex.”
“Si,” replies Mama Maria, sitting down on a bench and looking around. “What about the wedding?” They will just have to continue without us. 
“Jose Arturo, please go and tell the familia. Tell them to go on ahead to the reception,” cries Mama Maria, wiping her tears with some tissue.
“Si, mujer (yes, woman),” replies Papa Jose Arturo, striding quickly over to the family. They look so happy and I’m real happy for them. I still need to be with mi hijo Alex, thinks Papa Jose Arturo. 
“Familia, Alex has been in a car accident. He’s in the ER, hurt. Maria and I will be going to him. Please continue with your wedding reception. We’ll keep in contact,” says Papa Jose Arturo, trying to keep the tears at bay.
“Papa,” cries out Erica, striding quickly to her padre’s side with a torn heart. “I want you to go to Alex. We’ll be okay. I’ll tell everybody. We will be there later.” 
“Si, tios, we will be okay. We’ll all be there,” says Ricky, contemplating the familia as they start to learn of the accident. 
“We’re coming with you,” says Christian, looking at Monique and the familia.
“Si, we think that’s a good idea,” agrees Jose Enrique, looking around. “We’ll be showing up later.”
“Si, tio,” says Ricky.
“Okay, mis hijos, try to enjoy your day,” says Papa Jose Arturo, looking at his hermanos. “Take care of our hijos.”
His hermanos nod in agreement. “Si hermano, go to Alex, we will be praying for nuestro hijo (our son),” replies his hermano Francisco, striding over to Jose Arturo to give him a hug.
“Papa, we’ll be there later. Danni and I will be taking care of the guests,” says Nick, giving his mama a hug. “I will pray for my hermano.”
“Gracias, mi hijo,” replies Mama Maria, giving Nick and Danni a hug. 
The familia De La Cruz is devastated with the news of Alex’s car accident. The familia’s emotional state is low. The concern for Alex’s condition is overpowering the party mood.
The wedding dinner is served and the cake is cut. The familia is in no mood to continue with the celebration. The few guests that are present decide to leave early out of respect for the familia.  
The familia quickly return to their home to change their clothing. They all proceed to the hospital. 
A few hours later, the familia is in the waiting room waiting for some information on Alex’s condition. The wedding reception has been cut a little short.

Alex’s padres, Christian and Monique immediately go to the ER in search of Alex. They’re able to go to the room. “Mi hijo,” says Mama Maria, going to inspect Alex’s injuries.
“I’ll see if I can get the doctor to talk to us,” says Christian. He leaves the room in search of the Doctor. 
The Physician’s Assistant is at the desk. He approaches the Physician’s Assistant and asks for the Doctor. 
“Excuse me. I’m Dr. De La Cruz brother. We would like to speak to the doctor attending him,” says Chris. He smiles flashing, his beautiful dimples.
The Physician’s Assistant, Ms. Adkins, looks at how gorgeous Dr. De La Cruz brother is. “Yes, Mr. De La Cruz, I will call him,” she says, smiling. She walks away. Wow, he’s incredibly handsome, she thinks. 
“Dr. Petersen, Dr. De La Cruz family is here in the ER. They’ve requested to speak to you,” says the Physician’s Assistant, Ms. Adkins. 
“I’ll be right there,” says Dr. Petersen, reviewing Alex’s chart. 
“I will inform them,” says the Physician’s Assistant, Ms. Adkins. She returns to the room to advise them that Dr. Petersen will be with them in a few minutes.
Dr. Petersen walks into Dr. De La Cruz’s ER room. Damn it, I don’t have any good news. In fact, its a little sad news that I have to impart to his family, ponders Dr. Petersen. 
“Mr. De La Cruz,” he says. He then realizes that several members are also waiting for the news. “I’m Dr. Petersen and I’ve been attending Dr. De La Cruz. Dr. De La Cruz’s vitals are now stable. He has a mild concussion, several broken ribs, and mild internal trauma to some organs. We believe that he’ll return to consciousness. Dr. De La Cruz is responding to stimuli and he was awake when the paramedics were attending him.” 
“Dr. Petersen, is my son is going to be okay? Will he regain consciousness? Will the internal organs heal?” asks Papa Jose Arturo. He turns to glance at his son.
We need to pray for mi hijo and asks dios to heal him, thinks Papa Jose Arturo. 
“Yes, Mr. De La Cruz, we have every reason to believe that Dr. De La Cruz will regain consciousness when his body is ready,” replies Dr. Petersen, nodding. “We’ll keep Dr. De La Cruz in the ER until he does. Then we will transfer him to a regular room for some additional tests and observation.” 
“Gracias, dios mio (thank you, my god),” cries out Mama Maria. She tenderly strokes Alex’s cheek. “Mi hijo.”
“Thank you, Dr. Petersen,” says Christian. He watches his Padre walk away. He walks to support and comfort his Mama. 
“You’re welcome,” says Dr. Petersen. Dr. Petersen feels lots of compassion for Dr. De La Cruz’s family pain. “Excuse me. I’ll return in a few.”
Christian turns and pulls Monique into his arms. He buries his face in her hair, trying to control his pain and tears.
“Baby, we need to pray. Let’s go to the chapel,” says Monique. She rubs his back. They go to the chapel and pray for Alex’s quick recovery. Monique lights a candle.
Alex’s padres attempt to get him to regain consciousness. They talk to him describing the wedding ceremony and how happy the familia is. They also tell him about his familia’s love and prayers. 
Alex’s padres sit down and wait, with exhaustion. The hours pass slowly. The familia come to check on Alex’s status. 
His padres only go to the casa to shower and change. They don’t want to risk not being there when Alex regains consciousness. 
The entire medical staff is praying for Dr. De La Cruz and for Carolina Reyes. Alex’s padres and familia are ignorant of his marriage. 
Chapter Twenty-Six

Alex wakes up in the hospital and is a little confused. What happened? Why am I here? He looks around and realizes that he’s the patient. Where is Carolina? He panics and rings for the nurse. 
The nurse quickly enters the room and immediately sees how frantic he is. She quickly calls for the Doctor.
“Dr. De La Cruz, you need to calm down,” she says, taking his vitals. 
“Where is Carolina?” he asks, in desperation. He looks at the nurse. 
He recognizes her as one of the few friends that Carolina has in the hospital. “You’re Carolina’s friend, Rosie. Tell me where she is,” he demands, with anguish.
“I can’t tell you. You’re not a relative,” replies Rosie, with regret in her eyes. This enrages Alex. 
“Ms. Sanchez, Carolina is my wife,” he says, enraged. He clenches his jaw, looking at the nurse. 
His buddy, Dr. Eric Smith, enters the room to see what the commotion is about. “Alex, calm down,” says Eric, looking at his friend. 
“What’s up?” wondering what’s causing Alex to be so aggressive. 
“Eric, where’s Carolina,” he asks, with desperation. “I need to see her! I need to be with her!” 
“Alex, I can’t allow you to see her. She’s in ICU and only relatives can see her. She has no relatives,” says Eric. 
I know that something is going on with them but don’t know exactly what. I only heard lots of rumors. I don’t blame Alex. She’s real cute and sexy, thinks Dr. Eric Smith.
“Eric, I want you to take me to her right now,” demands Alex. He’s not thinking straight and is attempting to get up, in desperation. 
Eric gently pushes him back onto the bed. “Alex, calm down. You’re hurt. You have several broken ribs, some internal trauma, and you have been unconscious for two days. Alex, you need to rest,” he says. He looks at the nurse to give him some more pain medication.
“Eric, Carolina is my wife! She’s expecting our baby! I need to see her!” yells Alex, with frustration. 
He’s anxious to get to her. He attempts again to get off the bed. Alex holds his side, trying to keep the ribs from moving.
Eric looks at him and then glances at his hand. I see the wedding band. Hmmm, did they get married? “Alex did you two get married?” he asks, looking at Alex with curiosity.
“Eric, we got married on Thurs in Vegas. We were returning and going to my family,” says Alex. He feels the pain at his side. I don’t care. I need to see Carolina, he thinks, clenching his teeth from the pain. 
“Alex, Carolina is really hurt. She’s in ICU. The baby is doing well, but Carolina is unconscious. She’s not responding to any stimuli,” says Eric. He feels pain in his heart, imparting this sad news to Alex. It looks like they’re really in love, he muses.
“Eric, I need you to take me to her now!” demands Alex. With urgency, he tries standing. 
“Don’t you understand? I need to be near her!” yells Alex, trying to walk out.
“Okay, Alex. I’ll take you to her, but I need you to calm down,” says Eric. He walks out to get the wheel chair for his friend. 
The medical staff is standing around, feeling sad and full of compassion for Dr. De La Cruz. They hear Alex scream out that they have gotten married. 
“Alex, you have to be strong. You’ve been in the hospital for two days now. Your parents and family have been here all night and all day. They didn’t know that you had gotten married. Nobody knew,” says Eric. He tries to warn Alex about Carolina’s serious condition.
Alex is processing the medical status. He’s immediately scared for Carolina and his bebe. No dios mio (my god), por favor (please), let them live. Tears start to fall down his face. 
Eric wheels Alex into Carolina’s room. He leaves him alone to give him some privacy. 
“My Baby, I need you to please wake up,” begs Alex. “I need you by my side.”
Alex reaches out to hold her hand and kisses it. Her wedding rings are still on her hand. How can these fools not see our wedding bands? 
Alex starts to cry, excruciating cries. The pain is intense in his heart. How can I lose her when we’re just starting our life, our familia? 
Dios mio (my god), she’s so pure and innocent. Please don’t take her from me. “Baby, wake up for me. Please, I love you,” cries Alex. He holds on to her hand, kissing it. 
Alex doesn’t know how long he sits, praying and crying. I need to listen to my bebe’s heartbeat, he thinks. Frantically, he calls for the nurse.
The ICU Nurse runs into the room wondering what‘s happening. “Dr. De La Cruz,” says the nurse, checking Carolina’s vitals.
“Please, let me use your stethoscope. I need to hear my baby’s heart beat,” supplicates Alex. The tears in his eyes threaten to spill.
The nurse feels an over whelming compassion and hands him her stethoscope. I’ve heard that they had just gotten married. It looks like they are very much in love, muses the Nurse.
“Thank you,” says Alex. He immediately listens to his bebe’s heartbeat. He cries with joy that it’s strong like always. 
Alex turns and smiles at the nurse, returning the stethoscope. “Thank you.” 
The nurse nods her head. She’s almost crying in compassion upon witnessing how much he loves Carolina and the baby. 
Alex is tired and hurting, but doesn’t want to leave his esposa. He waits until the attending Doctor shows up. Alex has heard that he’s the best in his field.
“Dr. De La Cruz,” says Doctor Williams. He looks at how bad Alex looks. “You need to rest and get well for your wife.”
“Yes I do, but I also need to be by her side,” replies Alex, through clenched teeth. “Please tell me her medical status. I also need to know about my baby.”
“Yes, of course. It’s been two days since the accident. Your wife was air lifted and brought in. Her vitals are good and the baby is strong. Mrs. De La Cruz has not responded to any stimuli. She received a hard impact to her temple in the accident. She has a small hairline skull fracture and you know what it means. She has Moderate to Severe Traumatic Brain injury, TBI. This is an extremely serious injury. Your wife can remain unconscious for days or even weeks before responding to stimuli. Dr. De La Cruz, you know that we have to remain positive,” says Dr. Williams. He looks at Alex, with compassion. “We feel it was best to put her in the ICU because of the pregnancy. We want to make sure that the baby is monitored.”
“I needed to be near her. I told the paramedics,” says Alex, angrily. “I could’ve talked to her from the beginning. Maybe she can hear me.”
“We know that it would only help if you remain close to her,” says Dr. Williams, nodding.
“Thank you,” says Alex. He attempts to stand from the wheel chair to get closer to Carolina. 
Dr. Williams assists Alex. He then excuses himself, wanting to give Alex some privacy. 
Alex puts his head down, kissing her hand and then gently kissing her lips. Alex is crying and praying. 
Dios mio, I beg you to please save my baby and my bebe. Por favor (please), dios mio, take me instead, supplicates Alex. He cries agonizing cries, making everybody in the hospital sad. 
Alex leans in close and whispers in Carolina ear. “Baby, I love you. I need you. The bebe needs you. The bebe needs you to take care of him,” says Alex. He observes her smile and her eyes move. “Please, Carolina, come back to me and the bebe” 
Alex sees that she does hear him and is responding. Oh Dios mio, she’s responding and she just needs to wake up. “Baby, I love you. I want you to meet my familia,” whispers Alex. He continues to talk to Carolina.
“Baby, wake up, we need to buy our casa. I want you to pick the crib and color for our bebe’s nursery room,” says Alex. He’s trying not to cry as he sees her smile and her eyes move faster.
“Mi hijo,” says his Mama Maria. She enters the room. Hmmm, I’m so confused, she thinks. She observes Alex crying over this lovely chica.
“Mi hijo?” says Papa Jose Arturo. He goes to him and rubs his back.
Alex hears them and looks up with tears on his face. “Padres, my esposa esta muy mala (my wife is real ill)” he cries, holding on to her hand.
“Mi hijo,” says Mama Maria. She sees how much Alex loves this chica. “What happened?” 
“Padres, this is Carolina Crystal Reyes and she’s my esposa,” says Alex. He smiles through his tears. “We got married on Thursday. We were returning from Vegas to attend the weddings when the accident happened.” 
“Mi hijo, I’m sorry. We’ll pray for her,” says Papa Jose Arturo, full of compassion. He sees how much Alex loves his wife.
“Padres, Carolina is pregnant with my bebe (baby),” says Alex. His padres can hear the anguish in his voice. He leans down to give Carolina a beso (kiss) on her hand.  
His parents are surprised and in pain seeing Alex in such agonizing pain. “Mi hijo, we need to pray and we need to have faith in dios (god),” says Mama Maria. She sits next to Alex.
“Yes, mi hijo, your wife is going to recover. The bebe will be in our arms in a very short time,” says Papa Jose Arturo, smiling. He’s swallowing his tears. 
“Papa, my bebe will be born in November,” says Alex. With happiness, he glances at his padre’s noting their surprise. 
“Alejandro Andres, why didn’t you tell us that you had a novia and wanted to marry?” asks Mama Maria, with a little sadness.
Alex turn to look as his parents. “Mama, no si (don’t know). I simply didn’t think about it. Time went by and I knew that I loved her and my bebe. I just didn’t think. I love her and I spent every day with her. I’ve been with her since February. Then on Wednesday, I realized that I was an idiot and that Carolina deserves todo (everything). 
He glances down at Carolina. He observes her smile. “Carolina is pure, innocent and is everything to me. I asked her to marry me. I didn’t want to wait to make her my esposa. I took her to Vegas. I do want to marry her in the church ceremony,” says Alex. He smiles as he sees his parent’s surprise.
“Dios mio, Alex, you could have brought her to the casa. We would have loved to meet her sooner,” says his Papa Jose Arturo. “A good woman deserves todo (everything).”
“Si papa, I was an idiot. Now Carolina is my esposa (wife),” says Alex, full of pride. “My Carolina is a Physician’s Assistant and she’s real sweet. Carolina doesn’t have any family. I’m her familia.
“Mi hijo, we’re her familia,” says Mama Maria. She hugs Alex and smiles, flashing her dimples. “She’s my niña (little girl).” 
“Gracias, Mama,” says Alex. He’s happy that his parents welcome Carolina with open arms.
“Padres, my Baby was responding when I was talking to her. This is a good sign. I know she’ll come back to me,” says Alex. He strokes her lips with his fingers. He wants to kiss her deeply. 
“Carolina, my padres are here and want to meet you. Baby, wake up and say hi. My padres can’t wait to hold our bebe,” he says, observing her smile. She’s attempting to wake up.  
Alex’s Padres see her smile and her eyes move. Gracias, dios mio. Please heal Carolina, thinks Mama Maria.
“Baby, wake up and show my padres your beautiful eyes,” he says, smiling. I love her smile, thinks Alex. “The bebe’s heartbeat is still loud and strong.”
Carolina hears Alex. She’s extremely happy to hear that the bebe is well and that he still loves her. 
I hadn’t heard him in a while. I was afraid that I had lost him. I didn’t want to live. I was being extremely selfish because I was only thinking about me and not our bebe. 
Tears start to fall down Carolina’s beautiful face. She’s relieved that Alex is alive and happy to hear him. She’s also crying for being weak and not wanting to live, not even for the bebe. I know that I need to wake up so I can get better for our bebe and Alex.
Alex sees her tears and starts to cry. He knows that this is a huge sign of her recovery. This is the proof that she hears me and is trying to come back to me. 
“Padres, Carolina hears me and is trying to wake up,” he says. He looks at his padres, smiling. “Baby, I don’t want you to cry.” 
Carolina smiles and tries not to cry. I need to try harder, she thinks. 
My eyes feel so heavy. I can’t stop crying. I’m happy that my vida and my bebe are alive and well. Tears continue to fall down her beautiful face. She smiles with happiness.
Alex calls the Registered Nurse and asks her to call Dr. Williams. 
The nurse enters the room and starts to take Carolina’s vitals. She also witnesses the tears and smiles. 
“I’ll call Dr. Williams,” she says. She walks out. Thank god that she’s responding. The medical staff will be happy to hear that she’s going to be fine, muses the Nurse.
“Dr. Williams, we need you in Mrs. De La Cruz’s room. Her vitals are good. She’s crying,” says the nurse. She smiles, looking at the doctor.
Dr. Williams hears the news with surprise and pleasure. This means it will be a matter of time until Mrs. De La Cruz regains consciousness, he thinks. 
He strides to the room to check her condition and to chart it.
“Dr. De La Cruz,” says Dr. Williams, walking into the room. “I heard that your wife is crying. You know that this is a positive sign and it will be a matter of time for her to regain consciousness.”
“I’m hopeful that you can confirm this,” agrees Alex. 
Dr. Williams checks her chart and verifies her vitals. He also sees that she’s smiling and crying. This is excellent, he thinks. He turns to Alex.
“Dr. De La Cruz, it appears that Mrs. De La Cruz is responding to stimuli. We need to wait until she regains consciousness,” says Dr. Williams.
“Thanks, Dr. Williams. I just wanted you to verify her condition. I want an ultrasound done. I need to see that my baby is alright,” requests Alex.
“Dr. De La Cruz, I will order the ultrasound. I will also have an OB/GYN to come and check your wife and baby,” says Dr. Williams, with a smile. 
“Thanks,” says Alex. He smiles with happiness, knowing that the ultrasound will be done.
“Excuse me,” says Dr. Williams. I’m relieved that Mrs. De La Cruz has a great possibility of regaining consciousness. The entire medical staff has been inquiring on her condition and praying. 
“Mi hijo, real soon we’ll be able to see the bebe,” says his Mama Maria, smiling. “My bebe will be the here soon for me to hold,” she walks to Carolina, leaning in close.
“Mi niña, please wake up. I can’t wait to hold my nieto (grandchild) in my arms,” says Mama Maria. She leans down to give Carolina a tender beso (kiss) on the temple. “What beautiful hair.”
Carolina hears Alex’s mama. Alex’s mama called me her niña and wants to hold our bebe. I’m so happy that she likes me. Carolina smiles and keeps on crying. I need to wake up and meet Alex’s padres, thinks Carolina. 
“Mama, my Carolina hears you,” says Alex. He leans down to give her a beso (kiss). 
“Baby, te amo (I love you). The OB/GYN will be here to check our bebe. We’re also going to get an ultrasound. We will have a picture of our bebe.” 
Carolina hears and is real excited. I need to wake up and see my bebe in the ultrasound. I just can’t open my eyes. They feel so heavy, muses Carolina. 
Alex sees her excitement and the huge smile. Her beautiful eyes move quickly, attempting to open. 
Thank you, dios mio (my god), for saving my Baby and bebe, prays Alex. He hugs Carolina, with tears falling down his face. 
Damn, my side is hurting. I feel lots of pain, but I don’t care. I only want to be with my Baby, he thinks. 
“Mi hijo, you need to rest. Your papa and I will go get something to eat. Do you want us to bring back some food?” asks Mama Maria, smiling. Si, I know that mis hijos will be okay.
“Si, mama, I’m hungry,” says Alex smiling. “I’m staying here next to my Baby. The sofa converts into a bed.”
“Okay, mi hijo. I’ll assist you in converting the sofa into a bed when I return,” says his Papa Jose Arturo.
“Mi hijo, we’re also calling the familia to let them know the great news that you’re well, have a beautiful wife, and that we’re expecting a bebe,” says Mama Maria, grinning.
 “Papa,” says Alex, with embarrassment and pleased. “I’m very happy that you’re pleased.”
Chapter Twenty-Seven

Jacki walks over to Ricky to hug him. She gazes up into his eyes. “Baby, did your primo (cousin) Alex go to Vegas to get marry? He’s the one that called early in the morning for the information on the hotel,” asks Jacki, getting dressed. 
“Mi Reina, I had forgotten all about it because of the weddings and accident. I don’t know if he did get married or if he was just messing with me. I think I should tell my Tios. Maybe something happened to his wife and nobody knows,” says Ricky, shaking his head. 
“I’m glad that we decided to return early from our luna de miel (honeymoon). We can visit Alex and his wife. I love having this extra time in our home and with the familia. Baby, we had lots of things on our minds. I know that you didn’t intentionally forget,” says Jacki.
“Baby, I think that we should go to the hospital and tell your Tios,” says Jacki, putting on her shoes.
“Si, my Reina,” agrees Ricky, standing and waiting for her. 
They go to the hospital. They arrive a few moments after the Tios. The ER Physician’s Assistant informs them that they’re visiting with Alex in the ICU with Dr. De La Cruz’s wife. 
Ricky feels awful for forgetting. “Baby, we all forget things,” says Jacki. 
She slips her arm through Ricky’s. They arrive at the elevator at the end of the hall. “The good thing is that we’re here to support your primo (cousin).” 
“You’re right, my Reina,” says Ricky. 
They arrive at the ICU floor and approach the nurse. “Mrs. De La Cruz’s family is in the room, visiting. The room is full. Only two family members are allowed to visit,” states the Nurse. She looks at Ricky and Jacki. “Mrs. De La Cruz is unconscious with severe brain trauma, but the baby is doing well.”
“Okay, thank you for your information. We will wait until my parents exit the room,” says Ricky. 
Ricky and Jacki turn to walk to the waiting room. They have a seat. 
“Mi Reina, thank god that the bebe is doing well,” says Ricky. “We need to pray for Alex’s wife and bebe.” He gazes into Jacki’s eyes, full of amor. 

Alex’s padres exit the ICU, walking down the hall. They see Ricky and Jacki in the waiting room. 
“Tios, how is Alex and his esposa doing?” asks Ricky. I’m so pissed off at myself. I can’t believe that I forgot to say anything about Alex getting married, thinks Ricky. How could I forget something so important?
“Mi hijo, Alex and his esposa are doing better. Alex is up. His esposa, Carolina, is starting to react. The doctor says it’s only a matter of time. We pray that she regains consciousness soon. The bebe is strong and an ultra sound will be done today,” says Tia Maria. She smiles, flashing dimples.
“Mi hijo, did you know that Alex was getting married?” asks his Tio Jose Arturo. He observes Ricky get frustrated. Hmmm, he knew and didn’t tell la familia.
“Si, Tio, I did know and I forgot. That’s why we came to tell you. Jacki reminded me this morning. I’m sorry” says Ricky. He looks at his tios with sadness.
“Mi hijo, don’t worry because we all forget things,” says Tia Maria. She gives him a hug and a beso (kiss) on the cheek. 
“Si, mi hijo, we understand and we’re happy that you came to visit. Alex will be happy to see you. Alex’s bebe will be born in November,” says Tio Jose Arturo. “We’re extremely happy with this wonderful news.” 
“Wow and Alex never told me he had a novia. I didn’t know anything until he called me to get the information on the hotel in Vegas. I was as surprised as you,” says Ricky. Damn, my primo (cousin) is real sneaky, he thinks. “I’m happy that he’s happy with his wife and bebe.”
“Si, mi hijo, Alex loves his wife with his entire heart. You can see it in his eyes and face. I’m extremely happy,” says Tia Maria, smiling and nodding. 
“Mi hijo, you two can visit Alex. We’re going to get something to eat. Do you want us to bring you some?” asks Tio Jose Arturo, smiling. “Jacki needs to eat and so do you. We will bring you some food. I think I will bring some nice Mexican burritos.” 
“Hmmm, that sounds real good,” says Jacki. She starts to feel some hunger pains when she thinks about food. “I want some.” 
“Si, mi hija, we’ll bring plenty for everyone,” says Tia Maria.
“Okay, Tios, we’ll be with Alex,” says Ricky. “Please bring me an orange Fanta.”
“Yes, I want one,” says Jacki, smiling. “Oh, that sounds so good.”
“We’ll hurry, mi hija,” says Tio Jose Arturo. He turns to walk down the hall with his arm around his Maria’s shoulders.
Ricky rings the ICU station to get admittance into Carolina’s room. The Registered Nurse allows their admittance. Ricky takes Jacki’s hand. They walk into the ICU department and into the room. “Primo (cousin),” says Ricky. He sees Alex trying to pull out of the bed. “I’ll help you.” 
“Primo (cousin), you’re just as hurt as I am,” says Alex. He grins, flashing his dimples. He tries to hold onto his side. 
“Well, we need to get some help from the nurse,” says Ricky. He stops Alex from causing further hurt. Ricky calls the Registered Nurse.
“Ms. Small, we need you to assist us in pulling out the sofa bed. We both have cracked ribs,” says Ricky, smiling at the nurse.
Nurse Small sees Ricky’s smile. Dr. De La Cruz has handsome family. The nurses in the department are talking about his brother. Geeze these women are extremely lucky, thinks Nurse Small.
“Yes,” replies Nurse Small. She pulls out the sofa bed and assists Dr. De La Cruz to recline. “I’ll get you some pillows, Dr. De La Cruz.” 
Nurse Small exits the room. She quickly strides down the hall to retrieve several pillows, bedding, and padded chairs.
“Thank you, Ms. Small,” replies Alex, nodding.
“No worries,” says Nurse Small. Wow! Dr. De La Cruz is hot. I don’t blame Carolina for dating him. I don’t know what the big fuss was about. They’re young, healthy, and single. There’s no reason why they couldn’t date. I know that they’re both very professional, thinks Nurse Small. She walks out, nodding to herself. The entire medical staff is aware that Carolina and the baby are doing better. 
“Primo (cousin), are you good? Do you want me to adjust the pillows?” asks Ricky. He sits on one of the comfortable chairs that the Nurse Small provided.
“Si, primo (cousin), I’m good and I’m hungry,” responds Alex. He smiles weakly. He glances at Carolina. 
“My Tio’s said that they’re bringing some burritos,” says Ricky. He turns to look at Carolina.  
“Primo (cousin), Jacki, this is Carolina my wife,” says Alex, full of pride. “We’re having our bebe in November.”
“Yeah, my Tio’s told us. You’re so sneaky. You never told me you had a novia (girlfriend),” says Ricky, grinning wickedly. “You were also working hard.”
Alex smiles full of pride and a little regret. “Primo (cousin), I’ve been with Carolina since February. I’ve been staying with her every day.” I knew he would be surprised. I don’t even know how I did it or how it happened. It just worked out that way, muses Alex.
“How did you manage that?” asks Ricky, surprised. “You were always at the familia gatherings and at the club on Fridays.”
“Yeah, primo (cousin), but my Baby works graveyard and is off on Thursdays and Fridays. I worked daytime and was on call. I picked her up from work every day and I also dropped her off. I stayed with her until I had to go into work. I stayed with her on Thursdays and Fridays. I went back after work and sometimes I went home and stayed until I had to pick her up. My padres didn’t notice because I’m on call or have long work days,” says Alex, grinning. 
“Primo (cousin), what about her familia?” asks Ricky. I wonder how they got away with it, wonders Ricky.
“Primo (cousin), my Baby doesn’t have any familia. When I met her she had her abuela that raised her since she was only five. Her abuela passed that same night that I met her. I couldn’t and wouldn’t leave her alone. I took time off from work and stayed with my Baby. I helped her with the funeral. I was not leaving her alone in her casa. Her abuela left her a small casa and it’s paid for. I don’t like the area and didn’t want to leave her alone,” says Alex. “Last Wednesday some idiot broke into the house. He broke in wanting to rape my Baby. He didn’t know that I was there. I beat the shit out of him. He scared the shit out of me. I was grateful that I was there to protect her. I would have died if he had hurt my Baby and my bebe.” 
“Primo (cousin), that’s really incredible. I don’t know how you lived through all of this without saying a word,” says Ricky. “We could have helped you make sure she was okay when you were at work.”
“Primo (cousin), I don’t know how I kept her in the shadows in my life (life). I simply didn’t think about it. I’m so happy when I’m with her and time passed quickly. I never thought about introducing her to the familia. I only wanted to have her all to myself. That’s why I couldn’t get into any of the chicas (girls) that we met. They all grossed me out. My Baby is pure and innocent. She’s everything I ever wanted in my mujer (woman).” He glances at Carolina. “I really didn’t want to keep her out of my life. She’s very much part of my life. I was always with her when I wasn’t working. I was at the club on Fridays just for an hour or two. On Sunday dinners, she was at work. It just happened without me trying.” 
“Primo (cousin), that’s incredible. I can see what you mean,” says Ricky. He looks at Carolina. She’s real lovely. My primo (cousin) says that she’s also innocent. She was probably like my Reina, thinks Ricky.
Wow, this is a real love story, thinks Jacki. 
“Primo (cousin), I need someone to get our wedding packages and bags from my car. I don’t know where my car is. I want to make sure that my Baby’s wedding gown is okay for our wedding in the church ceremony. I don’t want her upset because it gets ruined. I think that the chicas (girls) really feel special with their wedding gowns.” he turns to look at Jacki, nodding with approval. He smiles at her. 
Wow, he’s real gorgeous and has a lot of charm, thinks Jacki.
“Si, primo (cousin), I’ll get Javier or Jose Enrique to get this,” says Ricky. He smiles at his primo (cousin). It’s great that my primo (cousin) is in love with his esposa, thinks Ricky.
“Primo (cousin), thanks for the information on the Paris hotel. My Baby really loved the chapel and everything. I took her to see a show,” says Alex. Yeah, my Baby enjoyed the show. She was truly happy. 
“Primo (cousin), my baby is young and sweet,” says Alex, looking at Carolina. “I’m so lucky to have met her.”
“Wow, primo (cousin) how old is she?” asks Ricky. He glances at Carolina. She definitely looks real young, he thinks.
“Primo (cousin), she’s only twenty, almost twenty-one. She recently graduated and she’s a Physician’s Assistant in the ER. I’m so proud of her. She went to school against all odds and only with her abuela’s support,” says Alex, beaming. 
“Yeah, primo (cousin), you should be proud. She sounds like a fantastic mujer,” agrees Ricky. He looks at Carolina. 
“Si, primo (cousin),” says Alex. He starts to feel drowsy.
“Primo (cousin), you go ahead and take a nap. We’ll stay here if you want or we can leave,” says Ricky. He observes how tired Alex is. “You really need to rest.”
“Si, primo (cousin), I want you to stay if you’re comfortable. It’ll give me peace of mind knowing that someone will be available for my Baby,” he says, just before he goes out.
Ricky gazes at Jacki. 
“Si, Baby, we should stay and make sure that they’re both okay,” whispers Jacki. 
“Si,” says Ricky. He grabs another pillow to put behind his Reina’s back. He hugs her close.
Chapter Twenty-Eight

Alex’s padres return with the food and go into the room. The Registered Nurse approved their visit since Alex is also a patient. 
They enter the room quietly, not wanting to wake Alex since he’s sleeping. The nurse advises them that he’s now staying with Carolina, as a patient.
Ricky and Jacki are watching television. They turn to see them enter the room. “Tios, we’re hungry,” says Ricky. He stands to get the bags and drinks from his Tio’s. 
“Si, mi hijo, we came back as soon as we could,” replies Tio Jose Arturo, grinning. Oh, dios mio, my niño’s are grown, he thinks. His eyes tear up.
“Jacki, here’s your burrito,” says Ricky, knowing full well that Jacki’s hungry. 
“Primo (cousin), do you want your burrito. Let me get it for you,” says Ricky. He observes Alex wake up and nod.
“Si, primo (cousin), I’m starving,” says Alex, taking the burrito and drink from Ricky. “Gracias.”
“Mi hijo, did you rest?” asks Mama Maria. She sits in one of the chairs, eating her burrito. 
“Si, mama,” replies Alex, taking another bite of his burrito. 
The Registered Nurse enters the room. “Dr. De La Cruz, the ultrasound technician will be here in thirty minutes,” says Nurse Small. “The OB/GYN doctor will also be down in the next hour.”   
“Thank you,” replies Alex, nodding. He smiles at her. 
The nurse nods with pleasure. She returns to her station. Everybody wants an update on Carolina’s status. The entire hospital is waiting to learn if the baby is a boy or girl. 
“Primo (cousin), this is so exciting,” says Ricky. 
“Mi hijo, will we get to know what the bebe is?” asks Mama Maria, with curiosity. “It would be nice to know so we can start getting the clothes.”
“Si, mama, we can and I think that we will,” says Alex. He smiles. “I want to know if my bebe is a niño or niña.” 
“Mi hijo, you’re staying with us until you get your casa?” asks Mama Maria, smiling. “We would love to have you their when the bebe is born.” 
“Mama, I told Carolina that we’ll stay in casa until we find our casa.” replies Alex, nodding. “It would depend on Carolina selecting a casa quickly or not.” 
He finished off his burrito anxiously, waiting for the ultra sound technician. I need to get up so I can see the screen and be close to my Baby. “Papa, can you please help me get up,” says Alex, as he attempts to stand up.
“Si, mi hijo,” says Papa Jose Arturo. He carefully helps Alex stand. “We’re going to get to see my nieto.”
“Si, Papa.” Alex smiles, walks over to Carolina.
“Baby, we’ll be having the ultrasound done in a few,” says Alex. He strokes her beautiful face. He waits for her eyes to open. “Baby, wake up.” 
Alex sees her smile and her eyes move. She attempts to open them. “Baby, don’t worry, it is okay; I know that you can hear me. I’ll tell you what’s happening when the ultrasound is underway,” he says. He leans down to give her a beso (kiss). 
Ricky observes Alex confirms that he’s truly in love. This makes me very happy to see. Geeze, his bebe will be born soon, muses Ricky.
The ultra sound technician arrives and starts to set up. “Hi, I’m Mike your ultra sound technician,” he says. He connects the unit to the wall. “Dr. Billings will be here in a few. He wants to view the ultrasound.”
“Okay,” says Alex. He looks as the technician pulls down the sheet to Carolina’s hips and pulls up the hospital gown up to her waist. He sets down several towels around Carolina womb. “Baby, the technician is adjusting your gown so he can work with the unit. You’ll be feeling some cool gel that’s used to move the wand around to see the bebe.” 
Alex is happy that Carolina appears to be listening. She smiles, her eyes moving as if attempting to open. “Baby, don’t worry, I’ll tell you everything,” he says, stroking her hair away from the equipment.
“Wow, she has beautiful long hair,” says Jacki. “Is it down to her waist?”
Alex turns around and smiles “My Baby’s hair goes down past her waist and I just love it.” 
“Oh, primo (cousin), it’s beautiful,” says Ricky admiring Carolina’s long black hair.
“Si, mi hijo, that’s exactly what I said earlier. Carolina’s hair is very beautiful,” says Mama Maria. She smiles, walking over to help him move Carolina’s glorious hair away from all the equipment. “Mi hijo, do you want me to make a loose braid?” 
Alex looks at Carolina smile. “Si, mama, I think Carolina would love that. She’s always trying to keep her hair in a braid. She’s always tells me that keeping it in a braid is the only way it would not get damaged,” he says. Alex grins. “Of course, I’m always removing the braid.”
His papa Jose Arturo laughs. “Si, he's my hijo,” he says, grinning. “Todo hombre (all man).”
Ricky starts to laugh. Yeah, a man would always want to get lost in glorious hair like that.
The technician is ready. They wait for the doctor to arrive. A few seconds later, the Doctor walks into the room. 
“Hi, Dr. De La Cruz, I’m Dr. Billings,” says the doctor, smiling. I have heard all day nothing but about this couple. Hmmm, it has been interesting how the entire medical staff has been so concerned. They’ll want an update as soon as I’m done checking the baby’s condition, thinks Dr. Billings.
“Hi Dr. Billings, we’re real anxious to see our baby’s condition and if possible the baby’s sex,” says Alex. “I believe that my wife is approximately 21 weeks.”
“I understand,” he says, turning to the technician Mike. “Mike, is the ultrasound monitor ready?” The doctor takes over. He put some type of patches to connect the unit to the womb. Instantly you can hear the baby’s heartbeats and it’s real loud and strong. The doctor then takes the wand and starts to move it around Carolina’s stomach in the womb area. 
The image of the bebe appears on the monitor, causing Alex to blink away his tears. “Baby, I can see our bebe,” he tells Carolina. 
Carolina smiles and a few tears roll down her face. Alex wipes away the tears tenderly with his finger pads. He then turns to look at the screen. He sees little bodies, bebes kicking. Bebes? Alex is shocked. He looks at the Doctor. 
Dr. Billings smiles, nodding. “Dr. De La Cruz, it appears that you hit the jack pot. I see two babies in the womb. They’re very active,” he says. 
He attempts to get the image and measurements of the first one and then moves the wand to get the image of the other baby and measurements.
Alex is in astonished. He smiles to tell Carolina. “Baby, did you hear we’re having twins,” says Alex. He looks at the huge smile on her face. 
Carolina hears the doctor and can’t believe it. When Alex confirmed what she heard she’s very happy. I’m having twins, wow. My Alex really worked hard, she thinks. She smiles and starts to cry.
“Primo (cousin), you really worked hard,” says Ricky, with amazement and happiness.
Alex turns to look at his primo (cousin) with pride and nods. Alex turns to look at the screen. “Dr. Billings, can you tell their sex?” 
“Dr. De La Cruz, it appears that I can see a baby boy and a baby girl,” says Dr. Billings, with a huge smile. “This is the baby boy,” and he shows Alex. He then moves the wand to show him the girl. “This is the baby girl.” the doctor continues to take more measurements. The doctor then prints out photos of the bebes.
“Mi hijo, congratulations,” says Papa Jose Arturo with pride and amor.
“Mis hijos, I’m so happy,” says Mama Maria, looking at the screen in amazement.
Jacki is in a trance and excited. “Congrats, how exciting that you’re having twins,” she says, smiling.
“Dr. De La Cruz, I’m going to show you and print out the 3D images of the babies’ faces,” says Dr. Billings. He smiles, happy to give the De La Cruz family something to be happy about.
“Wow, Baby! Dr. Billings is printing out some 3D images of our bebe’s. You did hear we’re having a niño and a niña,” says Alex. He observes Carolina smile and her eyes move. “Baby, I need you to wake up so we can take care of you and the bebe’s. We have lots of preparations to do for their arrival.” 
“Si, mi hijo, there’s a lot of work to get ready for the bebes,” says Mama Maria, joyfully.
“Dr. De La Cruz, I’m going to do an examination on your wife and babies. I think it would be best to have the family step out for a few minutes,” says Dr. Billings. He wipes Carolina’s stomach and starts to take measurements. 
Alex familia quickly exits the room to allow them some privacy for the examination. Alex stands next to Carolina. “Baby, Dr. Billings is going to do an exam.” He watches her smile. Alex holds her hand and starts to stroke her temple, with tenderness. 
Dr. Billings completes his exam and smiles. “Dr. De La Cruz, it appears that your estimation of 21 weeks is correct. I’m giving her a due date of November 19. The babies appear to be healthy and strong. Mrs. De La Cruz needs to make an appointment and of course she will need to take her prenatal pills,” he says. He smiles as he washes his hands. 
“Dr. Billings, my wife has been taking her prenatal pills since I confirmed her pregnancy. Thank you,” says Alex. “As soon as my wife wakes up we’ll schedule an appointment.”
“Dr. De La Cruz, I wish you and your wife the best. Congratulations on your marriage and babies,” says Dr. Billings. He shakes Alex’s hand.
“Thank you,” says Alex.
The ultrasound technician leaves the room with the unit. Dr. Billings leaves right after him. The familia steps back into the room.
“Baby, I love you! Please, open you beautiful eyes,” says Alex. He gives her a beso (kiss). 
Carolina tries hard to open her eyes. She smiles towards Alex’s voice. 
Alex sees her eyes move quickly. She’s attempting to open her eyes. Hmmm, she’s probably tired, but I know she’ll wake up, ponders Alex.
“Primo (cousin), Tony said that when he was unconscious he heard Cynthia. He said that he had a hard time opening his eyes,” says Ricky. He looks at Jacki. 
“Si, I know, but we know she’ll open her eyes soon,” says Alex. 
“The familia is going to get excited when they hear about the twins,” says Mama Maria. “The best news is that it will be a niño and a niña. How awesome, I can’t wait.”  
“Si, now you can buy everything you like for the bebes,” says Jacki, smiling. “What about names. You two need to pick some awesome names. How about Alejandro and Alejandra? I like, Alexis and Alex. Yes, how about Carolina and Carlos or Andres and Andrea?” 
Alex smiles and turns to see Carolina smile. “Jacki, that’s real good suggestions,” says Alex, grinning. “I’m sure that the familia will all have great names and Carolina can select her favorites.” 
“Baby, do you have an idea on names,” he asks Carolina. He sees her smile. 
“Padres, the doctor says that the due date is November 19,” says Alex. He mentally counts the months till November. Wow, my bebes will be here soon.
“Si, mi hijo, and that’s just around the corner,” says Mama Maria, starting to get anxious with all of the preparations to be made for their arrival.
“Primo (cousin), I’m glad that you’re now doing well. Congratulations on your marriage and bebes,” says Ricky. “Jacki and I are leaving. We have some errands to do.”
“Si, primo (cousin), and gracias (thank you),” says Alex. He turns to Jacki and smiles. “Jacki, gracias (thanks) for coming. I’m glad that you met my esposa.”
“Si, and I can’t wait to talk to her,” says Jacki. She holds onto Ricky’s hand.
“Adios, mis hijos,” says his padres. “We’re leaving to get some rest. Make sure to call if you need anything. Don’t be surprised if the familia stops by. I need some rest,” says Mama Maria. She gives Carolina a beso (kiss) and turns to Alex to give him a hug and a beso (kiss). 
“Adios, mis hijos,” says Papa Jose Arturo, giving Carolina a beso (kiss) and Alex a hug and a beso (kiss).
“Gracias,” says Alex, smiling and waving as they leave. Hmmm, now I can get some rest, he thinks. 
“Baby, my familia left to get some rest. I need to get some rest. I’m hurting a little. Baby, are you tired? It has been a little exciting. I have our bebe’s images here next to you.” 
Alex sees her smile. “I’m right next to you in the pull out, okay.” I love to see her smile. “Please try to rest and maybe you can open your eyes in a while.” 
He leans down and gives her a beso (kiss). “Baby, you know I want some. Please, open your beautiful eyes so I can love you,” he whispers in her ear. He sees her smile, trying to open her eyes. He gives her a beso (kiss). It’s not a deep beso (kiss), but it had to do. 
Carolina hears Alex. I know how hungry he’ll be as soon as he gets stronger. Hmmm, I need to open my eyes. I want to love him.
Chapter Twenty Nine

Alex wakes up from his nap a little confused. He looks around and sees Carolina in bed. Everything comes rushing into his mind. He quickly tries to get up, disregarding his own injuries.
“Baby, I’ll be right there,” he says, trying to get up and holding his side. Hmmm, it hurts to breathe deeply. I need more pain medication, thinks Alex. 
“Primo (cousin), wait let me help you,” says Jose Enrique. He rushes over to help him. “Calm down, your esposa is well.” He has just walked into the room.
“Yeah, primo (cousin), but I need to see her,” says Alex, smiling at Him. “My lovely esposa is having our bebes (babies).” He grins.
“Bebes?” asks Jose Enrique, grinning. I wonder what he means. He raises his right eyebrow in question. 
“Si, primo (cousin), twins,” says Alex. He grins, walking slowly towards Carolina. 
“Wow, Alex, you really worked hard,” says Jose Enrique. He’s amused. He grins, watching Alex. “When are the bebes due?” 
“My bebe’s are due on November 19,” says Alex. He grins at Jose Enrique. “I can’t wait to hold them. We’re having a niña (girl) and niño (boy).”
“Congrats, Alex,” says Jose Enrique. He smiles and walks over to look at Carolina. Wow, Alex wife is beautiful. Look at the long beautiful hair. 
“Alex your esposa looks real young.” He turns to look at Alex caress her face very tenderly. I can see my primo (cousin) is really in love with his esposa. Hmmm, I wonder if this is the chica that has had a tight hold on him. He hasn’t played around with chicas (girls) in a long time. 
“Primo (cousin), yes, my esposa is only twenty and soon will be twenty-one.” Alex looks over at him smiling. “My esposa is a Physician’s Assistant and she recently graduated. I’m proud that she managed to go to school having only the support of her abuela. I met her in the ER in February. I have been with her from the first day. I practically lived with her,” says Alex. He turns to look at Jose Enrique. I know this is a surprise. Hmm, maybe he’s not. “You don’t look surprised.”
“No, primo (cousin), I’m not surprised. I felt that you had a special woman in your life by the way you acted. You changed your ways with the chicas (girls). You only showed up on Fridays at the club to basically say hi. You didn’t want to have anything do with any mujer. I knew that you were attached to one mujer. I don’t understand why you didn’t introduce Carolina to the familia,” says Jose Enrique. He looks Alex’s surprised expression. Jose Enrique admires the extent of love that Alex has for his esposa.
“Primo (cousin), it simply happened. I didn’t do it intentionally. I just didn’t think about it. When I was with Carolina, all I thought about was how happy I am with her. I wanted to keep her only to myself. My esposa works graveyard and she’s only off on Thursdays and Fridays. I’d take her to work and pick her up. I went to work. I stayed with her when I was not working and went to my casa to get clothes. Sometimes I stayed in my casa only until I went to pick her up,” says Alex, smiling. “I’ve been with my Baby every day and I love her.”
“Primo (cousin), you were busy,” says Jose Enrique, shaking his head. He glances at Carolina. “I don’t know how you kept such a schedule.”
“Yeah, primo (cousin) I was always with her. I wasn’t going to leave her alone. My Baby has no familia. Her abuela raised her since she was five. Her abuela passed away on the same night that I met her,” says Alex, turning to look at Jose Enrique. “Last week, a guey broke into the casa with all intentions of raping my Baby. He didn’t know that I was there. I beat the shit out of him and called the police. He scared the hell out of me. I decided to marry Carolina quickly in Vegas. I didn’t want to wait and take any risks on her life or health. I wanted to make her my esposa.” 
“I understand, primo (cousin),” says Jose Enrique, nodding “I’m glad that guey (jerk) didn’t hurt her. That’s incredible and it must have been real terrifying to have an intruder with all intentions of harming your wife.”
“Si, primo (cousin), it frightens me to think of her alone. I decided not to risk my Baby. My Baby’s abuela left her this small casa and it is paid off. It’s in a tough area and I don’t want to leave her alone,” he says, noticing that Carolina is smiling. “Baby, are you listening?” 
Carolina smiles and tries to open her eyes.
Jose Enrique is amazed to see that she’s able to hear. That means it’s just a matter of time when she can open her eyes. 
“Baby, this is my primo (cousin), Jose Enrique. He’s the boss. He’s the eldest of all of the primos (cousins),” says Alex. He smiles, turns to look at Jose Enrique, embarrassed.
“Primo (cousin), you’re a pain,” says Jose Enrique. He shakes his head, smiling at what Alex is telling his esposa.
“Baby, my primo (cousin) is getting married in July,” says Alex, looking at Carolina. “I need you to open your eyes so we can participate in all the weddings that are coming up.”
“Primo (cousin), my bebes are going to be born first,” he says, grinning. “This is Carolina Crystal De La Cruz.” 
“Nice meeting you, Carolina,” says Jose Enrique, seeing her smile. “I know that you’ll be at my wedding.”
“Baby, I’m going to show him the images of our bebe’s,” says Alex. He reaches for the pictures that are at her side.
Carolina smiles and she attempts to open her eyes. I really want to talk to his primo (cousin). He sounds so nice.
“Primo (cousin), these are my bebe’s. Look at the 3D picture. I think that they look like my Baby,” says Alex. He grins, staring at the bebes.
“Si, primo (cousin), they do look a lot like Carolina,” says Jose Enrique. He’s excited at seeing the bebes and at how good the ultrasound images look. “Maybe I can see my bebe soon.”
“Primo (cousin), Jessy is pregnant?” asks Alex surprised. “Congrats.”
“Yeah, primo (cousin), she is,” says Jose Enrique. He’s a little embarrassed, smiling. “You know how it is.” 
“Primo (cousin), I know and no worries,” says Alex, turning to Carolina. “Baby, you did hear that my primo (cousin) is having a bebe. Our bebe’s are going to have lots of primos (cousins) to play with.”
“Our padres are going to be real busy and happy with all the nietos. They’ve been requesting nietos for a long time,” says Jose Enrique.
“Si, primo (cousin), and we all decided to work on it at the same time,” grins Alex. He leans down to give Carolina a beso (kiss). “Baby, did you hear?”
Si, it’s wonderful that my bebe’s are going to have lots of primos (cousins) to play with. They’ll also have lots of Tios. Oh dios, thank you for such a beautiful familia, thinks Carolina.
“Primo (cousin), I need to ask you to help me get my Baby’s wedding gown and our bags from my car. I don’t know where it is. Have Bella draw a power of attorney so you can have someone pickup my stuff. I’m also going to need someone to help us with my baby’s casa,” says Alex. He turns to see Jose Enrique nod.
“Si, primo (cousin), I’m on it,” says Jose Enrique. “I’ll have someone come with the papers for you to sign tomorrow.”
“Gracias, primo (cousin). Please tell them to be careful with the gown,” says Alex. He smiles at how pleased Carolina looks. “Carolina looked like a reina and I want her to wear her gown again at our church ceremony.” 
“I’ll make sure that they are real careful with all of your items” says Jose Enrique, smiling. “It appears that the weddings in Vegas are real nice and quick. I wish I had thought of that.”
“Si, primo (cousin), you should have thought of that. Maybe you wouldn’t be so frustrated,” grins Alex. He moves as quickly as he can to avoid Jose Enrique’s fist. He attempts not to laugh, because of the sharp pain at his side. 
“Primo (cousin), can you get your amigo, the realtor, to look for some casas around our casas for us to look at. I want to get my Baby her casa as soon as possible,” says Alex. “We’ll need to have a big nursery room for the bebe’s”.
“Si, primo (cousin), I’ll get my amigo on it,” says Jose Enrique, nodding. “You do have a lot to do. The bebe’s are going to be here soon.”
“Baby, you did hear that, we have a lot to do. I need you to wake up and get well,” says Alex He smiles as he sees her smile. Tears fall down her beautiful face. “Baby, I want you to open your beautiful eyes so my primo (cousin) can see them.” 
Alex laughs as he sees Carolina blush.
“Primo (cousin), I’m happy to see you’re so in love and happy with your wife. Congrats on your marriage and bebe’s,” says Jose Enrique. “I need to get going. I have to pick up Jessy for dinner.” 
“Si, primo (cousin), and gracias for coming,” says Alex, smiling. “Say hi to Jessy. I hope that Carolina meets her soon.”
“Yes, I will. Adios (goodbye), Carolina,” says Jose Enrique, waving. He walks away. Bella and Gregory enter the room as he exits. 
“Adios,” says Jose Enrique. “See ya later.”
“Adios, primo (cousin),” says Bella and Alex.
“Adios,” says Greg. He smiles, holding Bella close to his side. I just love the entire familia. They’re all great people, muses Gregory.
“Hola, hermano,” says Bella, walking into the room. “How are you doing?” Bella walks over to Alex to give him a hug.
“Hola, Bella.” Alex turns to look at Greg. “Hola, Greg.”
“Hola,” says Greg. He glances at Carolina. “I see you’re doing well.”
“Hermano, we brought you some dinner. Mama made it,” says Bella. “Sit down and eat.” She takes his arm and helps him to sit down. 
“Oh sweet, Bella, and gracias.” Alex turns to Carolina. He walks away. “Baby, this is my sister Isabella, we call her Bella and Gregory.”
“Bella, this is my esposa, Carolina Crystal De La Cruz.” He smiles as he sits down. 
Carolina smiles and turns towards his voice. “Baby, you’re missing out on my mama’s cooking.” He turns to look at Bella. “My Baby can hear us but she still can’t open her eyes. She will be able to open her eyes when her body is ready. It could be any minute.”
“That’s great, Alex.”  Bella turns to look at Carolina. “Wow, Carolina, you sure are bella, look at your glorious hair.” She walks over to Carolina, stands close.
“You should see her beautiful green eyes.” He starts to eat a chili relleno (stuffed pepper) with pleasure. “Hmmm, these are good.” 
“Oh yeah, Alex, there should be a drink for you in the bag and tortillas.” Bella, nods. She strokes Carolina’s beautiful hair. “How long is your hair, Carolina?”
“Bella, her hair goes past her waist. Did you hear that we’re having twins? Our bebes are due on November 19.” 
“No way, hermano, you have been really working hard.” Bella, laughs. She watches Alex blush and turns to look at Greg. “Wow, you’ve been real sneaky, Alejandro.”
“Congratulations,” says Greg. “Twins.” He laughs.
I wish I could see Alex and his sister. I wonder if she’s as beautiful as Alex is handsome. She sounds real nice and lots of fun, thinks Carolina, smiling.
“Sister, you’re a brat.” Alex, blushes and continues to eat his food. 
Bella starts laughing. “Are these the ultra sound images of my nephews?” She looks at the images. “Carolina, you need to open your eyes. I think that the bebes look a lot like you.” She turns to look at Carolina smiling.
Carolina smiles, huge tears start to roll down her beautiful face. I wish I could see the bebes’ images and talk to Bella.
“Carolina, you need to get up so we can go shopping for the bebe’s cute little clothes. I can’t wait to hold them. I bet the bebes’ are real beautiful.” 
“Oh yeah, Bella, especially because I made the bebe’s.” He laughs as he observes Carolina blush.
“Carolina, you shouldn’t listen to Alex. He always thinks he’s the best.” Bella, laughs. “But this time he did win. He did produce twins.”
Greg laughs along with Bella, shaking his head. “Yeah, Alex, you really worked hard.”
Alex blushes and shakes his head at Bella and Greg. He keeps on eating, trying not to say anything.
“Bella, I asked Jose Enrique to get a Power of Attorney for me. I need him to have someone get my Baby’s wedding gown from the car and some bags. I also need to have help with my Baby’s small casa. Her abuela left her the small casa and we need to clean it, sell it, and get out the items that she wants to keep.” Alex, takes a drink of his soda.
“Okay, I’ll do the Power of Attorney and get someone to bring it by tomorrow in the morning for you to sign it,” says Bella. She turns to look at Carolina.
“Hermano, are you sure she’s legal? Carolina, you look real young.” She laughs watching Carolina smile and blush.
“Baby, don’t listen to Bella.” He stands and walks over to Carolina to hold her hand. “Bella, my Baby is young. She’s going to be twenty-one.” 
“Ay, hermano, you almost robbed the cradle,” says Bella. She laughs, watching Carolina blush. “I’m joking, Carolina.”
“Baby, don’t listen to her.” He leans down to give her a beso (kiss). “She’s just jealous that you’re young and bella.”
He turns to look at Bella. “Bella, I’m real proud of my Baby. She’s a Physician’s Assistant. She did it all on her own. My Baby doesn’t have any padres. Her abuela raised her since she was only five years old.”  
“Carolina, that’s very admirable,” says Bella. She watches her smile.
“Oh yeah.” Alex, looks at Carolina. “Baby, you still need to meet my sister, Erica, my hermano Christian, and hermano Nicolas and his esposo Danni. Yeah, you’re going to love Angel Nicolas, my nephew.” 
“Carolina, I love your wedding rings. Did you pick them out?” asks Bella, picking up her hand. She admires the rings. “They’re huge and beautiful.”
Carolina smiles and tries to open her eyes, wanting to talk to Bella, moving her eyes. 
“Sister, I picked them out for my Baby. She deserves todo (everything).” His voice reflects his amor.
“I agree, hermano,” says Bella, nodding. “I bet she looked like a reina (queen) in her wedding gown.” 
“Hell yeah, she sure did, and I was speechless,” says Alex. “We have the photos and video in the car.”
“We need to sit down on a Saturday and see all the wedding videos. Hmm, maybe at the Sunday dinner will be better,” says Bella. 
“That sounds like a great idea.”  He looks at Paty, entering the room with Carlos.
“Primo (cousin), I’m glad to see you standing. We were real scared for you,” says Paty. She walks over to him and gives him a hug. She turns around and waves to Bella and Greg. She looks at Carolina.
“Si, prima, I’m doing better. Prima, this is my esposa Carolina Crystal De La Cruz,” says Alex, smiling. “Baby, this is my prima Paty, and Carlos.” 
“Hola, Alex,” says Carlos, looking at Carolina.
“Carolina, nice meeting you.” Paty, leans down to give her a beso (kiss). “Congratulations.”
Carolina smiles and a few more tears fall. Alex has such a caring wonderful familia. I want to talk to them. I feel so accepted, thinks Carolina.
“Paty, we’re having twins,” says Alex. He laughs, enjoying Paty’s surprise.
“Primo (cousin), good job,” says Paty. She smiles at Carolina. “Carolina, you’re going to have a lot of work with twins, but I bet they’ll be worth it.”
“Prima, look at the 3D images of the bebe’s,” says Bella. “Aren’t they beautiful?” 
“Si, primo (cousin), and I think that they look a lot like Carolina.” She looks at Carolina. “Wow, Caro, how gorgeous your hair is.” She couldn’t help but touch Caro’s hair. I need to touch it to see if it’s as silky as it looks, thinks Paty.
“Primo (cousin), how long is it?” asks Paty, turning to look at Alex.
“Prima, my Baby’s hair is below her waist,” says Alex, smiling. “You should see her beautiful green eyes.” He enjoys Carolina’s blush.
Greg and Carlos smile. They both agree that Carolina’s hair is very beautiful. “I bet you love it,” says Carlos, grinning and looking at Alex.
“You know it,” says Alex. He laughs, looking at Carlos and Greg. It’s a man thing.
“Wow, it looks like it’s also thick,” says Greg. 
“Oh yeah, it is.” Alex, looks over at Carolina. “My Baby takes care of her hair.”
“Yes, primo (cousin) you have to take care of the hair to have it look and feel like this,” says Paty, nodding. 
“Carolina, you’re a bella mujer. No wonder you have my primo (cousin) wrapped around your little finger,” says Paty. “I bet you’re also sweet.”
“Hell yeah, Paty, my Baby is sweet, pure, and innocent,” says Alex. He watches Carolina blush, and smiles.
“Primo (cousin), I’m happy that you met such an amazing mujer,” says Paty. “Congratulations on your marriage and the bebes.”
“Hermano, Christian was here on Saturday and Sunday. He wanted me to tell you that he’s with you. He’ll see you this weekend,” says Bella. “Of course, Christian doesn’t know about Carolina or the bebes. I can’t wait to see his face when he hears this.” 
“I bet he wouldn’t believe it.” Alex grins.
“Well, you were a little sneaky, Primo (cousin),” says Paty. “You really kept Carolina a secret.” 
“It was not done intentionally. I just spent all my free time with my Baby. I was at the club for just a couple hours to talk to you guys. On Sunday, my baby worked. She worked graveyard and I took her to work and I picked her up. Her days off I spent with her. It just happened that way,” says Alex, shrugging his shoulders. “All I thought about was being with her and didn’t think of you guys.” He grins, looking at Carolina blush. “I have been with her every day since February, when I met her.”
“Wow, no wonder she’s having twins,” says Bella, laughing. “
“Alex, it sounds like you were living with Carolina,” says Paty. She walks over to stand near Alex.
“Yeah, you can say that. I only went to the casa to get some clothes. Sometimes I stayed until I went to pick up my Baby. I was not going to leave my Baby alone.” 
“What do you mean, Alex?” Paty look over at him.
“My baby doesn’t have any familia …… didn’t want anyone to harm my Baby,” says Alex, looking at his familia.
“That’s incredible and you’re lucky the guey (jerk) didn’t have the opportunity to harm your esposa,” says Carlos. “That guey was lucky because I would have killed him.” 
“Yeah, I know,” says Alex. “I didn’t want to wait to marry my Baby. We went to Vegas and were coming back to attend the weddings when the accident happened.”
“Wow, Alex, what a miracle that you two survived. Especially that the bebes are healthy and strong,” says Paty. “We were praying for you.”
“Yes, Paty, gracias.” He’s all choked up with emotion. “My Baby is my life.” 
“Yeah, I know what you mean,” says Carlos. He pulls Paty into his side. Yeah, I’m lucky that she is safe from any harm, thinks Carlos. 
“Hermanos, you’re staying at the casa until you’re ready for your casa? It’s going to be so exciting on Christmas when the bebes will be here,” says Bella. She turns to Carolina. “Carolina, we can buy the bebes real cute outfits for a picture with Santa. Oh, I can’t wait. Alex, can you imagine the little dress?” she turns to look at Alex, smiling. She’s excited with the thought of the bebes being around on Christmas.
Carolina starts to cry. Bella and Paty are wonderful. I can’t wait for Christmas, muses Carolina. 
“Baby, you’ll be up way before that. You can buy all the clothes you want for the bebes,” says Alex. He smiles, shaking his head.
“Carolina, yes, it’ll be lots of fun. Think about Easter,” says Paty. She smiles, thinking about the outfits. “The stores now have the cutest little shoes.”
“Oh yeah, Bella, we’ll be staying at the casa until we get our casa. We have a lot of things to take care before the bebe’s arrive,” says Alex. 
He turns anxiously to Carolina, telling her urgently. “Baby, I need you to wake up. We need to get two cribs, two of everything. I’m starting to stress out.”
Carolina wants to laugh, as she hears Alex stressing. She hears Bella and Paty laugh at Alex, along with Carlos and Greg.
“Oh, hermano, you’re too funny,” says Bella. “I bet you barely thought about all of that.” She chuckles.
“Si, primo (cousin), you have to get all the diapers, the strollers, the car seats, the diaper bags,” says Paty. She stops as she sees Alex start to turn white. “Primo (cousin), don’t faint.” 
“Oh, man, I’m glad it’s you,” says Greg. He shakes his head. “I would die before I even started that long list.”
“Alex, let me help you sit down,” says Carlos. He’s concerned with how he looks. “We’ll help you if you need it.” Carlos helps him sit down. 
Carolina is concerned. She starts to move her eyes, attempting to wake up. I need to open my eyes. Alex is starting to stress out, she thinks. 
“No, I’m okay. I’m just a little dizzy,” says Alex. “Baby, don’t worry, I’m okay.” 
“Hermano, you need to rest. I think we’ll leave,” says Bella. She turns to Carolina. She gives her a beso (kiss) on her cheek. “I hope to get to talk to you tomorrow, Carolina. I want you tell me all of the details on how my hermano was running after you.” She laughs when she hears Alex moan.
“Si, we can’t wait to hear it,” says Paty. She smiles at Alex. “Carolina, could you please wake up. We have a lot of things to buy.”
Carolina smiles, she attempts to open her eyes. I really need to wake up so I can talk to my new familia. They sound so wonderful. No wonder my Alex made time to see them on Fridays and Sundays.
“Adios, Alex, and rest,” says Carlos. He turns towards Carolina. “Adios, Carolina.”
“Adios, Carolina,” says Bella. She leans in to give her a beso (kiss) on the cheek. “Adios, hermano.” 
“Si, adios,” says Greg. He takes Bella’s hand.
“Adios, primo (cousin),” says Paty. She waves at Alex. “Adios, Carolina. I’ll talk to you tomorrow.”
Chapter Thirty

Early the next morning, Carolina hears the medical staff talking in urgent tones as they attend to Alex. 
I need to wake up and open my eyes. My Baby needs me, thinks Carolina. She listens to the medical staff attend to Alex. 
“Nurse Leigh, what are his vitals?” asks Dr. Adams. He strides quickly to Alex. Dr. Adams quickly inspects him, listening to the Physician’s Assistant update. He inspects his injuries and condition. 
“Dr. Adams, Dr. De La Cruz has a mild concussion, several broken ribs, and mild internal trauma to some organs. He has a high fever of 104 degrees. He has the chills and was shaking when I walked in to check his vitals,” says Nurse Leigh. She glances over at Carolina. She notices that Carolina is trying to open her eyes. 
Dr. Adams notices that Alex has a shortness of breath and is coughing up phlegm. Hmmm, it looks like Dr. De La Cruz has pneumonia. It was most likely the result of his broken ribs and not being able to take deep breaths because of the pain. Not breathing deeply enough can cause mucous and moisture to build up in the lungs causing an infection such as pneumonia. It has not helped that he has not rested, thinks Dr. Adams.
“Nurse Leigh, I need to have an IV started for the antibiotics,” says Dr. Adams. He writes down the prescription. “We need to kill the infection in the lungs.” 
“Okay, Dr. Adams. Can you see to Mrs. De La Cruz? It appears that she’s attempting to wake up,” says Nurse Leigh. 
Yes, the entire medical staff have been praying and calling about her progress. This is truly a miracle, she thinks. She walks out of the room to get the IV and antibiotics.
Dr. Adams turns around to inspect Carolina. Hmm, she’s really gorgeous. I can see why Dr. De La Cruz fell in love with such a beauty. The entire medical staff has been asking for updates on their condition. It has been crazy with all the interest, thinks Dr. Adams.
“Mrs. De La Cruz, can you open your eyes?” asks Dr. Adams. He observes how her eyes are moving quickly as she attempts to open them. 
I need to open my eyes. My Baby needs me. He’s sick with pneumonia. Por favor dios mio, help me, prays Carolina. She forces her eyes to open. 
Carolina moves and opens her eyes. Thank you dios mio, she thinks. She turns to look into the Dr. Adams eyes. This must be Dr. Adams, she thinks. She attempts to speak.
Hmm, she has the most beautiful green eyes, thinks Dr. Adams, smiling. “Mrs. De La Cruz,” says Dr. Adams. He smiles, checking her pupils and vitals. “How are you feeling? I’m Dr. Adams.” 
“Dr. Adams, where’s my husband, Dr. De La Cruz,” asks Carolina. Her eyes tear up, threatening to spill over onto her soft smooth checks. “I need to see him,” her voice sounds raspy from her throat being dry. 
Dr. Adams takes a cup of water, handing it to her. “Mrs. De La Cruz, your husband is in this same room. He’ll be ok. Dr. De La Cruz developed pneumonia. This is a common complication of broken ribs. The patient has trouble taking deep breaths because of the pain. If you don't breathe deep enough, mucous and moisture can build up in the lungs and lead to an infection such as pneumonia,” says Dr. Adams.
Carolina tries to see where Alex is. She’s unable to see him. She tries moving and it is painful. She stops, moaning with pain. 
“Mrs. De La Cruz, you need to move slowly. You have been in bed for a few days,” says Dr. Adams. He tries to assist her into a sitting position by moving the bed up and putting some pillows at her back. “Is that better?”
“Yes, Dr. Adams,” says Carolina. She’s able to see Alex sleeping on another bed across from her. “He’ll be okay?”
“Yes, Mrs. De La Cruz. We will start him on the antibiotics and he should be recovered in a few weeks,” says Dr. Adams. He writes down her progress in her medical chart. “I will suggest that you rest. I’ll ask the Physician’s Assistant to get you some food.” 
“Thank you, Dr. Adams,” says Carolina. She watches Alex. Thank you, dios mio, that my Baby is alive. Thank you for saving my bebes, prays Carolina. 
“Mrs. De La Cruz, I’ll return in an hour to monitor your and Dr. De La Cruz’s condition,” says Dr. Adams. He walks out of the room to attend to the other patients.
Carolina watches as the Physician’s Assistant starts the IV in Alex’s arm. She starts the antibiotics. “Mrs. De La Cruz, how are you feeling? It’s wonderful that you’re conscious,” says Nurse Leigh. She smiles at Carolina. “The entire medical staff has been praying for your and Dr. De La Cruz’s recovery,”
“I’m doing better. Please tell the medical staff, thanks for their prayers. I would love to have my husband’s cell phone. Can you please get it from his personal bag?” 
“Yes, I can. I’ll be back in a few,” says Nurse Leigh. She walks out in search of Alex’s bag. 
I want to call my new familia and tell them that my Baby is sick. I also want them to bring me some clothes in case they release me soon, thinks Carolina. 
Nurse Leigh returns with the cell phone and hands it over to Carolina. “Mrs. De La Cruz, here’s the cell phone. I’ll be bringing you something to eat in a bit,” says Nurse Leigh. 
“Thank you,” replies Carolina. She takes the cell phone and starts to look up the names to call Bella. Hmmm, I know that she’ll call Alex’s padres and tell them. Okay, here’s her number.
The phone rings. “Hola, Alex?” says Bella. I wonder what’s up, she thinks.
“Hola Bella, this is Carolina,” says Carolina. She’s a little shy. “I’m calling because my Alex is sick with pneumonia. I wanted you to know and tell your padres.” 
“Wow! Oh, Dios mio. Carolina, you’re up? This is fantastic. I’ll call and tell my padres that Alex is sick. Is there anything that you need?” asks Bella. She smiling that Carolina finally woke up. 
“Si, Bella. I need a change of clothes. I need some pants, top, undies, shoes. I don’t know if I’m going to be discharged soon. I know that Alex will be in the hospital for a while. I just want to make sure that I have some clothes,” says Carolina, embarrassed. “I hope that it is not an inconvenience.” 
“Wow! Oh, Dios mio. Carolina, you’re part of the familia. It’s no bother. We’re always here for each other. No worries. What’s your size?” says Bella. 
She sounds so sweet. Yeah I bet that she’s real small. She truly is real bella, Bella thinks. She writes down the sizes.
“Gracias Bella, I really appreciate it. Si, I wear a size small on tops, in pants it is a size six, but now I think it’ll be best if you get me size eight. My shoes size is eight. My bra is 34C, hmm maybe 34D now, small in undies,” says Carolina, blushing embarrassed.
“Yeah, I knew you would be small. But damn, girl, you have some boobs,” says Bella, laughing. “I’ll get you some outfits. I’ll be there later this evening with Greg. My padres will be there in a bit.”
“Gracias, Bella,” says Carolina. She glances at Alex. She smiles relieved. He looks better.
“Okay, Caro, I’ll see ya later,” says Bella. She ends the call. Immediately, she calls her Mama. 
“Mama,” says Bella.
“Si, mi hija,” says Mama Maria, smiling. “Que pasa (what’s up)?”
“Mama, I got a call from Carolina. She’s awake now. She said that Alex has pneumonia and she wants us to know,” says Bella. “She also wants me to get her some clothes. She thinks that she might get discharged soon.” 
“I want to thank you, dios mio (my god). Thank you for healing Carolina. Now she’s awake. My niño has pneumonia. Dios mio, please heal Alex. I’ll tell your padre so we can go and see him. Gracias, mi hija, for letting me know. You’re going to get Carolina some clothes?” 
“Si, Mama, don’t worry about that,” says Bella, nodding. “I’ll get her some clothes and take them to her later tonight. Maybe you should take her something good to eat.” 
“Si, mi hija, that’s great idea,” says Mama Maria, smiling. She ends the call, turning to tell her esposo Jose Arturo. “Carolina is awake now. We need to go and see them at the hospital. Alex has pneumonia.” 
“Okay, Maria.” Jose Arturo nods.
“We need to stop and get them something to eat,” says Mama Maria. “I’m excited that we get to talk to Carolina.”
Chapter Thirty-One

Oh, Dios mio, por favor (please) help Alex get well. I love him with my entire heart. I want to go to the casa and start our life. She looks at Alex sleep, with the IV in his arm. His familia is going to be my familia and this makes me very happy. 
Hmmm, my bebes are beautiful. Alex has made me very happy. Yes, the bebe’s look like me, but I bet they’re going to be as smart as Alex. I’m so hungry. The food that they sent me was not filling. It was some applesauce, half a banana, and some yogurt. Yeah, I know it was healthy, but I’m hungry, she thinks. 
My bebes are kicking like crazy and they’re hungry. My Baby always made sure that I ate well and now I know why. He always knew that I was pregnant and wanted to wait until I told him. He is so amazing and I love him so much. 
Hmm, I think Alex’s padres are coming down the hall. I remember their voices. Carolina turns to look at the door smiling, as they walk into the room.
“Hola, buenas tardes (Hi, good afternoon),” says Carolina. She’s a little shy, looking at Alex’s Padres. 
Oh yes, his padres (parents) are real attractive and that’s why my Baby is so beautiful. His Mama has the dimples and his Papa has the beautiful green eyes, muses Carolina. 
“Hola, mi hija. Como estas (how are you)?” asks Mama Maria. She smiles, flashing her dimples. “We brought you a burrito. I hope you like it.” 
“Oh si, muchas gracias (thank you), I’m really hungry,” says Carolina. She smiles, taking the bag that was offered. “It smells wonderful.” 
“I hope you enjoy it. How is Alex?” asks Mama Maria. She turns to look at Alex in his bed hooked up with an IV and oxygen mask. 
She walks over to where he is. She strokes his hand. “Mi hijo,” says Mama Maria. She speaks to him, waiting to see if he’ll respond. 
“Oh yes, I will, I love burritos,” says Carolina. She takes a bite out of it. She moans with pleasure. Si, this is real good. She eats with pleasure. 
“Si, mi hija, it looks like your enjoying you burrito,” says Papa Jose Arturo. He watches Carolina. Si, she’s very lovely and mi hijo loves her. This makes me very happy. He turns to look at Alex start to open his eyes to look at his mama. Alex will be okay, but he looks like he hurts. “Mi hijo, are you awake? How are you feeling?” 
Alex opens his eyes and gazes into his mama’s eyes. Oh yeah, my padres (parents) are in heaven with the bebes (babies), He tries to smile. Damn, my ribs hurt and it hurts to breathe. I know that I’ll get well eventually, but I wish we could go home now. “Better.” He whispers with effort, closing his beautiful green eyes. 
“Mi hijo, don’t talk. We know that you’re going to be in the hospital a little while,” says Mama Maria. She strokes his head with tenderness. “Bella will be here later and is bringing Carolina some clothes. Carolina is awake.”
This news makes Alex very happy. He turns to look at Carolina eating a burrito with pleasure. My Baby is hungry.
He smiles. He’s thrilled that she’s awake. He watches her eat. “Baby,” he whispers.
Carolina hears Alex and turns to look at him, smiling. “Alex, you’re awake. Your Padres brought me a burrito. I was so hungry and the bebes were kicking like crazy. How are you feeling?” asks Carolina. She takes a drink of her juice.
“Okay,” says Alex. He’s extremely happy that she’s awake and healthy. 
“Alex, the doctors would most likely discharge me. I asked Bella to bring me some clothes. I’m going to stay here with you until you get discharged,” says Carolina. She looks at Alex.
“Si,” says Alex. I love my Baby. Damn, she’s so bella and sweet. 
“I’ll have your room clean. Do you want it painted also?” asks Mama Maria.
“Yes, please. Can you ask Monique if she can decorate it for my Carolina,” asks Alex. His voice is faint. 
Damn this hurts. No wonder all of my patients almost always get pneumonia. “Ask my Baby what color she wants.” 
“Yes, mi hijo, that sounds like a great idea. We can have it ready for when you return home,” says Mama Maria. She’s thrilled with Alex’s marriage. She’s happy with the bebes and that they’ll be with them for a while. She turns to Carolina. “Mi hija, do you know what color you would like the room to be painted and decorated?” 
“Hmmm, that sounds wonderful. Alex, I like blues what about you?” asks Carolina. She’s thinking that would be a great color for both of them.
“Si, Baby,” says Alex. He attempts to smile at her. Yeah, blues would be good.
“Si, I’ll have Monique select the right shades and linens. I know that she’ll make the room beautiful,” says Mama Maria, smiling. She takes out her cell to make the call to Monique.
“Mi hija, are you busy?” asks Mama Maria, looking at Carolina. She observes that Carolina is starting to get a nice color on her cheeks. “Monique, I wanted to ask you for a favor. Can you assist us in decorating Alex’s room? They would like it in blue. I need you to order the paint so the painters can start tomorrow. I want you to select the linens, drapes, and accessories.”
“Si, Senora. I’ll love to assist you in decorating Alex’s room. Would you be getting new furniture?” asks Monique, looking at all the blue shades. “Do they want light blue or dark blue?”
“Mi hija, do you want the blue to be dark or light blue,” asks Mama Maria. 
She considers Carolina’s amazed face. Hmmm, she’s not used to getting everything done immediately. She doesn’t know that she can get anything she wants, muses Mama Maria.
Carolina glances over at Alex for guidance. 
“Baby, whatever you want,” says Alex, in a low tone. He watches Carolina’s lost look. I really need to tell her not to worry about the cost.
“Baby, you don’t need to worry about the cost,” mumbles Alex. 
Carolina looks at Alex, a little surprised. All of the expense that we’ve done lately has been a lot. I don’t want to get in debt. 
“Alex?” asks Carolina. She turns to look at his Padres, who are smiling. “Okay, light blues with silver would be great.”
“Monique, Carolina likes light blue with silver,” says Mama Maria, nodding. Si, I’m happy with those colors. Those colors would look beautiful. “I would think something celestial.” 
Mama Maria turns to look at Carolina smiling in agreement, nodding. 
“Si, that sounds real nice, I’ll order everything today so we can have it done by the time they get home,” says Monique, smiling. “I’ll get the measurements taken in a little bit. I’ll send Lucy to take them.”
“Ok, mi hija that sounds great. Don’t forget to change the carpet. Yes, maybe a nice shade that would look silvery. I think that you need to give Bella some furniture catalogs that Carolina can select from,” says Mama Maria. She nods, pleased with the idea. “Mi hija, we also need to make sure we can have some cribs that she can select from. It would be great to have them match the bedroom.” 
“Oh, that is a great idea. This is going to be fun and incredible. The light blue with silver leans itself to lots of possibilities. We can really do something magical for them and the bebes,” says Monique, excited. “Do you want me to also include the bano (bathroom)?”
“Si, mi hija, the entire room and the bano would be nice. I also want you to think on redoing the living room. I’m so excited and we need to get everything ready for all of my nietos,” says Mama Maria. She’s ecstatic and turns to look at Carolina’s amazed face. 
“Si, I’ll send over the catalog with Bella so Carolina can select her furniture and cribs,” says Monique, grinning. She pulls out the catalogs. “We can order the furniture and it will arrive by Friday.” 
“Si, that sounds ideal,” says Mama Maria, nodding. “Gracias, mi hija.”
“De nada (it’s nothing),” says Monique, smiling. She starts to select the colors and materials to make three boards for her to select from. 
This is so exciting, thinks Monique. She looks at the furniture that would go with the scheme. I’ll give this to Bella to have Carolina select the one she likes.

Mama Maria turns to look at Alex with a raised eyebrow. I wonder why he hasn’t told Carolina that he’s wealthy, muses Mama Maria.
“Never got around to it and si, you can tell her,” says Alex. 
He smiles knowing how amazed Carolina would be. She’s already amazed with the huge amount of money that I spent in Vegas. 
“Mi hija, Bella is going to bring over some boards for you to select the material, furniture for your room,” says Mama Maria. She looks at Carolina’s amazed face. “Don’t worry about the expense. Mi hijo can afford it.” She smiles, looking at her eyes get wide.
“Baby, but we’ll need the money for the bebes!” says Carolina. She turns to look at Alex concern. “I probably will only be able to work for a little while longer.” 
“Baby, you don’t need to worry,” says Alex. He attempts to speak without hurting. “I can afford it.” 
He looks at his Mama Maria. “Mama, can you please tell her?”
“Carolina, mi hijo is very wealthy,” says Mama Maria. She enjoys seeing her surprise. 
Carolina glances at Alex, raising an eyebrow.
“Si, Baby. I don’t want you to work,” says Alex, his tone of voice soft and low. He’s trying not to move. 
“Oh, dios mio (omg),” says Carolina. She gazes at Alex and his Padres, stunned. “You never told me.”
“Baby, I was going to tell you when I took you to my casa,” says Alex. He smiles a small smile. “Please relax and enjoy your life with me.”
Carolina looks at them and blinks. This is unbelievable. I never dreamed that I would marry a rich man. He doesn’t even act like it. “Alex, you’re sure?” 
I just can’t believe it. I need to talk to him later about it, muses Carolina.
“Uh, huh, can we talk about it later when you’re feeling better?” asks Carolina. She smiles, with tears in her eyes. I want to hug Alex. I’m so confused, she thinks. 
My Baby is confused and scared. I know she wants to talk to me. She wants to be close to me. “Papa, please bring Carolina over to me,” he asks his papa.
“Si, mi hijo,” says Papa Jose Arturo. He turns to pick up Carolina in his arms. He takes her to Alex. She really doesn’t weigh that much, he thinks. He sets her gently at Alex’s side.
“Mi hija, please don’t be upset and don’t worry. Everything is going to be okay,” says Mama Maria. She gazes at Carolina, with concern. 
She’s not real sure or happy with this knowledge. I wonder what caused this fear. Is she scared that Alex wouldn’t love her enough and forever? muses Mama Maria. 
His mama covers Carolina with Alex’s cover. Hmm, she does love mi hijo and Alex loves her. Everything will be okay. They need to talk, she thinks.
Alex wraps his arm around her shoulder, pulling her close to him. Hmm, the medication is starting to work and the pain is not too bad. Good, because I need to talk and love my Baby. My padres will be leaving in a bit, muses Alex. He leans in to give her a soft beso (kiss). 
Hmmm, my Alex is the same hombre (man) with money and without. I don’t know why I got upset. He loves me no matter what. I can feel it. I love how he smells and feels, she thinks. She sighs, resting her head on his shoulder and rests her arm around his waist. 
“Mis hijos, we need to go,” says Mama Maria, smiling. “I’ll send some dinner with Bella.”
“Si, we’ll be back tomorrow,” says Papa Jose Arturo. He looks at Alex and his esposa. They need to talk, he thinks.
“Si, gracias,” says Alex, smiling. I know that they want to give me some time alone to talk to Carolina, he thinks. He strokes her silky hair. 
“Adios (good bye) and gracias (thanks),” says Carolina. She turns, smiling at Alex’s Padres. “I’ll be waiting for your visit.” She turns back to hug Alex.
Chapter Thirty-Two

Carolina has her arms around Alex’s neck, enjoying all of his besos (kisses). My Baby is real hungry. I can feel him, she thinks. She moves her hand down under the blanket. She touches him, making him moan with pleasure. 
Hmmm, I want to taste him. She pulls back from his beso (kiss). “Baby, I want to taste you,” she says. 
She smiles wickedly. I love to see his hot passionate eyes. I love how he looks at me. 
“Baby,” he whispers. He sees her go down the blanket to love him, making him go insane. Damn, it feels like it’s been forever since we’ve made love. I miss her. “Si Baby, it feels good.” He whimpers as he reaches his release. 
“Baby, I miss making love,” says Carolina. She rests her back on the bed, snuggling close to him. She hugs him, gazing into his eyes. “Te amo (I love you).” 
Alex moves, kissing her deeply. Hmmm, she’s so delicious and I want some. I know that we can’t make love. I could get even worse, muses Alex.
Alex hugs her tighter, loving how she feels next to him. “Baby, te amo (I love you),” he whispers. He continues to kiss her. 
Hmmm, my Baby is so delicious and I love him, thinks Carolina. She hugs him tight, lost in their amor. 
Bella and Greg walk into the room. “Okay, were here with the food,” says Bella. She looks at Alex and Carolina pull away.
“Carolina, I’m happy to see that you’re doing well. Wow, you really do have beautiful eyes.” 
Greg sees them and starts to grin. I know that they wish that they were in casa. Carolina is a very bella mujer. I see way Alex doesn’t want to leave her side, thinks Greg.
“Hola,” says Carolina, blushing. She feels Alex pull her close.
She smiles at Bella. “I’m so happy to meet you. You do look like my Alex.”
“Yeah, I do, but I’m prettier,” says Bella, grinning. She feels Greg pull her into his arms. 
“Si, I think so,” says Greg. He laughs, looking at Alex’s scowl. 
“Sister, don’t be such a brat,” says Alex. He gives Carolina a beso (kiss) on the temple.
“Carolina, I brought you two some food that my Mama made. I also brought you some boards of decorating schemes for you to select for your room,” says Bella, smiling. “I told Monique that I want her do my room also.” 
“Oh wow, this is exciting. Alex, I want you to help me select one for our room,” says Carolina. She turns to look at Alex, beaming. 
“Si, Baby,” says Alex. I love her excitement. I know that she has never had the opportunity to pick whatever she likes. This makes it even more enjoyable, making her happy.
Bella gives them their food, putting it on the mobile table. She sets the table in front of them. “We also brought you something to drink. The food is really good. My mama made some enchiladas and they’re delicious,” says Bella, smiling at them.
“Alex, I heard that you got pneumonia. How long will it take for you to get better?” asks Greg, pulling Bella onto his lap next to Alex and Carolina’s bed. 
“Hmmm, these are delicious,” says Carolina. With pleasure, she takes a drink. “Alex, you never told me that your Mama cooks such delicious food. I want to learn how to cook when we’re at your casa,” says Carolina. She’s thrilled with the idea. “Bella, do you know how to cook like your mama?”
“Baby, you cook good food also,” says Alex. He grins at Carolina. “You only cook different from my Mama. You cook like the north of Mexico.”
“Si, Carolina, I learned how to cook a lot of the foods that my Mama cooks,” replies Bella, nodding her head. 
“Baby, you’re going to have to cook for me soon,” says Greg. He pulls her closer to him. Hmmm, I’m so lucky to have such an incredible mujer, thinks Greg.
“Si, Baby, I will,” says Bella, nodding. She turns to give him a beso (kiss). 
“Carolina, here’s the boards with the decorating schemes that Monique made for you,” says Bella. She hands Carolina the boards. “I think that they’re all so beautiful.”
“Omg, look how beautiful this one is. Alex, can you see how beautiful the blue with the silver is? The cribs match the furniture,” says Carolina. She’s excited, looking at the room that’s on the board. “I really like this one.” 
She turns to look at the other boards. Wow, Monique is really a great decorator. I don’t know which one I like the most, muses Carolina. 
“Si, Baby, that’s really nice,” says Alex. I love watching her. I know that she’s starting to get confused and overwhelmed. “Do you want the one with the matching cribs?” 
“I knew it would be difficult to pick one. I really liked all of them,” says Bella, smiling. “The furniture is awesome. I think that you can take the furniture to your casa when you have one. I know that the painting and drapes wouldn’t be a big issue.”
“Really! What do you think Alex?” asks Carolina. She gazes at Alex for some help. “I like the first one.”
“Si, that one is really nice and I know it wouldn’t be an issue to take the furniture to our casa. Bella is correct, we can paint and install the same carpet in our casa,” says Alex, nodding. 
He smiles, loving to please her. The one that Carolina selects is really nice. “Baby, keep in mind that it’ll be a while until we get our casa. We need to find one and then it takes a while to get the casa in our names. The bebes will be here and it will be the holidays. I’m thinking that we might be getting into our casa in the New Year.” 
“Okay, we want this one,” says Carolina. She grins, handing Bella the boards. “We only need to get the bebes clothes, strollers, and car seats.”
“Oh, I think you selected the best one,” says Bella, nodding. 
“I know Bella. We have a lot of errands to do. It’s great that Monique is doing the decorating for us. I know that I’m going to be here for a few days at the very least,” says Alex. He looks at Carolina. “Carolina might get discharged soon. I want her to stay with me. I’ll need you and mama to take her to the casa to take a shower and relax a little during the mornings.” 
“Si, hermano, I agree. I brought Carolina some outfits that she can wear when she gets discharged. I also managed to get your belongings from your car. Everything is at home,” says Bella. “Your car is a total loss. The other carrier is waiting for you to get out of the hospital to talk to you. I used the Power of Attorney that we had on file. It was still good.”
“Thanks, Bella,” replies Alex.
“Okay, I’ll be back in the morning, Carolina. I’ll take you home if you’re discharged,” says Bella. 
“Okay, thank you Bella,” says Carolina, nodding. 
“Adios,” says Alex. “Thanks.”
“No worries,” says Greg, nodding. 
“Si, no worries, you know we always have each other’s backs,” replies Bella, nodding. She leans down and gives Carolina and Alex a beso (kiss) on their temples. 

Chapter Thirty-Three

Alex waits until they’re alone to give her lots besos (kisses). “Baby, te amo (I love you),” he says, with hunger. Hmmm, I wish I could love her. I’ll have to wait until we’re home.
“Alex, te amo,” says Carolina. Her amor shines from her beautiful green eyes. “I was so afraid that I had lost you in the accident. I’m also so ashamed that I wanted to die. I didn’t want to live without you. I’m sorry, I didn’t even think of our bebes.” 
This is amazing. My baby truly loves me. She’s wasn’t going to even try to fight to live. What if I was out for a few days longer? I could’ve lost her. Oh dios mio (omg), thank you for taking care of Carolina and my bebes. “Baby, te amo. We now need to focus on our future and our bebes.” 
“Oh, yes Alex, te amo.” She snuggles closer, hearing his heartbeat. “Alex, you’re my amor with or without money. I just want you.”
“Oh Baby, I know. Te amo, I love you. I don’t want you to work anymore. I want you to take care of me and our bebe’s,” says Alex. He lifts her face up to gaze into her beautiful eyes. “I’m able to give you everything you want and need. I know that you’ll always be anxious about money, but I don’t want you to worry about money. I want you to tell me what you want for our casa, our bebe’s, and our life. I want to make you very happy.” 
Carolina sees all of his amor in his eyes. She tries not to cry. “Alex, all I want is you,” she whispers. She moves up to give him a beso (kiss). 
“Alex, I need you,” she kisses his neck, going up to his jaw, up to his lips. Hmmm, he tastes so delicious, she thinks.
“Baby, I know and we have to wait until we get home,” he smiles. His amor and pasion glow from his beautiful green eyes. “I need to get well.”
“Si, Alex I know,” she says. She kisses and hugs him. “I’m not hurting you?”
“No, Baby you’re not. The pain medication is finally working. Baby, I’m really rich and so is everyone in my familia.” He looks at her.
“Si, Alex, I understand. I only want what you want. I want our casa, our bebes and our life to be very happy. The money will only make our life comfortable,” says Carolina. She gazes into his eyes, smiling.
“Baby, my familia feels that way about the money. We all live simple lives, but very comfortable. We buy what we need and what we want. We don’t spend like crazy. That’s how we were raised. That’s why I work. I work because I want to be useful and help people. I was thinking of asking to work only part time. I really want to spend most of my life with you and our bebes. Baby, you know that I will want more bebes?” he asks, grinning.
“Alex, I want lots of bebes. You make me very happy. I was a little scared that you wouldn’t want me later if you’re so rich.” Carolina’s huge wide eyes gaze into his. 
“Baby, you’re my life,” he says. He kisses her with the intense strong emotions that he feels for her. My entire heart and alma is seared to hers.
About The Author
P.T. Macias (Patricia), resides in Sacramento, California, with her loving husband, children, and family. She adores her four beautiful grandchildren. She was born and raised in San Jose, California. Patricia loves going on cruises, to concerts, eating white peaches, pistachio ice cream, and drinking margaritas. She’s an avid reader and enjoys reading romance, paranormal, intrigue, suspense, and thrillers.
She loves writing about drama, suspense, and intrigue. She throws in a dash of love and passion. Patricia is intrigued with the different types and depths of love. Love is powerful and motivates an individual. She’s fascinated with the physiological, spiritual, and psychological process that love creates. The range and facets of love an individual is capable of feeling is what she strives to illustrate in her stories.
Patricia loves the paranormal genre. She finds this genre an exciting challenge and enjoys writing about the sexy vhampiers, werewolves, dragons, and other entities. Her greatest thrill in writing the paranormal genre is the limitless range of characteristics, powers, and weaknesses available to develop her characters' and entities' realms.
Her champions are amazing, strong men. They're intelligent, sexy, and passionate men that love with their entire beings.
The lovely ladies in her stories capture the men's hearts. They're smart, sexy, and full of love. The ladies blossom, mature, and complete the heroes.
Enjoy P.T. Macias' signature theme of intense passion, organized crime, and military paranormal mystery thrillers. These series are addictive! They will take you on an incredible journey of love, passion, and surrender! 
Genre ~ Steamy Romance, Paranormal Mysteries, Intriguing Suspense Thrillers
About The Series

The hot-blooded De La Cruz Saga familia battles the deadly Mexican cartel to protect their fortune, amor (love) and familia (family). They encounter romance, tantalizing ecstasy, and danger. Dare to read the awesome De La Cruz Saga!
A Tempest of Love, Steamy Romance, Intrigue, And Suspense. Leaves You Wanting More!
Razer 8 takes you into the world of organized crime, kidnapping, politics, military romance and suspense thrillers. Delta Force Elite Ops are full of passion. Enjoy these amazing passionate men, a thrilling ride of suspense, and a dash of love.
Tequila 10 is a new series, full of paranormal entities. Werewolves, vhampiers, dragons, a weretiger, and a sorcerer are the supernatural personalities and realm's enforcers. The special operatives work with the government, using their special abilities but they also have their own agenda. These Special Operatives monitor the supernatural community, even as they are swept into a whirlwind of love, secrets, truths, and untold passions. The supernatural realms are threatened and endangered. Time is running out! The enforcers are desperate to stop the menace.
Secret Sexy Passions is the newest hot sexy series. An incredible journey of love, surrender, and passion.
 
Sinfully Addicting Series By P.T. Macias!
Leaves You Wanting More!
De La Cruz Saga Series
Hot Adorable Amor Book 1
Hot Forbidden Amor Book 2
Hot Enchanting Amor Book 3
Hot Spoiled Amor Book 4
Hot Dangerous Amor Book 5
Hot Sassy Amor Book 6
Hot Spicy Amor Book 7
Hot Wild Amor Book 8
Hot Angel Amor Book 9
Hot Sexy Amor Book 10
Hot Lovable Amor Book 11
Hot Naughty Amor Book 12
Razer 8 Series
Loco
Ghost
Bulldog
Redfox
Phantom
Panther
Thunder
Lightning
Tequila 10 Series
Darlin Storm
Blushing Dawn
Wild Rebel
Secret Sexy Passions Series
Becoming Her Master
Bittersweet Dreams
Author Links
Stalk Me! Love Me! Share Me!
https://twitter.com/pt_macias 
https://www.facebook.com/pages/PT-Macias/319871778087970 
https://twitter.com/pt_macias 
https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/6035548.P_T_Macias
http://ptmacias.com/
Enjoy 2 #FREE eBooks! 
Loco, Razer 8 and Hot Adorable Amor, De La Cruz Saga!  
Check them out!
 

