

A Chance to Live

By Marina English


Copyright 2011 Marina English

Smashwords Edition
 
All rights reserved.

This book is a work of fiction, at least regarding the main characters and their interactions, and any resemblance to real persons living or dead is puely coincidental. However most of the locations and historical accounts are real.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for purchasing this ebook, which is licensed for your personal use only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. 

~***~


PROLOGUE
June 1995, Moscow

This amazing story of deadly passion and unwavering family loyalty was revealed to me in a most unusual way, beginning at Moscow’s Sheremet’evo Airport, where I was waiting for my flight to New York. I was going to America to attend an annual book fair in Boston and I could barely believe it, as being raised in the Soviet Union I could never have dreamed of being able to go to any of the so called ‘Western countries’. I considered myself extremely lucky, though I’m not one of those people who rely on good luck or complain about their bad luck if things go wrong. I think it’s more important to spot a chance in life and to grab it when given. That’s what I did when the publishing house in Boston became interested in translating my latest book and publishing it in America. I agreed terms and signed the contract. And so there I was, on my way to the New World!
I had been invited to present my latest book at the book fair, which was very exciting. But I was also supposed to do some lecturing at the University of Boston, and that made me extremely nervous! I am not a lecturer, I am not even a historian, but a writer of fiction. It’s just that I had written a number of essays, which attempted to analyse the tragedy of the Russian people in different historical epochs, and luckily my work aroused some interest in America. The problem was how to cover in just a few lectures the tragedy of that vast country, which had been tormented for decades if not for centuries? Being a writer, I thought that it would be so much better, if I could describe the fate of a few people. To develop believable characters that people could care about and identify with.
I was sitting in the comfortable armchair in the departure lounge for the first class passengers, nonchalantly watching my would-be fellow passengers, who walked around, crossing the lounge, using the stairs, having a drink in the bar, talking, reading, laughing or just being quiet. Watching all these people had drawn me into a philosophical mood, and I started wondering what they were doing with their chances in life, and whether they considered themselves lucky or not.
I had noticed one of my fellow travellers, a handsome and well groomed man in his mid thirties, who was sitting at the bar sipping his cognac. He glanced at me over the rim of his glass and as our eyes met, he grinned and raised his glass in a cheerful salute. He certainly looked content with life! I smiled back and wondered if it would be of any interest to start a conversation, but at that moment a barely readable voice on the public address system interrupted my thoughts, announcing something, first in Russian and then in English, and some passengers began moving towards the departure gate.  Managing to hear the words ‘New York’ amongst the cacophony of sounds, I moved with the rest of the passengers.
My vis-à-vis also stood up and started walking smoothly, almost gliding past other passengers with the grace of a professional dancer. I must confess that I was intrigued, who was this man? He must be well off to be able to go to America as a first class passenger, so perhaps he was a famous ballet dancer who I failed to recognise? Or maybe he was an American, going back after visiting Russia? After I had boarded, I was pleasantly surprised to find that the man who had drawn my attention and stirred my imagination, happened to be my neighbour on the plane. So I took my chance and started talking to him, and that is how the story unfolded.
Often do we read these words at the opening of a book of fiction, “This book is not based on real events. Any similarity between characters and events of the book and real people and events is accidental. This is a work of fiction”. Well, this fascinating story is based on real events, and was relayed to me by a complete stranger – only specific details and people’s names were changed, for obvious reasons. We talked throughout the long flight to New York, rather I mostly listened to my new acquaintance who was going to America to promote his new entertainment project.
My new companion – I called him Slava Kot – told me the story of his life, which was entwined in the most fascinating way with the lives of his dearest friends. With nostalgic feeling he spoke about those who were close to him all the years when he was on the way to success. What a kaleidoscope of events: passion, hatred, betrayal, envy, rivalry, even murder all coming together in this exciting story.


~***~


Part One

Chapter 1
1962-1980, Leningrad
Slava Kot

Slava’s life seemed destined to be dull and disappointing, until he met the two men who were to become his dearest friends. He was born into a middle class Jewish family, in Leningrad (Tzar Nickolas II renamed St Petersburg as Petrograd in 1914, and the communists renamed it Leningrad in 1924 and back to St Petersburg on 06 September 1991). His parents were both ‘people of art’, as they put it themselves, in reality they played in the Philharmonics. Neither of them was especially talented, but they could tell good music from bad and they encouraged their son in his musical interests. As with many Jewish families, their son was considered a genius child, a very talented boy. Slava could pick up tunes by ear and naturally sang in tune, and was often moved to tears or ecstasy by his favourite music. He was eager to perform any role required just as long as he could interact with an audience, he beamed with pride and joy when they applauded him – he just loved performing. His school specialised in teaching music and English, and he was an enthusiastic pupil. His ambition was to study at the Academy of Music and to become a famous composer.
But being Jewish in the Soviet Union meant one could be denied certain opportunities, and becoming a student of a privileged institution was one of them. The examiners had very strict instructions about those eligible to pass the entrance exams, which didn’t normally include Jewish applicants who would have to enchant the examiner in order to pass. And it so happened that the ‘young genius’ of the Kot family, was failed by the examiners. It was the first heavy blow that the young man had ever received in his life.
Slava’s father managed, through his numerous ‘connections’, to get his son a job as an assistant in the Philharmonics where his parents worked. It wasn’t much, the money was nearly nonexistent and it wasn’t at all exciting, but it was a job and being jobless in the Soviet Union was not an option as it was a criminal offence. Slava hated his job because it had nothing to do with his idea of becoming famous. It was so humiliating for a real talent like him, to accept the miserable position of an ‘errand boy’, as he was called in the orchestra.
Slava’s dull life at the Philharmonics started to change when two very talented older musicians took an interest in him – Eugeny Krassilnokov was 35, and Felix Kaplan at 45 seemed really old! They found Slava interesting and even invited him for a coffee, which made the lad very happy and he swaggered with pride. That day was the beginning of their friendship, and they soon became inseparable. Slava constantly boasted about his new and influential friends. Little did he know that meeting Eugeny and Felix would change his life forever, drawing him into an exciting new world. A world ruled by passions, a world where people loved and murdered to protect their love, sacrificing outsiders in order to protect themselves.
Slava had grown up in the atmosphere of admiration and adoration among his family and their friends and was used to the company of older people, so he felt comfortable with his new friends. Especially when they both praised his instrumental and singing skills, always finding words sweet to the ears of this vain young man, “You have such talent . . .  and oh my, you have such style . . .  everyone will love you.” Besides, they were generous and always paid for Slava when they went out together. They bought him clothes and always provided surprise presents for their ‘little boy’ – real sugar daddies. Although he was just seventeen, he preferred the company of his new friends to anybody else.
Eugeny was strikingly handsome and always dressed immaculately in a smart suit and shirt, he taught young Slava to appreciate good clothes. “You must not try to economise on your clothes,” he used to say. “Remember that a mean man pays twice. It’s always worth having a pair of expensive shoes and a designer shirt or two in your wardrobe; you can then improvise with your other stuff and always look classy.”
Felix was lean and tall with a handsome face that, miraculously, looked tanned all the year, and his salt-and-pepper hair was always cut to the latest fashion. Felix’s influence and Eugeny’s good nature protected Slava from the teasing by the musicians, and shielded him from many of the world’s injustices. They were maybe overprotective, as if they didn’t want the outer world to touch their Slava, as if they wanted him to stay innocent and pure forever.
Both Felix and Eugeny were very talented musicians. They would spend hours playing music, improvising, composing, or just talking about their work. Slava loved being around them, just listening and watching these two inspired musicians. They became his teachers and role models, gladly sharing their skills with the lad, helping him to develop his natural talents. Slava became a frequent visitor in both Felix’s and Eugeny’s homes – the two friends lived in adjacent apartments. Also, Felix’s daughter Kira was married to Eugeny, so they all were part of one big family. Unfortunately Felix’s wife, Svetlana, had been paralysed in a car accident some years ago, but Slava really liked her as she was always cheerful and friendly, always treating him with cookies and affectionately teasing him about his job at the theatre, “Our young manager.”
But it was Felix’s mother, Eleonora, that Slava liked most of all. Although quite old she was still a classy lady and she always dressed immaculately. She had a calm and dignified presence that made an impression on people, even on young men. She used to be a talented singer and was very popular in pre-war times. Slava was star-struck and admired her enormously, becoming fascinated with her life story.


~***~


Chapter 2
1917-1923, Petrograd
Eleonora

Eleonora hadn’t had an easy life. She came from a respectable Jewish family in St Petersburg (renamed as Petrograd in 1914), where her father was the well known jeweller, Isaac Shapiro. The family was extremely rich, and there were rumours that Isaac sponsored the Tzar’s expenses when young Nickolas had overrun the limit of the crown’s funds.
Isaac and his wife Rachel had three children, but no male heir. Isaac often teased that they would have to wait for a grandson to take over the family business, as he couldn’t imagine a woman in charge of it. The girls were brought up in the traditional middle class way, with governesses and tutors to educate them and to teach etiquette. They were a remarkable threesome, all very good looking, fluent in three languages and able to play several musical instruments. They also showed talent in singing, especially Eleonora, who was serious in her preparation for a career on the stage. Of the three sisters, she was the most determined and knew what she wanted.
“You should have been born a boy,” Isaac often laughed, as his daughter surprised him with her assertive behaviour. “But don’t worry,” he went on, “I’ll find you a good husband and you will settle down at home and concentrate on giving me healthy grandsons!”
Eleonora didn’t want to upset her father, and she would never dream of disobeying him, but her dreams lay elsewhere: she wanted to become a singer and to perform on the stage. As for marriage, she didn’t want to think about it yet. One day she would meet a handsome and talented young man, and they would fall in love. And only then would she think of having a family of her own – her dearest father would have to wait.
The First World War was bad for Isaac’s business. He lost a lot of his money, and things got worse after the Bolsheviks, led by Lenin, took power in 1917. The so called ‘bourgeoisie’, the business community and other people with money, were driven from their grand properties into communal apartments. Isaac and his family had to move from their three storey house into two rooms of a communal apartment, where they had to share a common kitchen and bathroom with two other families. Isaac not only lost his money, he also lost his spirit. There was no hope, no way out for him and his family, and he was desperate. Now there was nothing left for him but sit by the window day after day, looking at people walking, running, fighting, killing each other in the street below.
Isaac managed to hide some golden jewellery. His most precious and beautiful pieces were meant for the girls when they got married. But in the winter of 1917-1918 Isaac’s family became destitute, there was nothing left to eat, so Rachel decided to take a risk and sell some of their jewellery, which was potentially dangerous with murderous criminals everywhere. She took a small golden ring and went to the market to try and exchange it for food. She never came back! Her husband and daughters never found out what had happened to her. Isaac couldn’t believe that his dearest wife was gone. He stayed awake at night, listening to every noise from the street, and he ran to the door every time there was a knock on it. Finally he became so exhausted from grief and fatigue that the girls persuaded him to go to bed. There he stayed for days.
There was no other option: one of the girls had to find a job. Esther, the eldest girl at 18, considered herself extremely lucky when she found a job as a secretary for a Red Army Commander. It was indeed a great luck, as it not only provided them with money for living, but also gave them some security. Unfortunately, the Commander took a fancy to this beautiful young girl. He was married but it didn’t make any difference, he wanted her and she had to comply or forget the job and watch her family suffer. It was a terrible disgrace for a respectable girl from a good Jewish family.
All the years that Esther worked with the Commander, Eleonora felt guilty that her sister had to sacrifice her happiness for the sake of the family. Eleonora was desperate to take at least some burden from Esther’s shoulders. She looked for a job, but wherever she tried to apply the men looked at her hungrily and made lustful remarks that spooked her – she was terrified of following in her sister’s footsteps. It was her love of theatre and music that helped in the end.
Eleonora was looking for a job in one of the big hotels but there was nothing for her. She was about to leave when the sound of laughter and chatter attracted her attention. Looking back she saw a group of young men coming down the stairs. Some of them were carrying musical instruments. It was a jazz band, one of the first jazz bands in Soviet Russia. Eleonora stopped and stared at the young men; they all looked so boyish and yet so serious with all their instruments. The group was nearly by the main entrance, when one of them, a tall and slim man in long black coat and broad-brimmed hat looked back at Eleonora. He had a lean face with a long thin nose and a wide mouth. He looked down at her with his slightly slant light grey eyes, and a broad grin suddenly spread across his lips, “Hello there! I wonder if you are not too busy tonight to come with us to listen to some good music?”
“Are you talking to me?” Eleonora asked in amazement. “You want me to come with you?” 
“I certainly do! And I bet you won’t be disappointed! We’re a group of pretty good musicians!”
The girl was still uncertain, it was all happening so quickly, she didn’t know if she could trust these people as they were complete strangers. But her uncertainty lasted only a couple of seconds. “All right, I’ll come with you, thank you,” she said shyly.
“Come on then, don’t make the guys wait!” and he offered her his hand.
“By the way, I’m David, David Kaplan,” he said, pulling Eleonora into the big car which was waiting at the hotel entrance. “And who are you?”
“I’m Eleonora . . .”
“The name is as beautiful as its owner,” said the young musician.
That evening turned up to be the beginning of new life for Eleonora. She and David fell for each other – it was love at first sight. They couldn’t spend a day without seeing each other. It was all as Eleonora had imagined and better! She had met the man of her dreams: kind and full of good humour, sensitive and intelligent, and seeming to know her every need. Besides, they shared the same passion for music.
David was the only son of the musician and composer Felix Kaplan, who was well known in Russia and in Europe. Old Felix wanted his son to be a musician too, and David had been playing music for as long as he could remember. David’s family were very particular about a future wife for their son: she would have to be from a respectable Jewish family, and preferably with musical background. Eleonora was a perfect match. At first Eleonora just followed David and his group to their performances, but in a couple of weeks she started singing with them and this turned out to be a great success. She had a beautiful voice and she could sing anything from a romance to an operatic piece. She had begun to realise her dream. Soon she will be earning a lot of money, and Esther will be able to leave her hateful job. The young couple became engaged, and started planning their wedding. Eleonora couldn’t imagine herself any happier: everything was going her way. Sometimes, when she went to bed in the evening, she lay with her eyes wide open, picturing her family’s future and thinking, I must have been born under a lucky star, after all!
However fate interrupted this happy period, and it ended as abruptly as it had started. Firstly Eleonora’s younger sister Moira, who had been poorly for a long time, died. The family was devastated and the wedding, of course, had to be postponed. Old Isaac became bedridden. He resembled a helpless child now, so Esther and Eleonora had to take turns to look after him. David often came to help and played for the old man, who seemed to be recovering slowly. In about a month he was out of danger and began to go out on his own to take slow walks along the Neva River.
A new date for the wedding was set, and Eleonora started to make a list of the guests. Then another disaster came out of the blue: Esther found out that she was pregnant. For several years she had slept with her boss, the Red Army Commander, and none of her relatives had suspected that Esther was in fact a sex toy for a married man. Now that she was pregnant, concealing the reality was not going to be easy, it was necessary to do something.
“I don’t know what to do,” cried Esther in desperation, hugging Eleonora. “Can you think of any way out? Anything . . . ?”
Eleonora held her sister, crying softly, “I’m at a loss, I can’t think of anything . . . You know Esther, I think we need to confess to Father, maybe he can think of a way out. He’s our only hope . . .”
Isaac took the news surprisingly calmly. He sat leaning back in his favourite armchair by the window, and only the tense grip of his hands on the shabby wooden arms of the old chair showed his distress. As Eleonora stood facing him, she suddenly realised how old he had grown, how pale and tortured his skinny face looked, how completely white his hair had become. And yet, he was the head of the family, he was the father whose little girl had been disgraced, and it was his responsibility to find a way out.
“Why didn’t you tell me earlier?” He asked Eleonora in a barely audible voice. “Do I not deserve your confidence? Have I ever treated you badly or been rude with you? Haven’t your mother and I taught you to rely on us, your parents? You have offended me deeply by your mistrust.”
Eleonora burst out crying and went on her knees, embracing her father. “Forgive me Father, it was all my fault! Esther confided in me and I was afraid to tell you. I’m sorry, I’m so sorry! I thought you would be mad at her and make her leave her job, but we couldn’t survive without it.” Eleonora couldn’t talk any more as uncontrollable sobs shook her body.
Isaac caressed her hair tenderly. “Do not cry my little girl. I know how hard it was for you. And Esther, poor, poor girl . . .  my dear daughter . . . so brave . . . so unhappy. I should have guessed, yes, I should have realised what the truth was. I didn’t want to know. I was so preoccupied with my sorrow that I forgot my own daughters. Never, never leave your children in trouble. Do you hear me? Never give up on fighting for them. It was my fault, and I am going to make it up to you. Don’t worry, your father will take care of everything.” The girls went to bed, hoping for the best.
The next day, after Esther and Eleonora had left the apartment, Isaac went to see the Commander. The old man didn’t tell anybody about his decision, he wanted to act on his own and to try and reason with the officer. There was a guard by the entrance door, at the head of balustraded steps. The old man spoke to the guard, “My name is Isaac Shapiro. I’d like to see the Commander . . .”
“What is your business?” asked the guard, who was just a young lad, not a hardened soldier.
“Err  . . . a private matter,” Isaac stuttered nervously. “It’s a strictly private matter.”
“You’ll have to wait there,” the guard said pointing to the bottom of the steps, well away from the entrance. “I’ll inform the Commander’s secretary,” and he dismissed Isaac with a wave of his hand.
After half-an-hour waiting Isaac was cold, ill, and on the verge of collapsing. Another half hour passed and still no result. The old man sat down on a step trying to keep warm, hugging himself with his arms. He could hardly remember why he was there, what he was doing in this cold. When finally the security guard came up to Isaac to tell him to go away (the Commander had no intention to see him), the old man was lying down and barely breathing. The guard didn’t want any trouble during his duty, so he called an ambulance and told the doctor that he had no idea who the sick man was and why he was lying on the steps.
Old Isaac was taken to hospital. It was several hours until the doctor saw him, and by then the old man’s condition had seriously deteriorated and he was delirious and feverish. The doctor noticed that the old patient was wearing good clean clothes and didn’t look like a tramp or a drunk, so he had the unconscious man taken into the emergency unit, where they did what they could to help him.
Eleonora only noticed her father’s absence when she came home in the evening, accompanied by David who had come to see Isaac. It was clear that the old man hadn’t been in since morning, as the food was left untouched on the window sill, where Eleonora had put it in the morning to keep it cool. It was clear that something bad had happened. The neighbours were unaware of Isaac’s whereabouts. “He left about nine,” said the girl from the room next door. “I was just leaving for school. He was dressed in his good coat.” Eleonora panicked: her father had left in the morning, wearing his best overcoat, the one he only put on for special occasions.
“We must go round the hospitals, check out if he was admitted into the emergency,” said David, who was trying to keep calm and coolheaded. “I’ll find a cab. Wait for me here.”
At the third hospital they were told that an old man without any ID had been admitted two hours earlier. And it was Isaac, lying in bed in the emergency unit, unaware of his daughter’s presence. Nobody could answer Eleonora’s “What? Why? How? Where?” She was devastated. The doctor said that the old man had been delivered by an ambulance from the Big Building on Liteiny. Ordinary people didn’t go to this building as it housed the secret police in Petrograd. Why would the old man want to go there?
“Esther, it’s because of Esther!” Eleonora suddenly guessed. “He went to talk to the Commander! What have they done to him! Oh, Father!”  She remembered her conversation with Isaac the day before. “It was me who told him about Esther! It is my fault!”
Eleonora burst into tears and couldn’t stop even as David held her close and whispered in her ear: “Shhhhh my dear, keep quiet, you don’t want to talk about family affairs here. Let’s go home now.” Crying desperately, she followed him.
Later that evening, when Esther came home and was told the news, she was devastated, and the girls spent a sleepless nigh, crying and comforting each other.  Next day David accompanied both daughters to the hospital, where they were told that Isaac had died in his sleep during the night.
“Oh, my God, it’s all my fault! It’s because of me!” That was all Esther managed to say. No matter how hard Eleonora and David tried to reason with her, Esther remained distraught. She didn’t say a word or cry during the funeral, just sat there with dry pain laden eyes, staring at something only she knew.
The day after the funeral Esther disappeared. Poor Eleonora didn’t know what to think. Unfortunately, the mystery became clear by the end of the day as the girl’s body was found in the back room at her workplace. She had hung herself. There was no suicide note, but everything was clear. Hearing the news about Esther, Eleonora fainted. Mercifully, she fell into a trance, oblivious to reality and to pain.
Later, when Eleonora thought about the tragedies of that winter, she couldn’t recollect the months which followed her sister’s suicide. They all turned into one horrible night full of pain and confusion. It was only thanks to David, due to the connections he had in the medical world, that Eleonora stayed alive and kept her sanity. By the end of the spring she started recognising David and responding to his questions, and in the first month of the summer, during the long white nights, David took Eleonora on her first walk. She was still very weak and had to hold tightly on David’s arm. But she was moving on her own, breathing deeply the fresh air from the Neva and looking at the grand river as if it was the first time she had seen it. By and by her interest in life returned.
They sat on the bench on the promenade, the sky pale blue above them, the water leaden gray. “We are going to get married as soon as you are stronger,” said David, “and then we are going to move to Moscow, I have a contract with the symphony orchestra.”
Eleonora turned her head slowly and looked her fiancé in the eyes, “Yes, take me away from here.”
The wedding wasn’t as grandiose as it had been originally planned, only close friends and relatives were invited, but still it was a wedding and Eleonora was happy. A new life lay ahead in Moscow. She had lost all her family, but she was now married, and David was her entire world.  It was a bit scary to leave everything behind and to move to a different place, but at the same time exciting. However, she had a feeling that she would come back one day, that she was not saying goodbye to her home town for ever.


~***~


Chapter 3
1923 - 1941, Moscow
Eleonora, David, Felix

Moscow was a lot busier than Petrograd, brash and less refined, but there was a lot of work for musicians. David was kept busy and worked most evenings. He conducted the big symphony orchestra, he played first violin in the Bolshoi Theatre orchestra, he composed, he did some teaching in the conservatoire, every day involved with the passion of his life: music.
Eleonora’s singing career steadily developed, soon her lovely voice and charming presence made her one of the most loved performers of Russian romance. David had earned quite a reputation as a conductor and a musician, and was well paid which made him relatively well off. Eleonora didn’t have any of those little domestic problems which drove many other women mad. She always had the best food, wore nice clothes, and they had a big apartment in a prestigious building, with other creative people, such as musicians and actors as their neighbours. Her musical career was surprisingly successful, not as great as her husband’s, but steady and fulfilling, keeping her busy and bringing in some extra money that could be used for the little luxuries of life. It was the happiest period in the young couple’s life.
In the spring of 1934, Eleonora became pregnant. The news was very exciting for both her and David. The pregnancy was easy, Eleonora felt very well and looked radiant. She resembled the Madonna, with deep dark eyes and a faint smile on her lips, and black wavy hair that framed her delicate features. Eleonora still performed on the stage but at the end of the seventh month, when her pregnancy became more obvious, she decided to take a break.
“I’m giving up, if not for good, then at least for several years,” she said to David. “I want to have a healthy baby, and I don’t want to leave it in the care of a nanny. I want to look after it myself.” David was so happy that he would have agreed to anything his wife wanted.
Eleonora went into labour on a cold and clear February morning. David was still asleep, and she had to wake him up. “It’s time,” she said, “the baby is coming!” David was shaking all over as he got dressed and helped his wife into her fur-coat. They went out into a frosty dawn, with the sky half dark blue and half blazing scarlet. David hailed a cab, and in twenty minutes they were at the hospital. Another couple of minutes, and Eleonora was on her way to the delivery room.
The delivery was not as easy as Eleonora had anticipated and took the best part of the day. When the nurse finally came down to tell the news to David, he was barely alive out of anxiety for Eleonora.
“All is fine, daddy! You have a beautiful son!” the nurse’s words seemed to be coming from far away.
“How is she? How is my wife?” David was on his feet in a moment, ready to act, to do something, though he didn’t know what. “Is she all right? Can I see her?”
The nurse laughed, “I don’t remember seeing any other new father who was quite as impatient as you! Go home now, rest, and then come again tomorrow. Your wife is fine, don’t worry. She’s resting now.”
And so David had to go home and wait. He thought he would not be able to sleep, but the moment his head touched the pillow, he fell deeply asleep.
Eleonora and the baby were home in a week, and during that week David had learned everything he could about babies: the hours of their feeding and sleeping; the reasons they cry or don’t cry; the ways of dressing the newly-born to keep them warm, but not make them sweaty; the right way of giving them a bath, etc. If he could, he would have learned to breastfeed.
 There was no question about the child’s name: he had to be Felix, named after his grandad, just as David had been named after his.
Eleonora and David turned out to be wonderful parents, their little son meant everything to them. Felix was growing up in a world of love and understanding, a tender and sensitive boy, perhaps a little shy. His problems, no matter how important they seemed to him, always seemed to be easily solved with the help of his loving parents
Felix first started to play the piano when he was just two. From a very early age he heard music and songs at home, they became the essence of his life. It was as natural for him to sing, as it was to speak: his first spoken words were the verses of his favourite song. Eleonora didn’t go back to the stage, she stayed at home, teaching Felix to play the piano, to sing, to read and write. By the age of five the boy could read, and played the piano beautifully, so David decided that it was time to start teaching his son to play another instrument, the violin. Eleonora often took Felix to the theatre, especially when his father was conducting. The boy made friends with all the musicians, who adored the child and admired his natural musical talent. Felix hardly ever played with other boys of his age; his mother preferred to keep him by her side, providing him with all the company he needed. Little Felix adored his parents, and the three of them enjoyed every free minute together.
In the summer of 1941 David had two weeks off, and the family planned to go to Leningrad (Petrograd was renamed as Leningrad in 1924), to spend time with Felix’s grandparents. Felix was very excited about the trip, he loved travelling, and more than anything, he was looking forward to going to the seaside with his grandad. The tickets were bought for the first of July - they had to remain in Moscow until then, as in June there were still some concerts for David to conduct. The Kaplans never made their trip to Leningrad: on 22nd of June 1941 the Germans attacked the Soviet Union.


~***~


Chapter 4
September 1980, Leningrad, Sochi.
Slava Kot

Slava eagerly anticipated his eighteenth birthday but with some impatience, like a child waiting for Christmas. He was sure his friends would think of something special, something unforgettable, something wonderful! There was a family dinner planned for midday, with all aunts, uncles and cousins coming to wish him happy birthday. Getting together was a good chance to gossip about those who couldn’t make it to the party, and to criticise the Government.
But the main reason why hardly any of the Kot clan would miss this gathering was the superb food. Even during these unstable times at the beginning of the eighties, Slava’s mother Ira and grandmother Fanya managed to create culinary masterpieces in their kitchen, and those invited to the party usually hadn’t had a proper meal for ages so as to maximise their appetite!
Slava enjoyed mixing with his family and relatives, but he couldn’t stop thinking about the evening, when he was going out with Eugeny and Felix. It was going to be a surprise: the two friends hadn’t told their ‘little boy’ where they were taking him. Finally the doorbell rang and Slava rushed to answer it. There were two men at the door, Felix and Eugeny, and they looked really impressive. Upon seeing them, all the women, young and not so young, started making silly remarks and laughing louder than usual. Slava’s friends were charming with the ladies, but they declined the invitation to stay and excusing themselves for taking away the birthday boy, they left.
“It’s time for the men’s games now, our boy is grown up,” Eugeny said, flashing his snow-white smile at the audience and closing the door behind him. As soon as the door closed, the women all started talking at once, interrupting each other, the object of their interest being the two attractive men, and the same question was asked by more than one: ARE THEY MARRIED? There were enough single women who would love to  . . .  Mikhail, Slava’s father quickly cooled the ladies down, “Yes, of course these two men are married, Eugeny is Felix’s son-in-law.”
The two friends led Slava to the waiting taxi. “Where are we going?” the young man asked when he saw that the driver was turning into the road leading away from the centre.
“You’ll see. It’s a surprise! Close your eyes and don’t open them until we tell you," said Eugeny. Slava, grinning happily, closed his eyes and leaned back on his seat.
In about half an hour the taxi came to a final stop and Slava was allowed to open his eyes. He was surprised to see that the car had brought them to the airport. Of all places! The airport restaurant was certainly not the best choice for the special celebration, and Slava couldn’t hide his disappointment. But his friends seemed not to notice his mood, as they lead the way to the departure lounge. “Where are we going?” Slava was really intrigued. The reality was better than anything he could imagine. They were going to Sochi! Eugeny and Felix were taking their young friend to the hotel in the mountains, to celebrate his birthday in an especially reserved large suite with a sea view and the stars looking down from the black southern sky!
At the hotel a big table was laid with such generosity that Slava got completely lost, not knowing even where to look. Meat, salads, cheese, fruit, nuts, and of course wine! Wonderful red wines, sourced from famous regions in Abkhazia and Georgia. There was only one waiter serving at the table, and the big suite was at their disposal. After the three friends had finished the main course and emptied two bottles of wine, Slava became slightly drunk but both Felix and Eugeny seemed completely sober.
“Now, our dear friend, let’s drink to you!” Felix said. “Today is the day when you become a grown-up man. Eugeny and I want you to enjoy this day and to remember it, forever and ever. Here, I’ve opened this bottle of Champagne, which has been kept in the wine cellars for eighteen years! It was waiting for you. I propose this toast to you and to our love!” and with these words Felix came closer to Slava, embraced the young man and kissed him on the lips with a long and passionate kiss.
Slava felt some strange sensation, Felix’s lips were so hot that they almost burnt and sent an exciting feeling down his neck, chest, and to his groins, his legs trembling so hard that the young man had to break the kiss and collapsed in the chair. His face was blushing and he didn’t dare look at Felix, who stood there expectantly and breathing heavily.
Eugeny stood up and came up to the two friends. He crouched in front of Slava, taking his hands and trying to look into the young man’s face. “Slavik, look at me my love. You know Felix and I love you, don’t you? You must have guessed it was not just fatherly love! We love you with all our hearts, and we want you to be happy with us. We know how to make you happy! You are one of us, Slava. Tell me, have you ever kissed a girl? Have you ever had any sexual fantasies about girls? Have you ever imagined yourself making love to a woman?”
Slava slowly raised his head and looked in his friend’s face. There was so much passion and lust in this face that Slava again felt aroused. The answers to Eugeny’s questions were all no. No, Slava had never felt any interest in girls; they annoyed him with their stupid giggles, they always tried to show off, not to mention their moods. In fact, he was more or less intimidated by girls. Only his mother had always understood her baby; she explained to him that he had to be very careful with the girls, never to trust them. A girl would seduce a nice lad only to get pregnant and make the unfortunate lad marry her and then take care of her for the rest of his life. Slava felt confident with older men like his friends but he never thought of love.
“What do you mean, one of us?” was all he managed to ask. Felix knelt on the floor besides Eugeny. Now both friends were facing Slava and holding his hands.
“Listen, my love,” said Eugeny. “Life is not as primitive as the communists want us to believe. And the most important thing in life is love. The most important and the most beautiful thing. There are no boundaries for love, no restrictions, and no limits. Love is not always between a man and a woman. Love could be between men or between women. It has always been like that, there’s no need to close one’s eyes on that fact. Same sex love is described in the classical books. There’s nothing more pure and wonderful than love between two men. They are free, they both give and take equally, there’s no fear of getting pregnant. We, Felix and I, have been sexual partners for nearly twenty years, and never have we regretted our relationship. When we came to know you, my boy, we both started experiencing the same: it was a very tender feeling, and yet it was a feeling of lust for a very sexy male. Yes, don’t blush! You are extremely sexy! You don’t yet realize your own power over other men. We’ve noticed that you take no interest in girls. You were born this way, and you must be proud of yourself. And Felix and I will help you understand yourself.”
Slava was holding his friends’ hands and listening to Eugeny. The young man’s first surprise and embarrassment gave way to joy and exhilaration. There! It was happening to him! He was loved and was going to experience sex. He was the happiest one in the world! Of course Slava had heard about same sex lovers. Boys at school used to tell dirty jokes about ‘pederasts’ or ‘gays’. It was a criminal offence in the Soviet Union to be homosexual; people were sent to prison and treated dreadfully by the real outlaws. Hardly any man of non-traditional sexual orientation had ever managed to get back from prison as a normal, sane human being. But Eugeny had just said that he and Felix had been together for nearly twenty years? And nobody had ever suspected? Well, all the questions can be answered later. Now there’s time for other things and Slava moved his head to meet the passionate lips of the two men.
Slava’s first sexual experience left him exhausted and happy. He drifted to sleep still in his friends’ arms: it was hard to see the boundaries of where Eugeny was and where Felix was – the three men were as one. In the morning, over the first cup of coffee, Slava started asking his questions. The story his lovers told him was far more fascinating than any book he had ever read, and now he, Slava, was really becoming a part of it! The two men had to hide their feelings from everybody; their relationship could never become public. It was not possible to be openly homosexual in Soviet Russia. It was illegal and would attract a long prison sentence, which was a fate worse than death – tormented by guards and inmates, repeatedly raped and beaten. Also, it would have been impossible to get a desirable job if their secret was known. A single man in the Soviet Union would immediately raise suspicions, and our friends understood that they would have to get married if they didn’t want to cause too much interest from their neighbours and colleagues. But how could they be married and at the same time remain free, so they could love each other and enjoy each other’s company?
Eugeny started the story of his life by telling Slava about his parents, Klava his mother and Gregory his father. He was a wonderful story-teller, remembering a lot of detail from the life of the people who were long dead, describing their relationship and even the events that were happening in the country during different periods of their lives. Slava listened in enchantment. He felt as if he had been taken back in time.  It all started long before he was even born.


~***~


Chapter 5
1936 – 1940, Krasnodar, Murmansk, Kazakhstan, Belarus.
Klava

Klava was only 18 when she met Gregory Krassilnikov. He was a graduate from a military school in Krasnodar, a lieutenant. Meeting an officer was a chance to find a good husband for a young girl like Klava. Klava’s family lived in a small town near Krasnodar, in the south of Russia, not far from the Black sea. Her family was nothing to be proud of: her father who was always drunk, her miserable mother who looked sixty at the age of forty, and her two elder sisters who at the age of twenty and nineteen were already married to heavy drinkers. In fact, drinking was not considered something evil or even abnormal in the small town where Klava’s family lived. Work hard and drink hard, that was the norm.
Klava was desperate to escape the drab life of her native town. She was a pretty girl, with big dark brown eyes, very long black eyelashes, and long wavy chestnut hair. Ever since Klava was a little girl, she knew that she was beautiful – everybody said that! There was no mirror in their house, and little Klava looked at her reflections in all shiny surfaces that were handy, and she liked what she saw there! All the boys at school were after her, and even the older men looked with interest since she developed a womanly shape, but she wisely declined all of them. She knew what she wanted: to be a general’s wife. A strange idea for a girl growing up in the Soviet Union in the 1930s, when everybody was building socialism, and even thinking about being rich was dangerous. Klava had her idea from an old man, a local fool, who was always lingering in the market square, begging for some kopeks, so that he could buy himself a drink. If there were any listeners, the old fool would tell them amazing stories from his past. He used to be an adjutant to a general in the Russian army. All these stories were mainly about the general’s life, the parties which were held in the general’s mansion, the clothes and gems belonging to his wife and daughter. Nobody paid much attention to the words of the old man, anyway, who wants to know about the life of a rich general in the czarist army before the Revolution? But for Klava these stories were the essence of her life. She saw herself as a general’s wife in beautiful clothes, going to parties, visiting the opera, and buying gems and paintings.
Klava knew that to be a general’s wife, she had to marry a lieutenant. She didn’t mind. The thing was to find the right lieutenant. And when she saw Gregory, she knew that he was the one. They met at the military school, where Gregory and the other 49 young officers were having a graduation party. It was a privilege for a girl to be invited to this party, Klava was the best pupil at her school, and she was also very active as a Komsomol (All-Union Leninist Communist Youth League) member, which of course was necessary for every young man or woman. So she became one of the happy girls to attend the graduation ceremony at the military school. She even had to say a small speech from the lectern, congratulating the graduates and wishing them to be brave in serving their Socialist Motherland.
After all the speeches the band started playing, and the most exciting part of the evening began: the dancing. The girls were shyly giggling as they stood along the walls, while the newly-baked lieutenants stood in the middle of the dance floor, making jokes and laughing too loudly, smoking nervously, and pretending not to be interested in female company. Finally, one by one, the young men started inviting the girls to dance.
Klava danced with several young men, but all the time she was aware of a tall lean dark-blond officer who was standing by the window smoking. Klava could feel him staring at her when she wasn’t looking. When the band began playing another waltz, Klava remained standing by the wall, looking at him with a light half-smile on her lips. He met her gaze, dropped his cigarette into the bin, and crossed the dance floor towards Klava.
“Why are you smiling?” was his first question. “Are you laughing at me?”
“I’m smiling, because I can see that you want to dance with me, but are waiting for some reason. Is it a good reason? Because there are a lot of eager boys!” And this time she really laughed and put her hand on his shoulder.
“None of them deserve you,” was the answer, and the young officer led Klava to the middle of the dance floor. “I’m Gregory,” he said during their second dance. “And you are Klavdia. I’ve heard your name announced before you made your speech. Nice name.”
“Call me Klava,” said the girl, “it’s only when my father wants to punish me, that he calls me Klavdia.” 
“All right, then I will call you Klava.”
After the party Gregory escorted Klava back to the students’ hostel where all the girls were staying. “I want to see you again tomorrow, Klava,” he said. “I’ll meet you at the entrance to the central park at 11 a.m.”
“Why are you so sure I’ll be there? I’m not used to be told what to do by the boys!” answered the girl, who was really very pleased to get an invitation for a date from Gregory.
“Then you’d better get used to it, as I always get what I want,” was the answer, and Gregory turned round and left.
The next day was Sunday, and there were a lot of people walking in the park. Gregory and Klava walked under the shady old trees. The young officer bought Klava an ice cream. “This is the second time in my life, that I’ve had an ice cream,” the girl said, happily licking the sweet cold treat. “It’s delicious! I love it! When I’m a general’s wife, I’ll have ice cream every day!” And she suddenly stopped, realising that she had said too much. But Gregory continued walking.
“Then you’ll have to marry me, as I’m going to be a general,” he said, not looking at the blushing girl.
“Are you proposing to me?” Klava asked.
“Sort of, “Gregory answered and looked Klava in the eye unsmiling. “Marry me, will you?”
And Klava found herself answering happily, “Yes!”
They got married in the registration office the very next day, and Klava went back home to collect her things and tell her family that she was leaving. Her father shouted, and her mother cried, and her sisters hissed enviously behind her back, but Klava didn’t pay any attention. She collected her scarce possessions, kissed everybody goodbye and went to the market square to catch a bus for Krasnodar. The old fool was at his usual place, already drunk. Klava handed him a rouble – a lot of money by his standard! “Good bye, I’m off to become a general’s wife,” she said. “Take care.” She was long gone, but the old man was still sitting on the dusty pavement, looking at the crumpled note in his hand.
Early Tuesday morning Gregory was on the train carrying him to the first posting of his military career and he had a beautiful young wife by his side. She was part of the big plan: to build a successful career a young officer had to be a Communist Party member and be married. Gregory was on the way to fulfil his ambition, to become a general. He had been a party member since the early years of his service in the Red army as a common soldier, and now his new wife was his ticket to better career. The two young people hadn’t found love, but they had found each other – a perfect match of ambitions.
They arrived at his first posting on a bright morning in early July. The garrison was located near Murmansk, in the north of the Soviet Union. Even though it was the middle of the summer, it was rather cold, and as days went by, it became colder and colder. At first, during the summer months, the sun never went down completely; it circled the sky, hanging low over the horizon. There were so many mosquitoes and other blood sucking insects zooming around, that the air seemed to be buzzing all the time. Klava suffered from insect bites, from the cold in the officers’ barracks where the young couple lodged for several months, from bad food and dirty linen. Most of all she suffered from lack of company. Klava was a sociable girl, who used to have a lot of friends both girls and boys, she felt lonely in the isolated area where her husband’s garrison was located. Gregory didn’t pay much attention to his young wife; in fact, he behaved as if she didn’t exist. Klava did her best to play the role of an officer’s wife. She kept their little room clean and tidy, that was all she could do. There were no cooking facilities, as everybody was supposed to eat at the canteen, so Klava didn’t have a chance to impress her husband with her culinary abilities. Gregory was always busy at work; he was the best officer in the garrison, appreciated by the senior commanders and feared by the ordinary soldiers.
With the arrival of the winter, it became even harder for Klava to survive. The sun had disappeared completely, there was no distinction between day and night, and it was cold. Really cold. Klava couldn’t even imagine that it could be that cold. Before the New Year Gregory was promoted to senior lieutenant and Klava was very proud of her husband. Unfortunately, Gregory turned out to be a brutal man who often beat his wife when she did something wrong. Rows with loud shouting and breaking dishes were very common, and Klava often had to find refuge with the neighbours. Gregory was very jealous and he kept calling his wife a whore, though she never even looked at other men. Once his senior officer became a witness to such an ugly row, and he called Gregory to his office.
“Comrade Senior Lieutenant, you are our best officer, I was thinking of promoting you, but what is it that I saw today? You had a row with your wife, you used bad words in front of your neighbours, and even worse, in front of your soldiers! What will they think? You are a communist, an officer, you should be an example in your behaviour, and your family should be impeccable! Do you hear me, comrade? You can’t have any blemishes on your reputation if you want to reach a senior rank. Your work is the frontage but your family is the interior, and you must make your interior look as bright and clean as your frontage. Do I make myself clear?”
“Yes, comrade major,” answered Gregory, who had never imagined that his married life could become a threat to his career. From then on he never abused his wife or shouted at her in front of other people. Although he became more cruel, he made sure nobody witnessed it. And of course Klava knew better than to complain, as she knew that Gregory would punish her in subtle ways and without mercy.
In March 1937, Gregory’s regiment was moved to Kazakhstan, to the South-East. At first Klava welcomed the change in their life. The climate seemed to be more pleasant as it was warm and dry, besides, the officers were accommodated in little houses that were separate from the ordinary soldiers’ barracks. The houses were divided into two parts, and Klava’s family shared the house with a young family from Leningrad. As the season moved into the summer, the weather got hotter and hotter, and even for Klava, who had grown up in the South of Russia, the heat was unbearable. But Gregory didn’t seem to notice the change in their environment. He was a good commander, but as cruel a husband as ever. Sometimes Klava thought, What if I leave him, go back to my little town and pretend nothing had ever happened? But she knew better than anyone else that she would never do such a thing. Klava couldn’t leave Gregory. There was too much to lose: he wasn’t a general yet – but he was very likely to be one soon – and she wasn’t a general’s wife. Besides, Klava had a dream: she wanted to live in Moscow. Moscow was the centre of everything, there were shops and theatres in Moscow, people were beautiful and kind, and there were big nice apartments in high blocks, one of which was waiting for her. To make this dream come true Klava put up with her husband’s brutality, extreme cold or awful heat, lack of social life, and bad food. She had to wait until he was a general! She didn’t want to have any children until then. No, she will only have a baby, a beautiful girl, when they settled in Moscow. Gregory didn’t care about children; his career was the only thing that mattered to him.
After two years in the awful heat of Kazakhstan, Gregory was moved to Belarus, close to the western border of the Soviet Union. Klava liked it there. They lived in Brest, which was a big town with shops, cinemas, hairdressers and cafes. Soon after they had moved, Gregory was promoted to captain.
What Klava didn’t know, was that Gregory had been recruited by the NKVD (the Soviet Secret Police from 1934 until 1938 when it was replaced by the KGB) and had been their secret agent since his military school years. He was spying on his colleagues and on their families, reporting all suspicious behaviour. People often talked at their homes, when they had friends around, especially when they got drunk – the officers and their families were no exception. After having a glass or two of vodka, the officers started telling jokes, and often they were the jokes about the Communist party members or the government – sometimes even about Stalin himself. The wives liked complaining to each other about their living conditions and about their husbands. Any of these facts, presented in a particular way, could be the cause of arrest. People were usually arrested in the early morning, a black car arriving quietly at their house, figures in plain clothes entering, waking the unsuspecting residents. Those arrested disappeared for ever, their families never heard from or about them. Sometimes whole families were arrested, the wives as well as the husbands. The children were put in institutions, as they were the children of ‘enemies of the state’ and needed ‘special treatment’.
Gregory had been responsible for the arrest of four colleagues, one of them being the senior officer who had reprimanded him for abusing Klava – Gregory never forgave anything. Whenever Klava felt that Gregory was in his ‘mood’ she would sneak out and go to her friend Nadia, who lived next door. Nadia had a baby, and Klava was always welcome to help with the child. Nadia’s husband was Gregory’s senior officer, a major, and Gregory encouraged his wife’s friendship. The two women often chatted and laughed together, and Klava was nearly as happy as she used to be before she got married.
In September 1939, when the Second World War began, all the officers became engaged in lots of extra activities. It was only across the river Bug in Poland that the Germans were bombing the towns and killing people. It was really frightening. But here, in the Soviet Union, nobody could talk about it freely as it was considered ‘unpatriotic’ to be afraid of the Germans, who at that time were actually allies. Nothing could threaten the Soviet people! Officially, no country in the world would dare to attack the mighty country of Socialism! Still, in the kitchens where the officers’ wives got together over cooking, having tea or smoking, there were often talks about the future, and those talks were not very optimistic.
One rainy evening in late October, Klava was helping Nadia with her child, when the major came home from work. He was soaking wet and definitely in a bad mood. Nadia handed Klava the baby to hold and went to the other room to talk to her husband. Klava could hear the two of them speaking quietly behind the wall.  The major wasn’t aware of Klava’s presence and he talked louder and louder, and after a couple of minutes he was virtually shouting.
“You can’t stay here, you must leave! Go to your parents in Novosibirsk, that will be far enough!” When Nadia tried to protest, he shouted even louder. “It’s not safe here, don’t you understand? I want to protect you and the baby. There’s going to be a War!”
Klava was standing still clutching the baby. War! No! Gregory had told her that the Germans were of no threat to the Soviet Army, they would never attack. It was treacherous to think and to speak about the war. But, what if . . . ? The voices behind the wall got quieter, and in a minute Nadia came back. She was definitely very upset.
“He wants me to go to my parents”, she said with tears streaming down her face. “I don’t want to go! I don’t want to leave him!” and she sobbed desperately.
Klava put the baby in the cradle and hugged her friend. She was about to say something reassuring, when the door opened and Gregory entered the room.
“You should lock your entrance door,” he said with laughter, “I could be a thief !” He stopped looking at the distressed women. “What’s the matter?” his tone changed immediately, it became businesslike and alerted. “What is it, girls? Not the baby?”
“Nadia’s husband wants her to go to Novosibirsk, to her parents,” Klava started to explain.
But she didn’t have a chance to say much, as the major dashed into the room. “Oh, hello again, captain, nice of you to have popped in,” the major tried to lead Gregory out of the room, but Gregory was staying put. “Let’s go to the kitchen, and have a drink. Nadia, dear, have we got any fish left?”
“Your wife seems to be very upset, major,” said Gregory, his eyes never leaving Nadia’s face.
“Err . . .  yes. Yes . . . her mother has suddenly got ill. Nadia is very worried.”
“What is it she is worried about?” asked Gregory.
“Oh, we are not sure yet, looks like her heart . . .”
“Well, perhaps we’d better go then. See you tomorrow, major. Hope your mother gets better soon,” Gregory addressed Nadia, even though she wasn’t looking at him, her face still buried in her hands.
Gregory dragged Klava out of the room and the two of them left the apartment in a hurry. Klava could see that her husband was preoccupied with something.
“Now tell me, but don’t try to lie, I’ll know anyway,” Gregory started right after they closed the door of their apartment behind them. “What is it you were telling me about Nadia’s husband sending her back to Novosibirsk?”
The young woman was completely at a loss. “I have no intention to lie, but that’s what Nadia managed to say before you came in. And she didn’t mention her mother being ill. Perhaps she was going to . . .  And you know what, I’ve overheard something. The major told Nadia that she should go away as it’s too dangerous here. That the war is about to start!” Klava was crying now. “Tell me, is it true? Why don’t you tell me anything! You don’t care about me!”
A slap stopped the hysterics developing. Klava gasped and stared at her husband who was standing in front of her, ready to give her another slap. His face was white with rage.
“Now, stop that innocence, I don’t want to hear about it! Don’t you ever, you hear me? Don’t ever say anything like that again. If I hear you do it, I’ll kill you!” he grabbed Klava by the shoulders and shook her hard, so her head jerked backwards and she cried out in pain.
For a couple of days after this incident Klava was busy at the library helping to sort out books for an orphanage and she hadn’t seen her friend Nadia. On her way home after work on the Sunday, Klava met a group of women talking excitedly. It was from them that Klava found out that the major had been arrested for treason as an enemy of the state. Nadia was also arrested, and the baby was taken away and nobody knew where to. Klava felt as if she was going to faint. Everybody was gasping in horror, talking very quietly to one another, but she left the group and walked home on unsteady feet. Her friend’s words were ringing in her ears: “My husband wants me to go to Novosibirsk . . . !”
What was it? Did Gregory have something to do with the arrest? Why were they arrested after the conversation which Gregory had found out about? Could he be the one to have reported all this? With all these thoughts splitting her head, Klava flew the front door open and ran into the apartment. She didn’t expect Gregory to be home, he usually had evening shifts on Sundays. But he was there, Klava could hear him walking in the bedroom whistling something. He always whistled when he was pleased with himself. Klava opened the bedroom door: the suitcases were lying open on the bed, and her husband was packing his things. He looked up when Klava came in. He didn’t let her say a word.
“Oh, you are early. Now, get your things ready. We are leaving tomorrow.”
“What do you mean, leaving? Why? Where are we going?”
“There’s no time for talk. We have to be ready by the morning. I’m being moved. We are going to Moscow.”


~***~


Chapter 6
1940-1941, Moscow
Klava

Klava’s dream had come true, she was moving to Moscow. The excitement of this great event had overshadowed the negative experiences of the past few weeks. She only remembered about Nadia on the way to the capital, when she and Gregory were on the train.
“He appeared to be a traitor,” came Gregory’s reply, when she asked him what had happened. “He deserved it. Better not to talk about these people. Oh, and by the way, I forgot to tell you: I’ve been promoted to a major.” Even if Klava had any doubts about Gregory’s role in her friend’s arrest, she wasn’t worried about it anymore. Her husband was a major! So close to a general! She was a major’s wife and she was going to live in Moscow! Wasn’t life beautiful? The capital proved to be even better than she had expected. Moscow was very exciting: big blocks of apartments were being built everywhere, the Moscow Underground (Metro) was under construction as well, there were nice green parks designed and monuments erected. But away from the fabled Red Square and Gorky Street and the new constructions, Klava discovered a different Moscow. These were quiet streets just off the centre, with old buildings and ancient trees in small gardens. Klava found it very exciting wandering among these houses with high porches and columns at the entrance, and imagining herself to be the general’s wife and the mistress of such a house. Isn’t life wonderful!
Gregory seemed to be busier than ever, but Klava didn’t mind. She was exploring, discovering new exciting things every day. There were theatres, and Klava suddenly realised that she loved the theatres. Even better she loved going to the opera or concerts and the ballet. She made friends with a young woman, who worked in the Bolshoi selling tickets and ushering customers to their seats. The woman’s name was Tatyana Petrovna, she was only thirty and happily married with two lovely children – a girl and a boy. Though Klava was eight years younger, the two women found that they liked each other’s company, as they had the same interest in music and the theatre. Very often Klava would get to the theatre early and Tatyana would take her behind the stage to watch rehearsals, which Klava loved even more than the actual performance.
Tatyana also introduced Klava to another theatre-lover, Eleonora Kaplan. The three women often talked while the children played. Klava enjoyed listening to their life stories. It was like reading an interesting new book; only real life was even more exciting.
The day before the Germans attacked the USSR, would be remembered by Klava as a day full of sunshine, poplar fluff flying in the air, sweet ice cream melting in the children’s hands and dropping on their bare knees, laughter and chatter, as Klava and friends sat on the grass in the park. The summer of 1941 was unusually hot, and lots of people were spending their Sunday out in the parks and on the banks of the Moskva River, happy and never guessing, that it was to be the last day of peace. Tomorrow was War.


~***~


Chapter 7
1941-1945, Moscow
Eleonora, Felix, Klava

The first months of the war were the hardest. Every morning anxious and frightened people gathered round the ‘metal plates’ (loudspeakers), which were put on the street lamps high above the ground, to listen to the news from the front. The famous newscaster Levitan became part of everybody’s life. His signature broadcast “Attention! Moscow speaking!” stated with certainty and confidence, gave hope for victory. The news was not very good. The German armies were attacking on all fronts, the Soviet troops retreating, leaving city after city. The most massive attack was in the direction of Moscow. The Nazis hoped to seize the capital of the Soviet Union by the end of the summer. Hitler had planned a blitzkrieg, he had not intended to fight in the Russian winter. But the Soviet army and the partisan resistance movements did the impossible, slowing down the Nazi advance and forcing them to fight in the winter.
Stalin remained in Moscow, even though his generals advised him to leave. He appealed to the Russian people to protect the Capital at all costs. The danger of losing Moscow was immense, the suburbs were bombed by German aircraft daily, and German ground forces were advancing rapidly. Stalin was said to be a very superstitious man, he even had his own clairvoyant who advised him on the future. The clairvoyant had predicted the war, and now she was predicting victory, but it was not going to be a quick victory. It would take several years and a lot of sacrifice from the Russian people. If Stalin left Moscow, the city would fall – that was the prediction. So Stalin stayed. He spoke on the radio, asking the Moscovites to help in every way, to sacrifice everything, even life itself, for the great and noble cause of the victory over the enemy. And indeed, the people did the impossible to save their capital from the Nazi invasion.
The emergency volunteer corps (‘opolchenie’) were formed, and every morning men, women and children made their trips to the suburbs to dig the trenches, construct the barricades, put up fences with barbed wire, etc., to stop the German advance. The opolchenie were recruited from the women, old men, teenagers, and the so called ‘intelligentsia’, people of art, music, science, education, who were for various reasons not called up to join the armed forces. The work was really hard, exhausting, and it had to be done in bitterly cold weather. The autumn of 1941 was unusually cold: it was already frosty in October, and by November the ground was covered with snow. Most of the men between the age of 18 and 60 were called up to the military forces.
David Kaplan worked with the opolchenie, building the fortifications on the outskirts of Moscow. They could clearly hear the cannonade from the battlefield, and the sky was lit up with the fires from bombing and shelling. Most of the musicians and their families were evacuated to the territory across the Volga, where they carried on with the concerts. But David and Eleonora, with a group of other musicians, decided to stay in Moscow to support the people, to keep up their spirits with daily performances. David was busy every night, but he still went to the outskirts every morning to help in constructing the fortifications.
Eleonora stayed at home with little Felix during the day.  She begged David not to go to the fortifications, as it was getting more and more dangerous with the German artillery shelling and the Luftwaffe bombing. People were being killed every day but David wouldn’t listen. He was obsessed with the idea of helping to stop the enemy. He was terribly worried about his parents, who had stayed in Leningrad. There was no news from them, as Leningrad was under blockade, surrounded by the Nazis and totally cut-off from the outside world.
Klava also stayed in Moscow, and she often helped Eleonora by looking after little Felix in the evenings. Gregory was fighting at the front, and from time to time she received letters or small parcels from him. These parcels were a real treat, as they contained some tinned meat, dry biscuits or chocolate from the officers’ ration. Klava loved sharing these ‘luxuries’ with her friends. There wasn’t much, as the Soviet army ration was quite frugal, but it was good to have something different. Gregory didn’t write where he was fighting, so Klava and her friends had no idea of his whereabouts. Nor did it matter: it was bad on all fronts.
In November the temperatures dropped as low as -40oC, and it was even more difficult to work on the fortifications. The only good thing was that the German troops, who were not used to the extreme cold, were suffering in their trenches. One frosty morning Eleonora woke up with a start. She had had a bad dream, which she couldn’t properly remember, she could almost catch it and then it was gone again. David was getting ready for his trip to the fortifications. “I’ll be home early today,” he said. “Get my concert costume ready for five o’clock, I’ll need it for the evening performance. They say Comrade Stalin is going to be present tonight!” David kissed Eleonora and Felix, who was still asleep, and left.
When he was gone, Eleonora suddenly remembered her bad dream: it was set on an equally cold winter day in Petrograd. It was the day when her father died. All of a sudden Eleonora realised what had made her wake up: it was the same fear and hopelessness that she had felt on that day long ago. Only it was not about the past, it was about now. David, oh my God, David’s going to be hurt! – she knew deep inside, that she would never see her husband alive again. Later that day, when some people came to the apartment to tell Eleonora that David had been killed instantly by a shell, she wasn’t even shocked. “Yes, I know,” was all she said.
When Klava later remembered those cold winter days of 1941, she always wondered, how they all managed to survive. Klava moved in with Eleonora and her child, as Eleonora was completely incapable of functioning. She wouldn’t eat or drink if Klava didn’t give her some food and water, she wouldn’t sleep and just lay in bed with her dark eyes dry, staring at something only she knew about. Eleonora was unaware of little Felix, and Klava had to take care of the boy. He was a little darling, very easy to look after, undemanding and quiet. Klava told him that daddy had gone away to war, to fight the fascists, and that mummy was unwell.
Good news came in December, when the Germans were actually stopped at the outskirts of Moscow and had to turn back. It was the first good news and it was so important for the defenders of the capital. Eleonora still didn’t respond to the life around her. All her friends tried to help, but they didn’t know how to get her out of the state of deep shock. As it turned out, it was a greater shock that did the trick.
Felix was a well behaved and obedient boy, so Klava decided to leave him alone with his mother while she rushed home to get some food. She told Felix to keep an eye on his mum and not to touch the matches in the kitchen. When Klava left, Felix went to Eleonora’s room. She seemed to be asleep, and the boy sat there for some minutes, watching his mother. Everything was fine, until Felix started to feel bored. He wanted to go for a walk, but Klava had told him to stay at home. The boy decided to go out on the balcony: he would be at home, and yet he would be out. Splendid idea! He put on his coat and hat and opened the door to the balcony. The cold air whooshed in; the day was sunny but frosty and windy.
The balcony was open apart from a shallow metal railing around the edges, the floor was cleared of the snow as Klava kept some food there in the cold. Only on the edges by the railing was there some snow, and ice under it. Some long icicles were hanging down from the edges below the balcony – crystal blue icicles sparkling in the sun. Felix thought they were magic icicles and must have been made of some gemstones! He had to get one for mummy to help her get better. He would lie on his tummy and reach down to the edge under the railing, and he would grab one magic thing for his mum. “I’ll only get one, can I?” The boy asked permission from Father Frost. Felix lay down on his tummy and tried to reach the icicles below the balcony. It didn’t work, the sparkling glassy things were too awkward to reach. “Please, Father Frost, let me get one, for Mummy!” The boy was determined to get his treasure. It seemed a good idea to climb over the railings and reach for the icicles below. So Felix climbed over the railings and tried to reach down. There they were! So close, he actually touched one! One tiny little bit further and he would reach it. At that moment his foot slipped off the icy edge and the boy lost his balance. There was no time to get scared, everything happened so fast. Felix felt that he was falling down and at the last moment he grabbed the metal railings of the balcony. He screamed loud and desperately: “Oh, help me!” The metal railing was cold and slippery, the boy’s little hands started slipping down and he screamed again, “Mummy, help, please! Save me! Mummy!”
In her deep dream Eleonora became aware of a voice, it seemed to be coming from inside of her head. The voice was very familiar, she vaguely knew it but couldn’t place it. She tried to remember – it seemed so important to remember. The voice came again, and this time Eleonora became conscious and aware of the reality. It was her son crying for help! She sat on the bed, frantically scanning the room for Felix. He was nowhere around. She noticed the balcony door standing ajar. The balcony! Eleonora dashed to the open door of the balcony, but her legs were unresponsive after resting so long in her bed. She fell on the floor and crawled to the balcony door. The cold air gave her some energy but everything was happening so fast now, and for Eleonora it seemed as if she was still in her dream.
“Felix! Where are you, child?” At that moment she noticed her son holding on the railings. “Hold on, Felix, I’m coming! Mummy is coming!” Eleonora didn’t know how she got to the railings but in a moment she grabbed her son’s wrists, just as he let go of the slippery metal. Now the boy was hanging from Eleonora’s grip, but she was too weak to pull him back to the balcony. The boy was too heavy, and was slowly pulling her down with him.
This could have been the end of both mother and son, if Klava hadn’t entered the apartment carrying a parcel from Gregory. There was food inside it, and Klava was very happy and excited. The first thing she felt when entering the apartment was the cold. When she left earlier the apartment was relatively warm, as she had burned some wood and old magazines in a stove to warm the air. Now she could feel the frosty draught coming from the end of the corridor. Horrified, Klava ran to the entrance of the bedroom. There she saw her friend bent over the banisters of the balcony gripping the boy’s wrists, as he hung in the air.
That day Eleonora must have woken up with Lady Luck, or was it God who decided it wasn’t Felix’s time to go. Neither was it his mother’s time. Klava reached the two of them in a split of a second and pulled the boy up. Eleonora was still gripping his cold wrists, not realising that the danger was over. “Let him go,” Klava tried to release the grip, but with no success. “You are hurting him, let go! Let’s carry him inside, it’s freezing here!” This seemed to work, and the two women carried the frightened boy inside. There Eleonora finally realised what she had just been through. She could have lost her boy! Her little Felix! She hugged her son tightly and cried. It was the first time since David’s death that she cried. The hot tears seemed to melt the deadly cold in her chest, which had settled there when she realised that her beloved David would never come back. The terrible shock of losing her husband was pushed away by an even greater shock – the fear of losing her child.
Since the day of Felix’s happy escape, Eleonora started recovering. With Klava’s help she took walks near their place, and she often stayed out with Felix as he played in the snow. Eleonora became obsessed with Felix’s welfare, but she was clever enough to let her son play the usual boys’ games. She was always interested in what he was doing, always eager to participate and to help, to advise. She was guiding her son unobtrusively, without him realising it. Eleonora read to Felix, they played the piano together, and she often sang for him. The mother and the son became the best of friends.
By the spring of 1942, after the Germans advance on Moscow was stopped, life in the city became more steady and calm. People still listened to the news from the front every day, they queued for rationed bread and margarine and warmed their apartments with wood and paper burnt in the stoves, but apart from that neither Klava nor Eleonora nor Felix had any major problems. Gregory was still in the army, and apart from the regular parcels and short letters, Klava didn’t hear from him.
The real turn in the war came with the Battle of Stalingrad. The radio sets were never turned off. Every morning started with Levitan’s coverage of the situation on the front. It was very scary at first, but by February it became clear that the Soviet troops were going to win the Battle. And finally the day came, when Klava woke up at 6 in the morning hearing the great news. The German Sixth Army was defeated and the German front was rolled back to the West. It was a real Victory to celebrate! In the Bolshoi Theatre there was a big concert dedicated to the defenders of Stalingrad, and Eleonora was invited to sing. At first she refused – it had been a long time since she sang on the stage – but Klava and Felix persuaded her. It was going to be the first really happy event since the beginning of the war.
The concert was a tremendous success; Eleonora’s singing was met with standing ovations, she had to come back to the stage again and again. And when she was called back for the fourth time, Eleonora addressed the audience.
“I want to sing my husband’s favourite romance, and dedicate it to him - my husband, David Kaplan, who died defending our capital, Moscow. And I would like our son, Felix, to accompany me on the piano. Please, Felix, come up on the stage!”
 Felix, who was sitting in the audience, stood up and approached the stage. Loud applause followed him, and he didn’t feel frightened at all. More than that, the eight-year-old boy was quite confident. He had accompanied his mum so many times, when they performed at home for their friends, and he loved the old romance. As Felix sat down at the piano, the audience went silent. The boy started to play and Eleonora began to sing. With the last sound of the old romance everybody jumped up, and the rapturous applause and shouts of “Bravo!” continued for several minutes. There were tears in Eleonora’s eyes as she and Felix finally left the stage.
After the wonderful evening at the theatre Klava went home happier than ever. To her surprise, she spotted the lights in the windows of her apartment. Someone was there, and then suddenly she realised who it was! With trembling hands Klava unlocked the door and entered the brightly lit apartment. There was a military greatcoat hanging in the entrance hall. Gregory was in the bathroom, putting his things in the tub to wash. Klava came from behind and hugged him tightly. At that moment she loved her husband more than ever. She forgot all his cruelty and rudeness; she was just happy to have him back.
Gregory had been given a week’s leave to see his family after the Stalingrad campaign. He was tired and looked skinny, but he hadn’t been hurt, and that was the main thing. And he had been promoted to a lieutenant-colonel! Klava couldn’t be happier. Gregory didn’t stay at home for long, he was away most of the time – on business, as he said. But Klava didn’t mind. She went to see her friends Eleonora and Tatyana, and the three of them, with Felix as an escort, went to the theatre nearly every evening. Klava actually felt more at ease with Gregory not around, he dominated her, she always felt inferior to him.
After a week in Moscow, Gregory left for the front again. Life was fairly quiet, until Eleonora had the news from Leningrad. She hadn’t heard from her in-laws since the beginning of the war, as Leningrad was surrounded by the Germans. But after the blockade had been broken, she tried many times to contact David’s parents. Now she finally had news about them. Unfortunately, this was not good news: both Felix Kaplan and his wife had died during the famine in the winter of 1941-1942. Lots of people died in Leningrad during that winter. The shops were closed, there was nowhere to buy any food. Those who had some valuables went to the black market to exchange their treasures for bread or sugar. Little did the sufferers in Leningrad know that there was plenty of food in the warehouses. The American supplies were delivered to the city on the Neva regularly. But only ‘the chosen’ were entitled to get the food. Those ‘chosen’ were the families of the Communist Party leaders and the city government. They were having white bread and butter with caviar, while the people in the streets were dying of hunger. These facts were, of course, unknown to the majority of the Soviet people. Only many, many years later was the shocking truth revealed.
In the summer of 1943 the Soviet Troops achieved a victory in the Battle of Kursk, which changed the course of the War. When Klava heard the happy news on the radio, she was with Tatyana at the theatre, sorting out the programmes for the new performance. “Oh, thank God,” said the older woman. “Now the war is going to end soon, and our husbands will come back!” It was, though, nearly two years before the devastating and cruel war finished. Tatyana’s husband came home in the late summer of 1943, he had been badly wounded and had lost his right arm. Klava was worried about Gregory, as she hadn’t heard from him since June.
It was late autumn when Klava received a letter from the front. Her heart beating fast, she tore the envelope open. What struck her immediately was the handwriting: it was not Gregory’s! With her hands shaking badly, Klava started reading. It was from Gregory’s friend, who wrote that Gregory had been badly wounded in the Battle of Kursk. He underwent three operations and had been moved from hospital to hospital several times, until he was finally moved to the hospital for the higher ranking officers in Skhodnya, near Moscow. Gregory was still very weak. He could barely talk and of course he couldn’t write, but his friend wrote the letter for him.
Klava was crying while reading the letter. Her husband was wounded! And badly! How badly? What if he had become an invalid like Tatyana’s husband who had lost an arm? But he was alive, and Skhodnya was not too far, she could go by tram. Next day Klava took an early tram to the outskirts of Moscow, where the hospital was situated. It took her more than an hour to get there. There were ruins everywhere on the way, more and more as she got nearer to the former front line. The hospital was located in an old building, which had shrapnel marks but was otherwise in a good condition. 
Klava asked at the reception where Gregory was located, and with her heart beating madly, she opened the door to the ward. The room was big, there were more than ten beds in it, and on every bed there was a white ‘mummy’. Some of the mummies had their leg of arm uplifted with some device; some had stains on the white bandages that looked like blood. And there was this smell – she thought that it was the smell of death. Klava had never been in a hospital in her whole life. She was a very healthy woman, and she loved life. The sight of the hospital room horrified her. She didn’t know where to look for Gregory, all the mummies looked alike to her.
Then one of the bandaged men lifted his arm and waved to Klava. She quickly walked to his bed, trying not to look at the dreadful red stains on the bandages. “You must be Klava?” Said the man who had waved to her. “There he is,” and the man pointed to a motionless figure on the bed by the window. “Talk to him, wake him up if he’s asleep. He was just talking about you, he was waiting for you . . . you know.”
Klava slowly went up to the bed and bent down to get a better look. Yes, it was her husband. It was Gregory, but he was different. Older and so thin! His face was a yellowish inhuman colour, and his head was heavily bandaged.  Gregory must have sensed Klava’s presence and opened his eyes. They were full of pain, and for a minute Klava didn’t know if her Gregory had recognised her. But then his lips slowly moved in an effort to say something.
“Grisha!” Klava cried out and sat on the edge of the bed seizing his hand.
“Klava, you came to me, I was waiting for you.” Gregory hardly had enough energy for these words. He closed his eyes again. Klava stayed by his side not knowing what to do next.
The doctor came and told Klava that Gregory had several injuries, and the worst was his head injury. “He had been in a coma for a month,” said the doctor. “He had three operations to remove shrapnel from his brain. He should be all right now, but it will take time to recover.” The doctor asked Klava to come to visit Gregory and to talk to him. “Behave normally with him, as if he’s OK. Tell him about the city news, read to him or sing him a song. He will recover sooner if he feels that you need him.” And of course Klava promised to visit every day. It was her husband lying here helpless, and she loved him. No matter how rude and cruel he had been to her sometimes – it was all in the past. Now their life would be different: Gregory would recover, and they would be so happy.
Gregory spent three months in hospital, but when discharged he was not sent to the front immediately, but transferred to the Moscow garrison. On New Year’s Eve of 1944, he was invited to the Kremlin. On this special occasion, the heroes of the War were going to be decorated with the highest military awards. Gregory was awarded with the order of the Hero of the Soviet Union and a Golden Star. It was the highest possible award in the Soviet Union, and it was Stalin himself who decorated the heroes. Klava sat in the audience, her eyes brimming with tears of happiness and pride: she was not a general’s wife yet, but so very near!
Klava missed her friend, but she missed Felix even more. For the first time she started thinking how nice it would be to have a baby of her own– a beautiful girl! Klava imagined her girl: buying nice clothes for her, taking her to the theatre, and of course teaching her to sing and play the piano. As Gregory recovered, he began to feel restless at home. He was becoming his own old self, often shouting at Klava and being rude. The wounds gave him bad headaches, and Gregory became especially ruthless when in pain. He behaved, as if it was Klava’s fault he was suffering, and Klava often ran away from home to seek refuge with her friend.
At the end of May 1944, after the front had moved to the borders of the Soviet Union, Gregory finally got the doctors’ permission to go to the front again. He was so happy to be going away, that even Klava didn’t irritate him. Actually, Gregory did feel some affection for his wife, she was a beautiful young woman after all. After the night together, Gregory left for the front.
Every day now there was good news on the radio about the liberation of more and more towns and cities. The Soviet army was moving west, the Germans were fighting a stubborn defensive war, but after the Anglo-American landing in northern France in June 1944 and the opening of the Second Front, the ring was closed. At the theatre, the evening performance stopped nearly every day to announce the liberation of another place. The sky of Moscow was lit with fireworks. An atmosphere of total happiness reigned in the capital; strangers stopped to talk, laughter was heard more often, people were singing in the streets and parks. Everybody was sure that the War was coming to an end, even though there were still severe battles being fought.
In this happy summer of 1944 Klava discovered that she was pregnant. The news made her even happier: she would have her little girl soon! She would never be alone anymore! Klava started buying little things for the girls from wherever she could find them, often exchanging them for some of the food Gregory sent from the front. Tatyana helped by donating her daughters’ pram and some clothes. Klava even learned to sew, making little dresses and blouses from her old clothes. More good news came, when a letter from Gregory arrived, telling Klava that he had been appointed colonel for his participation in the liberation of Minsk.


~***~


Chapter 8
1945 – 1955, Moscow
Klava, Eugeny

During the whole period of her pregnancy Klava felt extremely well, and she was sure her delivery would be easy. The baby was due to be born at the very end of February, and near that time Klava was anxiously waiting every day. Finally, on the 28th of February, she felt contraction pain and called the ambulance. In spite of her good mood, and anticipation of an easy delivery, she was in labour for nearly two days and was barely alive when she finally produced her baby.
“It’s a boy, congratulations!” said the midwife.
“No!” Klava was so disappointed she started crying. “No, it can’t be a boy! I don’t want another brute like my husband!” And the poor woman fainted.
The doctor was called, but he said that Klava was suffering from a post-natal shock and would be better after some rest. Next day, when Klava first saw her baby boy, she was amazed at how charming he was! The baby looked at her with his bright eyes, framed by unusually long eyelashes, and smiled with his tiny pink lips. Klava’s heart went out to him at once.
Gregory had never shown any interest in children – he never wanted any. But with Klava’s pregnancy he realised that having children would be good for his image of a perfect Soviet officer. Klava sent a letter to inform her husband about the birth of their son and soon got a reply: “Well done, a boy! Another soldier will grow up in the family!” But she didn’t want her precious son to be a soldier, in fact, she didn’t want him to grow up like a boy at all. No noisy games, no fights with other children, no reminding about the War. She named the boy Eugeny (informally Zhenya, which is a unisex name). She wanted little Eugeny to be a musician, just like Felix.
Eugeny was four months old when his father first saw him. Gregory liked what he saw: the child was well nourished, calm and pleasant to look at. He didn’t give his parents much trouble, actually, Gregory hardly noticed him. Klava spent every minute of her time with her beloved son. She sang to him and read books, she told him fairy tales and poems. Eugeny turned out to be a very bright boy; he liked learning new things and was never tired of the activities that his mother invented for him. In his early ears Eugeny didn’t see many children of his own age. He spent most of the time with his mother and Eleonora and Felix. They often played musical instruments and sang, and listening to them little Eugeny learned to love music.
Klava liked dressing her son in nice clothes and doing his hair, which was always a bit too long for a boy. Nice things were difficult to buy in the post-war Moscow, but she had her ways. She found good things on the black market, where she had to pay an unreasonably high price for a garment or a pair of shoes. But things were high quality, ‘foreign’, mostly American, not Soviet made, and that’s why they were very attractive for the Soviet consumer. Klava didn’t mind paying all this money to buy things for her dearest son.
When Eugeny was five Eleonora started regular piano lessons with him. He had a natural talent and found it easy to learn. Eleonora always turned their lessons into some kind of game, and he enjoyed Eleonora’s company a lot. He also loved Felix. When the older boy was playing his violin Eugeny was often overwhelmed with emotions, and started crying. Felix and his violin became an obsession for young Eugeny.
At seven Eugeny started school. He had been looking forward to going to school, everybody told him that school meant fun and lots of friends. However, the high expectations made his disappointment even more bitter. The kids at school started to pick on him from the very first day. They pulled his long hair and stepped on his precious shiny patent leather shoes, which his mother had just bought for him. The boys bullied him and mocked mercilessly when he wouldn’t play the usual boys’ games. Even the girls laughed at poor Eugeny when he tried to make friends with them. ‘Girly’, ‘mummy’s boy’, these were the names he heard, when he was finally on the way home.
At home Eugeny broke down crying hysterically, which terrified Klava. Failing to calm him, she rushed to get Eleonora’s help. Eleonora came with Felix, and it was he who eventually soothed the poor boy. Eugeny refused to go to school again. Eleonora, who had useful connections everywhere and knew half of Moscow, used her contacts to get him moved to a different school. This time Klava had learned her lesson and her son looked more like a usual Soviet schoolboy. The new classmates were more tolerant, but Eugeny still remembered his first bad experience and didn’t make friends with anybody. He came to like his lessons and was doing well, but he never really loved school.
The relationship between Klava and Gregory was far from ideal, and Eugeny often witnessed ugly scenes, with his father shouting at Klava, who cried and tried to avert her face, so that Gregory’s blows wouldn’t leave her with a black eye. Gregory was generally indifferent to his son, and only required that the boy was quiet and unobtrusive. Eugeny was quick to learn this lesson after his father had punished him badly for playing the piano on a Sunday morning. The boy came crying to his mother, but Klava was so frightened of Gregory, that she wasn’t much comfort at all. Eugeny still loved his mother, but he never forgot his father’s cruel beating.


~***~


Chapter 9
1955-1959, Moscow
Eugeny, Kira

When Eugeny was nearly ten, Klava became pregnant again. Abortions were illegal at that time, and though Klava didn’t particularly want another child, there was nothing much she could do. Gregory didn’t show any emotions at hearing the news: he hardly ever noticed his son, so why bother about another baby? The only thing that interested Gregory was his career. He hoped to become a general in a couple of years, and he would not put up with anything that could threaten his promotion. Eugeny wasn’t happy about the perspective of having a brother or sister. He was already jealous just thinking about his mummy dividing her attention between him and a new baby. No! Eugeny tried his usual tactics – crying, but when it didn’t help, he ran away to Eleonora’s place and only agreed to forgive his mother after she bought him a new expensive garment or toy. Still he remained unhappy about his sibling-to-be and was angry with his mother.
So as it turned out, nobody was very keen on the new baby. Klava, remembering her first labour, dreaded the approaching day of delivery, but she went into labour several weeks prematurely and her delivery was easy and quick. The baby was born small but healthy. A tiny fragile girl, as beautiful as a princess. Klava finally had her daughter, but she wasn’t happy. All she could think of was her son, who had been staying with Eleonora and Felix, while Klava was in the maternity home.
“Look Zhenya,” Klava said, her heart breaking to see her dearest son so unhappy. “Mummy loves you more than anything in the world, and she’s happy to do anything for you. . . Would you like a new pair of shoes? We can go to the market tomorrow and buy them. You only need to accept your little sister . . . Look, she’s so helpless, she needs her big brother . . . What do you think we should call her . . . ? What name would you choose . . . ?”
Eugeny concentrated hard, frowning and biting his lower lip, taking his time and clearly enjoying the importance of this mission.
 “Kira, I want her to be called Kira,” he eventually said.
 “Oh, what a pretty name! But why Kira?”  Klava asked. She was thinking of calling the baby Elya, after her friend Eleonora.
“It’s just Kira, that’s all,” was all Eugeny said.
He never told anybody about the source of the name. The truth was, there was a girl called Kira in Eugeny’s class, who was particularly unattractive. By calling his sister the name of an ugly girl, Eugeny hoped to make her similarly ugly. He had his reasons to be jealous of his baby sister: the girl was in fact very pretty, with lovely features, huge dark-gray eyes and blond curls. And every day, like a fairly princess, she was growing prettier and prettier. Klava made a lot of effort to make her son happy and convinced that he was the more beautiful of the two children. She had to instruct all their friends and neighbours not to praise Kira in Eugeny’s presence. Finally the boy calmed down, but he didn’t still didn’t show any fondness for little Kira.
The girl grew up with more freedom than her brother had enjoyed when he was her age. Klava didn’t spend much time with her daughter, as she didn’t want to upset her darling Eugeny. Kira was a bit of a tom boy and a very lively child, who liked playing with other children in the playground. And, although a tiny girl, she showed quite a strong personality and hardly ever cried – perhaps because there was nobody to listen to her. She was not afraid to fight other children if there was a dispute between them, even if the others were older and twice as big.
Strangely enough, Gregory, who was still rude to his wife and uninterested in his son, started to take some liking for his young daughter. It happened when Gregory was having a party with his friends and they were all drinking and talking and laughing loudly. Klava was catering for them, making sure there was enough to eat and drink, cleaning the table between the courses – and never listening to their conversations. Eugeny would never dare to show up when his father’s friends were around, but little Kira, for whom there was no authority, sneaked quietly into the room and hid behind the sofa. Gregory’s friends were talking loudly, remembering ‘good old times’, mainly their battles with the Nazis during the War. Kira became so fascinated by these stories, that she became totally absorbed in them, left her hiding place and walked close to the table, with her eyes huge and full of awe.
“Look, Grisha,” one of the friends remarked, “who is this little soldier here? The kid seems to be truly amazed!”
“Come here, little soldier,” called another friend, “tell us you name!”
And Kira, confident and brave with the strangers, talked and even sang some songs for the men, who totally enjoyed themselves. Gregory was very pleased with his friends’ reaction to Kira, and from then on, he spent some time with his little ‘soldier’ daughter, telling her stories about the war. The girl liked those stories, especially when they were about ‘our soldiers beating up the Nazis’. She made up all her games based on ‘good guys fighting bad guys’, and there was hardly a day when no parents complained about Kira beating up their child. Klava tried to reason with her daughter, but Gregory didn’t mind Kira’s wild behaviour, he even seemed to be proud of her. The girl felt secure, not fearing any punishment from her father, she was a real ogre for other children; even the older boys thought twice before confronting her.
Kira was a healthy child, she hardly ever had any trouble with the usual children’s ailments. That’s why Klava didn’t take much notice when the girl began coughing and showing other symptoms of a cold. The weather had been windy and cold that spring, it often rained, and Kira came home with her feet wet after her walks in the garden. After a week the girl’s cough grew deeper, she couldn’t sleep at night and complained of pains in her chest. Klava made her drink hot milk with honey and applied poultices on her chest and back – the usual treatments for colds, used for ages by mothers and grandmothers.
On the third day of such ‘treatments’, Kira fell asleep in the armchair in the living room, while Klava was busy cooking in the kitchen. Suddenly Eugeny, who had just come home from his piano lesson, called from the room:
“Mum, come here! I think Kirka is dying!”
Terrified, Klava dashed into the living room to find her four-year-old daughter on her back, with her eyes closed. Her face was of a scary red colour and she was breathing shallowly. When Klava touched the girl’s cheek, it was very hot, so Klava called the ambulance at once. The doctor came in about twenty minutes. He examined the unconscious girl and told the crying Klava that her daughter had a very severe case of pneumonia and had to be taken to hospital at once.
“She needs antibiotics”, said the doctor, “and mind, her condition is very serious.”
Klava had to go to hospital with Kira, as the girl was too young to stay alone. Gregory was left alone with his son for the first time in his life, and of course he had no idea or interest in how to cope with the boy. He decided to send Eugeny to the pioneer camp near Moscow, as he truly believed that being away from the city would do the boy some good. Besides, the camp was especially for the children of the high-ranking military officers, and Gregory hoped that Eugeny would learn some useful habits there. Paying no attention to the boy’s tears and pleas not to take him away from Moscow and his mother, Gregory took his son to the camp, left him there, and sighed with relief.
Eugeny hated the pioneer camp from the very first day. There were stupid rules, which the boys had to follow: getting up very early in the morning to the sounds of the horn, making their beds at once, and then running to the sports ground for the morning exercises. It was so awful! Most of the boys enjoyed the playground activities, but Eugeny tried to escape and hide in the bedroom. All in vain: the officer-on-duty discovered the boy in the room and made him go back to the sports ground and join in with the others. But the worst thing was, nobody seemed to notice Eugeny’s good looks, nobody made any comments about his neat expensive clothes and lovely wavy hair. More than that, one or two of the rudest boys started making fun of him! That was completely unbearable. Eugeny cried in bed hiding under the blanket for half a night, and then next morning he overslept the horn.
Day by day Eugeny became more and more miserable. He remembered his first days at school, when the other boys picked at him and called him names. Eugeny didn’t even try to fight the boys, he ran away and hid wherever it was possible to find a hiding place – not that there were many of those in the camp. If Eugeny wasn’t the Colonel’s son, he wouldn’t have been kept in the camp even for three days. But the camp’s authorities didn’t want to displease the Colonel, so the boy stayed on.
To the Colonel’s great dissatisfaction, only a week after he had taken his son to the camp, there came a phone call from the head of the camp. The officer in charge sounded really concerned, and he asked Gregory to come to the camp at once.
“What is it? Is Eugeny hurt?” Gregory was very annoyed to be distracted from his work.
“No, Comrade Colonel, he’s fine, but you had better come here at once, if you don’t want a scandal,” was the answer.
Gregory feared a scandal more than anything else – it could ruin his reputation – so he had to rush to the pioneer camp immediately. The officer in charge met the Colonel at the gates and led him to the officers’ lounge, which was deserted at that time of the day.
Gregory became more and more angry as he listened to the officer explaining the problems with Eugeny, which had started on the day of his arrival. The boy was completely unused to living in a group; he didn’t know the rules of survival in the cruel world of other boys, and they immediately sensed this weak point and started taking advantage. Eugeny was constantly picked on, bullied and made fun of – and he was asking for it! The boy was too pretty, his wavy black hair was too long for a boy, so other children started calling him girlish names. Eugeny only cried and tried to hide, which made his torturers even more cruel. The officers didn’t want to interfere as they thought the boy should learn to get on with other children. Nobody wanted to sit by Eugeny’s side in the canteen or to be his neighbour in the dormitory.
The real scandal happened when the boys went to the shower on Saturday. When Eugeny took off his clothes, everybody saw his underwear . . . he was wearing silk lady’s underpants and a silk vest, which his mother had specially bought for  him on the black market, and of which he was very proud! Officially that was a disgrace! A potential officer can’t be wearing lady’s underwear! The junior officer managed to take the frightened crying boy away from his ‘comrades’ and went to report the incident to the officer-in-charge.
“You must realise that we can’t let your son stay, Comrade Colonel,” said the officer-in-charge. “The boys might seriously hurt him. We already had a problem calming them down, as they were shouting that your son was weird and deserved a beating.”
What a disgrace! Gregory thought. With flushed face and teeth clenched, he grabbed Eugeny’s arm and without saying a word led the boy out the camp gate. The officer-in-charge would be discreet, I can rely on that, but how about the rest of the staff? And the boys? Next day the whole garrison would be talking about my weird son! They might even think that the boy is gay! Oh, what a disgrace . . .
Gregory hated Eugeny so much at that moment, he could have killed the boy, and only the driver’s presence stopped the infuriated Colonel from beating his son. On the way to Moscow, Gregory’s hatred suddenly took different direction: Klava, it’s all her fault! She was supposed to raise a real soldier, a future hero, that was her only responsibility, and look what she’s done! She’s brought up this monster, this pervert, this useless girlish creature . . .  Feeling the rage building up in him again, the Colonel slammed his fist on the door frame of the car, which prompted a side glance from the driver. Damn it!
At home, Gregory gave Eugeny a severe beating. The boy was screaming, he had never been beaten that badly, but there was nobody to save him from his furious father; even if the neighbours heard the screams they wouldn’t want to interfere. Everybody knew the Colonel’s horrid temper, and nobody wanted to tangle with a senior army officer. Then Gregory locked the boy in his room without saying a word, and rushed to the hospital to see his wife. Klava was frightened when she saw her husband’s face.
“What is it? Something’s wrong with Zhenya?” She beseeched her husband, dreading to hear bad news about her son.
“Yes, everything’s wrong with Zhenya,” grumbled Gregory through his clenched teeth. “Let’s go out.” And he led the way to the hall, which was deserted at that time of the day.
Barely alive with horror and anxiety for her beloved son, Klava followed her husband along the corridor and into the hall where the Colonel finally turned and faced his wife.
“You bitch,” he said in a low, frightening voice. “You deserve to be killed, right now, you and your degenerate son!”
Klava was gasping for breath, clenching her hands, tears streaming down her face, as she listened to Gregory recounting what had happened in the pioneer camp.
“If not for my reputation, I would send the weirdo away, and you would never see him again,” Gregory said. “But I have to pretend to have a perfect family, or I’ll never be a general. When Kira gets well, you’ll come back home, but from now on, I’ll keep an eye on you. The degenerate can stay at home but he must look like a boy, and if I ever spot him looking or behaving weird again, I’ll take measures. This is my last word,” saying this, Gregory turned round and left the hall. He never came back while Klava was in hospital with Kira, though he sent fruit and delicatessens with his adjutant, so that nobody could accuse him of being inattentive to his wife and daughter.
Soon Kira started feeling better, and the doctors said she was out of danger. But the good news didn’t make Klava happy. All she could think of was her son. When Kira completely recovered, Gregory came to the hospital to take his wife and daughter home. At home Klava was horrified to see Eugeny: the boy looked frightened and pale, his hair was cropped, and he was wearing crude clothes. Klava burst out crying and hugged her son, but Gregory immediately pushed Eugeny away from her.
“I said, no more nonsense! This means no more kissy-kissy hugs! Go to your room, now!” Eugeny obediently went into his room, and Klava took Kira to her room, trying not to cry.
“From then on,” continued Gregory, “you are denied the right to look after her children, as I don’t trust you anymore. I’ve found a nanny who is going to look after Kira and keep an eye on Eugeny. She’s a retired sergeant, who used to work at a juvenile prison, and she knows how to deal with weirdos like your son. Be sure of that! I’ll be kept fully aware of all your activities.”
 That was the worst year in Eugeny’s life. He hated his father, he hated the Nanny, he hated little Kira as it was her fault that his mother had to go away and leave him alone, he even hated his mother. The only salvation the boy had was Eleonora and her music lessons. This was a new world for Eugeny, the world full of bright colours and deep feelings – all of which he saw and experienced when listening to Felix playing his ‘magic’ violin. Gregory didn’t like Eleonora much, but he had to admit that she was a good music teacher and it was useful for his son to play a musical instrument.
Eugeny didn’t have any friends at school or at home; his mother had always been his best friend and the boy liked spending time with her, talking about ‘grown-up’ things and going shopping. As a result of this relationship he had developed quite a sophisticated taste for clothes, shoes and accessories. Now, when he was deprived of the comfort of his mother’s care, Eugeny found refuge in Eleonora’s company. The older woman was really a very interesting person. Apart from being a talented musician, she was a very good story-teller and very witty. Eugeny spent hours at her apartment after the lessons and Eleonora enjoyed the boy’s company as much as he enjoyed hers. Felix, when he was free, joined the two friends, and soon there were the three of them spending most of the evenings together talking, laughing, discussing new books or playing the piano and violin.


~***~


Chapter 10
1961-1963, Moscow
Eugeny, Kira, Felix

Eugeny was sixteen and Kira six, when a tragedy happened in their apartment. The hated Nanny – who was still living with the family and made Klava’s life a misery with her intrusive, rude and unpleasant behaviour – had a fatal accident. One day the Nanny was at home with Kira, who was asleep in her room. The Nanny felt quite at home in the apartment, and decided to have a bath. She never denied herself anything at all, in fact, she had been behaving like the mistress of the house lately, and on that particular evening she decided to help herself to some whiskey, which she liberated from the drinks cabinet in the living room. After having a big glass and definitely feeling quite groggy, she filled the bath with hot water and sank into it. Nobody knew exactly what had happened, but most probably she just fell asleep and drowned.
It was Klava who found the Nanny in the bath and became hysterical, but she was calm enough to call an ambulance. When the ambulance arrived, the doctor saw that the Nanny was already dead and had been dead for hours. However, Klava had tried to ‘help’ the Nanny and there was lots of water on the floor. Klava was wet all over as she had half pulled the dead woman out of the bath, before realising that the motionless body was too heavy for her. Eugeny was at his music lesson, whilst little Kira had been asleep and was only woken up by the loud voices of the ambulance people.
After this terrible accident Klava was given back the privilege of looking after her children. The family seemed to be happy, and most of the neighbours envied them. Gregory finally became a general, but Klava remembered the hopes of her youth with bitter disappointment. I’m a general’s wife, but am I happy? My husband is so rude and hardly notices our son – the pride of my life!
Gregory only seemed to like the company of his daughter. “That’s my real child,” he used to say, “Not that slug of a son!”
Strangely, Kira took a liking for her older brother. She would run to the hall to meet him when he came home and cling to his knees (that was as far as she could reach!) with the cry: “Zhenya, Zhenya has come!” She would also sit quietly in Eugeny’s room while he was doing his homework, and would rush to the kitchen to get him a treat when he was having a break from his studies. At first Eugeny ignored her, even disliked her because he thought that his sister was the cause of all his troubles, but Kira deserved his respect as a fearless little creature. On one occasion, Gregory was shouting at Klava and had slapped Eugeny just because he was in the way.  Kira rushed to her brother’s defence and confronted her father. The tiny six-year-old pushed hard against Gregory’s knees and raged: “Don’t touch Zhenya and mummy! I’ll teach you, you, fascist!”
Gregory was stunned speechless, and just stood there looking at his little daughter who was glaring up at him. Then he chuckled nervously, “All right, Fly, your victory!” And he never again harassed his wife or his son in Kira’s presence.
After this incident Eugeny let Kira stay in his room when he was busy doing something. He started paying attention to his little sister, and soon the two of them became good friends. Kira adored her big brother.
When Eugeny finished school there was no question of which higher institution to choose: of course it was the Academy of Music. Eugeny was working hard preparing for his music exam, he spent hours and hours at Eleonora’s place, where she and Felix were both doing their best to help Eugeny with his preparation. Felix was really good to his younger friend, and willingly spent a lot of time showing Eugeny the best technique of performing. With this help Eugeny passed his exam brilliantly and became a student of the Academy of Music that was named after the Gnessins – the most prestigious musical institution in the Soviet Union.
I’m the happiest person in the world! It is the best day in my life! he thought as he hurried home, a big smile on his face. Klava was waiting for her son at home with a big dinner, and Kira beaming with pride for him, but Eugeny really didn’t feel like being with his family. He wanted to see Felix and Eleonora and to share his joy and pride with them. So after a brief meal, and not even trying all of his mother’s culinary masterpieces, Eugeny left. “I’ll take you to the park tomorrow,” he promised Kira, who was a little disappointed at her brother’s departure.
Eugeny found Felix alone; Eleonora had left earlier to see a friend, as she was not expecting Eugeny that evening. Felix was playing the violin when Eugeny entered the apartment, opening the front door with his own key. Felix didn’t hear his friend enter, so much absorbed was he in the music, with eyes shut and his lean tanned face resting on the instrument. Felix was so handsome in that moment, and at the same time so vulnerable and lonely, that Eugeny felt a lump in his throat and an overwhelming tenderness towards his friend. He spontaneously approached Felix and embraced him. Felix stopped playing and opened his eyes, his face growing paler as he bent down and put the violin on the armchair, then turned to face Eugeny, still moving as if in a slow motion movie. The two young men stood close to each other, their faces nearly touching, their eyes unblinking. Felix was the first to move. Without breaking the gaze, he moved closer and closer, until their lips touched. It was the first kiss in Eugeny’s life.
Eugeny had never kissed girls, he never fancied them. He did like women, but only as friends. He had never had any romantic feelings towards women, and his sexuality had not been aroused until the moment Felix kissed him. The kiss was so sweet, it made Eugeny melt all over; he wanted that moment to last forever. And Felix wasn’t in a hurry to break the kiss, more than that, he started caressing and touching Eugeny in his intimate parts, which made the younger man moan with pleasure. Eugeny responded to Felix’s tender touches with a passion that he never expected to possess. He lost all concept of time or reality: there was only Felix’s hot body against his own, and that was all that mattered.
When Eugeny finally came back to reality, it was dark. The two of them were naked on the sofa, their clothes scattered on the floor. From the kitchen he could hear Eleonora talking to somebody on the phone, and music playing on the radio.
“Oh, my God! What have we done?” Eugeny suddenly panicked.
“Don’t worry, my love. We haven’t done anything wrong. I love you, and I am happy to discover that you love me.” Felix put his arm round Eugeny’s shoulder as if trying to protect him.
“I’ve always wanted you, even when you were just a kid. You are so sexy!”
“But we are both men”, Eugeny tried to protest. “We are supposed to make love to women, get married . . . have children . . .”
“Do you feel like making love to women? Don’t be silly! We are made for each other, and we will never part. We’ll be together forever.” And saying that, Felix pulled Eugeny closer and started kissing him again.
“How about Eleonora?” Eugeny tried to protest and to pull out of his friend’s embrace. “She has been home for some time, and she knows we are here . . . that we are . . .” the boy couldn’t go on, he felt so scared and embarrassed.
“Don’t worry about mother, she knows all about me. I fancy men and I’m happy with it. When I was younger, she tried to introduce me to some ‘nice’ girls, but they were of no interest to me and the idea of kissing them was revolting. She finally had to accept that I’m different from most men, that’s the way I am. I’m not going to fall in love with a stupid girl, get married and spoil my whole existence. I’ve never wanted any children, I’m not going to waste my life on providing for these useless creatures, who only need their father to give them money. I’ve seen a lot of examples of such relationship. No, that’s not what I want to do with my life. I love my music, I want to devote my whole existence to it. And I always hoped to meet a soul mate, a man who would share my life with me. It’s you, my love! I knew we would be together! And Mother knew it too. Don’t be afraid of her, she adores me and would do anything to make me happy. She is our friend.”
When Eugeny, led by happily smiling Felix, entered the kitchen, Eleonora was making herself a cup of coffee. She turned to see her son, her face bearing a quizzical and worried expression, as if she was asking: “How did it go?”
“It’s OK Mum,” Felix answered her unasked question. “We are together now, forever.”
Eleonora hugged Eugeny and kissed him on both cheeks. “I always loved you. You always were like a son to me and now you are more so.”
Felix and Eugeny became inseparable. They spent every spare minute together. Felix was usually very busy with the orchestra in which he played, but he helped Eugeny a lot with his lessons, and due to this help Eugeny became the best student of his year. Eugeny’s parents didn’t guess about his relationship with Felix, they thought that their son was very lucky to have such a good friend, who also helped him so much with his studies. Kira was initially jealous of Felix, but she eventually accepted the older man and even developed a liking for him.


~***~


Chapter 11
1965, Moscow
Eugeny, Felix

As years passed by, Gregory, despite Klava’s hopes, was becoming more and more uncontrollable. His violent temper got worse with the years. Sometimes it seemed that he took pleasure in torturing other people, and with his son hardly ever at home, and thus unavailable for the general’s cruelty, this left poor Klava as the only victim – Gregory was still fond of his daughter and never shouted at her or punished her. He had retired at fifty, and there was nothing much for him to do. However, after a couple of terribly idle and useless months, he finally found an activity to his liking.
It had become popular for high ranking military people and party leaders to build themselves a cottage in the countryside near Moscow. These so called ‘dachas’ were often built with no expense spared and became status symbols. This led to an unspoken rivalry between the high ranks in deciding whose dacha was best. Gregory, who had never lived in the countryside, suddenly took a strong liking for the rural life. He had his own dacha built in a very prestigious region, and was very proud of his house. It really was nice, made of solid logs, with a green tile roof, and surrounded by old pines. The nearest neighbours were at the distance of several hundred meters, hidden behind a high fence – exactly the kind of neighbour that Gregory wanted, one you couldn’t see or hear! He spent most of his time in the country, but demanded that Klava went with him, as she cooked and tidied the place. Kira also became very fond of the dacha, she spent hours in the forest climbing the trees and playing her own games on the river banks. Eugeny also liked the dacha but preferred to visit when his parents were not there, and he usually took Felix with him under the pretence of practising music. Neither Gregory nor Klava had any idea what was going on in their peaceful logged cottage – only the pines around the house knew the secret, but they kept silent.
Eleonora bought a car for Felix’s 30th birthday, a Moscvich. She, as a war hero widow, had the privilege of buying a car, which otherwise was not at all easy. The ordinary people had to be registered on the waiting lists for the cars, and only the Communist Party members were accepted on these lists. Eleonora would do anything, even the impossible for her dearest Felix, and she had used all her influential connections, as well as bribing minions. As a result of his mother’s determination, Felix became the owner of a brand new Moscvich on his birthday.
Having the car made it easier for the two lovers to travel between Moscow and the dacha, and now they often went to the country in the evening to spend the night in the cottage and came back to Moscow in the morning, in time for their workaday activities, in fact things were going quite nicely when one day a terrible disaster struck.
Gregory felt poorly, so he and Klava decided to stay in Moscow. Kira had to stay with them, which made her very unhappy and restless as it was summer and the weather was hot and dry – unpleasant to be staying in the city. After the whole week in their hot stuffy Moscow apartment, Klava thought she had had enough.
“I have to go to the dacha, to take our girl to the countryside, she needs some fresh air,” she said to Gregory. And, amazingly enough, he agreed with his wife – maybe for the first time in his life. More than that, Gregory decided that he wasn’t feeling that bad after all, and going to the country would also be good for him. It was late afternoon when the general’s Volga quietly entered the gates of the dacha. Everything was very quiet. The only sounds one could hear were the twittering of the birds in the trees. The air was fresh and fragrant with the scent of lilac and lily-of-the-valley which grew in abundance all around the house.
“That’s life!” Gregory was really content with being at the country cottage. “It’ll certainly be much better here than in the city!”
The three of them moved to the front door. The entrance hall was dark, and so was the rest of the ground floor. But they could see some light coming from the floor above, and heard some vague sounds from upstairs. The noise definitely came from one of the bedrooms on the first floor. Kira tried to rush upstairs to be the first one to see what was going on, but Gregory held her by the shoulder and pulled her aside. He then made his way upstairs taking two steps at a time, with his wife and daughter close behind.
As they got to the first floor the sounds became more distinct, there were moans and gasps coming from the dimly lit bedroom. The door was half open and they could see the bed and the bedside table with a big red candle on it. The curtains were drawn, and in the dim light of the candle they were astonished to see two naked lovers on the bed, who were so preoccupied with each other that they were oblivious to reality. They were Eugeny and Felix. Gregory’s face went chalk white. Klava grabbed Kira and tried to pull the girl away and shield her from the outrageous scene. Kira backed off, too shocked to think clearly, she just felt like being somewhere away from that dimly lit bedroom, with the flickering shadows of the two lovers cast by candlelight on the ceiling. The girl could barely walk, her legs suddenly felt like cotton and unresponsive. Stumbling, she descended the stairs and sank into one of the chairs in the dark hallway.
Upstairs, Gregory, still pale as death itself and moving like a zombie, approached the bedside table. He stumbled on the edge of the carpet, and nearly fell down. The noise startled the lovers, they broke their embrace and sat up. As if not noticing the two naked men on the bed, Gregory inserted a key in the lock of the upper drawer of the bedside table and tried to pull it open. But his hands were shaking badly and the drawer wouldn’t open.
Klava suddenly realised the danger and shouted, “Run, boys, run! He’s got a gun there!” Indeed, the retired General was entitled to personal weapon, a pistol, which he usually kept locked in the bedside table drawer at the dacha. Now he was trying to reach the gun, and his intentions were quite clear. In his rage he would shoot anybody who stood in his way.
Felix tumbled out of bed pulling Eugeny after him. Eugeny got caught in the sheet and fell on the floor by the bed, while Felix ran for the door. Gregory finally managed to open the drawer and grab the gun, aiming it at the back of the running man. He shot once and then again, only missing by inches, and then Felix was out of range.
 “Stop it, for God’s sake! Gregory, please!” Klava was at his side, grabbing his arm, trying to stop him. Gregory looked at his wife. His face turned red with an expression of deep loathing and rage.
“Ah, it’s you! You bitch! It’s your fault, you made a freak out of him! I Hate you, hate you . . . hate you!” and with these words, Gregory pointed the gun at Klava. His face was a mask of hatred. The gun was shaking badly in his hand. Eugeny, from his position on the floor could see what was going on. He felt as if his whole body was extremely heavy, his mouth dry, as if full of sand. At the same time he felt strangely excited, blood ringing in his ears. He saw his father slowly steadying the gun two inches from Klava’s head and pulling the trigger. The shot sounded like an explosion, and Klava’s face was there no more. She fell on the carpet by the bed like a rag doll.
Gregory must have realised what he had done, because he dropped the gun and kneeled on the floor beside his dead wife. He was pale and shaking all over now.  And Eugeny, just a few feet from the body on the floor, which used to be his mother, suddenly felt an overwhelming hatred of his father. This feeling of hatred, this desire to cause pain, this need to crush and torture, to kill, had clouded his brain. The long suppressed and deeply hidden self, of the usually meek Eugeny, came out a hideous monster. From his throat emerged a low growl, which hardly seemed human. His face so convulsed that all the sinews stood on his neck like strings, his snarling lips exposing his teeth, and his eyes like narrow black slits.
Moving like a zombie, Eugeny reached for the gun, picked it up and fired at his startled father, right into his wide gaping mouth.
When the shooting occurred, Felix was running down the stairs. The first blast came loud, followed by Kira’s scream from the entrance hall, and the girl came running upstairs. She was just entering the bedroom, when the second shot followed.
“Zhenya! Don’t!” Kira screamed, and Felix froze on the stairs. The next moment he found himself pushing past the girl and into the bedroom. His first thought was that all the three were dead: Klava and Gregory lay on the floor in a bloody mess, and Eugeny was sitting beside them, his paper-white face stained with blood, his eyes shut. The gun, which was still clutched in his limp hand, was also covered with blood.
“He’s just shot Dad,” Felix heard from the doorway and turned round to see Kira. She was pale as a corpse, gasping for air, and on the verge of collapsing.
Felix took her in his arms. “Shhhhh . . . quiet, my darling. Let’s go downstairs and get some fresh air.” With these words Felix carried Kira away from the horror of the bedroom and downstairs into the entrance hall.
“Zhenya has shot Dad,” she repeated in a whisper. “We mustn’t tell anyone.”
“Don’t talk about it now, just relax,” answered Felix. “I’m going upstairs, I’ll sort it all out, ok? You just stay here.”
The room was still only lit by the candle, and in this dim light the blood looked very dark, almost black. There was lots of it, all over the place: on the floor, on the walls and on the bed. The two dead bodies were both faceless, horrible and motionless, with their heads blown apart. Felix bent down by his lover’s side. Eugeny moved slightly, and some colour returned to his face. Felix touched his shoulder gently and Eugeny sat up abruptly, dropping the gun and looking around like he had just been woken up.
“What’s that? What’s happened?” Eugeny cried out when seeing the terrible bloody mess. He tried to stand up, but started sobbing uncontrollably and slipped back on the floor. Attracted by his loud sobs, Kira came running upstairs to join her brother and they both cried desperately.
“Your parents are dead. Go, put something on, you’ll get a cold,” Felix was moving and speaking like a robot. “Stop crying Kira, I need to think.”
To his surprise, she obeyed and stopped crying. Eugeny stood up and went to the bathroom where he put on a dressing gown, fetching another one for his friend.
“Thank you”, Felix said as he accepted the garment with the same robot-like movements. “I think, I need to call my mother.”
As nobody argued, Felix went to the telephone in the hall and dialled his home number.
“Mother, you must come here at once, something really bad has happened.” He listened to her reply and then added “Here, to the dacha. And come alone.”
Luckily for them all, Felix had left the car at home the day before, and he and Eugeny had travelled by train. The car had some minor problem that had to be fixed, so Felix had asked Eleonora to pick the car up later that day, which she did. Now she had the means of getting to the dacha unobserved.
Eleonora turned up about 90 minutes later. She didn’t like driving and hardly ever used the car. However, she must have sensed something in her son’s voice, which made her jump into the Moscvich and rush to the country house, violating all speed limits. She only needed one look at the three motionless figures in the hall to realize that something terrible had happened.
“What is it? What’s happened, Felix, Zhenya? What’s Kira doing here?” There were too many questions. Kira started crying again.
“Go upstairs. They are there. Look for yourself.” Felix said.
Eleonora started climbing the stairs, moving slowly and carefully, looking up as if she was expecting some danger from the darkness.
“Wait!” Felix suddenly jumped to his feet and ran after his mother.
The two of them went all the way to the bedroom. There they stood looking inside, Felix telling Eleonora about what had happened.
“I’m not sure, but I think Zhenya must have shot his father . . .  Kira saw him,” Felix said. “The poor boy is in shock, he doesn’t realize what he has done. We must protect him! That awful man deserved to be shot long ago. And he had killed Zhenya’s mother!”
It didn’t take Eleonora long to come to a decision; she was amazingly clear-headed and cold-blooded for a woman. But then, she was trying to protect her son, whom she was still treating like a child. Eleonora called the whole company to the kitchen, where they all sat round the table, and she even made them drink some hot tea.
“Listen to me carefully. Now, all the three of you will go home and go to bed. Zhenya and Felix were home today, at our apartment. The whole day. Kira, your parents had gone to the dacha and you stayed behind as you didn’t feel like going. In fact, you came to see me about the new recipe for mushroom sauce, and the two of us were busy cooking it. Then all of us had dinner together and after dinner Felix and Zhenya performed some music for us. Later in the evening, Zhenya and Kira went home and went to bed. That’s the story we are going to tell everybody. Understood?”
They sat looking at the older woman without saying a word, not realising what she was driving at.
“You were all together, you never came anywhere near the dacha, you have no idea what happened here! Is that clear? Tomorrow, when the bodies are discovered, there’ll be a lot of noise among both police and the army people. They should think that the general had gone crazy and shot his wife. Everybody knows that the two of them fought like a cat and a dog. It was a surprise he hadn’t shot her before. Shooting Klava, Gregory realised what he had done and shot himself. The end of the story. Sad but clear.”
“But . . .  Zhenya . . . they will realize . . .  my father didn’t kill himself,” uttered Kira in a barely audible voice, and then closed her mouth, totally relying on the older woman.
“But the police will see that there had been other people in the room, that the bed had been used . . .” Felix was uncertain. “We used the bathroom as well, and the kitchen.”
“I said, go home to Moscow and go to bed. All of you. I’ll stay and sort it all out. Don’t worry. There’ll be no trace of your presence here.”
Nobody argued. Kira was only too happy to leave the horrible place and to go away with her brother. Eugeny never doubted that the girl would stand by his side and would never give him away. If she had been shocked at seeing the two men in an intimate situation, she didn’t reveal it or show her disapproval.
Eleonora stayed behind, and Felix took Eugeny and Kira back to Moscow in his car.
“Good night, my love, try to get some sleep. I’ll see you tomorrow. Good night Kira, you are a brave girl,” Felix said. He kissed Eugeny good night and went home.
Brother and sister slowly walked to their apartment.
“I’m sorry, Kira,” Eugeny said. “It’s because of me that Mum got killed. Father hated me badly, and he blamed Mum for not bringing me up properly. I don’t know how it happened. I didn’t want to kill him.”
“I’m not mad at you, Zhenya. You were right to shoot Father, he was so cruel! He always shouted at Mum and he beat her, I saw! I’ve always loved you more than any of them. And don’t worry, I won’t tell anybody. I can keep secrets.”
“What do you mean, you can keep secrets. I don’t know what you are talking about, girl! I never trusted you with a secret!”
“But you do have a secret, Zhenya, don’t you?” The girl was looking up in her brother’s face and smiling mischievously. “A big, big, grown-up secret!”
Eugeny was standing speechless, looking down at Kira, his face very pale.
“You know what I mean: the Nanny! I wasn’t asleep and I saw you. You did the right thing! She was a monster, I hated her! Things went so much better after you had killed her.”
“Shhhhh!” Eugeny grabbed Kira by the shoulder. “Keep quiet! What could you see, you were only six years old! What can you remember?”
“Oh, I remember everything! I couldn’t sleep, but I pretended, otherwise the Nanny would have been mad at me. She wanted her drink, I knew that. She always had her drink in the afternoon. So I stayed in bed, making my own stories. I like making stories with good endings. I’ll be a writer when I grow up. And then I heard somebody open the front door, and I wondered who it was. As I couldn’t hear anything else, I got out of the bed and tiptoed to the door: I could only see part of the corridor and the bathroom. You were standing in the doorway, looking at her sleeping.  At first I thought that you were just naughty, that you wanted to see a naked woman. But then I saw your face . . .  Oh, Zhenya, you had a horrible face! It was like a mask! I could see immediately what was on your mind. You moved into the bathroom, and I could hear the water splashing on the floor, so I crept to the bathroom door. And I saw you pushing the Nanny’s head under the water! She was kicking and wriggling, but you were stronger! Good for you! Then she stopped fighting, and I quietly backed up to my room. I went to bed and fell asleep.”
Eugeny could remember now. He had kept the horrible secret under control for all these years. His mother knew, she had come home just in time to see her dearest son standing in the flooded bathroom, and the dead woman lying in the tub. Eugeny remembered his own feeling of overwhelming hatred when he saw the drunken Nanny asleep in the bath. He had experienced the same feeling only a few hours ago, when he grabbed the pistol from his father’s hand. The feeling of power, it was so good, it almost gave him sexual pleasure.
“You must have dreamed it all.” Eugeny was shocked by his sister’s revelations and by the dreadful memories.
“No, I didn’t, I didn’t! I woke up again when Mum started crying and shouting at you. I pretended to be asleep again, but nobody cared about me. Everybody thought I was just a little girl, and I didn’t understand things. But I did understand that you had murdered the Nanny . . . She was awful! You did the right thing, Zhenya, I was so proud of you! But I didn’t say anything to the police, I knew I had been a naughty girl: it was bad peeping at grown-up people. And later, I understood that they might punish you for killing the Nanny, and I didn’t want them to punish you. I love you Zhenya, I always will.”
“My God, Kira, Mum and I never guessed you had seen me! You know, when I saw that dreadful woman asleep in the bath, I thought that was my chance. I just pushed her under the water and kept there. She wasn’t very strong, really. But the water splashed over the side of the bath, there was a lot of water everywhere, no way could I make the bathroom look dry. And Mum came in unexpectedly and started crying and fussing . . .  But she was good, she really was. You know, it was her who came with the plan to pretend it all had been an accident. And she was a good actress too, everybody believed her!”
“Zhenya, why were you naked in bed with Felix? What were you doing? Was it a bad thing to do?” Kira was very inquisitive now that they had shared some memories of the old secret.
“No, little sister, it was not a bad thing to do, it was a wonderful thing!” Eugeny didn’t know how to explain to the ten-year-old girl about an intimate relationship between two men, or, indeed, a relationship between a man and a woman.
“If it wasn’t bad, why did Dad go mad?” Kira still wanted to know, and there was no way to hide the truth from her. Not after what the two of them had lived through.
“Kira, do you know that people fall in love and marry? It’s usually a man and a woman who love each other. They get married and they sleep together. It’s a very special relationship when people sleep together, it gives them a lot of joy and happiness. When you grow up, you will fall in love and have this relationship with a man.”
“No! Zhenya, I love you! I will never marry any other man, they are all stupid and ugly! And I don’t want you to love any other girl! I’ll kill her! Promise me, Zhenya, you will never marry any other girl!” Kira was really frustrated now, sobbing again and clutching her brother’s hand.
“Look, honey, we are brother and sister, and we have a relationship different from any other one! We really love each other. But we can’t marry each other, it’s not possible. Brothers and sisters don’t get married, it’s against the law. But, listen, Kira, I can promise that I will never love any other girl and will never marry anybody.”
“Good, I believe you, Zhenya. You can love Felix if you want, I’m not jealous of him, but I’m your only girl! And you will marry me, you’ll see!”
Eugeny was truly amazed by the girl’s response. But he decided not to argue with her.  Let her think what she wanted for now, she would know better when she grew up. And he had been truthful with her: he would never marry anybody! His only love was Felix.
The brother and sister walked slowly towards their apartment. Eugeny held Kira’s hand. It was so small, so defenceless – Kira was only ten! Yet, she had the heart of a lion and had proven her loyalty to him. Now it was his, Eugeny’s, responsibility to look after her, as both their parents were dead. Though Eugeny had no remorse at all at what he had done, the horror of the reality seized him again. What should he do? However, Eugeny was so tired, exhausted mentally and physically, that he just wanted to get to their apartment. I will think about it tomorrow, he said to himself.
The next day began with Felix’s telephone call, as he was arranging a meeting at his apartment. Eleonora had come back in the early hours of the morning, and she wanted everybody to discuss their plan of action. Eugeny thought it would be better for Kira to stay at home, as she was still tired and upset – though she wasn’t grieving too much about her parents’ death. Kira was only concerned about one thing: to stay with her brother, not to be parted with him. The girl was really mature for her age. She refused to stay at home, and followed Eugeny to Felix’s place.
When Eugeny and Kira came into the kitchen, Eleonora was freshly made up and nicely dressed, and was pouring tea into four cups. There were pancakes on the plate in the middle of the table and everything looked so peaceful and cosy.
“Sit down, everybody,” Eleonora ordered. “I hope you have had a good rest and are ready to listen to me. I have tidied the place up, it looks like the General and his wife went there together, had a fight, the General shot his wife and then killed himself. There are no traces of anybody else being at the dacha recently. I’m sure, when the bodies are found, the police will hold an investigation, but they won’t want any complications. The verdict will be murder and suicide, and the case will be closed. I suggest taking care of Kira, when the bad news is broken. Darling, it will be better if you stay with me for some days, maybe a week or two.”
These words caused the stormy protest from Kira: she didn’t want to leave her brother!
Eleonora though was ruthless. “Look, child,” she said. “Nobody will let you stay with your twenty-year-old brother, who is a student and can’t be your guardian. They might take you away and give you to a foster family.”
At these words Eugeny froze – he had exactly the same thought the previous night! What was the way out of this situation?
Eleonora went on. “Whereas, I’m a woman, I have a lot of free time, I’m not too old or helpless, but if needs be, my son is around to help. He is thirty, old enough to be your father!  So if I come with an idea of being your guardian, I think the authorities will accept it.”
It was really a good idea. Both Eugeny and Kira agreed with Eleonora. But this amazing woman had some more good ideas up her sleeve. She had thought ahead, about the way they would live in the future.
“We can’t stay where we are,” Eleonora went on. “Not after this terrible tragedy. We all want to live together, this is our main aim, and to achieve our goal, we’ll have to be prepared to sacrifice something in our present. Maybe even to live apart for some time. I know, it’s not going to be easy!” Their unspoken resistance could be easily read on all three faces. Eleonora explained, “We need to think long-term, we need to plan our future. Your future,” she pointed at Kira. “You don’t want to go to an orphanage, do you? Or to be adopted?  Don’t even answer, I know what you are going to say.” She turned to Felix and Eugeny. “ Now, you two. What would you want? And again, don’t bother to answer, because I know your dream.” Eleonora paused.
“I have a plan. Listen to me attentively, try not to interrupt. After I say all I intend to, you can express your ideas. Is that clear?” Everybody nodded in agreement, and Eleonora went on.
“We will have to move to Leningrad.” Noticing that her words had caused a storm of emotions, Eleonora just raised her hand. “Please, all your comments later. Yes, we will have to move to Leningrad, that’s the fundamental change. There nobody will know what happened to Klava and Gregory, nobody even has to know about them. We will exchange the apartments here, in Moscow, for the apartments in Leningrad. It will take time. Meanwhile, I’ll settle all the guardian formalities. You know that I lived in Leningrad as a young girl. My husband was also from Leningrad. His parents died during the war, mine some time earlier. I know some useful people there, who can help without asking too many questions. You know an old saying: ‘One hundred friends is better than one hundred roubles!’ We are going to start a new life in the Northern Capital.”
“What about my job and Zhenya’s studies?” asked Felix.”We are settled here, and Moscow is the centre of musical life! What will happen to our careers in Leningrad?”
“I said that we would have to sacrifice! But don’t be afraid, the sacrifice won’t be enormous. There are musical theatres and philharmonics in Leningrad. Don’t forget that your father and I started our musical careers there. You will be able to start your own orchestra, your dream! Am I right? Haven’t you been dreaming about this for years now? And Zhenya can continue with his studies in the Academy as a correspondence student and play in your orchestra! Ah? How about that?” The older woman looked so enthusiastic, that the younger men became carried away by her plan.
“Yes! I’m sure we can do that! Great idea!” Now Eugeny was only eager to go on with the plan. “Felix, we’ll be able to play together, we’ll have a group!” Felix smiled looking at his young lover.
“So, is that a ‘yes’? Do you agree with me and we start on our plan?” Everybody nodded and uttered in agreement. “All right, but first things first. Don’t forget that the bodies haven’t even been discovered yet. We have to be brave and stick to our story. Remember? Kira, are you sure you can do it, girl?”
“I’m sure, don’t worry about me,” Kira looked pale but full of energy.
“You don’t have to talk to the police,” Eleonora went on. “We can say that you are too upset and can’t give any statements. And it’s against the law to question an underage child without a grown-up present. So I’ll be with you all the time.”
It was at the end of the day, when a police officer rang the bell at the front door. Eugeny and Kira were at home, listening to music on the radio, Eugeny copying every tune they heard on the piano. He was very good at improvising. The officer asked Eugeny if he knew where his parents were. The young man said that they had gone to the dacha the day before, and he and his sister – he pointed at Kira – had stayed in Moscow, but were going to join their parents on Saturday. He also asked what the problem was, and heard the officer’s answer about an accident, which had happened at the dacha.
“What’s wrong? Are my parents all right?” There was genuine worry in Eugeny’s voice, and Kira got off the sofa where she was sitting and joined the two men in the hall. She was looking up at the officer with big troubled eyes, and the officer felt very uncomfortable. God, he dreaded this task: breaking the sad news to the children of the murdered woman and the suicide man.
“I’m sorry, but can I talk to you alone,” he said to Eugeny. “Maybe we could step outside for a moment?” And he went outside the apartment. Eugeny followed, gesturing for Kira to stay. The officer told Eugeny the sad news: Gregory and Klava were found dead at the dacha by the village woman, who delivered milk and eggs to their cottage. The woman panicked and ran away, back to her village, where she told her husband about what had happened. The man had to go to the region centre to call the police, because nobody in the village had a phone. By the time the police arrived, it was midday, and in the hot weather the bodies were not looking their best. But it was quite clear that the general had shot his wife and then killed himself – the gun was in his hand, and there were no traces of any one else in the house.
“Did your parents ever have quarrels?” asked the officer.
“Oh, yes, I’m afraid they did,” Eugeny was very pale, which was natural under the circumstances, his eyes filled with tears, lips trembling. “My God, he finally killed my Mum. He was threatening to do it many times. Ever since I was a little boy, my parents had fights. Oh my God, poor Mum!”
“Yes, it’s really sad”, the officer was sympathetic. “Do you have any friends who could stay with you and help to look after your sister?”
“We do. As a matter of fact, we have very good friends,” answered Eugeny and went back to the apartment to make a telephone call.
As Eleonora had predicted, there were no questions about the cause of death. Everybody was sorry for the ‘poor children’, especially for Kira, who was left an orphan at such an early age. The girl was behaving perfectly: first crying over her mum and dad’s coffins at the funeral, clutching her brother’s hand so it was clear that she was very distressed and upset and wanted to be with her brother. Later, when the people from the children’s committee came to talk about her future, Kira behaved as a mature person, making it clear that she wanted to live with ‘aunt Eleonora’ and ‘uncle Felix’, who were Eugeny’s best friends. Considering Eleonora’s wish to be the girl’s guardian and the woman’s perfect reputation, the decision went in her favour, and Kira was able to move in with her friends. In a couple of months, when everybody was settled in their new position, Eleonora started her ‘house moving campaign’.


~***~


Chapter 12
1966, Moscow, Donetsk
Svetlana

Eleonora’s sophisticated plan consisted of several tactical movements. The first move, which involved many people and was quite laborious, was to find appropriate apartments in Leningrad. Anything to do with moving apartments in the Soviet Union involved a difficult bureaucratic rigmarole.  The apartments were not owned by the people who lived in them. They were leased by the state, which could reclaim the apartment at any moment, if the lodgers turned out to be ‘unsuitable’.
Lots of these apartments were situated in very desirable districts of the cities and towns, in the older apartment blocks, which had spacious rooms, big kitchens, balconies and high ceilings. Such buildings were called ‘Stalin’ blocks, as they were designed and constructed in the times when Stalin was the head of the state. Quite a few of these big apartments were inhabited by several families, who shared one kitchen and bathroom. Sometimes the whole family had to live in just one room.
In the early 60s, Nikita Khrushchev started his own housing campaign, which was aimed at providing lots of people with separate apartments. His motto was: ‘each family to its own apartment’. In just a few years lots and lots of apartment blocks were built throughout the country. The apartments were often small, usually consisting of one room, a kitchen and a bathroom. The buildings utilised prefabricated panels and were not designed to last a long time, about twenty years or so, as the Soviet people were promised to enter the ‘Communist Era’ in the 80s, when everybody would live in plenty. The families who moved to the ‘khrushchevki’, as these apartments were known, considered themselves lucky to have some privacy – even though people in neighbouring rooms could hear quite clearly through the paper-thin walls. Still, the ‘khrushchevki’ were popular in the 60s.
Moving from one part of the country to another was not easy. Every Soviet citizen had to have a registration, which meant he or she had to be registered at a certain address and to live at the same address. When people moved within one area, they simply changed registration. But to move to a different town or city, one had to have a reason to prove the authorities that it was really necessary. Mostly it was family matters, when people got married or died. Sometimes finding a new job could be the reason of moving.
Eleonora still had lots of old friends among the musicians, who used to play with David and who remembered her as a young girl of exquisite beauty and a heavenly voice. Now Eleonora relied on their help. She wanted to find a good job for her son, so that he would be able to move to Leningrad. Good musicians always were in demand, and soon Felix received several offers from different musical companies.
Eleonora’s next step was to find accommodation for exchange. The General’s and Eleonora’s apartments were both in very good condition, but even more important, they were in very prestigious blocks in one of the most desirable districts of Moscow. Eleonora soon had several offers of exchange in new blocks, all in the centre of Leningrad.
Nobody knew that while selecting variants of the apartment exchange, Eleonora was also doing other research: she was looking for a wife for Felix. Eleonora was a clever woman and she realised that sooner or later her son would have to marry, as already his single status was starting to arise suspicion. It was necessary to fake a marriage, to find a woman who would marry Felix for appearances only. And it had to be arranged before the move so that Felix would have a new family when they arrived in Leningrad. In this matter Eleonora couldn’t trust anybody, no one must know that her son was an active homosexual as this was a serious criminal offence in the Soviet Union, and Eleonora couldn’t risk her son’s life. To protect him she devised some plans to be implemented in the following couple of months.
Eleonora’s first smart idea was to find a handicapped woman of the appropriate age and from a remote region, far away from Moscow and Leningrad. She was lucky on the third week of her search, when in a hospice for the handicapped in Donetsk, Eleonora finally came across the woman she was seeking. Her name was Svetlana, and she was only two years older than Felix, but she looked really awful. Svetlana was from Makeyevka, a miners’ town not far from Donetsk. She came from a miner’s family, and worked at the factory after leaving school. She lived quite an ordinary life of a simple girl, thinking of getting married at the age of 25.
Then one day her father got drunk and wanted to rape her, and when the girl tried to defend herself, he beat her so badly, that he broke her back. Svetlana became paralysed from her waist down. She spent two months in the hospital in Makeyevka, then she was moved to Donetsk where the poor girl had several operations. Nothing helped, and finally the doctors gave up. The hospital staff were kind to her, they looked after her and provided food, so she could survive for a couple of years. It was against the regulations to keep her in the hospital, as her condition was untreatable, but the authorities knew that there was nowhere for Svetlana to go. Nobody cared about her, her mother had refused to take the girl back home. Eventually Svetlana was admitted into the hospice in Donetsk, and everybody forgot about her.
Eleonora found Svetlana stuck in the room with five other handicapped ‘patients’. Because of the constantly wet and dirty sheets, they all had developed bed sores which would not heal. The smell of urine and antiseptic was overwhelming. None of the patients ever had visitors, so Eleonora’s visit caused a lot of excitement. She bribed the nurse and treated all the patients of the room to chocolates and fruit, and was finally left alone with Svetlana. Eleonora asked for the wheelchair to take the girl outside, for a walk in the garden. Svetlana was so happy to have some fresh air and to sit in the sunshine that she didn’t express any worry or fear about the motives of a complete stranger.
“You must be curious about who I am and what I want of you,” Eleonora began. “Don’t worry,” she continued, “I’m not going to hurt you.”
“I’m not worried,” Svetlana said in a small voice. “Nobody can hurt me more than I’ve been hurt. But I’d like to know who you are and what your interest is.”
“My name is Eleonora, and I’m here to make you a proposal. I want you to listen to me first, without interruption. Then you can ask questions. Don’t rush your decision, I can wait for your answer. Please, trust me and take my words seriously. And whatever your decision is, it must remain between us. Nobody must know about what I’m going to tell you. You must promise me that.” Svetlana promised, as she was intrigued at the older woman’s words.
Eleonora started her story. She told the disabled woman about Felix and Eugeny, about their relationship and the necessity to find a fictitious wife for Felix. She didn’t go into details, but promised Svetlana that she would have her own room in the apartment and would be looked after by a professional carer, be taken for a walk in a wheelchair and have a lot of nice things to eat, she would also be able to read books or watch TV as much as she wanted. In return, she would have to accept and do what she was told and never to mention her past to anybody.
It was like a dream-come-true for a poor invalid, Svetlana couldn’t believe her own ears. The only thing she could think of was that Eleonora would change her mind and leave, would find some other lucky girl. “Yes, I agree, I agree,” she cried out when Eleonora finished her story. “Please, take me away! I’ll do whatever you say!” The two women briefly discussed the details, then Eleonora took Svetlana back to her room and returned to her hotel.
The next day Eleonora had Svetlana transported to the hospital to be spruced up. She paid well for Svetlana to be looked after and fed, so that she would look more presentable when Felix saw her.
Mission accomplished, Eleonora returned home. Now it was necessary to tell Felix and Eugeny about Felix’s wife-to-be and the coming marriage. Eleonora called a meeting in her apartment the same evening.
 “I have some very important news to share with you, my darlings,” she started. “We are soon moving to Leningrad, and we must think over all the details of our future life. Felix’s work has been organised. Zhenya’s studies are nearly finished, he only has 18 months to go at the Academy, and we can arrange it for him to complete his course as a correspondence student. Now, how about Kira? As her guardian, I can’t take her to Leningrad with me. But if she’s adopted, her new parents can take her wherever they need.”
“What are you talking about?” Eugeny cried out, and Kira was on her feet immediately. “We can’t let Kira be adopted, that was the whole idea!”
Felix put his hand on Eugeny’s shoulder to comfort his lover. “We’ve agreed on that, don’t you remember, Mum?”
“Yes, I do remember, and that is my point. And you will understand everything if you stop fidgeting and let me finish.” Eleonora paused, looking at her son and his lover. She knew that it wouldn’t be easy to make them accept her idea of Felix’s marriage.
“We must adopt Kira ourselves, or rather Felix must,” she said. “But a young single man won’t be allowed to adopt a girl, will he? Not unless he has got a wife.” There, she finally dared to announce it! The reaction was swift to follow.
“A wife?!! Now you want Felix to marry?!!” Eugeny was out of his mind with frustration and despair. “No, he can’t marry some woman, he can’t! I’ll die if he leaves me, I’ll kill myself! Felix, my love . . .” and Eugeny burst into tears, which made Felix very upset and defensive.
“Mum, what are you talking about?” He said, holding his hysterical lover and looking at his mother reproachfully.
“For God’s sake! Can you two stop your fretting and just listen? Am I the only one in this family who can think and talk any sense?” Eleonora told them about her idea of finding Felix a phoney wife, and how lucky they were to have found Svetlana.
 “You will marry Svetlana, and we’ll have your marriage certificate altered, so it will look as if you married eleven years ago. We’ll then arrange Kira’s adoption, and when we move to Leningrad nobody will know that the girl is not your real daughter. She will have your surname, and I will be her grandmother.”
“How will I explain marrying a handicapped woman? Nobody will believe me!” Felix sounded sceptical, but Eleonora understood that she had won, it was just the details they would have to plan – the main idea of marriage had been accepted. Even Eugeny looked calm and showed interest in her words.
“You will tell them that you and your new wife had an accident when you were on a holiday in the mountains. Your driver was killed, you were badly hurt, and your dear wife had her back broken. You are a noble man, you couldn’t leave her. So now you have to look after your handicapped wife and provide for her. In this way you will be left alone and not pursued after as a potential husband. All the women will respect you in your choice, and nobody will interfere with your personal life. And that is what we all want, isn’t it?”
“You are wonderful! You are so very clever!” Kira was all over Eleonora, hugging her and kissing her on both cheeks. “I’ll have a new mother and father, and a wonderful Granny! The girl calmed down; “But what about Zhenya?” she asked. “How does Zhenya fit in?”
“Zhenya will live next door, don’t worry, child. Just trust me, your Granny!” Eleonora hugged the girl tightly. “We can now go on with our exchange,” she continued. “There are three apartments we need to see and decide which two we go for. Actually, the people from all three apartments are prepared to pay us, as our apartments are so very good. So we’ll get some extra money, which will be very handy. This exchange will be only the first step. We need to move away from Moscow, from the people who know us too well.”
By the end of December the details for the exchanges were agreed upon. The apartments in Leningrad were in perfect condition – close to the metro stations and shops, with nearby parks. Eleonora’s plan was that they would only live in those apartments temporarily, as they were in different areas of the city. Their final goal would be to acquire two adjacent apartments, and join them together, creating one large area in which they could all live together.
Just before the New Year, Felix and Svetlana got married. Svetlana had spent several months in the hospital, and she was a different woman – Eleonora didn’t recognise her when Svetlana was brought to Moscow. She had put on weight, her sores had healed, her hair had grown and looked silky and shiny – she would be beautiful if not for her eyes, which still had the expression of a trapped animal. Felix met Svetlana in the hospital, when he and Eleonora came to collect her. Eleonora was the only one present at the ceremony, when the young people got married. After the ‘wedding’ Eleonora took away the marriage certificate to have it faked – to have the date of the marriage changed.
Svetlana still couldn’t believe that everything that had happened was for real: it all seemed like a wonderful fairy tale. At first Svetlana was very tense and scared about saying something wrong, to forget the story which Eleonora made her learn by heart. Svetlana spent hours daily reciting their fake story in her mind, inventing new details to make it sound more realistic. Yes, I must have really been blessed, she often thought. I was given a wonderful chance! And all thanks to Eleonora. I’m so grateful to her, I would give my life for her and Felix.
 Felix was pleased with his new wife, he also kept praising his mother again and again. Not only had she understood and accepted him as he was, she helped him in every way! Where would he be without her?


~***~


Chapter 13
1967, Leningrad
Eleonora, Felix, Eugeny, Kira, Svetlana

In February everything was ready for the move to Leningrad. The marriage certificate was safely revised, and Kira’s adoption papers were ready. Now Felix and Svetlana were a married couple with a twelve years life together. According to their documents, they had adopted Kira ten years ago, when she was just one year old. Eugeny had passed his exams at the Academy, and now he only had 18 months of studies before graduation.
Eleonora moved to Leningrad ahead of the others to search for suitable accommodation for the whole family. She was lucky to find what she wanted pretty soon. The house was old, built in pre-revolution time. In fact, it was the house, which Eleonora remembered very well: it was owned by her in-laws before they had been forced to move by the communists. There were only two apartments on the third floor, which was ideal for them as they would have the whole floor to themselves. Of course the apartments had occupants, but Eleonora knew how to get around that. She approached the families with her variant of an apartment exchange, offering them the unbelievable conditions: two apartments in new blocks, which didn’t need any redecoration or repairing. They were only happy to accept.
The two apartments in the old house were in dreadful condition. They needed new plumbing, new electric wiring, and new heating system, not to mention ordinary redecoration. Eleonora’s idea was to build a door in the dividing wall, to join the two apartments.  All this cost money, that’s when the extra money received for the apartments in Moscow came in handy. Besides, Eleonora had some valuable jewellery of her own that nobody knew about, which could be sold quite easily. The apartments soon started to look good.
Eleonora and Kira each had a separate bedroom, and they shared a bathroom. Svetlana had a room of her own with adjacent bathroom, while Felix was supposed to occupy the room next door, which in reality was used for Kira’s studies and exercises. Felix and Eugeny had a big bedroom, with adjacent bathroom, a living room, and a music room where they could practise without interfering with anybody else. One of the kitchens was transformed into a diner and a bar, the other was refurbished as a shared kitchen. The big room with the door connecting the two apartments was used as the common living room.
Svetlana was a member of the family now, and for her, this new life was like a dream come true. A professional carer came every morning and helped Svetlana to have a wonderful hot bath. Then she was dressed in nice clean clothes and taken to the diner, where Eleonora would be waiting, and the two women could chat while having breakfast. Svetlana was taken for a walk in a wheelchair if the weather was good. Kira was very friendly, she did her best to treat Svetlana as her mother, often talking about school and other small things. Felix came to see Svetlana every day.  He still felt a bit uneasy about her, as he didn’t like the idea of trusting a strange woman with the deadliest secret of their family. But as time passed, he became more and more relaxed about the whole situation.
For Eleonora moving to Leningrad was like moving back in time. She knew every building, every bridge, she walked the roads she used to take when she was a young girl. Joyful and sad memories overwhelmed her. The city was the same, yet it was different: there were many new buildings, new roads under construction, and a lot of old places in the centre still had traces of shelling from the war. On Nevski, the main street, there still were some signs: WARNING! THIS SIDE IS DANGEROUS DURING THE ARTILLERY BOMBARDMENTS.  
But the city was healing its wounds, it looked young and as romantic as ever.
Kira was the one who was the happiest about the move. Her mother, Klava, had been primarily interested in her son’s musical career and hadn’t paid much attention to Kira. But here in Leningrad, Kira found herself in a completely different environment. Due to Eleonora’s concern and interest in her future, she started attending a school that specialised in developing young children’s talents in the performing arts (dancing, singing and drama). Eleonora also worked with the girl at home. Apart from ballet and singing, Kira also attended drama lessons, so her time was strictly scheduled, but all these activities gave her so much joy!
In her new school, everybody new that Kira’s father was a famous musician, and her grandfather was a well known conductor and musician too, while her grandmother used to be a singer. Being from such a famous musical family, it was only natural for the girl to aim at a career in music and theatre. Kira was pretty and intelligent, and the boys showed lots of interest in her. The girls were envious of her success, and were not very friendly towards her. As for the boys, she mostly laughed at them and made fun if any one tried to become really close. The relationship between Kira and her ‘parents’ was quite friendly, but the girl never shared her dreams or secrets with them or spent more time with them than was necessary. Kira loved her ‘granny’, Eleonora, who had become her trustful friend. And of course her brother Eugeny was still her number one person.
Felix’s career was developing better than he could have expected. As Eleonora had predicted, good musicians were in great demand. Felix played in the Philharmonics, which was his main and official job, but he also organised several young players to form a jazz band – just as his father, David had done in the 1920s. The band became extremely popular in the restaurants of Leningrad, also they were invited to play at weddings and parties, and the musicians were paid handsomely. Eugeny was very enthusiastic to follow his friend, and soon Felix made him a member of the band.
Kira was in her last year at school, and had already started attending the studio at the operetta, where young talented performers could ‘polish’ their skills. She loved the theatre, and virtually lived on the stage, devoting all her time and passion to the wonderful world of the performing artist. Eleonora was very pleased with her, so was Felix, who often forgot that Kira wasn’t really his daughter, and praised her as a proud father. But most of all Kira sought the appraisal of her dearest Eugeny. As the years passed, her love for her brother only became stronger, she treated Eugeny as a younger brother who needed her protection.
Nobody could even suspect that Eugeny and Kira were brother and sister. They were lucky not to look alike. Eugeny had taken after Klava, with her thick dark wavy hair, great brown eyes with enormously long eyelashes, cherry lips, dimpled chin and wonderful complexion. Kira resembled Gregory more than Klava, though her face was a much more delicate version of her father’s. The girl had grown up to be an elegant and slender beauty, with light flying reddish hair and huge eyes that changed their colour from light blue to light-green with all the shades of grey in between, according to her mood. She was nicknamed Elf at the theatre, and perhaps, that was what she resembled most of all: a mythical spiritual creature of exquisite beauty and outstanding intelligence.


~***~


Part Two


Chapter 14
1971 - 1974, Leningrad
Eugeny, Kira, Vlada.

The last day at school was really special for Kira, and she was really excited about the party that Eleonora and Svetlana had organised for her at home. All Kira’s classmates were coming, plus all her friends from the studio group. The table was laid in the diner, while the living room was left empty for dancing, apart from essentials such as the piano. Felix also promised to play the violin and Eugeny had his guitar tuned and ready. Anything to please Kira!
In the early evening there was a big celebration organised at school, where all the successful school-leavers were presented with their certificates. Their parents and relatives, dressed up for the occasion, watched eagerly while the kids came on stage, one by one, to receive their certificates. They had each prepared a little presentation to thank the teachers and say goodbye to their school. Mostly it was just a short emotional speech, sometimes with a joke or two, which were accepted with laughter and a lot of applause. But some of the youngsters had prepared a poem to recite or a song to sing, some danced on stage with their favourite teacher. When it was Kira’s turn, she came up on the stage and stood there, looking at the audience, waiting for everybody to stop talking and look at her. Eleonora had taught her: “Always wait to have their full attention, never start while they are elsewhere. You want them with you!” And Kira  remembered that lesson. Eventually, everybody became silent, and all eyes were on her slim figure dressed in a light-green chiffon dress, with her hair made-up high. This grown-up hairdo made her eyes even bigger and brighter. The girl stood completely at ease, looking at the people in the hall with those huge eyes moist with hidden emotion - tears or joy.
“I want to thank everybody here,” she started, “all our teachers and all our families and friends. Thank you all very, very much for your support and your patience. But I would also like to say ‘Thank you’ to those who are not with us today. To all our dearest, who were killed in the war or died after. To those who are not with us today, but who will live as long as we remember them. To them I dedicate my song. And I would like my dear friend Eugeny to accompany me on the piano. Please, Zhenya!”
Eugeny stood up and quickly walked to the stage. He wasn’t aware of his little sister’s plans; the whole thing was as much a surprise for him, as for the rest of the audience. Kira met him at the stage with a smile and led him to the piano, telling him what she intended to sing. She talked quietly, so that no one could hear: “When they all start singing, I’ll come up to you and we will dance a waltz.” Then she went to the centre stage and made a sign to Eugeny who began to play. As soon as Kira started singing, the audience burst into applause. Everybody knew the song, it was the most popular wartime song and was so dear to every heart.  There were tears in her eyes, and one by one the people in the audience stood up and joined in singing. Just as she had anticipated! When every person in the big school hall was singing, she turned back to Eugeny, who stood up, and the two of them moved to the centre stage and began to dance. They looked so good together and they danced so professionally that the applause started again and continued long after they had left the stage.
“What was this about, you little cheeky thing?” Eugeny asked his sister, smiling at her. “You could have at least warned me!”
“You don’t need to be warned to play a little song!” Kira laughed. Then she looked Eugeny in the eyes and said very quietly: “It was for our Mum, she loved this song. She sang it to us when we were little”. There were tears in her eyes, and Eugeny felt very emotional about their dead mother maybe for the first time since she had died. He kissed Kira tenderly, not bothering that all the people were still looking at them.
The event went on for another hour, and then the kids and their relatives left to continue their celebration at home or in a cafe. Kira’s entourage followed her back home, where Svetlana with the help of her nurse had made a wonderful selection of snacks for the youngsters, as she knew that they would be hungry after the ceremony at school. They also had some champagne to celebrate. After the initial hunger was satisfied and the snacks nearly gone, everybody moved into the living room to enjoy some music and dancing. Eleonora sat down at the piano and her music flooded the apartment. She played waltzes and tangos, polkas and boogie-woogies, rumbas and foxtrots. Slow and quick, dreamy and sensual, and almost acrobatic – dances to please every taste, every temperament and every ability.
Kira never rested; she was by far the best dancer, rivalled only by one girl, her schoolmate Vlada, who was nearly as good. Vlada was a new girl at school, her parents had moved from Minsk. She was very jealous of Kira, and used every opportunity to show her superiority. Not that it mattered to Kira, as she knew too well that she was the best and the competition only made her life more thrilling.
 Felix danced with the girls, who were all happy to be his partner. He tried not to disappoint any of the girls, asking each of them to dance, and being nice and courteous. But of course the biggest attraction of the party was Eugeny, and all the girls were vying for his attention. He was a good dancer and he was handsome and slender. And the most important thing: he was single, which meant he was a potential boyfriend or husband.
Looking at the girls flocking around Eugeny, Eleonora spoke to Felix quietly: “In no time we can have another problem with Zhenya and one of these girls. At the moment he is not taking them seriously, they are just kids for him, but wait a year or two.”
“I know exactly what you mean”, Felix replied, “even now Zhenya might be not taking it seriously, but they certainly are. Look at that girl! See the way she’s looking at him? And she’s clinging to him like ivy to a tree!”
The girl Felix was talking about was Vlada. She really was behaving quite indiscreetly, hanging on Eugeny, pressing her breasts against him and resting her head on his shoulder. She must have had too much champagne, that’s what everybody thought, not giving the girl much attention. However, when the dance finished, Eugeny excused himself and left the room quite abruptly. Felix followed him to the kitchen.
“What’s the matter, Zhenya? You ran away from that girl? Come on, she’s only a kid, she’s Kira’s friend!”
“I don’t know if she’s Kira’s friend or not, but she was pressing her tits on me, and you know what?” Eugeny blushed, “She touched my dick!”
Felix only whistled. That’s what one calls young but ripe! She was not wasting any time, that was for sure. They had to do something about it before the situation went out of control. “Stay here, I’ll go dance with her. I’ll send Kira here to you.” And he went back into the dance hall.
Kira enjoyed herself, dancing with Felix and then Eugeny, and then each of the boys in turn. She had noticed Vlada’s behaviour with Eugeny and was thinking about how to react, when Felix came out of the kitchen and beckoned her. He asked her to go to the kitchen and keep Eugeny company.  Kira pretended she was hot and left the dance room. She found her brother in the kitchen. He was all alone sitting at the table, drinking champagne from the bottle.
“God’s sake, Zhenya, what are you doing?” Kira said with indignation. She had never noticed Eugeny drink before.
“It’s OK, don’t worry”, said Eugeny, “there was just a little bit left at the bottom of the bottle. Don’t think I’m going to get drunk here!”
“Zhenya, that girl, Vlada, was she hanging on you too obviously? What do you think?” Kira asked.
“Not only did she hang on me, she also touched my private parts, if you must know,”  Eugeny answered glumly.
Kira gasped. That is it! No, the girls will never leave him alone!
And to think that this time it was actually her, Kira’s fault! She had organised this stupid party, she had invited all the girls and exposed Eugeny to their inevitable pursuit. Now she had to do something to save her brother.
“Zhenya, let’s go back and you’ll sing and play the guitar. Everybody’s tired of dancing anyway. And then we’re going to have dinner, Mum has cooked something fantastic! And remember: you sit by my side. Let’s pretend you have taken a liking for me!” Eugeny looked at his little sister as if she was talking nonsense, but she insisted: “Don’t look at me like that! If Vlada is adult enough to touch your penis, she’ll be adult enough to believe that you might want to touch my tits or something else!”
Kira sat down on the edge of the table next to Eugeny and leaned close to him. At that moment the door opened and Vlada came in, her blazing eyes at the two of them. “Oh, you are here! I was wondering where you had gone!” She glared at Kira as if to make her disappear in hell. The door opened again and Felix hurried in, breathing hard.
“Where did you go, Vlada? We were in the middle of the most enchanting dance . . .  Would you like to come back with me? Leave these two together, I think they want to be alone!”
Vlada glared at Kira again and then reluctantly followed Felix. She stopped by the door. “Actually I came here to have a sip of water. Nothing else!” She took a glass, filled it from the tap and gulped the water. Then she went to the door and left the kitchen without looking back. Felix followed, looking back at Kira and Eugeny and winking at them.
Kira was very pleased. “You see, Felix has got the same idea! If you pretend you fancy me, no other girl will be interested in you. You will lose your attraction as a free man.”
“Kira, you are sixteen years old! Who will believe that I might take fancy to you! Think!” Eugeny laughed bitterly.
Still Kira insisted: “I don’t look sixteen! I look at least eighteen! And then, what does it matter how old I am? Maybe you like young girls!”
Eugeny jumped up from his chair. “Now you want me to look like a paedophile! Are you crazy? It’s out of the question!” He went to the door. “Come on, let’s do some singing before the dinner. I’m getting hungry!”
They returned to the rest of the company, and Eugeny picked up his guitar. “How about a little singing?” he said. The girls screamed with excitement and started rearranging the chairs in the room, so that everybody could sit down, and putting one chair in the middle for the singer. The so called ‘bard’ songs were very popular at that time, and Eugeny knew dozens and dozens of them and could sing some of them better than the original performer. He began with the songs that everybody knew, encouraging the others to sing along.
For another half an hour the party was happy singing with Eugeny playing guitar. It sounded magical and made familiar songs sound special and very intimate. Then Eugeny called Kira, and the two of them sang several romances, which were very much appreciated. When Kira finished the last of the songs, she leaned on Eugeny and whispered something. He looked up and nodded. Kira stood up and walked to Eleonora, who was sitting by the wall, enjoying the concert.
“Please Granny, sing something for us! Please!” Everybody started chanting: Eleonora! Eleonora! Eleonora! Sing! Sing!
“All right!” Eleonora conceded and stood up with a smile. “I’ll sing my favourite romance. But I’ll ask my son Felix to accompany Zhenya with his violin. Felix? Please son, our favourite!”
Felix came forward with his violin, and started playing. Eugeny joined in with his guitar. The duet sounded remarkable and was really stunning. The next moment Eleonora joined in singing. The beautiful old Russian romance seemed to go directly to the heart of every young boy or girl in the room. They listened motionlessly, almost forgetting to breathe. When Eleonora sang the last note, they were silent for a moment, and then burst out into applause.
“There, there, enough!” Eleonora was certainly pleased with such a genuine reception. She stood up, and the applause stopped. All eyes were on her, and she beamed with pleasure, looking really young and beautiful at that moment. “That romance was my husband’s favourite. And I sang it on the stage of the Kremlin Palace in 1942, after my David was killed.  I never sang it again, until now. Thank you all for your kind support.”
More applause followed along with requests to sing something else, but Eleonora reminded them about the dinner waiting in the other room: “Our hostess, Svetlana, Kira’s mother, has cooked the most delicious dinner for us! Let’s not let it get cold!”  Eleonora led the way into the dining room, where the table was laid and the food smelled absolutely mouth-watering.
Laughing and talking happily, the youngsters sat around the big table. Svetlana in her wheelchair was sitting at the head, with Felix and Eleonora by her side. She was genuinely pleased to see all these young people appreciate her cooking, and sat there looking very young with her cheeks blushed and eyes bright. Kira sat next to Eugeny, who was sitting by Felix. She didn’t want to leave her brother alone with Vlada, who would be quick to take the seat by his side.
The dinner was a great success, there was plenty of delicious food and lots of soft drinks to everybody’s taste. No more alcohol was allowed. The night was nearly over, dawn was approaching, and one by one the youngsters started saying goodbye and leaving. Everybody was very happy about the celebrations, and ‘Thank you!’ was the least to be said. Many of the girls had tears in their eyes as they kissed Eleonora goodbye.
Felix made sure none of the girls left without company, and called a taxi for those who lived far away. Eugeny gave a hearty goodbye to everyone, letting every girl kiss him on the cheek, and then departed to his own apartment. Vlada lingered a little bit in the hall, and before leaving she came up to Kira as if to say goodbye. But instead of ‘Thank you’ Kira heard something else, in a voice so low that it was barely audible, “He is mine! Keep away!” Having said those words, Vlada smiled menacingly at Kira and left.
The following day was a lazy one, no one was in a hurry to get up, and only about noon the whole family finally got together for their morning coffee.
“It went really well yesterday, thank you all again,” said Kira going round the table and kissing everybody gently.
“You are welcome, little sister,” Eugeny spoke for all. “We enjoyed it as well, didn’t we?” He was in a good mood, smiling and joking while having his coffee.
“By the way”, Kira went on, you must stop calling me sister even when we are alone. What if you forget and call me that in public?”
“Not a big deal,” Eugeny waved his hand dismissively. “You are like a sister to me, everybody knows that. We live next door to each other, we are good friends, so I don’t think it would matter that much even if I do call you sister in public. What do you think?” he turned to Felix, who was stirring his coffee thoughtfully.
Felix just shrugged, as if dismissing the subject as insignificant. It was clear that something else preoccupied him. Eugeny was about to ask what it was, when Kira spoke again, “Look everybody, I think I have a good idea. I mentioned it to Zhenya, but he didn’t want to know. Listen!” She turned to Eugeny who had rolled his eyes with an expression, No, not again!
Kira went on, noticing that she had everybody’s attention. “I thought that Zhenya and I can pretend that we fancy each other, that he’s my boyfriend. I know that I’m too young for serious relationship, but we could go out together.  Zhenya could buy me flowers and presents, take me to the cinema – we like each other’s company, so why not? And if everybody believes us and thinks we are really dating, they will leave Zhenya alone – I mean the girls! And if they don’t, I could always make a little scene for them! And Zhenya could explain that he’s madly in love with me and is only waiting for me to grow up.”
“Crazy idea,” Eugeny muttered under his breath. But nobody replied. It looked as if the whole family were thinking Kira’s words over quite seriously.
Finally Eleonora spoke, “Well, Zhenya, you think it’s a crazy idea, but have you got any better one? Has anybody got a better idea?” She looked over at the silent family. “What happens if any girl, starts seeking your attention again? What shall we do then? We had a problem in the past, and we hadn’t come to any decision about how to resolve the problem. Kira has thought of a solution. Let’s discuss it, I suggest we look into it earnestly.”
Felix was the first to talk. “I suppose it could work, at least for awhile. But what if you want to date a boy for real? What if you fall in love?” He was looking at Kira, trying to make her realise the seriousness of her plan. “It’s not only about Zhenya; it’s about you as well.”
“Yes,” spoke up Svetlana, who was sitting quietly until then. “What about Kira? It’s always Zhenya, Zhenya, as if Kira doesn’t exist! I’m against this plan! The girl needs a life of her own, she can’t be the shadow of her brother all her life! Zhenya must find some other solution. Maybe even marry a woman?”
She shouldn’t have said that. Eugeny jumped up as if he had been scalded. His face pale, his eyes blazing, his lips trembling, he rushed out of the room. The others remained seated at the table, not wanting to look at each other. Felix got to his feet and moved after his moody lover, stopping in the doorway and looking back. “I suppose you are right, Sveta, we all pay too much attention to Zhenya’s needs and forgetting the others. But the thing is, he can get into trouble easily and pull us after him. We are all in this together, and our success and well-being depends of how tight we hold to each other.” He looked at Kira, who was sitting with her head down, unhappy that she had triggered this outbreak. “You have a good plan, daughter, we’ll consider it and see how we can implement it without making you suffer.” Then he turned back and left the room going after their troublemaker, Eugeny.
After lots of discussion and arguing Kira’s plan was accepted. She was supposed to become Eugeny’s fiancée, living with her parents and meeting Eugeny regularly. She was free to make other friends and go out with them. If she met some other man and fell in love with him, she could break the engagement and marry anybody she liked.
Kira was making progress at the operetta studio, and in the spring she was given a chorus role in an operetta, and rehearsing took up most of her time. The first night performance was very well received, and as a result of the ‘word of mouth’ grapevine they had a full house every evening. Kira was outstanding, and gossip spread that she might soon be accepted for a more important part. She was getting a lot of attention from the men. There was always an admirer waiting for her at the stage door with flowers. She was polite and friendly with everybody, but didn’t let any one become especially close.
Kira was officially known to be engaged to Eugeny: they always went to the receptions and parties together, the newspapers and magazines published their photos standing hand-in-hand or embracing each other. Some operetta staff gossiped about Kira’s seeing some one else, but there was no evidence of her infidelity. At the same time, there was no date set for the wedding.
“We are not in a hurry,” Kira always laughed in answer to the questions about the wedding. “We love each other and we’re happy as we are!” Eugeny still attracted the ladies’ attention, but it was easier for him to play the part of a faithful fiancé, truly in love with his young girlfriend, declining any advances made towards him.
The notorious Vlada was still around, like a vulture, waiting for her time to attack, when her prey is vulnerable. She had made threats against Kira on several occasions. She had also approached Eugeny, telling him how much she loved him and saying that Kira was not worthy of even his little finger. After that conversation Eugeny became quite paranoid and had locked himself in the apartment for several days. When he finally left the apartment, Felix made sure not to leave his lover alone. Seeing Vlada, Felix came up to her and spoke politely and very firmly, asking her to leave his daughter alone. He also made it clear that if she continued harassing his daughter’s fiancé, he, Felix, would bring Vlada’s career to an end.


~***~


Chapter 15
1975 onwards, Leningrad
Eugeny, Kira

When Kira turned twenty, she called another family meeting. 
“I think it’s time we did something about our engagement,” she began. “We’ve been engaged for ages now, it’s beginning to look suspicious that we don’t get married. I’ve heard some people talk about Zhenya – people who have nothing to do with the theatre – and they were curious about him, about his marital status. Actually, one of them remarked about him being nearly thirty and never been married.” Kira paused, waiting for any disagreements. When there were none, she went on. “We became engaged to protect Zhenya from female interest. It has worked, but now is the time to do something more serious if we want to continue to protect him. I think we should get married.”
She had said it! She actually pronounced the words that were on their minds but remained unspoken. And would remain unspoken, because it was impossible! Felix stood up and started pacing around, as he always did when feeling distressed. Eleonora remained silent, her face very pale under her light make-up.
Eugeny was the first to break the silence: “I’ve heard enough nonsense from you, little sister! You talked me into this venture, and I agreed. OK, it worked, I felt protected for some years. But marriage? What are you talking about?”
“Keep your mouth shut, Zhenya,” Felix said. He had never spoken to his young lover in that way, being quite rude, and Eugeny sat back, surprised. “You agreed to this, as you say venture, and we all did. What did you expect to follow? You became engaged to my daughter and everybody accepted it. What follows the engagement if it doesn’t break? A wedding! Or do you want to break the engagement? Go on!  You’ll have lots of women around you the moment you do it!” Felix sounded sarcastic and indignant, he didn’t notice that he had called Kira his daughter. It was the first time since the two men had been together that Felix was not supporting Eugeny, but seemed to be against him.
Immediately Eugeny’s lips trembled and his eyes filled with tears. He was about to say something, when Kira spoke again. “Stop, please, we can’t start arguing with each other! We have the whole world against us, don’t you realise? We must stick together! It’s our duty to protect Zhenya, because he’s the most vulnerable of us. I’m sure, if any of us needed help, Zhenya would give it.” She hugged her brother tenderly, and he embraced her desperately, seeking some much needed comfort.
Eleonora looked at the brother and sister with her big sad eyes. Then she spoke in a low voice. “Kira, do you realize what marriage means? If you marry Eugeny, you won’t be able to see other men. What if you want to have children? It’s the greatest happiness in the world to be a mother. You can’t deny yourself that happiness. What if you fall in love with somebody else? You are a very attractive girl, and lots of men look at you with adoration. You can’t wreck your life even for the noble cause of helping your brother! You mustn’t sacrifice yourself!”
“But I want to marry Zhenya, don’t you understand? I love him more than I could ever love any other man! He’s always been my idol, ever since I was a little girl. It would make me happy to know that he is happy. And other men! Don’t be naive, Granny! I’ve known other men, I’m not a virgin! Yes I want children, but that is still possible. I can have a child with someone else and just pretend that Zhenya is the father! And if I fall in love, well, then we’ll talk about it! Agreed?”
This passionate speech left the others speechless and they stared at Kira with mixed emotions. If they were shocked by her statement that she was not a virgin, they didn’t show it. It became clear that the girl’s strong character, and her stubbornness would prevail. Besides, there was no better option. Being married would make Eugeny immune to the feelings of other women, even if they were persistent.
“OK then, you win.” Felix was the one who finalised the family meeting. “Marriage it is. When do you want to get married?”
“Thank you Daddy, thank you Granny!” Kira sprang up and started hugging and kissing Felix and Eleonora, though the old woman was silent. “The sooner the better, what do you think, Zhenya?” She hugged and kissed Eugeny, and he held her tight.
“Thank you, Kira! You are my salvation and you will soon be my wife!”
And so it was that they got married. The wedding was conducted at the registry office in Leningrad in the summer, but the reception was held at the dacha in Komarovo. In summer the nights were short and full of mysterious blue light. The tables were laid out in the garden and decorated with candles, their flickering light reflecting in the crystal glasses. Kira looked stunningly in her white lace wedding dress, with the emerald earrings and necklace – Eleonora’s present. These were the stones from her father’s collection, the last real valuable gems to remain in her possession. Eleonora had to sell most of the jewellery but had kept the emerald set for a special day. That day had arrived and she was proud to give the emerald set to her granddaughter, Kira.
When Eleonora offered the emeralds to Kira, the girl refused to accept them. “They are too valuable! You mustn’t give them away!” She gasped when she saw the deep green glow of the stones. “They look alive! They must know something important!” Kira was fascinated by the beautiful gems, and Eleonora really wanted her to have them.
“You are part of my family, Kira, don’t forget it! I love you as my own. You are my dear girl, my granddaughter, and I want you to have these stones which had been in our family for generations. I hope you know what you are doing and I wish you happiness.”
Kira accepted the necklace and earrings with tears in her eyes. She hugged Eleonora and held her tightly. “You are the best grandmother a girl could dream of. Thank you for being there for me and for Zhenya. Thank you for helping us in the tragic time and supporting us in everyday life. I love you, Granny. Thank you for these wonderful stones, I’ll be wearing them with pride and gratitude.” She kissed the old woman and then focussed on getting ready for the wedding.
It was a lively wedding reception with lots of really good music – most of the guests were musicians and singers, and they queued to join in. The bride and the groom performed their waltz and were rewarded with an ovation. They were so beautiful, individually and as a stunning couple, they could be models for a magazine, a perfect match. After the waltz everybody started dancing, and there was no end to the music, and the laughter.  Even Eleonora danced with Felix, and they deserved the rapturous applause that they received for their marvellously passionate tango.
Felix didn’t dance much after that, he mostly sat by Svetlana’s side away from the crowd, and the two of them seemed to be in deep conversation. Svetlana looked pale and stressed. She hadn’t approved of Kira’s wish to marry Eugeny, even though she knew that the young people wouldn’t sleep together. Prior to the wedding, Svetlana had tried to talk Kira out of the ‘crazy’ idea, and accused Eugeny of being selfish and spoilt. However, Svetlana was in denial of the fact that it was Kira’s plan from the beginning.
Svetlana also blamed Felix: “You shouldn’t have agreed to this!” She said, looking at the crowd of happy young people. “You should have stood by your daughter’s side once in your life, not your hysterical lover! He’s a freak! He’s not reliable, we can’t trust him!”
Felix only sighed. It was not for the first time that Svetlana had started this conversation. She was furious when she first heard about Kira’s plan to marry Eugeny, and she hadn’t calmed down since.  “Look Sveta,” Felix spoke in a tired voice. “It was Kira’s idea, you know this. You also know that she’s a very stubborn person, and nobody could ever reason with her. Nobody. Never. Not even her mother or her father. She loves Zhenya more than anyone in the world, more than she could love another man. And she worries about him. Zhenya is not hysterical, he’s just very emotional and unstable. He needs protection, and now, when he’s married to Kira, we both can protect him and take care of him.”
“Zhenya this, Zhenya that! He’s a grown-up man! He should be taking care of his wife!” Svetlana realised that she had said too much, as she respected her husband’s choice and had always accepted Eugeny as Felix’s partner. It was the stress of the wedding that made her lose the plot.
Felix understood what was going on in Svetlana’s mind. He was a kind man, gentle, even lax. He was also good to Svetlana, treating her as a family member, with respect and with a real love – not romantic, more of a brotherly kind of love. But Zhenya was his passion, the love of his life. He couldn’t let this woman talk about his lover in a derogatory way.
“You make me say what I don’t want to, Sveta. You must have forgotten the whole story, the way you came to our family. Do you want me to remind you? You became the member of our family, so that Zhenya and I could enjoy our love and be together. That was the purpose of our marriage. If you had some objections, you should have spoken there and then. My mother told you everything, and it was your choice to be with us. It’s too late to start criticising Zhenya or me or our way of life.” Felix was very angry. He also felt distracted and out of place, as if Eugeny’s wedding had drawn a line between them. Felix stood up, “And now, if you excuse me, I must be with my daughter on her wedding day.” And he strolled towards the dancing, leaving his wife alone. On the lawn, where most of the activity was, he found Eugeny and talked to him quietly. Eugeny smiled and nodded, and then went to the piano.
Eugeny sat at the piano, waiting for Felix with his violin. The two of them were playing together again, a duet both in music and in life that was truly sublime. Felix started playing the Brahms rhapsody, and Eugeny joined somewhere on the way. The two instruments harmonized wonderfully as the players took turns to take the lead. It was improvisation, and both musicians were carried along by their own skills, trying to make the most of the instruments.
Everybody on the lawn had stopped when the first notes of the rhapsody sounded. Then more people came from the house to listen, to witness the creation of this masterpiece. When the music finished, Eugeny sat at the piano for some time seemingly unable to move. Felix lowered his violin and bow, and stood there with his head bent down. There were tears in his eyes, which nobody could see, but which Eugeny somehow sensed.
It was Kira who sensed that the situation was going out of control, and who saved it. With a cry: “Oh Daddy!” she ran up to Felix and hugged him. “Thank you!” She cried. “It was wonderful! What a present! And Zhenya”, she left Felix and turned to Eugeny, who was still sitting there at the piano, “My dearest husband, thank you! Thank you both! It was beautiful!” And she started to applaud, and in a moment everybody joined her.
“Time for refreshments!”  Eleonora called from the porch, and the young people drifted to the house for some food and drinks. Kira stayed with Eugeny, waiting for Felix to join them.
“What was that outburst about?” She asked quietly. “Was everything going too smoothly? Were you both bored? God’s sake! When you two played that piece of Brahms, only the blind wouldn’t have seen that you are lovers! Are you crazy? Do you want to ruin everything!”
The two men just stood there looking at each other, and there was so much love and passion in their eyes, that Kira just shrugged and went to the house, leaving them alone. Eleonora approached from the house and wrapped her arm round her son’s shoulders.
“Come on, boy, let’s go have a drink. Come Zhenya. You played very well, beautifully. I’ve never heard that piece played with such vigour.” Kira turned back on hearing Eleonora’s words, and murmured, “Bloody geniuses!” But it was clear that the two men were forgiven.
There was more music and more dancing that night: Eugeny sang a solo and a duet with Kira, then Eleonora sang, after which everybody cheered and applauded. A lot of champagne was drunk and lots of food eaten, and by the dawn everybody was finally tired and ready for some rest. Some guests were leaving to catch the first train. The wedding night was over.
* * *
The years that followed Eugeny’s wedding didn’t bring much change in the relations between the two men. They still lived together, sharing the bedroom, and seeing the rest of the family in spare moments and during the weekends. On social occasions they usually went out as a family group: Eleonora, accompanied by the two younger couples. They often went to the opera and ballet, dined at a restaurant or went to an art gallery or an exhibition of a new artist. But Felix never took Svetlana out alone. After the conversation they had at the wedding, Felix tended to avoid his wife. Similarly, Eugeny and Kira often went out in the company of other young musicians and actors, but hardly ever just the two of them.
Eugeny worked full time for the Philharmonics, where Felix played first violin. They both still played with their own band, but it was becoming less and less interesting for them. In the seventies the censorship of the Communist Party became very strict, every song or piece of music had to be ‘ideologically correct’ and fit for the task of raising the builders of Communism. So the band could only play popular songs, and Eugeny had to be very careful choosing his repertoire. The band went on tours, and the lovers used the time away from home to be together. They could stay in the hotel in one suite without arising anyone’s suspicion. They could go out for a drink or a meal together, and nobody would think anything wrong about it. They didn’t have to pretend to show interest in girls, as they both were married now, and obviously loyal to their wives.
Kira was doing very well in her studies at the studio, and her work at the operetta. She also had a couple of affairs, but finished them as soon as they started to become too demanding. She was still happy to be free, not emotionally attached to any particular man. There was plenty of time ahead for everything: to fall in love, to have children. Kira was sure she would meet someone special one day and then she would have a baby. They had discussed it with Eugeny, and he was happy to become a ‘father’. Having children would only make their family look more stable.
The only thing that spoilt their ideal family life was Vlada. Everybody in the operetta knew that she had a crush on Eugeny, but they also knew that he adored his wife and was loyal to her. Vlada tried to spread malicious rumours about Kira having affairs with other men. Some of these rumours were actually true, but nobody listened to Vlada, thinking that she was gossiping. The rumours only served to make Kira more careful, hiding her secret life form Vlada.


~***~


Chapter 16
1980, Leningrad
Kira and Denis

In the years which followed their marriage, Kira met a couple of men who she liked enough to have a long relationship. One was an actor who worked in the local drama theatre. His name was Denis. He was young and ambitious, and very handsome. Lots of women sought his attention and he had lots of lovers, but Kira seemed a good variant for him – she was married and couldn’t therefore ‘claim’ his freedom.
Kira fell in love for the first time in her life – the usual romantic type of love. She understood that Denis was only using her for some kind of ego boost, that he was sleeping with other women besides her, that he was probably boasting being Kira’s lover to those other women, but she didn’t care. Being in bed with Denis was ecstasy, and she wanted more of it! She forgot about her career, and her family, the only thing that mattered for her was Denis’s love.
Of course this affair couldn’t have been kept secret. Denis wasn’t discretion itself, and Kira didn’t make much effort to hide her feelings either. Though a perfect actress on the stage, in real life she couldn’t act at all, and all her thoughts and feelings were easily read. Those thoughts being mostly about Denis’s strong body and his arms holding her tight, and those feelings being about her passionate love with him – no wonder Kira was receiving strange glances from the colleagues at work and even strangers in the street.
Eleonora found out about the affair, I told her! I knew it would happen sometime! But Eleonora wasn’t the type of woman who would fuss about things that had already happened and couldn’t be changed. What was the point accusing Kira with ‘I told you! You should have listened to me!’ Something had to be done and quickly. Of course Eleonora tried to talk to Kira and reason with her. Kira listened to her Granny and agreed, and promised she would end the affair, but her face told a different story, and Eleonora knew that the end was not even close. Eugeny, strangely, didn’t mind. He understood his ‘little sister’ and wished her happiness. He was even thinking of divorcing Kira, to set her free. However, Eleonora explained that Denis was not the kind of a man who could be trusted. “He will use her and leave her,” she told Eugeny. “He probably only sleeps with her, because she is your wife, and he feels flattered.”
Kira’s colleagues at the operetta discussed her affair: some of them were supportive and tried to warn Kira about Denis, but others just enjoyed themselves watching the disaster approach.  And Kira’s old rival, Vlada was among the latter. But Vlada didn’t just watch the affair progressing, she decided to interfere and humiliate Kira. Her idea was to make Eugeny aware of his wife’s infidelity and make him leave Kira. And then he would be free again, and available for her, Vlada! To succeed in her Machiavellian plan, Vlada made sure Denis noticed her at one of the receptions. After that it was not difficult to find the way to his bed – Denis would never say no to a pretty woman. But the young actor was not in a hurry to leave Kira and make Vlada his permanent lover. He slept with her occasionally, but Kira was still his mistress number one.
Eugeny pretended nothing was happening and only laughed if somebody told him about his wife and Denis. “They are just playing a game, famous actors and actresses are bound to have lovers! Don’t take them seriously, they will stop it if nobody pays attention.” He took Kira out even more frequently than ever, he followed her to receptions and parties, so that she wouldn’t be seen alone with Denis in public. He even took her on a holiday in Czechoslovakia during the middle of a season. Kira didn’t want to go, but Eugeny made her, using his authority as an older brother.
“Look, Kira, if you carry-on with this guy, people will laugh at us and not believe our story, then I’ll have to divorce you. And where will that leave me? I’ll be as vulnerable as ever. Your friend Vlada seems to only have eyes for me and dreams of having me. Please, kid, think about me. Don’t leave me, I need you. You’ve always been good to me, you’ve always stood by my side, even in front of our father. Remember, how you made him go away, calling him ‘a fascist’?” Kira cried at these reminiscences and agreed to go with him.
While Eugeny and Kira were away on holiday, Vlada made her claim on Denis even stronger. She tried very hard to make Denis like her, and actually succeeded. He let her move in with him. He spent time with other women, but didn’t bring anybody home. Unlike Kira, Vlada could act in real life, and her performance proved to be more convincing and appealing to the young man than Kira’s true feelings.
Kira’s obsession with Denis didn’t subside during their time apart from each other. She was as passionate about him as she was before going on a holiday. So the first thing she did when the taxi dropped her and Eugeny at their home was to sneak quietly away. She took another taxi and in ten minutes was at Denis’s place. Kira ran up the stairs not waiting for the lift, she was so impatient to clutch her lover and kiss him all over. She opened the door with her own key and the first thin she saw in the entrance hall was Denis coming out of the bathroom and only wearing a towel round his hips.
The young man stopped and gazed at Kira in bewilderment. He didn’t expect her back without a telephone call. Now he stood in the middle of the hall, trying to think of a way out of the awful situation: one mistress was in the bedroom waiting for him, and the other had just walked in and was definitely thinking about using the same bedroom. His reaction changed from shock to amusement as he thought, It would be sad . . . if it wasn’t so funny.
Kira made a few steps to her lover, laughing loudly and happily, and suddenly stopped. The door to the bedroom opened and there was a naked figure standing in the doorway. At first Kira didn’t even recognise Vlada, she was so shocked to see another woman in her beloved man’s apartment, that she couldn’t focus on her. Vlada was the first to break the awkward silence.
“Here you are! A faithful wife! You are too late my dear! This is my man now! And I’ll have your husband soon . . .  as well! You bitch!” Vlada was shouting more curses, but Kira was not listening. She turned away and walked out of the apartment as if in a dream. She was walking as if in a dense fog, which had enveloped her, clinging to her body and obstructing her movements, blocking her ears from the hideous yells of that naked woman in the apartment. She was crying so badly, that the tears were running down her face and dripping down on her coat like rain. But she didn’t even realise she was crying.
Neither did she hear the loud “Shut up!” and the sound of a slap, which was the way Denis reacted to Vlada’s outburst. He wasn’t at all happy about the confrontation with Kira. The original idea was to see both women at the same time, as he had been doing, but Vlada’s possessive behaviour made him mad. He wouldn’t let this woman interfere with his love life! He would teach her a lesson! The lesson was taught very promptly: Denis collected Vlada’s clothes and threw them out of the apartment, pushing the screaming woman after them. The neighbours opened their doors, complaining about the noise, and some threatened to call the police. Vlada had to get dressed and leave pronto.
Kira didn’t see the results of the ‘lesson’. When she went out into the darkness of the street, she could barely see or realise where she was going. Somebody was there to put his arms round her – it was Eugeny. He had seen Kira get into a taxi and drive away, and he immediately understood where she was going. He followed his wife in another taxi to the house where Denis lived. Eugeny decided to wait for her there even if it took the whole night, as he didn’t want to return home without her. When Kira reappeared just after ten minutes, he realised that something had gone wrong. He led Kira to the taxi and took her home.
Back home Eleonora and Felix were waiting. They saw immediately that something was wrong but didn’t say anything until the four of them were in the warm atmosphere of their candlelit sitting room. There was a bottle of wine on the table and some light snacks – Eleonora had been planning a happy family reunion. Eugeny briefly explained the situation, but he didn’t know why Kira had left her lover so promptly and why she was so upset. Everybody looked at Kira. She started crying again, covering her face with her hands, trying to hide from the three pairs of curious eyes.
“Don’t look at me like that! I know I’m a horrible wife and I deserve it! But it hurts so badly!” She was crying aloud, not able to stop.
It was clear that something had happened at Denis’s place that hurt Kira badly and made her run away. It was something to do with another woman – that much was clear. Eleonora sat beside Kira and put her arms round her, hugging the crying woman as if she were a child, whispering those comforting things that mothers usually tell their children when the little ones are hurt and so sorry for themselves. The crying went on for some time, but eventually subsided, and soon Kira was sobbing hard, but the hysterics had stopped. Eleonora made Kira drink some wine and put a blanket around her, as the young woman had begun to shake as a result of shock. Finally Kira was able to talk and told the rest what she had experienced in Denis’s apartment.
“It was Vlada!” Kira said, on the verge of crying again. “Of all the women, he had chosen her, my rival, the one who hates me! It’s so humiliating!”
It was probably the idea of the humiliation that turned Kira’s self pity into anger. The anger made her feel more powerful and it was a good feeling, considering the situation. Losing her lover might have been very painful, but coming to hate him would cure her of the obsession in no time. The four faithful friends sat together and drank their wine till the candles burned down. Then they went to bed, reassured that the worst was over.
When Kira went to work next day, she was a little pale, but confident enough and quite cheerful. Everybody was asking about her holiday in Karlovy Vary. She spoke eagerly about the beautiful mountains, the magic little town, expensive shops that sold intricate crystal glassware. She didn’t notice when Vlada came in, and only guessed by the reaction of the other people that either her adversary or Denis must have entered, as everybody suddenly became silent. Kira looked at the woman, who had been a thorn in her side for years. Vlada looked bad, it was clear that she had been crying, her hair was undone and clothes messy. She came up to Kira with a menacing air, and Kira had to take a step back.
“Don’t you think you’ll have him back! He’ll be mine, he is mine! And I’m going to tell your husband about yesterday’s visit, don’t you doubt that!”
Vlada was shouting and laughing at the same time, her spit flying around at the others, and one of the staff said loudly, “Shall I call the ambulance? It looks like we’re dealing with a fit of hysterics here!”
This made Vlada sober up, she closed her spiteful mouth and said almost calmly, “You wait, your husband will leave you for me. Everybody here can be my witnesses!”
Kira merely shrugged and left the room.
The next act of this spectacle was Denis’s arrival. He didn’t look his best either. When Kira saw her ex-lover through the window, she quickly went to the ladies’ room. She suddenly felt dizzy and sick and needed to sit down on the chair in the corner.  The nausea passed, but she was still shaky when she stood up. And it had nothing to do with Denis. Kira realised that she had missed her period and in all the excitement of the holiday didn’t even remember about it. Could it be real? Her dream had come true! She must know at once!
Kira slightly opened the door of the ladies’ room and looked out. There was nobody to be seen in the long corridor. She slipped out and walked quickly to the exit, not bothering to collect her coat from the dressing room. It was quite cool outside, but not too cold, and there were always taxis in front of the operetta building. Kira got into one and gave the address of the hospital. The driver looked at her in the rear-view mirror.
“Are you all right? Would you rather call the ambulance?” He thought that the woman was unwell and needed hospital help.
“I’m perfectly all right, thank you!” Answered Kira with a cheerful voice, and laughed happily. “I think I’m going to be a mother!”
Kira’s hopes came true, indeed, she was pregnant. The doctor was positive, but to make sure she would have blood and urine tests. Kira called another taxi from the hospital and went back to the theatre, where her colleagues were wondering about her disappearance. They said that Denis had left not long ago, that he was furious with Vlada and looking for her, Kira.
“I really don’t know what that man wants from me,” Kira spoke in the same wonderful voice, which seemed to come back to her from her youth. “I don’t want to see him again. If he turns up, could somebody please tell him that.” And she went to her dressing room to get ready for the evening performance.
The news about pregnancy was too important to be told to her family casually. Kira called home during the break and asked Eleonora to summon everybody for ten o’clock, have some best champagne and caviar ready, but not to tell anybody that it was her, Kira’s idea. “I have some news to tell you all,” she told Eleonora, but didn’t explain anything. “Be ready by ten, I’ll see you then,” and she hung up.
Eugeny came to meet her after work. “What’s that about this evening?” He was curious. “Are you going to leave me after all? You would rather tell me first!”
Kira laughed and kissed him on the lips, so that all those who were nearby could see it. “I love you!” She said very tenderly, and Eugeny only lifted his brows inquisitively. There were lots of people at the back door of the theatre, and Kira noticed from the corner of her eye that Vlada was there too. Seeing Kira and Eugeny together certainly didn’t make her evening. Kira didn’t want to tell anybody the news until the family knew, so she called to all the people assembled, “Wait until tomorrow and I’ll tell you some news.”
At home everybody was waiting in the sitting room, with champagne and caviar on the table, which was decorated with flowers and bathed in candlelight. Svetlana was in the wheelchair, the rest were standing, all full of anticipation. And Kira told them.
“I’m going to be a Mum! I’m going to have a baby!” She had never been that happy in her life. She was beaming with joy, and of course everybody shared her happiness. Eugeny and Felix could now relax, the secret of their relationship would be as secure as it could be. Nobody would suspect a man to be of a non-traditional sexual orientation if he was married with a child. Eleonora was mostly happy for Kira, as the girl was finally going to have something that belonged to her alone – the blessing of her own child! Svetlana was also happy for Kira, besides, she thought that being a grandmother would give her some more importance in the family, and she could participate in looking after the child.
What a happy moment for the whole family! They had some champagne and caviar – a special celebration. Then they talked about the future after the baby had arrived. Where the baby would sleep, how they would have to rearrange the furniture in the rooms. Whether it would be a boy or a girl, and what name would they choose. Nobody ever mentioned the father of the child, as if it was out of the question. Eugeny was to be the baby’s father, and there could never be even the slightest discussion about it. Finally that eventful day came to an end, and the happy family retreated to their bedrooms.
When Felix and Eugeny were alone in the dark of their room, Felix asked.
“Are you happy about being a father?”
“And you about becoming a grandfather?” Eugeny answered with a question.
They both laughed and kissed each other. The two men were experienced lovers now and they enjoyed each other’s body with a passion which combined desire and warm affection. After having sex they usually lay with their bodies entwined and talked.
“Have you seen that young boy, Slava?” Eugeny suddenly asked.
Felix turned his head to look his lover in the eye, “Why?”
Eugeny insisted: “Have you? I know you have, you wouldn’t have missed anyone like him. I know you. What do you think of him?”
Felix lay back without answering for some time, then he said, “Innocent, unspoiled, very real. And very pretty!” He laughed with his special throaty laugh, which gave Eugeny goose pimples all over his body and made his penis harden.
“You dirty old man!” Eugeny rolled over Felix, so that their faces were close again, and their bodies pressed together. He could feel that Felix was beginning to have a hard-on as well.
“You perverted . . .  naughty . . .  nasty creature! I know what you have in mind!” He began kissing his lover on the lips and face. Felix moaned and embraced Eugeny tightly.
Next afternoon, when Kira arrived at work, there was a surprise for her in the corridor near her dressing room. Denis was standing leaning against the wall, looking in the direction of the entrance door, so that there was no way of escape. Kira walked towards him, pretending not to see him. She was near the door to her dressing room when Denis spoke.
“Baby, I’m sorry, I know you must be mad at me, but it was not my fault. You know that bitch, she could make her way up anybody’s arse. It’s over now, I dumped her that same evening. Come on, babe, talk to me!”
But Kira passed him as if he were non-existent and went on to the conference room, where all the staff was to gather for the meeting before the evening performance. She was going to tell them about the baby, and Denis was the last thing on her mind. He was surprised by Kira’s behaviour; he was sure that she would come back to him as soon as he made a move. She didn’t, and he didn’t know what to do next. He wasn’t used to apologising to the girls or asking them back. In fact, it had always been him who dumped the women. None of the women had ever left him. He would decide when to leave Kira; at the moment he wanted her. Denis followed Kira to the conference room and entered just as she was talking to the chief producer.
The chief’s wrinkled face suddenly broke into the widest of smiles. He pulled Kira to him and kissed her on both cheeks. Then he spoke loud, over the buzz of the big room: “Hey, everybody! Great news! Our little girl here is going to make us all happy uncles and aunts soon!”
And as the noise suddenly faded, it was Vlada who spoke. “That’s great news indeed! And here’s the happy father!” She pointed at Denis who was standing in the doorway. Everybody’s attention was immediately shifted to the young man. Was it true? Was he really Kira’s baby’s father? What a dramatic situation for the ‘audience’ who waited with bated breath for the next move!
Kira was not a good actress in real life, but this situation was not real life for her. She was acting, she had been acting ever since she had married her own brother. Now it was just another act of the play she had to perform. She looked round, to face her ex-lover. “Who, THIS? You mean THIS is my baby’s father?” Kira was speaking loud in her stage voice. Her face showed genuine surprise but it also showed disgust, and even Vlada believed her. The precise expression said: this useless miserable creature, how can you imagine any woman to have a child with him?
Kira came up to the bewildered Denis and put a hand on his shoulder in a reassuring gesture. “You poor boy,” she said, really addressing the audience, as this was also part of the performance. “You try so hard sleeping around, but none of your women take you seriously, you’re just a toy, a thing to play with for a short while. No, I don’t think you’ll be used to father a child, at least not for some time. Until you learn how to keep a woman by your side emotionally – and to support her financially!”
That was a big stone thrown into the young man’s pond, as everybody knew that he was a gigolo, living off the money his mistresses gave him and using their presents. Some people laughed, some just smiled politely and looked away. Furious, Denis wanted to say something, to destroy this woman, who only two days ago came to his apartment driven by lust, but he couldn’t find the right words. Even Vlada, his usual ally, would not support him now, after he had dumped her. Nobody would believe him, it was so terribly humiliating! Denis’s beautiful face suddenly contorted into an ugly grimace just like a frustrated child, and he had to dash out of the room, so that nobody could see him cry.
As Denis left, Kira only shook her head disapprovingly, as if to say, There, you see? What can you expect? After that, even if some gossipers still thought that she was carrying Denis’s child, they wouldn’t dare talk about it. But if they did, so what? She couldn’t shut every mouth, could she? In reality, Kira did worry about Denis being the baby’s father. What if the child took after him? Denis was blond with big blue eyes, and neither she nor Eugeny looked anything like that. But then Kira decided not to worry about such a minor thing as who the baby took after. There’d be plenty of time to think about it later, when they had seen the baby.
Eugeny and Felix also got their portion of attention from their colleagues. All the staff were married and most had children and even grandchildren. That’s why everybody was so happy about Eugeny’s and Felix’s future changes in the family. The two men were treated as if they were going to give birth themselves! After the afternoon rehearsal, during a long break, the two lovers went to their favourite cafe for a cup of coffee and a snack. They frequented this place, as the coffee was good, the sandwiches tasty and not expensive, the place tidy and not crowded. That evening they had invited a young boy with them, the one they had talked about the previous evening. The boy’s name was Slava Kot, and that was how it all began between the three of them.


~***~


Chapter 17
1986 – 1988, Leningrad
Angelina, Kira, Slava Kot

At the age of thirty one Kira could say that her life was a success: she had a lovely five-year-old daughter, a loving and understanding husband, and a mother-in-law who was a real treasure. She also had a dream job, which was not only very well paid, but something Kira really loved doing and did very well. Not many women could boast the same.
Kira’s pretty little girl, Angelina, was very bright and already attending ballet lessons and showing good potential. Kira was fortunate that her daughter actually looked very much like Eugeny – having taken after Klava, Kira’s and Eugeny’s mother. Everybody who saw Eugeny with his daughter always marvelled at the little girl, who was so like her father: the same big brown eyes, framed with spiky black lashes, the same peach complexion, the same dark-red lips. The only thing Angelina inherited from her mother was the hair, which was dark-blond, voluminous and unruly – a striking contrast with her brown eyes!
Eugeny turned out to be a very good father. He liked walking with his daughter, especially in the company of Felix, the proud grandfather. The two men often took little Angelina to their rehearsals, where she sat as quiet as a mouse, listening to the music. Eugeny played the piano at home too, and when Felix joined in with the violin they had the family concerts, which everybody loved. Ever since she was a baby, Angelina fell asleep to the sound of music or singing, it was as natural for her, as her mother’s goodnight kiss.
Eleonora also played and sang for the girl. She started teaching Angelina to play the piano when the girl was only two, not formal teaching but games involving the instrument. Soon the piano became a natural part of little Angelina’s life. No child could imagine a better grandmother than Eleonora who loved her granddaughter, and took interest in all the girl’s activities. Eleonora was always good at giving advice and answering questions, which the five-year-old girl had lots of.
Svetlana also liked her young granddaughter. When the girl was little, the two of them were often taken for a walk together: Svetlana in her wheelchair and Angelina in her pram. The two of them could be left in the garden for hours, the grandmother rocking the pram gently if the child started crying. However, when Angelina became a toddler, Svetlana couldn’t look after her any longer, and Eleonora found a nanny, who came every day for several hours.
Kira went back to work when Angelina was only two. She couldn’t live without performing, and she longed to be back on stage, to sing and dance again. Kira started rehearsing shortly after giving birth, and was soon in good form, as fit and trim as ever.
With the advent of perestroika things changed at the operetta, same as everywhere in the country. Censorship became less strict and the actors had more freedom in what and how they performed. It was such a good feeling!
The casting for the new operetta took longer than was planned. It involved the ‘old’ staff of the theatre, but also some new graduates from the Institute of Culture, who were invited for the auditions. The chief producer, together with the casting director, chose one of the newcomers for the main male part, which caused jealousy amongst the ‘old’ staff. The one chosen was Slava Kot. Kira was aware of the relationship between the young man and her husband. She didn’t care about that, but for some reason always tried to avoid getting involved with Slava.
When the rehearsals started, Kira was impressed with Slava’s vigorous attitude to his work. The young man seemed to never need any rest, he was so industrious, even obsessive in his desire to perform his part the best way ever. And he achieved really marvellous results. Slava brought the character alive, and was so attractive to Kira that she often felt one step away from falling in love with him. However, she realised that it was his stage persona that she fancied, not the real Slava Kot, who was sleeping with her husband.
Slava’s enthusiasm and energy appeared to be contagious, and soon all the actors were immersed in their roles. The performance was going to be a big hit of the season, and everybody was waiting impatiently for the first night. The dress rehearsal was attended by the actors’ families and lots of friends. Slava, who played the leading male role, radiated such joy and confidence in the success of the play that everybody forgot their worries. They just came alive on the stage, singing and dancing naturally, making the audience laugh and applaud through the whole of performance. It was clear that the new play was going to be a huge success.
Still, everybody was a bit anxious about the first night. As usual for the big events, the city authorities would be attending, and their reaction would be important in determining if the performance was a success or a failure. Operettas were the favourite genre of theatre performance with most of the Soviet theatre-goers, who were generally unacquainted with western style musicals. They were big events that took an uncomplicated love story and set it with beautiful music, singing and dancing, plus a splendid wardrobe of unusual costumes.
Kira and Slava as the main characters were unbeatable. Both tall and slender, looking young and glamorous in their stage costumes, they sang and danced, and their wonderful voices left nobody unmoved. Several times the play was interrupted with applause, and they received a long standing ovation after the final act.
The overwhelming success made Slava beam with happiness. When Felix and Eugeny came with their congratulations, he hugged both his friends and kissed them heartily.
“You two made it happen. It’s due to your support and faith in me that I’m here now. This is your success!”
The three men wanted to go someplace to celebrate, but they couldn’t forget Kira, as she deserved to be part of their triumph. There was also Eleonora, who had left after the performance and was waiting at home with Svetlana. So after the official party at the theatre, with the inevitable speeches and wishes of further success, the four of them disappeared quietly to join Eleonora for the home celebration.
The new operetta became a real hit in the theatre world.  It was discussed a lot in the press, the actors were praised. Kira regained her popularity, and was undoubtedly the prima donna of the contemporary operetta, whilst Slava Kot was called ‘a new star’.
Kira and Slava became real friends. They had such an affinity, that sometimes it was not necessary to speak, they understood each other without the words. Slava also loved little Angelina, ‘little Angel,’ as he called her. Eugeny and Felix felt jealous and wanted him for themselves, but he often preferred the company of the ‘girls’. Some people at the theatre, who were of course unaware of Slava’s sexual preferences, suspected an affair between him and Kira. The two friends didn’t do anything to refute such claims, and it was better for Slava to appear to be her lover than that of her husband – even in these relatively modern times to be known as a homosexual would create serious problems as it was still a criminal offence that could attract a nasty prison sentence, also, the social stigma would have made it impossible to pursue a career.
Vlada, that unpleasant figure from the past, was still around and aware of everything that was going on in the theatre. She made an advance at Slava, which he of course declined, after which she became generally hostile towards him. Vlada now hated both Slava and Kira, but they paid little attention to the spiteful woman, concentrating on their careers and being successful.
Slava spent lots of time with his two lovers and was happy. But as he was growing older, he became more and more independent in his personal life. Slava was charming and very good-looking, and with such teachers as his older lovers he quickly learned the art of seduction. He picked up young men who had a flexible sexual orientation, and worked on them like Eugeny and Felix had done with him. He still loved the two older men, but it was clear that he wouldn’t stay with them for ever.
Slava had his own ambitions: he wanted to stage his own show. It would be a special show, with dancing and singing and acting, like the Broadway musicals. It would be full of bright colours and acrobatic entertainment, which would make the audience gasp in amazement. The young man had his own ideas for the show, and he approached several producers in Leningrad, trying to interest someone in its production. However, none of the well known producers became involved in Slava’s project, saying that it was too risky.
“Our viewers are not ready for this kind of a show,” one of the producers said. “The Soviet audience is happy with the operetta and Music Hall performance. You are trying to change their tastes too fast. You won’t be understood, nobody’s going to support you!”
Still, Slava wanted more. He involved Kira in his projects, and he even taught little ‘Angel’ to dance and do acrobatic tricks over a pool full of water, in which the brave girl jumped without any hesitation. He was sure that soon the time would come when he would make his dreams a reality.


~***~


Chapter 18
1989 – Beginning of the nineties, Riga
Kira, Moris

In 1989 the theatre company went on a tour with their new operetta for the first time. They travelled all over the North of the Soviet Union, enjoying the best welcome from the people in the small towns and villages, many of whom travelled many miles to see them. Later in the year the theatre group went to the Baltic States, and were scheduled to stay in Riga for the New Year celebration.
Felix, Eugeny and Angelina flew to Riga, while Eleonora decided to stay in Leningrad, as she was not very fit by then and mostly stayed indoors during the winter. In summer, though, she and Svetlana spent most of their time at the dacha.
The winter in Riga was very mild and without snow, but he streets were wet, because of the persistent rain. The naked trees stood there, pictured black in the puddles, where some surviving red autumn leaves were still floating. The reflected trees looked more colourful than the real ones. Perhaps that was the reason why most of the people were walking with their heads tilted down – to see the reflections better.
For the New Year celebration the theatre company went to the seaside, to Yurmala, where the restaurant on the beach had been reserved, and several small hotels had been booked to accommodate everybody. The seaside resort was even chillier and wetter than the city, but it was still exhilarating to hear the waves and smell the sea air. The dark-grey waves of the shallow sea had washed the fine sand away, leaving small pink and white shells in the surf line. Angelina ran around collecting shells in a small box. Felix and Eugeny walked along the surf watching the girl, Eugeny’s long wavy hair tossed by the wind and moistened by the spray. He still had a complete head of dark hair, only slightly touched with grey. If anything, Eugeny had become even more handsome than he was in the younger years, and he was certainly even more irresistible to the opposite sex!
Felix looked younger than his mid-fifties, he was still very lean and fit, not a gram of extra weight on his athletic body. He wore his thick salt-and-pepper hair very short and stylishly trimmed, and his suits were as immaculate as ever. The two lovers made a handsome couple, though nobody had even the slightest idea that they were not just friends and in-laws. The two of them strolled by the sea, occasionally bending down to select a tiny intricate shell for Angelina and then calling the girl, who was running ahead of them.
The celebration was to take place in a restaurant built in the shape of a ship, its upper deck with huge bay windows, facing the sea. The big hall was decorated with tinsels and babbles, and in the middle there was a white grand piano and a tall New Year Tree, brightly trimmed and lit with small lights. Sitting at the grand piano was a man in his late thirties with bright blue eyes and thick blond hair that reached down to the collar of his shirt. The man was quietly playing a tune and humming the melody. He seemed to belong there, though he wasn’t dressed up for the celebration, and he wasn’t from the theatre group. The blue-eyed man looked out the window at the golden sand and smiled when he saw the girl, who was happily running around like a puppy.
Kira didn’t expect anybody to be in the hall at that time of the day; she went in to make sure that all the preparations had been completed. But as she walked in the music captured her attention and she couldn’t help wondering who was playing the piano. The man at the piano was a stranger, he didn’t belong to their group, and Kira stopped in the doorway wondering what to do about him.
“Come on in! I’m not going to hurt you!” The man tossed his blond hair back, and Kira found herself looking in the handsome face of a Viking – at least that was her idea of a Viking. She was stunned. Her face must have showed her emotions, because the blue-eyed Viking stopped playing and turned towards the young woman.
“I’m sorry if I have startled you, I didn’t mean it.” The stranger spoke with a slight Baltic accent, which made his low voice unexpectedly sexual. “I’m Moris Latish, I live here.” Noticing Kira’s surprise, he laughed. “I mean, I live nearby and I come here to play the instrument. I’m a composer. And a musician. And you?”
“I have come here with a group of musicians, we are from the operetta in Leningrad. We are here for the New Year celebrations. I  just wanted  to  check  that  everything  was  OK  here . . .” Kira was feeling slightly embarrassed and it was annoying her. “My name’s Kira Krassilnikova, I’m an actress.  I do operettas, you know, and I perform at the Music Hall as well . . .”
Kira fell silent and stood looking at the blue-eyed Viking not knowing what to say or do. I must be looking extremely stupid, she thought. God, he’s so handsome, and what will he think of me, standing here like a dumb cow. I must think of something smart to say. And I must make him stay with us for the celebration! But all the words were gone from her head, and all she could do was smile at the handsome stranger with her most charming smile.
“Oh, I hope I’m not interfering,” said the Viking in his low sexy voice that made Kira’s skin go into goose pimples. “I’ll go away if I am, and leave you to your preparation to the celebration of the New Year!”
“Not in the least!” Kira was in such a hurry to contradict that she didn’t notice how she made a few steps towards the grand piano. “You are not interfering at all. In fact, I like your music a lot! And you know, I was thinking, if it’s not too much to ask and if you don’t mind . . . Oh, but you must have other plans . . .” She was mumbling under his inquisitive mocking glance, hating herself for being so shy and stupid.
“You know, you look like an Elven Princess. Has anybody ever told you?” The Viking finally stood up and approached Kira, who blushed and didn’t know where to look. “You are very beautiful,” he went on, “I’ll write a song and devote it to you. Do you mind?” He stood very close now, and Kira had to look up at him, even though she was quite tall herself.
“No, I don’t. I don’t mind, I’d be flattered! And I was going to ask if you would like to stay with us for the celebrations? That’s if you don’t have any other plans?” Kira finally managed to say what she had been intending and sighed with relief.  “And you can bring your wife or . . . er . . . well, whoever you want if you want . . .  I mean, it’s an invitation for two.”
The man looked down at her seriously and nodded his blond head. “Thank you very much, Kira, it’s really kind of you. I was wondering if I could ask your manager to let me stay and play tonight. But I don’t have a partner, can I still come if I’m single? I can play the part of a Father Frost!”
Kira laughed, “You can come alone, and you better play the part of a Viking, I think you look like one! But don’t be too violent!”
“All right, it’s agreed then, I’ll be a Tender Viking and you’ll be an Enchanted Elf!” He laughed. “Will you dance with me?” The question came unexpected to both of them. But Kira didn’t show her surprise; instead, she raised her arms and put her hands on the man’s shoulders, ready to be led in a dance.
“What shall we dance?” She asked.
Moris held her tightly around the waist and started to waltz, humming the melody quietly. Kira picked up the rhythm and was moving eagerly, her feet alive to the tune. She was a natural dancer, she lived to dance, and her emotions were easily expressed through her movements. The almost silent dance had a magical quality, and the two elegant slender figures seemed to float over the shining parquet floor of the grand hall. Gazing into each others’ eyes they moved with the melody that he quietly created. 
They danced like that to the barely audible humming of an unknown melody, until the voices coming from downstairs reached their ears. Moris stopped reluctantly and let go of Kira. “We’ll go on later, shall we? Promise me you’ll dance with me later tonight!” His eyes were pleading and demanding at the same time.
Kira nodded without words, waved her hand and quickly walked away. She could hear Angelina’s voice and went to meet her family. Angelina chattered happily, showing her mother tiny intricate shells, which she had picked up at the beach. Kira couldn’t concentrate on what the girl was saying, there was too much going on in her heart. She followed Angelina to their room and tried to show some interest in the process of choosing a dress for the party. Her thoughts were far away. Kira could still feel his hands holding her gently, could hear the soft singing and see his bright blue eyes.
What is it, am I in love? Kira dared to ask herself the question. And by the way her cheeks blushed and her heartbeat fastened, she realised what the answer was. She had to be frank with herself: it was love she was experiencing towards the handsome composer. Love and lust, and tenderness at the same time. It had been long time since Kira had loved a man. Her experience with Denis had left her with nothing but lots of frustration and disappointment. Since then her broken heart had mended, and Kira seemed to have forgotten her old lover and the feelings that overwhelmed her at the time of their brief romance. And now it seemed that she was aroused anew!
Kira pulled herself together and concentrated on the question of vital importance: what dress would suite Angelina better, lilac or white. The girl also was arguing about the way to wear her hair. She wanted it loose, while Kira thought it would look better pulled up. Finally, the two of them agreed upon the lilac dress – Angelina’s preference – and the pulled-up hair with some strands reaching down to the girl’s shoulders. Angelina had decided to perform the dance of Princess Lilac from The Sleeping Beauty as her party piece. With the problem of the girl’s outfit decided, Kira could think about her own party dress. Before meeting Moris she was going to dress as Carmen and do the dance from Carmen-Suita by Schedrin. After meeting him, she changed her mind.
“Enchanted Elf, you say? All right, let it be the Elven Princess then!” Kira quickly went through her wardrobe and fished out her light-green outfit. It was made to cover her entire body, but in a very provocative way. The dress caressed Kira’s slender figure without clinging to it; in fact, the material was so light that it had an ephemeral quality – exactly what Kira needed for her elf appearance. And she would wear emeralds as the final touch to the character.
The party started at nine, but most of the actors and musicians were late as nobody wanted to be first and everybody was eager to look good, which required last minute touches. It had been agreed that the snacks and drinks would be set on the tables along the wall, buffet style, and that the main course would be served from the kitchen after midnight. By ten the big hall was nearly full. The musicians took turns to play, and there was music to cater for every taste. Felix performed with his band, all of them dressed as the Dixieland jazzmen.
The director of the restaurant approached Felix, followed by a tall blond man dressed as a Viking. “Let me introduce Moris Latish to you,” he said. “Moris is my best friend and a great composer. Moris, meet Felix Kaplan, my friend and a great musician!”
“You mean the Moris Latish?” Felix was definitely impressed. “It’s a pleasure to meet you! I’ve heard your music, and I am very impressed!”
“I’m equally pleased to meet you, Felix. I would be honoured if you played one or two of my pieces tonight!” The two men shook hands, genuinely happy to make each other’s acquaintance.
“Have you brought something new for tonight? Are you going to play it now?” Felix was eager to listen to new music, right there and then. He followed Moris’s gaze and saw Eugeny, and Kira with Angelina entering the hall. The three of them looked absolutely stunning. “Here’s my family,” Felix made a sweeping gesture. “Come and meet them.” And without another word, he motioned the speechless composer towards the three newcomers.
While Felix was doing the introductions, Kira and Moris couldn’t take their eyes from each other. Moris had to shake Eugeny’s hand, though he barely noticed Kira’s husband. But Angelina certainly caught his attention.
“Ah, I’ve seen you on the beach,” he said, taking Angelina’s small hand and shaking it gently. “Have you collected a lot of them?”
The girl was pleased with the stranger’s attention. “A lot of them? You mean . . .” She didn’t finish, and Moris spoke again.
“The butterflies! I saw you picking up the butterflies in the surf. I used to when I was a boy.”
Angelina looked surprised. “The butterflies? But it’s winter! All the butterflies are dead! And I was collecting the shells on the beach.”
He laughed. “Sure thing you collected the shells! But they are not just the shells, they are butterflies who fall into the sea and become the shells. They are called ‘butterfly shells’, and they are all different in colour. You will never find two exactly the same!” He winked at the girl and smiled at her again.
Angelina was beaming with happiness at the big man’s attention. “Are you a composer? Have you written a new song for tonight? You know, we all are going to perform: sing, dance, that sort of thing. Will you play your new song?” The girl was full of questions.
“Everybody seems to want to know about my new song tonight!” Moris laughed again. “As a matter of fact, I have one. I’ll play it later.” He turned to Felix: “You have a wonderful family! You are a lucky man!” He looked at Kira: “Shall we have a drink? What would you like?” And he led the way to the tables loaded with food and drink.
The party was going very well and everybody seemed to be happy. The actors were enjoying themselves improvising, and the music never stopped playing, with pop songs following operetta arias. The audience were generous with their applause, as the performers became the spectators, and visa versa. Angelina did her little dance very professionally and looked around to find Moris to get his praise. Moris was busy talking to her mother, and Angelina suddenly felt shy and didn’t want to interrupt, so she sought Slava Kot instead, and the two friends laughed and chatted together.
Time went fast, and soon it was nearly midnight. Everybody was suddenly in a hurry to fill their glasses with champagne. A big TV screen, raised above the crowd, showed the main clock of the country – the Kremlin Clock (The Courante) that was now ticking the last seconds of the old year. Eventually the two hands met on twelve, and the clock started its famous chime, followed by the big bell tolling.
“One, two, three, four, five . . .” The crowd chanted in chorus, everyone holding high a full glass of a sparkling drink.  Kira felt Moris take her hand and hold it tight. She turned her head to meet his bright blue gaze. The Viking raised his glass to Kira’s, and with the last beat of the clock the glasses touched.
“To us,” he whispered barely audibly, but Kira heard him well enough.
“To us,” she mimed, her lips moving silently. They both took a sip of champagne.
“Happy New year! Best wishes of happiness! Good health! Success!” Loud and merry voices sounded all around, as everybody clicked their glasses, toasting and drinking.
Eugeny found Kira, and approached her. “Happy New Year, Darling!” He said, kissing her gently. “I wish you many successful tours this year! May it be even better than the previous year. You are great my Dear! I’m so proud of you!”
Kira kissed her husband and wished him all the best as well. Different people were coming and going, drinking to her success, and Kira was grateful for their good wishes. She knew they were all genuine and friendly, but what she really wanted now was to be alone with her Viking. And preferably somewhere far from all these people.
The show went on. It was Kira’s turn to do her performance. She decided to do the Elves’ dance from Peer Gynt by Edvard Grieg, which was a difficult piece. Her movements enchanted the audience from the start. The light-green material of her dress flowed as she gracefully leapt around the stage, the rich green of the emeralds glittering with every turn of her body, her face full of changing emotions. When she stopped with the last sound of the music, the audience burst into applause. Laughing happily Kira rejoined her family in the audience.
“That was terrific,” Felix said, really impressed with Kira’s performance. “Is there any reason for your stunning looks and the show tonight that I should know about? Or you want me to guess?”
Kira only hugged her father and laughed. She knew that it wouldn’t be possible to hide her feelings from her family for long. She didn’t want to think about the future for the time being. She just wanted to be happy.
“He is certainly a very distinguished man, but be careful, please. For the family’s sake.” Felix commented and went to join his band, as it was their turn to play, leaving Kira with her heart beating fast and her face flushed.
People were dancing all around her. Kira noticed her husband being dragged into a waltz by Vlada. Eugeny was doing his best to look happy and relaxed, but Kira knew how much he dreaded the woman. Why wouldn’t she leave him alone? Kira wondered. It’s been years since her first move on him, and still she doesn’t want to admit defeat. What a nasty person! And she’s spying on all of us.
Kira moved across the floor, towards the couple. She stopped in front of them and put her hand on Eugeny’s shoulder. “Darling, will you dance with me? It’s a lovely tune, I love the way they are playing it!” She said without paying the slightest attention to Vlada.
Eugeny let Vlada go with a little bow of apology, and joined Kira for a dance. “Thanks, you are the one!” He laughed happily. “Saving me is your prerogative!”
“I would rather say, it’s my duty,” Kira replied with a chuckle.
“Thank you, my Dear,” he said again and touched his lips gently on his wife’s hair. “You look stunning, and your dance was remarkable, really breathtaking. You must include it in your tour programme.”
“It was more like an improvisation than a serious performance,” Kira replied, but she was clearly pleased with her husband’s appraisal.
“Is there any special reason for your exceptional beauty tonight?” Eugeny repeated Felix’s earlier question. “You look ten years younger, just as the girl out of school, remember our party? You are full of light and life! You are radiant!”
Kira smiled, putting her head on her husband’s shoulder. “Is it really that obvious?” She laughed happily. “I don’t know what to say yet. There might be nothing in it.”
“Be careful, little sister”, Eugeny whispered in her ear, so that it looked as if he was giving her another kiss.
“All right, I will, don’t worry!” Kira let go of Eugeny as the dance finished.
Moris was the next one on the stage. He simply sat down at the piano and started playing. The melody was new, but Kira recognised it as the one Moris was humming when they danced their first dance earlier that day. Moris stopped playing suddenly and spoke in the microphone: “This is a totally new song, I haven’t even heard it myself!” Everybody laughed. “Don’t be too strict!” And Moris began singing, accompanying himself on the piano. Everybody stood and listened for a short while, but then couple after couple began dancing to the lovely music. The song finished, but Moris went on playing. Felix and Eugeny joined him on the stage, one playing the violin and the other the guitar. The little trio was performing as if they had been playing together for years. One by one, Felix’s musicians joined the trio, and the music acquired a new sound – altogether more professional.
Moris stood up, but the music went on. He walked down from the stage directly to where Kira was standing. “Will you dance with me now?” He asked, and Kira laughed happily, following him to the dance floor. “This is your song. It’s my New Year present to you.” The couple went on dancing while the musicians on the stage played, and after they stopped, everybody applauded and cheered loudly.
“It’s a beautiful piece of music, not to mention the song,” Felix said from the stage. “I’m happy we had the privilege of playing it tonight. Tomorrow the whole country will be playing and singing it!” With that the audience applauded even more.
Everybody chanted Moris’s name, and he returned back to the stage. “This song is called ‘The Enchanted Elf’, thank you all for giving it such a warm welcome!”
There were more songs sung and more dances danced. The music never seemed to stop, and everybody seemed very happy. Nobody noticed when Kira and Moris disappeared in the dark of the night, going out to the beach, where the sea was singing its own eternal song.


~***~


Chapter 19
1991, Leningrad, Minsk, Belavezhskaya Puscha
Kira & Moris

During the summer of 1990 the operetta was on tour in Belarus, then Ukraine and finally Moldova. Kira was the leading lady in all the performances which kept her very busy, but even so, she was happier than ever with life, and was radiant, more charming than ever. The saying ‘love makes a person more beautiful’ was true for her. Never had she felt so full of life and creative energy.
Her love affair with the Viking blossomed. Moris had moved to Leningrad and rented an apartment, where he wrote his songs. He went to Riga quite often, as there were concerts there that he had to play, but the trips weren’t very long. Kira sometimes went with him, but they had to be discrete, they couldn’t allow the truth to become public knowledge.
Moris wanted Kira to get divorced and marry him. This wasn’t what Kira wanted, and she couldn’t explain why she couldn’t divorce Eugeny. She couldn’t reveal the truth about her husband and her ‘father’, not even for her beloved Viking. All Kira could say was, “let’s just be happy together, let’s leave it this way for now.” She knew that it would not be possible to hide the truth forever, but she didn’t know what to do.
Moris followed the operetta staff on the tour. He pretended that he was short of money and asked to be included in the orchestra as a secondary musician. This way the two lovers could be together without arousing undue suspicion from the other staff. The tour in Belarus centred on Minsk, and proved to be very rewarding: a sophisticated and intelligent audience, nice accommodation in the centre of the modern and well maintained city, good local food, and lots of beautiful countryside with forests, lakes, and rivers. Kira was performing nearly every night, but there were days when she and Moris left the city and went to a small place in the gorgeous surrounding countryside.  They whiled away hours, just walking or fishing, or picking wild berries, which smelled so lovely and were so sweet. Alone with their happiness and tranquillity, nobody cared what they were doing and where they were going. So it seemed.
Just before the Belarus phase of the tour was over, a couple of days before leaving for Kiev, the local authorities invited some of the operetta staff, those who were free, to visit the Belavezhskaya Puscha National Park. It was the biggest National Park in the western part of the Soviet Union, one of the biggest in Europe, famous for its pristine forest and rich wildlife. Moris had always been an enthusiastic hunter and fisherman, so he was happy when the hosts promised, among the other attractions, a deer hunt for those who were interested.
The hotel in the National Park, where the actors and musicians lodged, was a two-storey building made of logs, giving the rooms a pleasant pine scent. The floor planks were amber in colour, and draped on the walls, and on the floor by the fire place, there were several animal skins.
Kira refused to take part in the hunt. “I don’t approve of killing wild animals for fun,” she said to Morris, who was as eager as a little boy about to ride on a roller-coaster. “But if you want to do it, go. I just don’t want to know anything about the hunt. No details!”
“I promise, no details!” Moris laughed. “I won’t mention it when we have deer for dinner tomorrow!” He kissed Kira and left with the other hunters, whilst she took a deck chair to the terrace and sat down to enjoy some sunshine. The day was pleasantly warm, with light fluffy clouds drifting lazily over the dark green, fragrant pines. Kira loved the sunshine, and she tanned easily, though her skin was pale. The sun brought colour and freshness to her lovely face, and she used every chance to soak up some sunshine.
Kira was dozing, when a creaking of the terrace floor alerted her. She sat up not quite realising where the sound had come from. A shadow moved across the terrace towards the stairs. When Kira turned around, she saw Vlada, who was about to leave the terrace. What was she doing here? Her room is nowhere near here. Always spying on me! What a disgusting person! Kira was considering whether to call out to Vlada, who was already halfway down the steps, but then changed her mind. Oh, well, there’s nothing for her here. No harm done. Let her play her stupid petty games if they please her. And Kira lay back in the chair again.
 The hunting party came back late. The deer they had culled was delivered to the hotel kitchen, for the next day’s dinner. Kira and Moris joined the others for late dinner and drinks. The actors were in a happy relaxed mood, toasting and joking, laughing and singing. It was long past midnight when everybody finally went to bed, but still laughter and singing could be heard from several rooms.
Kira’s room was on the first floor, a big corner room with two windows on adjacent walls. Moris’s room was on the ground floor, in a small corridor leading to the back of the building. The room didn’t have much of a view but Morris didn’t mind, in fact, he had volunteered to live there. All that mattered to him was the location: the room was next to the back stairs, which led to the first floor, making it easy to reach Kira’s room without attracting anyone’s attention. The lovers had to be discreet.
When the noise in the hotel finally subsided, Moris quietly sneaked upstairs to Kira’s room. She was waiting for him in the candlelight, which created a suitable seductive and romantic atmosphere. The two lovers spent the night together, and only in the early hours of the morning did Moris leave. The light was still quite low, the morning sun had not yet risen, and the grass was white with dew. Kira didn’t feel like sleeping; she opened the window and let the fresh morning breeze blow away the thick fragrant smell of the candles.
Moris walked downstairs unobserved, opened the door of his room quietly and entered the darkened room, where the curtains were drawn closed. The bed was still made, and Moris pulled back the covers and lay down on the cool sheets. I could do with a few hours of sleep, he thought.
The day was going to be hot: the low morning sun already felt warm. Kira decided she would go for a little walk in the woods, and pick some berries in the forest clearings. She wasn’t worried about wild animals, thinking that people had probably scared away all the potentially dangerous ones. She left the window open, the door unlocked, and ran downstairs.
The hotel was quiet and seemed deserted. All the visitors were still asleep. Kira thought of knocking on Moris’s door and waking him up, but changed her mind. Let him have some rest, she thought. He isn’t fond of walking in the forest and picking berries anyway. This is not as exciting as hunting! She passed the back door of the hotel and greeted the kitchen staff, who were preparing breakfast.
“Don’t be late!” One of the girls called. “Don’t miss breakfast!”
“I won’t! I just want to have a little stroll and perhaps to pick some wild strawberries!” Kira called back, as she walked to the gates that opened into the forest.
Something made her look back at the open window of her room on the first floor. She thought that she had glimpsed some movement in the depth of the room. Or was it the sun light reflexion that had caught her eye? Kira suddenly experienced a strange gut feeling, as if she sensed something unpleasant was about to happen. For a moment the feeling of irrational fear and uneasiness became overwhelming, and Kira stopped, unsure whether she should go back to her room, but then dismissed her gut feeling. It must just be the window glass that reflected the sunshine, I mustn’t give it another thought. It’s just this dreadful woman, Vlada, hovering around and keeping me nervous and making me jumpy, she thought and went on.
The berries were so ripe and sweet that she feasted on them, nearly forgetting about breakfast, and had to rush back. When she walked breathless into the canteen, most of the theatre staff had finished their meal. Moris was sitting alone at the table drinking coffee. “Oh, where have you been, Elf?” He asked standing up and moving the chair for Kira. “Decided to go back to your natural habitat?” Kira smiled and pressed his hand gently. How much she would have liked to kiss him! But there were too many people around.
The last day at the National Park went quickly. The grandiose dinner of fresh deer, cooked in the traditional way, appeared to be the hit of the day, and was enjoyed by all – even by the opponents of hunting.
“You see now,” Moris was so proud as if he had cooked the meat himself.  “The deer is as tender as meat could be, all juicy and soft and full of flavour! How can you compare it to beef or pork? And it’s good, natural food.”
Kira didn’t argue; she couldn’t deny the quality of the meal, which was sublime. Besides, she didn’t want to argue with her beloved man: everything seemed perfect, she just wanted that day to last forever. It was their last evening together before returning to the city next day, and they were going to make the most of it.
The following morning turned out to be rather disorganised, as there were no clear instructions about the transport back to the city. A coach was supposed to take the operetta staff and their belongings, but nobody knew for sure when it was due. As a result, everybody was wandering aimlessly in front of the hotel amongst the luggage, all talking at the same time. Some cadged a lift from the local people, who were returning to Minsk after the weekend, but the remainder waited for the coach. Finally, about noon, the coach arrived and took the actors away from the friendly hotel in the sunny woods. The return to the city was cheerful, though everybody was tired after a six hour trip. There were only a few hours before their train left for Kiev.
The operetta company tour ended at the beginning of August. The performances in Belarus, Ukraine and Moldova were excellent and had been very well received, hence everybody was looking forward to the beginning of a new season. The performance had been staged long enough to give the actors all the confidence they needed, and it was planned to finally take this operetta to Moscow at the beginning of the next year.
The family decided that Kira would go on a holiday to Riga with Moris, to spend some time together. Eugeny and Felix would go to the Crimea and take Angelina with them. Eleonora wasn’t fit to travel, so she and Svetlana had decided to stay in Leningrad area, as the weather was very good, pleasantly warm and sunny.
They were all enjoying their holidays, when, on the 19th of August, an attempted coup was launched by the reactionary forces of the Communist Party and the KGB.
The day began with the same programme broadcasted on all radio channels – Tchaikovsky’s Swan Lake. The same music, but accompanied by the ballet dancing, was the only show available on TV. The Soviet citizens were used to this notorious tune being played on the radio and television: it meant that something bad had happened, and that the government was unsure about how to proceed. The first time Tchaikovsky was played was when Brezhnev died, when it was played for hours and hours before the worried citizens were finally told the truth. Since then, the famous composer’s music, otherwise beautiful and lively, had become infamous as the bearer of bad news. After Brezhnev’s death, that ballet music was performed several times, when the newly appointed leaders of the Soviet Union and the Communist Party died one by one.
So when the radio and TV stations all over the country played Swan Lake, everybody knew that the forthcoming announcement would be bad news. What was it? Had something happened to Gorbachev? The new president of the Soviet Union was on holiday, in Foros, in the Crimea. After several hours of building tension and the non-stop Tchaikovsky, the TV channels finally announced the special news broadcast.
The news presenter, visibly uncomfortable in his role, read the announcement. It stated that due to unstable political situation in the country and the president’s inability to deal with it, the power in the country was temporarily passed to the State Committee, headed by Gennady Yanayev, the vice president of the USSR. President Gorbachev was removed from power and detained in Foros.
After the news, a press conference with Yanayev followed. The newly appointed leader of the State Committee didn’t look his best. In fact, he looked scared and uncertain, his hands visibly shaking when he answered the journalists’ questions. He kept repeating that the power would remain in the hands of the military and KGB leaders ‘for the people’s safety’, as he put it. To reinforce the so called safety, the tanks were going to be moved into the streets of Moscow and Leningrad, and other major cities. Yanayev also called for the population to remain calm and not to panic.
Of course, that was what most of the people did, they panicked. Nobody slept at night as people were ready for the worst. Those, who like Eleonora, still remembered the revolution and the Civil War, were especially frightened. Eleonora felt vulnerable without the men’s protection, and nervous about being solely responsible for Svetlana. She decided not to go back to Leningrad, but stay in Komarovo – it seemed safer there. A lot of people felt like Eleonora, they were afraid to leave their apartments or dachas and just waited with concern what would happen next.
However, there were also lots of people, who were ashamed to stay away from the streets where their destiny was being created. They realised that all the democratic achievements of the past few years were under threat. Large demonstrations took place in the two capitals and some other major cities. Barricades were built in the streets, to stop the tanks – it really was like a Civil War!
Slava Kot, who happened to be in Moscow during these four days, was among the young and often reckless men, who stayed at the barricades round the clock. He told his friends later, that he was overwhelmed and exhilarated with an enormous sense of camaraderie, and at the same time great feelings of self-worth and self-sacrifice. One of Slava’s new friends was killed when he fell under a tank. This terrible accident only made the young people on the barricade bolder and more reckless.
If not for the president of Russian Federation, Boris Yeltsin, there would have been more casualties. Yeltsin stopped the leading tank and stood on it, imploring the soldiers to stop, not to shoot at their brothers. And the military didn’t go any farther. The big, bear-like figure of the Russian president – or was it his voice of reason – prevented bloodshed on the streets of Moscow. Boris Yeltsin remained on the barricades with his people till the tanks were withdrawn and the coup disintegrated.
By the end of August all the members of Krassilnikov-Kaplan family returned to Leningrad. The summer – eventful and full of surprises – finally ended.


~***~


Part Three


Chapter 20
March 1992, Moscow
Vadim Vasin

Major Vadim Vasin was a busy man. He had several cases under investigation and two of these were serious crimes: murder and rape. Vasin worked at Moscow Criminal Investigation Department (MCID), where he had started as a young lieutenant many years ago. Vasin was devoted to his career – he hardly had any life apart from it. He was a good boss for his subordinates, strict but fair, and helpful, with a good sense of humour, which was not a very common feature amongst police officers.
Vasin had never been married and his immediate family consisted of just his grandmother. Vadim’s parents were both alive, but they had never taken an interest in him. His mother got married when she was only nineteen, just after the War. When Vadim was born, both his young parents were students, and the baby was given to his grandmother, Tatyana, who was only forty-nine. Tatyana was a widow, both her children had left home, and she insisted on taking care of the boy, as her careless daughter and her husband had neither the interest nor the means of raising a child properly. And so it happened that ‘Gran Tanya’ became Vadim’s closest and most trustworthy friend. The boy never felt deprived of parental love or attention as Gran had enough love, patience, interest and compassion to provide for a football team! Besides, she was a very interesting person and had a lot to offer to her grandson, who turned out to be a very good pupil and was willing to learn.
Tatyana worked as an usher at the theatre, and little Vadim considered it his second home. He always accompanied his granny to work, and enjoyed watching life behind the scenes more than playing with his friends. The boy was quick to remember characters portrayed by the actors, and at home they often acted out the whole performance, playing several different roles each. But acting was just a game for Vadim, he never considered seriously taking it up as a career. Neither was he interested in singing or playing a musical instrument. In fact, the boy was not attracted to the musical plays or concerts at all. He liked dramas and comedies, but his greatest passion was reading. Tatyana had a good home library, and she encouraged her grandson to read – first by reading to him aloud and later discussing the books with him, sometimes arguing about some of the controversial issues that cropped up from time to time.
As Vadim grew older, he became absorbed by the stories that he read. He started impersonating his favourite heroes, imagining himself performing wonderful deeds – depending on the book he was reading. He was going to be an explorer of the North, a sailor, a pilot, a soldier, a doctor, an architect, etc. Every time the boy had a new idea, he discussed it with his Gran, and she usually encouraged him in his ever changing interests. More than that, they discussed these new ideas quite seriously. They studied whatever materials were available on any profession the boy was interested in. Sometimes he lost interest quite quickly, but he still had some understanding of the basics. Tatyana made it clear to him that whatever profession he chose, he needed to be a good specialist, and to have a good education in the chosen sphere. “Amateurism is not acceptable, whatever you do,” his Gran often repeated. “You should always do your best in your job, and for that you should be properly educated and trained. Only then can you be proud of yourself.”
When Vadim was in the ninth grade, he came across a book by Lev Sheinin, a former criminologist, investigator and police detective. The stories were well written, there was a lot of suspense and detection, but the main thing was that they were all based on real life. Vadim became fascinated by police detectives and their work in solving crimes. This was true life, and still it was so very exciting! The boy finally made a decision, he wanted to become a detective, to solve the most mysterious crimes and become famous. Tatyana, as usual, provided her grandson with lots of opportunities to learn more about his chosen profession. Vadim met some friends of the friends of Tatyana’s who were in the Police, and they took him to the Criminology Museum. There were quite a few horrifying exhibits there, which made Vadim wake up at night in sweat, but it didn’t shake his determination to be a policeman and devote his life to catching criminals.
During his last year at school Vadim worked very hard. Tatyana had searched the possibilities of entering the university. She soon realised that her boy didn’t have a chance of being admitted to the Law Faculty of the university. It was one of the most prestigious faculties in Moscow and only the children of the Communist Party bosses, high ranking officers, the city elite, etc., could hope to become students. One would need to have very influential friends who could provide assistance in entering the university, and who could help get better grades at the entrance exams by ‘leaning on’ the examiners – the so called communist system ran on this kind of corruption. Tatyana was fully aware that Vadim couldn’t get in at the Law Faculty. They had no influential friends who could help Vadim at the entrance exams, and without such help the boy was doomed to failure. So the university was discounted.
There was another possibility, and the more Tatyana thought about it, the more she liked it: The Police Academy. That was the right choice. It wasn’t the number one choice for the communist elite, so Vadim stood a chance. In fact, he had a very good chance of passing the exams, as his school could provide him with all the general knowledge required. The Police Academy was usually attended by young men who had already worked as low ranking policemen or who had served in the Soviet Army and needed some extra education to improve their knowledge in criminology. Very often these young men were not very keen on studying, but they were sent to school by their commanders to create the impression that the officer ranks of the Soviet Police were all proper professionals. Tatyana did her research and found out that the Police Academy provided good theoretical knowledge and good practical experience. Upon graduating, the cadets became lieutenants, and were sent to work as junior officers in various Police departments.
Now, at forty-five, being the head of the Investigation Department, Major Vasin remembered his first year at the Police Academy. It was nothing like he had imagined, it had nothing to do with his granny’s ideas of a higher institution. But he survived, and during the years of his cadetship he learned a lot about not only criminology, but also the role of the Police in society. He graduated as the best student of his year and was sent to work with the MCID, the legendary Petrovka 38 Homicide Department.
Gran Tanya had always been by his side, always supportive but not intrusive – qualities, that his girlfriends unfortunately seemed to lack!  “It’s your fault that I haven’t married,” he often teased Tatyana. “I was always looking for someone like you, but you are one of a kind in the whole Universe!” Whatever the reason, Vadim remained a bachelor, and though he had friends, and relationships with women, his Gran had remained his number one person.

12th – 14th March 
Vadim had arranged to call upon Gran on his way to the department, in the morning, but he was urgently called to work at seven in the morning, and he didn’t have a single spare moment to phone granny and rearrange his visit. It was too late to phone after work, and he went straight home and to bed, knowing that it would be impossible to erase from his memory the horrible scenes of a murder his department were investigating. But he was exhausted, both physically and mentally, and merciful sleep came at last. In the morning he felt much better, and after having his first cup of coffee, he dialled his granny’s number. He waited and waited, and the phone rang and rang, but there was no answer. Where could she be? Vadim wondered. Maybe I forgot and it’s her hospital day? Or is she visiting her friend? Too early for a visit. Strange. But it was time to get ready for work, and Vadim concentrated on the day ahead. He would ring her in the evening.
The evening, though, proved to be even more hectic than the day before, and again Vadim didn’t manage to talk to his granny. Next morning, after only a couple of hours of sleep, he was woken up by a phone call.  “Vadim Antonovich?” The unknown voice asked. And when Vadim asked who was calling, he was told. “I’m the local Policeman, Lieutenant Gusev, you must remember me. I found you phone number in the phone book and decided to call at once. Your grandmother Tatyana Petrovna is dead. She had been found in her apartment by a neighbour.”
Vadim felt numb and he just couldn’t express himself.  He was supposed to ask questions, but he was confused and couldn’t think. Dead, dead, dead . . .  Only this word throbbed in his temples. He must have blacked out and regained consciousness, still a bit light-headed, clutching the phone receiver in his sweaty hand.
“Hello,” he said in a hoarse, strange voice. “Are you there?” The caller was. “Where is she? Where is my granny?” Gusev told him that the dead woman had been taken to the morgue at the Sklifasovski hospital.
“It was an accident,” the eager lieutenant proceeded. “She fell in the bath and knocked her head badly. She probably became unconscious and drowned in the water. You need to go to the morgue for the death certificate.”
Vadim thanked the caller and hung up. He still couldn’t believe it: his Gran Tanya couldn’t be dead, there must have been some sort of mistake. An accident? What did that local Policeman, Gusev, say about an accident? I must go to Sklifasovski at once and find out. There will be a post-mortem. The thought of his beloved granny on the table of a pathologist in the morgue was sickening, but he put it out of his mind and tried to concentrate on one thing at a time – going to the hospital.


~***~


Chapter 21
March 1992, Moscow
Kira and Slava Kot

The four week Moscow tour had been planned for the beginning of the year, but due to the coup and the resulting political chaos it was delayed. Only in March did the operetta company finally manage to reach Moscow.
Kira was excited, it was her first performance in the capital. The operetta company performed three plays, and as Kira starred in all three, she was busy every day. Slava Kot also starred in all the plays, but he managed to find time for meeting with ‘useful people’, who could help in bringing his project to life. Most people were sceptical about his ideas of a show,  but Slava would not be deterred and promoted it at every opportunity.
The operetta performances were a great success, every night the actors played to a full house, and there were curtain calls after each performance. The Moscow audience was refined and discerning, so Kira was a little bit nervous about performing there, but she was delighted to see that this most sophisticated audience really appreciated their performances. Every evening there were lots and lots of flowers delivered to Kira’s dressing room, and admirers waited to get an autograph. Kira was happy with such a warm welcome, and never tired of meeting the fans. She would often spend an hour or more after the performance to answer their questions, rather than go to the restaurant with her colleagues.

10th March
That evening Kira was especially excited, as the performance had gone exceptionally well. She didn’t feel her age of thirty-six – she was like a young and jubilant actress – just facing the audience and feeling their admiration lifted her spirit and gave her the necessary energy. There were some people at the door of her dressing room, holding flowers and photos to sign. Wearing a professional warm smile Kira willingly gave her autograph, and was about to retreat to her dressing room, when an old woman approached her. The woman had been standing behind the rest of the admirers, quiet and unobtrusive. Now that the rest of the fans had gone, the old woman finally made her move, and stood in front of Kira, looking as if about to ask a question.
“Would you like an autograph?” Kira asked in her professional voice. She knew that the older people were the strictest critics of the shows, but they were also the most loyal. They admired the old operettas as much as they hated the modern pop music shows. An actress couldn’t be too polite and nice with an older admirer.
The old woman smiled, but didn’t make a move to produce a photo or a card to be signed. Her eyes were fixed on Kira’s face with an expression of mixed admiration and sadness. For an old woman her eyes were unusually youthful and intelligent – somehow out of place in the wrinkled face – expressing deep awareness, compassion and sadness. She looks as if she knows some dreadful secret, Kira thought, unable to look away.  Luckily, she heard the noise of loud footsteps, and Slava Kot came running along the corridor.
“Oh, good, you are still here, I hoped to catch you! I . . .” He stopped in the middle of the sentence, noticing the old woman. “You are still busy, I see . . .”
“It’s OK, I won’t be long”, Kira turned to the old woman again. “I’ll just give my autograph to this nice lady here, and then we can go.” 
The old woman finally spoke. “It’s not about an autograph, Kira. I came to see you. I’ve been watching you every evening! You are wonderful! Your dear mum would be so proud of you!”
Kira and Slava exchanged worried glances – as if to say, crazy woman. Sometimes the actors had to deal with fans who were mentally unstable or really crazy. The main thing was not to antagonise them, but to keep talking and try to make a quiet escape. It appeared that they were dealing with a crazy old theatre-goer, who probably had no idea what year it was, and thought Kira was a singer from her youth.
“That’s so very nice of you!” Kira replied, beaming with happiness. “I’m so glad you admire my performance. You must be tired by now, it’s quite late, shall we call you a taxi? You will come again tomorrow, yes?”
Slava was holding the old woman by the arm, trying to direct her gently to the entrance, but the woman wouldn’t move. Instead, she spoke to Kira again.
“You don’t remember me, do you? I’m not surprised you don’t. I’m Tatyana Petrovna, your mum’s old friend. I used to work at the theatre before the war.”
Kira was taken aback, My mum’s friend? What mother? Is she talking about Svetlana? Kira’s new family had become her real life, she was referring to Svetlana and Felix as mother and father now. Nobody at all had ever reminded her about her real parents! Until now! What does this woman know? Where did she come from? Kira was suddenly seized with fear, her heart beating painfully fast, and her head dizzy, frantically trying to remember. What can this woman know about my childhood? Is she dangerous? 
“Come in, please, why are we standing here in the corridor!” Kira quickly unlocked the door to her dressing room and ushered Tatyana Petrovna in. A bewildered Slava followed. “Why don’t you sit down? I’ll make us all some tea now. Or, rather, Slava dear, could you . . .?”  Kira pointed at an electric kettle on the table, in the corner of the room.
“Yes, dear, don’t you worry, I’ll make you a nice cup of tea. I know exactly what you like. Tatyana Petrovna, would you like tea of coffee? Milk, sugar?” Slava behaved in the most polite way, being a good host and offering drinks to his guests.
“Thank you . . .  Most kind of you. I would love a cup of hot tea. Sugar please . . .  two.” The old woman sat down in the armchair and seemed quite happy. “Is this your husband my dear?” She asked, as Slava turned away to make their tea. “Such a nice man! And a talented actor, too! You make a wonderful couple!”
Kira froze half way to her armchair, not knowing what to say. Her guest didn’t notice anything and went on chattering happily.
“Your mother and I were very friendly, she and Eleonora Kaplan were my best friends. The three of us went to all performances and rehearsals. That is, when your father was away. He didn’t admire your mum’s interest in the theatre, poor soul. You won’t remember me, but your brother would, I’m sure, your mum usually brought him with her. He used to play with my son and daughter. How is he? Doing well? Married?”
Slava finished making the tea and put two cups on the little table in front of Kira and their guest. If he was surprised, he didn’t show it in the least. He picked up his cup of coffee and sat on the arm of Kira’s armchair, closer to his friend. Kira really needed a friend’s support; she was as pale as a ghost, lips trembling, tears in her eyes, not knowing what to say in response to the questions.
Tatyana noticed Kira’s distress. “Oh, my dear, I’m sorry. I have mentioned a sad topic. Your parents . . .  I must be more tactful. One can never overcome such a dreadful event. And you were just a little girl. Yes, so very sad . . . You know what? Why don’t you two come to my place? Choose when you are free and come over! We’ll have a cup of tea. I’ll make my famous cake and we can chat about the good old times!”
“Yes, thank you, that’s a good idea,” Kira managed to say. “I suppose we could make it. If you leave your telephone number, I’ll call you. And now, if you excuse me . . .”
The old woman stood up. “No apologies! I understand everything, my dear. Hope to see you soon. And here’s my phone number.” She wrote down the number on a piece of paper and passed it to Slava. “The young man will see me off . . . will you dear?”
Slava, jumped to his feet as soon as the woman stood up (the ‘old school’ of manners that his mother had taught him!) and led her to the door. “After you, Tatyana Petrovna! I’ll escort you and get a taxi. This way, please!” And he opened the door with a gallant bow of his head.
When the guest left the room, Kira dropped her head on her knees and gasped with frustration. She was completely at a loss. What should I do? This guest is from the old times, she knows the past of my family, knows what happened to our parents!  And the most dreadful thing, she knows that Eugeny is my brother! No, I can’t deal with this problem on my own!
With trembling hands she picked up the telephone. “Oh God, please, let her be home, God, please,” Kira whispered, while dialling Eleonora’s number. The long distance dialling tones sounded in the earpiece, and she didn’t notice Slava come back and sit quietly in the armchair. Finally the phone connected, and Eleonora’s voice answered.
“Hello, Granny? It’s me, Kira! I need to speak to you!”
“Hello, Kira. Do you know what time it is? I was in bed! Has something happened? Are you all right?”
“Granny, do you remember Tatyana? She was your friend in the 1940s, and she also knew Mother.” There was silence in the phone, and then Eleonora spoke in a troubled voice.
“Why, Kira? Why are you asking? Have you seen her? Has she been around?”
Kira was crying and shaking all over by now. She didn’t notice that she was shouting into the phone: “Yes, she was here! She approached me after the performance! She said she remembered my parents, and she asked about Zhenya! She also thought that Slava Kot was my husband.”
Slava came up to Kira and put his arm round her, to stop her from shaking. He gently caressed her hair and whispered, “Shhhhh . . . Calm down dear, stop shouting . . .” He realised that something had happened, that the woman from the past represented something unpleasant and maybe even dangerous, and he wanted to help. Kira relaxed a little bit in his arms.
“What did you tell her?” Eleonora asked. “Was Slava present? What did you tell him?”
“I didn’t tell her anything! She left her phone number and is expecting me and Slava to visit her soon. I haven’t had a chance to talk to Slava yet, he’s here, and he’s been very helpful. But I don’t know what to do!” Kira was loosing control again.
“Just calm down now. I’ll talk to Felix, and we’ll call you back. Don’t panic, we’ll think of something. And give her phone number, just in case.” Eleonora hung up, Kira did the same and leaned back in her armchair. Slava stood up and went to the small drinks cabinet in the corner. From there he produced a bottle of Hennessey and two glasses. He poured a generous amount of the precious liquid into each glass, and returned to Kira.
“Here,” he said, handing her a glass. “Drink this.” Kira took a sip and closed her eyes. They sat for a while, motionless, drinking their cognac. Slava didn’t want to interrupt his friend’s silence, he knew she would tell him everything later.
Finally Kira sighed and opened her eyes. “Thank you for being here for me. I don’t think I would have managed on my own. And thank you for being so discreet and not asking any questions. I appreciate it, I really do.” She sat silent for another little while, Slava gently caressing her hair.
The phone rang loudly and intrusively, shattering the calm. Kira grabbed the receiver on the second ring. “Hello?” There was both fear and hope in her voice, and Slava wondered again what the problem was.
Felix was on the phone. He wanted to know every detail of the conversation with the old woman. Kira was getting frustrated, trying to remember every word. “She said she remembered our parents and your mother from pre-war times. And she also said she remembered Eugeny very well, and that he should remember her, but I was too young. I don’t actually remember her at all! Perhaps we didn’t go to the theatre so often when I was a little girl? Not with Father’s ideas of our upbringing and having the Nanny around!” Kira added, “She thought Slava was my husband. And she asked about Zhenya and whether he was married! And she is expecting Slava and me to visit her. She wants to talk about good old times.”
“Listen, Kira. There’s no need to be so nervous about it. That woman is old, she’s probably not altogether with it, and she will forget all about you tomorrow. Don’t do anything, don’t call her or go to her place. I’m sure she won’t bother you again. Just forget about her.” Felix was very reassuring and calm.
Kira felt the tension leave her. She then realised how tired she was. It had been a long day, and only a few hours before the beginning of a new one. “All right, thanks, Dad. How’s Zhenya? Did you tell him?”
There was a slight hesitation as Felix answered, “No . . . actually, we didn’t tell him anything. You know how he is. He’d probably go hysterical if he knew about Tatyana. Better not to tell him.” Felix said good night and hung up, promising to call again tomorrow.
Kira put down the phone. What am I supposed to do about Slava? I owe him an explanation, but what can I reveal, and what is necessary to keep secret? Could I trust even him with the family secret? Or would it be disastrous for all of us? I don’t want that responsibility!
Slava sat motionless during Kira’s conversation with her father. He sensed that Kira was uncertain whether or not to tell him something important. He didn’t want to rush her into making a decision, though he was intrigued. He let Kira take her time and do what she thought was right.
Slava knew that both Felix and Eugeny had to marry to avoid being identified as homosexual, in other words, to discourage any ideas about their sexual orientation. Felix once mentioned to Slava that there was some secret in their past, and promised that one day they would share it with Slava. Perhaps that day had come?
It was very late and the theatre was closed apart from a few dressing rooms, where some of the actors were rehearsing for tomorrow. “Let’s go home, Kira. It’s late and you’re tired.” Slava held Kira’s coat to help her put it on.
Kira looked up at him from her armchair. She had made up her mind, she would tell Slava the truth. She needed someone to share things with, and she needed some advice. Slava could be trusted. She knew that both Felix and Eugeny valued the young man’s friendship and relied on him. After all, Slava was their lover!
“We need to talk,” Kira pointed at the other armchair. “Sit down and listen to what I’ve got to tell you.”
Slava put the coat down and went over to the drinks cabinet. “All right, let’s talk if you think it’s necessary,” he said cheerfully, “But we need more of the magic liquid to keep us going, don’t you think?” He understood that Kira was deadly serious, and was only trying to cheer her up.
Kira picked up the glass and took a long sip. “You probably wonder how Zhenya or Felix could be married,” she began. “You know better than anyone in the world that they don’t sleep with women. Felix’s so called ‘wife’ is paralysed and doesn’t require sexual relationship, but how about Zhenya and me? Why would I marry a man like that? I will tell you why. Because Zhenya is the most beloved person in my life, because I have always stood by his side and protected him. Because he is my brother.” Kira paused and took another sip of her cognac.
Slava’s eyes remained fixed on Kira’s face, and if he was surprised at what he had just heard, he didn’t show it.
“Zhenya and I are brother and sister, and we were born in Moscow. Our father was a general, and our mother was very friendly with Eleonora and with this woman, Tatyana, who we met here today. It happened that our parents died, and I was adopted by Felix and his wife, so that we all could remain together. It was Eleonora’s idea, as well as the idea of moving to Leningrad. Nobody there knows that Felix isn’t my real father, nor that Zhenya is my brother. I married him, as you understand, so that he could be free in his relations with Felix, so that they could be with each other, and yet not arouse suspicion.”
“It was a big sacrifice on your part!” Slava said quietly from his corner. “You must be really fond of your brother to do it.”
“I am. And it’s not a sacrifice at all! Don’t look at it in that way. I helped my brother because I could, that’s all. He would help me if I needed his help, I’m sure. Anyway, we all kept it secret, and nobody would know anything, but for this old woman, Tatyana Petrovna, who is threatening to reveal the truth. What if she finds out that I’m actually married to Zhenya? There will be a terrible scandal, and what is most important, my brother’s sexual relationship with Felix could become revealed. Can you imagine where it could lead?” Kira pressed her hand to her trembling lips, trying not to cry. She was genuinely frightened for her brother.
Slava sat quietly sipping his cognac. He seemed quite calm and untroubled by what he had heard. In reality, he was thinking hard. Kira’s story was more fascinating than he could ever imagine. A brother and a sister! Who would have thought it! Now he could understand Kira’s passionate love for Moris. She wasn’t betraying her husband at all, she was protecting her brother. There were questions Slava wanted to ask, but he could wait. The most important thing was to decide what to do about Tatyana Petrovna. Kira had revealed their family’s secret, because she needed help, and he, Slava, was willing to help her and his lovers.
“Now, look, Kira, let’s think calmly,” he began. “What does that woman know? She knows that you and Zhenya live in Leningrad, that you are a leading actress at the operetta. Anything else?”
“I don’t know!” Kira still looked frightened, but had started to think, and it was already looking good. “I have no idea what she knows. She seems to be an operetta fan, she mentioned that she had been to all my performances. Perhaps she had asked around about me. She might know that I’m married and have a daughter. Remember, she thought you were my husband.”
“OK, let’s assume she knows about your marital status, so what? Why are you so afraid of her? Let her think that I am indeed your husband, and she will never find out about you and Zhenya. She wouldn’t even wonder why you use your maiden surname, lots of women don’t take their husband’s surname. I think she’s no danger, she’s just an old lonely woman. We should call her tomorrow and go visit her.” At these words Kira tensed and worried expression returned to her face.
Slava continued, “Yes, there’s nothing to be afraid of! We should visit her with a box of good chocolates and some flowers, let her talk about the good old times, and tell her some exciting stories about the life of some stars. It will make her happy and will give her something to think about till the end of her life. And if she decides to share with her friends, what can she say? That Kira, the girl she knew as a little child, came to visit with her husband! Both operetta stars! The friends would die of envy!”
Slava talked with such ease, he joked about the things that scared Kira, making everything sound so simple that Kira began to relax. Maybe Slava is right? There is nothing to fear! Just an old woman! Feed her some stories, concentrate on other people, tell her a couple of scandalous rumours, and that will make her happy.
Kira also thought that she probably shouldn’t have called St Petersburg and alerted her family. Now Eleonora would worry and Felix would spend a sleepless night trying to think of a way out. And what if Eugeny finds out? It is impossible to imagine what his reaction might be! Kira decided that she would call Tatyana Petrovna in the morning and arrange a visit. And after the visit she would phone St Petersburg and reassure her family.

11th March
The visit to Tatyana Petrovna went even better than Slava had expected. He and Kira were free in the morning, so they went to see Tatyana just after breakfast, for a late morning coffee. The old lady lived alone in an old apartment with ridiculously high ceilings, and a long dark corridor. It was cold, as the central heating was not working, and the only place that was more or less comfortable was the tiny kitchen with a huge old stove. Tatyana was dressed in a fur coat, which had lost almost all its fur and was cut short to resemble a jacket.
Kira shivered. “How do you manage to survive in this cold?” She asked. “It’s almost as cold in here as outside! Why don’t you complain to the authorities? The central heating should be on this time of the year!”
“I know it should, my dear,” the old woman replied. “And it usually is. But there is a problem with the main hot water pipeline, or something like that ... I’m not sure ... and the hot water supplies were cut off for the whole area. Bad luck, but never mind. I’m a tough soul! My grandson wants me to go and live with him, but I don’t want to. I’m much happier in my own place. This is my home, I’ve lived here since the thirties and I’ll die here.”
“Come on, girls”, Slava interrupted with a quip, “let’s have something warm inside us! How about a nice cup of tea or coffee?”
The women began fussing about biscuits and chocolates, pouring hot water in the tea pot and getting nice crockery from the cupboard. Tatyana insisted on using the best cups and saucers, as it was ‘a special occasion’.
“I don’t have many visitors these days,” Tatyana said over her first cup. “I’m quite a loner, you know, but I’m so grateful that you have come to my humble place! I’m so very happy! Now do, tell me more about your life!”
And Slava dutifully played his role – that of a husband of a famous actress – and gossiped about the stars, whose names were known to everyone in the Soviet Union. Kira had the impression that he was inventing at least fifty percent of the stories, but she was grateful for the way he kept the conversation easy and amusing.
Having spent a couple of hours in the hospitable, though cold, apartment, Kira and Slava made a move to leave. “Thank you for having us, it was a real pleasure to see you after all these years.” Kira kissed the old lady’s wrinkled cheek. “We’ll keep in touch and come to see you next time we are in Moscow.”
“No, it’s me who must thank you both!” Tatyana Petrovna beamed with joy. “Thank you for coming and telling me all those stories,” she winked at Slava, and he realised that the woman might be old, but she was no fool. “I wish you a lot of success on the stage and happiness in your family life.” She kissed both Kira and Slava heartily, and they finally left.
“What do you think?” Slava asked as they were crossing the street from the block of apartments.
Kira turned back to wave to the lonely figure in the window on the third floor. “I think everything went very well! Why?”
“Because I’m afraid the good old lady might start spilling out the information we gave her. She said she is a loner, but you know these old people? She might start boasting to everyone about our visit.”
“And if she does? You yourself said that she’s no threat to us. What if the old dear boasts to a couple of neighbours about us? Is it going to make any difference or be of any danger to us? No, Slava, please, don’t try to spook me again. It was good advice of yours to pay a visit to Tatyana, and let’s not worry about it any longer. I’ll call home and tell them good news.”
Kira was her usual cheerful and confident self again, and Slava felt happy that his little plan had worked.

20th March
The operetta’s tour was at its end, and Kira was happy about it. She had to admit that the hectic timetable of the tour had taken its toll on her. She longed for some rest, wanted to spend time with Angelina or go to Riga, to Moris. They still hadn’t decided upon their future, and Kira needed some free time to concentrate and make up her mind about what to do with her marriage.
Moris insisted on her divorcing Eugeny and moving to Riga. Now, that Latvia had become an independent state, it was not that easy to travel between Riga and St Petersburg. Moris was thinking of Kira moving to the Musical Theatre in Riga, where she would both perform and teach. Kira liked the idea of teaching, she realised that in the near future she wouldn’t be able to play the leading parts any longer. She would simply become too old to play young girls – it would look ridiculous. And teaching was something she could be doing until her old age. But moving to Riga? Leaving her family? It was too difficult to make a decision, she had to think it over.
The last evening in Moscow was busy. After the performance Kira went to her dressing room and started changing, taking off her make-up, and getting ready for the party. All the actors and theatre staff were invited to a big farewell party, which was organised by the city council, and where the mayor of Moscow was due to attend. The door flung open, and Slava Kot dashed in, with a happy smile on his handsome face.
“Slava! What’s this about? You could have knocked!” Kira protested.
Surprised, Kira looked up from her mirror – Slava was not the kind of a man to come into the lady’s room without knocking. She then noticed her friend’s happy smile and felt her heart skip a beat. “What is it? Have you . . . ?” Kira didn’t finish her sentence, she didn’t need any answers, everything was clear from his expression.
For the past few months Slava had been negotiating his plan of a super show with ‘important’ people in Moscow. Slava’s idea was to make a show similar to those on Broadway, it hadn’t been met with much enthusiasm in St Petersburg (Leningrad then), but the young man didn’t give up. He met some people in Moscow, who were interested in his idea and who could help him, as they had the money and necessary connections. Kira was aware of Slava’s plans, and she had mixed feelings about them. She wished him all the good luck he needed, and at the same time hoped that nothing would come out of the idea – then Slava would remain with the operetta staff, playing the leading parts with her. It seemed now, that Kira’s good luck wishes had come true, and Slava had got what he was looking for.
“Yes!!!” Slava grabbed Kira, lifted her in the air and waltzed around the dressing room, crashing into the furniture. “I’ve got it!!! They’ve offered me a new project.” He put a laughing Kira down, and sank into an armchair.
“Tell me!” Kira was impatient to hear the news. “What new project?”
“They offered me a Youth Theatre! It won’t be a truly professional theatre as yet, the performers will mostly lack professional experience and still be at college, I will choose them myself! And I have the freedom to do what I want! I can carry on with my plan of a super show. And when we perform, when we prove to be good – which I’m sure we will – we’ll be let on the professional stage. I’m the general director of the project and the producer. I’ll be paid handsomely, more than I’m paid at the operetta. Now, how do you like that?!”
Kira saw that he was beaming with happiness. And if she was a bit sceptical about non-professional staff, she didn’t say anything. After all, Slava knew what he was doing, and he could teach the kids to perform.
“I’m so happy for you!” Kira kissed Slava on both cheeks and hugged him tight. “I knew you would make it! You deserve it Slava! But I’m sorry you will be going. I’ll miss you a lot.”
“We’ll think of something. I was actually going to ask you to move to Moscow as well. You could teach the youngsters in my show! Who could do it better than you?” Slava laughed happily. He just couldn’t think of anything sad at the moment. Next morning Kira left for St Petersburg with the rest of the theatre staff, and Slava stayed in Moscow. It was necessary to arrange some formalities so that he could start casting the actors.


~***~


Chapter 22
March 1992,  Moscow
Vadim Vasin

21st March
Vadim Vasin couldn’t believe that it was nine days since his granny had died. The first couple of days were a complete blur. First he had to go to the hospital morgue to settle all the formalities, and when the body was released he had to arrange the funeral. Vadim had no idea what Gran Tanya would have preferred, burial or cremation. He chose cremation, as it seemed less horrible than idea of his granny’s body rotting in the ground. Vadim was surprised at how many people had come to say goodbye to Tatyana Petrovna – and not only the old. There were quite a few young people from the theatre who came to the funeral and were crying and offering their genuine condolences.
After the funeral it was usual to organise a ‘remembrance’ table, where all friends and relatives could eat and drink and talk about the deceased. Vadim was very grateful to Tatyana’s neighbours, who had laid a table for everyone who had been at the funeral. As Vadim sat besides his mother and father, he could barely hear what people were saying. The most important person in his life, the most beloved one, was gone. Of course, Gran Tanya was old, and one could have expected her to die any day. But she was strong and fit, and Vadim hoped she would live many years. The accident was so unexpected.
And on the ninth day, he had to organise the remembrance table again. Vadim didn’t invite anyone; the remembrance on the ninth day is done among the closest friends and relatives, and they knew when to come. Again, the kind neighbours helped with the food, and the small party sat quietly, remembering Tatyana with a good word, crying, and encouraging Vadim and his parents. It wasn’t a terrible tragedy to anyone but Vadim; after all, who do we expect to die if not an old person?
After everybody had gone and the table was cleared, Vadim sat quietly in the kitchen, smoking and trying to collect his thoughts. The next door neighbour was washing up and chattering non-stop. Vadim had known her since he was three years old, and called her granny Sveta. She was doing her best to divert Vadim from the hard reality of his loss, talking about trivial things, everyday routines and problems she was facing in her life.
“The prices for heating, they have doubled this winter, can you imagine? And who is to suffer? The common pensioner! They are playing all these games in the Government, and who has to deal with the consequences? Again the common pensioner! You tell me, who needs this so called ‘democracy’? Do you? Do I? In the Soviet Union we always had hot water and heating in winter. Look what happens now, we are living without central heating for weeks . . . in the middle of the winter. Not to mention the hot water. We only got hot water back the day before yesterday! We had to boil pots on the gas stove just to have a wash!”
Vadim was only half listening to the old woman chattering, but something she said made him feel uneasy and caught his attention. What was it? He listened more attentively, but the unpleasant feeling didn’t come back. What did she say that gave him this gut reaction? No, the thought had disappeared, and Vadim couldn’t retrieve it. It’s probably nothing, he thought.
The old neighbour finished cleaning up and left, making Vadim promise to keep in touch. The apartment was quiet and empty. Vadim moved around, touching things that belonged to Gran Tanya, opening the doors of cupboards and bookcases, moving ornaments on the shelves, tidying up the books and magazines. A lot of things were still the same as he had known from his boyhood. Tatyana Petrovna didn’t buy many new things: an occasional piece of clothing or new shoes, some new books, that was probably all. Vadim usually brought presents for his granny on her birthday, buying expensive garments or things for the kitchen. He had offered on several occasions to change the furniture, but Tatyana stubbornly protected her old sofa and armchairs, and the rug, which reminded her of little Vadim with his toys. It was late, and Vadim got dressed to go home. He would come back later and choose some things to take home with him – the rest he would give away to the neighbours.
Vadim went along the long corridor, turning off the lights in the rooms. The door to the bathroom was on the right. He turned on the light and opened the door. The bath was all clean and showed no traces of the tragedy that had occurred there. Vadim stood looking, wondering how it could have happened. She slipped in the bath? Fell on her side and knocked her head on the side of the bath? Did she go unconscious? Must have, if she went underwater and drowned. He was thinking the same thoughts again and again, trying to imagine the accident, but nothing came of it. If she cried out, would anybody hear? If the neighbour heard the cry, would she be in time to save granny? It was useless, he knew, but still he couldn’t stop thinking.
The post-mortem had revealed that Tatyana Petrovna suffered a blow to the side of her head, not strong enough to kill her or even cause any serious damage, and if not for the water in the bath she would have been all right. But unfortunately, she fell into the water and inhaled quite a bit of it, which killed her. There were no doubts about the cause of death.
Vadim left the apartment and ran downstairs as he always did. He never used a lift – he got stuck once when he was eight. This old-fashioned lift moved in a cage, which was set in the space between the stairs. The noise the lift made while going up could be heard in every apartment, but everybody was used to it and never complained. The noise was somehow less ‘laboured’ when the lift was descending.
It was dark and damp outside, when Vadim opened the front door and stepped onto the porch. He stopped by the railing to have a smoke. The walls outside the front door were covered with all sorts of notes and adverts. New pieces paper notices were stuck on top of old ones, sometimes there were several layers: offers of apartment exchange, adverts of lessons, photos of lost pets with their description and promise of reward, etc. Sometimes the maintenance man got rid of the paper notices and cleaned the walls. But immediately people started pasting up new ones, more and more, until the walls again became covered with layers and layers of paper.
Vadim stood there smoking, looking at the old half torn adverts, when something in them triggered the same uneasy feeling he had experienced in the apartment, when listening to the old neighbour chattering. Wait a minute, what was it? He scanned the notices again. Some had been put there by the maintenance man and were only partially visible beneath the more recent offers of apartment exchanges. Vadim could just read part of an old maintenance notice, ‘... no hot water and central heating from March ...’ His heart skipped a beat and started racing madly, making it hard to breath.
The top layers were not very easy to peel off, but Vadim worked slowly and carefully, moving away piece after piece of paper, and finally got to the old notice. The message read, ‘Due to the works on the hot-water system, there will be no hot water and central heating from March 2nd till March 16th. There might also be temporary disturbance in cold-water supply during these days.’
Vadim stood motionless, not able to take his gaze from the dirty old notice. March 12th was when Gran Tanya died. She drowned in the bath. She was having a bath. Having a bath with no hot water?! Now he remembered: Granny mentioned it to him, not really complaining, but rather being ironical about the ‘works’ on the water system, which were always carried on in cold months. Vadim even recollected how cold the apartment felt when he went to see Gran on March 8th – The Women’s Day. Yes, she said something about not being able to have a proper wash and warming the water on the gas cooker. How stupid he was to forget that! But this meant that Gran Tanya wasn’t having a bath when she died. She couldn’t have a bath without hot water! Or could she?
Vadim opened the front door and rushed upstairs to granny Sveta’s apartment. Forgetting how late it was, he pressed the door bell hard and was surprised when the old woman called with a tremulous voice, “Who is it?”
“Granny Sveta, open up please, it’s me, Vadim! I’ve come back, I need to ask you something important!”
The door slowly opened, revealing the old woman in a nightgown.
“I’m sorry if I’ve woken you up,” Vadim walked in, closing the door behind him.
They went to the kitchen, where the old woman sat down by the table, her eyes never leaving Vadim’s face.
“What is it Vadim? What do you want to ask me?” She was eager to help and listened very attentively.
I’m scared to ask my question. What if the answer proves my suspicions? No, it was impossible! Looking into the eager and honest eyes of old granny Sveta, Vadim asked his question, carefully formulating every sentence.
“My granny died, because she drowned while taking a bath. But there was no hot water in the building on that day. How could she be taking a bath? Do you know if she used to boil a lot of water and fill the bath so she could wash properly?”
Granny Sveta’s expression suddenly changed. Her face grew pale and she stared into space, as if she had seen a ghost.
“Oh my God,” she murmured. “I knew there was something that bothered me. Of course, hot water! Everybody forgot about hot water! She couldn’t have a bath in cold water. And she would never boil enough water on the gas stove to fill the bath. Impossible! What does it mean Vadim? Tell me!”
“I don’t know yet,” Vadim answered frankly. “When I do, I will tell you. In the meantime, please, do not mention to anyone what you have just told me. Do not talk about it to anyone, is that understood? You might be in danger if you open your mouth.”
The old woman nodded, without saying a word. She was definitely scared, but Vadim saw that she was also intrigued and might start talking if he didn’t scare her some more.
“Granny Sveta, I’m asking you now to think very hard. I need all your help, do you understand?” When the woman dutifully nodded, he proceeded. “If my Gran didn’t have a bath, she didn’t have an accident in the bathroom. And if she didn’t have an accident, how did she finish up in the water and got drowned?”
Vadim waited for his words to sink deep enough in the old lady’s mind before going on.
“You see it, don’t you? You understand? My Gran Tanya was put in the water, where she drowned, after she had been knocked unconscious. In other words, she was murdered. Someone must have visited her apartment and killed her. And the murderer thinks that everybody believes it was an accident. Nobody, me included, suspected any foul play. But if the murderer finds out that you know the truth, he will come to your place and kill you too.” Vadim deliberately frightened granny Sveta to make her keep her mouth shut, but he was actually not far from reality: the murderer would not hesitate to kill another old woman.
But why? Who would want to kill my granny, a retired theatre usher? That was what Vadim Vasin, a police major, intended to find out. It was late at night, but Vadim thought, Granny Sveta would not be able to sleep after the shocking revelation. So I might as well start my interrogation now.
“Granny Sveta, could you make some tea for us, what do you think? I can do with a cup of hot tea!”  He gave her something practical to do, to take her mind off the shock, and get her moving. In ten minutes the kettle was boiling, and on the table there were cookies and warm bagels with butter. Seeing the food, Vadim suddenly felt hungry. He hardly ate anything at the remembrance table, and it was now past midnight. Vadim wolfed the buttered bagels down with a mug of hot sweet tea and then poured himself another one. This one he drank slowly, and nibbled on the cookies.
“Do you remember if anyone came to see Tatyana around the day that she died?” Vadim talked between his sips of hot tea. “Or maybe she mentioned someone to you, who she was expecting. Maybe you heard something from her apartment or the landing, or saw someone from the window. Think of any strangers who called on her.” He didn’t expect much from the old woman, how could she remember something that happened ten days ago. But to his surprise granny Sveta spoke right away and with certainty that was amazing.
“Of course I remember! I have a very good memory, unlike all these old chatterboxes. I never forget a face, and I know who it belongs to!” Noticing that Vadim was growing impatient, she quickly proceeded. “Tanya had two visitors on the 11th of March. Two operetta people. An actress and her husband. But you won’t think they could mean any harm! Nice, respectable people. Besides, Tanya had known the actress since she was a child! No, they had nothing to do with it!”
“Wait a minute, granny, tell me the details. Do you know where they were from? Why did they come to visit? Did Gran Tanya tell you anything?”
“She did! You bet she did! She was as happy as you can imagine. She tried to reach you, by the way, but you were unavailable, as usual. Tanya wanted to share it with you.” The emotions became too strong for the old woman and she burst in tears. “Poor, poor Tanya! Dying like that! And not even seeing you before she died!”
Vadim felt his throat tighten, and tears welled up in his eyes. Yes, I will never forgive myself for not seeing Gran Tanya before she died. But how could I know that she was going to die? Of course I couldn’t. It’s too late to start feeling guilty about the dead. I was always busy, hardly finding time to visit my old granny, and she never complained, always waiting patiently for her precious grandson to drop in for half an hour. She might have had something to tell me if I visited or at least phoned her. No point regretting now, Vadim thought. He needed to solve the crime – his grandmother’s murder. And as with any investigation, it was necessary to have a clear mind and keep a cool head. Emotions had to wait.
Vadim sighed deeply and wiped his eyes with the back of his hand – just as when he was a boy! Granny always insisted on using a handkerchief, and was cross when I rubbed my eyes with dirty hands. He had to clench his teeth hard to avoid breaking into tears. There was no time for it. He had to go on with his questions.
“All right, granny Sveta, tell me what you know. Try to remember every detail. Who were these people?”
Granny Sveta sighed another time and wiped her eyes and face. Her lips were still trembling, but she was more in control of herself now. “Tanya told me she had met the actress at the operetta, a star, from Leningrad, I mean St Petersburg. This actress was on a tour here, and Tanya saw her at the performance. Tanya said that she had known this actress as a young girl. Known her family as well – parents, brother, and all. So Tanya approached the actress, Kira’s her name, yes, I’m sure, Kira Krassilnikova, and invited her to visit. Her and her husband. He’s an actor at the same operetta group, too. So Tanya invited them both, and they accepted. Tanya was so happy! She told me they were coming. And she made some cake and all . . . Yes, she was so happy, poor soul . . . And then they came to visit, and Tanya told me afterwards, it all went so well! The young man, he was so funny, made Tanya laugh and laugh.” Granny Sveta started crying again.
“So they visited Gran in the morning, on 11th of March, right? How about later? Did she have any other visitors?” It could be important, but it could be nothing. He went on with more questions. “How about the 12th? Did anybody at all visit her?”
Granny Sveta tried to concentrate. “Let me see . . . She wasn’t expecting anyone, I’m positive about that, and she was calling you all morning, as she was so eager to tell you about Kira’s visit. It was snowing, and we didn’t go for a walk as we had been planning. What concerns the afternoon, I’m not sure . . .”
Vadim saw that the old woman was trying to be helpful, was trying to ‘remember’ something that probably only happened in her imagination. He knew what often happened with the witnesses who wanted to be helpful, they picked up subconsciously what was expected from them, and started inventing things, being totally sure they were telling the truth. Seeing this about to happen to Sveta, Vadim changed the subject. “Right, it was cold that day, I remember. I had to go to a murder scene, spent the whole day there, you know. I was frozen to the bones! But next day it warmed up, didn’t it?”
The old woman took the bait. “It warmed up on the 13th, I remember, Tanya and I had planned to go to the market. She said she wanted to buy some fresh vegetables, to cook a proper dinner for you. Yes, I remember now, she was cooking a chicken on the 12th, it was in the oven when I dropped in, and the smell of the chicken was all over the place! She hoped you would come to visit next day.”
He was going to, he called granny in the morning, hoping to arrange a visit for the evening, but she didn’t answer. She was dead, that’s why. Chicken? She was cooking chicken? “Granny Sveta, what happened to that chicken my Gran had cooked? Did you see it somewhere after she had been found?”
Sveta’s face grew paler. “I called upon her on the 13th, around eleven in the morning, as we had agreed, and when she didn’t answer the door, I got anxious, and opened the door with my own key. And I found her, in the bath, you know . . . It was such a shock . . . I . . .”
She was about to start crying, and Vadim interrupted rather crudely. “You opened the door with your own key, right? Why? Why did you go to her apartment? Did something seem strange to you? Were you worried about her?”
“Yes, I was worried. She didn’t answer the phone, and I didn’t see her go out. Didn’t hear her, either. You know, I always hear when she goes out because of the lift. It makes this terrible noise! You just can’t miss it. But I didn’t hear the lift come up to our floor. So I went to her apartment. I rang the doorbell, and then I opened the door and called for her. And then I walked in.”
“Did you go to the rooms?” Vadim interrupted, to prevent her dwelling on the shocking discovery in the bathroom.
“I went to the kitchen first. She wasn’t there, and I . . .”
“You went straight to the kitchen?” Vadim interrupted again. “Did you still smell the chicken? Did you see it around?”
“You know”, the old woman spoke slowly, “Now that you’ve mentioned it, I remember. There was some chicken on the table. Part of it, covered with a plate. About half. But there were no dirty plates or anything. I thought Tanya wouldn’t have eaten the chicken herself. I even wondered why she hadn’t called me. I would have liked a piece!”
“So you are saying, someone had eaten half the chicken on the day when Gran was murdered? Try to remember if you heard the lift in the evening, the day before you found her. Think about the evening of the 12th of March. The evening of the day that she cooked the chicken.”
Granny Sveta sat thinking hard for sometime. Then she spoke slowly, and Vadim could see that she was not making it up. “There was someone. It was strange, I even thought at that time, isn’t that strange? But then I forgot. The thing is, I heard the lift, but it was going down. Someone must have called the lift and it descended from the top floors and the doors opened. And then it went down. I thought, strange, who could have called the lift to our floor? As there are only two apartments, mine and Tanya’s, and she wouldn’t go out that late.”
“What time was it?” Vadim asked. 
“It was about nine, because the news started just after that.”
“All right granny Sveta. That’s it for today. You’ve helped a lot, and thank you very much. Now go to bed and try to have some sleep. I’ll call you tomorrow and maybe come over or send someone to write down all your statements. Don’t open the door to anyone, unless he tells you that I sent him.” Vadim kissed the lady, who was by now very frail from fatigue, and left.

22nd March
Next day the investigation of Tatyana Petrovna Murav’eva’s murder was opened at the Homicide Department. Vadim led the investigation, but he was also working as an ordinary detective. He simply couldn’t sit and wait for the results that his colleagues might produce.
The first step was to interview all the neighbours of Tatyana Petrovna. Two detectives collected that information, which could lead to further actions. They found out that the upstairs neighbours saw the lift descending from Tatyana’s floor in the evening, about nine o’clock on the 12th of March. They remembered that fact, because they were climbing the stairs with their two little boys and a dog. The boys had had a row, and they were both crying and misbehaving, so the parents decided to make the kids waste some bad energy on walking upstairs to the fifth floor. The dog ran ahead, and the boys followed, their quarrel forgotten. The parents saw the lift go down just when they were approaching the third floor.
There was another valuable witness, a pregnant woman from the first floor, who saw a stranger about the same time. She called the lift to the ground floor, and when it took her up to the first floor, she saw a man hastily descending the stairs. She described him as a tall man with longish dark hair and wearing a long dark coat. The woman didn’t see much of the stranger’s face; she had the impression that the man was purposefully looking the other way to divert his face.
All right, Vadim thought at the end of the day, when all the information had been gathered in his office. We have a suspect. Now we must find who he is. Vadim had spent the day talking to the administration and actors at the theatre where Tatyana Petrovna had worked. He was interested in the tour group from St Petersburg Operetta, mainly in the actress named Kira Krassilnikova.
He found out that Kira was the leading actress of the operetta company, that she was married and had a daughter, that her husband was a popular musician, Eugeny Krassilnikov, and that he hadn’t been on the tour. Vadim was also told that Kira was the only daughter of a well known musician and conductor, Felix Kaplan, who lived in St Petersburg. This news contradicted granny Sveta’s information, and he decided to talk to the old woman again.
Granny Sveta repeated her previous version – Tanya was visited by Kira Krassilnikova and her husband. Kira and her family were well known to Gran Tanya, Kira’s mother being Tatyana’s friend in pre-war times.
The name ‘Krassilnikov’ had triggered something in Vadim’s mind. And when he heard the name ‘Kaplan’, suddenly the pieces of the picture fell into place. Vadim remembered his first case, when both these families were the subject of an investigation. Nothing had been proven then, but there was a dead girl, and although her death was declared accidental Vadim wasn’t convinced. He couldn’t help feeling that the Krassilnikovs and the Kaplans were hiding something. He didn’t remember Kira, who was just a girl at that time, but he remembered her father, an arrogant handsome musician with the refined manners of an English lord. He certainly didn’t forget Kira’s grandmother, her reserved but polite manner, and her outstanding looks. And if the man had the manners of a lord, the lady had those of a queen!
The more Vadim thought about his first case, the more details he remembered about the Krassilnikov-Kaplan family. The musician’s wife, Kira’s mother, wasn’t she in the wheelchair? Yes, I’m sure, the woman was paralysed. And she was far too young to have known my granny in pre-war times. No, there’s something odd here, something not quite right. 

23rd March
The following day brought more information about the stranger in a long dark coat. Actually it was the coat that had attracted the witness’s attention. A boy of sixteen, who lived in the same building, was walking his dog at nine o’clock. He met his classmate, a girl, who was on her way home, and the two teenagers were walked slowly towards the entrance, the dog running by their side. The boy said, they had spotted a tall man in a long dark coat, who descended the front steps and walked fast in their direction. It was the girl, who noticed the man’s coat.
“She spotted the buttons,” the boy told the investigators, “the buttons with lions, she said they were very unusual.”
The girl confirmed the statement, saying that indeed, she noticed the strange buttons on the man’s coat. She also glanced at the man’s face. “He was a handsome guy, although quite old, but good looking. And nice hair, a bit grey, but still thick and rather long.” The girl was sure she would recognise the man if she saw him again.
There was something that started troubling Vadim again, the coat with peculiar buttons. Buttons with lions, where have I seen such buttons? Or heard about them? The connection was somewhere at the back of his mind, but he couldn’t get to it, there was too much going on, too much to think about, Vadim’s head was spinning. He wasn’t used to investigating the murder of a loved one.
And then it dawned on him. Vadim reached in his pocket and took out his battered old wallet, which had so many compartments that he often forgot what was hidden there, and was surprised when he found something interesting. And that was what happened: hidden in one of the deep pockets of the battered wallet was an unusual metal button. And Vadim remembered where the button had come from.


~***~


Chapter 23
Winter 1967,  Moscow
Vadim Vasin

When Vadim Vasin was still under training at the Police Academy, cadets were often assigned to help the local Policemen in simple investigations, to acquire some practical experience of real police work. One evening when Vadim was on duty in a local Police station, there was a call from a man, who nervously reported that he had discovered the body of a woman. The sergeant on duty was about to finish his shift at midnight, and was looking forward to going home. He was, therefore, very unhappy about the phone call, which meant that going home would have to be postponed. It was very cold, the day had been frosty, and by the midnight the temperature had dropped even lower.
“Hell,” The sergeant muttered under his breath, pulling on his heavy coat. “Must be some drunken tramp, got herself frozen in the snow. They die like that every day, you won’t believe how many of these people are really around.” He sighed. “Well, I suppose we have to go. Go on, you’ll be the one to do the scene investigation.”
Vadim was only too happy to do the important work. It was his first time to attend to the scene of a suspicious death, and on the way he was imagining how he would solve a mysterious murder and find the murderer, just from the few clues left at the scene.
By the time they arrived at the scene, both men were chilled to the bone and breathing hard in the damp frosty air, which condensed round their faces in white clouds. The dead woman was lying on the steps leading to the river. The passer by who had found her, was waiting dutifully nearby, smoking and hopping on his feet in an attempt to keep warm. He showed his ID to the sergeant when asked. There was nothing suspicious about him, just a student who was on the way home from a party, after escorting his girlfriend home. The young man lived nearby, and Vadim noted his address and telephone number for future contact.
Then the time came to examine the body. Vadim could remember with amazing clarity the entangled dark hair, the white skin of the face, the eyes, wide open and entreating, and the mouth, stuffed with snow. She looked young, no more then twenty-something, and though her clothes were all covered with snow, he could see that she was well dressed. No, she didn’t look like a frozen drunkard.
The sergeant muttered. “Holly shit. It looks bad, cadet. Looks like a murder case. You stay here, and I’ll go to call the investigation department. I think I saw a telephone booth on the corner.”
While the sergeant was away making the call, Vadim made a closer look at the girl. Her clothes seemed to be untouched, so it didn’t look as if she had been raped. There were no visible injuries, so it was hard to say how the girl had died. Vadim suddenly felt an overwhelming sadness, and a terrible pity for the girl, who was so young and beautiful, but dead, murdered by some crazy person.
Vadim looked around the body, trying to find something that could be of help to the investigators. There were lots of footprints everywhere, and the snow was all compressed, as if someone had been rolling in it. By the side of the body, pressed hard into the snow, Vadim spotted something small and metallic. It was a very unusual button, at least Vadim had never seen anything like that. It was metal, bronze colour, with a lion motif. There were also some letters on the reverse side, but Vadim couldn’t read them.
An investigation team arrived and took control, but Vadim was allowed to stay at the scene as an observer. He stayed as long as it took for the forensic specialists to collect all the evidence and for the body to be removed. He gave them the button, and after the body of the girl had been taken away, he finally went home.
In a couple of days he was summoned to the Investigation Department to give a statement about the incident. Vadim asked if there were any clues as to who had done it, who had killed the girl, but he was told that the case had been closed. “There are no clues to play with,”  said the officer in charge. “There’s nothing to help us find the murderer. It must have been some crazy person, as the girl’s handbag was untouched and her jewellery unmoved. She probably tried to cry out, so he stuffed snow in her mouth and choked her to death.”
“How about the button that I found near the body?” Vadim asked in frustration. “Surely it belonged to the killer!”
“Not necessarily,” the officer replied. “Anyway, the case has been closed, the button is irrelevant. Here, you can have it as a souvenir from your first serious case.” And with that, he handed Vadim the metal button.
“Thank you,” was all Vadim could say. He was beginning to learn that the policeman’s job  could involve disappointments and frustrations, that very often the murderers went unpunished and even undiscovered. That particular day he felt empty and sad. I will find him, I swear, he made a mental promise to the dead girl, but mostly to himself.
He had carried the button in his wallet since then as a reminder of his intention to always solve the crime, to punish the criminal.


~***~


Chapter 24
March 1992, St Petersburg
Vadim Vasin

Now the investigation had some leads, and it was time to go to St Petersburg. Vadim had an idea about this city holding the clues that would solve the whole mystery. He decided to go himself rather than sending someone else. It’s time to pay a visit to the city on the Neva river, after all these years.
Before his departure Vadim tried to obtain any information about the Krassilnikov family. There were files on General Gregory Krassilnikov, which contained some secret information that Vadim couldn’t see without special permission. I can guess why I would need permission to see these files, Vadim thought. The General must have been a KGB informer, like most of the army people were at that time. Do I need this permission? Is there something in his file that might interest me? He decided to look further at the files after he had returned from St Petersburg.
Vadim loved the northern Capital. It was airy and fresh, and liberating. It seemed more democratic than conservative Moscow; life was easier as people were more helpful here. There was a lot of debate and argument in the Duma (Parliament) about renaming Leningrad back to its original name, St Petersburg. The Duma couldn’t make a unanimous decision, and so a referendum was carried out, to decide what name the city should have. This democratic move had only been possible since the break-up of the Soviet Union. Most people just didn’t believe that they could actually speak up freely, and vote for something important, and not be pressured into accepting the official point of view. The majority decision was to give the city back its historical name.
It was difficult for Vadim, who was born just after World War II and brought up in the Soviet Union, to fully comprehend the significance of the democratic changes taking place in his country. He realised, however, that it would take more than a few years before the changes became the normal way of life, and accepted by all. Concerning his own job, the changes were less important, it was routine police work that counted. There wasn’t too much difference in the work of the ordinary Police ‘before’ or ‘after’, as they just maintained law and order – no matter what government was in power.
Strangely enough, Vadim’s first case was also connected with the Northern Capital.


~***~


Chapter 25
Autumn 1968, Leningrad
Vadim Vasin

The case was opened when Marina Timoshina, the only daughter of a high-ranking Communist Party functionary, went missing. Vadim was sent to Leningrad by his superior, Major Barsukov. Vadim Vasin, a lieutenant who had just graduated from the Police Academy in Moscow, had been recommended as someone who could be trusted to conduct a thorough investigation, who would leave no stone unturned until the truth was discovered. At the moment Vadim was working on a case of a theft from a greengrocer’s kiosk, where several kilos of vegetables had been stolen. This ‘important’ case could be finished in no time, as the major knew perfectly well, who the culprit was. The thief was a drunkard and an idler, who only spent a couple of months outside of prison between incarcerations, and who happened to be the husband of the woman that operated the kiosk in question.
Major Barsukov called Vadim and gave him twenty four hours to finish the theft case. He also mentioned that a certain apartment should be checked for the stolen goods. Indeed, the apartment contained the goods all right – not that they were much good anymore. When Vadim and a District Policeman opened the door of the apartment (which was not even locked), they found the thief and his wife drunk on the sofa.  The unsold vegetables, half rotten and stinking, piled on the kitchen floor, plus the smell of the two alcoholics, made the apartment sickening. The case was closed as the two accomplices were arrested.
By the end of the day lieutenant Vasin was at Barsukov’s disposal. The major explained the mission to the young lieutenant, who was eager to be trusted with an important case.
Vadim Vasin was given the task to interrogate Marina’s supposed boyfriend Eugeny Krassilnokov and to get all the possible information about the girl’s whereabouts. 
Major Barsukov had stressed to Vadim that the interrogation should be carried out discretely, off the record, as there were very many uncertainties in the case. It wasn’t even for certain that Eugeny Krassilnikov had been involved with Marina, she may have made up the story.
It was known, from previous questioning of Marina’s friend Galina, that Marina might have gone to Sochi after failing to find Eugeny in Leningrad. According to Galina, Marina had visited Eugeny’s place and spoken to a neighbour, who gave her Eugeny’s address in Sochi. The neighbour’s name was Svetlana Kaplan, and she was an invalid. The information was not necessarily reliable as it was all based on Galina’s statement. So Vadim was also to talk to Svetlana. It was a sensitive matter, and Vadim needed to be very polite and tactful. Every step was to be reported back directly to Barsukov.
Lieutenant Vasin travelled by train and arrived in Leningrad at 9.30 on a sunny morning. There was so much sunshine, that the air itself seemed to radiate light, with things sharply defined and casting long black shadows. It was cold light though, with the temperature only just above zero, and Vadim shivered in his short coat, which was fashionable and elegant, but useless for the cold weather.
He decided to walk down Nevski Avenue, as it was not far from where Eugeny lived. It was still too early to get on with his work, so Vadim dropped in a café and had a cup of coffee with a couple of pies – one with minced meat and one with cabbage. He remembered these pies, as good as homemade, from his childhood when his grandmother brought him here. They walked around Leningrad a lot, and little Vadim liked to eat out at the cafés and canteens – he was easy to please.  Now the sunny Nevski was welcoming him back.
I’m going to solve this case, Vadim thought with determination. I’ll do it, and my career will pick up immediately. Even old Barsuk  will recognise me then, and will let me join his team. Barsuk being the nickname for Barsukov (barsuk is also Russian for badger).
With these sweet thoughts, Vadim approached the building where Eugeny and Svetlana lived. Vadim decided to linger in the little garden at the front of the building, hoping that Svetlana would like to spend some time there on such a lovely day – he wanted to talk to her in a less official atmosphere.
It was quite warm there, in the little sun trap formed by the sheltered garden, and Vadim felt nice and relaxed. But he hadn’t forgotten why he was there and watched everybody who left or entered the apartment block. There were not many people to watch. I wonder how many apartments share this entrance? Vadim thought. Can’t be too many, as they are quite spacious. Probably two on every floor, and with three floors, that makes it six apartments all in all. He was getting bored and a bit tired, loosing his concentration.
Luckily, after waiting about 90 minutes, the entrance door opened and Vadim saw a wheelchair pushed by a carer. The woman in the wheelchair must be Svetlana Kaplan, he thought. The carer pushed the wheelchair to a bench under a tree, arranged the blanket around Svetlana’s knees, and went back into the building. The lieutenant was left alone with Svetlana. She seemed to be quite pleasant and looked intelligent, but was deep in thought.
He observed her for a minute or two, trying to plan his conversation.
Vadim was just about to stand up and approach the woman, when she turned her head slightly and met his gaze. “Excuse me,” the woman spoke to Vadim, “would it be too much of a trouble if I ask you to move my chair a little bit? It seems so nice in the sunshine, and I’m chilly here in the shade.”
“Sure, I’d love to be of help!” Vadim sprung to his feet and moved towards the wheelchair. “Where would you like me to move it?”
“Right there, please, in the sunshine,” she answered with a kind smile. “I’m so much obliged to you.” As Vadim moved the wheelchair and sat back on the bench, she continued the conversation with small social talk. “Autumn is here already,” she went on. “Summer is so short here in the North. I like summer, do you?”
“Oh, yes, yes, I do,” Vadim was thinking how to make a polite move to the change of the subject. “Do you spend your summers here in Leningrad?” He asked.
“Not always. This year I did. We have a dacha in Komarovo, a beautiful place, I enjoy it there!”
“You said not always, which means you sometimes go somewhere on a holiday, is that true?” He was now turning the conversation in the necessary direction.
“Yes, you are quite right,” answered the woman. “Last year we spent the whole summer in Sochi! I loved it by the sea! My daughter spent every minute in the water. This year my husband went to Sochi again, and we stayed in Leningrad, as my daughter had to do some preparation for her school. He’s a musician, my husband, and he had a tour in Sochi. They pay so handsomely, but one never has enough money, don’t you think?” She laughed and pointed at her legs. “Especially with this to take care of. The carer, the treatment, the medicines, it all costs a lot.”
She fell silent, and Vadim took his chance to bring up the subject that was on his mind.
“By the way, I’m Vadim Vasin, and you?” he looked at the woman expectantly.
“I’m Svetlana Kaplan,” answered the woman.
“You know, Svetlana, I’m here because of you.” Seeing the question in her eyes he explained, “I’m a Police lieutenant, and I came here from Moscow. I need to talk to you. It has to be an unofficial talk, that’s why I waited for you here. I need your help.”
Svetlana looked straight at him, and Vadim thought he was about to see something there behind her steady gaze, but it was gone. She was simply sitting in her wheelchair, looking at him and waiting.
“It’s about the young girl you met right here, at this particular spot in early summer,” Vadim came straight to the point. “Her name is Marina, and she was probably asking you about a certain young man, named Eugeny.” At the mention of the name, something flittered in Svetlana’s eyes, and Vadim felt he was on the right track. “Here’s her photo, look at it carefully, please. Svetlana, I think, you must remember her, you gave her the address of the hotel where Eugeny was staying in Sochi.”
Svetlana shook her head, holding the photo. “I’m sorry”, she said, handing it back with an earnest expression. “I don’t remember this face. And I don’t recollect anyone, whom I talked to about Eugeny. He is a handsome young man, and there are a lot of girls interested in him, but I certainly wouldn’t give any of them his address in Sochi. After all, he went to Sochi on a tour with my husband, they both were working hard, not having a holiday.”
Vadim felt the sting of disappointment. Could it be that Marina had made up that entire story? Or is Svetlana lying? She seems so genuine and frank, and why would she want to lie? He tried once more. “It’s very important, Svetlana, please, try to remember. The girl went missing shortly after she spoke with you!”
Svetlana looked distressed. She picked up the photograph again and looked at it for several minutes. “I’m really sorry about the missing girl, but I can’t help you, lieutenant. You see, I often sit here in the garden and you would be surprised at how many people come to talk to me! I must be attracting these people for some reason, maybe because of my condition, they trust me and often confide in me. I don’t remember every one I talk with, but I’m sure I would have remembered this girl, especially if I spoke to her about my neighbour. No. I’m quite positive, I haven’t seen her.”
There was nothing else Vadim could do. He was so deeply disappointed that it must have shown on his face. Svetlana smiled gently as if she wanted to reassure him. “Sorry, I couldn’t be of more help, I really would like to be!”
“Thank you for your time, and sorry I disturbed you. It was nice talking to you Svetlana, have a good day.”
He was about to leave, when she spoke again, “You didn’t disturb me at all! And I have all the time I want. It’s a pleasure to talk to people. Come to talk any time you feel like it!”
Vadim thanked Svetlana again and left. He still needed to speak with Eugeny, but he didn’t want to make it obvious to Svetlana. Vadim decided to return later in the evening to make sure Eugeny would be at home. He didn’t realise that evening was actually the busiest time for the musician. In the meantime, he went to the Central Post Office and made a long distance phone call to Moscow, as it was necessary to report back to the major.
Major Barsukov was not pleased with the news. He had hoped that lieutenant Vasin would find something new after his talk with Svetlana Kaplan. Strange, the way she was denying talking to Marina . . . But there was a possibility that Marina had invented things and told Galina a lot of lies. Marina might not have even travelled to Sochi. The Major instructed Vadim to interview Eugeny. “Call me as soon as you finish with the musician. Even if it’s late night, call my home number. You might need to go to Sochi tomorrow.”
After six in the evening Vadim went back to Eugeny’s apartment. The streets were much busier, there were people everywhere, and the roads were flooded with cars. Vadim approached the building cautiously, he didn’t want to be spotted by Svetlana. She wasn’t around, and Vadim opened the front door and entered the cool vestibule. There was an old-fashioned lift on the left and a wide staircase on the right. He took the stairs, walking up to the third floor. There were two doors on the landing, and Vadim rang the doorbell of Eugeny’s apartment. He could hear the bell ringing inside, but there was no answer. Vadim waited and waited, and rang the bell again and again, with no result.
That’s a disappointment, the lieutenant thought. If I don’t talk to Eugeny tonight, I won’t be able to go to Sochi tomorrow. That’s really bad luck! It’s certainly not my day!
He was about to leave, when the other door opened and an old woman emerged. She struck Vadim as a very handsome lady, though her age was clearly visible. But the way she held her head, the gaze of her large dark eyes, the set of her hair – all made an impression of high class.
She’s like a queen, thought Vadim.
The lady spoke with the resonant voice of a professional singer. “Can I help you? Our neighbour is not at home at the moment, but I’m a close friend and I can take a message if you want.”
Vadim introduced himself and said he needed to speak to Eugeny about an important issue. 
“But Eugeny is at work, lieutenant. He never comes back until after midnight. He works in the orchestra at the Philharmonic, and their busiest time starts later in the evening.” The old lady looked at Vadim attentively and said, “I suppose I shouldn’t ask, but what is your interest in Eugeny? It’s only that I thought, that I probably could be of some help? You see, my son and Eugeny work together, and we are really good friends.”
Vadim hesitated only a second, Well, why not? The old lady probably knows everything about everybody. The main thing is not to meet Svetlana again, the old woman must be her mother-in-law.
He said, “Yes, thank you, it’s very kind of you. Perhaps you could help me . . .”
“Come in then,” the old lady stood back so that Vadim could enter her apartment.
The entrance hall was huge. Vadim had never seen anything like it, except in films about the pre-revolution times. It was clean, and it didn’t look like an entrance hall at all, there were no shoes on the floor by the door – something Vadim was used to. There were no odd coats hung on the wall, and there were no coat hooks. There was no dusty doormat either, instead, the floor was covered with a big cream carpet, and there were two matching antique tables in the corners, each with a vase of flowers. One of the tables had a large antique standard lamp, in the form of a dryad, by its side. Several doors opened into the hall, all of them hidden behind drapes.
“This way, please,” the old lady led the way to one of the rooms on the left. Vadim followed, not certain if he had to take off his shoes, which he usually did when entering a apartment, but somehow it seemed inappropriate. They entered the room, which must have served the purpose of a living room. The same atmosphere of well-being and simplicity, elegance and good taste. There were lots of books on the shelves of a bookcase and on the table. Vadim also spotted magazines in bright covers on the coffee table.
“Do, sit down, and make yourself comfortable. Would you like a cup of tea or coffee? And, by the way, my name is Eleonora.”
 “No, thank you, I don’t want anything. I won’t keep you long.” Vadim sat on one of the chairs that were arranged around the table, thinking how to start with his questions.
The lady came at his rescue again: “So you were interested in Eugeny. How can I be of any help?”
“I just wanted to ask your neighbour a few questions, that’s all. It’s about the girl who went missing, Marina Timoshina. I wanted to ask Eugeny if he saw her in Sochi or here in Leningrad. Maybe he mentioned something about her to you?” Vadim looked at Eleonora’s sincere face, and had a momentary hope that she could help him. He went on with more enthusiasm. “You know, she told her friend that she was going to Sochi to meet Eugeny, and then she went missing. We don’t even know if she went to Sochi after all.”
Eleonora looked at Vadim for a moment, collecting her thoughts. “No, I can’t recollect anybody named Marina who came to see Eugeny this summer. But of course I can’t know all his girlfriends!” She smiled good-heartedly. “As for Sochi, I’m positive there was no unexpected visit from Marina of anybody else, otherwise my son would have mentioned it. You know, both he and Zhenya worked very hard in Sochi, they were on a tour, not on a holiday. Can I see the girl’s photo, if you have one?”
“Oh, sure, here it is,” Vadim handed the photo to Eleonora, and watched her face for any signs if recognition.
Eleonora took the photo and looked at it with interest. “Pretty girl! I’m sure I would have remembered her if I had happened to see her. But, no. I have never seen this girl. Sorry, I can’t help you.” With that she stood up.
Vadim sprung to his feet. “Thank you very much,” he said. “I still need to question your neighbour, I have my duty. But it was really nice talking to you.” He followed the old woman to the entrance door. “When do you think is the best time to call back?”
Eleonora stood by the door, holding it open. “Well, if after midnight is not too late for you, then call in tonight after the concert. But if you think it’s too late, then tomorrow morning, round eleven. Don’t come earlier, he’ll be asleep. Good bye, lieutenant, and good luck with your investigation!” Vadim stepped out and she closed the door.
He had to decide whether to come back later that night or wait until tomorrow. Finally he thought that the major would be the one to make a decision and went to the Central Post Office, to make a call for the second time that day. Vadim found major Barsukov still at work, in his office on Petrovka 38, the headquarters of MCID. Barsukov was tired and annoyed with something, and he wasn’t pleased with his lieutenant.
“Can’t you make your own decisions?” he shouted into the phone.  “Is it a nursery school or the MCID? Are you a schoolboy or an investigator? Use your brain! Think!” And then the major hung up, saying only that he was expecting good results from Vasin as soon as possible. “You’ll have to fly to Sochi, probably tomorrow,” were his last words.
Why not try and see Eugeny at the Philharmonics, Vadim thought. I can even catch him during the break. After all, it’s just a routine question I need to ask. I’m pretty sure Marina didn’t visit him at his apartment. Now I need to find out if she ever met him in Sochi, and if the answer is negative, we’ll have to look elsewhere.
Vadim arrived at the Philharmonics just as the first part of the concert had finished. Lots of people were streaming to the exits to get to the cafeteria for a glass of wine or a cup of coffee and a cake. Everybody was nicely dressed, and looking around he noticed lots of pretty girls.
No wonder Eugeny wasn’t interested in Marina, Vadim thought, look at all these pretty chicks who come to the concert to listen to him.
Acting on an impulse, Vadim decided not to question the musician during that break, but wait until the next one.  I might as well listen to some music, he thought, and went to talk to the administrator about a seat.
The second part began in twenty minutes, and Vadim felt as if he was immersed in the music – a pleasant and not quite forgotten feeling. He then remembered that as a child, his grandmother often took him to the theatre. He used to like looking at the musicians from the top of the amphitheatre, following their movements as well as listening to the sounds these movements produced. It’s been a long time, though, since he last went to listen to live music.
Now Vadim found that he was trying to spot who was who amongst the musicians on stage. There was a tall thin man playing the violin, his face full of passion, and so masterly that Vadim temporarily forgot that he had a task to fulfil, but only for a minute. His eyes went on scanning the orchestra for the pianist, as he knew that Eugeny would be playing the piano. He spotted Eugeny playing the piano with considerable panache. The young musician was very handsome, even Vadim, who wasn’t usually appreciative of men’s good looks, had to admit it. The second part of the concert finished and after long applause the audience started drifting towards the cafeteria once again.
Vadim made his way to the staff quarters behind the scenes and was immediately impressed by the number of young girls, all of them crowding around the door of the musicians’ dressing room. They were all holding out photos or paper pads, to get autographs from the musicians. With no surprise at all, Vadim saw that most of the photos were of Eugeny. He pushed his way through the flock of girls and tapped on the door. There came an indistinct answer, and Vadim opened the door, entering the hot, dimly lit chamber.
There were two people in the room. One of them Vadim recognised as Eugeny, and the other was the violinist, who had so captured his imagination earlier. The violinist was sitting on the chair, leaning far back and smoking, and the younger man was standing over him, one hand on the violinist shoulder and the other one in the air, as if he had been gesticulating while talking. Presumably, the two of them were in the middle of conversation, which stopped abruptly when Vadim entered the room. Both men looked up and there was an expression of annoyance on their faces.
“I must apologise for the intrusion”, Vadim spoke at once, “but there is some urgency in the matter of my investigation. I’m Lieutenant Vasin, and I came from Moscow to ask some questions about a missing girl.” Seeing that he had got their attention, Vadim went on, explaining the situation. “I need your cooperation”, he addressed Eugeny, “and it will only take a couple of minutes.”
“Yes, sure,” Eugeny spoke with uncertainty, looking back at the older musician, who stood up and was now facing Vadim.
“Certainly Lieutenant, we are both happy to answer any questions you want to ask. Both my friend and I are ready to cooperate with our Police!” The older man sounded slightly sarcastic, or maybe it was just Vadim’s impression? The young lieutenant suddenly felt a strong attitude of superiority radiating from the older musician, and wished he had spoken to Eugeny in private. But Eugeny certainly didn’t show any desire to let his friend go.
Vadim produced the photo of a missing girl and showed it to Eugeny, who took the photo and looked at it for a brief moment handing it back right away. He then looked at Vadim waiting for the question to follow. “Do you know this girl?” Was Vadim’s first question.
 “Yes,” answered the young musician without hesitation, “I know her, we were fellow students at the Academy of Music. Her name is Marina Timoshina.”
Vadim went on, telling Eugeny that Marina supposedly had followed him to Leningrad. “Have you got any idea why Marina would want to go to Leningrad to meet you? Did you make any arrangements to see her? Were you in some special relationship?”
Eugeny’s face turned slightly paler, though it could have been Vadim’s imagination again. “No, I have no idea why Marina would want to come to Leningrad. And, no, we weren’t in any special relationship.” Eugeny gave short answers, as if he didn’t want to speak about the girl.
It was really a question and answer conversation, which was quite frustrating for Vadim, who hoped to hear more personal details. He continued, “Did you ever mention to Marina that you were going to Sochi on a tour? Or was there any other way of her finding out about your plans?”
And he only got a short “No” for an answer. Vadim was running out of time, the break would be over in a few minutes, and he would have to go away – again with no progress to report to the Major.
It was the violinist, who interrupted the awkward dialogue. “Excuse my interfering,” he spoke in a low well modulated voice, “my name is Felix Kaplan, and being a close friend of Eugeny, can I enquire about the reason of all these questions? Is there anything you suspect my friend of regarding the girl in question?” Deep inside his eyes Vadim sensed a mocking sarcasm.
Vadim explained to Felix that the girl went missing after she had gone to Sochi, supposedly to meet Eugeny.
“Are you sure Marina actually left for Sochi?” Felix seemed to be interested now. “She could have stayed in Leningrad for all you know.”
Again Vadim was forced to answer Felix’s question. “Yes, we have evidence that Marina left Leningrad for Sochi. Her name was on the list of the passengers, or rather, her friend’s name . . .” Vadim found a need to explain and had to mention the story with the two passports. “You see, Marina borrowed her friend’s passport to travel to Sochi, and this friend’s name is on the passengers’ list.”
“Oh, I see!” Felix turned to look at his younger friend and then met Vadim’s gaze again. “Well, we can only be as much help as we can. We certainly didn’t see the girl in Sochi.”
 The question about Sochi was the next one lieutenant was going to ask Eugeny, and now there was no need. Vadim was annoyed at the investigation being taken away from him. He seemed to be losing control of the situation. Still he tried to keep a poker face and addressed Eugeny directly. “ Are you sure, you didn’t see Marina in Sochi? Not even from a distance?”
And once again he received a terse reply, “Yes, I’m sure. No, I didn’t”.
That was really all Vadim could achieve at that moment. He thanked both men and apologised again for taking their time.
“It’s all right, we were glad if we could help,” Felix said sarcastically. “If there’s any further enquiry, we’re at your service. Good bye now!”
Vadim left the dressing room and made his way out of the Philharmonic. It was time to call Major Barsukov again.
Major Barsukov was at neither of his telephones. Vadim was hungry, so he went to a café for a late dinner, and called again in an hour. It was nearly eleven o’clock, and the city around him was getting quieter, as if preparing for the night. It was very much cooler at night, and Vadim had to put on his coat, which he had been carrying all day, and which had finally become so useful. He felt tired and was looking forward to some rest at the hotel.
This time Barsukov answered on his home phone. Vadim narrated his earlier conversation with Eugeny and Felix, and could hear the major mumble something about ‘not getting any results’.
“You must go to Sochi first thing tomorrow. There you should check any unidentified bodies, you hear me? She could have disappeared without any documents on her. And keep in touch.” The major hung up and Vasin could finally go to his hotel and have some sleep. Next day he would be on the way to Sochi.
Vadim went to bed right after his conversation with Major Barsukov and fell asleep, hoping for better results tomorrow. The ticket for the airplane had been booked, and there wasn’t much time for a proper rest, as the flight was at nine in the morning.


~***~


Chapter 26
Autumn 1968, Sochi
Vadim Vasin

Vadim was quite thrilled about going to Sochi, his first trip to the wonderfully warm Black Sea. He usually spent his summer holidays near Moscow, in the pioneer camps, and a couple of times he had been on trips to Leningrad, Minsk and Kiev. That was all his experience with travelling. He also very seldom travelled by air, so the flight to Sochi was exciting and yet also a bit frightening. Vadim sat back in his seat and closed his eyes, trying to relax and imagine that he was going on a holiday to the Black Sea with a pretty girl – he liked that idea! Vadim Vasin didn’t have a girlfriend at that time, but he often fantasized about his ideal lady, and had several different images in his mind. This time the imaginary girl was just like Marina.
On arriving at the airport Lieutenant Vasin was met by a colleague from the Sochi CID, who had a car. They drove along the twisty road by the sea, and Vadim felt so happy, so relaxed. The sea was wonderful! It was beyond his expectations. As they drove, his colleague talked about the investigation, but Vadim couldn’t fully concentrate. Part of him was far away down by the warm blue water – running along the beach, paddling in the waves and laughing happily. He suddenly became aware that he was grinning like a kid who had just got a surprise present. Vadim quickly pulled himself together and glanced at the driver, wondering if his colleague had noticed his inattention to duty? Vadim realised that he needed to listen and concentrate, he had come here for the important investigation. If there’s time, he would go to the beach, but in the meantime . . .
Vadim couldn’t find a trace of Marina anywhere, she hadn’t been seen near the hotel where Eugeny stayed, or anywhere else in Sochi, and she wasn’t noticed at the airport either. As the airport is some 60km from Sochi, Vadim questioned the taxi and bus drivers who worked that route but no one remembered anybody answering Marina’s description.
The body had been found in the sea near a hotel by the promenade. The body hadn’t been identified, but the drowned girl resembled Marina. She didn’t have any documents on her, so it was difficult to be certain. There was also an unclaimed suitcase found in the left luggage department of the bus station. In the suitcase they found a blond wig, looking much bedraggled, as if it had been tossed into the case in a hurry. There were also things belonging to a girl: clothes, underwear and cosmetics. But no documents or personal things that could be used for identification.
Vadim asked to go straight to the police headquarters, as he wanted to start working asap. He would go to his hotel later, and maybe even find time to go look at the sea. First of all, Vadim wanted to examine everything in connection with the drowned girl. He had an unpleasant surprise when they told him that the case had been closed. The death had been announced as accidental. Vadim had to go to the archives, to look at the documents. It took ages to find the files – not that there were a lot of them. The autopsy report occupied only half page: no signs of violence, and the conclusion that death was caused by drowning.
Vadim looked at the photos of the dead girl. It was hard to say for sure, but to him, they didn’t look particularly like the photos of Marina that her parents had supplied. He would have to go to the morgue for a proper identification – he would do it tomorrow. Today Vadim decided to go to the hotel where Eugeny had stayed and talk to the staff.
There was a secret reason for that sequence of his activities: the hotel was not far from his own lodging place, and probably after he had spoken to everybody and reported to the Major, it would be possible to have a little free time by the sea. The hotel was quite grandiose. Vadim had only seen places like this in films about life abroad. He couldn’t believe that any Soviet people could afford to stay in somewhere that magnificent. And yet, Eugeny and his friend Felix stayed here when on tour. 
Vadim found the chief administrator and showed his ID. “I’m from MCID,” he said. “I need to talk to the staff, who were on duty when the girl was found drowned at the pier.” He decided to start asking questions about the dead girl, and then gradually make enquiries about the musicians, and in particular Eugeny.
“Oh, you are from Moscow, I thought they would send someone to do a thorough investigation,” said the administrator, a woman in her late forties with her hair died brightly red, and heavily made up. She was definitely pleased to be in the centre of attention. “I said from the beginning that the investigation wasn’t carried out properly. Two seasons, and two drowned girls! How could it be just an accident? It’s a maniac, trust my word! A maniac! That’s what all our staff think.”
“Wait a minute, wait a minute!” Vadim tried to get between the endless stream of the woman’s speech. “What two drowned girls are you talking about? As far as I know, there’s only been one!”
“Yes, one this year! But what about the one last season? The body was only discovered in autumn of course, but still . . . One can recognise the work of the same person . . . No sign of violence, but it doesn’t necessarily take much violence to be drowned, don’t you think? A good push from the cliff into the water, and that’s it! There had never been any accidents before, and that’s what I tell you, and I’ve worked in this very hotel for twenty years! It’s a respectable place, it has the best reputation on the coast, and now look! Dead bodies floating in the sea near our pier! That’s so much for our reputation!”  The lady administrator sniffed indignantly, showing her disgust with the work of the local Police.
Vasin tensed, like a dog that had just picked up the scent. There was another death under the similar circumstances, but nobody thought of connecting it to the drowned girl this year. Didn’t they see the connection? Or just didn’t want to bother? He would have to look into the documents from the previous year as well.
The administrator took Vadim to the second floor and introduced him to a middle-aged maid, who was on duty when the body had been discovered. “Here’s our Nastya, she’s the best maid, she always gets on well with the customers and is helpful. Nastya, dear, this is Lieutenant Vasin from Moscow Criminal Investigation Department, he wants to ask you some questions.”
The administrator finally left, leaving Vadim alone with the maid.
“It must have been scary, when the body was discovered,” he started, “I wonder if the customers were frightened?”
“Oh, it was scary, God’s my witness!” Nastya took the bait and went on talking. “I was on duty that morning, and I was just about to do the rooms on the fourth floor after the customers had left, and the porter came running, and he shouts, ‘Another body found! Another girl was drowned!’ And you know, I thought I would faint there and then! I’m so sensitive . . .” She was certainly going to narrate about the whole exciting day, but that was not on Vadim’s agenda.
“And how did the customers react?” He interrupted the maid.
“I was just going to say . . . So, I stand there all cold and faintly, and the door to the suite opens, and this musician emerges, such a nice man, and he says, what is it all about Nastya, why is everybody shouting, you woke me up.  And I tell him of course, that another body has been found, and he goes all pale, God’s my witness, and says, ‘ I need to lie down, I don’t feel too good.’ Of course, very delicate nature they are, these musicians, he and his friend. And handsome as well, God’s my witness! But not bringing girls to the rooms or anything nasty, no, respectable men, both. Though I think, what’s wrong about a summer romance? You’re only young once, aren’t you?”
Nastya was drifting off the subject, and Vadim had to coax her back. “So this young musician was nervous when he heard about the drowned girl?” He asked the maid again.
“Not the young one, the older one! The young one was asleep, he never woke up until midday, I always had to come in the afternoon to do his room. He was singing with the band, what a voice! All the girls were crazy about him! The older one as well, but the young boy . . . ! You should see him! Though of course you are a man, and you can’t appreciate another man’s beauty . . .”
Vasin was very interested in this aspect of the young musician’s story – his girlfriends, so he asked again, “And he didn’t bring any girl to his room, you say? I don’t believe you! He must have sneaked them in!”
Nastya’s face became red with indignation. “If I tell you, no girls, it means, no girls! I answer for every word of mine! Never any women in the suite. They were serious, those two, wanted to earn some money, I say. Just work, work, work . . . No nonsense, no mess in the rooms, nothing like that. Very respectable men those two.”
She paused, and Vasin used the pause to produce a photo of Marina and show it to Nastya.
“Ever seen this girl?” He asked. Nastya took the photo and studied it for some time. She was thinking hard, one could see that this good woman was not used to mental exercise and it was difficult for her. Then her face brightened up. “But that’s her! That’s the drowned girl! She looks different here, poor soul. But she’s alive here, isn’t she? And I think, where have I seen this face? I have a good memory for faces, I do! It’s her! The same nose, the same cheeks, the same chin . . . look!” And she pointed to the features on the photo, which reminded her of the drowned girl. “I remember this face,” she went on, “they showed a photo of the drowned girl on the telly just last month. And in the newspaper. It’s her all right!”
Vadim could see that the maid was right, he remembered the face of the dead girl, and now, when Nastya had pointed to certain features, he realised that it was the same girl. Yes, no doubt about it. Marina was dead. She had drowned. But how? That was not a question to ask Nastya. Vadim thanked the maid for her help and asked her to contact him if she remembered anything important.
He then went to the bar, to talk to the barman about the night when Marina had supposedly died. The barman was a middle-aged man, balding on top of his head, with the remainder of his hair tied back in a scrappy ponytail. He was bored as there were not many customers, and found it quite entertaining to talk to a policeman from Moscow CID.
“Oooooo! I’ve only read about the detectives from MCID! Something important has happened to bring one to our place. How can I help you?”
Vadim asked Boris, that was the barman’s name, about the drowned girl. “Did you ever see the girl,” was Vadim’s first question. “Did she ever come here at all? Or maybe you saw her somewhere else, alone or with a man?”
Boris couldn’t be sure about ever seeing the girl. “You know, there are so many people coming here every night! Crowds and crowds!  I usually just stop noticing anybody after an hour or so. Of course, if there’s something extraordinary happening, like a fight or a row, then I look and I remember. But it doesn’t happen too often. Most of the time it’s quiet and respectable. We don’t allow tarts here. Only the hotel customers and their guests. And then the photo of the dead girl in the newspaper, excuse me, but it’s not my favourite part of the newspaper page, and I only briefly looked at it, and, no, I didn’t recognise her, nothing clicked.”
Vadim showed him Marina’s photo. “Maybe this one clicks? Remember this girl?”
The barman looked at the photo with interest. “Pretty, high class, can see that at once. No, positive about this one. Haven’t seen her in the bar. Would have remembered if I had.” He didn’t make a connection between Marina and the dead girl, and Vadim thought that Nastya was a much more reliable witness. Though, it seemed that he could trust Boris about not seeing Marina – the barman would have remembered if the girl had been in the bar.
“Did you have any regulars during the season?” Vadim changed the subject, using leading questions to encourage Boris to think about the musicians. “Anybody you knew probably from the previous year? I believe some people come here again and again, and not always on a holiday?”
“Oh, you mean the guys from the band! Yes, they were regulars! I served them virtually every evening, after the concert was over. Some stayed late, after the bar was closed. Not all were hotel customers, but I knew them anyway. Good musicians they are, been coming  here for two years now. I liked listening to them. Especially to the young one, Eugeny. My God, he can sing!”
Vadim was on the right track now, and he just needed to encourage the eager barman to say more. “So you had regular customers? And they were musicians playing here, at this hotel? You must have known their girlfriends as well!”
The barman laughed. “Now, you want me to be indiscreet! Not that I mind! You are the Police after all.” He thought for a minute. “You know what, now, when I think about it, I can’t remember a lot of girlfriends with Eugeny. Very handsome he is, I mean for the girls, attractive I suppose. But not many girls, no.” He thought for another minute. “There were a couple, nothing outstanding, if you ask my opinion. And he changed them frequently, didn’t stick with one. He was usually with his friend, the older guy, their leader. That one’s married . . . brought his family last year. So the two usually sat together and had something to drink and eat – always tipped well! Good men, generous, good to talk to.”
“Do you remember the night before the drowned girl was found?” Vadim asked again. “Maybe something that went on different? Maybe you saw a stranger in the bar or nearby? Anything at all?”
But the barman couldn’t remember anything of interest, and Vadim left, asking him to phone if anything relevant cropped up. Vadim spend some more time in the hotel, asking the staff if they had seen or heard anything of interest around the time the girl was found, and came up with nothing. Neither had any of the staff seen Marina. Nobody else had made a connection between her and a drowned girl, and Vadim appreciated again the eagle-eyed maid, Nastya.
Vadim needed to make a call to Major Barsukov, and he decided to ask the administrator’s permission to use the phone in her office. He settled at the table and dialled the number. Barsukov answered after the first ring, he was probably expecting the call. The lieutenant reported the news that the drowned girl certainly seemed to be Marina, although he only had one witness.
“There doesn’t seem to be any connection between Marina and Eugeny,” he told the Major. “Lots of people remember both him and Felix, but none so far has remembered seeing the girl. There was a similar case last year, a drowned girl, no documents, and the body found months after she had died. Most of the staff at the hotel think that both girls were killed by a maniac.” Vadim told about his plans for the next day and when these were approved, he said good bye and hung up.
That’s it for today! Finally! There was still time to go to the beach. Vadim’s hotel was situated nearby, a decent and comfortable little place and just a ten minute walk to the beach. It was nothing compared to the fine hotel where he had spent the day, which was nicknamed ‘The Palace’. In comparison to his humble hotel it was like a palace! But Vadim liked his hotel – a real luxury for the young man.
It was the first hotel that he had stayed in since he was a child, when he had travelled with his parents to Leningrad. They stayed in a crowded inn near the railway station, where little Vadim and his father slept in a room that they shared with eight men. Some of them snored mercilessly, and the boy couldn’t sleep the whole night. Besides, there were cockroaches in the toilet, and Vadim was afraid to use it. There was, of course, only cold water, and he had to wash and clean his teeth shivering with cold. So that hotel hadn’t left good impression on Vadim. Now, when he found himself in a single room with a soft bed, and a big window that faced the promenade, it was like a dream come true.
Vadim Vasin changed into the swimming trunks and put on a new light shirt – both items bought the previous day in Leningrad especially for this occasion. His trousers though, were not very fresh and a little too warm for a place like Sochi, but these were the only trousers he had, so there was not much choice. Having completed his transformation into a happy ‘beach-boy’, Vadim left the hotel and walked down the promenade to the shore.
The vast sea lay before him stretching to the horizon, and yet so close! It was a bright golden colour, as the sun was low and reflected in the water. Even as Vadim was looking, the sun was turning deep red, casting more colour on the water, dipping lower and lower as if dissolving in the sea. Is it making the water warmer? Vadim smiled as he walked slowly to the surf, meeting the low waves that rumbled and splashed on the pebbles. The smooth round pebbles rolled lazily to and fro. He went very close to the water and crouched to reach the incoming waves. The froth gently touched his fingers, and the wave withdrew as if beckoning Vadim to follow. He took off his shoes and socks. The rocks were warm but not nice to stand on! They were painful on his bare feet, as Vadim jumped from one foot to the other whilst taking off his trousers. The shirt followed, and now, wearing only his swimming trunks he was ready to meet the sea for the first time.
The water was warm – the sun had done its job – and the swell so powerful! Vadim couldn’t have imagined how strong the waves were. They pushed him about and made it difficult to progress out into the sea. But when he reached the deeper water, the waves started pulling him away from the shore. He was a good swimmer in a swimming pool but here the water was alive, it lived by its own laws. Suddenly Vadim realised that he was being dragged out to sea. He struggled to get closer to the shore, but the sea carried him away farther and farther away. The beach was empty, there was no one to call for help.
Vadim resisted panic and concentrated on breathing deeply. He swam with the wave when it pushed its way to the shore, and then just floated as it went back. He soon got into the back and forth rhythmic pattern, and with every coming wave he got closer and closer to the pebbly beach. Soon the sea was shallow enough for him to stand up. Thank God!
Vadim walked slowly up the beach, feeling worn out and tasting the bitter salt water in his mouth. He lay down on the pebbles that were rattling and rolling around him, and watched the sea.  It had turned red as the sun apparently dipped inside. The sea was very warm and seemed so welcoming, but how very dangerous! It was so easy to be carried away far from the shore and be unable to swim back. Was it possible that the girls may have drowned this way? That the sea was just too strong for them? No, the girls hadn’t gone for a swim. They were still wearing their clothes when they drowned, and nobody goes swimming fully dressed!
It was getting darker rapidly, the Southern night was quick to take over. As soon as the sun was gone, the sky turned black, punctuated with bright stars. Only in the west, where the sun had set, was the sky transparent like deep blue glass. The stars were much brighter than in the city, where Vadim hardly ever bothered looking up at the sky. There he was lying on his back, gazing at the stars like a carefree boy, with nothing in the world to bother about.
Vadim spent the rest of the evening exploring the cafes and restaurants along the beach. He showed Marina’s photo to the barmen and waiters, talked to the hotel managers, asked questions about the drowned girls. But nobody had seen Marina. And nobody could remember anything suspicious about the previous year, when the other girl had been found.
Vadim returned to his room late in the evening and went to bed at once. That night his dreams were pleasant and easy: he was swimming in dark water, trying to catch the bright golden stars, which were floating around. He was laughing happily, and his body was completely buoyant and unsinkable. Next morning came with the heat, as Vadim had left the window undraped and the merciless yellow sun was pouring into the small room, making it feel like an oven. Hot and sweaty, Vadim tossed the duvet off.  Only six in the morning. Never mind, Vadim was full of enthusiasm. An early rise will make me a wise man! He had a shower and dressed and went out to have a coffee in a street café.
He arrived at the local Police office to look at the evidence relating to Marina. The suitcase, which had been found unclaimed in the left luggage department at the coach station, didn’t contain anything interesting. Ordinary things a girl would take to the South: clothes, underwear, summer shoes, bathing suits, etc. The only thing that could provide any interest was a blond wig, which had been laid on the top of the other things, as if tossed into the suitcase at the last moment before closing it. There were a few darker hairs on the inside, and dry white patches that could be traces of sweat, as if the wig had been worn in hot weather.
The wig complicated things. It was clear that Marina must have worn it as a disguise, which made it virtually impossible to find anyone who would recognise her from the photo. But there was nothing in the suitcase that definitely linked it to Marina, not until the clothes were identified by her parents.
Next stop was the morgue – the lieutenant dreaded going there and tried to postpone it as much as possible. Unfortunately, it had to be done, either to confirm the identity of the drowned girl as Marina, or not. He asked his colleague to take him to the morgue and to help with the procedure. The dead girl didn’t look like Marina in the photo, but the more Vadim looked at her face, the more convinced he was that it was Marina. He spotted a light brown mole on the girl’s neck, just above the collarbone, the same as in Marina’s photo. One of the front teeth on the photograph was slightly overlapping the second one, making Marina’s smile very natural and charming. The girl on the table had the same features on her front teeth.
It was hard to know for sure, but Vasin understood that he had to act upon the apparent facts.  Also, the colleague from the local Police was totally convinced that the girl’s body was that of Marina. Vadim had to accept the unpleasant truth, and would have to report it to Major Barsukov, as soon as possible. So, Marina had travelled to Sochi and had died there. Those were the facts. The questions remained, why had she travelled there, and how did she die?  Did she come to Sochi to meet Eugeny? And if she did, how did she finish up in the sea?
Vadim couldn’t provide answers to these questions, but he would have to talk to the major and report the facts. Vadim left the morgue with relief and returned to the Police headquarters, where he made a phone call to his boss. Barsukov answered the phone and was eager to hear the news.
After Vadim had made his detailed report, the major was silent for a moment and then sighed sadly. “Well, that’s what we thought it might be, isn’t it? I’ll have to tell her parents. You must supervise the return of the body to Moscow, I’ll call and make the arrangements with the locals. So you didn’t sniff anything lousy in this case, er? You believe it’s an accident?”
“It looks like an accident . . . I think,” Vadim was almost certain it was, but he had some doubts.
“But what?” Major Barsukov picked up Vadim’s hesitation. “You are not 100% sure? Why?”
“I don’t know,” admitted Vadim. “I just sense some foul play, because there was the same case last year, I suppose. I don’t believe in coincidence.”
Barsukov remained silent for some time, apparently thinking it over. “All right,” he finally came back. “Dig for it a little more. I give you two more days, ask around, try to find out about the girl last year. Work with taxi drivers, they usually notice things. And concentrate on the unbeaten routes, visit the places that were probably left out of the so called investigation. I expect you back in Moscow on Saturday. See you then. And don’t drink too much red wine!” With that the Major hung up with a final chuckle.
Vadim decided to start with the taxi drivers. The suitcase, which he believed belonged to Marina, was found at the coach station. Maybe the girl had arrived at the coach station and went on from there? If she took a taxi from the station, the driver might remember her.
He took a hot and smelly bus to the coach station, which was a slow and unpleasant journey. There was a line of taxis waiting outside. Vadim went from car to car, showing first his ID and then Marina’s photo. He asked every driver if he had driven the girl on the night in question and heard ‘No’ from everyone. Until the tenth car, where the driver took the photo for closer look and then nodded.  “Yes, I remember her,” he said to Vadim, who couldn’t believe his fortune. “I drove her to the town, she was going to the Palace.”
“Did you notice anything about the girl,” asked Vadim, “anything at all? Was she happy or maybe frightened?”
“She was excited, and she was looking forward to meeting someone,” answered the dark-moustachioed driver. “She was happy, anticipating something pleasant from that meeting. She laughed when I made a joke. A nice girl. She had a big red handbag,” he suddenly added. “I noticed the bag first, and then I paid attention to the girl. The bag was very unusual, I thought my fiancée would like one like that.”
“Did you happen to see where she went?” Vadim was very excited, finally there was someone, who could help with the investigation.
“I parked by the hotel, there’s a taxi line there, so I waited for a passenger, and I saw the girl go in . . .”
“You mean, into the hotel? You saw her enter the hotel?” Vadim could hardly wait to get the answer.
The driver though was not in a hurry. “As I say, I saw her go in, but in five minutes she came out! I thought then, that was fast! She came out with a man, but don’t ask me about him,” the driver anticipated Vadim’s next question. “I wasn’t looking at him. Besides, my passenger got into the car, and I drove off. I only saw him for a moment.”
“Don’t you remember anything at all? Was he young?” Vasin was desperate to get some information about Marina’s companion.
“No, I’m sorry, I didn’t look at him. You know, when I think back, I am not even sure if the girl was actually with that man. You know what I mean. I had that impression, as he was walking close after her, but he could have been unrelated to her.”
Vasin thought, People like this taxi driver make very good witnesses, they remember the details and they don’t say anything unless they are sure. No making up stories, no exaggeration, all precise and accurate information. He wished the driver remembered more about the man.
Vadim thanked the taxi driver and left. So Marina went into the hotel to meet someone. Could it be Eugeny? But he had an alibi, he was sitting in the bar with his friend Felix and the two girls. The barman saw them. But supposing he wasn’t in the bar all the time? What if he left for some time and then came back? Would he have time to go to the beach, drown Marina and return, so that nobody would notice his absence? But why would he want to kill Marina? There was no logical explanation to that. And yet, Vadim Vasin had this gut-feeling, which some would call intuition. It was Vadim’s first case, and he hadn’t learned to trust his intuition yet.
Vadim returned to his hotel, changed and went to the beach. He felt tired but exhilarated after finding the taxi driver. He felt that he deserved some rest by the sea. There were more people at the beach today, some were swimming, some were laying on the beach-beds and sunbathing. I must come here for a holiday, he thought. I’ll earn some money and come here on a long holiday, maybe for two weeks. The idea of a two-week holiday was very appealing, the question was, how to earn enough money? Certainly not with a Policeman’s salary! I’ll be working a double shift, was the last thing Vasin thought before he drifted into sleep.
Sleeping in the sun is not very healthy, especially if your skin is pale and unused to the UV radiation. Vadim felt the consequences in about an hour after he woke up on his beach-bed by the sea. He went to the hotel to change and to go out for a meal, and after having a shower, he looked at himself in the mirror. Oh, my God! What’s that? He was looking at a creature the colour of a freshly cooked lobster. His face was all blotched and swollen, the eyes barely showed through narrow slits, the lips were the size of two small balloons. This horrible creature had white skin on the back side of its body, which made it two toned and even more hideous. It’s because I slept on my back, thought Vadim. With such a face there was no question of going out in the evening, and Vadim consoled himself with a bottle of beer, which he had bought in the day and put in the fridge. He made a cheese sandwich, made with ingredients found in the same fridge. After that there was nothing left to do, just go to bed.
The next day was less successful, and Vadim didn’t move ahead in his investigation. He went back to the hotel where the taxi driver had taken Marina. Boris, the barman, was on duty and he greeted Vadim cheerfully. But he wasn’t of any help, as he couldn’t remember any girl with a red bag entering the bar or talking to a dark-haired man.
“She didn’t necessarily go to the bar,” Boris speculated. “She could have met someone in the vestibule, someone might have even waited for her there. They could have arranged to meet anywhere in the hotel.”
Vadim next spoke to the receptionist who was on duty that evening, but the woman wasn’t of much help either. She remembered the evening before the drowned girl was found. “We were not too busy,” she said. “Usual thing, people coming and going, I wasn’t looking at them.” But the woman was positive that there wasn’t a man waiting in the vestibule, and there was no dark-haired well dressed girl with a red handbag.  If the taxi driver was right, Marina didn’t have enough time to meet with someone in a hotel room, Vadim thought.
He had made so much progress, but was now a bit frustrated. He told the colleagues from the local Police about the taxi driver, and they promised that they would try and find the man who was seen with Marina, though Vadim didn’t have much hope. He also checked that Marina’s body was sent to Moscow. There was nothing else Vadim could do in Sochi. He had done well for an inexperienced detective in such a short time. Vadim was content with his work and happy after spending some time by the Black Sea. He considered himself to be a very fortunate man.


~***~


Chapter 27
March 1992, St Petersburg, Komarovo
Vadim Vasin

24th March
Major Vasin remembered the old, high and somewhat gloomy block of apartments where the Kaplans’ and the Krassilnikovs’ families lived. He decided to take a walk from the railway station, as the morning was sunny and mild, and he needed to think of how to handle the conversation with the members of the Krassilnikov-Kaplan clan. The walk didn’t last long enough to devise a good plan, so Vadim decided to ‘play-it-by-ear’.
Turning the corner of the block he slowed down. Vadim remembered his first case, when he had come to Leningrad to investigate the girl’s disappearance, as if it was yesterday. His imagination played tricks on him. In his mind he pictured the woman in the wheelchair, the image so vivid that he felt again the long forgotten excitement of a young rookie, his heart beat faster and his mouth dry, in anticipation of a new exciting case.
In reality there was no wheelchair by the entrance. There was not a soul nearby, which was understandable considering the early hour of the morning and the changeable March weather. Vadim opened the front door and entered the welcome warm shelter of the building. The entrance hallway was fresh and full of light, unlike his Gran’s which was smelly and dimly lit. They definitely do not economise on the light bulbs here, he thought. Vadim pressed the button and the lift came down silently. Going up Vadim was impressed at how quiet it was. No comparison with my granny’s old squeaking lift. Though, that noisy lift proved to be useful for the investigation!
The doors quietly slid apart, and Vadim stepped on the landing. There were only two doors, just as he had remembered, one the Krassilnikovs’ apartment and one of the Kaplans’. Right, they were neighbours and friends, weren’t they? Did it mean they were covering for each other? And was there anything to cover for? Vadim pressed the doorbell button on the door of what he remembered was the Krassilnikovs’ apartment. He could hear the chime of the bell sounding somewhere inside. Nobody answered, and Vadim pressed again. Still no answer. He moved to the other door and repeated the procedure with the same result: no answer.
That’s strange, the old woman should be home in the early hours of the morning. Then Vadim  realised that he didn’t even know if the old woman was alive! She was middle-aged when I first met her, so she must be in her late eighties – that is if she’s alive. She might not even be alive. What a disappointment! But the disabled woman should be around, Vadim thought. She can’t have gone very far away on her own. Maybe she was taken to see a doctor and would be back home soon. Vadim decided to wait by the door.
He waited for an hour, but there was no sign of anyone on the landing. Getting more and more frustrated Vadim walked downstairs. There was no point waiting any longer; the women could be anywhere and might not be coming home until late.  It might be time to visit the operetta and try to find Kira Krassilnikova there. They usually have rehearsals in the morning, as far as I can remember. Thinking about it brought back the memories of Gran Tanya and the happy days of his childhood, when Vadim was a frequent visitor of the theatre and the backstage area. He liked the rehearsals even better than the performances, enjoying the process of actors creating the characters. During the actual performance, on the stage, the characters became alive and took over. As a little boy Vadim was fascinated by this transformation, and often asked his granny what happened to the real actors when the heroes of the play took over. He remembered his gran answering, “They are left behind the stage, in the dressing rooms.”
And Vadim sometimes crept to the deserted dressing rooms to see if the actors’ bodies were there, left hanging on the back of the chairs like rag dolls. The dimly lit and empty rooms spooked him more than any scary fairytale could have done; his imagination created shadowy creatures hiding in the corners and making strange whispering sounds. Those were the happiest days of my life, but I didn’t know it then. We never do until the happiness is gone. That’s why we can’t remember the happy times without feeling sad at the same time. But that’s the beauty of it. Vadim knew, though it was hard to believe at the moment, that the nagging pain in his heart would go with time, and he would only remember the wonderful moments of the past, when his Granny was with him.
I must find the bastard who did it, who killed my helpless old gran in cold blood. It’s my professional duty, but it’s also my personal quest. I’ll have no rest until he is arrested. Only then could I mourn my Granny and let her rest in peace. Having made that promise to himself, Vadim wiped his eyes and made his way to the trolleybus stop. The operetta building wasn’t far, but it was getting colder, the north wind was blowing, and the first snow flakes started to fall. It was much wiser to go by public transport, even though Vadim would normally prefer to walk.
Vadim took a trolleybus to the Operetta, and soon was entering the famous foyer. There were lots of posters on the walls, those of the current performances as well as the old ones. The leading parts in most of the musicals were played by Kira Krassilnikova. Vadim also found Kira’s photograph in the gallery of the actors’ portraits, situated on the other wall. He stood there looking into the woman’s beautiful eyes as if trying to find in them the answer to his questions.
He was startled by the sound of coughing behind him. Turning back abruptly, he saw a middle-aged man in a red and black checked shirt and dark-blue trousers. The man looked at Vadim through a pair of old-fashioned glasses, with the friendly and inquisitive look of a well behaved old dog that had never learnt that it was his duty to bark at the strangers, rather than play with them.
“Stunning, isn’t she?” the ‘Old Dog’ smiled, looking at Kira’s picture. “And such a talent! Hard working as well. She grew up here. Started as a young girl in chorus. I always knew she would be the number One. I’ve worked here since I was seventeen, you know. The stage-worker, they called me, but I was more than that, oh yes, I was. You ask anyone here, they will tell you. Not a single performance done without Kolya’s help. It’s me, Kolya.”
“Vadim,” they shook hands. Kolya was definitely eager to talk, and now it was Vadim’s task to coax him into talking about important things.
“So, you knew she would be famous one day . . . didn’t you?” It was necessary to keep Kolya on the track. 
“You bet, I did! I always said, you watch and see, this girl has got the talent! Some people didn’t think so though, can you believe it? They said the other one would be the favourite. You know, the other girl, Vlada. She was good too. But if you ask me, I would say, she was too arrogant, and too bad-natured to achieve anything good. Always plotting, always scheming behind the backs of the other girls. She wasted her time, trying to split Kira with her fiancé. Everybody knew that, it was obvious! Kira and Zhenya, they loved each other! Only a fool like Vlada would think of getting into the man’s bed. But there you are, that’s our Vlada!”
“Vlada who?” Vadim had heard a new name in connection with the Krassilnikovs and his professionalism made him react. He turned to the display of the portraits on the wall, trying to find the name under the photo.
Kolya noticed Vadim’s confusion, “Ah, that’s it! Her photo isn’t even here! And ask anybody, how many people remember her now? But at that time she thought so much of herself. And then, you won’t believe it, she just disappeared! Never came back from the tour. The Chief was mad at her. Disappearing at the beginning of the season, not telling anything to anyone. But that was Vlada, never caring about the others, always pursuing her own aims.”
It was obvious to Vadim that the man just wanted to talk, to share with a stranger private information about all the stars past and present. Vadim took his notebook and a pen out of his pocket, and wrote down the name Vlada, followed by a question mark. “I’m here to collect material for my book,” he said, answering the unasked question as he noticed Kolya staring at the notebook. “I’m writing a book about the Leningrad Operetta and about the talented actors and actresses. I’m interested in simple, human stories, you know – love, hatred, jealousy, rivalry, success – that sort of things. You could be my personal adviser, how would you like that? Tell me all the local gossip, all the closet secrets!”
Vadim smiled and made his voice sound casual, but he was very tense inside, what if Kolya refused and then showed some elementary caution? Asked for some ID?  Kolya didn’t. He was very happy to act as a ‘personal adviser’ for a writer, and he never doubted the reality of the procedure. In twenty minutes the two men were sitting comfortably in Kolya’s little room behind the stage, cups of tea and dry bagels on the table, and Kolya talking eagerly. Vadim was extremely lucky with this source of information. Kolya, who had worked in the theatre most of his life, knew a lot of hidden facts about most of the operetta staff. What was even more important, he was eager to share this with the ‘writer’, and he was intelligent and articulate enough to communicate productively. Vadim just needed to ask a question every now and then, to bring his storyteller back on track.
In a couple of hours Vadim had heard all imaginable and unimaginable stories about the director, producer, managers, musicians, and, of course, the actors of the operetta. Kolya turned out to be a good storyteller, though it was hard to say if he was very truthful. There was no performance or rehearsal that day, as the staff were on a leave after a tour, so the two men could talk without being interrupted.
They mostly talked about Kira, Kolya praising her for her talent and diligence. He was also quite fond of Kira’s family, especially her father Felix and grandmother Eleonora. “What a talent! You should have heard her sing those romances,” Kolya turned out to be Eleonora’s greatest admirer. “She and her son, Felix, would perform together sometimes. He’s a musician, as you know, so was his father. No wonder Kira is so talented!”
“What about Kira’s husband?” Vadim managed to steer him back on track. “He is a musician as well, isn’t he?”
“He is, and a very good one! They are meant for each other. Such a lovely couple, and they have a nice little daughter, too. You probably heard some rumours about Kira and this young man, Slava Kot, but believe me, there’s nothing between them. They are just friends and companions, that’s all. They are leading in most performances now. They starred on the tour in Moscow, so I’ve heard. Unfortunately, the young man is leaving us.”
“Leaving?” Vadim didn’t know who they were talking about, the name Slava Kot was not familiar, but he sensed it could be important in connection with Moscow tour.
“Yes, he’s staying in Moscow. Actually, he’s got his own little theatre now. That’s all I’ve heard, you know, it might be just rumours. The young man is incredibly talented, he was a real star here, in our Operetta. No wonder he and Kira did so well with each other.”
“So Kira and Slava Kot were the ones who starred in Moscow on the tour? What about Kira’s husband? Didn’t he go on a tour with his wife?” Vadim sounded as casual as he could, but his heart was pounding hard in his chest. 
Kolya was quick to reply. “Eugeny? No, he never goes on tours with the operetta. He’s a musician, but not operetta staff. He plays in his father-in-law’s philharmonic orchestra, Felix Kaplan’s. The two men have made the orchestra famous.”
What Kolya had just said coincided with the information Vadim managed to collect from the theatre in Moscow: Kira’s husband was not on the operetta tour, and wasn’t with Kira when she visited Gran Tanya on the day before her murder. It must have been another man who accompanied Kira on her visit and who posed as her husband. It could be Slava Kot. I need to find the man in Moscow and talk to him.
“So Slava Kot has opened his own theatre in Moscow? Isn’t that thrilling?” Vadim did his best to sound as interested as possible. “What kind of a theatre is it? And how did he cope with the expenses?”
But Kolya couldn’t help much. All he knew was that Slava had a new project, which had been sponsored by some ‘important people’. And that Slava was going to select the actors for his project from the young talented people in Moscow colleges.
Kira was priority number one now. Did Kolya have any information about her whereabouts? Vadim was writing a lot in his notebook, and his question about Kira sounded natural enough. “What about Kira? Has she come back from the tour? Is she in St Petersburg by any chance?”
“Oh, I think she’s taken a short leave to spend some time with her daughter. She’s definitely come back, but I wouldn’t be surprised if she’s taken the girl on a holiday. They go to Latvia a lot these days. Kira’s got this friend of hers, Moris, and he’s a Latvian, as you know. There are rumours about these two, but I can’t tell you if there’s anything behind them. Kira is not that kind of a woman, who would cheat on her husband behind his back. She and Eugeny are very fond of each other, you know, genuinely fond, not just for the public. They are real friends, which is probably even more important than what people call ‘love’. So Latvia, in my understanding, is just a retreat for a busy woman, somewhere to go to spend time with her child, undisturbed.”
That was a disappointment. If Kira had left for Latvia, Vadim would have to wait for her return. And how long was she going to be away? Vadim decided to try another line of investigation. “How is Eleonora doing these days? You’ve mentioned her before. Is she OK? She must be quite old?”
“Old is not what we say about the women like Eleonora!” Kolya seemed appalled by Vadim’s deliberate blunder. “These women have no age. They are above age. They stay gorgeous all their lives. As for Eleonora, well, she’s been a bit poorly recently. Felix has taken her to the country. I think she lived in Komarovo all the winter.”
“She’s in Komarovo on her own?” Vadim sounded naturally concerned. “Is there anyone helping her around the house? It’s country house after all, less convenient than a city apartment.”
“Their dacha in Komarovo has all modern conveniences. It’s a very nice place to be in, at any time of the year. As for being on her own, Eleonora has a company. Svetlana, Felix’s wife is there with her. The two women have an assistant, Svetlana’s carer. And Eleonora is quite fit, as far as I’ve heard. And of course Felix or Eugeny visit them every day, so they say. Believe me, it’s far better for the ladies to stay in the country than in their city apartment.”
Vadim now had to find out where exactly the dacha was situated, but Kolya, though he had been there many times, didn’t know the exact address. However, his description of the place was very graphic and gave Vadim a lot of clues about its location.
Vadim decided to go to Komarovo immediately. The day had turned out to be cold, and the snow was falling in a heavy veil, hiding the buildings and the cars, even concealing the sounds of the busy midday city around him. Not feeling like walking and getting his hair wet, Vadim hired a taxi to the station, from where he intended to take an electric train to Komarovo. Electric (‘local’) trains ran between the cities and small towns and villages, and they were also a very convenient facility for those dacha-owners without cars.
A good thing about the electric trains was that they ran every half-hour, so there was only a short wait. The next train arrived in just ten minutes, and Vadim eagerly climbed up the frozen steps of the front carriage. He immediately became aware of the downside of using these trains in winter – there was no heating. Or rather, there were heaters, but they were not working. The inside of the carriage was as cold as the outside. A few of the people who boarded with him were wearing heavy overcoats with hats, some cosying their faces with warm scarves. Vadim for some reason didn’t anticipate that St Petersburg would be so cold. After all, the city was so close to the sea that it should be milder! The worst Vadim was expecting was rain and wind, so he was dressed accordingly in a raincoat. He wasn’t wearing any hat or scarf, and now the chilly damp air was bearing down upon him, like a cold wet blanket.
The benches in the train carriages were all moist, and Vadim cautiously placed himself near the aisle, hoping to keep away from the draughty window. The train was about to depart, when two women entered the carriage, carrying heavy canvas bags. They didn’t sit down, but instead started moving along the gangway, talking to the passengers. Vadim soon realised that the women were selling something from their bags, and the trade was very successful. The ‘canvasbaggers’ were offering something really wonderful to the frozen passengers: hotdogs and meat pies from the station canteen. Not the most sophisticated food, but it was warm, and thus, very much welcome. Besides, the traders were carrying large flasks of hot tea and coffee, which they poured into plastic cups provided.
Marvelling at the ‘businesslike’ approach of the women, Vadim bought two pies and a hotdog and asked for two cups of tea. The food turned out to be unexpectedly good, and his body gratefully responded to the warmth of the drink. Life seemed brighter with full stomach and warm hands!
At the next stop the traders left, but others took their place. Two elderly men offered something more substantial than tea or coffee. With their appearance, some of the male passengers became more excited, taking out their wallets and moving closer to the aisle. This time the canvas bags contained bottles of vodka, which was sold as a shot in a small plastic cup – enough to feel warm, but not big enough to get drunk. The drink could be followed by a sandwich made of rye bread with a piece of pickled cucumber, which was also provided by the vodka vendors.
Vadim refused the spirit, but it was some time since he had eaten the pies and hotdog, so he later welcomed a third group of the ‘canvasbaggers’, who offered hot boiled potatoes and noodle soup in tall plastic cups. After he had eaten this lunch, Vadim felt much warmer and altogether happier. He admired these people; some of them had been made redundant, or had lost their job due to some other reason, some were paid so badly that they needed to supplement their wages.  But they didn’t give up. In very hard economical conditions, when the country was in chaos, these men and women found ways of making their living – and not by stealing or begging, but by providing a service for the others.
The train was becoming full now, with people getting on at every stop, and the air in the carriage was steaming with the breath of dozens of passengers and the evaporation from their wet clothes. By the time Vadim arrived at the station in Komarovo, he was half dozing in the warm sauna-like environment. Feeling reluctant to move, he climbed down the steep steps to the snow covered platform of the station. The snow was falling heavily now, but it was wet, and slushy, ready to melt and turn the ground into squishy muddy mess. Vadim walked along the street towards the sea, following the directions he acquired from Kolya, which turned out to be very useful. A strong wind was blowing, changing direction every now and then. Vadim had given up his attempts to hide his face from the wet snow that plastered his eyes and mouth, melting on his skin, leaving it damp and cold. Luckily, his destination was not too far, and soon Vadim was following the narrow lane flanked by the old pines, overlooking the grey unfriendly sea. The waves licked away the snow from the sand, and the surf looked darker than the rest of the beach.
The house stood near the sea, but not too close to be in danger of flooding. Vadim noticed several big rocks on the border of the wide gravel drive and the sand, where the beach actually began. That was the feature pointed at by Kolya in his detailed description of the house. Yes, Vadim thought, the rocks were certainly impossible to overlook. Wooden planks were built to form a narrow boardwalk across the sand, connecting the seafront with the drive near the house. At the far end of the boardwalk, close enough to the sea to be splashed by the water, was a figure in a wheelchair.
Svetlana! It must be her. Vadim walked briskly along the wooden planks, which flexed under his weight, feeling springy and somewhat unstable, and he hoped that the board walk was secure enough to walk on. The wet wood felt slippery with the build-up of slushy sleet, and Vadim had to steady himself a couple of times. How did the disabled woman get there on her own? he wondered. Or perhaps the carer took her to the seafront to have some fresh air and is going to collect her later? The second variant seemed unlikely, as what carer would risk her patient’s safety by leaving her so close to the rough sea? Svetlana must have made it all the way to the surf, alone. But why? And where was the carer? And also, where was Eleonora?
Intrigued with these and many other questions, Vadim approached the slumped figure in the chair, so heavily covered with wet snow, that it was hard to make out the contours of a human figure. Being careful not to startle the woman, he spoke in a loud but calm voice.
“Svetlana, are you all right? Do you need any help?”
The woman remained motionless for a long while, and Vadim was going to address her again, when she finally shook her head slightly, which seemed to mean, No. Some snow fell off her head, and Vadim noticed that Svetlana was bareheaded, her hair hanging down her face like wet strings.
“You must be cold,” Vadim tried again, “You shouldn’t be sitting here, let me take you home.”
Gripping the handles he pulled the chair backwards, sweeping it away from the sea. Svetlana looked up reluctantly, no recognition on her face, but no fear either. Vadim was startled by the changes in her face that had developed since their last meeting. She not only looked much older, which would be understandable after so many years since their last meeting. Back in the autumn of 1968, she was a lively woman, enjoying whatever small joys life gave her, eager to talk and to smile – she made an impression of a happy, content person. Now, her face was a lifeless mask, her eyes circled with dark puffy flesh, lacking any spirit at all. It was the face of an insane woman. Vadim involuntarily took a step back and nearly fell, slipping on the slushy surface. She must be mad, he thought. She has gone mad and escaped. She doesn’t know where she is or what she is doing. What shall I do? Should I take her home? Or go seek help? What if she drives herself in the sea and drowns?
Vadim was frantically thinking about how to cope with the mad woman, when she spoke. The voice was barely audible, but it sounded absolutely normal. Vadim sighed with relief, and bent closer to hear what she was saying.
“Who are you . . .? Do I know you . . .? What do you want . . .?” The questions sounded natural for a person in her position.
Vadim spoke quickly, trying to reassure the woman, but still having doubts about her sanity. “I’m Vadim Vasin, you might not remember me. I came to see you a long time ago . . . I’m from Moscow, a policeman. Do you remember, I came to ask you questions about a missing girl? Now I have come to ask you questions about another person . . .”
He didn’t have a chance to finish his statement, as Svetlana’s expression changed, her eyes suddenly full of fire, and she spoke quickly, interrupting Vadim. “I knew you would come. I knew they wouldn’t get away with it. They hid her in the cellar, of all the places! Imagine living in the house where there’s a dead body hidden in the basement . . .! No wonder the old witch has become ill. They don’t know that I know. They think I’m crazy!” She uttered a shrill laugh, and Vadim again had very serious doubts whether the woman was in her right mind. What body was she talking about? The girl he had come to talk to her about in 1968 died in Sochi, drowned in the sea. The woman was completely confused.
Svetlana continued speaking fast, as if afraid that she might be interrupted. “She was a nasty person . . . she was a very, very bad person. In fact, we all hated her. Well, perhaps Kira didn’t, but Kira is a saint, you know, she’s an unearthly girl, an elf. But Felix did, he hated the dreadful woman, and of course Eugeny did. Oh, that one . . .” she laughed again throwing back her head, dislodging a whole heap of wet snow.
What a pity, Vadim thought, trying not to look into the woman’s eyes, I can’t interrogate her . . . I can’t trust a word she says . . . she’s completely crazy, poor woman.
Vadim decided he had had enough. “I’ll take you home. We can talk there, you will tell me everything about the body, all right? It’s too cold, and you are soaked to the skin.” He started pushing the chair towards the cottage.
“No!” Svetlana cried out in a shrill voice of pure agony. “Don’t! I don’t want to go back! They’ll kill me as well, and bury me in the cellar too! Listen, you are a policeman, right? Go, check the basement, and then come back for me. I’ll wait for you here.”
Vadim continued pushing the chair, not paying attention to her loud protests. When he was half way to the house, he saw a figure, hurriedly moving in their direction. It was the carer, and she cried out addressing Svetlana, “You shouldn’t have left on your own, can’t you realise it’s dangerous out there? Haven’t I asked you to stay downstairs while I was attending to Eleonora? Really Svetlana, you’re just being very difficult.” The carer was definitely upset and agitated about Svetlana’s misbehaviour. Vadim could understand her anxiety: if something bad happened, who would be the one to be blamed? Still he was annoyed with her unprofessional behaviour, and went on pushing the chair, ignoring her attempts to get hold of it.
“Who are you?” the carer finally asked. “Why are you interfering with my patient?”
Vadim stopped and produced his ID. “I’m a senor police officer and I’m investigating a crime. Your patient is a possible witness in the investigation. I found her in a hazardous situation, close to the water front. She is showing the signs of delusion and depression. This patient is supposed to be in your care, isn’t she?”
The carer’s face paled, “ Investigating a crime? Oh my God . . . You know, I only left Svetlana for ten minutes. I had to attend to the old lady, Eleonora. It’s not my responsibility, I’m just doing a favour . . . She’s been unwell recently, the old lady. Whereas my patient... well, you can see she’s not quite with it. Some days she is worse than the others, it must be the changing weather, she is very much weather sensitive. Sometimes I can’t deal with her at all! Talking gibberish all the time. It’s actually my day off, I stayed to help Eleonora. I was waiting for anyone from the family to arrive, so I could go to the town . . .”
The carer kept talking, even though she was nearly running to keep up with Vadim, who was pushing the wheelchair fast along the slushy path. The carer was clearly scared that the policeman would complain to her employers about neglect of her patient. Vadim had no intentions to harm the carer, he was just displeased at not being able to talk to Svetlana. To make things even worse, it seemed that it would be impossible to interrogate the old lady either.
“What’s the matter with Eleonora?” he asked the carer without slowing down. “Why did you have to attend to her?”
“She had a minor heart attack some months ago. I wasn’t working with them at that time. I was only employed here last month. The previous carer died. She had been with them for years, and Svetlana liked her. She doesn’t like me though, she always tries to upset me, to blame things on me. I don’t think I’ll stay with them for long.”
They reached the house, and Vadim wheeled the chair into the entrance hall.  It was a spacious room with the stairs leading to the upper floor. There was also a stair lift, with a chair to sit in, and a control switch on the armrest. It must have been introduced for the disabled woman to access the upper floor. Vadim marvelled at this useful device, which made Svetlana’s life a lot easier.
The carer took over the wheelchair and pushed it to the stairs, where she skilfully moved Svetlana to the stair lift and pressed the button. Vadim watched Svetlana being carried up, her face obscured by her wet hair, her whole figure hunched unhappily. “I’ll take care of her,” the carer called from the stairs. “She needs her clothes changed. She’ll be all right, don’t you worry.”
The stair lift reached the upper floor, where the disabled woman was moved into another wheelchair. Vadim was amazed at how well organised Svetlana’s life was. He wondered if it was worth waiting to try and talk to her again. It was also necessary to see Eleonora, and Vadim made up his mind. He went upstairs slowly, trying not to make a lot of noise. The landing on the upper floor was narrow and gave access to four rooms. The nurse had taken Svetlana into her bedroom, but Vadim was unsure where to look for Eleonora. He tried the middle door, which opened into a room that appeared to be dark. More success with the next door – the dimly lit room was the one Vadim was looking for. Eleonora was half seated in the bed, her complexion as pale as the pillows under her head, her eyes closed. She didn’t hear the policeman enter the room, and he could, therefore, take a good look of her.
Age had been kind to Eleonora Kaplan. Her skin was smooth, with hardly any wrinkles on her face and neck; her hair once dark but now completely white was still thick and wavy, her pale delicate hands, which lay on the cover, were well manicured and tender. However, the dark circles under her closed eyes and her hollowed temples revealed some underlying illness, and she was very thin – almost a ghost of the former Eleonora. The woman was breathing shallowly and laboriously, her forehead and temples slightly damp with sweat.
Feeling awkward about disturbing a sick person, Vadim still made a few steps toward the bed. An old squeaky board under his foot alerted the woman, and she opened her eyes, looking at Vadim with an intense interest. She was expecting someone else, and the eager expression changed into that of tired annoyance. There was no recognition in her face, she had probably forgotten all about Vadim and the enquiry he was working on years ago. I have certainly not forgotten you, Vadim thought somewhat bitterly, Even though you seemed to have nothing to do with the case.
“How are you?” Vadim broke the awkward silence. “Is there anything you want . . .? Some water . . .?” He noticed a glass of water on the bedside table.
Eleonora’s eyes, which hadn’t lost their brightness and eagerness, never left Vadim’s face. “Are you a new doctor?” The woman made an effort to sit up. “Where’s Felix? Has he brought you?”
Vadim got closer, allowing Eleonora to have a better look at his face. “I’m not a doctor. I came to talk to you. You may not remember me, but we met a long time ago. My name is Vadim Vasin, I’m a policeman, and  . . .” He didn’t finish. Eleonora’s pale face turned even paler, and her breathing became even more laborious. Her eyes rolled up, and the old woman fell back on the pillows.
It was necessary to find the carer immediately. And there would be no chance of interrogating the old woman. Really bad luck here, Vadim thought, none of the potential witnesses for the case were able to give any information. He left the room looking for the carer, who would be able to help the old woman. The carer was found in Svetlana’s room, which was spacious and light, with a big bay-window facing the sea. Svetlana was on the low couch, where she reclined on the cushions, while the carer arranged the covers around her body. Hearing that Eleonora had fainted, the carer hurried out of the room, with Vadim close on her heels.
“I wasn’t hired to look after the old one,” the carer mumbled, and took Eleonora’s hand to count her pulse. “And I must say, she was all right when I first took my job. She was frail, yes, but she was the true mistress of the house, if you know what I mean. She interfered with my every move, she kept an eye on me day and night. I think Svetlana’s afraid of her, she wouldn’t talk with her mother-in-law around.” The carer stood up, looking intensely at the pale face on the pillow. “I think I’d rather call an ambulance now. She might be having another heart attack, and I wouldn’t want her to die on me.”
“Don’t you think we should also notify her son?” Vadim still had a slight hope to talk to Felix Kaplan.
“He’s on the way home. I spoke to him about an hour ago, and he said he was heading home. I don’t know when he will be back, but there’s nothing I can do to reach him.”
The carer dialled 03 for an ambulance and gave the operator the address of the dacha. There was nothing Vadim could do there tonight. He decided to come back next day, when Felix or Eugeny would be home. Leaving the carer talking on the phone, he quietly closed the door behind him. On the way to the stairs he looked into Svetlana’s room. The woman was lying on the couch and seemed to be asleep. Vadim thought about waking her up and talking but changed his mind. It would be better if Svetlana had some rest and calmed down, in her agitated condition she was no help to the investigation.
When Vadim stepped outside, the snow had faded with only random fat snowflakes falling lazily from the darkened sky. Vadim walked briskly along the street, aiming to get to the station quickly. The wind was still blowing with its full force, and Vadim shivered in his coat that had become quite damp after walking in the snow earlier that day. Turning the corner of the house he stopped on his heels. Walking towards him was a tall handsome man, his dark hair blown back by the wind, his black coat undone. It didn’t take Vadim long to recognise the man, even though they had only met briefly and quite a while ago. Eugeny Krassilnokov had registered in Vadim’s mind and couldn’t be forgotten. Eugeny hadn’t changed a lot since their last meeting. He had grown slightly bigger, more mature, though there were hardly any wrinkles on his face. Vadim thought unhappily that he himself was showing more signs of aging. He was well dressed, as ever, but didn’t seem to care about his clothes, his expensive suede shoes were stained by the melting snow, and his long back coat flopping in the ghastly wind was also covered with sleet. Eugeny didn’t seem to notice Vadim or pay attention to the motionless figure.
 Eugeny kept walking with his head bent slightly forward against the wind. When the two men got closer to each other, Vadim noticed that the buttons on the other man’s coat, made of a yellowish metal, were reflecting the light with their dull sheen. Strange buttons for the man’s coat, he thought absentmindedly. Eugeny was about to pass without even turning his head, when the realisation struck Vadim like lightning, “The buttons with lions!” Vadim was unaware that he had actually spoken these words, and was surprised when Eugeny suddenly slowed and looked up.
“I beg your pardon? Did you say something about my buttons?” There was both annoyance and interest in his question. But there was no recognition in his eyes, as he looked at Vadim.
“Yes, I’ve noticed the golden buttons with lions on your coat. They are very unusual.”
“They are! I must say, they are quite unique, though they are not gold of course. I buy my coats in England, and the lions on the buttons are the trademark of the company. I have worn this particular type of overcoats since I was in my twenties. I don’t think you will find another button like that, not in this country.”
Eugeny boasted about his clothes with the eagerness of a woman, which surprised Vadim and made him feel uneasy, as if he had peeped into someone’s private world. The lions on the buttons, though, made him overcome his uneasiness.
“Actually, I’m afraid I must disappoint you, Eugeny.” Vadim said, ignoring the other man’s startled expression, and rummaging in his pocket. “There’s something here that has been in my possession for over twenty years. Would you care to see?” And Vadim produced a single metal button, which could have been gold colour but had darkened with age. Dark or not, the lion on the button was clearly visible, and it was exactly the same as the lions on the buttons of Eugeny’s coat.
“Would you like to know where this button came from?” Vadim felt his heart racing and his mouth dry. His hand was shaking as he held out the button.  Eugeny stepped back, his face revealing mixed emotions of recognition, surprise and fear. The button in Vadim’s hand attracted Eugeny’s gaze. Vadim went on, closing the distance between them and actually touching the button on Eugeny’s coat. “This button was found on the body of a young girl, in Moscow. She was killed, murdered, and the murderer has never been found. The only clue was this button, the button with a lion, a very unusual button, a really unique one. The killer must have lost the button when he was struggling with the girl, strangling her. I picked the button up and promised myself that I would find the murderer, no matter how long it takes. I have always carried the button with me since then. Always. I haven’t found the killer. But I remember, and I’m still looking. I have made a deal with myself – find who the button belongs to and you will find the killer. What do you say, Eugeny?”
Eugeny stood looking at Vadim, his face pale. The snow was falling on his long hair, adding the white to the natural colour. The expression on the man’s face was completely blank, so that Vadim wondered if Eugeny had heard and understood him. Vadim was about to address Eugeny again, when he spoke with a voice as hollow, as his face was blank.
“I have no comment. I don’t know what you are talking about. I must be going now, excuse me.” He made a movement to walk past Vadim, but had to stop as Vadim was blocking his way. “Who are you?” There was fear in Eugeny’s voice, as he tried to move on. “What do you want? Let me go! I’ll call the police!”
“You don’t recognise me, do you?” Vadim’s question sounded more like a statement. “We met a long time ago. I’m Vadim Vasin, and when we met, I was a lieutenant working on the case of a young girl’s disappearance. Do you remember? I came from Moscow, to talk to you, just as I have come now. And again I need to talk to you.”
“What about?” There was terror in Eugeny’s voice, and Vadim realised that the man was in a state of panic. “I don’t know anything about any girl. I don’t remember any girl! I don’t remember you! Let me go! You have no right to stop me like this!”
“Please, calm down,” Vadim saw that the situation was getting out of control, but there still were some questions he had to ask. “There is something else I would like to talk to you about. I’m investigating a murder case at the moment. I need to ask you a couple of questions about your whereabouts on 12th of March. Were you in Moscow by any chance?”
“No! I can’t talk to you! No! You have no right to interrogate me like that! Have you got a warrant? I’m not going to answer any of your questions. Go away!” And with that Eugeny pushed his way past a startled Vadim and rushed to the house.
Vadim didn’t have a warrant, he wasn’t officially working on the case here, in St Petersburg. He hadn’t even visited the local police headquarters and hadn’t asked for any support from his local colleagues. He thought there would be time for the official actions later. He was so eager to find anyone from the Kaplan-Krassilnikov family, to talk off the record. It was a mistake, as he could see now. First Svetlana, who was talking about a dead body in the basement; then Eugeny with his black coat with the lion buttons. Could it really be that Eugeny had something to do with the murder of the girl in Moscow many years ago? Why was he so frightened to see the button? There were lots of questions, which Vadim would like to ask, but unfortunately he had to wait. Nothing could be done in Komarovo, so Vadim made his way to the station to return to St Petersburg. He intended to return tomorrow after contacting his colleagues there.
* * *
Meeting the man from his past, rattled Eugeny to the core. The same Policeman who had come to investigate Marina’s death! God, how long ago it was.


~***~


Chapter 28
1967, Moscow, Sochi
Eugeny, Felix, Kira

Eugeny was a very handsome young man, and lots of women showed interest in him. Hence, it was difficult to remain unattached to a woman as this would arouse suspicion amongst his colleagues. Being single wasn’t ‘right’. It was necessary to pretend, and to date a girl at least from time to time. He was still doing his Academy degree, so it was understandable that he wasn’t in a hurry to get married. Dating was another thing. When on the trip to Moscow for his exams, Eugeny dated one of his fellow students, Marina. She was from a very good family, her father was a Communist Party boss, so dating Marina was potentially advantageous. Eugeny quite liked female company, and his vanity certainly flourished from being admired. He hated when someone started arguing with him, challenging his superiority and making fun of him. There was no danger of this with Marina, as she adored Eugeny and flattered him all the time: Eugeny was the most handsome man in Moscow, Eugeny was the best musician, Eugeny had the most fashionable clothes, Eugeny was the greatest fun to be with.
Eugeny liked Marina’s company, they went to the concerts and then discussed the music, they went to the cinema and to the cafés, they walked in the parks – the only difference was in their perception of the relationship. Marina thought they were having proper dates, while for Eugeny it was just the way of spending time with a friend. He never made any attempt to kiss or embrace her. Eugeny didn’t even realise that she was expecting their relationship to become more intimate. When the exams were all passed, he went back to Leningrad, saying he would write and call, but never intending to keep his promise.
Back in Leningrad Eugeny was happy to join Felix again. The relationship between the two men was like that of a married couple, now that they lived together and spent every free minute with each other. The lovers intended to go on a holiday together, to the Black sea. Felix had organised a tour for their jazz group in Sochi, he was also taking his wife and daughter on a holiday, so everything looked quite decent. Kira was out of her mind with happiness – she was going to Sochi, and her beloved Eugeny was going too! The trip was planned for July, the railway tickets bought and the hotels reserved. They all were going to stay in a posh hotel by the sea. Felix had a suite booked for Svetlana and Kira and an adjacent room for Eugeny and himself. The rest of the group had made do with simpler and cheaper hotels, but the musicians were happy nevertheless, as they were going to spend time on the Black seacoast and be paid for it. They were going to play at the summer theatre every day, besides there would be all kinds of receptions to play at. Everybody had the greatest expectations for that summer.
After work Eugeny and Felix sat on the balcony drinking wonderful Georgian red wine, talking and laughing quietly and looking out at the sea. It was almost invisible in the dark, but a rhythmical rolling clattering sound could be heard, as the waves tumbled the pebbles over and over, back and forth. They often fell asleep in each other’s arms, but in the morning Felix tiptoed back to his own suite, where he usually had breakfast with Svetlana and Kira – just like a good husband and father.
With Felix being obliged to spend some time with his family, Eugeny had a lot of time for himself, and with nothing better to do, he spent it lazily at the seaside. Everybody took him for a good friend of Felix’s family, and nobody was surprised that he looked after Kira at the beach. Kira’s presence didn’t stop girls from making Eugeny’s acquaintance. Eugeny was usually very polite, but all his body language showed that he was not really interested.
“You should try and befriend one or two,” said Kira. “Otherwise they will start hating you for your indifference. And they will think you are strange, if you don’t like girls.”
“My God, Kira, I tried so hard in Moscow, I made friends with Marina, and now what? She keeps sending me letters which I don’t even bother reading. And she called a couple of times. How do I get rid of her now? And you want me to have another girlfriend?
“But you must!” Kira was really concerned about Eugeny. She behaved like an older sister protecting a younger brother, which was to some extent true. Eugeny had always relied on someone older to guide him, previously his mother or Eleonora or Felix. So he was happy to accept Kira in her role as his big sister. The girl was very mature for her thirteen years. Whereas Eugeny often behaved unreasonably, like a spoilt child, and as a spoilt child he could be very stubborn. And so it was, he refused to listen to common sense.
“Leave me alone!” Eugeny was not in the mood for arguing with Kira that morning. He was in his jealous mood, as Felix hadn’t shown him enough affection the previous night. And that very day Felix was spending time with a young trombone player, rehearsing a piece of music for the evening.
Kira was not that easy to get rid of. She understood perfectly well where the source of Eugeny’s bad mood lay. “Don’t be silly, Zhenya, Felix is just doing his work. By the way, it would help if you did some rehearsing yourself. You are playing in the evening!”
But these words only made Eugeny more upset. He was nearly crying by then. “I said, leave me alone!”  He shouted and dashed away.
Leaving the beach after his quarrel with Kira, Eugeny walked up the dusty street that climbed towards the mountains. The air was still and humid, and even in the shade of the trees it was still hard to breathe. Soon he came to the upper part of the town, where there were no hotels, and where the local people lived. Taking a couple more turns, Eugeny found himself on a cliff overlooking the promenade and the park below. Facing the sea, there was a local café- bar, which was deserted at that time. Eugeny entered the cool shadowy interior, and asked for a glass of cold lemonade. He then sat by the door, sipping the drink and admiring the view below.
* * *
The next thing Eugeny remembered was the rising sun, which shined in his eyes. It was red and huge, just peeping from behind the rocks, and the low horizontal rays were unbelievably bright. Eugeny turned away, not realising where he was and why it was so cool. A glance around brought back some memories of the previous night – but not all the details. He was on the beach, but had no idea how he got there. All he knew was that he woke up on the beach with throbbing head and sore throat. He was also beginning to shiver. It was necessary to get back to the hotel, but which way to go?
Fortunately, when Eugeny climbed up the sloping beach, he found himself facing the same promenade that he had seen the night before. He had a vague idea of seeing it from the top of a cliff. It must have been a dream, I have never been anywhere in the upper town, I remember that. What a strange dream . . . Eugeny walked to his hotel in the light of the low sun. There was nobody around, and Eugeny managed to get to the front door unobserved. He heard Felix’s voice from the balcony, just as he was about to open the front door.
“Zhenya, my God, where have you been? I thought I would go crazy! It’s insane, to walk around for the whole night! I didn’t sleep a minute.” Felix sounded relieved more than anything, glad to see his lover safe.
Eugeny opened the door, and in a couple of minutes he was already in Felix’ arms. “You, stupid boy!” Felix stroked his hair and kissed his face with quick little kisses. “You frightened me, you know that? You deserve a good spank!” And Felix started pulling off Eugeny’s clothes. “Look, your clothes are wet, have you been swimming in your clothes?” Felix finally looked close into Eugeny’s face. “Are you all right? You are all hot and feverish! Go on, let’s get you to bed!” And with these words Felix led Eugeny to the bedroom and helped him off with his clothes. Eugeny was shaking and shivering all over, and Felix got into bed with him, warming him with the heat of his body. In a minute Eugeny was asleep in his lover’s arms. Later Felix joined Svetlana and Kira for breakfast, leaving Eugeny asleep in bed. The young man had been feverish, but after a couple of hours of sleep, his fever retreated, his head was cool and sweaty, and Felix decided it was all right to let Eugeny stay on his own.
When Eugeny didn’t arrive at the hotel after the concert, Kira became worried and told Felix about her argument with her brother earlier that day. Felix then went out to look for Eugeny at the beach and in the park. When it became dark he returned to the hotel and sat on the balcony, looking into the darkness and jumping up nervously every time he saw someone approaching the entrance. He was crazy with anxiety for Eugeny, and he was thinking of going to the police in the morning, to report Eugeny missing, when the young lover finally showed up at the hotel. Felix told Kira that he didn’t know where Eugeny had been, but he didn’t mention Eugeny’s wet clothes and his strange trance-like state. He thought, Zhenya might have fallen in the sea and got very frightened. Kira was sure that her brother had been hiding somewhere on purpose, to make them all worry, and she didn’t want to talk to him until later.
When Felix returned to Eugeny’s room, he found his lover in bed, awake but strangely confused. Eugeny couldn’t answer the questions about his whereabouts the night before, neither could he explain why his clothes were all wet. In fact, he couldn’t remember much from the previous evening. The last thing he remembered clearly was arguing with Kira. “And I remember drinking lemonade, it was cold, and the glass moist with condensation,” Felix got that much from his young lover. So it was clear that Eugeny had been somewhere and had a cold drink, but for some reason he could remember neither where he had that drink, nor what happened later.
Kira visited Eugeny later, and he told her that he had fallen asleep on the bench in the park and must have caught a cold. Kira gave him some fruit and tea, and then left for the beach, reassured about his state of health.
The rest of the tour went without any trouble. The band was a great success, Felix and Eugeny enjoyed each other’s company to the most. Kira developed a nice brown suntan and also strengthened her swimming skills. Svetlana was happy and feeling her best after spending her time by the sea. They all returned to Leningrad in high spirits.


~***~


Chapter 29
July 1991, Belarus, Leningrad, Komarovo
Vlada

Vlada was one of those determined personalities, who was motivated by an overriding Goal. Ever since she had met Eugeny at the school graduation party, she always thought about him as ‘her’ man. Nothing could shake her determination to be with Eugeny. She considered Kira as a competitor and enemy, and was the first to spread the rumours about Kira’s affairs. Everybody in the theatre knew about Vlada’s obsession with Kira’s husband, but nobody took her seriously. Who could imagine that the young girl’s crush for a handsome and talented musician would continue for decades?
Vlada had made many attempts to open Eugeny’s eyes to Kira’s infidelities, but without success. So when Kira’s love affair with Moris developed, Vlada saw her chance. Finally, she thought! This time Kira won’t get away with deceiving her husband. She will have to pay for her outrageous behaviour. And it was her, Vlada, who would save her saint, the greatest musician and the innocent husband!
When the operetta company went on a tour in the summer of 1991, Vlada saw it as a very good opportunity to spy on the two lovers and get some proof of their relationship. She had acquaintances everywhere, including people in the film business. It wasn’t hard to persuade one of them to lend her an automated camcorder, which could be easily set to start filming by a built-in motion detector. Vlada experimented with the camera in her own apartment, secretly filming her lovemaking with a famous film director, and it turned up to be a real success! The camcorder worked perfectly even in the dimly lit bedroom.
Good, thought Vlada. I can always use this ‘film’ to get myself a better role. I bet our director, who likes boasting that he is not ‘bribable’, will be happy to exchange my little creation for a part in his film. I’ve heard his wife is not only jealous but is also the daughter of an influential person.
The most difficult part of the plan was to set-up the camcorder in the room where it could film the two lovers in action. Vlada watched Kira and Moris day and night, but she couldn’t find a way to get into the room where they slept, the lovers were very cautious. Finally an opportunity arose when the operetta staff took a short break from their tour of Belarus, and stayed at a hotel in the national park, Belavezhskaya Puscha. When Kira was sunbathing on the terrace, Vlada crept into her room and hid the camcorder on the top of the wardrobe, where it wouldn’t be noticed. The camcorder was aimed at the bed and would be set into action by any activity.
When Kira and Moris made love, every movement they made, every sound they uttered, was recorded.  Then Vlada only needed to get hold of the camcorder again, and she would have evidence of Kira’s infidelity. And Kira unwittingly helped her when she left for an early morning walk. Vlada waited for her rival to pass through the hotel gates and then rushed to the room. The door was never locked so she was able to enter easily. She closed the curtains, just in case, and got on a chair to reach for the camera. The open window frame moved slightly, and the bright sun reflection caught Kira’s eye as she looked back. But Kira didn’t pay any attention and went on with her walk, while Vlada grabbed the camcorder, opened the curtains and left as quickly as she had entered. The devious deed was done.
Vlada didn’t wait for the coach to get back to Minsk, she had been ‘nice’ to an elderly composer, who was staying in the hotel and participating in the last night party. He gladly gave her a lift to the city, and so Vlada was back in Minsk hours earlier than the rest of her colleagues.  It was crucial to reach Eugeny as soon as possible and show him the film – even the thought of it made Vlada feels nearly ecstatic. I can’t wait to see Eugeny’s face when he watches the tape! What a pleasure! Finally I will be avenged and will have the man I have longed for all these years.
It was necessary to think of a good excuse, which would explain her abrupt departure and pacify the director. Vlada wrote a short note, put it in an envelope and pushed it under the door of the director’s suite. The note read:  “I had a phone call from Leningrad, my mother is critically ill, and I have to go back right away to see her alive.” The fact that her mother had been dead for nearly five years didn’t matter as the director would not remember any details about Vlada, of that she was sure.
Having ‘covered her base’, she took a taxi to the airport, and was lucky to catch the afternoon plane to Leningrad. A couple of hours later she arrived in the Northern Capital. It was rather cold and windy, and low grey clouds were moving fast from the Finish Bay – a noticeable contrast with the warm and sunny weather in Minsk. But Vlada was oblivious of the environment, she was driven by her overriding Goal, and now, when it was so close, there was nothing at all that could shake her resolve. By the time Vlada reached Eugeny’s place it was early evening, but in spite of the overcast weather the daylight lingered and resisted giving way to the darkness of night. It was the time of the year when the sun barely sets, the famous White Nights of Leningrad, the time of the romantic couples and poets.
Sitting in the taxi Vlada daydreamed. He will leave her tonight, and we’ll go away together. We’ll stay in a hotel for the night, and tomorrow he’ll find us someplace to live. Vlada couldn’t even think of bringing Eugeny to her room in the communal apartment, that miserable, obscure, shabby little room with the only window facing the wall of another building. She and the man she loved would live together in a nice big apartment, somewhere by the river, with fresh air from the Baltic.
Vlada was so deep in those pleasant thoughts that she didn’t notice when the taxi stopped in front of Eugeny’s house. She paid the driver and was about to approach the entrance door when she caught a sight of a figure in a wheelchair. Svetlana, Kira’s mother, the invalid . . . Vlada recognised the woman in the chair. She had met Svetlana many times and knew that this woman had a habit of sitting outside for some fresh air. There’s no way of pretending I haven’t recognised her. Vlada put on a big happy smile and approached Svetlana.
“Oh, hello, dear! I’m so pleased to see you! How are you these days? You’re looking gorgeous! Absolutely gorgeous!” Vlada babbled some absolute nonsense, trying to make small talk. The woman in the wheelchair, though, didn’t answer her smile. On the contrary, her face looked quite grim and unfriendly, as if she wanted to say, what do you want? Go away! Instead she said, “Aren’t you on a tour? I thought the operetta company had gone on a long tour. Or have you been sacked?” The last few words were pronounced with considerable relish.
“Oh dear, you are joking!” Vlada gave a stiff laugh. “I was on the tour, that’s true. But there’s something absolutely vital I need to do here, in Leningrad. Actually, I need to talk with your son-in-law. Is he in?”
“What do you have to do with my son-in-law? He isn’t here anyway. The orchestra is playing in Petergoff tonight, and the boys are not coming back until tomorrow evening. You’ll have to postpone your visit!” Svetlana was full of hostility; she knew pretty well that there was no love lost between her daughter and the visitor.
Vlada was taken aback, He’s not in Leningrad! She couldn’t even imagine that Eugeny might not see the incriminating tape tonight. The news was shocking; the stress of the past few days suddenly got to her, and she nearly fainted. 
Svetlana must have spotted the change in the woman’s appearance and looked at her with some concern. “Are you all right? Come sit on the bench, you look awful! You’re so pale as if you’ve seen a ghost!”
“I’m OK, don’t worry. I have a problem, and I hoped Eugeny or Felix could help me,” Vlada was improvising. “But never mind, I’ll find another way out.” She smiled at Svetlana and waved her hand in a ‘goodbye’ gesture. Then she turned away and walked towards the street.
“Is it money you wanted to borrow?” Svetlana called back. “If it is, perhaps I could help. You don’t need to wait to see the boys.”
It only took Vlada a second to make a decision. Money? Why not! She could pretend she really needed to borrow some money – that was a good enough reason to want to see Eugeny.
“Oh, thank you!” She said turning back and moving slowly towards Svetlana. “It’s really very embarrassing to ask for money, but I couldn’t go to anyone else. I know Eugeny or Felix would help me out. I’ll be ever so grateful if you could!”
“How much do you need?” Svetlana seemed to believe Vlada and was ready to lend her some money.
Vlada knew that it was not kindness or friendliness from Svetlana, but a desire to get rid of her daughter’s rival. Even so, the situation could be beneficial for Vlada.
“A thousand dollars.” It was a lot of money for her, but Vlada wanted to sound convincing. Nobody would lend her that much money. “I will give it back after the tour, I promise!”
“Your promise is nothing! We’ll go up to the apartment now, and you’ll write an IOU note. Only after that shall I trust you with a thousand dollars. Help me with the chair.”
Vlada wheeled the chair to the door and held it open for Svetlana. They took a lift to the upper floor and stopped by the door of the apartment, where Svetlana lived with her husband and mother-in-law. Vlada knew that the other apartment on the same floor belonged to Eugeny and Kira. The heavy oak door was opened by Svetlana’s carer. “You are back? So early?” The woman was surprised at Svetlana’s return home only after half an hour walk. “You need more fresh air. The doctor said . . .”
Svetlana interrupted the carer, “I don’t need to be reminded about what my doctor said. I’ll resume my walk after I finish some business here. Thank you. I’ll call when I need you.” And with these words Svetlana wheeled herself to a room on the right where Vlada hadn’t been before. There were lots of books on the bookshelves that lined the walls, which made the room look smaller and darker than it really was. Several armchairs surrounded a low glass table with magazines and newspapers scattered on it. Svetlana pointed to one of the chairs.
“You can sit down and wait for me here. I’ll be right back.” Svetlana was quite skilled with her wheelchair and moved swiftly and noiselessly on the thick carpet, pushing the big wheels with her hands. Vlada lowed herself in an armchair, which turned out to be very comfortable, not too soft and not too low. The walls and the door must have been well soundproofed, as not a single sound from the rest of the apartment reached there.
Vlada knew that Kira’s grandmother, Felix’s mother, was still alive. How old is she? Vlada wondered. She wasn’t particularly young when I first met her, and it was years and years ago. She must be in her late eighties now. I remember her as the boss of the family. At least Kira used to be more afraid of her granny than her father. Yes, the old woman was quite a character!
As if answering her thoughts, the door opened and the old woman entered, followed by Svetlana in the wheelchair. Eleonora stopped at the doorway as if waiting for the visitor to greet her first. Vlada found herself standing up. As if I’m a pupil and she’s my strict teacher, the thought crossed her mind, as she said “Hello”. The old woman bowed her head very slightly, with the grace of a queen, and made a gesture for Vlada to return to her seat. Then she slowly walked towards the table and sat down in the nearest armchair.
“Svetlana told me you are in need of a big sum of money,” Eleonora began. Her voice was as strong and clear as ever, in fact, it was the voice of a much younger woman. Vlada remembered that Eleonora used to sing and perform on stage. She also used to be very handsome. Even now, when she was nearly ninety, Eleonora was still attractive. Her smooth pale face was nearly free of wrinkles, and her hair, though completely white, was thick and elegantly styled, although slightly old-fashioned. The best feature of her face were her eyes, very dark, without even the slightest hint of old age – eyes that seemed able to look deep inside people. Those were the eyes of an intelligent and ruthless person, one who knows the truth.
Vlada felt uneasy under the dark unfriendly gaze. She can’t possibly know, was Vlada’s thought. Nobody knows. But she must be sensing something. She’s like a witch! Aloud she said: “Yes, I’m in a terrible situation, and Svetlana here was kind enough to offer to help me.”
“Why did you ask for Eugeny?” Was Eleonora’s next question. “What made you think that my son-in-law would lend you the money?”
Vlada had to think fast. “I could only hope he or Felix would help me in my desperate situation. They have always been kind to me. There’s nobody else I could approach with such request.” Vlada didn’t have to pretend a lot to make her voice shake and her eyes a little moist, as she was really petrified of the old woman. She didn’t know where their conversation was leading, but there was no way back now.
“Show me your arms,” the old woman suddenly demanded.
“What?” Vlada thought she had misunderstood her. “My arms? What for?”
“Show me your arms,” repeated Eleonora. “I can’t trust you with a thousand dollars if you are taking drugs.”
“Oh, my God! This is preposterous! You must be crazy! What drugs?” Vlada pulled up the sleeves of her shirt, exposing her pale and absolutely clear skin. “Why do you want to insult me? If you don’t want to give me the money, you shouldn’t have called me in!”
“Easy . . . easy. I had to make sure you were not on the needle,” Eleonora said calmly. “I hate drugs and those who take them. You can’t expect me to help you if you are one of them. But I see you are not, so I’ll lend you the money. You will return it within a month, otherwise you’ll have to pay a five per cent interest. Is that OK?”
“Yes, thank you. I’ll give it back in a month.” Vlada was relieved. All she wanted now was to leave this apartment.
Eleonora opened her handbag which she had put on the floor and took out a thick wad of American currency. “Here,” she handed the money to Vlada. “Count it and write an IOU note. Here’s the pen and a piece of paper.”
“I’m sure the money is OK, I don’t need to count it!” But the old woman insisted that the money should be counted, and Vlada obeyed. Then she wrote what she was dictated and signed the IOU document for Eleonora.
“All right, now you’ve got what you wanted. There’s no need to disturb my son in Komarovo. Nor my son-in-law.” Eleonora stood up. “Goodbye.” And she left the room without another word, not seeing the surprise on Vlada’s face.
Komarovo! She said her son and Eugeny are in Komarovo! Svetlana lied to me about their concert in Petergoff! With these thoughts spinning in her head she said goodbye and thank you to Svetlana, and left the apartment.
They are at the dacha. I can find Zhenya there. I’ll go at once, the trains go every half hour and it’s not late yet.
The trains were indeed leaving the station at regular half-hour intervals. Vlada got into a nearly empty carriage and took a seat by the window. What a long day! It was hard to believe that only that morning she was in Belarus, in the forest, retrieving the camcorder from Kira’s hotel room. And now, at last, she was on her final trip, so close to her Goal! She could relax now and enjoy some pleasant thoughts: Eugeny’s reactions when he saw his wife in bed with the nasty Viking! Vlada could imagine that both Eugeny and Felix would be upset – that was natural. But she hoped that Eugeny wouldn’t be upset for too long. Not with her to console him, to offer her pure love and support.
Vlada wasn’t completely stupid, she realised that Eugeny must have had his suspicions about Kira’s fidelity. She imagined he was a very noble man and would never divorce his wife unless there was some really strong evidence against her. And as soon as Eugeny had this evidence he would leave his shameless wife, and would happily be with her, Vlada. The image Vlada had created in her mind was very strong. She was genuinely sure that Eugeny belonged to her and that Kira had stolen him. So it would be only fair that Eugeny returned to her, the woman of his life.
The monotonous rhythm of the train lulled Vlada to sleep. She was terribly exhausted both physically and mentally, and a short nap was very welcome. She woke up with a start, and looking out the window saw that they were there, the train was slowing down at the platform in Komarovo. Good thing I woke up, I could have easily missed my stop! That would be dumb! She thought as she hurried to the doors.
Vlada walked fast, out of the station and along the street. She soon found herself walking by the shore, where she could hear the waves. Vlada stopped for a minute to look at the water, which seemed grey in the soft light of the white northern night. It was getting rather cool, and she was shivering. Ah, here’s the house. I knew I would find it! I wonder what they are doing? She approached the entrance door and stopped on the porch. Is it music coming from the house? Are they practising or just listening to some records? Vlada wondered if she should ring the bell. But then suddenly she felt uncertain. They might not appreciate an interruption, especially if they were practising. But at the same time, wasn’t her news vitally important? Hadn’t she come here all the way from Belarus to be the courier of Truth? I won’t let anything stop me now!
Vlada tried the door handle, but the door was locked, so she decided to go round to the back door. There was a rectangle of light on the ground, cast from the upstairs window, and the sound of music was louder here. Vlada tried the back door, and it opened. Good luck! She entered quietly into the kitchen. The lights were low, but she could see that the door was open to the hall, which was lit by a big standard lamp. The stairs to the upper floor were at the end of the hall.
Vlada crossed the kitchen and hall on a tiptoe, and started climbing the steep stairs.  She could see light under the door of the room to the left. The music was coming from that room, and there were also other sounds, which she couldn’t quite place. They must be listening to the music or watching TV. Good, I wouldn’t want to disturb them if they are practising. I also don’t want to startle them. Should I call their names or just knock on the door? Vlada climbed up the last few steps and stood by the door, still not certain how best to attract the men’s attention. There was some laughter coming from behind the closed door, and then a man’s voice. Yes, they are relaxing all right! Perhaps I’ll just surprise them!
She stood on the narrow landing at the top of the stairs, and there was hardly any space in front of the door. On the right, a long corridor led to the depths of the house.  She tried the handle, it turned easily and noiselessly, and she pushed the door slightly ajar.  She peeped in, ready to call the men’s names and attract their attention. The words were ready to slip from her smiling lips, Hi boys! Didn’t expect me? I bet you didn’t! Surprise, surprise! The smile froze on her lips, and changed into a grimace of horror and disgust. Vlada gasped in shock, so deep that it left her motionless. What she saw was a reflection in a huge mirror and thus made an impression of a big screen. On the ‘screen’ there was a bed, and on the bed there were two lovers. Vlada stood and watched. The lovers couldn’t see her, as the door was not visible from the bed. But even if it was, they probably wouldn’t notice her, so absorbed they were with each other.
Vlada suddenly felt totally lightheaded, she was afraid she was going to faint. And at the same time she was thinking with a strange clarity, as if she was not a participant but just an observer of the events.  All pieces of the puzzle now lay in order. How could she have been so stupid? How could everybody be so stupid? Nobody had ever guessed! It was incredible, unreal, paradoxical! But it was true. She was witnessing it with her own eyes.
In slow, dreamy movements, Vlada reached in her handbag and got out the camcorder. The video tape was still in it, and there was space on the tape for more filming. Vlada lifted the camera and, pointing it at the picture in the mirror, pressed the ‘start’ button. The camcorder came into action, recording the two ‘actors’ performing on the ‘screen’. The filming didn’t take long, about five minutes, but long enough for Vlada to calm down from the first reactions of pure shock and horror. Then her scheming mind got into gear, and she was already thinking of the advantage and possible profit she could obtain from the new situation!
Now I have two films that I can use to my benefit. I shouldn’t rush with making them public, I must take my time and act only when I’m ready. It will be like a bomb! The main thing is to decide when to explode it.  They will be my slaves when I tell them. It will be so sweet to watch all these people, so arrogant and full of their own importance, to tremble every day, expecting the hideous truth about them to become public knowledge. It’s the sweetest thing in the world, it’s Power! My Power over them!
Vlada was so carried away with her thoughts that she forgot where she was, and what she was doing. The music stopped playing and in the sudden silence the sounds of lovemaking were even more prominent. It was time to leave, she had seen and filmed enough. She made a step back, and another, stumbled, and fell headlong down the steep stairs, making a terrible crashing sound as she landed on the floor at the bottom of the stairs.


~***~


Chapter 30
Winter 1968, Moscow
Eugeny, Marina

In the winter of 1968 Eugeny went to Moscow again, to take his exams and do his diploma practice. He had forgotten all about Marina, and was looking forward to having some fun in Moscow, joining in with the bands and playing in restaurants and cafes. His diploma practice was supposed to be done with the symphony orchestra, and it demanded serious preparation and lots of exercise. Spending time with the girls wasn’t part of his plans.
That’s why seeing Marina his very first day at the Academy was an unpleasant surprise. She had definitely prepared for that meeting: had taken the trouble of setting her hair in a nice and fashionable style, had on her best make-up, and was dressed in a modern suit and blouse, which clung to every curve of her figure. In fact, she looked lovely. Any man who was interested in women would have been pleased with her attention. But not Eugeny. On the contrary, when he saw Marina in her glory he was very reluctant to approach her and say hello.
He could see that nearly everybody was gazing at the two of them with curiosity, waiting for the development of their relationship; they all remembered that Eugeny and Marina were going out together in spring last year. Fighting a strong desire to turn round and flee, Eugeny approached Marina with a false smile on his face, which was meant to show how happy he was.
“Hi Marina, what a nice surprise to see you today!” Eugeny then managed to utter an insincere compliment, “You look fantastic!”
“Zhenya! You look good yourself! You always know how to pick up nice clothes that flatter you!” The girl sounded naturally pleased to see Eugeny, and if she was mad at him for never answering her letters or calling back, she didn’t show it. “How are you doing these days? How’s your music going? Did you have a lot of practice in the summer?” Marina came up close and held his arm, “Let’s walk around a bit and talk, shall we?”
Eugeny found himself walking close to Marina and listening to her. He felt like saying, “No, I’m sorry, I have other things to do,” but as it often happened, he was incapable of imposing his will and choosing for himself. He was too much used to relying on others in every aspect and he was getting even more dependant as he grew older. 
In the meantime, Marina chattered non-stop, telling him about her success in her piano lessons, her holidays, her new clothes, etc, etc . . . as if they had parted only the day before. On the one hand, Eugeny was relieved to realise that there were not going to be any unpleasant scenes, but on the other hand, he found himself involved in the same relationship, which he hadn’t wanted from the word go!
Marina was in total control of what she wanted. She thought Eugeny was a good match, why not?  They were both good musicians, he was intelligent and nice to talk to, and most importantly, he was so handsome! Besides, Marina was used to being admired by men, and it was a challenge to enchant Eugeny who was not at all passionate about their relationship. The more reluctant he was to show his affection, the more determined she became to get it. Of course, Marina couldn’t even imagine how much Eugeny hated the idea of a sexual relationship with her, or any other woman.
So Eugeny found himself seeing Marina every day after classes, going out and spending nearly every spare minute with her. He tried to avoid her by pretending that his preparation took a lot of time, and therefore, he couldn’t see her as often as she would have liked. But Marina found a way out of that situation. She arranged with her professor to have practice at the same time and at the same place as Eugeny, and often when Eugeny was having a break in his exercises, he could hear her playing next door. After all this plotting on Marina’s behalf, Eugeny gave up and decided just to let things happen as they would. After all, he was not staying in Moscow forever, he would be leaving for Leningrad in less than a month, and then it would be goodbye Marina!
Marina also realised that her reluctant friend would be going away soon, and that it was time to act. She tried as hard as she could to get Eugeny into bed, to seduce him, but to her great surprise and annoyance he was very resistant. He would never stay alone with her if there was the slightest possibility that she might start her seduction routine. Finally, Marina decided to change her tactics and talk with Eugeny.
One day after a practice session whilst he was escorting her home, she thought it was a good opportunity. “Zhenya,” she said, “do you like me?”
“Yes, why?” he reluctantly replied.
“Because you never show that you like me!”
Eugeny could hear the sadness in her voice, and thought, Oh God, here we go! “How would you like me to show it? I always compliment you on the way you look, I praise the way you play the piano, I take you out and spend a lot of time with you, what other ways should I show my fondness for you?” Eugeny tried to appear naive and not to show his annoyance.
“You never kiss me, you never show that I interest you, you know, as a woman,” now the girl was feeling embarrassed and angry. Can’t he see what I meant? Is he stupid?
Eugeny was really loosing control of this conversation, he didn’t know what to say, but it was necessary to react quickly. He tried to think what Eleonora would say in this situation, imagined her sitting in her favourite armchair with a book on her lap. What book would it be? Some classical English novel, her mostly loved one, Jane Eyre, probably. And how would a proper English gentleman react in a situation like this? Yes, that’s it! He knew what to say now. Even his manner changed, as he talked with dignity and hurt feelings.
“My dear, what do you mean by that? You are not a woman, you are a lovely girl, a young girl. And I treat you with all my respect, as I’m sure you deserve. You don’t want to say that I should treat you as those indecent women who know men before marrying them, do you? Of course you don’t! You are a decent, pure girl and you will know a man’s interest in you, when you get married.” Eugeny hugged the girl and kissed her lightly on the cheek. “I don’t think your father would approve of any man showing too much interest in you as a woman, what do you think?”
Marina immediately got the message from Eugeny’s words – he was afraid of her father, that’s why he didn’t want to sleep with her. And another, more pleasant thought, he wants me to be a virgin when he marries me. She couldn’t tell him that she hadn’t been a virgin since she was fifteen. But this little problem can be taken care of, he’ll never suspect anything. But who could imagine! What a gentleman! I must act very carefully, to avoid scaring him away.
“I’m sorry my dear, I’m so impatient! It’s that I like you very much, and I want you to like me! Please, forgive me. I will be a good girl and wait patiently,” and with these words Marina kissed Eugeny gently on his cheek and walked to her front door. “Bye, my dear! See you tomorrow! Sleep tight!” And she disappeared into the house.
Eugeny had succeeded in satisfying Marina, but he felt tired and empty. Why do I have to put up with this silly meaningless relationship with her? Why can’t I be myself, just love my Felix? Will all these primitive women ever leave me alone? He felt angry. How I hate them! I would like to shut them up, to make them choke on their stupid tongues, so that they would never bother me again!
His anger turned into unmanageable rage. Yes, I’ll show them, I’ll make them shut up! Eugeny stormed aimlessly down the street. He was overwhelmed with fury, and at the same time felt like crying and hiding away. He remembered feeling this way as a child, when his father would beat him or shout at him. As a boy, Eugeny would hide away and imagine killing his father, choking him or pushing his face in the tub of water, feeling the body shuddering in agony as life was leaving it, until it went lifeless and heavy in his hands. Eugeny would let his imagination carry him away, he would actually feel the body going limp in his hands, feel his father die. And then Eugeny would cry, but he would also feel aroused and excited.
 Eugeny suddenly became aware of the street beneath his feet, the cold wind blowing, his eyes watering – or was he really crying? He was surprised to find himself standing outside the house where they used to live: he, his mum, Kira . . . and his father. It all seemed so long ago, like some other life.
Eugeny wondered how long he had been there, outside the old building. His watch showed half past midnight, which meant he had wandered the streets for two hours after taking Marina home. Where have I been? Both his cuffs were unpleasantly wet, and there was snow all over the front of his expensive cashmere coat. One of the buttons was missing, it looked like it had been torn off.
Eugeny cleaned his coat the best he could and moved briskly towards the crossroads, where he remembered, it was possible to catch a taxi any time of day or night. Sitting in the warmth of the cab he went over things again in his mind, reviewing the events of the evening: I saw Marina home, we talked, she left, and I went home. If I walked all the way from her place to the house where we used to live, it would have taken me half an hour, forty minutes at the most. So where have I been for another hour and a half? And why was I covered in snow? I must have been lying somewhere in the snow, Eugeny suddenly guessed. I was so upset, I lay down somewhere out of the way and fell asleep. I must be more careful in future, it’s dangerous to fall asleep in the snow, I could have frozen to death. And all because of this woman!
Strangely enough, thinking about the girl didn’t make Eugeny angry any more. He must have lost his anger in the cold and was now feeling tired and a bit feverish. No wonder, it would be surprising if I didn’t fall ill after sleeping in the snow! And there’s such an important rehearsal tomorrow, I have to be in my best form. Eugeny thought that he would have some hot milk with honey and a hot bath when he got home, then he should be all right.
The taxi driver had been talking for awhile, but Eugeny hadn’t noticed it before. Now he suddenly realised, that the driver had asked him a question and was waiting for an answer, looking expectantly in the rear-view mirror.
“Sorry, what was it?” he asked the driver. “I misheard your question.”
“I said, would you mind if we go round the block and across the other bridge. The nearest one seems to be closed by the police. Must have been an accident.” Eugeny said he didn’t mind and leaned back on his seat.
The apartment Eugeny used when in Moscow belonged to an acquaintance of Eleonora’s old friend, who stayed at her daughter’s place to give him enough privacy. It was very convenient, as nobody was there to bother Eugeny, and he could do whatever he liked any time of day or night. On arriving home, he ran a hot bath, and warmed himself a big mug of milk, which he drank very hot with honey. Then he sank into the steaming bath and relaxed. What a long day. But there was just another week to go, and then he would be done with his exams and rehearsals and would be able to go back home.
Next day Eugeny woke up late and with a sore throat. He had another mug of hot milk with honey, and put a warm scarf round his neck before going out. The coat didn’t look its best after having been wet with the snow. The sleeves had dried, and there were white circles on the cuffs. The front also had the white marks all over. And the missing button, how could he replace that! Fortunately, Zhenya had a spare coat, a shorter one, but it had a hood and was waterproof. He would wear that one.
At the academy Eugeny made every effort to avoid Marina, and he was lucky, the whole day passed without encountering the girl. Eugeny felt unwell, and tired after several hours practising with his professor. He decided to take a taxi on the way home. When driving across the bridge, Eugeny remembered that last night the same bridge was closed.
“Do you know why this bridge was closed last night?” he asked the taxi driver.
“There was a murder, or so I’ve heard,” the driver replied. “A young girl was killed. Must have been a maniac. The police are still looking for him. They will never find anybody, of course. They never do.”
Eugeny felt the hair on the back of his neck stand on end. A maniac! And so close to the place I was yesterday!  What if that manic had come across me? What if I got in the maniac’s way and got killed? It’s not safe to walk around at night, it’s not safe to live in this city! I must go back to Leningrad!
At that moment Eugeny felt so vulnerable, he could have snapped and broke, but instead he spoke to the driver, “Do you know who the girl was?”
The driver replied, “No, you know how they keep it all hush-hush, never let the public know what’s going on. But I’ve heard from the other drivers that the girl was not local. At least they haven’t found where she lived.”
During the last week of the winter exam session Eugeny avoided Marina. He saw her only twice, when he was not alone and managed not to talk to her, but just wave a hand in greeting. Eugeny couldn’t wait to leave Moscow. Never before had this city been so unfriendly and tiring for him. The exams went on well, but not as well as Eugeny had expected. He couldn’t quite pull himself together. All of the recent stress had made Eugeny vulnerable and nervous and not capable of doing his best during the exams. But well or not so well, the exams were over. He would have to come back just once, to take his state exam and to play his piece for the diploma. And then he would be a graduate from the most prestigious academy of music in the Soviet Union.


~***~


Chapter 31
Summer 1968, Moscow
Eugeny, Marina

As the spring of 1968 approached, Eleonora came up with an idea. She had visited her friends on the Finnish Bay, where they had a dacha (summer cottage). It was a lovely spot, right by the sea. There were a couple of dachas for sale and Eleonora suggested going to see them, in case the family would like to buy one. So one Sunday, when the weather was sunny and warm, they all went to Komarovo.
Komarovo was a desirable area for the people of art and science to build their dachas. A lot of well known writers, painters, actors and academicians fancied this quiet town on the shore of the Finish Bay, where they could spend time away from the hassle of city life. It was prestigious to have a dacha in Komarovo, with the neighbourhood quiet and safe, the houses built with a quality and unimposing style. The plots were big enough to provide privacy, and what was essential, good transport connections with the city.
The cottage Eleonora had chosen was big enough to house the whole family. It stood at the far end of Komarovo with the high pines hiding it from the nearest neighbour. The front faced the sea, and the view was fascinating. There was a small sandy beach with several big boulders framing it, creating the idea of solitude and privacy. The house had two floors, and a big basement that could be used as a storage room, and which had an easy access from the entrance hall via a concealed trap door with a ladder beneath it.
Everybody loved the house. There was no need to discuss the details, all the family wanted it. However, it took several months before the house purchase was completed, and Eleonora could start moving the furniture. The only modification that the family made, was to install an easily operated stair lift for Svetlana, which made it possible for her to access the first floor.
Spring had sprung, and the seaside was lovelier than ever. The first thing Eleonora bought for the dacha was a grand piano, and it was placed in the biggest room on the ground floor, which had originally been designed as the living room. The grand piano was really a great piece of art, it was very old, and had a beautiful carved lid. After it had been properly tuned, it played very well, with a good sound, and would be worth a fortune, if Eleonora ever wanted to sell it. Felix had the honour to play it for the first time, with all the family sitting around and listening.
It was decided that after Eugeny graduated in the summer, he would accompany Felix on another tour to Sochi. Whilst Kira needed to stay home and devote more time to her musical lessons. Eleonora and Svetlana volunteered to stay with Kira, dividing their time between Leningrad and Komarovo. Eugeny left for Moscow to prepare for his last exam session at the end of May. The most important of all his tests and exams involved playing a solo with the orchestra for his diploma project. With the help of his professor, Eugeny had invented some new and really innovative ideas for his beautiful solo, and was very excited, looking forward to playing it. The most difficult job was still ahead: he had to learn to synchronise with the orchestra, and he knew that it was going to be a challenge.
Moscow was hot, dusty and stuffy, especially after cool, green and airy Leningrad, which was so much nobler, so much friendlier, so much easier to trust and love. Moscow scared him, there was so much going on here. It was hard for a man of art to become known, not to mention become famous. Felix had been lucky to have his father’s reputation as an introduction and connection to the grapevine. Lots of musicians remembered David Kaplan and were eager to help Felix at the beginning of his career. But even Felix was happy to move to the Northern Capital, where it was possible to create his own group and in general to feel free. For Eugeny there was no support. He had to work really hard to make a good impression on the examiners in Moscow and to get the highest scores. Eugeny didn’t think the scores were that important, but he knew that Felix and Eleonora would expect him to be the best, and he didn’t want to disappoint them.
Eugeny took a taxi from the station to the apartment where he was staying. Even with the windows wound down it was very hot in the car, and by the end of the journey he was sweaty and irritable. The apartment was cool, and it was such a relief! The landlady fussed over Eugeny as usual, admiring him, commenting that he was becoming more handsome as he grew older. He hardly listened to her twittering, giving a brief reply every now and then, until something in her flow of gossip attracted his attention.
“What did you say?” Eugeny said, and looked at the lady with interest.
“Oh, I might be prying, but that’s what seems to be common knowledge now. She is a good girl, I totally accept your choice, and from a respectable family, too . . .” the lady blurted excitedly.
“What is it about? Can you speak clearly?” Eugeny didn’t want to be rude, but he was barely controlling himself. “What girl?  What family? What are you talking about, for Christ’s sake?”
“Don’t be mad at me, Zhenya, I only repeat what I hear. Of course, you never mentioned anything to me when you stayed here in winter. And Eleonora never says a word about your girls. So I thought it might be true . . .”
“What might be true?!” Eugeny felt his face turning red, as his anger flared inside like a fire.
“But I only know what I hear . . .” the lady looked him in the face and quickly finished. “Everybody says that you and Marina are getting married after the exams. They say you proposed to her in winter and she accepted, though her father wanted someone more mature and successful. But he finally agreed to think about it after you both pass the exams. I mean, I don’t know, but everybody says she’s not quite your match, I hope I haven’t offended you, but she’s not that pretty. You might be in a hurry, you are so young, but you could find someone better . . .”
“You mean, they say that I’m going to marry Marina?”
The surprise in his voice was so genuine, that the lady immediately sensed that Eugeny hadn’t heard about his supposed marriage, that all the rumours were false. That was something she would be talking about tonight with her friends!
Eugeny forced himself to calm down. It’s not doing me any favour to shout at the old lady, after all, it’s not her fault, she’s only repeating what she has heard. He wondered who was behind these rumours about the coming marriage. Was it Marina herself? Could she have invented something about our relationship? Has she told her father about me?
The old lady couldn’t be of any more help, so Eugeny finally let her go. She scurried downstairs, not bothering to wait for the lift, and Eugeny thought that by the next day half of Moscow would be discussing the news. He picked up the phone and only then remembered that he actually didn’t know Marina’s phone number! Isn’t it strange for a man not to know the telephone number of the girl he’s supposed to be marrying? Eugeny uttered an unhappy chuckle. I don’t know what to do, how to deal with the situation. I must call Felix, yes, that’s what I’ll do, talk to Felix and maybe Eleonora, and they might help!
Eleonora answered the phone, and tried to reassure Eugeny. “Wait till you see the girl tomorrow and then talk to her,” she said. “You don’t know much at the moment, do you? Wait till you have more facts at your disposal. Behave naturally, be friendly, as if you haven’t heard anything. And don’t bring up the subject with Marina directly, just ask questions and get her to tell you all about it.” After talking with Eleonora Eugeny felt better, but he was still nervous, his sleep was disrupted by nightmares, and in the morning he felt tired and moody. He went to the academy in an emotionally disturbed state, like a condemned man. But the first day went quite well, nobody bothered him with talk about marriage, and Marina wasn’t there. Eugeny’s spirit lifted, he played his piece of music wonderfully, and was praised by the professor.
In a very good mood Eugeny returned home and went straight to bed after having just a glass of milk. He was happy and calm, maybe all this nonsense the landlady mentioned was just in her head. The next couple of days didn’t bring anything unexpected, and Eugeny started to forget the landlady, Only God knows what possessed her! And then on Friday, after his music practice, Eugeny met Marina. He actually bumped into her as he was leaving the concert room. Because he hadn’t thought about her in a couple of days, meeting the girl took him by surprise, which was clearly written on his face. Eugeny looked rather stupid, standing there by the door, blocking the way, not being able to utter a word.
 Marina laughed, “Why, Zhenya! Aren’t you glad to see me? You look as if you’ve seen a ghost!” 
The young man looked uncomfortable, he wasn’t sure how to behave. Am I supposed to hug and kiss her? Or just behave in a neutral way, as with a friend? Finally he recovered his ability to speak, but could only babble meaningless phrases.
 “Hi Marina, it’s nice to see you again, how are you? How’s your preparation going? I’m quite busy myself, I have this concert to practise, you know, the one I play with an orchestra . . .”  He would have gone on babbling if Marina didn’t interrupt.
“Yes, sure, we all know how busy you are. You are our future celebrity, aren’t you? But we’d also appreciate if you could spare an hour or two and attend our party tomorrow? It’s Galina’s birthday, you know, and she would like to invite you but she’s too shy to do it herself.” Marina turned to Galina, who was standing there with an embarrassed expression. “Go on, Galya, invite him to your party! He won’t bite you!” Marina was definitely the one in control.
“Yes, Zhenya, please, if you could . . . It’s my birthday on Sunday, but I would like to celebrate on Saturday . . . and . . . I invite you to come! Please, come, and here’s the address.”
Galina had finally managed to say what was expected, and handed Eugeny a folded piece of paper. She could now sigh with relief and hide behind Marina’s back again.  Giving Eugeny a final ‘royal’ wave of her hand, Marina went away leaving the young man bewildered and uncertain about what to do.
When the girls were gone, he opened the folded piece of paper only to find out that the party was to be held in a café, in the centre of Moscow. At home Eugeny gave Eleonora another call to get some advice about how to behave on Saturday. Eleonora advised him to be natural, to have fun with the rest of the students, and try not to stay alone with Marina.
On Saturday Eugeny had an afternoon lesson with his professor, and was so carried away with his musical practice that the party slipped his mind. By the time the lesson was over, it was past five, and Eugeny didn’t have time to go back home to change. Never mind, he thought. They want me, they will have to accept me the way I am, in my casual clothes. Anyway, dressing up for them would be wasted effort, like casting pearls to the swine! He dropped into Eliseevsky, the biggest and most famous grocery store in Moscow, to buy a box of chocolates for Galina, and then walked to the café.
Gorky Street was busy at that hour. The pedestrians were mostly young people, all dressed in light summer clothes. It was a pleasant summer evening, and if not for the uncertainty about the future, Eugeny would have liked it.  It would be nice to walk side by side with Felix, brushing shoulders every now and then, smiling to each other . . . Eugeny barely noticed that he had already arrived at the café, and was standing by the entrance, his handsome face looking flushed and sexy, so that every girl he passed couldn’t take her eyes off him.
“Zhenya, you are early! How nice of you!” He heard the voice coming from behind and turned round to look at the birthday girl, who approached him from the hall door. She was nicely dressed and looked more relaxed than usual.
“I came straight from the academy, excuse my casual clothes”, said Eugeny, realising that he might look a bit underdressed for the occasion. “I didn’t want to be late, and I would have been, if I went home to change. Here, that’s for you. Happy Birthday!” And he handed Galina the box of chocolates.
“Oh, thank you! And don’t worry about your clothes, you always look very posh! It’s good you are early, you can choose your seat. Come sit near me!”
Galina led the way to the hall, where several tables had been moved together to form a big letter L. There was a lot of food and several bottles of wine and champagne on the tables. Eugeny guessed that it was going to be quite a celebration. He didn’t want to sit in the centre of the long table, but refusing Galina would be rude. There were a couple of fellow students, and Eugeny immediately got involved in discussing a new pop song which was very popular, but which he couldn’t stand.
Soon the hall was packed with the young people, and everybody found seats at the tables. Eugeny noticed that there was a vacant chair next to Galina on her other side and guessed that it must have been for Marina, who wasn’t there yet. And indeed, as soon as everybody was seated, Marina entered the hall, as if she had been waiting for everybody’s full attention to make her entry.
“Marina! Come here, I was wondering if you were going to make it!” Galina said and jumped up, waving excitedly to attract her friend’s attention.
Everybody stopped talking and turned to look at Marina, who made her way to the vacant seat at the head of the table. She approached the birthday girl and gave her a warm hug and a kiss. Then she sat down by Galina’s side and the celebration started.
Very soon everybody was merry, laughing and offering toasts, already a little drunk. The band in the other hall started playing, and Eugeny thought about him and Felix playing in the band at wedding and birthday parties in Sochi. Soon I am going to do it again! That’s real happiness, doing the work you love together with the person you love!  How lucky I am to have Felix and Eleonora, they have changed my life! He was carried away in his thoughts, when somebody touched him on the shoulder.
Startled he looked up and saw Marina, who had moved to the seat next to him and was now looking at him expectantly.
“Wouldn’t you want to ask me for a dance?” She asked. When Eugeny didn’t respond, she went on, “Then let me ask you. Shall we dance?” And she stood up pulling Eugeny after her. It would be rude to refuse, he thought, so he followed her to the dance floor. They danced without talking, Marina holding Eugeny close, much closer than he wanted.
“Are you afraid of me?” She asked.
Eugeny felt his face blush, “No, why should I be afraid of you? You are a nice girl!” He tried to make it sound casual, but he could hear the strain in his own voice.
Marina continued, “You never look at me, you never talk to me. We hardly ever talked after that last meeting in winter, when you made it clear for me that I should wait till we get married before we have sex. Well, I’ve been waiting!”
Marina looked up at Eugeny, her expression that of a hurt little girl. How I hate that expression of hers! And what am I supposed to say now? How about Eleonora’s advice? They were in the middle of the dance floor, with people moving around, pushing, and turning. Eugeny’s head was spinning, he felt dizzy and nauseous.
Marina noticed that he had gone pale. “You don’t look all right, it must be the heat. I also feel a bit strange. Let’s go out for a minute, you’ll feel better in the open air.”
Eugeny followed her outside, hardly noticing where they were going. Marina led him outside the café and around the corner of the building, where several benches stood under the trees. Eugeny dropped down on the bench, as his legs couldn’t support him any more.
“Now, Zhenya, don’t you think I’ve waited long enough?” Marina went on, as if they hadn’t stopped their conversation. “I must tell my parents when we are going to get married, they’ve been asking. And they want to meet you!”
Eugeny finally forced himself look straight into the girl’s face. “Look, Marina,” he started, “I didn’t know you had taken our little talks so personally. I didn’t mean that we must get married to have sex. I . . . I mean we . . .” He was getting more and more confused and frightened. Oh my God, what should I say? How to get rid of her now? Later I’ll ask Eleonora, she’ll find a way out. “Marina”, he blurted, “I think we shouldn’t talk about marriage until we both graduate and find good positions in life. We are too young to start a family right now. I need to think about my career. Also, I live in Leningrad, and you live in Moscow. It’s too early to think about anything serious.” There, I managed! I actually said it! Eugeny was very proud of himself, he was more confident now, not so afraid to face Marina.
Marina, however, was getting more agitated and angry. “When, then? When are we going to get married? You couldn’t have spent all this time with me and seen me home for nothing! I wasted my time on you! I could have met somebody else! Now it’s your duty to marry me! You know what my father will do with you if you refuse? He will destroy you! Forget about your career!” Marina was crying and shouting, loud enough to attract attention.
Eugeny had to calm her, “Quiet, calm down, please! I don’t say we shouldn’t ever marry, I just say we shouldn’t do it right now.” Eugeny was desperately looking for the right words to stop Marina’s hysterics and at the same time not to promise too much. “We should wait, maybe another year and then we can think about settling down, all right? I don’t say no! Just not yet! Can you see the difference?” His words reached the target, and she calmed down. “That’s a good girl,” Eugeny hurried to strengthen his success. “You go back to the party now, and on Monday we’ll talk again, I promise.”
“Why Monday? Why not tomorrow!” Marina immediately replied. “Tomorrow’s Sunday, you can come to meet my parents and we will discuss it all!”
Eugeny panicked again. “No!” now it was he, who cried out loud. “I’m busy tomorrow, I must practise, I can’t . . . Monday, I’ll see you at the academy after practice.”
With that, Eugeny jumped up from the bench and scurried around the corner, into the busy street. He stopped the first taxi and in no time was back in the safety of his home. Eleonora was unreachable on the phone; Eugeny guessed the whole family must have gone to the seaside, to the dacha for the weekend. He had to deal with Marina by himself. During the whole of the Sunday, he tried the Leningrad phone number again and again, and this useless activity kept him from thinking clear, from concentrating on the problem.
Monday arrived, and Eugeny prepared to face Marina at the academy. After lunch break, he went to the classroom, where he had arranged to meet Marina. He had to wait for nearly fifteen minutes and was about to leave, when she finally appeared. She pretended to be friendly and tried to kiss Eugeny on the lips, but he rebuffed her so abruptly that the girl froze in surprise. For the first time she realised that probably Eugeny was not going to play her game. She guessed that Eugeny didn’t love her, but she didn’t care. He would learn to love her after they were married. What Marina couldn’t know was Eugeny’s sexual orientation and his fear that it would be revealed.
“So, Zhenya, have you thought about our future?” she started.
“Marina, I don’t know if I’m the best man for you,” replied Eugeny. “There are so many decent young men and you could have any of them! You are so beautiful, talented, clever, and you have good family – anybody would be happy to marry you. Why me?”
“Anybody but you, that’s what you mean?” The girl was angry again, and her voice was shaking. 
Eugeny thought, Oh no! Not that! If she starts crying and screaming, somebody would hear. And that would be the end of it! They would find out!
“No . . . No . . .” he hurried to reassure the girl. “I would be honoured to marry you, I just don’t think I deserve it. I’m nothing, there’s nothing in me to make you want to be my wife. That’s why I never asked you to marry me.” Eugeny had made an attempt to remind the girl that he had never proposed to her, however, his efforts were wasted.
“What are you talking about!” Marina’s mood changed immediately. “You are such a dear! And you are a very talented musician. In a couple of years with the help of my father you will be playing in the orchestra of the Bolshoi!”
“All right,” said Eugeny, who started feeling sick again. “Let’s become engaged. You can tell your parents that we are engaged and we haven’t decided about the date of the wedding yet. We’ll wait for a year and see how much I manage to achieve during that time. I don’t want your father to help me. I have talent and determination, and I’ll be able to succeed on my own. I’m going back to Leningrad after the concert, and we’ll keep in touch.” Noticing that Marina wanted to say something, he went on quickly, “We’ll keep in touch over the summer, and you mustn’t try to come and see me, as it is indecent. Besides, I don’t want anybody to know about our engagement yet, not until we make it official. I need time to make some money, and I’ll be working during the summer and then I’ll come to Moscow, and we’ll celebrate our engagement. But you must promise that you won’t break our agreement and come to Leningrad.”
“All right”, Marina sighed. Another two months, she thought. But I will think of something. “I promise, I won’t come to Leningrad during the summer.” Where there’s will, there’s way!
Eugeny was sure Eleonora would think of some clever solution, and he would be saved from Marina. There’s the whole summer ahead, and she might even change her mind, as girls do all the time! The main thing was to gain some time, and it seemed Eugeny had done that. He also made Marina promise not to tell anybody about their ‘engagement’ and to keep away from him during his preparation for the diploma concert.
“That is, if you want me to play it at all! I need to concentrate on my music, so please, let’s not meet until the concert is played! I must be the best! I must play it the way nobody ever did. Do you understand?” And Marina reassured Eugeny that she did. She would have said anything to keep him tame.
The concert went even better than Eugeny could have expected. He played his part with such force and emotion that lots of the people in the audience cried. After the concert Eugeny and his fellow graduates went to the Vorob’evy Gory near the University. This park-like hilltop overlooking the city was a popular place for the student parties. They spent all the night there, singing, playing guitar, dancing, and laughing a lot. Everybody was so happy. Eugeny was at his best that night. He sang the old songs, which his mother used to sing for him in his childhood, he danced, and of course he played the guitar beautifully.
“You should have taken the guitar as your speciality,” a fellow student said.
They made Eugeny play and sing some more, and everybody just sat there and listened. When he played the old gipsy songs, looking a bit like a gypsy himself with his dark hair and large brown eyes, nobody could remain indifferent! Singing in his deep voice, so full of emotion, and embodying the gypsy passion, he lived the part.
Next day Eugeny left for Leningrad. He felt relieved and happy. Everything seemed to work well, he played his part of the concert and received the highest grade, plus the public appraisal that was so important for him. Also, he had managed to postpone the settlement of the ‘Marina crisis’ until autumn. Hopefully, she would forget about him during this time. But if she didn’t, Eleonora would help him out. This thought made Eugeny even happier, he was going home, he was going to see his family.


~***~


Chapter 32
Summer 1968, Sochi
Felix and Eugeny

Back in Leningrad the summer was reluctant to begin, even June had been cool and rainy. When Eugeny came back from the hot and stuffy Moscow, where the new leaves had already started to fade, he was pleased to see fresh green trees and grass everywhere. He and Felix went to the dacha for the whole weekend and spent most of the time in bed, only venturing out for occasional walks by the sea.
Only after returning from Komarovo did Eugeny tell Felix and Eleonora about Marina and the danger she presented. “She thinks we are engaged, and I couldn’t make her change her mind, I didn’t know how! I was so afraid she would find out about us!”
Eleonora said that they would do something about it when Eugeny and Felix came back from Sochi. In the meantime, there was no direct danger from the girl. “I hope she’ll cool down during the summer,” Eleonora told Felix, when they were alone in the room. “But if she doesn’t we’ll have to instruct Zhenya how to behave. He’d have to be as indifferent and discouraging as he can. If she comes to Leningrad, I’ll talk to her and explain that it’s far too early for Zhenya to think about marriage. I can even talk to her parents if need be. The main thing for you is to keep the boy happy and unstressed. I think he could be a problem under stress! Remember his father and his fits of rage? We certainly don’t want any of those.”
Felix reassured his mother that he would take care of Eugeny. That was what he wanted to do, to protect his young lover from all the hardships and cruelty of the world. Eugeny was so tender, so vulnerable, so easily spooked. But somewhere deep inside Felix realised that the young man had a double personality, a nice side when things went well, and a nasty side when under threat. It was this nasty side that could emerge in stressful circumstances and cause trouble for the family. Felix had seen that other Eugeny just the once, on the night that both Gregory and Klava died, and he wouldn’t like to see it again.
Finally everything was ready for the Sochi tour. Felix had even better contracts for the current summer, as the band had gained a good reputation. This year Felix decided to put more responsibility on Eugeny. He wanted Eugeny to show the best of his talent. In two new programmes, which Felix was going to try, Eugeny was supposed to play several instruments and to showcase his singing. This involved a lot of hard work, with daily rehearsals, and Felix was confident that Eugeny would have no time to think about Marina and all that nonsense.
It was raining when the band left for Sochi. “Make the most of the weather there, at the Black Sea!” Kira said. “It looks like we’re not going to have any summer here. If it’s really that bad, I might have to join you in Sochi after all!”
“Don’t even think about it,” Eugeny said, trying to be strict with his little sister. “You have a demanding summer programme, with all those musical pieces to learn. You need to work, work, and work! And then you’ll be as successful as your brother!” They all laughed, as Kira didn’t really need to be reminded of the importance of working hard, as she was very determined to become famous. Still laughing and joking, the musicians loaded their musical instruments on the train and in a couple of minutes they were on their way to the South.
In Sochi Felix had booked the same hotel suite that they had the previous year, just for himself and Eugeny. They were away from the rest of the group, closer to the sea. The hotels in that part of Sochi were grandiose, with columns and mosaic floors, and gardens planted with palm trees and exotic flowers. They looked like the palaces from the Arabian Tales, and it was a bit strange to see ordinary men and women around.
One of the contracts Felix had for the summer was playing dance music at the very same hotel that he and Eugeny were staying. In the evenings the holidaymakers often felt bored and looked for something more exciting. There were lots of single women and much less single men. But there were enough of both sexes for some holiday romance. And where was the best place to meet new people? Of course, on the dance floor!
Felix’s group catered for all age groups and different tastes. The musicians were good natured, and told jokes that made the people laugh. Besides, some of them were very good looking, and this fact brought a lot of young women to the dance floor every evening. Eugeny was the favourite, and when he sang his repertoire of modern songs and gipsy ballads, each number was followed by enthusiastic applause. They wouldn’t let him go, so it was often problematic to sneak away after the programme and avoid the sex crazed girls.
Felix helped by diverting the audience’s attention whilst Eugeny slipped away via the backstage to their room. None of the audience knew that their favourite actually lived at that very hotel, and the other musicians kept their mouths shut. Eugeny spread the rumour about his engagement to a girl in Moscow; he hoped that it might help him to discourage amorous advances from the women. Every evening he devoted a song to his ‘dearest fiancée’, which made most of the audience cry, and in that way he tried to convince everybody that there was a woman in his life.
In the daytime Felix liked spending time at the beach, sunbathing and swimming in the warm sea. He remembered from the previous year that Eugeny was always eager to keep his company. Strangely, this time Eugeny was not in a hurry to join Felix at the beach. He found excuses every day, avoiding a visit to the beach. He preferred to stay in the shade, under the trees in the park. By the end of the first week, Eugeny was still pale, and Felix had to force him to do a bit of sunbathing. Eugeny followed Felix to the beach, but he didn’t stay long and soon retreated to the shadows again, with the excuse of the sunshine being too strong for him.
Soon Felix realised what Eugeny’s problem was: the girls!  Eugeny was trying to escape from the unwanted attention of the young female fans. Felix didn’t have his wife with him that year, and he also experienced some amorous encounters with lonely women. It was difficult to be uninvolved, as people would expect any normal man to flirt and enjoy the company of all these attractive young women. Something had to be done about it, they couldn’t keep hiding until the end of the summer. Felix thought it over and came up with a plan. He and Eugeny would find two girls, ideally two friends. They should be the short stay visitors: those who only came for two weeks at the most. Then both men would flirt with the two girls, inviting them for walks, to the cafes, taking them dancing floor at their hotel, but nothing very intimate. The main thing was to act slowly, take their time. So that the girls would be gone before the relationship could develop into something serious. After the girls were gone, the two men could take some days off looking around for substitutes, and then follow the same plan. Eugeny loved the plan, and the two lovers started working on it the same evening.
The first pair of women they picked were both in their thirties and not particularly attractive and were suitably undemanding. They came to Sochi with a group of tourists, and were moving on in a week’s time. Felix asked one of the girls for a dance while Eugeny was singing. He bought drinks for her and her friend, and when Eugeny had a break he joined the three of them and was introduced to the girls. Needless to say, the two lucky women were over the moon with happiness as everybody envied them, dancing and drinking with the most popular men of the whole resort!
Felix’s plan worked perfectly. Eugeny was afraid to meet the woman on his own, and they always went out as a group. The girls weren’t easily put off, and they were always ready for more action. But the men just went on with flirting and being nice, dancing and buying drinks – nobody could suspect them of being anything but ordinary men on a holiday. In a week the girls were gone. Felix and Eugeny had a grandiose celebration that night. They went far away, to the mountains, where Felix had spotted a nice restaurant. It was small and off the tourist routes, and not known to many visitors. The food was delicious, and the wines that came from the winery next door, were of outstanding quality. The place was run by an old Georgian and his wife, and they knew how to treat their guests.
Felix and Eugeny were placed at a table on a small balcony overlooking the sea below. The view was breathtaking, with the dark blue and green waves, crowned with white caps, dashing on the distant rocks with a soft roar. The two lovers enjoyed the view and the food for several hours, they were not in any hurry. They had two bottles of wine, which was so good that it was a shame to gulp it down with the food – such wine should be drunk on its own as special treat. The dinner was followed with fruit. Then the Georgian brought a guitar and sat nearby, plucking the strings and softly murmuring some native melody. The whole atmosphere of the evening was magic.
When the old man put the instrument aside, Eugeny asked if he could try and play something. “This is a very old guitar,” the Georgian said, “It belonged to my grandfather. I only play it on special occasions, like today. You know, I can sense good people, and I like you two. Take the guitar, young man. Show us what you can do with it.” He passed the instrument to Eugeny, who took it carefully and with respect. The guitar was light and it seemed to sound even when he barely touched it. This instrument had a life of its own, and it could choose in whose hands it wanted to sing.
Eugeny touched the strings ever so softly, and the passion of the sound filled the empty silence of the black Southern night. He started playing an old Georgian song, Suliko, the one Eleonora had taught him on the piano when he was just a boy of ten. The song sounded different on the guitar, and Eugeny was carried away by the rich sound that the seven strings produced. It was not long before the old Georgian joined, singing in his native language, and in a minute his wife followed. Eugeny started singing in Russian, and the two languages, accompanied by the magic voice of the old guitar, made the traditional Georgian song unusually full of life. It drifted in the air to the black sky full of stars and down to the rocking sea, and it was so natural, so part of the night!
Eugeny finished playing, and gently put the guitar down. The old Georgian hugged him tightly and kissed him on both cheeks, tears running down the old man’s wrinkled face.  “Thank you, son!” He managed to say. “Thank you for this miracle! You are a real Georgian, no matter where you were born. I haven’t heard a better performance of this song since my grandfather died. You are a genius! Come, you must have more of my special wine. And it’s on the house!” He pulled Eugeny, who was laughing happily, into the dimly lit room, with Felix close on their heels. Felix was also overwhelmed by Eugeny’s performance. They all spent more time drinking the wonderful wine, singing and talking. It was nearly dawn when Eugeny and Felix finally set on their way back to the hotel. They were drunk, but only slightly, such was the effect of the special wine they had been drinking. The old Georgian made them promise that they would come again soon.
“We must include Suliko in the programme,” Felix said. “You sounded wonderful, so genuinely Georgian! The people here might take you for the local!” He kissed Eugeny tenderly on the lips. “You are my treasure, my genius-boy!” He kissed Eugeny again, and both of them began caressing each other with tenderness and affection. They gently broke off the embrace and walked back to the hotel, where they could spend the rest of the night together.


~***~


Chapter 33
Summer 1968, Leningrad, Sochi
Marina

The news about Marina’s disappearance spread slowly and didn’t reach Moscow until autumn, because Marina had been very secretive about her personal affairs. Her idea was to follow Eugeny to Leningrad, and devote the whole summer there to stalking him. She had planned to run into Eugeny, posing as if it were a chance meeting, and to keep running into him, until he accepted the fact that she was around and agreed to meet her socially. Marina was so self-assured, that she could never think of the possibility that Eugeny might not like to see her. She thought that he was too old-fashioned and shy with women. But she wanted him, and was determined to bed him. When he became her lover, it would be so much easier to manipulate him. Maybe she would even get pregnant! He would never be able to abandon her then, and they would be sure to get married.
Marina’s parents didn’t know about Eugeny, so when she hinted regarding the prospect of meeting her mum and dad it was a bizarre bluff. Her father was a Communist party functionalist and occupied the high post of the First Secretary of the District Committee in Moscow. Every town and city and every region in the countryside was divided into districts, each of which had a Secretary who was responsible for the area’s political stability. In other words, each District Secretary was the ‘baron’ of their territory, controlling everything that fell within their domain. Marina’s family were treated like royalty.
 Marina was so used to having all her wishes fulfilled, that she couldn’t really take ‘No’ for an answer. She wanted Eugeny, and she would have him. She was smart enough, though, not to get her father involved. He could spoil the whole thing. Marina’s mother also didn’t have a clue about her daughter’s interest in Eugeny. Actually, she was planning a ‘suitable’ marriage, and already had plans to introduce Marina to a suitable young man.
Marina knew about her mother’s plans, but she had her own ideas. The suitable young man was arrogant and stupid and stingy, and too short. He also dated with up to half a dozen girls at the same time – one of them was Marina’s friend, and that was how she knew about his antics. Of course her mother wasn’t aware of his outrageous behaviour and didn’t regard height as important, but it was vitally important for Marina. She would never go out with a man shorter than her!
It was necessary to act with discretion, so her parents wouldn’t suspect anything. Marina made a plan, according to which she would spend a couple of months in Leningrad, taking singing lessons with Eleonora Kaplan – who was still fondly remembered by the senior generation, including Marina’s mother. So it was not hard for Marina to persuade her parents that it might be a chance to develop her singing talents, which had been largely hidden until that time.
Marina had letters of recommendation from her teachers and planned to present them to Eleonora. She wasn’t going to spend too much time doing her lessons, in fact, she wasn’t even sure that Eleonora would agree to give her the lessons. It didn’t matter, the main thing was to make her mother and father believe in her plans. She knew that the old singer lived next door to Eugeny, and that was the reason of her sudden interest in singing. She would have a perfect pretence for visiting the house where Eugeny lived, and would maximise her contact with him.
Marina’s parents arranged for their daughter to stay with a relative, but the girl had her own ideas. What would be the use of staying with some boring old relative, who would be checking her every move and reporting back to the mother? No, her idea was to stay in the hostel for conservatoire graduate students, where she could be in the ‘right atmosphere’. Seeing that her parents were reluctant to let her stay on her own, she persuaded one of her friends, the trusted Galina, to be her flatmate in Leningrad. The expenses, of course, would be paid by Marina’s father. Galina was only too happy to go to Leningrad and have a free holiday, so Marina’s plan was accepted.
The girls arrived in Leningrad and went straight to the hostel to unpack and settle in. The room was small, but had a window that faced the Neva river, and the view was really striking. Even Marina, for whom the beauty of the city was the last thing on her mind, was in awe.
“Look, what a view! Aren’t you lucky? Enjoy the city, you can go sightseeing right now!” Marina laughed and hugged her friend, who couldn’t quite find suitable words of admiration and gratitude. Marina then changed into one of her new and fashionable dresses, and went out.
It wasn’t hard to find the building where Eugeny lived. It was a nice old block of apartments, with high windows and an impressive portal. There were several benches under the trees near the entrance, and Marina decided to sit down and talk to whoever came along. She knew that people often talked openly to strangers and would sometimes tell lots of interesting things. It was just a matter of asking the right questions and listening.
Soon enough a couple of elderly people emerged from the entrance door. They passed by, looking at Marina briefly, and went on their way. It was late afternoon, and most of the people would be at work, but this suited Marina as she knew that the best gossipers were old women, who could be around at any time of the day. So she waited for an old lady or two to appear. In about an hour, just as the waiting was becoming boring, there was some movement at the entrance and Marina saw a wheelchair, which was pushed by a middle-aged woman in some sort of a uniform. Marina had never really seen people in wheelchairs before, and was genuinely interested. The uniformed woman, apparently a carer, pushed the chair across the threshold, and as she did so, one of the wheels got trapped in a narrow groove. Marina quickly stood up and went across to help the carer to move the chair. The two of them managed to free the wheelchair and pushed it out of the doorway, into the open street.
“It must be difficult to handle the wheelchair!” Marina tried to start a conversation, but the carer, after thanking her politely, quietly pushed the wheelchair to a bench under the trees. Then she checked on the lady in the wheelchair and went back into the building. The lady in the wheelchair remained sitting under the tree, and Marina decided that it could be a good chance to seek some gossip. She approached the bench and sat down.
“Do you mind if I sit here by you?” Marina asked.
“No, not at all,” the lady answered and turned to look at Marina.
Marina guessed that the lady in the wheelchair was in her thirties. She had a pale thin lightly made-up face, with translucent smoke-grey eyes, and neatly groomed light-brown hair.
“I’m looking for a room to rent,” Marina was improvised, trying to interest the lady. “Do you know if there are rooms to let in this house?”
Instead of answering the question, the lady asked, “Where are you from?”
It was so unexpected, that Marina couldn’t think of a good story and answered, “Moscow”.
“Why do you want to rent a room?” Asked the lady. She seemed interested in Marina, who frantically searched for a good answer, but could think of nothing very clever.
“I, eh . . . I came to take some musical lessons, and I need to stay somewhere for a couple of weeks.” She finally answered.
“Musical lessons? That’s interesting! What instrument do you play? My mother-in-law is a musician, and she gives musical lessons on the piano.”
“Oh, what a coincidence!” answered Marina. “I play a violin, and I would like to learn to play a guitar.” Still improvising she asked, “Does your mother-in-law live near here?”
“Yes, I live with my husband, my daughter, and my mother-in-law. I’m so lucky to have such a loving family! In my condition many women stay in the hospitals with no fresh air and no proper attention or care. And I have a personal carer, you’ve seen her. She’s a nice woman, so helpful. She’s gone back to the apartment to arrange my bed and make my tea.” The woman talked eagerly, it was clear that she didn’t have enough communication in her everyday life.
“By the way,” she said. “I’m Svetlana. And you?”
“I’m Marina,” the girl answered. “So, what about the rooms to let?” Marina went back to her initial question. “Are there any in this part of the building?”
“No, there are no rooms to let,” answered Svetlana. “I know all the residents, nobody is letting a room. You would do better to buy a newspaper and look at the adverts. It would be more efficient than asking around.”
“Yes, thank you, I’ll do that,” said Marina. She didn’t know how to continue the conversation. This woman’s mother-in-law was a musician. It must be Eleonora Kaplan! There could hardly be two lady musicians living in the same small apartment block. And if Svetlana was really Eleonora Kaplan’s daughter-in-law, then Marina couldn’t pretend to come for her singing lessons, because Svetlana would recognise her. What bad luck! What can I do to use this situation to my advantage, Marina thought. Why not ask a direct question about Eugeny? It couldn’t hurt, as I’m going to see him soon anyway.
“By the way,” Marina asked, “a friend of mine lives in this house, if I remember right. He’s also a musician. We studied together in Moscow. His name is Eugeny, maybe you know him?” She was waiting for an answer with such eagerness that Svetlana laughed.
“Ah, that’s what has brought you to our area! Zhenya! Of course I know him, he’s our neighbour. But he’s not here at the moment.”
Marina was so astonished that she forgot about her pretext of looking for a room to rent. “What do you mean, not here? Where is he then? “
“He’s on a tour, with my husband. They go on a tour every year, they have a very good band! And Zhenya also sings beautifully. Last year we went all together: my husband, myself, and my daughter. But this year we stayed, because I don’t like it too hot. Besides, we have a dacha in Komarovo, and . . . “
Marina impatiently interrupted the monologue. 
“Where? Where did they go on a tour?” 
“To Sochi! It was such a success last year, that they decided to go again.” Svetlana was much more eager to talk with the girl, who wasn’t a complete stranger, but actually had studied with Eugeny.
Marina didn’t want to talk any longer, she realised that Eugeny had deceived her! He was going to Sochi and never mentioned it to me. He said that we needed more time to think about our relationship and told me not to try to contact him during the summer. Now I know why! Because he was going to Sochi! He had no intentions of staying in Leningrad. He’s probably sleeping with the girls there! She couldn’t believe that she was the victim of such a hideous fraud. She was not used to being deceived, it was usually her that deceived others.
With tremendous effort Marina pulled herself together. This woman, Svetlana, she mustn’t realise that Marina had been looking for Eugeny. “Oh, Sochi, I like Sochi! We used to go there with my parents. I know Sochi. Where did you stay last year?” Marina asked, pretending to chatter happily.
Svetlana took the bait and began describing their holiday in Sochi, mentioning the name of the hotel. Marina stayed for another twenty minutes, and then left, saying she had to be on the move to look for the room. “Come again,” said Svetlana. “I always sit here under the trees if it’s not raining. It’s nice chattering with you! Hope you find a room nearby.” After Marina had left, Svetlana realised that she shouldn’t have mentioned Eugeny’s whereabouts to a nosy stranger, it was a silly thing to do. I won’t tell anyone about talking to her, she thought. I’ll pretend that I know nothing about her. Anyway, Eugeny might never know that I met her.
Marina left in such despair that she could hardly think where she was going, and what she was doing. She felt like crying and hurting somebody at the same time. Her wonderful plan was ruined now. Her trip to Leningrad was of no use at all. Eugeny was gone for the whole summer, and there was no way of confronting him. How could he have done it? How could he be so mean? There’s no excuse for such actions, he should be punished! I’ll make our relationship public, that’s what I’ll do! And everybody will see what a disloyal person he is!
It was getting darker, but still the evening was much lighter than in Moscow. In the first month of summer, at this latitude, it hardly got completely dark at night – Leningrad’s famous light nights. What a pleasure to wander along the streets and promenades, crossing the bridges across the river, kissing under the old streetlights – this is what she hoped to do, what she dreamed about . . . And now nothing! The whole summer was spoilt! No, I can’t admit defeat. All right, I’m challenged, I’ll answer the challenge! Eugeny has left for Sochi? I’ll go to Sochi after him! And then they will see who has the last laugh!
Marina hurried to the hostel, praying for Galina to be there. Galina wasn’t. No wonder, it is still early, and she must still be sightseeing. Never mind, I’ll pack in the meantime. Oh, what about my parents? They would never let me go to Sochi on my own. But hopefully they would not find out, if my plan works. Marina’s parents were on a holiday in Karlovy Vary, in Czechoslovakia, and it was very difficult to call from abroad. They would return to Moscow at the end of August, and Marina was planning to be back by then. Her plan was to travel incognito, using Galina’s passport and identity on the trip to Sochi.
Galina came back and was very pleased with her tour around town. “It was so interesting! You must come with me tomorrow!” She told Marina, whilst unpacking some things that she had bought. “I’m planning to go on a river cruise tomorrow.” Then she remembered about Marina’s plans for the day. “How was your day? Did you arrange your lessons?” She looked up and saw immediately that her friend had something on her mind.
“What’s wrong? Marina, you must tell me, I promised your parents that we would be doing everything together, and I’d keep an eye on you!”
“Galya, only you can help me!” Marina knew how to make Galina cooperate. “You are my only hope. Something horrible has happened.” And Marina told Galina about her conversation with Svetlana, about Eugeny’s dreadful betrayal, and about the need to go to Sochi to find him and make him sorry. And, most important of all, about the passport. “Galya, I’ll have to borrow your passport to go to Sochi,” Marina told her bewildered friend. “I can’t go under my own name, as it is too well known, and my father would find out that I went to Sochi on my own. I can’t take you with me, as you have to stay in Leningrad in case my parents manage to contact you. You’ll stay with my passport and will tell everybody that you are me. Understand?”
Seeing that Galina was not quite getting the idea, Marina became angry. “Look, I take your passport, and I go to Sochi as Galina. You stay here in Leningrad as Marina. Nobody here in the hostel knows us. You will introduce yourself as Marina. If my parents call the hostel and ask about me, very well, you have to bullshit them that I am staying in the hostel and taking my lessons. Please, Galya! Help me!”
“But what if they find out? What if they call and ask to talk to you, how can I pretend to be you?” Galina protested, but she hadn’t said no, and that was good.
“You can pretend! Of course you can! Tell them that you’ve got a cold and talk low and in a hoarse voice. They won’t notice the difference, the telephone connection is horrible when calling long distance. Anyway, they shouldn’t call, we have agreed about everything, and it’s too hard to call from abroad.”
Finally, Galina agreed. Marina gave her quite a bit of spending money, to go to places and buy new clothes and good food, etc., and to stimulate some enthusiasm for the task! Marina was a grown-up woman who knew what she wanted, and if she was determined to go to Sochi, Galina couldn’t stop her.
Early next morning Marina left for the airport to catch the first plane to Sochi. The girls didn’t look at all alike, so Marina wore a blond wig to hide her brown hair, and used heavy bright-blue eye make-up around her brown eyes, so as to resemble her fair haired and blue eyed friend, Galina. Marina was quite a figure in her short skirt, bright-blue blouse, high-heeled sandals, and carrying a big red bag. This masquerade was devised so that people would not make any connection with Marina. Even if there was someone on the plane or at the airport who knew Marina, this disguise would throw them. Her own mother would have had difficulties in recognising her.
Marina boarded the plane with a sense of relief, she was finally on the way to Sochi. I’ll find Eugeny and ask him for an explanation. Who knows, he might even be glad to see me? If not, well, there is always a way if there is a will, isn’t there?
She arrived in Sochi in the late afternoon, when the sun was high and the shadows were short, when at its hottest. The airport is about 60km from Sochi, in the town of Adler. The highway to Sochi crossed the hills and was very twisty, in places even dangerous. Marina didn’t want to go by bus as they were slow and crowded with hot smelly people.  She was sweating in her wig and the make-up ran down her face, so she had to wipe it with a handkerchief every few minutes. The handkerchief, of course, soon looked dirty and disgusting.
Marina was desperate. She had been to the airport many times before, with her parents and they were always met by the local authorities. There were flowers and fruit and cold drinks, and they were taken to Sochi in a cool well ventilated Volga car. The trip was usually very pleasant, with a well trained chauffer to skilfully and smoothly pilot the car past the steep cliffs and deep gorges below. The mountains could be scary, but Marina had felt safe in the Volga, with her Mum and Dad by her side. Now it was all different. Nobody wanted to know her, the queue for the taxis was enormous and they were few and far between. She waited in the heat for nearly an hour, and even then the queue had barely moved.
It will take me ages to get a taxi, she thought. Something has to be done about it. But what?
Marina left her suitcase on the ground and walked slowly along the line of tired and sweaty people. She was trying to find somebody at the head of the queue who looked more or less friendly, with whom she could share a taxi and so jump the queue. She was prepared to pay the whole fare, if only somebody took her in the taxi with them. But all the people on the line looked hostile, and she didn’t dare to approach any of them.
When she came back to the place where she had left her suitcase, she found that it had been pushed out of the line, and now Marina wasn’t actually in the queue any longer. “I was standing here!” She protested and tried to get back in the line. “Don’t you remember me? I just walked along the line and came back! I was here, behind this woman in pink! I left my suitcase, why did you push it away?”
The fat woman in pink, to whom Marina had referred, turned and faced the girl. “You shouldn’t have left the queue! You think you are the smartest of all! Wanted to jump the queue! We are all smart here! Go, to the back again, serves you right!” and to make it worse, most of the people around agreed with the fat woman.
Marina felt so alienated and began to lose control, as if she was going to faint. Bastards! But there was nothing she could do. She dragged the heavy suitcase along the line to the back.
They have come here, to the South, to the sea, on holiday. They are supposed to be happy and carefree. Why are they treating me as an enemy? What’s wrong with them? I haven’t done anything bad to them, why do they hate me?
Marina was not used to mixing with the ordinary people. She didn’t have to go shopping or sit for hours in the outpatient hospital to see a doctor. She didn’t realise how difficult the life of an ordinary person was. For them there was always a problem of getting food, clothes, furniture. Ordinary people had invented their own system of ‘barter’ exchange:  a doctor would see you without a long waiting and would write you a sick note for work; a teacher would mark your son’s paper with the highest grade; a shop assistant would tell you when some good imported garments would be on sale in his department store and get you one; a mechanic would service your car; etc., you name it – in return to your little favour for them. You help me and I’ll help you; you scratch my back and I’ll scratch yours! And of course the daughter of a high-ranking party functionalist couldn’t even imagine how the majority of the people coped!  For most people the so-called communist system was one of oppression, queues, perennial short supply, and rampant corruption!
She was alone, among hostile strangers, at the airport, at four o’clock on a hot day in July, and there was no way of changing anything. There was no question of going to the hotel, the hotels had been all booked long before the season started, there were no vacancies until the end of the autumn. Desperately, the girl dragged her suitcase away from the queue and sat down on it. She didn’t even see where she was sitting, which happened to be the driveway for the buses.
After around ten minutes of sitting in the middle of the road, she suddenly heard the noise of the motor and felt the heat coming from the engine. She looked up to see the bus, which had stopped right next to her, and the bus driver, who was leaning out of the door with an expression of pity and disgust on his face. “Well, there!” he said quite good naturedly. “Are you going to sit here till the next morning? Because if you are, I can go for a drink!” and he winked at her.
Marina jumped up, horrified. She could see a big crowd, not an even queue, of people waiting for the bus. There was no order in that crowd, everybody was waiting for the bus to arrive at the stop and open the doors. And then – like in nature – the fittest survive! They would kill her for delaying the bus! Marina started pulling her suitcase away from the driveway, apologising at the same time.
“Hey, girl,” the driver called from the open door of the bus, “you going to Sochi?” And when the girl nodded, he got off the bus and picked up her baggage. “Hop on then!”
Marina couldn’t believe her good fortune, she was on the bus and actually had a seat by the window, and her suitcase was in the baggage compartment! When the bus finally arrived at the stop, the driver got out and addressed the crowd.
“Listen all! The bus is not made of rubber, it won’t stretch. There are only as many places as there are. If you can’t find a seat, stay standing in the aisle. If there’s no room in the aisle, it means you can’t go by this bus. Is that understood? If you keep the doors from closing, I’ll keep waiting till you get off. The doors have to be closed, otherwise the bus is not going anywhere. Is that understood?”
The crowd expressed their comprehension, and the driver opened the doors. Marina had never experienced anything like that in her whole life. A crowd dashed to the doors trying to get through, pushing each other mercilessly, shouting and cursing, and actually, obstructing each other more than anything else. Somehow, with great difficulty, people started boarding the hot interior of the bus. No, Marina thought, the driver was wrong, this bus is made of rubber! She couldn’t imagine THAT many people inside a relatively small cabin. Most of the crowd managed to get in, and the few who were left out looked very disappointed, to say the least.
Finally, Marina thought, sitting in the window seat, pressed hard against the side of the vehicle by an enormous woman, who stank of sweat and garlic. We are about to leave.
But as it turned out, she was wrong. The wind-up was only just starting, the passengers had yet to pay for the trip. While the driver stood by the front door smoking, the conductor came along. She was a big woman with several chins hanging over her enormous bosoms, which in their turn lay cosily on her vast belly. It was impossible to imagine how a person of her girth was able to squeeze through in the packed bus. But again Marina had underestimated the human possibilities. The conductor made her way along the cabin, pushing through, and even making jokes about other people being too fat. Nobody complained, as they knew that the bus wouldn’t go anywhere until everybody had paid. Marina had lost track of the time. She had a feeling that she was being cooked alive and very slowly, she only hoped that this nightmare would end sometime soon. She had pulled her wig off, nobody was looking at her anyway, and her hair was all wet and plastered to her head as if she had had a shower. Most of the make-up was on her handkerchief, but whatever was left on her face made her look like a red Indian after a battle. But she didn’t care. After about another forty minutes the bus finally moved away from the station. Marina was on the way to Sochi.
Usually it took about an hour to get there by car, but the bus was much slower. This is never going to finish, Marina thought and tried not to breathe through her nose and to think of something good, which was very difficult.
When they finally arrived at the bus station in Sochi it was nearly dark. Marina hadn’t made any booking and it seemed that there was nowhere she could go, as there would be no vacancies in the hotels. She went to the station toilet to wash and change. Trying not to look at herself in the mirror, the girl washed her face and neck. Oh . . . the cold water, it feels so good! Then she opened her suitcase and got a fresh blouse and a skirt. She changed, putting her used clothes back into the suitcase. She tossed the wig on the top of the clothes.  Now she was ready to go out.
Marina decided to leave her baggage in the left luggage room, putting it in a locker. She bought a token that would pay for the use of the locker for a week. She thought that the suitcase would be secure here at the station, even if she had to rent a dodgy room. There were women at the station offering rooms to let, but Marina was not sure it would be safe. She decided to go find Eugeny first and then ‘play it by ear’.
She took a taxi and gave the driver the name of the hotel where Eugeny was staying. By then it was completely dark, and the streetlights were on. The taxi was taking Marina to her destination, and she looked around excitedly, breathing in the fresh sea air, which was such a relief after the stuffy bus. She looked at the nicely dressed people and imagined her meeting with Eugeny. He would be pleased to see me, she was sure. We might even spend the night together in his room! Yes, that’s what’s going to happen! Marina smiled happily, absorbed in her daydream. She didn’t notice when the car pulled up by the entrance of the hotel.
“Here you are, girl,” said the dark skinned, black moustached driver. “Enjoy your stay in Sochi! You look first class, take my word for it! That handbag of yours is something special!”
 Marina looked happy with the compliment. She knew that her clothes and her new red handbag were first class. Even the driver noticed!
“If you feel bored, call the taxi service and ask for Gogi. I’ll come in no time!” He winked at Marina good-naturedly, and she couldn’t help but laugh in return.
Marina entered the grand hall of the hotel. She had stayed here with her parents, and knew that it was very good but very expensive. She wanted to find Eugeny’s room number, so she went to the reception desk, passing the bar entrance on the way. There was music, laughter and loud voices coming from the open door of the bar, and Marina cast a casual glance at the dimly lit interior. What she saw made her stop, frozen to the spot.
* * *
Marina’s body was found next day by the early morning fishermen, who came to the pier to collect their nets, set up the day before in hope for a night catch. The news of a drowned girl immediately spread all over the city and became the subject of everybody’s discussion. There was no handbag found near the body, nor any documents on the dead girl. Her photo was shown on TV and in the local newspaper, but nobody came forward with any ideas of her identity, so the body was taken to the local morgue and left there. The cause of death was considered to be an accident, as there were no marks of violence on the girl’s body. There were some bruises on her arms and shoulders, but they could have been caused by the rocks. The case was closed; the local police had no interest, as it would be difficult to prove anything and they couldn’t even inform her family without someone to confirm her identity. People didn’t realise how dangerous the sea could be, they were not careful enough, sometimes falling in the sea from the pier or overestimating their swimming abilities.
Only in September was the case reopened. It happened after the local head of the police had a telephone call from Moscow Criminal Investigation Department (MCID). The daughter of an important Party official had gone missing, and it looked like she had been heading for Sochi when she was last seen. After comparing the photos of the missing girl and the drowned victim, they had suspicions that they might be the same person.


~***~


Chapter 34
Autumn 1968, Moscow, Leningrad
Galina

In Leningrad, Galina lived happily under Marina’s name and it never occurred to her to worry about her friend, but by the end of summer she became concerned. The girls had planned to leave Leningrad in the middle of August, and the train tickets had been booked in advance. As the date of the departure was approaching, Galina became more and more restless. She didn’t know when Marina would get back from Sochi, as she hadn’t heard from her friend since the day of her departure.
How am I supposed to go home without my passport? What does she think she is doing, leaving me here alone with her passport? Galina thought, getting even more agitated as she remembered different details of Marina’s wonderful ‘plan’. What shall I say to her parents? I have no idea where in Sochi she’s staying! Galina was close to panic. There was only one day left before their planned departure, and there was no sign of Marina. Galina had to make a decision. She would go to Moscow using Marina’s passport.
Galina arrived at the railway station, still hoping and praying that Marina would turn up. But no, there was no sign of Marina, so Galina boarded the train and found their two-berth compartment, for which Marina had paid a lot of money, so that they could travel in comfort. But now Marina was missing. For the first time Galina was really worried about her friend. What if something happened to Marina? Something bad? She tried not to think about it, but dreadful thoughts kept coming back.
The conductor came to check the tickets and was surprised to find out that one passenger was missing. “Why didn’t you return the ticket?” She asked with irritation. “There are people queuing for days to get a ticket, and you will be going alone in the compartment! Aren’t you ashamed?” Galina didn’t know what to say, as she couldn’t return the ticket without the missing passport. She certainly wasn’t ashamed, so she simply turned away and looked out the window. When left alone, she soon lay down on her berth, but couldn’t sleep the whole night.
On arriving in Moscow Galina went straight home, expecting there to be some news from Marina. There was none! Galina’s parents were glad to see their daughter looking so well, and nobody mentioned Marina at all. Galina called Marina’s apartment, but there was only the housekeeper, who answered the phone and said that both parents were still abroad, and Marina was due home that day. Galina gave her name and left a message for Marina to call back as soon as she returned.
There were no calls for two days, and then on the third day disaster struck. Marina’s parents came home, found out that Marina wasn’t there, and called Galina to find out what had happened to their daughter. Galina burbled some vague story that didn’t make any sense, and finally burst out crying. Overwhelmed with anxiety, Marina’s father came over in his car and took Galina back to his place, where the girl was confronted by both parents. She had to explain, had to justify giving Marina her passport, and letting her go to Sochi. There wasn’t an easy way out, she couldn’t cover for Marina’s dodgy plan any longer, and she became very frightened. Finally she broke down crying and began telling the true story. Marina’s parents listened in disbelief, then with growing concern, and finally with alarm. Their daughter’s ‘plan’, had obviously backfired.
When Galina had finished, there was silence for a couple of minutes, and then Marina’s mother cried out, “Where is my daughter? How could you let her go? What kind of friend are you! If something has happened to my Marinochka, you will be responsible!” Reaching ‘the end of her tether’, she started sobbing desperately, and Galina followed suit. I know it was partly my fault, but I can’t take full responsibility, after all it was Marina’s plan not mine! Deeply distressed she desperately prayed, Please, God, let Marina return home!
Marina’s father had more common sense. He left the two women crying and went off to make a phone call. In less than half an hour a plain clothes policeman came over. It was a detective from MCID, Major Barsukov, a personal friend of Marina’s father. He was a good criminal investigator and had solved a lot of complex cases during his career; but equally important was that he could be relied upon to be discreet. Marina’s father could trust him with all the details, and be sure that nothing of this would leak out.
The Major waited till the women had stopped crying and asked Galina to follow him to another room. He gave her some water to drink and let her sit on the comfortable sofa until she calmed down. Then he sat in the armchair facing her, and began his questions. “Galya, I know that you were in a very difficult situation. You couldn’t refuse your friend when she asked to borrow your passport. I know, you didn’t want to do it, but she must have begged you and nagged you, and you gave in. Am I right?” Major Barsukov was really a master of interrogation, a real professional, who knew how to make a witness relax and trust him.
His tactics worked well, as Galina immediately began speaking. There was nothing she wanted more than to tell the truth and help find Marina. Galina started pouring out all the details and Barsukov hardly had time to make notes. When the girl mentioned Eugeny, the major stopped her and took some time eliciting all the details about the young man. After that Galina went on uninterrupted, until she mentioned Marina’s trip to Eugeny’s place and her conversation with a paralysed woman. Again the major stopped her and asked some detailed questions, but Galina couldn’t give him any more information about that woman. “She was some kind of a neighbour or friend, I’m not sure”, Galina remembered, “and she gave Marina Eugeny’s address in Sochi. I mean, his hotel’s address.” After that there wasn’t much to add. Galina mentioned again that Marina was using her passport, which caused another bust of tears.
Major Barsukov was satisfied with his questioning of Galina. He had found out all he needed at that stage. Now the investigation would focus on Leningrad. He couldn’t go to Leningrad himself. First of all, he was too busy with other cases and couldn’t just give them all up and go away. Second and even more important, the investigation had to be carried on as discretely as possible – this was required by Marina’s father. For a major to be involved would be too conspicuous, as routine work would normally be carried out by more junior ranks. Somebody else had to go to Leningrad and carry on with the enquiries. Somebody who the major could trust. He chose Lieutenant Vadim Vasin for this important mission.
* * *
After Vadim returned to Moscow and gave his detailed report to Barsukov, the Major had a hard conversation with Marina’s parents. They became hysterical, and the father shouted, “The bastard who did it must be brought to me at once!” However, no one could be brought to Marina’s dad, the cause of her death was presumed to be an accident. Another post-mortem, which was conducted by the specialists in Moscow, didn’t show anything new. The girl had presumably drowned in the sea, but how was never going to be discovered. There was no evidence of homicide, and unless they had a witness, who would confirm seeing Marina being pushed in the water, there was no way of reopening the case.


~***~


Part Four


Chapter 35
March 1992, St Petersburg, Komarovo
Felix

24th March, afternoon
Felix was in a hurry. He had received a call from Komarovo, from Eleonora who was feeling unwell, and he promised to be with her shortly. Eugeny had left by train earlier, but Felix had some errands to run in St Petersburg, and would drive to Komarovo later in the afternoon and meet up with Eugeny. It was a winter day and the weather was getting worse by the minute. Felix didn’t like driving in wintry weather, he preferred to take a train to the dacha if it was snowing or slippery. But that day he had no choice, there was too much to do in St Petersburg, and he wouldn’t manage to get to the dacha by the end of the day unless he drove there.
Felix managed to get everything done, and set off for Komarovo late in the afternoon, later than he had intended. He concentrated on the nearly empty road, trying not to think about the things that had been nagging at him for days. However, the thoughts wouldn’t go away. Eleonora . . . she has been so poorly lately. She has become so frail and thin . . . only her dark eyes seem to retain their former magic . . . charm and beauty . . . her wisdom. Her heart is getting weaker, she has already had two heart attacks and any even minor worry can kill her. I should probably bring her back home, away from Komarovo, away from Svetlana . . . Oh, and Svetlana . . .
Svetlana’s mental health had been deteriorating for months, perhaps even for years, but everybody in the family preferred to pretend she was normal, and treated her as such. It would have been better to put her in a hospital or sanatorium, but of course that might have been risky as she might have started talking. Svetlana was like a time bomb, she knew all the family secrets and she was gradually going mad, unaware of what she was doing. She could have revealed their secrets to anyone without any intention to harm the family. So when Svetlana went missing, and was luckily retrieved by a local policeman, Felix realised that the time had come to accept the truth: Svetlana had become dangerous. She could no longer stay in St Petersburg, where she could blab and reveal the family secrets. So the decision had been taken to move her to Komarovo. Eleonora had to go too, as it would have been too dangerous to leave Svetlana alone with the carer.
Felix concentrated hard on the road, as the weather had deteriorated and the hazardous conditions demanded his full attention. Also, the light was fading and it was getting dark quickly. The worst driving situation one could imagine:  twilight, snow, and ice. Felix hated driving in the dying light of the day, it made him nervous even without the freezing conditions. He tried to relax and think that he would be home soon and see Eugeny.
However, thinking about Eugeny didn’t make him feel good. On the contrary, it added to his anxiety. Eugeny had been behaving strangely lately. Yes, Felix had to admit that there had been times when things seemed to be out of control. He remembered how scared he became when Kira called from Moscow and told him about the old woman, Tatyana Petrovna. He feared that revealing the news about the ‘dangerous’ old woman would make Eugeny go mad and loose control. It hadn’t happened for years, Eugeny seemed to be in control all the time, and Felix thought that maybe Eugeny had recovered completely and had left all his spells of insanity behind. That was why, after the news from Moscow had reached them, Felix couldn’t let Eugeny know about it, for fear that it would bring on a hysterical outburst. Thank God, Kira and Slava managed to straighten everything out with the old lady. Tatyana Petrovna believed that Slava was Kira’s husband, and she only mentioned Eugeny as a brother. I don’t think that the old woman will start talking about Kira’s ‘brother’.
Felix hoped that Eugeny had already arrived in Komarovo, that the weather hadn’t detained him. Felix was anticipating a quiet evening with his family: good food, a glass of nice wine, the warmth of the fire, soft music . . . Suddenly his car pulled to the left, and he had to struggle to keep control. Luckily, the road was empty, otherwise there could have been a nasty accident. Felix stopped on the hard shoulder and got out of the car. The cold damp wind immediately pounced, pulling at his coat, ruffling his hair, and freezing his face.
The front left tyre was flat. Felix found a spare in the boot, but he wasn’t very good at changing a wheel. He didn’t expect that a passing driver would stop and help. He knew that hardly anybody ever stopped to help a stranger, who could rob or even kill the ‘good Samaritan’. It was actually equally risky for both parties, so Felix didn’t mind when an occasional car whooshed past him with a trailing cloud of slushy water. He had to change the wheel himself. Felix opened the boot and started taking out all the necessary tools, thinking of how late he would be, and how nervous Eugeny might become.
It took Felix longer than he had anticipated to change the wheel, and by the time the car was driveable, it was completely dark. Felix was tired beyond imagination, his hands and knees trembling, his face dirty, his clothes wet and messy. Several cars had passed, but as Felix had suspected, none of them stopped to offer help. With the car finally fixed, he proceeded on his way to Komarovo, though driving had become really difficult with his hands and feet feeling weak and clumsy.
When Felix finally pulled into the driveway he found the house all dark, which was surprising and alarming, as all the members of the family were supposed to be at home. Dreading that something had happened to Eleonora, Felix opened the front door and turned on the wall lights. Everything was quiet, not a sound coming from the upper floor, where all the bedrooms were located. Felix ran upstairs, hoping that perhaps everybody had tired of waiting for him and gone to bed. He tried his mother’s room first. Eleonora was in bed, asleep, but she opened her eyes at the noise and switched on the side lamp to look at her son.
“Felix, here you are, finally! I was waiting for you. Something has happened, I could hear the noise from Svetlana’s room. I couldn’t get out of bed, I had been sedated. Zhenya was there with Svetlana, and he was shouting, and she was screaming! I think I fainted. Oh, Felix! I don’t know what happened!”
“Calm down, Mum. What do you mean, you were sedated? Did you have an ambulance? Did you feel bad again?” Felix kneeled by his mother’s bed and clasped her hands.
Eleonora’s fragile fingers were cold and damp. Her face was very pale, with dark circles round her eyes and thin blue veins pulsing frantically on the forehead and temples. She clutched her son’s hands with unexpected force and spoke again. “I had a bad chest spasm, and the carer called an ambulance. It was in the daytime, just after I spoke to you, and you said you were on the way. Svetlana had run away again, and there was this man, a policeman, who had brought her back. He came to talk to me. I recognised him. He had come to see us that summer, remember, when Marina disappeared. Then I fainted, and the carer called an ambulance. I slept, but I woke up to the noise from the room next door. Something terrible has happened there!”
Felix suddenly felt the grip of panic, which overrode all his other emotions and constricted his chest, making it difficult to breathe. Not a sound was coming from the other room, where Eugeny and Svetlana were. Had they had a fight and then fallen asleep? Felix knew that he had to go to that room, but he was afraid to.
Eleonora could clearly see her son’s suffering and she wished she could help him, as she had always done during their life together, but there was nothing a sick old woman could do. Her face spoke for itself, You should go on your own this time son. Your mummy is of no help anymore. Though not a word had passed between the two, they understood each other perfectly. Felix looked back at his mother and she closed her eyes as if giving him her blessing. He turned away from the bed and walked out the room.
Svetlana’s bedroom was quiet and dark, and Felix paused on the threshold one last moment to concentrate and prepare himself for what he might see inside. Then he quickly pushed the door open, walked into the room and flipped the wall switch, flooding the room with a merciless light. Felix was seized with panic at the horrific scene before him. A primal fear that left him weak and covered in a cold sweat, unable to think clearly, unable even to stand up. His legs became weak and wobbly, and Felix dropped on his knees. It was a déjà vu . . .


~***~


Chapter 36
Summer 1968, Sochi
Felix

Felix’s strategy for dealing with amorous girls seemed to be working, and the lovers didn’t have to constantly worry about being discovered. Eugeny didn’t panic every time a woman addressed him, he even started joking and flirting with the ladies. They were in the middle of their third relationship with the tourists from Riga, two beautiful blonde girls, when a disaster struck.
After their performance at the hotel the two men sat in the bar, relaxing and drinking champagne with their lady friends. It seemed to be a perfect evening, and from there they had planned to go to the promenade for a little stroll before parting for the night. Or at least the men knew they would sleep separate form their occasional dates, the girls were probably thinking differently. Suddenly, a slim, pretty, dark-haired girl appeared at the door, and after a slight hesitation, quickly crossed the room and approached them. She stopped in front of Eugeny, glaring at him, her lips trembling. Eugeny looked up still smiling, and suddenly all the blood drained from his face.
 “That’s your way of being decent! That’s why you wanted me to stay away from you!” The girl sounded hysterical but because of the noise in the bar, where everybody seemed to be shouting or laughing loudly, nobody paid any attention. 
Felix tried to figure out what was going on.  It must be Marina, he guessed. How did she get here? She was supposed to stay in Moscow! Oh, poor Zhenya. All these thoughts crowded his mind, but he acted fast, ushering the Latvian girls out of the bar, as if Eugeny had nothing to do with them.
Felix left Eugeny with Marina, and when he returned after 15 minutes they had disappeared. He looked everywhere in the restaurant, but Eugeny and Marina were gone. Full of foreboding, Felix walked along the promenade hoping to spot them.
Hour after hour passed, but still there was no sign of Eugeny. Felix was really frightened; what if Eugeny had panicked and flown back to Leningrad? The whole programme in Sochi would be under threat, as Eugeny was the solo singer. Felix remembered the previous year, when Eugeny had disappeared for the whole night. They still hadn’t found out where he was that night, and Eugeny himself couldn’t remember. But it had something to do with the girls that he had met the day before. What if Eugeny had run away frightened by Marina’s arrival?
By the first light of dawn, Felix was almost out of his mind with anxiety. He had searched the park and the promenade, he had walked up and down the beach in both directions, but Eugeny was nowhere to be seen. Felix was about to give up, when he spotted something dark on the pebbles by the sea. It looked like a human figure. Felix nervously approached it, his legs shaking so badly that he could hardly walk. It was a man, all wet and dishevelled, as if he had been in the water some time before being washed up. Felix dropped on his knees, sobbing uncontrollably, not daring to move the wet clothes and look at the man’s face.
Was it Eugeny? Had he drowned himself, not being able to cope with the horrible situation?  Please, please, God, don’t let it be him! Felix didn’t know how long he had spent kneeling on the pebbles, but his legs were numb and wet as the waves reached him. The water also reached the body and rocked it around, as if the man was trying to get up. Or was he really? Yes, the figure suddenly pulled away from the water and sat up.
It was Eugeny! And he was alive! Felix couldn’t express how happy he felt. He tried to stand up, but his legs collapsed under him and he fell on the cold pebbles, hitting his shoulder. Eugeny was standing by then, looking dazed and uncertain, as if he was drunk. “Zhenya!” Felix cried out, still struggling to stand up. “Zhenya, I’m here! I’ve come for you! Come to me!”
Eugeny turned slowly towards Felix, and then his face seemed to light up. He stood looking at Felix for a time, then moved slowly to him and crouched nearby, touching Felix’s hair with the tips of his fingers. Eugeny’s face was terribly pale, his hair wet and dripping, so were his clothes. “What is it?” Eugeny managed to say, his lips blue with cold. “What are we doing here, Felix? I’m cold! I don’t want to be here!” He was about to break into hysterics, Felix could see the signs and quickly got hold of Eugeny.
“We’re going home in a minute. You’ll have a hot bath and go to bed.” Felix managed to stand up and helped Eugeny up too. Then they walked slowly to the hotel.
Eugeny slept through the whole morning and most of the afternoon. His condition reminded Felix of the incident that had happened the previous year. At that time he didn’t press Eugeny about what had happened, as he thought that his young lover was upset about their little misunderstanding and had stayed out all night to make him, Felix, worry. Now it was different. The thing that had provoked Eugeny’s disappearance was Marina’s sudden arrival. So what happened after Eugeny took Marina away from the bar? Where did they go? Where was Marina now? And why was Eugeny lying on the beach in the water? Felix wanted to know the answer to these questions, and he was determined to get them from Eugeny later. In the late afternoon, Felix woke Eugeny.
“Wake up, my love, it’s time. You’ve been sleeping for more than ten hours. We must get you ready for the concert”. Felix was tender but firm, and Eugeny had to open his eyes, even if reluctantly.
Eugeny sat up in the bed, looking displeased with the whole world. “What do you mean, I slept for more than ten hours? Why didn’t you wake me up?” He winced and touched his head. “Ouch! My head! Had I been drinking?”
“Not to my knowledge. You had a glass of champagne with me. But I don’t know if you were drinking with Marina”. Felix never took his eyes off Eugeny’s face, and he noticed what effect the name Marina had on his friend. It was as if a little boy had seen a monster from his dreams: Eugeny suddenly backed up with such a force that his head bumped on the wall with a thud, and his mouth opened as if to utter a scream, but he remained silent. There was horror in his eyes, and he was so desperate that Felix reached out and embraced him tightly.
“There, there, calm down, my dear. There’s nothing to be afraid of. You tell me what happened, and I’ll do everything to help you. I promise.” Felix whispered these soothing words, whilst holding Eugeny and stroking his head, his back, his arms, as Eugeny’s whole body shook uncontrollably. It took Felix about an hour to calm Eugeny, before he could proceed with some questions.
With both of them more relaxed and calm, they sat on the bed sipping some cold white wine, which Felix got from the fridge. Eugeny leaned back on the pillows and closed his eyes.
“I don’t know what to say,” he began after a pause. “I don’t remember anything at all. I mean, I remember seeing that horrible woman, it was like a nightmare come to reality! But after that it’s all blank.” Noticing Felix’s expression of distaste and disbelief, Eugeny quickly added: “It’s true! I had a blackout. It’s happened before, I just never told you. I’ve had these blackouts a couple of times, and I couldn’t remember a thing. I just woke up in a strange place.”
“When did these black outs happen?” asked Felix, who was more interested now that he was convinced that Eugeny was not lying. “Do you remember when you had the first blackout? What preceded it?”
“The first one?” Eugeny was thoughtful, swirling his wine slowly in the glass. “The first one happened, I think, on the day when my parents were killed. I remember seeing my mum dead on the floor and my father kneeling by her side. But the next thing I remember is you pulling me up from the floor and dragging me out of that horrible room. I don’t know what happened in between, how my father killed himself, and I think it was a terrible shock that caused my amnesia. My brain didn’t want to accept the reality”.
Felix had always wondered if Eugeny remembered any of the details from that dreadful day, but never spoke to Eugeny about it, sparing his feelings. After the investigation was over, and the authorities were satisfied with the theory that Gregory killed his wife, and then committed suicide, there was no need to remind the children about their parents’ terrible deaths. Still, Felix thought, I’m not sure if Zhenya remembers that it was him, who actually killed his own father?  Kira saw it happen, but she never mentioned a word to anyone, and she certainly never spoke about these horrible events to Zhenya. Now I can see that he doesn’t remember anything, he had a black out. Is he responsible for his deed? Or is he innocent in his behaviour, which was dictated by his subconscious?
“Yes, I think your brain switched off to save your sanity,” Felix said after a pause. “You would have gone crazy otherwise.” He couldn’t bring himself to tell Eugeny the truth, and maybe there was no need of it. “But what about your other black outs? Were you in shock again? What happened?”
“I was frightened,” Eugeny answered in a very small quiet voice, like a child who had been caught doing something bad and was expecting punishment. “I was so frightened that she would find out about me, about us . . . And then I got angry . . . I was very, very angry, and I blacked out. Next thing I remember, I was on the beach, and it was the morning.”
“Are you talking about last year?” Felix was all ears. “Who were you afraid of? Who did you get angry with?”
“It’s all like a dream . . . I can’t concentrate . . . Felix, please, let’s talk about it later. I have a headache, I won’t be able to perform in the evening!” Eugeny was nearly crying again, he was trying to make Felix sorry for him, instinctively postponing the unpleasant discussion. But Felix wouldn’t let him go without finding out the whole truth. He insisted, repeating his question again.
Eugeny reluctantly responded, “Last summer, here, in Sochi. Do you remember we had a quarrel? You made me jealous, you were not nice to me! I was so upset!”
Now it seemed that he was ready to start blaming Felix for everything that happened the year before.  That’s what I believed had happened, Felix thought. Something happened that night, and he never spoke about it. Could it be that he didn’t remember? Or just didn’t want to remember? He said aloud, “All right, my darling, I’m sorry! I apologised then, didn’t I? And I was nice to you later, remember? Now, tell me what happened that night?”
“Yes, all right. I’ll try to concentrate . . . But I really have a headache! And I feel sick . . . Well, that night I walked on my own, and I think I had a drink somewhere in the mountains, I’m not sure . . . Yes, there was this little café, and the girls came, and one of them was really nasty! She started shouting at me, and calling me names! Nasty names, as if she knew that I was . . . that I didn’t like women! And I was so frightened! I thought my heart would stop! And then I got very angry. And that’s it. Nothing more. Nothing!”
Eugeny was now shouting, he had become very agitated, and Felix had to hold him again to calm him. Out of this senseless speech Felix managed to make out that Eugeny had an unpleasant encounter with a strange girl, they quarrelled, he got angry and then blacked out. It’s clear that Zhenya built some sort of a defence mechanism, which stopped him remembering bad things. But how bad was it? The first time was the murder of his father. What did he do last year, which was equally horrible? There’s no sense pushing Zhenya anymore, he won’t remember any more details. I’ll have to investigate for myself, and I’ll have to act discretely, to find out what happened here the previous summer.
“Were there any other cases like that one?” he asked when Eugeny calmed down again. “Do you remember any other bad things that caused your loss of memory? Please, try to remember, it’s important. I must know. If I don’t know, I can’t help you! And I want to help you more than anything in my life. I want to make you happy!”
Eugeny looked at his lover with affection and touched his cheek. “And I want you to be happy, Felix! I don’t want you to be cross with me, please, don’t be!”
After Felix kissed him and reassured that he wasn’t cross at all, Eugeny spoke again.  “It was in winter, in Moscow. That horrible girl, Marina, it was all her fault! First she frightened me, because she was so close to realising that I don’t like girls. And then I got so angry! And I’ve tried to avoid her since then, but she deceived me and made me go to a birthday party . . .”
Felix got confused, “Wait a minute! Marina made you angry? What did you do after that? Did you have a memory loss?”
“Yes, I think so”, Eugeny went on. “I must have run away from her and fallen asleep in the snow. I could have frozen to death because of her!” He tried to change the subject, but saw the solemn expression on Felix’ face and got back to the point. “Anyway, I woke up, and I was by the river, far away from where Marina lived, and I was covered with snow. My new cashmere coat, remember it was ruined, and one of my buttons was missing, and I didn’t remember how I had got there. I took a taxi and went home.”
“And you never mentioned it to anyone?” Felix tried to keep calm, but he was really annoyed with Eugeny for being so secretive! Never telling him, his lover, about things that might be very important! “Did you talk to anyone at all about it? Or maybe you heard about something that happened that night?”
“No, I never spoke to anyone! I wouldn’t want anyone to find out about my memory losses, would I? But I do remember something, now. That night, a taxi driver mentioned something about a girl being murdered somewhere by the river. And I was not far from there! It could have been me, who got killed! I was in such a danger! Oh, my God! And nobody cares!” Eugeny bust out into sobs, and buried his face in the pillows.
It’s necessary to bring him back to normal, Felix thought, if I want him to perform this evening. I’ve found out the most important thing: there was a girl murdered near the place where Zhenya had his black out last winter, in Moscow.
That night Eugeny wasn’t his best, the way he looked and performed lacked his usual energy and wit. The audience didn’t notice anything, for them he was the usual irresistible Eugeny, but Felix was annoyed, and he decided to be more careful with Eugeny. He couldn’t allow things to upset Eugeny and detract from his performance; it could jeopardise the work of the whole band. Felix cut short Eugeny’s singing, and announced that it was dance time.
After work Felix took Eugeny to their favourite Georgian restaurant in the mountains, and let his friend rest, eat, drink and listen to the waves below. Felix needed to think. If my suspicions are true, Zhenya might have done something awful and could be punished if it’s revealed. It’s my duty to protect him. I’ll need to call Leningrad tomorrow from the hotel room, though it will be expensive, and talk to Eleonora. She can help with her connections in Moscow, but I’ll need to act here, in Sochi.
Neither Felix nor Eugeny gave Marina another thought. Neither of them wondered what had actually happened to the girl . . .


~***~


Chapter 37
Summer 1968, Sochi
Marina

When Marina entered the bar, she saw Eugeny and a slightly older man, sitting at the table not far from the door, in the company of two blonde girls. Eugeny was telling jokes and the girls laughed loudly, whilst the other man merrily topped up their glasses with champagne. They all looked happy and were so preoccupied with one another, that they didn’t notice Marina, as she stood in the doorway.  She only stood there for a few seconds, but it seemed like ages to her.
Then Eugeny looked up and saw Marina storming towards him, her face pale, her eyes blazing with anger. She stopped in front of Eugeny and shouted at him, but failed to make herself heard above the background noise. She had only managed a couple of sentences, when the older man sprang up and dragged the blonde girls away. Marina only caught the glimpse of their blonde hair and the bewildered expression on their faces. Then Eugeny stood up facing her.
He certainly looked surprised and annoyed, and a little embarrassed, but he didn’t look at all happy. Then a new and hostile expression surfaced on his face, and made Marina think, I don’t want this! What am I doing here! They stood facing each other for a short while, and then Eugeny seized Marina by the arm and dragged her out of the bar, into the empty vestibule, through the entrance door, and out into the open. The night was pitch black but still warm, heat radiating from city’s sun-warmed fabric, with crickets singing, and the magic smell of the sea.
Eugeny held Marina tight by her arm, dragging her away from the hotel. The girl complied silently, although somewhat dazed. Her sleepless night, plus the frustrations of her exhausting journey to Sochi, had drained her of all energy. Marina didn’t realise where Eugeny was taking her. I only want to lie down somewhere and get some sleep . . . Just a little nap, and I’ll be all right.
She suddenly became aware of the uneven surface under her feet after she had stumbled a couple of times. She looked down and saw that they were walking on the pebble beach, and Eugeny was pulling her towards the sea. “Zhenya, stop, we need to talk,” she said and tried to resist, but Eugeny was stronger, and with stubborn determination dragged down to the water. “Zhenya, listen to me! I have come here to talk to you! You’ve been very mean to me! You said that we should wait till the autumn, and you left for Sochi . . .” But there was no reply. She suddenly became aware that Eugeny hadn’t said a word since he saw her. His silence and determination frightened her badly.
“Stop, I don’t want to go down, where are you pulling me?” Marina tried to get away, but her feet were already in the water, and looking up she saw Eugeny’s face. It’s the face of a crazy person, a complete stranger, it can’t be Zhenya! Oh, my God!  This is not him! I don’t know this person! The face she saw was a mask of fury, a horrific grimace, with tight, almost white lips pulled back over snarling teeth. And in his eyes, that were drawn into slits, there was Panic, raw, primeval Rage.
Marina resisted, holding back the best she could from this horrible creature. Her shoes slipped on the wet pebbles, and she instinctively grabbed his arms for support. And then she felt that they both were going down backwards into the sea, and in an instant the warm water was all over her. The incoming wave covered the girl’s whole body and face. She had to breathe, but there was no air, only heavy salty, bitter water. She choked, desperately struggling for air, but his heavy body lay on her, pressing her down. Marina opened her mouth to cry, but only took in more water as the next wave, a big one, dense and powerful, rolled over them and pulled them away from the shore. The wave rolled away, leaving Eugeny lying on the wet stones, breathing in quick shallow gasps. The body of the girl had been washed from under him and was barely visible in the black frothy water, and with every wave it was pulled farther and farther out to sea.
Away . . . it’s going away . . . there’s nothing to be afraid of anymore . . . nobody can harm me now . . . Fragments of these primitive thoughts clouded Eugeny’s mind, as he dragged himself out of the sea and started walking up the beach, sinking up to his ankles into the shifting pebbles. He managed about one hundred meters, and then collapsed in total exhaustion, and fell asleep instantly.


~***~


Chapter 38
Summer 1968, Sochi
Felix

Next morning brought some unpleasant news. The two lovers were still in bed, when they heard the loud voices of the cleaners talking in the corridor. More voices came from downstairs, it sounded as if something dramatic had happened in the otherwise quiet and respectable hotel. Felix quickly got dressed and went to his own room, crossing the sitting room of the suite that he and Eugeny occupied. Opening the door of his bedroom, Felix called out to the cleaner, who was just coming back from the end of the corridor. “What’s the noise about, young lady?” He asked the fat middle-aged cleaner, and with his usual good humour, added, “Was there a drowned man found on our beach? Only that would justify all the noise you’ve made!”
The cleaner stopped and her hand went up across her open mouth. Her round face was surprise itself. “You must be a clairvoyant! How would you know? We’ve only just found out! Ah, you must have been down already, and now you’re making a fool of old Nastya!” She tried to laugh, but was too tense and it sounded strange.
“Nastya, I swear, I haven’t been down yet. I’ve just got up, and it was you who had woken me up. What is it that made you so agitated?” Felix could feel his heart beating heavily in his throat, making it hard to breathe.
“Oh, so you don’t know anything!” Nastya was definitely pleased that she could be the first to break the news. “There’s a girl found in the sea, right near the pier!  A drowned girl! Just like last summer.” She said something else, but Felix only saw her lips moving and couldn’t hear a word. He grabbed the doorframe, and breathed deeply to steady himself. “Look at you, you’re so pale! Horrible news, I know! Not for a delicate man like you. Go lie down, I’ll tell you more later, if you want.” The kind woman was concerned about this valued customer, who was very generous with the tips.
“No, no, I’m fine, Nastya, thank you. Tell me, what happened, and why do you say it’s the same as last summer? I don’t remember anything happening last summer!”
“Yes, because you had already left! She wasn’t found until late in September, when the storms must have pushed her to the shore, poor soul. Not much left of her, I must say. Must have been in the water for a couple of months, that’s what they said. Hadn’t been identified, could be from anywhere! No documents, her dress all torn and in a mess, God rest her soul! They said she had committed suicide, but I’ll tell you what: she was drowned! I tell you! I have a feeling for such things. God is my witness. She was drowned, and now it happened again. This one was found right away, she got caught in the nets, God rest her soul, in the fishing nets. The kids were fishing from the pier, not that it’s legal but you know the kids. And she was caught! Otherwise she might never be found. She’s in good condition, this one. Might identify her.”
Nastya was eager to talk another hour, but Felix, who had heard all the news he wanted, cut her short. “Yes, you know, I think I need to lie down. All these drowned girls . . . I’d better have another nap, it’s still too early to get up. Thank you, my dear!” And he put a rouble note in Nastya’s pocket.
“Thanks a lot!” The woman was very pleased. “If you want, I’ll tell you the latest news after breakfast. I’ll come to do your room and tell you.”
“No, my dear, there’s no need”, Felix didn’t want to show how interested he was. “Maybe later. I’ll go and lie down.” And he closed the door behind him. Back in his room Felix started walking up and down, in a terribly nervous state.  There we are, he thought. Last year there was a drowned girl, who was not found until we left, because of the currents which had carried her body away. But she drowned sometime around our visit to this hotel. Now, this year, there’s another girl, who died in the same, or similar circumstances. And both years Eugeny had a quarrel with a girl and had a memory loss afterwards. Where does it put us? Nowhere nice, I’m afraid.
Felix went down for breakfast, leaving Eugeny fast asleep. Not that he was hungry, but there was a chance of getting some more news about the incident. Indeed, the dining room was buzzing with gossip. Felix took his coffee and sat down at one of the vacant tables, trying to catch as much of the news as possible. What he found out was more or less the repetition of what the maid had told him. The girl was found in the early hours, she drowned some time during the night, there were no signs of homicide, and there were no documents found on her.
Finding out as much as he could, Felix left his cup of awful coffee on the table and returned to his room. Eugeny was showing some signs of waking up, and Felix shook him gently on the shoulder and talked in a quiet voice. Eugeny opened his eyes and smiled on Felix.
“I had such a good sleep! I needed a good rest after the unpleasant time yesterday. It all seems so far away now! Have you had your coffee, my love?” He got out of bed and walked to the bathroom, not waiting for Felix to answer.
It was really a difficult situation, and Felix knew that he had to make a good decision, as all their future depended on it. I can tell Zhenya to pack and we’ll catch the evening train. We can pretend he has fallen ill and needs to see his doctor in Leningrad. But would it be wise? Probably, someone would tell the police that there was a quarrel in the bar between Zhenya and the drowned girl. If Zhenya isn’t around to be interrogated, the police might get suspicious and even follow him to Leningrad. It would be better if the case remains here, and is dealt with locally. At the same time can Zhenya be trusted to talk to the police? He’s so unstable, he might say something foolish, and give the police a clue as to what has happened. Felix realised that he didn’t want to think about what had actually happened. He tried to hide from reality, I can’t believe that Zhenya, my tender affectionate Zhenya, is a murderer! Could he really have killed two girls, maybe three, if the dead girl in Moscow had something to do with him? Eugeny emerged from the bathroom, his hair wet and flopping on his forehead, his teeth shining white on the tanned face, his eyes like two dark agates, all of him so irresistibly handsome, that Felix felt a pain in his heart.
No, I can’t let them have this beautiful creature and interrogate him or even take him to prison. I’ll defend and protect him from the whole world. Felix made a decision to stay and instruct Eugeny about what to say to the police if he was asked about the drowned girl.


~***~


Chapter 39
Summer 1967, Sochi
Eugeny

After quarrelling with Kira about the need to interact with girls, Eugeny finally found peace and quiet in a small restaurant in the mountains. He started to relax and was looking forward to preparing for the evening performance. But his solitude was soon broken by a group of girls, whom he had seen earlier at the beach. They must have been staying in the upper part of the town, renting cheap rooms rather than paying for expensive hotels. Eugeny turned away, pretending not to notice them. As the voices and laughter died away, he sighed with relief. He was not in the mood for making an effort with social conversation. It was nice and quiet, and Eugeny had an ice cream and another glass of lemonade. He was beginning to feel happier, the sun was going down, and in no time the Southern night closed in.
It’s nearly time to go back and get ready for the evening performance, or Felix will get angry! Well, I don’t mind making him angry, and jealous. It might make him value me! These thoughts were interrupted by a girl, who approached him from behind and startled him. It was one of the girls from the beach.
“Oh, I thought I had seen you,” she spoke, as Eugeny made an attempt to flee. “I didn’t want to disturb you while the rest of the girls were around.” She kept talking cheerfully, standing close to Eugeny, and there was absolutely no escape. “I noticed you on the beach, you remember me? Oh, I know why you didn’t want to talk at the beach, those girls are such chatterboxes! And they are stupid, all of them! I have nobody to talk to, absolutely nobody! I know you are different . . .”
Eugeny found himself looking in her heavily made-up eyes, her glossy red lips, and her nose all shiny with perspiration. How awful she is! He didn’t hate girls generally, just found them unpleasant. But this one is particularly annoying. How can men abide these creatures!
“Excuse me,” he managed to interrupt the flow of words. “I must be going, I have no time . . .” Eugeny pushed past the girl and started walking quickly down the road. It was dark by then, and lit only by feeble street lamps that cast yellow circles on the road. The young man was nearly running, but there was the loud clicking of  high heels right behind him.
“Where are you going? Aren’t you going to see me home? It’s dark here, I’m scared! Or shall we go somewhere for a dance and a drink? I know nice places!” The girl definitely had no intention of leaving him alone. Eugeny stopped abruptly, and she collided with him. “Oh, you, naughty boy! You want to embrace me!” The girl hugged Eugeny, who wasn’t expecting such an assault, and kissed him on the lips. “You are such a dear!”
“Leave me alone!” Eugeny pushed her away indignantly. “How dare you touch me!”
The girl nearly fell down, when Eugeny pushed her, but she managed to regain her balance and shouted at Eugeny, her voice rising hysterically. “So it’s true! The other girls said so, but I didn’t believe them! You are gay! You’re a fucking queer! I’ll tell them all tomorrow!”
Eugeny felt as if he was hit by a red hot piece of iron. All the air suddenly left his lungs, and he couldn’t breathe. What is she saying . . . ? She will tell . . . Everybody will know . . . Oh my God! She must be stopped! He made a step towards her. She was still ranting angrily but had turned to go away. “Listen,” Eugeny started. “It’s not what you think at all. I’m not gay. I . . . I just . . . I’m ill.” He didn’t know what to say, how to make her listen. It’s all so horrible! What can I do! And Eugeny burst out crying.
The girl stopped, completely puzzled. Still crying, Eugeny started walking slowly towards the beach, which was completely deserted at this time of the evening, and she followed him.
“Look, what’s your name, I didn’t mean to upset you. If you are not gay, it’s OK. What’s wrong with you then? What are you ill with? Is it contagious? Stop crying!”
Eugeny stopped at the beach where the warm waves noisily rolled the pebbles in the dark. Otherwise it was quiet, and he could hear music playing in the distance. God! I’m late for the evening performance! And all because of this bitch! How much I hate her!
Then rage, darker than the night, overwhelmed him. Yes, he had known this feeling before, this total power, and he wanted it again, now. Eugeny lost control, he grabbed the unsuspecting girl by the shoulders and pushed her towards the water. The pebbles were slippery, and she fell backwards into the water, with Eugeny falling on top of her. The first wave covered them and then retreated.
The girl was stunned when her head hit the stones and started choking. She wriggled under the weight of Eugeny’s body, trying to pull free, when another wave covered her. This time Eugeny managed to keep her under water, preventing her from getting any air. His face was a mask of fury, he growled like an animal, pushing and pushing with all his might, until her movements stopped, and only the waves gently rocked the body.
Eugeny didn’t know how long he lay on her body. With the warm sea washing off the remains of his rage he slowly came to his senses. The night was dark, moonless, with only the stars shining from far above. Eugeny slowly stood up and started walking along the beach, still not fully aware where he was going. The body remained by the shore for awhile, but with every coming wave it was pulled deeper and deeper into the sea, until it had gone completely.


~***~


Chapter 40
Autumn1968, Leningrad
Felix, Eugeny

Felix found out that the investigation into the death of the girl last year never came to anything, and there was no real suspect. The identity of the girl was not discovered, there were no missing person reports that seemed relevant to this case, nobody mentioned even seeing or talking to the girl. There were no signs of violence, so murder wasn’t suspected and the case was put off until some new evidence cropped up.
Felix’s band finished the Sochi tour with great success and it was time to go back to Leningrad. Eugeny was a graduate now, and Felix had found him a permanent job in the Philharmonic orchestra. Felix also played in that orchestra, and he was ready to help his friend in any way. Also, working at the same place would make it easy to keep an eye on Eugeny and stop him from getting involved into something stupid. It went without saying that Eugeny would continue playing and singing with Felix’s band.
Leningrad was cool and autumnal, blue-grey in the day, with lanterns lighting the long nights, covered with a web of rain, splashed with the puddle water from the car wheels, crossed with a patchwork of canals and bridges – familiar Leningrad, friendly and welcoming.
Kira was happy to have her brother back, and she enjoyed talking about her music and singing lessons. She now had just two years of school to go, and had decided that she would work in the operetta, which would make use of her singing, dancing, and acting skills. She was determined to get the best results in her exams at the Institute of musical culture, which would provide her with an appropriate diploma.
Eleonora was genuinely pleased with Kira’s plans, and she was eager to discuss them with both men, but she sensed Felix’s tension and knew that there was something wrong. Finally, after two hours of listening to Kira and discussing her future, Eleonora decided that it was time for a family meeting. She didn’t want Svetlana to be around, and asked Felix to take his wife to her room. “She’s exhausted, poor soul! All this excitement! A good cup of tea and a sound sleep, that’s what she needs now, don’t you dear?”
After Svetlana was out of the way, Eleonora brought in some light snacks and opened a bottle of Georgian wine, acquired in Sochi, and the four of them sat down to talk. Kira participated, and none of the adults even thought about sending her away, they all remembered her logical and earnest contributions in past family meetings. She was even given some wine to taste, which she did with an air of self-importance, and when everybody was settled, Eleonora said that she wanted to know what had happened in Sochi.
Felix did the talking and briefed the others about what had happened in Sochi the previous summer and the current summer. “These two girls might have been drowned by Zhenya. He had blackouts and didn’t remember a thing, but he remembered becoming frightened and then very angry just before the blackouts. It is possible that he was possessed with uncontrollable fury and had somehow drowned the girls, then fell asleep. It’s surprising there are no traces of violence on either girl.”
Felix looked around at the others, who sat in complete silence absorbing every word. Eugeny was very pale, looking down at his clenched fingers and not meeting anybody’s gaze.
“I think what happened”, Felix went on, “was that Zhenya pushed the girl into water and fell on top of her, holding her under the surface for some time, and when she stopped struggling, he simply let go and withdrew. The waves and currents did the rest. Last summer the body was washed straight out to sea and wasn’t found until much later. This summer it was mere bad luck that the body got stuck in some nets by the pier, and was found quickly.”
Kira suddenly jumped up, she was very excited. “Yes, that’s how it happened with the Nanny, remember, Zhenya? You kept her under water, and when she stopped struggling, you just let her go! I saw it!” By the way Felix and Eleonora looked at her, Kira suddenly realised that she had said something wrong. Eugeny raised his head and looked at Kira, his face becoming even paler.
“What are you talking about, girl?” Eleonora demanded. “What about the Nanny?  It was an accident, the Nanny drowned in the bath, she was drunk, your mother discovered her!” Eleonora looked at Eugeny and then back at Kira, who was very uncomfortable now. “Or did she? What happened then, Zhenya? You must tell us!”
Eugeny looked up with an expression of indifference in his vacant eyes, as in the eyes of the hunted animal staring into the muzzle of a gun. “She didn’t drown, I pushed her under the water, and I kept her head there until she stopped kicking. I hated her, she was a lousy bitch! And I saw the chance when I found her asleep in the bath. And it was easy! I did the right thing, Mum covered for me! She wouldn’t have if it was wrong!” Eugeny was getting more and more agitated, his face flushed with colour and eyes glaring. He looked different now, an animal ready to attack, not about to surrender.
“Kira was the only one who knew, and Mum of course, but Mum is dead. And Kira promised not to tell anybody! You did! You promised!” He sprang to his feet and approached her in a rage. Kira recoiled. Eugeny stood over her with his arms tense and ready to go for her.
Somehow she found the courage to challenge him.“Stop it Zhenya,” she said calmly but loud enough. “I didn’t tell anybody, Felix and Eleonora are our friends, they need to know everything to help you. I’m your friend, Zhenya. I love you! Come, kiss your little sister! Be a good boy!”  There was both tenderness and authority in her strong voice, and it worked. Eugeny immediately softened and collapsed on the couch besides Kira, shaking all over, his forehead covered with perspiration. Kira embraced him with one arm and he put his head on her shoulder.
Felix spoke again, keeping his voice low and calm, “Back to what I was saying, we have at least two murder cases on our hands. If we’re lucky, nobody would even think to connect us to the girls. But we should be prepared to deny any knowledge if the police want to know more. The main thing is to create a viable alibi for Zhenya. This year I can testify for him, saying that we were together all the night, drinking in the bar with the Latvian girls. The girls, if asked, would not remember their whereabouts for that night, as they were very drunk, and they would say anything.”
Felix paused to look at Eugeny, who had recovered from his outburst and was listening with attention. “Zhenya,” he went on, “you must remember one thing, you never saw Marina after the two of you were in Moscow, in June. You didn’t know she was going to Sochi, and you didn’t see her there. When the drowned girl was found, you never connected her with Marina, why would you? You must behave naturally, you are shocked, but you are also surprised to learn that Marina went to Sochi. If you stick to this story, everything should be OK. About the previous year, well, you can’t remember much, it was long ago! But you must be positive about not meeting the drowned girl, never talking to her. You were with your friends – us, and we would testify for you if necessary. I’m sure everything will be all right, we are safe.”
Felix stood up and moved closer to Eugeny and Kira, who were sitting cuddled together on the sofa. “Everything is fine my dear. You mustn’t worry, you have us, we love you. Just stay calm and don’t be afraid.” He reached out for Eugeny’s hand and pulled him up from the seat. “Come, let’s go to bed now, you must be exhausted!” And he led Eugeny, who was still silent and withdrawn, to their bedroom. On leaving the room, Felix turned his head and made a sign to Eleonora and Kira to stay where they were.
Felix returned in about twenty minutes.“He’s asleep.”
The three friends sat in silence for a while, then Eleonora spoke, “Zhenya has always been unstable, he sometimes frightened Klava with his hysterics and nervous outbursts. It was the family’s fault, I think. The boy grew up in the atmosphere of anger and fear. Anger from his father, fear from his mother. Klava was always afraid to do or say something wrong, as it could enrage Gregory – who always found excuses for his anger anyway. Zhenya was a very sensitive boy, you remember, Felix? He would come to our place, crying, trembling all over when the quarrels between his parents became too violent. He was afraid of Gregory, and that made him angry. He knew, he couldn’t get even with his cruel father, but his anger needed an outlet, so he used to cry and scream or even break some of the crockery. I could calm him down by playing the piano, some nice quiet music, and he would sit and listen, eventually falling asleep.”
“I remember,” Felix stood up and started walking up and down the room, as he always did when in a nervous state. “Zhenya was so vulnerable, I think that was when I first felt love for him and the need to protect him. You are right, mum, his parents were the ones to be blamed for his character. Zhenya constantly saw his father cause suffering. That’s true!”
Felix gestured to Kira to keep silent, as she was about to interrupt. “Your father was a sadist! He thrived on others’ misery! And you know what? The worst thing was, that Zhenya picked that ‘modus operandi’. Subconsciously, he developed the liking for torturing, causing pain and misery. This was in a contradiction to his conscious behaviour. He knew that it was bad to be cruel, but he felt joy when he was.”
Felix stood in front of Kira. “You were a perfect sister for him. You were younger and weaker, but you were stronger spiritually. And you were never afraid. Even if you were, one couldn’t tell! You were a real fighter, Kira! I think even your father was afraid of you!”
Kira smiled with a tired little smile. This dramatic encounter was too much for her. My beloved brother has murdered two girls – that’s different from killing a loathsome nanny. But it’s not his fault! He didn’t know what he was doing, he was in a horrible state, driven by fear and rage.
“I will always support Zhenya,” Kira said looking Felix straight in the eye. “I will say whatever is needed to protect him. He isn’t capable of standing up for himself, and when he’s driven to the extreme his subconscious nature breaks through and gives him pleasure from being cruel. But if we keep an eye on him, if we take the responsibility for his actions, horrible things will never happen.”
“You are a clever girl,” Eleonora stroked Kira’s head. “You’ve just said something I was going to suggest myself. We should take the responsibility for Zhenya and make sure he never gets into trouble again. He is a charming and loving young man, and many people like him instantly. But this liking can be the cause of misfortune, especially if it comes from women. Zhenya is afraid of women, and this can lead to violence. We’ll have to think of something to stop girls showing interest in Zhenya. Of course, it would be ideal if we could find him a fictitious wife. But we can’t repeat the scenario with Svetlana. I’ll think about it, just give me some time. In the meantime, let’s stay together and keep our secrets.”
“Let’s form The Pact of Three, to protect the fourth!” Kira suggested. She looked much happier now and full of determination to stand by her brother. “All right! Agreed!” Felix, and Eleonora smiled and nodded. “The Pact of Three it is!”
September didn’t bring any news, it seemed nobody suspected that Marina’s disappearance was in any way connected with Felix and Eugeny. Anyway, nobody had asked them about the girl, it seemed that there was no investigation going on. Everything was going nicely: Eugeny started his new job at the Philharmonic, Kira attended her classes with great enthusiasm, Felix wrote a couple of musical compositions for his band, and was now looking for a poet to write the lyrics and produce songs. Eleonora and Svetlana mostly stayed indoors, as the weather was windy and rainy for much of the time.  It was not till the beginning of October that there was some police activity, and Lieutenant Vasin came to ask questions about the missing girl.
When the Lieutenant left after questioning Eleonora, she was on the phone to Felix immediately. He was in a rehearsal, but there had been an agreement between them, that Eleonora only called if there was some emergency. So if she did phone, Felix knew that he had to take the call whatever the circumstances, and the staff at the orchestra knew that as well.
Felix was interrupted by an administrator, who told him that his mother was on the phone, he immediately sensed trouble. Eleonora spoke briefly and avoided going into detail, in case somebody overheard the conversation – she had lived through Stalin’s repressions, and didn’t trust telephones. The essence of the message was that she had had a visitor who was interested in Eugeny and a girl student from his academy. That visitor would probably want to see Eugeny later that evening.
Felix got the idea immediately. They were prepared for the police to ask questions, and had devised a strategy. Eugeny was instructed to answer the questions briefly, without any details, best of all just say ‘yes’ or ‘no’. If possible, Felix or Eleonora, or both should be present to help Eugeny out.
Felix took Eugeny aside, while the rest of the orchestra were having a rehearsal, and told him about Eleonora’s phone call. “You must be prepared, the policeman might come to see you at home tonight. He might even come here, and I have the feeling that he will. Don’t panic.” Seeing the fear in Eugeny’s face, he added, “I’ll be with you and help you out if necessary. Just remember to stay relaxed and give brief answers. No details.”
“What if he wants the details?” Eugeny asked, quite agitated now, and biting on his knuckles nervously. “What if he starts asking about our engagement and my promise to contact her after the summer vacation? What if he asks why I haven’t contacted her? He might think I knew that she wasn’t going back to Moscow!”
“Calm down, please!” Felix had to use all his influence to keep Eugeny under control. It would be a disaster if the policeman came, and Eugeny went into hysterics. “Listen to me”, Felix spoke in a low calm voice, bringing Eugeny under his power. “They don’t know anything about your engagement or about your so called relationship with Marina.  If they ask you about her tell them that you didn’t know her plans. Marina must have somehow found out where you were staying in Sochi, and she followed you there. You didn’t see her in Sochi. That’s it. Full stop. Make sure you sound convincing, don’t let the guy know you’re nervous. OK.? Can I rely on you?”
Felix’s speech seemed to work, and Eugeny gradually calmed down. His face got back its lovely complexion, and his looks returned to normal. The two men returned to the rehearsal and continued as if nothing had happened. The concert began, and there was no sign of a police officer, but Felix knew they couldn’t relax. During the break, when still nobody turned up, Eugeny began to feel more at ease, but Felix was still on the alert.
During the second break the lieutenant finally turned up. Felix was glad that Eugeny had time to prepare for the visit. Eugeny performed naturally enough, and his short answers could be explained by lack of interest in Marina, rather than reluctance to give information about her. Yet, when Lieutenant Vasin left, both men sighed with relief.
“Well done, baby,” Felix whispered and kissed Eugeny on the lips. “We beat him! You were great! You see, there’s nothing to worry about. Always trust me.”
“Yes, I think he believed me,” Eugeny spoke quietly. “You know what, I believed it as well! If I try really hard, I can make myself believe virtually anything. And then I can sound natural when I speak.”
The rest of the evening went well. After the concert Felix took a group of musicians to the restaurant, where they played for a wedding party. Felix and Eugeny came home long after midnight. Both were happy and a little high, even though they hadn’t touched any alcohol. Eleonora was waiting for them with a bottle of wine and a light snack - Felix had called earlier and reassured her that all was well. She kissed both men and they told her in detail about their conversation with the policeman.
“I’m proud of you, child,” she said to Eugeny tenderly. “You have done very well, my dear. But you must both remember that it is not the end. The police haven’t got any facts yet, they haven’t even identified the body. This lieutenant is young and inexperienced, but he is also very eager. And he has got a good grasp, if he suspects you, he will never let go. Be aware of him, do not underestimate him. I know, Felix might,” she added with a dismissive wave of her hand when the men tried to protest. “He will be back after he has gone to Sochi and discovered the body, and then be prepared for a more thorough investigation. We will have to work out our strategy. And now, let’s have some wine and relax, and I’m going to bed shortly, it has been a long day.”
* * *
As a matter of fact, Vadim Vasin didn’t go back to Leningrad that autumn, as the case was closed. He didn’t go back until March 1992, to investigate the murder of his grandmother, Tatyana Petrovna. Eleonora, though, was right when she said that Vadim Vasin shouldn’t be underestimated. That was true all those years ago, and it was even more true now. As a young lieutenant, Vasin had enthusiasm and persistence; as a Major, he had developed insight and an unshakable tenacity.


~***~


Chapter 41
March 1992, Komarovo
24th March, late afternoon
Eugeny

After his encounter with the policeman in the street, Eugeny walked briskly round the corner and to the house entrance. All he wanted now was to get into the shelter of his own room, to hide from the world, from the people who wanted to harm him. Felix! Yes, that’s what I need, to have Felix by my side. He is my partner, my only true friend, the love of my life . . . he’ll save me. Whimpering like an injured dog, Eugeny unlocked the front door and entered the hall.
The lights were on everywhere in the house, and Eugeny could hear voices on the first floor, also there was the smell of strong medicine. Oh, yes, there was an ambulance parked by the entrance, but in his despair he just didn’t pay attention. The ambulance! What could it be about? He couldn’t concentrate on anything happening around him, he could only think about finding Felix. Eugeny stopped by the stairs, not daring to go up. The voices grew louder, and he saw two people in white robes leaving a room upstairs, Eleonora’s room. So Eleonora must have been unwell again. Eugeny could register it in his mind, but he was incapable of responding to the situation.
The people in white were talking to Svetlana’s carer, while the three of them came down the stairs, not noticing the motionless figure in the hall. Finally, as they moved to the front door, the medics saw Eugeny and stopped. “Are you Felix?” The doctor asked. “Your mother was asking for you. Don’t worry, she’s better, there’s no danger,” he added quickly, noticing how distressed Eugeny looked. “We gave her an injection, and she fell asleep.” Not waiting for the Eugeny’s reply, the medics left.
The carer closed the door after them and turned to Eugeny. “Eleonora was unwell again. I had to call an ambulance. It’s not fair on me, I have enough looking after Svetlana. And she was misbehaving today, she ran away again. Oh . . . and there was a policeman here earlier. He wanted to talk to you or Felix. I don’t want to have anything to do with the police. It’s not my responsibility to explain things to them.”
The carer was agitated, and Eugeny didn’t waste any time answering her accusations. He took a wallet out of his pocket, withdrew some bills from it, and handed them to the carer.
“Is it enough for the past month? Here, take the money and go. We do not require your services any longer.”
Still angry, but shocked by the brash behaviour of the man, who was usually indifferent but polite, the carer took a step back, looking at the money. There was more than she had ever been paid for a month, and she was not sure what to do, she didn’t want to be accused of taking too much money. But the man was still standing there with the bills in his hand, and the carer finally took them. After all, she deserved some bonus for all her hard work. “Thank you, but do you mean I’m discharged? You do not require my help? I was employed by the old lady, and I can be only discharged by her, and she’s poorly now. I don’t think . . .”  She didn’t have a chance to finish, as Eugeny grabbed her coat from the hanger and threw the door open. He actually pushed the astonished woman out, tossing her coat after her. Then he slammed the door with such force that it shook the whole house.
Eugeny leaned back on the door breathing heavily. There it was – all his fears seemed to be coming alive. That dreadful policeman raking up the past. Eugeny had nearly forgotten about the girl from the frozen Moscow street – or rather he had made himself believe that he had forgotten her. Until tonight, when he was confronted by the stranger with a button in the palm of his hand. Could he have found the button by the body? I lost it somewhere, could it be when I was dealing with the girl? What a piece of bad luck that this man found my button and kept it for all these years. Unbelievable! Why would someone want to keep a button from the crime scene for so long? The man must have had his own personal reason for doing so. What did he say? Something about being a policeman and investigating a murder case. And he asked if I had been in Moscow on 12 March. Did he suspect me? He won’t be able to prove anything! I was smart, I didn’t leave any traces in the old woman’s apartment. I made the whole scene look like an accident.
He remembered the night when Kira called from Moscow, panicking and crying on the phone. They thought I was asleep in my bedroom, but I wasn’t. I heard the phone ring and the excited voices from the living room. I don’t like it when things are kept secret from me, so I picked up the phone extension in the bedroom and heard every word. They thought they had managed to conceal things from me! Silly people! As if they were smarter than me!
All seemed well until tonight. This policeman, where did he come from? He said something about meeting me in the past, could it be after Marina had been killed? Eugeny was getting more and more confused. He couldn’t think clearly, the fear was pulsing in his head, eliminating any traces of rationality, driving him into a state of panic and then rage. Eugeny’s face became flushed, his eyes just dark slits of fury. Breathing in gasps, he went upstairs, taking two steps at a time.
There was nobody on the landing, and the doors to all rooms were slightly ajar. The lights were on, but not a sound, so Eugeny flung open Svetlana’s door. She was on the sofa, propped up on her elbows. “What have you been up to Eugeny?” Svetlana asked her son-in-law in an anxious voice. “Where’s my carer? Is she with Eleonora? I need some help with the wheelchair”. She saw Eugeny’s face as he approached, and she didn’t like it at all. In fact, it made her nervous, not to say frightened.


~***~


Chapter 42
Summer 1991 ─ 24th March 1992, Komarovo
Svetlana

In the summer of 1991 the carer took a short holiday, leaving only Eleonora and Felix to look after Svetlana, as Kira was away on a tour. Svetlana remembered very well the morning when Eleonora took her to the dacha in Komarovo. They left for the dacha unexpectedly, after Felix’s call, which came early in the morning and woke them up. The call had agitated Eleonora very much, and she would have left Svetlana behind if there was anyone to care for her. But there was nobody, so Eleonora reluctantly took Svetlana to Komarovo.
The two women went to Komarovo in their car. Eleonora was generally a good driver and frequently drove herself. That day though, she was reckless and inattentive, and Svetlana felt very uncomfortable in the back seat. They were lucky, that there were not many cars on the road at that hour, and there were no policemen around.
When they arrived at the dacha, Felix was waiting anxiously by the front door. He looked pale and stressed and could barely wait for his mother to open the door of the car. Grabbing Eleonora by the arm, he practically pulled her into the house. Svetlana was left in the car alone.
The front door of the house was left ajar, and Svetlana could hear voices from the inside. The sounds were very vague but she could hear the hysterical high pitched voice belonging to Eugeny and a soft murmur from Felix, who was probably trying to calm Eugeny.
Suddenly Eleonora cried out, “Oh my God!”
Startled, Felix responded, “Mum, are you all right?”
Svetlana didn’t hear Eleonora’s reply, all the sounds from the house suddenly went dead, even Eugeny stopped yelling. Svetlana was stuck in the car, she couldn’t get out without help. There was something going on in the house, and she had no way of finding out! She decided to cry for help. She called Felix’s name several times but Felix didn’t respond, so Svetlana shouted again, calling Eleonora this time. But it was hopeless, none of them were going to come out and get her. They probably didn’t want her to be there and were glad that she couldn’t interfere.
There must be a way out, Svetlana thought desperately. I must get into the house. I must find out what they are up to.
Suddenly the solution dawned on her. She leaned forward in her seat, stretching her arm in the direction of the steering wheel. With one hand clutching the back of the driver’s seat she pulled herself forward, and pressed the horn. The horn sounded loud, like an animal in pain, and Svetlana pressed and pressed. She was sure that the unusual noise would attract the attention of the whole neighbourhood. She also was quite confident that Felix would not like to attract people’s attention, and would come out if only to stop the noise.
Felix came out running after just thirty seconds of the hooting. “What are you doing? Stop that noise immediately!” He reached the car in a couple of strides. “Sveta, stop it! I’m talking to you!”
He leaned forward, pulling Svetlana’s hand off the horn. His touch was cold and damp, and the grip of his hand was weak. His whole appearance was strange – unlike the usual Felix, who was always calm and confident and full of good humour and reassurance. Now he looked as a different person, a stranger, old and miserable, and Svetlana spontaneously attempted to hug him. But Felix pushed her away with a jerk, as if her touch was abhorrent to him.
“Felix, darling, what’s going on? You look awful. Are you all right?” When Felix didn’t answer, she went on: “I need to go to the toilet, urgently. Please, take me home. Eleonora left me in the car, do you think it’s appropriate? A disabled woman left on her own, completely helpless. What will the neighbours think? One man has already offered his help. I said no, I don’t want to be taken home by a stranger!”
Svetlana’s strategy seemed to work. Without another word, Felix opened the boot, took out the wheelchair and unfolded it. Half lifting, half dragging her out of the car, he helped Svetlana into the wheelchair. He then wheeled her promptly to the front door, stopping on the threshold.
“Wait here a second, will you?” He said opening the door and walking in, leaving Svetlana outside. “I won’t be a minute”.
“I need a toilet, desperately!” Svetlana pleaded, not wanting to be left by the front door. “Take me in!”
But Felix had already entered the house and closed the door behind him. Svetlana could hear voices, and the sound of something heavy falling on the floor. She started knocking, making a lot of noise.
The door was finally opened by Eleonora. Without saying a word she wheeled Svetlana’s chair into the entrance hall and closed the door behind them. She also locked and bolted it. Svetlana made an attempt to talk to Eleonora, but was ignored. Eleonora quickly moved across the hall, to the stairs and pushed the button of the stair lift to make it descend. Svetlana was desperately looking around, trying to spot something unusual, something that could have frightened Felix, but she couldn’t see anything. The only thing that she managed to spot, while Eleonora was moving her on the stair lift, was a big long sack by the stairs. It looked like a canvas bag which they used for storing potatoes in winter.
 While Eleonora transported her upstairs, Svetlana made another attempt to talk.
“Where are the boys? What is the problem? Why did we have to rush? Is it something to do with Zhenya? Look, Eleonora, you must tell me! It’s not fair to keep me in the dark! I’m a family member.” There was great distress in Svetlana’s voice, which finally made Eleonora respond.
“I’m sorry, dear,” Eleonora touched Svetlana’s hand gently, but didn’t pause, skilfully moving her daughter-in-law from the stair lift seat into another wheelchair on the first floor landing. “You’d be far better if you don’t know anything, believe me. We’ll talk later. Please, stay quiet and do not disturb anyone. We’re in the state of emergency here.”
She wheeled Svetlana to her room, which had an adjacent toilet. “You can manage on your own, can’t you dear?” And without waiting for Svetlana’s reply, Eleonora left the room, closing the door behind her. Left alone again, and this time Svetlana couldn’t even attract the neighbours’ attention. She could scream and make noise as much as she pleased, but no one would hear.
Svetlana could move around on her own quite easily, turning the wheels of her wheelchair with her hands. That was what Eleonora meant when she had said that Svetlana could manage on her own. Yes, they all knew that Svetlana was as independent as she could be, trying to cope with the personal things like going to the toilet without help. So there was no good yelling again, pretending she needed someone to attend to her needs, they would not come to rescue, they would not believe her.
OK, Svetlana thought, I’ll do it my way then, and wheeled her chair to the door. There she paused, listening attentively to any sound coming from the others. There were noises from downstairs, some of which she couldn’t identify, but some were familiar. She recognised the bang she had heard earlier, it was the noise the cellar trap door made when flung open or dropped down closed. Why would they want to go in the cellar? To move the sack, which I’d seen by the stairs?  Yes, that was the only answer Svetlana could think of. But what was in the sack? She had to see.
She opened the door noiselessly and peeped through the crack, afraid to attract attention from the people downstairs. The landing was empty but she couldn’t see the stairs from her position. She pushed the door open wider, and moved her wheelchair out of the room. The chair moved noiselessly and easily, and Svetlana thought with gratitude about Eleonora, who had bought the most modern and comfortable equipment for her. Then she remembered that Eleonora had betrayed her, leaving her alone. Both Eleonora and Felix had betrayed her, plotting with Eugeny.
Moving across the landing Svetlana stopped at the banisters and peeped between the poles. Now she could see clearly what was happening beneath her. The cellar trap door was indeed open, and from where she was Svetlana could see only a small part of the underground area. Eugeny was standing by the opening in the floor, looking as absent-minded and distracted as ever, as if whatever was going on was none of his concern. Felix was nowhere to be seen. Eleonora was on her knees, manipulating the long sack, which Svetlana had seen earlier. When Eleonora lifted the thick fabric, Svetlana saw something that she took for dark wet floor mop. And only when Eleonora pulled the sack further down, did Svetlana realise that she was looking at hair, human hair, all jumbled and soaked in blood. Lying on the floor, covered with the old potato sack, was a dead woman.
Svetlana pressed her clutched hands to her mouth barely suppressing a gasp of horror. So, that was the mystery! Zhenya must have killed someone, and Felix called Eleonora to help to get rid of the body. But what are they going to do? Where are they going to move the body? In the meantime Eleonora removed the sack – obviously it had been put on the corpse temporarily, to conceal it from Svetlana – and revealed the dead woman completely. The dead woman was lying on her side, with her head turned at a strange angle with the face looking up, her legs bent at the knees, and her arms twisted and crumpled under the body. Her eyes were open and staring, and Svetlana suddenly panicked, it seemed like the dead woman was looking directly at her. Oh my God! I know her! It’s Vlada, Kira’s rival!
Svetlana couldn’t imagine what had happened and how Vlada had died. It was a relief to realise that Kira was free from the many years of being pursued. I don’t feel sorry for her at all. I wonder what they are going to do with the body . . . She kept looking, her heartbeat back to normal. She found the procedure downstairs more amusing than dramatic.
Eleonora was trying to pack the body in a big plastic bag, which was normally used for the garden rubbish. She was having difficulties, as the body had become stiff and was awkward to handle, so she called out to Eugeny for help. “Zhenya! Come give me a hand, will you?” When he didn’t move, she called again, louder. “Zhenya, please, I need your help! Come here!” but he still ignored her.
There was movement in the cellar, and Svetlana could finally see Felix. He had been in the basement area that was not visible from the top floor, and had just come into view. “I have prepared the chest, go on, let’s move her down.” Felix said, whilst standing at the bottom of the ladder. “Zhenya, if you move the bag to me, I’ll take it from the bottom and guide it onto the floor. But you’ll have to come down here to help me handle it and put it in the chest.”
Then Felix realised that the body hadn’t yet been packed in the bag, and Eleonora was struggling with it alone. “Zhenya, go help Mum! You must give Mum a hand. Go on Zhenya!”
Felix spoke loudly and convincingly, and Eugeny finally broke his stupor and spoke in a dull dead voice. “I can’t touch her. She’s dead. Her head is twisted and her arms are broken. If I touch her, she might fall apart.” He then took a step away from the cellar door.
Felix sighed and climbed quickly out of the cellar. He came up to Eleonora and began pulling the rough plastic bag on the legs of the dead woman, taking over from his mother, who was not strong enough for this kind of work. The mother and the son lost any hope of getting help from Eugeny and did the best they could.
Svetlana watched them finally packing the body into a couple of big plastic bags, and moving it to the trap door. Eleonora was breathing laboriously, having over exerted herself. Still no help came from Eugeny. Felix descended on the cellar ladder, pulling the bundle after him, while Eleonora held and steadied it the best she could from the opening of the trap door. The load was still too heavy for Felix to handle single-handed, and he slipped clumsily off the ladder and fell on the cellar floor, followed by the corpse, which landed on top of him with a thud. Felix gave a suppressed scream, while Eleonora could only gasp, her hands covering her face.
They are going to hide the body in the chest in the cellar! They are not going to get rid of it. We’ll be living in the house with the corpse decomposing under the floor, that’s what’s going to happen. Svetlana felt sick. I don’t want to live in the house with a corpse in the cellar! And what if the police come searching for Vlada and find her? We’ll all go to prison for murder. They won’t believe that I didn’t know anything.
Svetlana knew she was right; though she had never been down in the cellar, her carer had been there several times and later described everything. So Svetlana knew that there was a large old chest in the corner of the cellar, where the family had kept all the unwanted and unworn clothes, shoes and bits-and-pieces, which Eleonora decided to store rather than throw away. It was called a ‘Storage Chest’; it had a heavy lid with metal edges. The lid, if closed, sat unyielding, sealing the inside of the chest.
An ideal place for the body to be hidden, thought Svetlana with a shudder. I wonder if they are ever going down to the cellar again.
Downstairs, Felix had regained his position at the bottom of the cellar ladder and pulled the body away from it. Eleonora descended into the cellar and helped by pushing the body. Soon both of them disappeared from the sight, but Svetlana could clearly imagine what was going on downstairs. There was nothing more for her to see, and she wheeled back to her room, closing the door behind her.
Nobody came to Svetlana’s room until evening. She had been all alone and was hungry, but she was afraid to attract the attention of the others. I have a feeling, that if I become dangerous to them or they just think I might be dangerous, they would kill me. Not that Eleonora or even Felix would rush into doing it, but Eugeny could be mean and dangerous.
Svetlana didn’t know what had happened to Vlada, how the woman had died, whether she was murdered by Eugeny or Felix, or by both of them. Nor did she care. That day she just pretended to be sulking, offended because of their behaviour and didn’t want to talk to Felix when he finally brought her some food in the evening. Next morning Svetlana was still in her room, and Eleonora didn’t come to help her to wash and get dressed. Again Felix turned up and murmured something about Eleonora being unwell, but Svetlana ignored him. She merely said, “If you don’t consider me a family member, it’s up to you. I’m not about to beg for your attention and sympathy.” That was all right with Felix, who left her room quietly, saying that she shouldn’t be offended, and that Eleonora was very unwell.
* * *
For a long time after that dreadful day, Svetlana had nightmares. She woke up crying, gasping for air. But as time went by, Svetlana’s fear subsided and the nightmares stopped. The life of the family returned to normal. Eleonora, had damaged her back badly, and suffered a minor heart attack, so she was taken to hospital, where she recovered and was finally returned home.
Life became boring for Svetlana and she felt lonely, especially after her original carer had died. Svetlana had become very suspicious of everyone, often accusing her new carer of putting poison in her drink or food, and making the carer try it first. Svetlana also kept complaining to everybody she met about being mistreated and kept in misery. There was an occasion, when she managed to escape in her wheelchair, and was brought home by a local policeman. After that occasion Felix suggested moving Svetlana to Komarovo not only for the summer but permanently.
Svetlana hated the idea of living at the dacha. Though suffering from a rapidly developing mental illness, she still remembered what had happened in the seaside cottage, and was terrified of living in that house, where the corpse was still in the trunk, in the cellar. However, Eleonora insisted, and soon the two women accompanied by the carer went to live at the dacha. The seaside air proved to be good for Eleonora, who began feeling better, and could take short walks along the shore.
But Svetlana was slipping to insanity faster than any one in the family could have anticipated. Most of the time she lived in her own imaginary world. Coming back to reality was painful, and her nightmares returned.
* * *
Her nightmares continued until the fateful day, 24th March 1992, when Svetlana opened her eyes and entered the worst possible nightmare. Eugeny was there, and he was very angry. “What did you tell the policeman? What did you tell him? Talk to me bitch! Plotting behind my back! You know I hate it, I hate you! Crazy bitch. Talk to me!” 
In the terror her mind went blank, she couldn’t think, the only idea connecting her to sanity was to scream, call for help. “Help! Help me, Eleonora!” The paralysed woman pushed Eugeny away from her, but he only clutched her harder. “Let me go! Help!”
Her screams were weak and hardly audible, but they infuriated Eugeny even more. He shook Svetlana so hard that her head was thrown backwards and forwards, as if she was a rag doll.  “Stop!” The agonized woman shrieked. “Stop it Zhenya! You will break my neck!”
“Will I?” there was a crazy glint in Eugeny’s eyes, as he moved his face closer to Svetlana’s. “You bet I will! That’s what I’m intending to do! You witch!”
He shook her again and again, dashing her body against the back of the sofa. Feeling that the woman was struggling to hold her head steady, Eugeny grabbed her by the hair and pulled furiously to one side. There came a single muffled cracking sound, as if a twig had been snapped, and the head in Eugeny’s hand became strangely heavy. He let go, and the head dangled loosely forward. Dead. She is dead. I’ve killed her. I wanted to kill her, and I did.
“It serves you right! Bitch!” 


~***~


Chapter 43
24th March 1992, Komarovo, evening
Felix, Eugeny, Eleonora

Felix stood by the door of Svetlana’s bedroom, seized with horror. She was lying on the floor, her body twisted and broken in a strange way, like a doll abused by a cruel child. There was something unnatural about the way she lay, her face turned upward, staring at the ceiling, and it took Felix a couple of seconds to realise what it was – her neck was broken. Not being able to take his eyes off the contorted body and feeling nauseous at the same time, Felix moved a couple of steps closer. Her eyes seemed alive, which gave Felix the creeps, as if they were watching him, following his movements. He pulled a cover from the sofa and threw it on the body, covering it completely, face and all.
He next looked at Eugeny, who was sprawled face down on the floor next to Svetlana, and seemed to be fast asleep. Felix crouched near his head and touched the hair gently. Eugeny stirred and mumbled something without waking up. Felix shook him by the shoulder and called his name, but it took a while to wake him up completely.
Finally, grumbling and mumbling, Eugeny sat up, looking annoyed. “What is it Felix? Can’t you see I’m resting? Is it necessary to wake me up so ruthlessly?”
He certainly had no idea where he was or what had happened in the room. Felix didn’t say a word, allowing him to come back to reality. Eugeny looked around, not recognising the place, and then seeing Svetlana’s covered body covered. “Felix? What is it there? Where am I?” He looked in Felix’s face with horror.
Felix removed the cover from Svetlana’s face, revealing the staring eyes. “It looks like you have killed her,” he said in a plain voice. He spoke slowly and quietly, not to provoke Eugeny into a hysterical outburst. Felix was exhausted and aching all over and there was a long night ahead by the look of it. The last thing he needed was to have to cope with Eugeny’s tantrums.
As Felix guessed, Eugeny didn’t remember how he had killed Svetlana. Close to hysteria, Eugeny babbled, “I wanted to talk to her,” he kept repeating. “I wanted to know what the policeman had asked her about. I was scared that the policeman would find out about my trip to Moscow. I just wanted to find out . . .” That was the second time Felix had heard about a policeman that evening, but he had to postpone any questions until later. There were more urgent things to do at the moment. First, what to do with Svetlana’s body?
An idea crossed his mind, to hide her in the cellar, in the big trunk as they had done months ago with the body of Vlada. But, no, this time it was not possible. They would not be able to explain Svetlana’s disappearance, there were too many people involved. Suddenly, a dreadful idea crossed his mind.
“Where’s the carer? She was supposed to be looking after Svetlana and helping with Eleonora. I spoke to her in the afternoon. Did you . . . ?”
“I told her to go, I didn’t want her to be spying on me. I paid her and dismissed her,” Eugeny said.
Thank God, at least the carer was unharmed, and as she hasn’t witnessed anything, she’s actually of no real danger to us. Still, we have  to do something about Svetlana’s body. Felix stood up and took Eugeny to their bedroom, where he made his lover lie down on the bed. “I have to think Zhenya. Stay here for a little while. I’ll call you when I decide what to do.” Then he went to Eleonora’s room.
Felix hated involving his sick mother in another murder case, but there was no way out, he couldn’t think of anything without her help. Eleonora had always been the brains of their family, they relied on her to cover for Eugeny and make plans to save them all. But will she be able to help now? She’s so unwell. Feeling terribly guilty, Felix faced his mother. “Mum,” he spoke quietly, not diverting his eyes from her steady dark gaze, “Svetlana is dead. It looks like Zhenya has killed her. We have to do something about the body. And we can’t hide her in the cellar.” He waited quietly for his mother’s reply.
Eleonora’s breathing became even more laboured, but the colour rose in her cheeks. She struggled to sit up, and managed it with Felix’s help. “How did he kill her? Can we stage it as an accident?” she asked in a quiet but steady voice. The devoted mother was on the go again, helping her son, saving him one last time.
“An accident?” Felix was bewildered at the thought. “I don’t know. Her neck is broken, her whole body is twisted, he must have broken her arms as well.”
“We can stage it as if she fell from the top of the stairs and broke her neck as she fell,” Eleonora said. “If we arrange her body at the foot of the stairs and put her overturned wheelchair nearby, it will look as if she wanted to go down but missed the stair lift, and wheeled down the stairs by accident. She was behaving strangely lately, so perhaps there won’t be much investigation into her death.” Eleonora fell back on the pillows, tired from her efforts.
It’s a good idea, in fact, the only good idea! Felix thought. The crazy woman, alone in her room, trying to get down in her lift, missing it, and tumbling down the stairs in her wheelchair. Hence the broken body and the fatal ending. Yes, it seems very credible, it could work. We have to think about the details, though. For example, where was Zhenya when his mother-in-law fell down the stairs? He had been at home earlier, the nurse would testify for that, so where did he go? Mum had been heavily sedated and was asleep, the ambulance people would witness that, but what to do about Zhenya?
“Thank you Mum. I think it might work. I’ll go down to arrange everything. You lie down and rest. Sorry to pull you into it again.” Felix kneeled by Eleonora’s bed and hid his face in her covers. “Sorry Mum. I love you, I love you so much!” he cried, hugging his mother’s thin body.
She stroked his hair gently. “I love you too my darling. I love you more than life. I’m glad I could be of some help to you.” She stopped, as it was hard for her to talk, breathing shallowly, tears running down her cheeks.
“I’m going to die soon. Don’t interrupt!” she spoke louder, as Felix made a movement to raise his head and speak up in protest. “I know I won’t see another day. I’ve had a good life and I’m so proud of you my dearest! You are the best thing I’ve ever had in my life. Your father would have been proud of you too.” Exhausted she had to take a rest.
Eleonora went on, “There’s something I have been going to ask you ever since that dreadful morning when Vlada died. You remember, you called me, and I came here, and she was lying by the stairs, dead. I don’t know how she died. You told me, she had fallen down the stairs. But how did she fall? Did someone push her? Was that someone Zhenya? Or was it you? I must know now. I can’t die peacefully, if I think that my son is a murderer.” She fell silent, waiting for Felix’s reply.
Felix raised his head slowly and looked his mother straight in the eyes. His look was sober and clear, and Eleonora realised that what she was going to hear was the truth. She waited with anxiety. “That day, Zhenya and I were in our bedroom,” he began. “We were making love and we didn’t hear or notice anything around us. Suddenly, I heard some noise from the hall outside our door, but when I looked that way, there didn’t seem to be anybody. I was turning back to Zhenya, when I caught a glimpse of a movement in the mirror. And then we heard a terrible crashing noise on the stairs and a scream. I dashed to the landing, and there she was, downstairs, lying by the stairs with her body twisted grotesquely.  We didn’t even recognise her at first. Zhenya went hysterical, I hardly managed to calm him. We went downstairs to look. I wanted to call an ambulance, but Zhenya didn’t let me. We didn’t touch her, it was clear she was dead. Then I called you. That is all Mum. Nobody pushed her. I swear to you. It was an accident. Please, believe me.”
Felix finished his story and rested his head again on his mother’s chest. Eleonora’s heart was beating irregularly, with effort. “Thank you my dear.” She said. “Now go. You must take Svetlana downstairs while her body is still flexible. You won’t be able to move it later.”
Felix kissed her gently on her hot dry cheek and stood up. “I’ll see you later Mum. Have a rest now.” He left.
Eugeny was in their bedroom, with the lights on, playing with the computer. When Felix explained the task to him and said that it was necessary to act fast, Eugeny was not very eager to move. “I’m tired Felix. I think I’d rather rest here. Can’t you cope on your own? Perhaps Eleonora could help?”
Even Felix, who was well aware of his lover’s selfishness, was taken aback. Why, Zhenya is the one responsible for the murder, it is his crime we’re trying to cover, he is the cause of Mum’s illness, and now he is trying to shirk any responsibility! He’s suggesting that we should do all the dirty work, and he will stay in this room playing computer games! Felix saw Eugeny in a new light.
All through their years together, Felix had only felt affection and deep love, sometimes pity and sympathy for his lover. He respected Eugeny’s needs and felt proud of him. He liked Eugeny as a bright and intelligent person and admired him as a talented musician. When it became clear that Eugeny was mentally disturbed and was killing young women, Felix did everything to stop the murders happening, to protect the man he loved from any danger of being discovered by the Police. He did it all willingly, just for the sake of his beloved.
Perhaps Zhenya has never appreciated what other people had done for his sake. Being selfish and irresponsible by nature, he always relied on the others to solve his problems. They were always available, first his mother, then Kira, then me. Zhenya has learned to live with the confidence that the people around him were there to please him and to be at his service. I’m sure he loves me, but it’s a selfish love, lacking empathy and the ability to give. With him it’s only one way, demanding and taking.
Suddenly infuriated, Felix approached the bed and pulled the cord from the electric socket, disconnecting the computer immediately. “What have you done?!” Eugeny cried out with the anger of a spoilt child deprived of his favourite toy. “I was in the middle of it. Besides, you shouldn’t disconnect the computer like that, don’t you know?” His lips were trembling, his big eyes filled with tears, a lock of hair fell on his forehead – the whole image so dear to Felix, so lovable, that he felt a stab of pain in his heart. After all, it was mostly my fault that Zhenya hadn’t developed spiritually. I had always been overprotective, forgiving and generous. I had never shown my discontent, never told Zhenya that his behaviour was inappropriate. I realised that he had always been what he was – a naughty spoilt child, intelligent enough to know how to please the grownups and to get what he wanted. And I loved that child, I never thought of changing Zhenya’s nature. I was pleased with my role of the big, strong, generous, and protective lover, pleased to give, to bestow, to indulge, to worship. And now I’m reaping what I have sown.
Felix sat down on the bed by Eugeny’s side. Taking a deep breath, he spoke, “Zhenya, listen to me please. In the other room, behind the wall, there is a dead woman. You killed her, do you remember?” Eugeny shifted uneasily on the bed, pulling the covers over his face. Felix went on, gently uncovering Eugeny’s face. “If we do not move the body downstairs and pretend it was an accident, the police will arrest you, and take you to prison. I won’t be able to save you. We must put the body by the stairs in the hall. I can’t do it on my own. Eleonora is very ill, she is in bed, and she can’t help me. You will have to do it. You can. Please Zhenya, help me.”
Eugeny looked at Felix with understanding, and Felix was pleased to realise that he had finally got to his lover to see sense. “Why do we need to do it?” Eugeny asked with discontent in a grumbling voice. “Why can’t you take her down, to the cellar, and put her alongside with the other one?”
“We can’t hide Svetlana’s body Zhenya!” Felix was getting agitated again. “People will start asking about her. She can’t just vanish! It should be an accident! Come on, you must do it!”
“All right, I will help you. But you must promise you will not let that policeman from Moscow to talk to me again. Promise?”
Felix didn’t want to go into details about a policeman from Moscow at that moment, and he was glad to make any promise. “All right, I promise,” he said quickly. “Let’s get moving Zhenya.”
The two men took Svetlana’s body downstairs, and Felix arranged it on the floor by the stairs, so it would look as if the woman had fallen down. He pushed the wheelchair from the upper floor, and it tumbled down, rumbling and clattering, wheels spinning awkwardly, until it landed on the floor near the body. The stage was set, it looked as if the disabled woman had taken a bad fall and died as a result.
“Now, listen to me Zhenya,” Felix went on, as the two men sat down on the hall chairs for a short rest. “You will be asked where you were after you had talked to the carer and dismissed her. You must say that you stayed with Eleonora for sometime and then decided to go out, as you were worried about me. You walked along the street for a while, you don’t remember how long you walked. Then you saw my car, waved to me, I stopped, and we went home together. We arrived home, entered the hall, and found Svetlana on the floor. That’s all. Can you remember this story?”
He made Eugeny repeat the story several times, until it sounded natural enough. It was time to call an ambulance. After calling and putting down the phone, Felix went upstairs to see how his mother was. Eleonora was lying on the bed, eyes closed, her face peaceful and still. Felix’s heart sank, as he thought that she had died. He dashed to the bed and embraced the old woman in his arms. Her thin body was warm, and with relief he felt vague heart beating. “Mum, please, open your eyes! Can you hear me Mummy! Please, don’t go, don’t leave me!” Felix cried like a little boy, realising that his mother, who had been his best friend all his life, was indeed leaving him forever.
Eleonora’s eye lids quivered and opened with difficulty. “Felix . . .” she said in a weak voice. Then her eyes closed again. Felix left her on the bed, and rushed to the telephone and frantically dialled for another ambulance.
The two ambulances arrived nearly at the same time. The place became filled with people in white medical smocks. The doctors were followed by the police, as always happened in case of an unexpected death. One team of doctors and the police were crowding round Svetlana’s body on the ground floor, while Felix was urging the other team of doctors to proceed to the upper floor and attend to Eleonora. The policeman in charge wouldn’t let anyone walk past the body, as he regarded the place as a ‘crime scene’. Desperate to help Eleonora, Felix tried to reason with the man in charge.
“Please,” he said. “My mother is upstairs and she needs help now. She might be having another heart attack. We must help her. Please, let the doctors walk upstairs and examine my mother. My wife is dead. It’s very tragic, but we can’t help her. It was an accident, she fell, and she died. There’s nothing criminal about her death.”
“How do you know?” The policeman in charge asked, looking over Felix with suspicion. “How do you know that your wife’s fall was a result of an accident? Were you here?”
“Of course I wasn’t!” Felix was loosing patience. “She fell downstairs and nobody pushed her, so she fell as a result of an accident. Isn’t that obvious?”
“There’s nothing ‘obvious’ about her death. I must investigate a suspicious death, and I can’t let anyone contaminate the scene until the experts examine it. I’m sorry about your mother, but she will have to wait.”
Felix was desperate, but the doctors had to wait till the ground floor, stairs, and the landing were thoroughly examined by the experts and Svetlana’s body was taken away. The experts then proceeded to Svetlana’s bedroom, and Felix was finally able to take the ambulance team to his mother’s room. Eleonora was breathing, but her eyes were closed and she didn’t respond to her son’s presence. The doctor checked her heart and pulse, and judging by the solemn expression on his face, the condition of the old woman was serious.
“I would recommend immediate hospitalisation,” the doctor said. “But I’m afraid she might not make it. It’s hard to say something definite without a proper check, but she might have suffered another heart attack, a massive one, in which case moving her could be fatal.”
Felix was devastated. His mother was dying, and there was nothing he could do! “I think we should try, we can’t just sit and wait for her to die. She might be saved at the hospital!” The doctor reluctantly agreed, as he realised that the old woman still had a slight chance with proper treatment. With great caution, Eleonora was taken down on a stretcher. She was put into the ambulance and driven away with the siren wailing. Felix followed in his car, Eugeny with him. In the hospital Eleonora was immediately taken to the intensive therapy ward, and Felix and Eugeny waited in the corridor. They sat on the uncomfortable wooden bench, where so many people had sat before them – some crying, some desperate, some hopeful, some happy – full of emotions about their loved ones. Felix turned to Eugeny for support. He sought comfort in his lover’s arms, crying on his shoulder.


~***~


Chapter 44
25th March 1992, St Petersburg
Morning, Vadim Vasin

The night reluctantly gave way to a pale bland morning. Snow, which had fallen in abundance yesterday, was starting to melt, adding to the generally grey colour of the new day. Vadim hadn’t had a good sleep; all night he had been tossing and turning in his hotel bed, and thinking of ways of interrogating Eugeny. The previous evening, when he first arrived from Komarovo, he managed to talk to the head of the local Police Department, his personal friend of many years, and was promised any help he required. Vadim intended to make an early start in the morning.
He was already at the St Petersburg police headquarters by 8 a.m. as he wanted to obtain a warrant that would enable him to interrogate Eugeny. While he was talking to the officer-in-charge, an assistant delivered the previous day’s operational reports. “There’s something here for you,” the officer told Vadim. “You mentioned the Kaplans, well, here’s a Kaplan for you: Svetlana Kaplan was found dead in her own house in Komarovo. It looked like an accident,” and the officer handed Vadim the report.
Vadim felt as if he was struck by lightning. Svetlana’s dead! After talking to me and telling me something about a corpse in the cellar. Was it true? Was it possible that Svetlana possessed some information, which she couldn’t share with anybody else? Did this knowledge make her dangerous to the others? And I didn’t act on what the poor woman told me, I ignored her and left her there, with the people who might have killed her!
“I demand that her death is investigated properly,” Vadim said to the officer. “I think I possibly possess some information that could be crucial. I also want a search warrant for the house in Komarovo.” And after the briefest of pauses he added, “Is the post-mortem under control? I would like it carried out urgently, and I would like to be informed about the results.”
After talking to the officer-in-charge, Vadim stayed in the office to make a call to Moscow, to enquire how the investigation into his grandmother’s death was going. He had left for St Petersburg before any information about Kira Krassilnikova had been obtained; now he was expecting to hear some news.
The news was really shocking. Kira’s parents were Gregory and Klava Krassilnikov, who died in 1965. It was a tragic event: General Krassilnokov had shot his wife and then killed himself. Kira wasn’t the only child; she had a brother, Eugeny, ten years her senior. There was no further record about children; in fact, all the mention of Krassilnokov family had been deliberately eliminated, and it took some effort by his colleagues to find some information in the KGB Archives.
So, Eugeny is Kira’s brother? What is the relationship between Kira and Felix and Svetlana Kaplan then? If they adopted the girl after her parents had died, why was it kept secret? Kira wasn’t a baby, and she would remember her own parents, and she would certainly know that Eugeny was her own brother. How could she marry him? There were too many questions than needed answers. One thing is clear, Vadim thought, Gran Tanya must have poked a stick into a wasps’ nest when she visited Kira in her dressing room at the theatre. Granny had known Kira’s real parents, she knew that Kira had a brother and that his name was Eugeny. That made her dangerous. She had to be shut up promptly. And she was . . . Poor Gran Tanya.
Vadim knew the answer to one question now: why his granny was killed. The other question remained: by whom? Was it Slava Kot? His role’s not clear yet, and in general, there’s nothing to implicate him for the time being. Or was it Eugeny, who had travelled to Moscow and drowned my Gran and then returned to St Petersburg the same day? After all, he, or a man like him, had been seen near Gran Tanya’s place. Vadim told his colleagues in Moscow to check if Eugeny Krassilnikov had been on any flight from St Petersburg and back.
Before leaving for Komarovo with a warrant, Vadim enquired about the post-mortem of Svetlana. The post-mortem was still in process, and he was asked to join the team: there was another shocking revelation awaiting him there. The woman seemed to have died as the result of a violent beating, during which her neck was broken. Some injuries had a posthumous character, which meant that her murderer didn’t stop after the woman was dead, but went on violating her lifeless body. What a monster! I can’t imagine who would do it to Svetlana! Was it her husband? Or was it Eugeny? Vadim had the impression, after encountering Eugeny yesterday, that the man is potentially dangerous.
The post-mortem revealed that the dead woman had never given birth, which proved what Vadim already knew: she wasn’t Kira’s real mother. But it also turned out that Svetlana was a virgin – she had never known a man in her life. So, Felix was married to a woman he had never slept with? Not even before she became paralysed? There were no obvious answers to the questions, only the Kaplan-Krassilnikov family members could give them. It was time to go to Komarovo and question them.
Before leaving, Vadim checked the fax machine. There was a fax from Moscow: Eugeny Krassilnikov was on an airplane from St Petersburg on March 12th. He returned to St Petersburg the same evening, taking the last flight. That more or less implicated Eugeny but seemed to clear the others, though Vadim was still not sure about their role in his grandmother’s murder.


~***~


Chapter 45
25th March 1992, St Petersburg, morning & early afternoon
Felix, Eugeny

By the end of the night both Felix and Eugeny were exhausted, and they fell asleep on a hard wooden bench, still wrapped in each other’s arms. The sound of footsteps woke Felix and he opened his eyes immediately, stirring from his light sleep and sitting upright. Eugeny merely rearranged himself on the seat and went on sleeping. The doctor came up to them, and by the look on his face Felix realised that the news wasn’t too good. Still hoping for the miracle, he got up and moved to meet the doctor.
“We have done everything possible,” the doctor said. “She’s conscious at the moment, you can see her. I can’t promise anything, you have to be brave.” He led Felix to the intensive care ward, where the assistants were moving away some sophisticated equipment, which had been used in the attempt to revive Eleonora. Everything possible had been done, now it was in the hands of God – whether the woman was strong enough to fight back, whether she had enough desire to live.
Felix sat down on the edge of the hospitable bed and held his mother’s hand. Eleonora managed a weak smile – really a ghost of her usual happy and radiant smile, which had always made others smile in return – and pressed her son’s fingers slightly. “I’m sorry Son,” she whispered. Felix could barely hear her, and he bent closer, not to miss anything. “I can’t be here for you any longer. You must cope on your own now. Look after Zhenya, he is like a child, he needs you.”
Eleonora’s breathing was becoming more laboured, and she had difficulty in talking. Felix couldn’t suppress his tears any longer, “I love you Mummy,” he sobbed, desperately clutching her hands, as if trying to squeeze life into his dying mother. “I love you so much!”
The old woman squeezed his hand with all the strength remaining in her body. “I love you too Felix.” Her eyes closed and the hand went limp.
The doctor came up to Felix, who was still sitting on the bed, holding his mother’s hand, and helped him up. “You must go now. Your friend is waiting for you. Go, have a rest. The funeral arrangements will not start until tomorrow. We have some formalities to fulfil.”
Felix let himself be lead into the corridor. He felt numb. His mother was gone, what was he going to do? How was it possible to live without her? She had always been there for him, there wasn’t a single move he had made without consulting with his mother. She took care of them all, the whole family. Now everything had become his responsibility. He was the oldest, the head of the family. It seemed too hard at that moment, and he wondered if he would manage to carry this burden.
Eugeny met his lover by the door. Seeing Felix’s tears he realised immediately that there was nothing to hope for, Eleonora had died. He grabbed Felix in his arms, wailing aloud with such agony that it startled even the medical people, who were used to all kinds of reaction. Instead of crying and looking for comfort and complaining about his loss, Felix found himself reassuring Eugeny, soothing him as if he were a child. The nurse came with a glass of water and some tranquiliser drops, which she made Eugeny drink. Finally the sobs subsided, and the two men walked away, still holding each other.
Mum told me to look after Zhenya, Felix remembered. Those were the last thoughts on her mind. She was worried about him. I must, and I will protect him. I promise you, Mum.
The two men got into their car, which had been parked outside the hospital and was bitterly cold inside. Felix wasn’t sure it would start, but it did, and he turned on the heating to full blast. After a while the warm air from the vents made the inside of the car more welcoming and comfortable. The windows steamed up, and the lovers were in their own little world.
Felix didn’t want to go anywhere, but it was time to return home. He started driving and was half way to their apartment, when he suddenly remembered about Svetlana and about everything that had happened the day before. They had to go back to Komarovo, Felix wasn’t sure if he had locked the front door – he was in such a hurry and in an agitated state that he could easily have forgotten to lock it. He hoped that the police were satisfied that Svetlana’s death was an accident, why wouldn’t they? After all, she was just an ordinary person, nobody special or important, and the police had too many unsolved crimes on their hands, to bother with a trivial case like this.
The roads were better than the day before, the snow had been cleared and driving was much easier. Eugeny was silent, looking sadly out the window. Suddenly he turned his head to Felix: “You promised not to let that policeman interrogate me, remember? He will be coming back I think. Perhaps it’s better not to go to Komarovo, but to hide me somewhere. You could talk to him and tell him I’m away on a tour or something.”
Felix had forgotten all about it, now he remembered vaguely that Eugeny had indeed mentioned a policeman. “What is it about Zhenya?” Felix asked. “Who is that policeman and why did he want to talk with you? And why is he going to come back?” Eugeny was silent. Felix knew that quality of his lover: when he was afraid of something or thought that Felix might be displeased with him, he would become silent. Usually it took time and patience to hook out a confession when Eugeny was in his silent mood. This time Felix didn’t feel like talking anyway, so silence was fine with him. He just kept on driving.
Soon Eugeny became impatient, as he was expecting Felix to start asking questions. Felix though just quietly drove the car, not showing any interest in Eugeny. “You don’t love me!” Eugeny blurted out. “You don’t want to save me from the police! And they could be waiting for me at the dacha!” his voice cracked, and he covered his face with his hands.
Felix sighed. Of course, it was always his fault, he was supposed to show interest, be nice and loving, and coax Eugeny to reveal his secrets – however gross they were – so that they could think of the way out.
“Zhenya, I’m ready to help you, but I don’t know what you have done and why the police are after you,” Felix began patiently. “If you tell me what the problem is, I will think how to help you. You see, I’m driving, and I must concentrate on the road. Besides, I’m very upset about Mum. Please, tell me about that policeman, and I will help you.” Eugeny sat still for awhile, but seeing that Felix was not showing any more interest, he finally decided to talk.
At first Felix couldn’t make much sense from Eugeny’s mumbling about a button, a girl in Moscow, a policeman from Marina’s case, about Kira and an old woman from the theatre. He thought that it would probably be better after all to go to their town apartment and talk there, give Eugeny time to go on with his story and to think of the way out of whatever the trouble he had incurred. He could always phone the neighbours in Komarovo and ask them to check on the house. The neighbours had the keys to the front door and they could lock it. Felix took the next turn, and set on the way to the centre of the city again.
“I’ve decided to go home, Zhenya. We’ll have a rest, and you will tell me everything. Then I’ll probably go to the dacha on my own, and you can stay at home. Is that all right?” Eugeny liked the plan and started to talk more sense. Finally Felix guessed that there were two separate stories that Eugeny was telling him, which were somehow connected. He decided to wait till they got home, then he could ask Eugeny some questions that would help to clarify everything.
He parked the car in the garage at the front of their block of apartments, and the two men went home. Felix went straight to the kitchen to put on a kettle, and Eugeny followed, still mumbling inarticulately. Having made them both a cup of hot coffee, Felix sat down on the corner divan in the kitchen, which was his favourite place, and said, “All right. Let’s start again. Can you be more detailed this time and speak clearly? First tell me about the girl in Moscow, then about the theatre and Kira, and then about the policeman: why he is interested in both cases and why he wants to talk to you about them.” Felix leaned back on the seat and sipped his coffee lazily, prepared to listen to Eugeny’s story. Little did he know that these few minutes were the last peaceful minutes in his life.
The story about the missing button and the coat really impressed Felix; it sounded like the script for a detective film, and was more amusing than frightening. It wasn’t clear why Eugeny was so much afraid of the policeman. “There’s nothing in it, Zhenya,” Felix said. “Even if it’s really your button and you really killed that girl all these years ago, they won’t be able to prove anything. You shouldn’t even think about it. If the policeman wants to talk about it, let him. I’ll be with you, don’t worry, and I won’t let him ask you any inappropriate questions”.
“How about the other story then?” Felix was relaxed now, sure that there was nothing serious about Eugeny’s fears, just his usual paranoia about the police. However, as Eugeny spoke, revealing more details, Felix became more and more concerned. Finally, when Eugeny mentioned buying a ticket and flying to Moscow, Felix jumped off the divan. 
“Are you saying that you actually went to Moscow? On your own? Without saying a word to me?” Felix was too shocked to feel really angry. “Why did you want to do that? What could you do to help Kira out of the trouble? She and Slava were doing well, your appearance could only spoil everything. It was very stupid of you to go!”
Eugeny hated being called stupid. Felix knew it and was usually careful not to offend his sensitive friend, but he lost control this time, as he realised that Eugeny’s stupidity could have cost them both dearly. Infuriated, Eugeny sprang on his feet, his face flushing, his nostrils flaring, his mouth snarled in an ugly grimace.
“I’m not stupid!” he shouted, stomping his feet like an angry child. “I was the only one who took any action to shut down that old bitch of an usher! She was dangerous for all of us, she knew me! She knew I was Kira’s brother, not her husband. She had known our parents, and she would be very much surprised to find out that you considered yourself Kira’s father. Can you imagine what would happen if she started talking around? I had to act promptly to make her close her mouth forever. So I did. And instead of gratitude, what do I hear? That I was stupid!”
Felix sat down slowly, as his legs suddenly felt weak and shaky. “What do you mean,” he had to clear his throat, which had contracted with a sudden congestion. “What do you mean, make her close her mouth? What did you do? Tell me Zhenya! You didn’t do anything bad to the old woman, did you?” Even asking that question sounded silly, as Felix already knew the answer, he already guessed what his lover was going to say and what he had done.
Still agitated and full of ‘righteous anger’, Eugeny said, “Nothing ‘bad’ could happen to her. She was too old to live anyway. Enough is enough. How old was she? Ninety? Ninety five? I did her a favour, putting an end to her misery. She didn’t suffer, if that’s what you mean”.
He’s actually proud of himself, thought Felix, He thinks, he has done us all a favour by killing the old woman. While in reality, he has signed our death warrant.
“How did you do it?” To Felix his own voice sounded strange and distant, “Did you break her neck as with Svetlana?” He really didn’t want to know, he was only asking so as to keep talking. All he wanted now, was to wake up and find that he had been having a horrible nightmare.
“I didn’t break her neck!” Eugeny sounded indignant. “It was all very smartly staged to look like an accident. Remember, how my mother and I had staged it with the Nanny? I did the same with the old woman, except that I hit her on the temple of her head first, not too hard, just to knock her out, then I drowned her in the bath. She didn’t even struggle much, there was hardly any water on the floor. Clean, neat, brilliant! And whenever she was discovered, it looked like she had fallen in the bath and drowned.”
“And still, this policeman, who you spoke to earlier, has come to St Petersburg to talk to you. What do you think it is, a coincidence?”
Why am I talking to him, Felix thought.  There is no point at all, he won’t understand. Besides, nothing could be changed. Still Felix kept up this useless conversation, as if hoping to make Eugeny realise his fault and go back in time to correct his terrible mistake.
“There must be something about the old woman, which made the police especially interested,” Felix proceeded. “Otherwise, why would a high ranking police officer from Moscow, take the trouble of travelling all the way here to talk to you?”
“I think I know what the connection is,” Eugeny said. “I talked to the old woman, you know, pretended I had come to see her, said I was so glad to meet her again after all those years, and so on. She was ever so happy! Treated me to some roast chicken. And she went on talking and talking, all about the good old times, and then about her grandson, Vadim, who she was really proud of. And guess what that grandson’s profession is . . . ? A policeman . . . ! So when he confronted me, in front of the dacha, I immediately put two and two together and I realised that he might have found out about me and followed me to Komarovo. So I don’t want to talk with him again. You promised I won’t!”
Everything is clear now, Felix could see all the pieces of the puzzle fall into place. The old woman that Eugeny murdered . . . her grandson is a high ranking police officer. He has discovered something suspicious about his grandmother’s death, but he has no proof – otherwise he would have had a warrant when he came to Komarovo. He probably just wanted to talk to Kira, since she was the one who had visited his grandmother. Then he met Svetlana, and God knows what the crazy woman could have told him. Then he talked to Eleonora, and that conversation nearly frightened mum to death. And Sod’s Law, the policeman bumped into Eugeny outside the dacha. There was a whole chain of strange coincidences or bad luck on Eugeny’s behalf, and now the policeman is just one step from identifying his grandmother’s murderer. 
“No Zhenya,” Felix spoke slowly. “I won’t let you talk to him again, don’t be afraid. I promised I would protect you, and I will keep my word. Come here, sit by my side.”
Eugeny came to the settee and sat down by Felix’s side. They cuddled together, holding each other tight, enjoying the warmth of each other’s body. They sat like that for a long time, not wanting to move, trying to postpone the moment when it would be necessary to break the embrace and stand up. Finally Eugeny stirred, Felix let go of him and moved on the divan. Felix’s face was very pale and looked old. He was not the same man who had driven to the dacha in Komarovo the previous evening. There was an expression of determination on his drawn tired face, as if he had come to some final decision that brought him peace within himself.
“Come, Zhenya, we must go now,” he spoke quietly and firmly. “Get dressed.”
“Where are we going? Wouldn’t it be better to stay here?” Eugeny was reluctant to leave the warm apartment and go out in the cold of the March afternoon. “We can always pretend we’re out, if they come looking for us here!”
Ignoring his lover, Felix put on his coat and shoes and opened the front door. Eugeny had to follow suit. The two of them went down to their garage, which was just a metal box, one of five, at the front of their block of apartments.
The two men entered the garage, and Felix switched on the lights. “Oh, it’s cold as a grave!” Eugeny exclaimed indignantly. “Let’s get in the car quickly and drive away before I have my nose frostbitten!” and he got into the car. Felix lingered by the garage door, closing it behind him and locking it from the inside. He then followed Eugeny, got inside the car, and started the engine. The white clouds of vapour began emerging from the exhaust pipe. The heater had been turned on earlier, and waves of the hot air soon streamed into the car.
“Let’s sit here for a while,” Felix said, “Let’s get warm, so you don’t have your nose frostbitten.”
“Why did you lock the door?” Eugeny suddenly asked, moving uneasily in his seat. “We are going somewhere, aren’t we? Why lock the door then?”
Felix leaned back in the driver’s seat. “I don’t want to be disturbed. Let’s just sit here in the warmth, I’m tired. Put your head on my shoulder, let me embrace you.”
Eugeny complied, though with uncertainty. They sat together in the warm car, their eyelids getting heavier and heavier, drifting into sleep.
“We can be affected by the fumes,” Eugeny muttered half asleep. “Shhhhhhhh”, Felix embraced Zhenya harder. “Relax. I love you.”
“I love you too.”
In the silence of the locked garage the engine continued running.


~***~


Chapter 46
25th March 1992, Komarovo, late afternoon, & evening
Vadim Vasin

Vadim Vasin stood outside the house in Komarovo, anxiously smoking a cigarette. The search group was working in the house, and there was no end in sight just yet. When they arrived at the dacha several hours previously, they found the front door unlocked and the house empty. Talking to the neighbours clarified the picture for Vadim: two ambulances were seen near the house late at night, and Felix’s car followed one of the ambulances as it was leaving. Nobody had seen either Felix or Eugeny since. Two neighbours were officially invited to be witnesses during the search of the house. By midday the two main floors had been searched, and the forensic group had finished their work on the stairs and in Svetlana’s room. The witnesses went home for lunch, Vadim went out for a smoke, and his colleagues had a break before going down into the basement.
Vadim remembered his conversation with Svetlana. Was it only yesterday that I first spotted that figure in a wheelchair by the water front. She seemed to be so desperate to tell me something important, but I thought she was delirious.  If I had acted differently, she would probably still be alive, but it is too late to speculate about ‘what if’. Vadim reminded himself that he had come to St Petersburg unofficially, to try and find witnesses regarding his grandmother’s death. His main aim was to talk to Kira and then Eugeny, but reality took him somewhere completely different, and other murders seemed to have been uncovered due to his activity.
He was totally convinced that Eugeny had something to do with his Granny’s murder. It also looked like Eugeny was connected with an old crime – the first crime Vadim had ever worked on, a murdered girl all those years ago. It was more of a gut feeling, but Vadim was convinced that the button found at the scene of murder, the one he had carried in his pocket ever since, had come from Eugeny’s coat. But did Eugeny kill the girl? And, what was more essential, did he kill Gran Tanya? Vadim couldn’t wait to interrogate Eugeny, look into the man’s eyes and hear what he had to say.
Eugeny and Felix were nowhere to be found. Then came news from the hospital about Eleonora’s death. Another setback, Vadim thought bitterly. I bet that woman knew a lot, but now all her secrets are gone. He expected Felix and Eugeny to go home after Eleonora had died, but there was no answer on their phone, and they hadn’t shown up at the dacha either. Vadim was expecting them any minute, and asked for the police cars to be moved away from the house, so as not to spook the men when they turned up. He also left a message with the staff at the Philharmonic, asking them to let him know if either of the musicians arrived for the evening performance.
The lunch break over, the investigation crew and the witnesses assembled back at the dacha to finish searching. Vadim called the apartment again, but still there was no answer. Perhaps they are not answering the phone on purpose? There was no warrant for a search of the apartment, and Vadim didn’t want to alert Eugeny if he was there. They should turn up here, he thought. The house was left unlocked, and Felix would certainly want to come back.
The search in the cellar took more time than had been intended. It was more like a basement, as big as the ground floor, and there were a lot of secret places where the body could have been hidden. One thing was clear from the very beginning: the door to the cellar hadn’t been opened in years. There was cobweb hanging from the ceiling, the floor was covered with thick layer of dust, undisturbed by any footprints, the shelves along the walls contained lots of jars with something unrecognisable - presumably very old pickles and preservatives. The team moved slowly, checking every cupboard and box big enough to be called a chest. Vadim went out for another smoke; he couldn’t bare the tension that was building up among the search crew as they opened door after door, lid after lid.
The sun was about to disappear, the short day nearly over. Soon it would be dark, but still no sign of Felix and Eugeny. What if they decide to hide? the thought suddenly came to mind. What if Eugeny really killed my grandmother and Svetlana, and decides to flee? But then Felix wouldn’t cover for him. Or would he? What if the two of them have already left the city and are on their way abroad? Even Riga would do, that’s where Kira seems to be at the moment. Damn. . .  Riga is in a foreign country, and they could hide there for as long as they want.  I should have thought about it earlier . . .
Calls from the cellar interrupted his thoughts. They must have found the body! Vadim tumbled down the stairs nearly twisting his ankle. The whole team and the two witnesses were standing by a big chest. The heavy lid had just been opened, and the contents revealed. The terrible stench escaping from the chest was sickening. It was clear that something dead had been hidden under thick plastic bags. One of the team, clad in forensic outfit, carefully moved the covers aside. The woman witness screamed and recoiled from the scene, her husband likewise, his face white as chalk. Hidden under the thick plastic bag was a human body in an advanced stage of decomposition.
So Svetlana wasn’t delirious when she spoke about the body in the cellar! There was indeed a corpse hidden in the chest, and it might be that of Vlada Volkovich, who had disappeared several years ago during the operetta tour. It seemed the woman didn’t disappear during the tour, but came to Komarovo for some reason, where she was murdered and her body hidden in the trunk. What had made Vlada come to the dacha, and why was she killed?
It was decided not to remove the body from the chest, but to take it undisturbed for forensic analysis and a post-mortem. The team continued working in the cellar, but Vadim didn’t expect them to make any more shocking discoveries. He was more and more concerned about Eugeny and Felix. They hadn’t come to the dacha, and nobody saw them at the philharmonic. Vadim decided to go back to St Petersburg and visit their apartment. They might be just staying in their apartment. Felix has just lost his wife and mother, he must be in a terrible state. And Eugeny is probably supporting him during this hard time. Vadim was trying to calm down, but it was impossible to deceive himself; deep inside he had this cold feeling, more of an instinct, telling him that something was very wrong. Vadim didn’t go personally to their apartment, a junior policeman was sent there instead and found no sign of them – their apartment was locked, there was no light in the windows, and it was quiet. I will go later, after the post-mortem on Vlada is done, he promised himself. It may give me some clues.
The post-mortem revealed that the woman had suffered a skull injury and some minor bone fractures, and that she died as a result of broken neck. The pathologist was fairly sure that the injuries were obtained during the fall down the stairs. “Whether she fell or she was pushed, she definitely tumbled head over heels downstairs, breaking her neck as she landed. It looks like her shoe became trapped, see, the anklebone is fractured, and then fell backwards down the steep stairs. It is a bit strange that she didn’t try to grab the banisters, at least her hands do not reveal and attempts of doing so. In fact, her arms were both broken from the impact with the floor, and were twisted, with the hands hidden under the body. Now, here’s why she was so unwilling to make use of her hands!” The pathologist turned the body, revealing a handbag, clutched in the dead hands. “There! She was protecting the handbag, not willing to let it go. If I were you, I would look for the clue to the girl’s death in that.”
The handbag was carefully removed and taken to the forensic laboratory. Apart from a passport in the name of Vladislava Volkovich and an air ticket Minsk to Leningrad, there was a camcorder and several videotape cassettes. The specialists set to work on the videotapes to see what could be salvaged. There was also a wad of $100 USD banknotes, which when counted turned out to be exactly $1000.
Finding the body in the house was a good enough reason to demand a detention warrant from the public prosecutor. In less than half an hour Vadim was on his way to St Petersburg, determined to find and detain Felix Kaplan and Eugeny Krassilnikov. On the way he couldn’t stop thinking about the dead woman, who had remained hidden in the cellar for years. What a terrible fate! But was she murdered or did she die as a result of an accident? What was there on the videotapes in her handbag?  Hopefully, the experts would manage to see it. Vadim arrived at the apartment block, so familiar by now, well into the evening when most of the people were at home relaxing after work. The majority of the windows were lit brightly. Vadim thought with sorrow about his own apartment – empty and sad – and then about his Gran’s home, always so friendly and welcoming, but now empty and without its owner. He stood looking at the windows, trying to figure out which ones belonged to Felix’s apartment.
An old man with a dog on the lead, came out of the entrance door, walking carefully on the slippery pavement. He saw Vadim and stopped, then shouted, ”You are not afraid of dogs, are you? I’m going to let my boy do his little things in private, to let him off the lead. He won’t disturb you?”
“It’s all right,” Vadim replied kindly, “I like dogs, let the old boy have a little promenade here!” The dog, given some freedom, walked past Vadim giving him a side glance, and headed towards the nearby trees.
“I’ve seen you before,” said the old man, taking a pack of cigarettes out of his coat pocket and shaking one out. He then started feeling in his pockets, looking for a lighter. Approaching him, Vadim produced a lighter and lit the old man’s cigarette. “You smoke?” The old man offered Vadim his cigarettes. “Thanks,” Vadim took one and lit it. They stood side by side, smoking.
“Yes, I was here earlier,” Vadim replied to the old man’s statement. “I came to see any of the Kaplans or Krassilnikovs, but no such luck. I wonder if they are still out.” He pointed at the dark windows.
 “And you are?” The old man was curious and cautious at the same time.
 Vadim decided not to reveal his real identity, but not to be too far from reality either. 
“I work for the police. I’m here as a bearer of sad news, and I don’t know if Felix and Eugeny are already aware of it. The thing is, Felix’s wife had a fatal accident. And his mother had a heart attack and was taken to hospital, where she died. We have been trying to contact Felix or Eugeny all day, but they were just not available. So, here I am again, in one last attempt to find any of them.” Vadim fell silent, looking at the old man.
“Oh my God! Eleonora dead! Oh, poor woman! And Svetlana as well! What terrible news indeed!” he started crying, smearing tears over his wrinkled face. “And you say the boys might not know! God, what a tragedy!” The dog heard his owner’s upset voice and came back in big leaps, intending to protect the man from whatever or whoever had upset him. “There Jack, I’m OK, don’t worry old boy.” The old man patted the dog’s big head, and the dog licked his palm and sat down by his side.
“You know,” the old man continued, getting calmer, “I saw them today. Early in the morning. They came in a car. I saw Felix leave the car in the garage, and the two of them went inside the building. They must have left later, but I didn’t notice.”
“Do you think they went in the car?” Vadim asked.
“Could have . . . yes. Or Felix could have left it in the garage.” The old man gestured to the group of metal garages not far from the entrance. “His is the one on the right, with a heavy bolt on the door. He always bolts the garage and puts a padlock on. You know, better safe than sorry.”
Vadim thanked the talkative old man and walked towards the garage. The garages were all dark, and most of them hadn’t been opened since the time of the last snowfall, as the snow in front of them was untouched and rather deep. But the garage on the right seemed to have been in use recently: the deep snow had been cleared away from the door, and there were clearly visible tyre marks in the fresh snow. Vadim came closer, holding his lighter and trying to see more detail in the light of the dancing flame. Something seems wrong here, he thought. Then he remembered: the bolt, the padlock. The heavy metal bolt was hanging loose, and there was no padlock on the door. Vadim tried the handle; the door seemed to be locked. Could it be locked from the inside?
He bent down to look into the keyhole, though of course there was nothing to see in the dark. He detected a strange smell, which disappeared when he stood upright. He bent down again, yes, it definitely smelt strange near the keyhole, the smell was coming from inside the garage – a faint smell of burning. Vadim grabbed the handle and pulled hard, rattling the metal door on its hinges. A cold sweat crept down his back, somehow he knew there was something wrong in there. Something had to be done, he needed to open the door of the garage, and urgently. He walked back to the entrance, where the old man stood waiting for Jack to come back from his walk. Vadim asked the old man, “Can I use your phone? It is vitally important to make the call.”
Calling Jack, who turned up obediently, the old man led Vadim to his apartment. In a couple of minutes Vadim was talking to the people from Police Department, asking for help to open the metal garage. “I think it could be locked from the inside. No padlock or bolt on the outside. Should be easy to open.”
He left the warm apartment, declining a kind invitation to stay and have a cup of tea, and went outside to wait by the garage, as if he were guarding it to prevent any escapees – not that he particularly expected any. Deep down he had a hunch, Whoever is inside might not be able to flee.
The technical crew arrived and easily picked the lock. The heavy metal door was pulled open. The stench of the exhaust, so heavy that it hit like a punch, made everybody step back. The light was on in the garage, but because of the thick exhaust fumes it looked dim. The car’s engine was still running, producing more and more deadly gas. They had to wait a couple of minutes for the air to clear, at least a little bit, before one of the policemen dared to enter the garage with his face covered by a scarf. He quickly reached to the car’s front door and pulled it open. Then he leaned in and turned off  the ignition; the car fell silent. The policeman came running out, gasping for fresh air. “There are two men in the car,” he reported. “Both dead.”  More police arrived, followed by two ambulances. Then lots of action followed, with the bodies examined and taken away, the garage and the car treated as a crime scene. But Vadim seemed oblivious to all these activities. He was deep in his own world, thinking again what if, wondering if he could have saved the two men if he had arrived earlier and thought of checking the garage. He never considered the option of Eugeny committing suicide, though he was more or less sure that Eugeny had committed more than one murder. The man was not the type, he seemed to be too much in love with himself, too weak and neurotic. People like Eugeny were more likely to kill when cornered than harm themselves. Still, Vadim could possibly understand Eugeny’s suicide. But why Felix? Could it be that I had underestimated Felix and the two men were together in all murders? It didn’t sound likely, but Felix Kaplan was sitting in the driver’s seat of the car, which was set-up to fill his own garage with poisonous gas, and it didn’t look like he was forced to be there. If I find out why they committed suicide, I will solve the case, Vadim thought.  I will understand the mystery of Vlada’s disappearance, Svetlana’s death, and even my Gran’s murder. He inhaled deeply on his cigarette, tossed away the smoking butt end, and followed the search team to Felix’s and Eugeny’s apartments.
The layout of their apartments surprised Vadim, as they appeared to be connected together. Each apartment had its own separate entrance, but inside had been modified to form one huge apartment. There were two bathrooms, a spacious kitchen with an adjacent diner, a bedroom with all modern disability appliances, presumably Svetlana’s, two single bedrooms where they found things belonging to Eleonora and Kira, and a big master bedroom with a huge double bed and a large built-in wardrobe. But strangely only men’s things were found in the large built-in wardrobe. Whose room was it? Vadim wondered.
The search of the apartment was half way through, when there came a telephone call from Major Somov at the Police headquarters. The news was stunning, and Vadim immediately rushed to the headquarters.
“We have got something on the tape from the girl’s handbag,” Major Somov, who was in charge of the case, told Vadim as they were walking quickly along the corridor. The building was empty at that late hour but for a few enthusiasts, who didn’t mind working round the clock.
“You will see for yourself,” Somov went on excitedly. “It’s all sex, sex, sex. The girl was definitely perverted, filming stuff like that. Unless she was spying on people, and then it would explain her death. Some one got particularly pissed off about her, and pushed her down the stairs! I would, if she filmed me in bed with a lover!”
They entered the laboratory, where technicians were working on the tape. Vadim was shown a piece, which had been left nearly undamaged. The Major was right, it was all about sex. And it was clear that the filming was done from inconvenient angle: the camcorder had been placed somewhere high above the bed, where two people were making love. It could have been done with the camcorder set for automatic filming, the expert explained. The tape was not first class condition, but on replay showed two people who were clearly recognisable. Vadim had seen the woman before, it was Kira Krassilnikova. The man though, wasn’t her husband, and Vadim had never met him. Vadim shared his knowledge with his colleagues.
“This woman, Vlada Volkovich, she must have been spying on these two.” Vadim was sure he had finally started to understand the connection between the events. “She was going to blackmail them. That’s why she went to the dacha in Komarovo, to show the tape to Kira’s husband, Eugeny. And then something there went wrong, and she finished up dead at the bottom of the stairs.”
“I’m sure you’re right,” replied the technician, who was manipulating another tape. “Look what I’ve got here. It was in the camera, and the quality is poor, but I’ll work at it. Still, the people are recognisable. The light is not good, but have a look for yourself.”
The two people on the screen were making love. The light indeed was poor, but one could clearly see their naked bodies, every movement they made. The face of one person could be distinctly visible, it was Felix Kaplan. For a second Vadim was stunned, something was wrong there, he couldn’t put things together.  He was about to comment, when the other person’s face became visible. It was Eugeny Krassilnikov, there was no doubt about that, who was lying in Felix’s arms.  Everybody in the laboratory gasped in surprise.
“I’ll be damned!” Someone said quietly in the dead silence of the room. “It’s a man!” On the screen the two men were making love with hot passion.
“It’s Eugeny Krassilnokov and Felix Kaplan,” Vadim found it difficult to speak, as his mouth had turned dry, his ears were ringing, as blood pounded in his temples. “They were lovers. Oh my God . . . that explains everything. Every single move, every single fact. Now it’s all become clear. They must have been lovers all these years? And nobody had suspected anything? But of course, they were both married. But married to whom? Felix’s wife, Svetlana, was just a camouflage, she had been handicapped before they married, and Felix had never slept with her. And Eugeny was married to his own sister! Kira Krassilnikova!”
The phone rang, and Major Somov picked it up. “Yes?” he said, then added after a little while, “We already know, thanks anyway,” and put down the phone. “It was the pathologist. He’s doing the autopsy on the suicides. He called to let us know that the two men were probably homosexuals.”
The tape from the camera was still playing. Then the image on the screen disappeared, as if the camera was quickly hidden away, but it was still working, though recording nothing but the sound. The people in the lab could hear someone breathing, then a short cry, more of a surprise than of pain, and then a lot of  knocking and bumping, accompanied with gasps and shrieks, and finally a thud. After a moments pause, more sounds came on, this time voices of the two men and their hurried footsteps, as they descended the stairs.
“Who is it for God’s sake?” came Felix’s breathless voice.
“She was spying on us! She came to peep on us!”  Eugeny sounded scared and agitated. “Look Felix, it’s Vlada! The bloody woman! She must have come to spy on me! Get up, you bitch! I’ll kick this bullshit out of you! I’ve had enough!” Eugeny’s voice had risen to a shriek.
“Stop it Zhenya,” was Felix’s frightened response. “Stop it! For God’s sake, she is dead! Look, her neck is broken. See the way her head is twisted?”
Now Eugeny got hysterical, which was his usual reaction to critical situations. His tearful cries, mostly meaningless babble, and Felix’s soothing and reassuring voice was all that could be heard for a while. Finally, Eugeny’s “What shall we do?!” came across as a surprisingly sensible question.
Felix answered, “We’ll think of something. Don’t worry my love. Calm down now and let’s think. We can’t call the police or an ambulance, I suppose. The question is, what do we do with the body?”
“We need to hide her!” Eugeny made sense. “Take her away from the house, bury  her somewhere, I don’t know.”
“I don’t think it’s a good idea. How are we supposed to take her away? Put her in the car? What if someone sees us? No, we should think it over properly. You know what, I’ll call Mother, she will think of something clever. She always has a cool head and thinks quickly. Remember, she saved us when you shot your father.”
“Then call her, quick!”
The voices moved away and faded. For awhile there was some static sound coming from the camcorder, but finally the recording finished.
“At least we know that they didn’t kill Vlada,” said Major Somov. “It was an accident.”
“Yes,” said Vadim. “It really looks as if Vlada fell down the stairs after filming Eugeny and Felix in bed. Probably she didn’t expect to see what she saw and made a hasty retreat, hiding the camcorder in her handbag. She must have tripped on Svetlana’s stair lift and fell down the stairs. She didn’t let go of the handbag, instinctively protecting it, and when she died the camera kept running.”
Major Somov added, “And later, when Vlada’s body was hidden in the cellar, nobody noticed the handbag.”
“It seems incredible that for all those months this horrible grisly business remained buried in the chest. The dead woman’s grip protecting the evidence of Eugeny’s and Felix’s forbidden passion. The deadly secret that cost them their lives!” sighed Vadim.


~***~


Chapter 47
March 1992, St Petersburg
Kira

In just two days the Kaplan-Krassilnikov family had lost four of their number. The only remaining members were Kira and her daughter Angelina, who were both in Riga when the tragedy happened. Vadim obtained Kira’s telephone number from the theatre and called personally to inform her about the tragedy and ask her to come to St Petersburg as soon as possible.
Kira arrived in two days and called Vadim on his hotel number. She was staying at the apartment, and invited Vadim to come see her there. “I have brought Moris with me”, she said, “for moral support. I don’t think I could go through this horror on my own. Moris and I have been in love for a long time.” She went on, “I suppose now we can get married.”
“Is he Angelina’s father?” Vadim asked, as he understood that Eugeny couldn’t be the girl’s father.
“No, but he is going to adopt her. Angelina thinks that Eugeny was her real father, and I would appreciate if she keeps thinking that way. Let’s spare the girl all the family secrets, she is suffering enough.”
Vadim didn’t mind at all, in fact he was glad that the young girl had stayed in Riga and would not attend the funerals. There were some questions Vadim wanted to ask Kira, first of all, about the visit to his Granny.
Kira told him about visiting Tatyana Petrovna with Slava Kot. “Slava hadn’t known our secrets, though he was intimate with Eugeny and Felix,” Kira said. “When I told him that Zhenya was not my husband but actually my brother, he volunteered to play the role of my husband in front of Tatyana Petrovna. She would have never guessed anything! But Zhenya must have got frightened after I had called home, and decided to act on his own. I’m really sorry about your grandmother!” Kira was genuinely upset. “Unfortunately, my brother had always been like that, he killed the women who frightened him.”
“Did it apply to Marina as well?” Vadim asked out of curiosity, he realised that after all those years he would not be able to prove anything or reopen the case, especially as the killer was dead. Kira told him all she knew about Eugeny’s murders.
“You knew about his crimes, and you covered for him?” Vadim was outraged. “You are a criminal yourself! You and all your family! If you turned him in, all these people would have lived! Didn’t you see that your brother was a sick pervert? He should have been stopped, and you could have done it. I blame his crimes on you.”
Vadim was overwhelmed. He was thinking not as a police officer but as a man who had lost a loved one. If Eugeny had been turned in for his first crime, Vadim’s grandmother would still be alive. It was hard to accept the fact that he was powerless in this situation. Really, what could he do? Kira was the only one alive who knew about Eugeny’s crimes. But she was only a child when the murders took place and probably didn’t quite realise what her brother was guilty of. When she did realise, she did her best to stop him. Kira was the initiator of “The Pact of the Three”. Yes, perhaps it was very childish, but it hit the nail on the head, the three family members took the responsibility for Eugeny’s safety, which ensured the safety of any women who might become involved with him. Kira went even further: she actually devoted her life to Eugeny, becoming his wife. Hers was an incredible story, the story of love for her brother, whom she had taken care of ever since the two of them were little children. For all those years Kira was in charge of her brother’s life, and in that way protected his potential victims. She could not have foreseen that Eugeny would find out about Tatiana Petrovna and decide to act on his own. No, Kira could not be made responsible for the murder of Tatiana Petrovna or the other women. Vadim fell silent after his outburst, unable to make a decision.
Kira didn’t speak either. She sat with her head down, looking at her hands, turning the ring on her finger over and over and over, as if hypnotised. When she finally spoke, there was little remorse in her voice. “Felix and Zhenya, they were different. Their only crime had been that they were not like other men. They loved one another, they couldn’t help it. But it was considered a crime. You know what would have happened to them if their relationship became public knowledge, they would suffer badly. Eleonora knew, and she accepted their love, she accepted their strange union. She helped them a lot. Without her they wouldn’t have survived. But she only did it to protect her son, can we blame her for that? Then I grew old enough to know the truth, and I accepted it as well. I loved my brother, and I did it for him. Yes, my brother had become a killer. But was it entirely his fault? Would it have happened if he could have been open about his relationship with another man? If he didn’t have to hide and pretend? I don’t blame my brother. He was a victim who suffered, and we should feel sorry for him.” Kira stood up and turned away, facing the window.
Silence hung over the big room. Vadim could feel something, as if the ghosts of the former inhabitants were looking at him from the corners, awaiting the end of the conversation. There was nothing he could do to change the course of events; he couldn’t reopen the investigations into the murders committed by Eugeny, but if he could, would it do anybody any good? Would it be wiser to let the dead lie in peace? And let the living live?
In silence he moved to the door. Kira didn’t turn to look at him. Opening the door, he looked back at her tense figure by the window. The sun streamed through her voluminous hair, which surrounded her head like a golden halo. Could it be that she is right? No.
“Your brother was a cruel, heartless, self-centred man. He didn’t hesitate to kill my grandmother, who had done him no harm. He ruthlessly murdered Svetlana – don’t you feel sorry for her? She was your ‘mother’ for many years! She was part of your family. Aren’t you sorry for Felix? This man had actually sacrificed his life for your brother. He knew that Eugeny would be arrested for his crimes, there was no way he could avoid punishment this time. He probably realised that his lover had to be punished, but in his own way. Felix had chosen to take his own life, as that was his way of stopping Eugeny. Don’t you even try to bullshit me about your brother, he wasn’t a victim deprived of a chance to live and to love!  He was a loathsome psychotic brat!”
Vadim took a deep breath and managed to calm down, “Love is the most beautiful thing in the world. But if the love of one person becomes the reason of suffering and death of another, then that love is monstrous.  The love of one person can’t justify taking the life of another, denying them their own chance to live. I would never accept that kind of love and would never forgive. I will never feel sorry for a murderer. And you will have to live with this terrible guilt, with the other people’s deaths on your conscience. I hope the burden is bearable. As an official, a policeman, I can’t prosecute you, you can go on with your life. But as a human being, I don’t envy your life.” He closed the door behind him and ran downstairs, in a hurry to leave the apartment of ghosts.
I’m sorry, Gran, he spoke silently to his grandmother as he walked towards the railway station. I kept my promise only partially – I found your murderer, but I couldn’t punish him. He was punished though, and Fate used his own lover to end his evil existence on this earth. I will have to live with it, as I will have to live without you.


~***~


EPILOGUE
1995, Moscow – New York

Sitting comfortably in my seat, I was looking down at the towering clouds that spanned the sky below. Sometimes I would catch a glimpse of water and even spot a ship. It was so exciting, going across the Atlantic – even pronouncing this word tasted good in my mouth! Going to America, to New York!  Could I ever have imagined that it would be possible?
The trip was made especially exciting thanks to Slava’s narration. All his memories, happy and sad . . . He had so much to remember: friends, colleagues, lovers, disasters, and successes.
 “I’m so lucky to have had my dearest friends, they meant more to me than my real family,” he said. “And I’m so happy to have shared my career with someone like Kira. And given my love to someone like Felix or Zhenya”. He was very fond of his first lovers, Eugeny and Felix, he owed them a lot, and he had been deeply attached to them. But life goes on, and new people become part of it, both lovers and friends. Slava thought that he had been really lucky with his friends: those who he worked with, those who helped him. Without their support his success would have been impossible.
Slava spoke with gratitude about his rich friends from Moscow, who had trusted him enough to sponsor his adventurous project. His new project proved to be a ticket to real fame; it made Slava’s name known in Moscow and St Petersburg, which is as much of Russia as is worth mentioning. Slava’s School for Young Talent became accepted in the highest showbiz circles, and it had become prestigious for a young person to be in Slava’s show. Slava insisted on choosing and approving the student candidates personally. His personal likings were of vital importance, and sometimes he would invite for audition a youngster from nowhere, just noticing a face that caught his attention.
Slava’s show demanded all his talent as an actor and as the director. It was called ‘Dream’, and that’s what it really was: the most incredible, unbelievable, bold things that one can only dream about. Apart from the actual dramatization, the actors performed acrobatics, dancing, pantomime and singing. All this was complimented with extravagant costumes and special lighting. The show continued for two hours without a break, and was so breathtaking that the audience hardly noticed the time.
His sponsors paid for his trip to New York, by first class of course. There was so much money involved in his show that he didn’t even want to talk about it. In recent years show business had quickly become a new gold mine in Russia, and the rich were eager to invest in interesting new projects. The wave of show business was surging and only those who were skilful enough to ride this wave could expect to succeed.
On the jumbo jet now, on the way to his new life, Slava raised a glass of good French cognac and toasted, “To good luck . . . !”
And I answered, “A chance to succeed!”


###


About the Author
Born and raised in Belarus, part of the Soviet Union, I have always been a great reader and enjoyed books by the best authors of the world. Russian literature provided a variety of books for children and young adults, and we were lucky to have decent translations from other European cultures. As I grew older I developed a love for adventure stories, and later detective stories became a passion when I discovered Conan Doyle and Agatha Christie, which I have read in both Russian and English.
I wrote my first story at the age of six, and kept writing for my family and friends and for the school paper, but never had enough courage to try and get my work published. I started studying English at eight, and after majoring in English language at my secondary school, I chose Linguistic University and immersed myself in the study of the English language, plus some French, and eventually completed a PhD in Linguistics. For many years I worked as a teacher of English, also translating Russian↔English and co-authoring two books on tourism for Russian students learning English.
Only now, in my 50s, after having married and moved to England, am I able to immerse myself in the writing process. My first novel, ‘A Chance to Live’ was inspired by my imagination but fuelled by personal memories from my time in the Soviet Union and evolved gradually over a period of two years. There is a sequel planned, ‘A Chance to Succeed’, which is set in the USA and is currently at the plot outline stage.

Contact the author:  marfuta30@yahoo.com


~###~
