
 



BLEEDING SHAME.
A Novel.

BY Nora Black.(pen name.)

Copyright © 2013 by Nora Black.

Smashwords Edition.



Thank you for downloading this ebook. This ebook remains the copyrighted property of the author and may not be reproduced, scanned, or distributed for any commercial or non-commercial use without permission from the author. Quotes used in reviews are the exception.  No alteration of content is allowed. If you enjoyed this book then encourage your friends to download their own copy.
Your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated.
This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.
Please Note:- Many names used in the text are similar to existing locations in South Africa, but for the purposes of the book, descriptions have been changed and names altered to better service the needs of this fiction.



Part One.
A TASTE OF BLOOD.


“I'm not afraid of death; I just don't want to be there when it happens.”

—Woody Allen.

“Confusion now hath made his masterpiece.”

—William Shakespeare, Macbeth.

In Memory of Odette De Jager .

Chapter One.
Stacey.
*

She remembered that it was very cold and wet on that day, the rain beating a resounding tattoo against the fragile windows of her house.  She knew that she would have been far more afraid of the downpour if circumstance had been different. The brass knocker on the front door was sturdy and beautifully wrought, it was also substantial enough to drown out the sound of the weather with its ominous clang.
From her corner of the hall--quiet, secret, and still--she saw him. Big and burly he was, clad head to toe in black, with shiny brass buttons singularly out of place along the front of his jacket.  His face, although pasty white, was highlighted by two rosy cherub-like globes on his cheeks. He had a booming voice, and of all the unbelievably nasty things that were that week, he was the worst.
She watched as he circled Cook Janie, she saw Janie stare transfixed at the toes of her shoes as he questioned her.  She knew, by instinct alone, that Janie would tell the truth, to the best of her ability anyway...
Questions echoed around the great rooms, and the constable seemed to swell with each new one, as if the facts, as abhorrent as they were, were somehow of his own making without ever being his fault. His measure took the weight of it and multiplied it into a case for his own self-importance.  It made much of him, and little of her.  You would think people would be kind when they came to announce a death to a child, he treated her as if she were the culprit.
Thoughts of that dreadful day were a cloud across her mind, a mind that was swiftly drifting away from the world in a rank anonymous motel room splattered wall-to-wall in blood.


*



Chapter Two.
Frankie.
*


The cliché, ‘hair like spun gold’ was simply the best way to describe the shiny coil of blonde nestled between her shoulder and her neck.  Sunlight peeking through the shutters glinted on the strands, reflecting sharp metallic shards back at me.
Perhaps it was the sheer beauty, so unsettling, so out of place. Perhaps the cliché, which had popped into my mind unbidden, so apt in its provocative truth. Whatever it was the scene stabbed a chill into my veins.
I have dealt with death so very often in my life, most of it violent and ugly. Familiarity has made me immune. This blood-soaked corpse with its perfectly preserved vibrant young locks cleaved cleanly through my toughened hide.
The motel, known to cater to the call girl industry, was comprised of a series of independent bungalows, with perfunctory patios separated from the en-suite bedrooms by aluminum framed glass sliders.  They overlooked the grassy patches laid out behind each room ahead.  There were about a hundred individual structures making up the whole, each with an attached carport making them  private--which I guessed was the point.  There was a central reception-cum-entertainment area, with the usual selection of restaurants, bars and sports facilities offered by motels in the price range. The room was expensive but shamefully dirty.  Mahogany surfaces littered with the dregs of last night’s party--empty wine bottles, beer cans and cigarette packs--looked forlorn and sad. Lots of strewn, rumpled cellophane, which sparkled incongruously in the reflected light like garish tinsel advertising a good time. Despite their price tag, the rooms were dark, cramped and unimaginatively decorated.  Not a space anyone would willingly choose to spend their last moments in.
The girl was probably in her late twenties, but the vulnerable angle of her neck above her naked form made her seem younger.  She had been securely fastened using, of all things, white cable-ties. A dark red gash at the base of her throat, partly hidden by the fall of her hair, looked to be the cause of death, but then again--although in the face of murder it is impossible not to speculate--I have learned never to judge the ingenuity of killers, nor the workings of their twisted minds.  On my mental checklist I added a tick next to getting someone to interview the service staff. Experience had taught me that hospitality employees were usually reticent to a fault, but one simply never knew, persistence might have a payoff.
"Try not to contaminate this set-up, guys, I would hate the perp to walk on a technicality." I was talking to the room in general. Nevertheless, I knew I had been heard.
A tap on my shoulder gave me an excuse to tear my eyes away from the girl and give my attention to Andy, one of my ‘fiber and spec’ guys.
“Weird one, Frank, guy’s all but given us his address. This place is like a forensic gold mine.” He held out a woman’s handbag for me to get a look at what he meant, “see... girl's ID, driver's license everything... Hanging outta here. Why would he leave this behind, do you think?” I nodded my head at him then gave the place a more studied look.  Andy was right there were even clear footprints outlined on the blood-streaked carpet.
“Fingerprints too, Frank. He made no attempt to clean up really sloppy, or just plain crazy.” Andy was muttering more to himself now than to me, shrugging his shoulders, after dropping the bag into an evidence pouch.  The oddness of the scene should have piqued my sense of judgment immediately, but I didn't have my customary distance to use as a mood detector that day, the room was way too structured.... Even calculated, but I didn't visualize purpose in it.
After Andy's guys dispensed with evidence collection the mop-up team moved in.  Remarkable, I thought, how they always managed to wipe out every trace of most crimes in a few days. They scrubbed and scraped.  The room, I knew, would  look spotless.  Nevertheless, I also knew that I would be unable to eliminate the broken image of the girl, or the thickness of the congealing blood that had filled the space only a few heart-beats ago.
"We're off to Nick's after." Andy threw a friendly arm over my shoulder, "why don't you tag along?" I could no longer disengage myself from the scene unnoticed.
"Thanks, sounds good." Rather than going home to my empty apartment I had been lassoed into a boys’ after party, never the right gift for any participant’s liver.
Out on the highway I rolled down my Subaru's window to get a current of fresh air into my nostrils.  Death has a stink to it. A stink that tends to cling to anyone who has been close. It mingles into your hair, puts an invisible stain on your clothes.  Clean air helps, it's not capable of dispensing with the reek entirely, but at least it makes you feel better.
I checked my rear-view mirror before switching lanes.  A heaviness behind my gray-blue eyes --already sweeping into dark circles of fatigue under them--alerted me to the fact that this girl, so defenseless in her nudity, her baffling vicious death, had already begun to reel me in. The fact that the throat wound had not bloodied the victims hair was interesting, there could be several reasons, I would need to wait for the coroners report on that one.  The girl had taken a hefty beating; lots of abrasive bloody wounds. The answer was always amongst the labyrinth of objects at the scene, it's a truth, a fact of crime. A killer never leaves the root of the deed without polluting it with something personal. The frustrating thing is that it's almost impossible without hindsight to identify that something. When the body had been finally removed, a scrap of note paper, with what looked like scientific jargon had been fished out from under it.  The script was barely distinguishable, having been in a position of much friction with the writhing skin above it, but I had my hopes.
Nick's establishment was located across the road from our offices; a drinking hole, would probably suit as a description to anyone coming across it without having experience of Nick's special brand of personal attention and great food (a surprise in any bar). The brick entrance-way next to its grassy parkade, smelt like home.
"How's the wife and 'wickeds'?" Nick, the bartender, asked once I was seated in front of him.  He prided himself on knowing tidbits about all of his regulars, and since our department tended to spend more time in his establishment than in our own offices, it wasn't surprising that he knew a little about most of us, as well as any interesting gossip attached.
"All good." I loved my kids, or 'wickeds' as Nick liked to call them. I had been separated from my wife, Marissa, for a few years, but we hadn't actually managed to get divorced yet. My life, or rather the department's demands, interfered with normal existence.  Marissa hated living under siege, as she called it, during my investigations.  I also suspected that she couldn't take the fear anymore--never knowing if I would come home at all, let alone in one piece.  She had known I was committed to being a cop when she married me, and in the early years she hadn't minded it much, but after the girls were born, Shiloh first, then Natasha, everything changed.
I was constantly on call - she called that 'detachment from family'.
I drank tequila to relax - she called that 'alcoholism'.
The list of my offenses was indeed long, and she had that list pinned to her heart.
I'd moved into my own apartment four years ago.  It was meant to be a temporary arrangement until I could find something better.  Time had simply washed over my intentions, caving into procrastination, and carrying my plans away on its relentless tide. Psychologically, I knew I would never be able to truly make a space of my own seem comfortable without my family, but that's simply the way it crumbles.
Andy slipped into the chair next to me.
"So, what are your thoughts, Frank?"
"We'll have to wait and see. I hate the cable-ties, the cigarette ends, pity she had to have those as her last memory." I meant it to be non-committal, but Andy's shock would have been comic, if his features hadn't worn such a tragic look.
"What, am I not allowed to view the victim in a personal way?" I snarled, the day’s stress cutting into my voice. Instantly, I felt lousy,
"Sorry, Andy, that wasn't ....."
"Forget it, Frank, I know, believe me, I know..." He stemmed the flow of my sentiment with a weary sigh.
After that, except for the background music, and the sounds of people jostling for liquor, we simply drank.... a lot, in silence. Eventually the sky through the bar's windows turned from royal to pitch, the day's melancholy; a weighty thing, grim with the swirl of fate it wanted to cloak us in, while sending us into the midst of its confusion.

*





Chapter Three.
Seth.

*


Our offices were in the upper section above the Rosebank Police Station. Homicide Special Operations--emblazoned in gold lettering on our door--was the only nod the department offered by way of status. The room was functional and held a few more techie gadgets than others in the building. The layout was open plan; each cubicle joined to its neighbor by a low padded, fabric covered screen. The interior designer could not possibly have been a cheerful personality, since the coloring was a mismatch of clashing dingy greens and grays. However, huge windows drew in the sunlight and the sounds of the sidewalks below, real old-fashioned 'vensters' as they would be called in the local dialect. It was refreshing to work under the glare of natural, rather than neon, light.
My desk, with its paraphernalia of loose-leaf files, and various linked and unlinked laptops was the tidiest thing about me. Generally, despite my job, and the fact that I think I have a logical mind, I'm not a very orderly guy.  Clean, yes, neat, not at all.  I pulled over one of my favorite computers, and was about to begin my report when Seth, my partner, jutted his blade of a nose over my screen,
"Hey, Frank... fuck, you look somewhat bedraggled. Any party I should have known about?" I grinned, despite myself.
"Not unless you can call a visit to Nick's a party, no."
"Ah, so you have been gallivanting without me. I'm crushed, how will I ever be able to trust you again?" I laughed at that, and when I looked up he was making his way around the divider into my section. He was always full of rancor and spunk. Our relationship had grown from being thrown together in a way only cops could ever understand. The proximity created by crime on its minions invents a unique type of peer identity, as close as a sibling, with the type of heightened trust only necessity brings to the party.
"Been looking into your latest, Frankie," he added without ceremony.
"You're fast, you are," I countered, my mood swinging back into sobriety.
"Fingerprints on a glass, and on the handbag from the motel room," Seth informed, setting himself at a jaunty angle on my desktop,
"This guy, Frank, obviously doesn't watch TV, or read many novels.  Her name was Stacey Cornish, seems like she worked for an escort agency based in Sandton, classy joint. Apparently the John left proof of payment in the bedside drawer; he paid by credit card. Case is weird, you know, Frank.... nasty weird." He nodded his heavy jaw in the direction of the central computer terminal then added, "I'm going to run his prints through, Pixie. See what it throws out." (He used the nickname the office staff had christened me with--my daughters had modernized my hairdo with gel and highlights.  I'd quite liked the effect, but my staff had never forgiven me).
I knew, instantly, that we were going to find our man, but there was something off about it, and the oddness was beginning to nag at the corners of my better judgment. However, when the prints matched a guy who had been nicked for possession and dealing, my fears disappeared, druggies often got lazy or stupid (or both). Damon Harris, now aged thirty-four, had been hauled in on three occasions between the ages of nineteen and twenty-one.
Vices:
On the first count, possession of cocaine.
On the second, possession.
On the third, possession and dealing.
He had done a stint of a year and been released on good behavior. I shook my head in amazement, once again, at how our system insisted on putting criminals back on the street who would be re-arrested, time and again, for similar, or worse crimes.
"Seth, check the domicile on Harris. Take a few boys and go and see what our deviant is up to these days." Seth looked enthusiastic about that.
"Sure thing! This boy looks like he hasn't seen cuffs in a while, maybe we can remind him what they look like."
Seth was, what you would call a 'Ham'.  He was a big redhead with the proverbial temper that went with the hair. Although he was no Einstein, he could be relied upon to get the job done thoroughly, and usually with 'that' smidgen of insight that made a cop a detective, rather than merely a police officer.  He was hard not to like (as long as you weren't on the other side of his temper, that is). I would have liked to meet Mr. Harris, but both sides of the crime had to be tackled. So rather than tag along I found the correct number on my terminal and phoned to make an appointment to interview Stacey's boss.
A tinny sing-song voice answered instructing me that I had been allocated to slot twenty-three in the throng of waiting callers.  Business must, indeed, have been brisk at the agency because I was kept on the line for at least fifteen minutes before the click of connection echoed.
"Satin and Lace, how may we be of service?" God, unbelievable. Sweet candied voice dripping with sexual promise.
"Hi, my name is Detective Frank Harlow, I'm looking into the Stacey Cornish affair.  I need to speak to the manager or owner of your agency."
"Oh, police..." Silence.
"Yes, can you arrange an interview, or must I arrive unannounced?" Subtle pressure.
"No, sir, I mean detective, I'll speak to Miss Forrester right away. If you'll hold on, I'll confirm, then be with you again in a bit."
True to her word it didn't take long. I had an interview arranged for the next morning. I wanted to cover all the angles, get a feel for the environment the victim had inhabited.

*


Chapter Four.
Frankie.


*



I often caught unsuspected insight when delving into the lives of others. Generally, the work of detecting is as good as its classic description; it's a tedious, slow, and curiously uneventful process.  One of the perks, however, is the opportunity an investigator gets to tread in the shadowed shoes of hundreds of different people.  A chance to gain access to disparate existences, and see through the window of the crime how they collide into a coherent whole. That's what every detective out there is hoping for-- that click, when facts snap together exposing the culprit.
The trip to the address I'd scribbled down during my phone call, was the usual dodge-and-dive life threatening experience South African drivers regard as normal. The only bonus was the clear sky above my windscreen; The day was beautifully blue. A paradise vista that gave an excuse for putting up with the nightmare racetrack.
I parked in the underground lot attached to the agency's building and took the lift up to the foyer; all expensive marble and chrome, lots of flash bronzed directions.
The receptionist screening visitors from the inner office looked as if she'd stepped out of Vogue; coiffured blonde twists, caught at the nape then wound about her head in a fascinating homage to (what I guessed was) the latest fashion.  She looked me over from beneath sultry lashes, her opinion soon evident in her dismissive manner. With a cursory nod she indicated to a chic white sofa that spanned the length of the room. Before I turned to wait on the expensive Napa leather I pushed my badge under her nose. Calculated, I know, but I was glad to see that I'd caused her to look somewhat flustered. The mood of the patrons, I realized, was usually pleasant; spiced with the titillation of imminent pleasure. My mood was a dry dirty thing that she was afraid to expose her costly sofa to.
I caught her sly expression of anticipation out of the corner of my eye as the lifts at the edge of the sweep of hall unfolded. A woman glided out and over to the desk; grace of an exotic bird. It was impossible not to stare. Auburn hair braided to her waist, so glossy that it did not seem real, yet, somehow I knew it was. Tall, willowy, icy blue eyes, skin bronzed to a perfect buff.
She leaned in and whispered something to the blonde. Their reflection mirrored at me from the polished marble face of the desk spoke of collusion. I was about to be given a glimpse of an alien world, but this time I knew, I was not going to enjoy it.
Without as much as a nod from either of them I understood that the redhead would be my guide. I overheard the name Jena, when she drew back from the receptionist's ear.
"I'll take it from here, Candice. Regard the next half hour as a do-not-disturb. Okay!." She had given me a time limit, and let me know there wouldn't be much they could contribute to Stacey's fact sheet in one easy sentence.
She turned to me; shimmer and poise. She wore her indifference like a badge of confidence, her sense of superiority so firmly entrenched that I doubted if she considered herself mortal.
Fortunately for me my mobile vibrated and rang out for attention just as she started in on me--giving me time to gather myself into steadiness.
"Frank, yeah?" My voice reverberated around the room sounding ridiculously loud even to me, as its echo bounced off the walls.
"Damon's not in-domicile or at his office Frank, hasn't been seen for a few days. Doesn't sound so good for our sense of his innocence. Does it?"
"No." It didn't. I considered our options.
"Get a warrant to commandeer anything that might be relevant, and Seth, speak to his associates, his family--you know the drill. Find out everything you can. OK."
"Yeah...."
"I went by Stacey's place too. I was hoping to have a chat with her brother. No one was home. I did a bit of looking about, though, and it looks like most of the household has been packed into boxes. I couldn't see very much, but from the state of what I saw, she might have been leaving town."
"Pity about the brother then, I would like to hear what he has to say."
"Yeah, another thing, Frank, she withdrew most of her funds from her bank account, it wasn't much, but she made one fairly sizable withdrawal."
"That is interesting, thanks. Another thought, Seth, do a drive-by on the motel. Talk to people. See if anyone remembers anything." Seth promised action then disconnected.
I fumbled inelegantly pushing my phone back into my jacket pocket. Suddenly aware of what had been bugging me about the place from the first. Apart from the tiny cottage panes inset into the front door down in the parking lot below the lifts and stairs that led to the lobby, there were no windows; not even tiny roof-high vents.  I don't think I'd been on a windowless floor in a building ever before in my life.  Odd, I couldn't help wondering if they'd had them purposely removed, and if that were the case, how they had had the plans passed at all.
Jena was standing directly over me by this time. I don't know how I knew--perhaps it was something in her stance the space her presence made way for, or a shade of wariness over her glance--but I did; Jena Wade would be no small nuisance in my life.
That this was no ordinary girl-for-hire operation was becoming starkly apparent. Stunning to imagine the things money could, and always had been able to buy. I was not a paying customer, and I had the distinct impression I would not be allowed to forget it.
The thought of Harris as a suspect was beginning to make be nervous, because unless he had been booted up in the world, it was becoming harder and harder to imagine him as a credit-card-wielding drug dealer, of lowly repute, who managed to get anywhere near this lot.
People, however, very seldom play captive to the stereotypes our limited imaginations impose on them. It soon became apparent that Jena was not one of the agencies 'girls' and Harris was no longer a drug addict.

*


Chapter Five.
Jena.

*



My attention was momentarily diverted by the sound of a low key buzzer from the receptionists desk, she signaled silently towards us.  Reddish glints caught at by the overhead neon lights shone copper and bronze, as Jena cast her cool blue eyes, first at the receptionist, then back to me.
"Detective Harlow we've been expecting you.  My client, Miss Crystelle Forrester, cannot divulge any personal information about the guests or her employees. The agency only maintains records of a professional nature," she extended a well groomed, long fingered hand towards me.  I had my hand in hers before I realized that I had thereby tacitly accepted her conditions.
"I'm Jena Wade, Ms Forrester's lawyer. She's waiting for us in her office.... Follow me." With that she expertly extricated her hand and twisted on her heels, pausing briefly to allow me to catch up.
The elevator whirred smoothly to the uppermost floor; no lack of money here. Luxury long-pile carpeting, exquisite nudes in bronze beneath understated lights. marble everywhere--wall tiles, fine-art pillars, even inset into the heavy wooden doors that sealed secret rooms from the passageway. I couldn't help thinking that people in those rooms had sidled up to their doors to peep out at the cop approaching Ms. Forrester's domain.  I'm weird, I know, but it felt as if I was being watched.
Ms. Forrester was neither young nor old.  Looking at her, it was very hard to determine her age, except to say that she was neither girl nor matron. What was obvious was that she had gone to a great deal of trouble to tone down and minimize her attractiveness in order to appear businesslike and formidable.  I had been led to an office that occupied the entire top floor. Elsewhere the building lacked glass, here it was strictly glass and dark metal.  The room revealed one of the most expensive views in the city.  Ms. Forrester, clearly did very well for herself.
"Can we get something for you, tea, coffee, mineral water?"
"Coffee, thanks." I could have laid the sarcasm on thickly in answering a question like that but I let it slide.
"Stacey Cornish worked for you. She ah... entertained, is that the term I should use?" I looked at them, echoing their cool nonchalance. I wanted to see what effect, if any, my words were having on them.
"Yes, she was one of our most erudite and sparkling girls. We both value your concern." Verbose, carefully thought out answer.  She nodded towards Jena so that I would know to include her sharp legal expertise in my reckoning.  I tried my best to hide my growing frustration.
"Look, this girl was tortured and murdered in one of the most violent crimes I have personally ever had the displeasure of witnessing.  The two of you can pussy-foot around the facts and improve the killer's escape chances, or you can co-operate, and improve the life expectancy of the next girl this pervert might have in his sights." Even I could see that my reasoning had had some effect on them-- it heightened the color in their cheeks.
"Mr. Harlow, I don't like your implication, nor your attempt at intimidation. I'm quite distraught over what happened to Stacey..." She turned away to hide her distress. I almost felt bad for her, but then I remembered Jena's introductory speech. I took a savage bite,
"The things you can definitely tell me are: How much did she earn? How regularly did Damon Harris see her? How many other girls at your agency did he frequent? Did Stacey say anything about this guy, or about being scared enough to pack-up her stuff, withdraw her funds and be ready to leave this all behind..?" I could, actually see them clam up; I was wasting my time.  Crystelle was not going to say a word to me, that much was becoming abundantly clear.
"Before I leave, I'm bound to tell you that you haven't seen the last of me but..." I swung round on my heels and cast my head over my shoulder for emphasis, "you are both making the worst kind of mistake imaginable, your reticence makes me believe you have something to hide." Jena Wade scowled at that, and I'm certain I saw Crystelle's hand shake slightly when she set her coffee cup down on the tray.
"It's no use threatening my client Detective, she can't tell you things she doesn't know. Even Stacey's salary is something she'd have to look up. Give us a little time and we'll see what we can do."
It was so much bullshit, and we all knew it. When I continued to the door  both woman looked relieved , and I thought I detected a heightened awareness in Forrester's attitude; almost as if she had inhaled and was holding her breath.
As soon as I let myself out of her suite I knew why, The hall was teeming with reporters; Jena had played her cards well.
"Detective, what have you learned about the murder of Stacey Cornish, have you made any arrests?" I ignored the eager young reporter. Lights had been set up, cameras were rolling; what a farce. Now at least I knew why I had felt that the rooms on the floor were occupied with eager spies. I pushed through the melee. Keeping my head down. Reporters are a wise bunch, usually; they seem to have a natural affinity to the story.  They let me go--they knew I wouldn't tell them anything.
"Ms Wade, what can you tell us about the victim? what have you told the police?" The youth swung his attention at the more compliant Jena Wade. They had given her the floor.
Actually, I should not have been taken by surprise.  The case had just the right mix of sexual intrigue and shrouded dirty secrets to warrant fervent media attention; in a country where murder often didn't reach the front page of the newspaper this case was going to be given full bill.
This was brilliant social engineering, my anger crested.  It had been set up with precision; Jena was using my visit as an advert for Crystelle.  An opportunity to tell all potential clients, via the powerful outlet of the daily rags, just how discrete her client's agency was.  How incompetent the police were, and how they were about to do all in their power to assist in tracking the murderer.
As I got back into the lift I heard Jena answering calmly, playing to the press. I had to get out of there as fast as possible.  I was furious with myself for not anticipating her move, and with them for being so callous and admittedly smart. I wanted answers, and I promised myself that I would use anything at my disposal to get them. By the time I reached my car I was blowing bubbles of fury into the unconcerned air.  Instinctively, I scratched around for a cigarette before stopping short.  I'd given up more than six months ago and rarely felt the need for a nicotine hit , but those two woman... No, I realized, just Jena, had made me feel incompetent as well as ineffective--not a feeling I relished.  I wished that some sensible genius would invent a health smoke to keep ordinary folk like me comforted, and guilt-free while still having the relaxation of smoking.  I took deep breaths to settle myself, glad that I had come alone. I would've hated anyone, particularly Seth, to see me so thoroughly clouted.

*
Chapter Six.
Jena.

*



The office was like a hell hole. The air-conditioning system had decided somewhere around mid-morning to give up the ghost and the day was a stinker. Where the heat had come from was anybody's guess-- it had been ice and rain only yesterday.  My daughters, who would be arriving for 'My Weekend' that morning, often declared, with the certainty that only youth seemed to possess, that the changeability in the weather was a signal that the end of the world was neigh--very dramatic.
Saturday was not the day to need the air-conditioner repaired.  So it looked as if we were set to apply our great minds to the complicated labyrinths of crime with sweat pouring onto our reports.  Seth boomed into the room and limbered over to a chair at my desk.
"Got ourselves a problem Pixi.  Harris is absolutely missing ... As in completely.  No one has seen him at all.  He runs a fairly impressive chain of restaurants and spas you know?" he looked over at me to see if I was absorbing well enough then continued, "the health type, not something that can be left to run itself. Seems our boy's given up on the Coke in favor of the clean buck." He smiled at that, admiring his own turn of phrase.  Looked like the day was going to continue in the mold of 'bad day', I sighed.
"What else you got?"
"Stacey Cornish, well Frankie," when he used my real name my ears pricked up, something serious or unusual, or both was coming, "she was really a strange one, seems our victim was a super college grad, straight firsts throughout school. She was a bio-medical scientist, or some such ultra superior shit, but now ... Pixi, why on earth would a girl like that be doing a guy like Harris for cash?" His massive head was shaking in pure disbelief at the findings of his own investigation.  I had to smile at his wonder and nativity--so resonant that the room was shuddering with the echo of his awe.
"Come on, Seth, you know that the only truth is that there is no truth and the only odd thing out there is that nothing is strange." Seth stared at me for a minute then a wry grin replaced his look of amazement.
"Want some coffee, Shakespeare?" He got up, laughing at his own joke and went over to the coffee machine next to the doorway. He waited for me to nod before fixing us two extra strong, black brews.(both of us detested the powder gum they tried to pass on to us as creamer at the station.)
While I was watching him pour the doorway behind him filled with the shape of Jena Wade. She looked cool despite the heat. She scanned the room for a second before spotting me. Then She glided over with Seth behind her, sending big-eyed, silent messages to me over the top of her head. She must have sensed it because she turned to him smoothing down her hair with one hand,
"Should I know you?"
"Ah.., um. I'm Frankie's partner." He put the coffee down on my desk shaking his fingers as if he had burnt them. He was beetroot colored, a red only red-heads ever manage to achieve. He sauntered off with an exaggerated slide towards his desk not looking our way again, and leaving me to deal with Jena.
Sweat, and day old stubble on my face made me feel totally inelegant, but I felt my disadvantage more keenly when she took the seat Seth had just vacated, and crossed one smooth, slim, tanned leg over the other and leveled her icy blues at me.
"First we need to look at Harris.  He's the self made type, who can't let anyone forget how brilliant he is because he's made such a heap of cash, especially in these times. He runs a chain of eateries catering to the working man. He's successful against the more well known franchises because he combines burgers with booze at an irresistible price in convenient locations around the city. His spa's on the other hand, promise woman a diet that will shed their weight--or their money back--in an environment that makes them feel like film-stars also at a down-to-earth price." Jena had done her homework that much was abundantly clear.  Yet, other than the fact that Damon liked to brag I hadn't heard anything that I didn't already know. That was about to change.
"He is also a prize asshole who likes to intimidate woman.  Crystelle has had more than one complaint from girls who have ended up with a bruise or two more than they deemed fair." She caught her breath before continuing. "I'm telling you this off the record, and I won't admit to having told you any of this if you bring it up later." That explained her surprise visit, she was making sure I had no time to plan a clandestine recording of our session. This was one smart girl. She had an uncanny grip on how things worked, especially around the law, and she made certain she used it to her advantage.
"Let me get this straight," I shifted my weight in my chair my shoulder holster slick and uncomfortable against my chest.
"You are saying our guy had a way with his fists, is that right?" warning bells were sounding in my head,
"Yes, although, I must admit that he's never gone further than giving a girl a black-eye.  Most of the girls refuse to see him and that brings us to Stacey." She looked around, as if suddenly aware that more than one pair of eyes and ears were trained in our direction, she looked back at me seemingly unperturbed by the attention. I guessed she was used to it; however, she did drop her voice an octave in response.
"Stacey was the only girl willing to see him.  She said she could handle him and that he was in love with her. He also paid very well and Stacey really needed the money."
"Why?"
"Her brother has cancer.  Their parents died in a car accident when they were kids and although their father left them a sizable inheritance, it was used to raise them.  Stacey qualified two years ago, but her research job is new, it doesn't pay that well, yet.  Her brother contracted the disease before she thought to add him to her medical aid.  His treatment is very expensive, it's quite a tragic story. Stacey dedicated her life to the boy, apparently he's only nineteen and is some sort of violin virtuoso.  A musical genius." she coughed bringing one delicate hand up to cover her mouth.
"It's not her education or job that makes Stacey different--he agency only accepts graduates--it's that she was neither a spoiled party brat, nor a girl with an expensive drug habit. This girl was doing it for her brother. Very sad that it should end this way.  One fortunate thing though, is that she had a hefty life insurance policy, so even in death it looks as if she thought to take care of her brother." with that Jena leaned further back exaggerating her point. This slight woman with her manner, that was both ardent and detached at the same time, made me feel heavy. Humid airless heat hung densely about us, and then with a clang, that sounded more like relief than anything I've ever heard in my life, the air-conditioner spluttered back into life.
"I really must thank you for going out of your way to help us in this case. What you have told me will save the department hours of slog."  Somehow, I estimated that, that was exactly the response she expected.  I sensed by her sudden skittishness that she had said all she had come to say.
"Thanks for seeing me Detective, I'll see myself out,"  It was only then that I realized what had been bothering me, how the hell had she managed to get passed the desk downstairs in the first place …              

*





Chapter Seven.
Frankie.



*



I sat back in my chair remembering that it was Saturday, which unless work demanded, meant a half-day off and family responsibilities to attend to.
Although my wife and I had no formal agreement about visiting rights between us, we had fallen into a casual arrangement of hosting our daughters, alternately, on weekends and school holidays. Shamefully, I often missed my turn, and Marissa would bravely change her plans without complaint to accommodate me and them.
I have always regarded myself as a fair person, someone who would not purposely set out to hurt anybody without due reason. Yet, when it came to my daughters I knew I was not always totally above board, I spoiled them. Marissa, who had them much more often, believed in building their character by making them earn their extravagances.  I bought them presents every time they came over, expensive things, things to make them prefer me... Rotten thing to do, I know, but ..... Remarkably they seemed to know what I was about and I don't think I earned any extra kudos because of it--sensible girls, my daughters.
Sadly, we settled into what I called 'Divorced Family Syndrome'. We no longer squabbled domestically in the privacy of our own home, we now back-stabbed and fought openly on public platforms for all to see.  Marissa had called earlier to tell me she was dropping Natasha and Shiloh off for me to host.  Sara one of our desk sergeants called up to alert me that they had arrived.  On the way down I decided to find out just how Jena Wade had managed to get in to see me.
On the ground floor the station has an outer and an inner section, Jena would have needed to get past the inner sanctum to reach me, while my girls were waiting in the outer area.  They could have asked to be sent up to me, but they both hated the internal bustle of crime in my office, so they preferred to stay well away.
The stairwell opened without ceremony onto the busy police floor.  No frills or trills had been incorporated inside our building every thing was stark and old fashioned.  Linoleum tiles in unappealing shades of off-white and green were framed by drab gray walls; punctuated by barred windows on high. Despite the ugliness inside, the outer appearance was a complete dichotomy--beautiful carved white stone adornments, gables, paisley twirls, you name it, had been used to beautify the station externally.  Built in an era when time, fashion and finance permitted such ornamentation, it was a most spectacular and surprisingly classy version of architecture, Dutch influenced, that lay scattered across the land.
A long, much scuffed, wooden desk traversed the back area of the main station floor. A work area--teaming with officers attending to the general bureaucracy of crime--lay behind it.  Sara, a comfortably plumb, black officer saw me, and raised questioning eyes above the milling crowd in front of the desk, I was not a regular visitor to this section.
"Frank?" She queried my presence,
"What....?",
"I'd love to know, exactly which asshole was responsible for the breach of security I have just had the displeasure of witnessing?" I feigned added gruffness,
"Not me," she flashed with a remarkably white grin,
"Tell Sara what happened baby!" Only she could get away with teasing me in this manner without eliciting a severe reprimand.  Sara bubbled when she laughed, rolled when she walked, and had a disposition of such cheeriness that it matched her gait with uncanny accuracy.  She was everyone's favorite cop,
"Who sent up my last visitor?"
"You mean, that hot chick on red stilts?" The corners of my mouth turned up into an involuntary grin, Sara could do that to you.
"That's the one." I confirmed.
Sara pulled out the pencil she permanently kept behind her ear, and pointed silently toward a blue uniformed youth with a rash of unsightly red pimples across his forehead and chin. The kid looked stricken.
"But... She had an appointment, she was talking to you on her mobile.  I heard her say 'Frank I'll be right up, and we can finish this discussion in person...' She..." He had turned a weird shade of scarlet, which clashed significantly with his rash.
"No.  She wasn't talking to me, and no she didn't have an appointment." While I waited for his reply I noticed how quiet the room had become.  Mister Pimples had been taking an Affidavit from a house burglary victim, his pen was in mid air--hovering. Now, instead of being of no crowd interest he was now the focal point.
"She had your card, she showed it to me.  She said you would be expecting information from her." I felt myself rile. I wanted to make him understand how important it was for him to be more discerning. Bitter words were on my tongue, but before they spilled I looked at him and knew I would be killing him, destroying his career. Preventing the development of a possible future detective of merit, a guy who actually cared what others thought of him.  I bit of my chastisement, I let it ride mainly due to the number of staring eyes.
"Is that what she did, well I guess even I would have let her through with a story like that.." I relented.  I simply could not draw him over the coals, the way he deserved, in public.  He was too raw... Too new... Too scared; but in the pit of my stomach I felt a flutter of warning, I was being too soft.  There was a 'wrongness' to it.
I turned on my heels, noting without pleasure that I had made a new friend.
"What's your name sergeant?" I asked, tearing my eyes away from his grateful expression.
"Lionel, Sir. " Even his name was dorky, "Lionel Smythes."
God! How awful, but thoughts of Lionel were quickly set aside by the sight of my daughters, both tapping intently on their mobiles, they were sitting on an old wooden bench waiting in the outer office. The vision was so incongruous it lightened my mood.
"Dad!..." Natasha my youngest yelled, her face alight, full of warmth and greeting. My stomach, which seemed to be the seat of all my emotions that day, clenched. Shiloh stood up next to her sister phone forgotten for the moment,
"Great to see you, Dad..." The wistfulness in her trailed sentence spoke volumes without words. I had missed two of my weekends in a row, it had been a month since I'd seen them.
"My things are in the car, let's get out of here and make a weekend of it shall we?"
"After you dad!" They exclaimed together in what had become somewhat of a tradition--bringing smiles to all the regular faces in the outer office--it was hard not to love them.

*


Chapter Eight.
Shiloh and Natasha.

*



The African heat outside was a deep physical thing instantly pulling water from our pores, so intense that the sidewalk shoppers were merely a fuzzy blur--thrown back at us as its haze steamed off the tar.
"Jeez, it's hot, surely this is the hottest day in history," Shiloh vented, unbuttoning her white shirt a notch or two. Both girls slung their backpacks into the boot then climbed into my Subaru.
I held my door and waited for them to settle in marveling, not for the first time,  at the ridiculous accessories fashion thrust on young girls.  Both girls had neon ear-muffs slung uselessly about their necks, blue highlights in their hair and fake tattoos on their arms and necks.  Their backpacks were also cumbersome and unwieldy.  All in all, completely unnecessary and very uncomfortable.  I sighed vocally then hefted myself in.
"That's a very frustrated sound, Dad, what's up?"
"Nothing, I'm just hot," I lied, "where would you like to go?"
"Mushrooms!" the joint reply echoed loudly in the interior.
"Mushrooms it is then.  Buckle-up." Mushrooms was an accessory store set between the major malls of Rosebank in a side alley . All the shops in the lane were quaint, funky and expensive without being totally unaffordable.  The kids loved the cobble-stone paths and the wrought-iron gabled shops; especially since they held the impression of being a secret find not generally frequented by adults.  Besides, the merchandise was strictly aimed at a youth market, and although I had my suspicions about the cottage-made labels on most items.  I did not voice my opinion that they were cheap eastern imports rather than locally made products.
I pulled into a large busy parkade alongside the alleyway.
"Clamber out guys," I yanked up the hand brake, stashed my parking ticket under my drivers mat, and unfolded my frame on the other side of the car door to wait for them.
I'd split-up with Marissa when Natasha was nine and Shiloh twelve respectively, and if my memory served, neither had been terribly keen on shopping with me then.  Now, it was an entirely different ball game. With a daughter on each flank, the truncated Harlow family looked set to devour all that was fashionable under the designer sun of Rosebank.  I tried to ignore the sound of my wallet screaming as we rounded the last curve in the road that gave way to Carnabes Street, and its classy stores.
Mushrooms was conveniently situated near the mouth of the avenue, meaning that there would be time for the girls to manipulate me into Chinese lunch at Hu's; their favorite eatery among the trendy bistro style restaurants lining the aisles--but first beads and baubles.
"Frank, Shiloh, and ..."
"Natasha," Natasha supplied her name against the sound of the chiming door bell.
"Oh, right... Yeah, that's it," she smiled at us, then tacked on, "if you need any help don't hesitate?"
"Hey, Sharna!" I said by way of greeting, my eyebrows raised in the silent language all parents understand when faced with the enthusiasm teenagers have for spending. Sharna grinned back knowingly.
"How's Shiloh doing then?" she inquired, candidly, as soon as the girls were out of earshot.  Sharna had a refreshingly direct manner. Whereas most parents who knew Shiloh's history, shied away from the subject of her current progress--as if her situation were contagious--Sharna dug straight in,
"She's good, thanks," I conceded. Usually, I preferred not to discuss Shiloh behind her back, but with Sharna I knew her sentiments were genuine, she liked my daughter.  She was concerned rather than curious.
"She's in Crayford College now, it's a nice school."
"Jeez, that must be playing havoc with your finances?"
"It's not too bad, she's managed to bag a half-scholarship, so I'm not shelling out much more than I was."
"That's nice, glad to hear it.  For a moment there I really thought she might end up in a juvenile... well... facility."
"You were not alone in that fear I'm telling you," the relief in my voice was evident even to my own ears.
"What happened exactly?"
I considered embellishing the truth.  I looked pointedly at my daughter's ex-classmate's mom then decided--based purely on her open friendly expression--to go with the facts,
"After she was expelled from Sandown High, Marissa and I were truly worried. They wanted to press charges.  I don't really like to admit it, but I had to pull every string I could to prevent it, it would have been disastrous for her future."
"No kidding." Sharna grinned at me, stretching her freckles, emphasizing her humor.
"She would have got away with it too if she hadn't ended up in that fist fight with Tommy K.  She blurted the whole thing out, silly girl, because he was jibing and teasing her.  For someone with her IQ it's totally amazing how stupid she was," Sharna was loving it.
"She gave him a black-eye Frank, your girl packs quite a punch," laughter was on her tongue and in her eyes. It perfumed the air. I had never realized just how pretty she was, (or perhaps it was simply my state of abstinence resisting its unnatural constraints.)
"Anyway, they hauled her in after he split on her.  Naturally, in the face of their questioning she admitted everything.  First she hacked into the school's computer and changed her best friend's English grade.  Apparently, according to her, so that this kid wouldn't get into trouble at home. Perhaps if she'd left it at that..."
"Yes, even I know she hacked back in and changed all the Prefects marks down a grade, and all the kids who were failing up a grade--bit hard not to detect, even in a school the size of Sandown."
"No, they wouldn't have picked it up. Once the marks are given out at the end of the year the reports are posted to parents without being double checked.  They would only have begun an investigation if there had been massive complaints. The kids had accepted their grades. She only changed them enough to matter not enough for anyone to truly notice.  Guess she knew what she was about."
Sharna had tears in her eyes by now, she was holding on to her sides shaking with mirth,
"God, Sharna, it's not that funny you should have seen their faces when they called me in they were serious; her brilliance was totally lost on them.  After they ... Let her go, no school in the country would take her.  I was extremely lucky to find Joe Banks from Crayford.  His brother was hi-jacked on Grayston Drive, we found the culprits.  He's a computer guru with a gifted son who is almost as twisted as Shiloh.  Luckily we talked, the subject came up.  He had some swing with the school board."
"You've told this story many times before--I can tell.  Clipped delivery, etc." Her words were bubbling, clinking tones, nice.
I was about to go into more detail, when Natasha came up behind us with her intended purchases draped over her arms heavily.  Shiloh soon followed, her pile just as fat.
"Lord! Have neither of you ever heard the word 'self-control'."
"That's two words dad not one." Shiloh smiled sweetly the potential of her bright trinkets influencing her attitude positively-- a welcome change.
Sharna was a single mom with a business brain. She had overcome a disastrous marriage, sorted out her life and opened Mushrooms; a very successful and popular shop.  Amid all the groaning financially incapable, Sharna, shone as sparklingly as one of the delicate pieces she vended.  I had never heard her moan.  Never heard self-pity from her. She was quite remarkable.  Someone to be admired.  I was just settling into thoughts of how nice she was when I felt a sharp prod under my ribs.
"What..." I blurted in response.
"Shouldn't we get something for mom as well?" Shiloh asked, amusement clear in her tone; Rebuking my interest in Sharna with no more than an inflection and cast of the eye.  I felt a flush begin under my collar, and hurriedly shoved my daughters costume gems next to Sharna's till for invoicing.
Outside the air felt stiflingly dense.  All the more noticeable after the cool air-conditioned interior of Sharna's store.
"What was that all about? Did you really need to jab me quite as hard as you did young lady?" Shiloh smiled knowingly, and flounced ahead of us along the sidewalk towards Hu's.  It was Natasha's turn,
"You were basically falling down the front of her t-shirt Dad! someone had to save you," with that she let out a mighty bleat of laughter and hurried to catch up with her sister ahead.
Natasha had given me time to simmer down, I could laugh at myself--couldn't I--in a self-depreciating way.  Perhaps I had been ogling. The thing that tickled me was not that I had been caught staring, but that Sharna hadn't seemed to mind; boosting my self-confidence no end, and God, even I knew it needed boosting.
Lunch at Hu's had become a tradition. Hu stir fried on an enormous grill which traversed the length of his shop.  Being able to watch while your dish was freshly prepared made the restaurant a popular choice.  It was fun.
We were shown to our regular table with oriental efficiency,
"Mushrooms, bean sprouts, Bok Choy with Oyster Sauce for me." Natasha gushed, ordering her favorite before we were even settled.
"Let's have Pickled Cucumber to start one dish to share.  Then two portions of vegetable spring rolls and a bowl of wun tun soup.  Hold the main courses until we're done with that. Add two cokes and a glass of my cabernet, thanks."
"You are way bossy, you know that Dad?"
"That's what fathers are for and besides, I'm right aren't I?" My retort provoked much eye-rolling and sighing, but they went with my suggestions.
It was so great. We were so together. It was over too fast.
"Thanks Dad, that was great." 
Shiloh nodded her agreement,
"And it's nice to see you, good to get to talk to you for more than five minutes." Shiloh always managed a bit of snide.
We were on our way back to the car. My daughters ambling ahead, slowly lethargic--on the tail of all Hu's bountiful offerings. I was trailing them listening to their idle chat; satisfied with the way things had worked out. A harsh glint of light pierced my retrieve, the day was bright, but this glint was starkly out of place.  I was instantly alert. My heart fluttering on adrenaline. Natasha's golden hair glistened catching at the sun as she bobbed just out of reach.  Strikingly similar to another head of hair I couldn't help comparing it to. Suddenly, I was bristling. I rushed alongside covering their flank,
"Dad ... Something wrong?" Shiloh questioned my obvious over-reaction.
"No, but I reckon we better get a move on.  Those clouds that have blown in on the horizon out of nowhere mean only one thing--thunderstorm--I don't want us getting caught in it." My daughter had the grace to look out at the sky, and despite the truth of my observation, I knew I had given her the jitters.  Nevertheless, I pushed them both forward moving as fast as I could without causing panic.  I wanted them out of the open, safely behind the bolt of my apartment door.
I had damaged the mood.
By the time we reached my building the girl's chatter had run out of steam.  It had been nothing more than a feeling of dread--no actual menace had reared its head.
"Let's get you organized for the weekend then shall we?" I said pulling their bags out of the car and helping them up the short flight of stairs to my place.



*

Chapter Nine.
Damon Harris.



I had barely closed the front door on my fears, when an urgent peal from the wall phone interrupted further plans.
"Frank, we've found Damon Harris. Our main suspect had the grace to save us a bit of time, and wash up on the banks of Mount Casino." Seth barked the facts down the line at me,
"You had better get on down here...."
I must have looked as guilty as hell by the time I put down the phone because both my girls were looking at me, with that 'I knew it look', that all members of cop's, paramedic's, firemen, and doctor's families learn to adopt.
"I have to go, emergency." I mumbled already half way out the door,
"Where to?" asked Shiloh, "can't we tag along?"
"Please ladies, I wouldn't do this to you if it wasn't vitally important I have to go and take a look at a.... Situation. I'll be back long before dinner. Keep the door locked. OK!" This line of reasoning seemed to appease them they let me go, in a way my wife never had; with a good luck kiss on my lips.
The Subaru was in need of a service, and I prayed like mad, that it wouldn't let me down on this particular day. I gunned the engine leading the old car into the post-game Saturday afternoon traffic in the direction of the casino. It was easy to see where Damon had chosen to wash up; black and white cars marked the spot, silent strobes, whirring on their roofs in a macabre dance of death.
A black body bag; only half-zipped looked lonely under the crime scene tape, which was pulling against the wind with all its might. I walked through the throng of police displaying my badge needlessly, they all knew me, these were my guys. By the time I reached the body a fair crowd had gathered, straining over the yellow banner to catch the sight and stir of disaster. Damon; was very dead. His tongue was swollen grotesquely in his blue face, but after seeing his mug shots I would've known him anywhere. How he had landed in the river, and who had been with him when it happened, were the things we would have to figure out. Damon was not going to be talking-to us despite the fact that we'd fished him out of his watery grave.
Later Seth and I sat on a bench in front of the casino. It was meant to provide a resting point for patrons with a picturesque view of the lazy river from its treed banks. Damon's demise could have put a cap on the case:-
Successful young man, knocks off his girlfriend in a wild night gone wrong, and then, unable to face himself throws his life away to the river.
Something just didn't click, there was a shrouded undercurrent running alongside what I knew about the murder. I couldn't quite capture the essence of the facts before they dissipated like smoke on the breeze. I was missing something but I wasn't sure what. Seth settled himself more comfortably next to me,
"Looks like he went for a swim with a broken heart, not a sweet thing to do." His attempt at humor failed to draw a laugh; the sentiment was way too grim.
"We know he was in the room with her from the prints he left on the glass and on Stacey's bag. Don't you think it's a little strange that all the other prints in the place were her's, no other prints from him, or any previous occupants? That's just the first snag, if I think about it I reckon I could come up with a lot more."
"Yeah, Pixi, I know, but who would go to the trouble of framing Damon, if that is what they did, simply to knock him off as well. A lot can go wrong if you eliminate one person, but if you wipe two the odds of getting it wrong start to multiply exponentially."
"Maybe, they don't know that."
"Everybody knows that, come on Pixi, you look like you've seen a ghost."
"Mm, still, doesn't add up, I've got the strangest feeling that this one is going to come back and strangle us, and I just can't shake it."
"Do a number on both of them Seth, bring an investigator in if you have to, but scratch and see if you can find anything relevant, OK?" Seth nodded,
"I haven't told you yet about Stacey's brother. You know that the boy has Hodgkins Lymphoma, but what you don't is that, despite surgery, he still needs regular chemo and other therapy; all very expensive. Stacey was working on a method of treating cancer using specially manipulated viruses. The Pharmaceutical company she was doing lab research for has issued a press release for her, it looks as though she is going to be sorely missed. Once again Frank, it's obvious that she needed money. Nevertheless my gut feeling is that a girl like her would not be personally involved with a guy like Harris."
"I know what you mean, but people often do unexpected things Seth, we can't ignore the possibility that she was seeing Damon. I agree that it's unlikely, but you never know....." As we looked on, the water flowed by without a care in the world; strange how we expect nature to stop for a moment and acknowledge death, and no matter how accustomed we become to its relentless forward thrust something deep inside us hopes that time will stand still even if it's only for a single beat.
"Beautiful spot."
"Isn't it." I agreed, then I heaved myself up to leave, Seth followed.


*






Chapter Ten.
Stacey.



*



A steady drone of static--irritating and low--pulled her into consciousness.  The first thing she saw, after opening her eyes, was a dark brown beer bottle.  It invaded her nostrils with rank sourness.  She wished someone would turn off the damn noise.
Why would they let the radio blare white noise, continuously?
She felt as if her thoughts were swaddled in cotton wool; unfathomably deep, hard to reach. Ridiculously slow and heavy, she tried to roll over on the bed.  Her body would not listen.  Danger was a constant awareness; she knew she should be afraid but she couldn't muster any strength for it.
"She's awake. Tie her down."
Oh God!
She needed to move, run. She knew it, but .... Nothing. Her legs were lead.
They've drugged me the lousy bastards. Must have spiked something really mean into my veins when they stuck that needle into me.
She could still feel the tender spot of impact; an ache of unwanted memory.  A masked face swam into view above her.  Blue eyes, cold with harsh intent, glared out at her from between balaclava eye-gaps.
He's not going to be nice.
Fear gripped. She needed to move, kick the demon in the stomach, scream, get away.
Rough hands caught her wrists; vicious pain as he tied her to the posts of the bed.
"Give her a little more treatment. See if she's ready to tell us yet?" her tormentor's partner snarled instruction from some dark recess of the room.
Please God.
A lone tear broke free, it coursed unnoticed across her cheek.



*






Chapter Eleven.
Shiloh and Natasha.




*

I carried the world on my shoulders back to my apartment, but the sight my girls had laid out for me in welcome surprise squeezed my heart. I'm very partial to Cabernet Sauvignon, they must have begged a bottle from their mother. They had it 'breathing', the way I'd taught them, in the middle of my white plastic picnic table that served as my dining room suite.
"Wow, what have you two been up to?" They giggled, red cheeked and bright-eyed at my delight.
"We've made a special dinner to celebrate actually seeing you for once," Natasha gushed innocently.  It was not meant to rankle me but I felt lousy anyway.
"Come on then, what are you waiting for let's eat," Shiloh and Natasha served in turns, it was amazingly good.  Eventually, all three of us were seated together sharing cheesecake, which they knew was my favorite thing in the world besides red wine.  My guilt was as heavy as a ten ton truck.
"I kinda.. Just need to say thank you, this is so very damn good..." I ran out of words. My eyes were wet, and I felt more foolish than I had ever, ever, done in my entire life.  Neither of them could look at me, they were both staring fixedly at the cracked and peeling linoleum floor.
"Why do you stay here dad, this is a total dump?." I expected criticism from Shiloh, but not from Natasha.
"Why the hell don't you forget this stink-hole and come home?" Natasha got up and literally ran out of the room, fists in her eyes like a baby.  If I'd felt bad before, now I was rotting.  Shiloh continued to stare at the broken floor in silence.  Nothing quite like drama, I always say, to ruin the evening's ambiance.
Somehow, I managed to help Shiloh load-up the dishwasher and clear the table, it was a habit Marissa, their mom had drummed into us all.  None of us, no matter how tired, would ever go to bed unless dinner had been cleared.  I tried to make conversation, but my attempts were being met with monosyllabic non-answers, I gave up. By the time I hit my bedroom I had started to wish it had been me, rather than Damon, in that watery body bag.
How I'd got myself into this position was in itself a mystery.  Only yesterday, they had been gurgling happy babies, and Marissa and I had been so very much in love. Wow, I could feel the Cabernet buzzing about in my skull like a ball of odd wool, soft and sad. I fought, the desire to go and get them both out of bed, and try to explain how I'd gotten from there to here without noticing that there had not been an in-between. Instead I slept, and let the night wear itself out, until I could safely percolate my morning coffee and forget the things that so seriously needed to be addressed.
A buttery yellow scrap of moon clung stubbornly to the chill morning sky. It watched through the window as I pulled a pair of shorts over my hips and dragged a Smurf-splashed tee over my head. I've always hated adults walking around wearing anything Disney-died, but the shirt had been a gift from my girls and I thought my wearing it might ease the situation somewhat.
I disarmed the alarm, and unlocked the door gently so as not to wake my daughters and was out on a path through the park in a flash. The only reason I had chosen my apartment, was because it had large park-like grounds out back and a slow, restful river out front. In a city of concrete and mortar it reminded me of the country cottage I'd left behind when I'd separated from my wife. Despite the fact that it was in Southern Johannesburg, a location which was unreasonably unfashionable, the suburb was scenic, uncluttered and unpretentious. Not something I could vouch for in many suburbs in the northern areas. I jogged through the trees. It was Sunday morning so the place was quieter than usual. A good run always cleared my head, and since I didn't have much time for gym the exercise kept me fit. The case was teasing the edge of my consciousness all the time. I went through the facts. I tried to examine each piece of evidence as we had it, but still nothing hit me. Damon's suicide-like death would've put an end to the matter, but I knew that even if he was the murderer, the lack of a salient piece of the puzzle was creating a gaping hole in the evidence. The whole thing was screaming WRONG at me in a most uncomfortable way.  Call it instinct, call it a hunch, but Stacey had been no ordinary girl, and I just knew, her death was not going to prove ordinary either.
Natasha was up by the time I got back and all last nights tears seemed to have been cried out,
"You know I love you dad, sometimes it's just seems a bit crazy to me, you know? The way you and mom pussy-foot around each other, but neither of you have actually got your lives together and its the pits for Shi and I. You cart us back and forth like so much lost and unwanted baggage." It must have been one of the longest speeches Natasha had ever made, she was not a big talker usually leaving the negotiations to her older sister.
"Oh, come here you silly girl, you will never be, have never been, unwanted..." I grabbed hold of her, tucking her blonde curls under my chin. I hugged her as hard as she hugged me back. Shiloh, probably woken by all our noise, came in yawning and wide eyed at our emotional display,
"Is there any coffee left?" She asked mundanely, Natasha and I burst out laughing, releasing our pent up tension like so much hot air.
We made clinking, friendly, breakfast sounds at the fresh day, and sat down with bowls of cereal, yogurt, fruit and coffee to make decisions about how to spend our precious time. They were screaming for the mall then movies. I was screaming at the bugger who had allowed the malls to open on Sundays, and praying my wallet would take the strain.

*
Chapter Twelve.
Seth.

*


Monday morning saw me back at the office; sifting through the bank statements and phone records from both of our deceased. Damon had a wife and three kids. He also had a lot more cash than Stacey had had. As for the tale of true love--spun to me by Jena; Damon was planning a summer vacation with his wife and kids, rather than Stacey, and there were receipts to prove payment of deposits for fancy overseas accommodation. Not the type of thing most potential suicides tend to do. Seth was sitting at his own desk going through the autopsy report. Carmichael, our postmortem guru, had done us a special favor and slabbed both of our candidates over the weekend. He was also the only 'rubber-gloved' guy either Seth or I trusted.
"Pixi, look... here's a thing you need to see..." Seth carried a folder covered document over for my inspection.
Name:- Harris, Damon.
Age:- 34.
Sex:- Male.
Caucasian.
Height:- 1.75m.
Weight:- 86kg.
Cause of death:- Fractured skull; causing internal bleeding and massive brain hemorrhage... (Victim's lungs were water logged.)

Traces of Sodium Thiopental in the blood. When a body is recovered from water, especially with head wounds, it is often difficult to establish cause of death. Drowning causes the lungs to fill with water and a mist of fine mucus to form in the glands, but the same is true of head wounds. When the victim is in (running) water, as this body was, the head is continuously buffeted by the force of the water. All bodies float with their heads down, which can often result in postmortem bleeding creating diagnostic confusion. Death by misadventure is a possibility (noting the drug in the blood) he might have fallen, but the likelihood of suicide or assisted death are equally probable.
Clearly, by these conclusions the only sure thing was that Damon was dead.
Name:- Cornish, Stacey.
Sex:- Female.
Caucasian.
Age:- 28.
Height:- 1.55 m.
Weight:- 51 kg.
Cause of death:- Overdose of Sodium Thiopental.

Sodium Thiopental is a Barbiturate, commonly used as a truth serum. It is considered to induce compliance. It is administered to make subjects loquacious and cooperative with interrogators; however, the reliability of confessions made under Thiopental are often questionable. It is also used recreationally since its effect is to remove the inhibitions of normal behavioral restraints. Another common use is as an euthanasia drug, Sodium Thiopental is the favored drug in the United States for subjects given the death penalty. Therefore, with this information it is difficult to form a conclusion as to the reason this drug was present in the victim's body. The subject has numerous surface wounds, abrasions and bruises, no bones were broken (two ribs were fractured), however, even her calves had been injured(as if a heavy object had been rested, or dropped on them.). These injuries could have been administered in an attempt to gain information from the victim, or simply as a result of a pointless beating. It is impossible without witnesses to tell. It is my opinion that the victim was given the drug on various occasions prior to death. Sodium Thiopental, is also a 'knock-out' drug, so it might have been used for abduction in this instance, (if the victim was there against her will.) eventually, an overdose was administered and the victim died within three minutes, due to her low body fat. This dosage may have been accidental. The gash to the throat was the result of a sharp instrument, possibly an unusually large pocket knife, and was administered postmortem, which is a conclusion reached through studying the blood flow pattern. Blood ceases to circulate after death, resulting in a less bloody wound; the copious blood lost by the victim was as a result of the numerous wounds sustained prior  to death. The gash may have been effected in a blind rage on the corpse, or in an effort to divert attention. Sodium Thiopental is not commonly available without prescription, it is a scheduled drug in this country.
On the basis of Carmichael's findings the only certainty seemed to be that Stacey had been beaten and drugged. The scene of the crime was exceptionally misleading. There were empty beer bottles, but only one glass, empty cigarette packs, but no ashtrays. Fingerprints in the room, other than those on the glass and bag, all belonged to Stacey. The room had been structured, laid out for our benefit, evidence contrived; this was a fact. Nevertheless, it was impossible without further information to determine exactly why. Damon Harris could have abused then accidentally killed Stacey. They could have over indulged in mind altering substances, and things might have become unruly. Alternatively, they may have been killed by a third party for reasons we had yet to uncover. Stacey may have been given the drug in an attempt to get some vital piece of information out of her, if so, I did not think they had achieved their aim. Hopefully time would tell.
Either, Harris had smacked into something before he hit the water, or he had been smacked then pushed. My cop instincts were not betting on suicide and, somehow they never had been. I was almost certain Harris had been murdered along with Cornish, I just didn't know by whom, or why.
Seth, was literally shaking with latent sleuth energy, he was rearing to go, and I unleashed him with only a single caution,
"Look at Stacey's brother Seth, there has to be a link between these bodies, perhaps Jared Cornish can shed some light." He grabbed his jacket, and skimmed out of the office. Last thing I remember about Seth, was his wicked freckled grin as he flew on by to catch his criminal.

I never saw him alive again.

Fifteen-forty-three. I will always see the hands on the dial of the old-fashioned clock on the station's gray-blue wall. A pedestrian had found Seth, between a car  and the tarmac, with a bullet in his face.



*









Chapter Thirteen.
Marissa.



*


I was torn. I'd been on the force all my adult life and I'd seen a lot of good guys hit, but this one had me cold. I sunk my anger into the case. All my colleagues warned me that it might have been an unplanned, gratuitous act of violence, and that it could easily have zero connection to the Harris-Cornish case, but I was like a blood hound. I had lost all perspective; as it turned out I was right. Seth had been killed to hide a killing. Stitches were unraveling at the seams of a carefully constructed murder, and they were fraying the very edge of its fabric.
I went out to find Jared myself just as I'd advised Seth to do, but the boy had gone to stay with his maternal grandmother in preparation for the funeral. Nevertheless, their char was on duty at their house that day. She let me in with a scowl at my badge and a half-hearted request for a warrant.
"Jes, dunna, tocha my boy's medicines, I asking you," she begged in heavily accented English, "
"This stuffs, costa a fortuna you know? and now, the missa, she is gone we wona gets no more benefits." She stood shaking her head sadly at me, hands on her heavy hips, legs planted firmly apart on the lounge carpet.
"It, was a vely, vely, hard lasta time we was robbed of everything to get a new ones, so be careful, Ok."
"When were you robbed?" I turned on my heels to take notice of what she had said.
"Two weeks.. Or so. Also missa was robbed at work in the sames day, vely bad."
I'm no psychic but I just knew, you know, I just knew.
"Senora..?"
"Anna," she supplied, swelling a little in the chest from my attention.
"What did they take?" I played to her,
"Missa papers, medicines, and books"
"Not money, jewels, guns?" I asked,
"We's no...gangsters, OK!" she huffed, looking offended.
"Alright, alright."
"Maybe, they... Is drug dealer thieves," she added, wide eyed.
"Anna, thank-you, you've been more of a help than you know," with that I headed back towards my car, and the office at a clip. Just outside the Cornish's door my mobile started vibrating in my pocket; I yanked it out,
"Detective Hal--"
"Frankie..." Marissa cut in screaming. I could hear Natasha wailing in the background,
"What, the fuck--"
"Frankie, get over here like now!" she slammed the phone down. I hit the call back button, but she wasn't picking up. I had to get there and quick. I slammed my blue light onto the Subaru's roof, and with sirens blaring I went hurtling through the traffic like a speedster in a B-grade movie.
I stabbed the bell beside the front door that used to be mine, my breath puncturing the cool air in short sharp bursts. I was thinking about dislocating the door from its hinges when Marissa decided to give me a break and let me in. She looked distraught, sharp, taut, strained. Eyes red-rimmed and mean,
"Frank, some lunatic sent Natasha a beautiful pink ribbon-wrapped box with a horribly mauled dead rat in it. The poor tortured thing had a note written on toilet paper wrapped around its head."
"So.." I exhaled loudly, "What did it say?"
"Jeez, Frankie, don't you have a heart?" she closed the door behind us leading me into the comfortable sun-splashed family room with its bright floral upholstery . The glinting blue pool, beyond the glass doors, caught the light and reflected it back at us. Waves across our faces; reminding me of laughter filled days tucked somewhere deep in my memory (where they could hurt me least).
"Calm down Marissa, take a deep breath and explain. Let me pour you a whiskey," I ignored her jibe, and went over to the dresser to fix her a neat shot. I poured a measure of tequila for myself while I was about it. Marissa's legs kinda folded weakly under her. She sat down heavily; sighing like an old woman. She crossed her hands over her knees and stared at them. I could see the wheels turning in her mind while she attempted to organize her thoughts; so that she could relate them to me in a rational fashion.
"Ah ... The bell rang, I opened the door. There was a shiny gift box on the porch but no delivery man. I thought one of Natasha's many admirers had dropped off a present for her incognito; It would not have been the first time," she drew in another breath, giving me time to put my daughter into a category I had never even considered slotting her into; admired young woman.
"I looked at the tag on the box. It read, 'For Natasha With Luv', not love, 'L', 'O', 'V', 'E', you know," she spelled it out "but 'L', 'U', 'V', the way teenagers text each other," she looked over at me, her guilt imploring me to understand why she hadn't checked the damn thing herself before handing it over to thirteen-year-old Natasha. Marissa's eyes were shiny with unspilled tears; threatening to choke off the rest of her story.
"Look... Marissa, I've had a rough time lately everything is completely fucked-up. Seth was murdered two days ago and now this," Marissa hated swearing, and I had taken extra special care to over emphasize the word; nevertheless, she swallowed her tears,
"That's awful Frank... I'm truly sorry to hear that; you know I loved him too?"
"Yeah, it's really nasty--I'm not doing so good," I went and sat next to her on the busily patterned couch. We sat, staring out at the pool; the rush, totally over.
We stayed there, silent and flat, until Natasha stumbled in and snapped us out of it. She was dry-eyed now; but still disorientated.
"Can I get you anything 'saha?" Marissa shot out of her chair as if she'd been sitting on a fire-stick. Natasha shook her head,
"Hi!" she said to me with a tragic air,
"When did you get here?"
Marissa and I had been so absorbed with our own pain, we'd almost forgotten the focus of our distress. I'd seen the weariness on Marissa a little earlier, but now I felt older than I'd ever done. Natasha was such a beautiful child, with such an honestly sweet nature, that both my ex and I, felt over-protective towards her; which irritated her no end. On this occasion, however, I could see she wanted to be fussed over.
"Come here, 'saha," I patted the cushion next to mine, "I need you to be strong, and describe the whole thing to me." Marissa swallowed loudly, and shot daggers at me over Natasha's blonde head, but I stuck to my guns; ignoring her disapproval. Natasha swayed on her feet, indecision and skepticism, clear in her sharp green eyes, but my strategy won her over,
"Don't worry mom, I'll be OK" she said, maneuvering herself into a comfortable spot next to me.
"Does anyone want coffee, or soda then?"
"OK, Marissa, I'll have a coke, how 'bout you 'saha?"
"Same," she added to my order sending Marissa, gladly, into the kitchen to do something useful.
"Well now, I must tell you, Baby, that the package may prove to be valuable. We are going to hand it in for analysis by experts down at the station, but before we do, I want you to tell me all about it, it's best if we touch it as little as possible, OK!"
"Everyone has already touched it; mom wanted to throw it out, but I made her call you instead."
"Good move, 'sasha, now let's have it." I watched as she composed herself. Sunlight, playing with the highlights in her hair radiated at me, warm and glowing; I wandered, not for the first time, how Marissa and I had managed to produce such a gorgeous child.
"The box is made of a kind of foil paper; really pretty, you know?" My heart went out to her, she was trying so hard to be adult about the incident. She inhaled deeply,
"The poor little creature had toilet paper wrapped around its mashed in head. The message on the tissue was weird, dad, all it said was--stay away from Cornish or end up the same way--what could it possibly mean?" I heard, rather than felt myself gasp. Natasha looked at me, suspiciously, tears running silently down her rosy cheeks. I had suspected that the parcel had something to do with one of my cases but, the Cornish case was too new. I felt exposed. I had been caught totally off guard, someone out there must have been following me around, without my suspecting a thing; not a good feeling, especially since I was trained to 'expect-and-detect' such possibilities.
The idea that my child was being threatened didn't improve matters either. I stood up; hiding my shocked face from my daughters trusting eyes. Marissa, however, saw undisguised fear written all over my distraught features, since she had chosen that exact moment to re-enter the room with a tray of sodas.
"What, Frank..., what's going on here?"
"Natasha, let's go and take a look shall we?" I grabbed her arm, a little too forcefully,
"Sure, dad, but be careful you're hurting me." I eased my grip. Marissa, followed on our heels. The situation, already bordering on hysteria, now threatened to boil over with pent up emotion, as the three of us raced down the passage to Natasha's bedroom to look at the box. Shiloh, who had been at a friend's house and knew nothing of the box, let herself in the front door with her key. She joined us, demanding to know what was up. The whole happy family together for once, but not in a manner any of us would have preferred or imagined.
"Fetch a black garbage bag for this lot." I indicated to the box with my chin. Shiloh, kept her counsel and went out to do as I'd asked. We waited awkwardly for her to return.
"I really don't want to say this, but I guess I'm going to have to!" Marissa had our attention, we watched as she grappled with her demons,
"You'll have to move home until we can find out who did this Frank." Marissa had worked out, that one of 'my criminals' as she called them, had had a hand in scaring us all.
"Don't be silly Mari, that would only make you and the girls, more attractive to these creeps.." I didn't get a chance to finish,
"No Frank, this time, I insist. It will be better if we're all together." I knew that Marissa was serious. I also knew, that even if I tried to hide them by moving them away; the guys' who were on to us would be vigilant enough to find them. I would have to give-in to Marissa's demands.
"I'll make curry for dinner, join me in the kitchen when you've settled things in here," she replied with a determined air, flouncing out of the room, and leaving me to deal with our daughter; whose tears had dried on a face that now wore a smug, satisfied expression,
"Mom's right dad, will you stay?"
"Yes 'sasha, now lets deal with this... evidence shall we," Natasha, and Shiloh helped me get the box into the bag with the least amount of handling; both of them, silent and efficiently willing in the face of their mothers victory. However, perhaps because of what had happened to Seth, in my soul I knew it was probably the most sensible plan; despite being one, I would never have considered myself.



*

Chapter Fourteen.
The Harlows.



*


We collected our cokes from the sun-room, and joined Marissa in the kitchen. Natasha filled Shiloh in on the day's excitement. Amazingly, they were conducting themselves like a pair of loving siblings, but I knew it wouldn't last long. Shiloh pulled a can of coke from a pack in the fridge; not wanting to be the odd one out, and hoisted herself onto the island counter to drink it.
"I think you can assist me young lady, rather than sitting on your butt;" Marissa slid a breadboard filled with washed vegetables towards her,
"'sasha you can fix the rice, and Frank how about mixing the spices; you were always good at that?" Marissa couldn't help herself, she was a born organizer; always issuing instructions. Her daughters knew better than to argue with her. I looked at her; seeing her clearly for the first time in a while. Natasha owed her looks to her mom's genes, but whereas her features were open and classically beautiful, Marissa's face was attractive in a more off-beat kind of way. Marissa's mouth was a little too full, her nose a little to small, for perfection. It was a face I had always found fascinating; full of character, strength, and wisdom. I sighed, my mind replaying all the nastiness we'd thrown at each other over the years. All the hell we'd put each other through, until the fateful day my wife sat me down, and explained--by way of a dry-eyed soliloquy--that we would be better off as a family if I took my career, and my obsession with it, into a home of my own; away from her and the kids. Now she was back-tracking. No matter what I did, or whom I did it with, I knew I would always be in love with her. I wasn't fool enough to believe that her ultimatum had anything to do with a change of heart, this was strictly what she thought was best for the girls. Natasha handed a plastic container to me filled with miniature bags of Cumin, Turmeric and other herbs and spices; all sealed inside under an air-tight lid. I prized the top off and proceeded to blend my own version of a curry mix in the little bowl laid out for the purpose by Marissa.
Natasha had a white bucket, with 'RICE' emblazoned on it in red, on the island counter; her sister diligently dicing potatoes. Natasha lifted a woven zip-up bag out of the container and peered in at the Basmati rice,
"Ooh!" she exclaimed,
"What?" asked Shiloh,
"I think I saw something wiggle in the rice, you know, like one of those tiny black bugs you sometimes get in the flour."
"Weevils, ugh. We'll tip the rice out into a dish so that we can see if they're in there," Shiloh offered helpfully. Natasha grabbed a glass salad bowl from the cupboard under the counter. Then with the sack firmly tipped over the bowl she began to pour the rice into it. They were both staring intently at the trickle of rice, as if they expected a monster from one of their vampire books to miraculously appear from amongst the grains. Neither could see anything in the rice. One salad bowl was insufficient to hold all six kilos of rice; so more bowls were hauled out to accommodate its mass.
Marissa, and I, simply stared, riveted, by the scene panning out in front of us,
"Sometimes, you can't see the blighters unless you put them in water. The rice will sink, and the crawlies will float." Natasha brought out a pot for the purpose, while Shiloh continued to stir through the rice with a chop stick looking for bugs.
"There! can't see anything floating to the top. I must have been mistaken. I'll boil then steam this to go with the curry."
"No way I'm eating that now!" Shiloh glared at her sister,
"I said I couldn't find anything, Shi."
Shiloh grabbed one of the bowls, and headed for the trash can, Natasha followed,
"What are you doing? don't be crazy. You're going to throw it away, and we won't have anything to eat," Natasha cried dramatically latching on to the bowl from the other end.
Both Marissa and I saw it coming before it happened, but, neither of us were fast enough to prevent it. The glass shattered in their hands; splitting into a thousand pieces of spinning shards and grain. They were so shocked, that it would have been comical if it hadn't been so disastrous for the rest of the meal, which was now, more likely than not, contaminated with broken glass. Fortunately they had escaped uninjured, but Marissa blew up like a Roman Candle.
"Are you both mad, look what you've done. Now we most certainly will have nothing to eat. Clean up before I get seriously violent... do you hear?"
"She started," whined Shiloh,
"I was right here. You both started, now get a move on."
"Look, I've got to go and collect my things, and hand 'that' box in for examination. I'll pick up a take-away on my way back. Oh for god's sake! help Natasha clean up Shi, I won't be long," I extracted myself from the melee elegantly. I headed for the doorway; looking over Natasha's head to gauge my wife's mood. Marissa nodded agreement at me.
"Dad, will you come back? I'm so sorry... " I heard the fear in her voice, and so did Shiloh,
"I'm sorry too, don't be mad dad."
"For heavens sake, of course he'll come back. You two stop acting like idiots and clean. OK!" Marissa answered for me; exasperation echoing in her words. Giving me a chance to grab the box and slip out to the car.

Chapter Fifteen.
Marissa Harlow.



*


By the time I'd collected my stuff from my apartment, and found parking in the lot underneath the mall, my mood had once again, turned heavy with thoughts of Seth. Sometimes my job got under my skin; Seth was irreplaceable, it was such a waste. I knew I was going to feel it, more keenly, when the reality of his death hit me. I was still expecting to see him coming around every corner with his unique, big-toothed grin. Just thinking about him made me feel like the loneliest guy on the planet.
I couldn't imagine how cut up his wife was going to be; they were newly married, their baby only a year old. Being so young, I didn't think the kid would be directly affected, but I guessed that her mommy's broken heart would wash up on her in one way or another; family members rarely escape from each others deaths unscathed. I locked the Subaru's door, pushed my hands deep into my pockets, and made my way slowly, shoulders hunched, heart as heavy as stone, to the pizza store to buy my family dinner. The shopping center was teeming with late afternoon shoppers, the last thing I felt like, but I'd already given my girls my word; I had to get dinner. Jose's restaurant and take-out had always been one of our favorites. Jose was usually on the floor of his establishment to mind the customers, and the quality of his product. He nodded a greeting at me when he spotted me from behind his counter; he came on over to chat,
"Sorry, I heard about Seth, dreadful thing."
Seth had been killed in the street outside the mall. I realized that Jose, had probably known about it before me,
"Yes it is," Jose sensed my reticence, and changed the subject, he was a smart guy, Jose.
"Girls OK?" like most every adult who knew them, save their teachers, Jose adored my daughters,
"They're great Jose; I'm moving back home for a spell," I don't really know why I told him, but I reckoned it couldn't hurt,
"You and the wife making up then?"
"Not exactly Jose, it's a family thing."
"Oh, I see, good-luck then," he said, but I knew I had confused him. He moved on to talk to someone else whom he recognized in the queue, but not before he whispered to the cashier to include a free Tiramisu with my order. I thanked him; Jose was one of the good guys.
While I waited for the food, I wandered into the aisle outside the shop. Various posters and adverts adorned the columns in the center of the walkway, one in particular caught my attention.

Jared Cornish.
Violin Recital.
One-off special performance.
Book at Computicket.

The placard was stylishly done in monochrome, with red lettering. A picture of a very young, thin, good-looking teenager printed beneath the sign. I considered the image; how many Jared Cornishs could there be, especially Jared Cornishs who played violin, and were under the age of twenty. The Computicket booth was just as busy as the restaurant, but I wanted the ticket, so I waited my turn. The saleswoman displayed the seating arrangement to me on her swivel computer screen,
"There's a special offer for this show. One ticket will cost you R198, but Two will only be R230, plus you will each be entitled to a complimentary spritzer or glass of wine, as well as an autographed program as a memento. I could never resist a discount, so I bought in on the double offer; the concert was scheduled for the next day. I was sliding the change into my pocket, and turning back for the pizzas when I saw them; tiny white and tan Siamese kittens, the size of tennis balls. When the one nearest the window opened a pair of stunning blue eyes and looked at me--seriously, I was lost. I knew Natasha had been pining for a kitten, and although Shiloh was too bad-ass to admit it she wanted one too; the girls had no pets. I couldn't resist, I went into the pet shop and bought one for each of my daughters. Down almost a grand in less than an hour I beat a hasty retreat with my stack of boxes.
Late afternoon traffic in the northern suburbs of Johannesburg was usually hell, but the sauntering heat brought out the worst in commuters. The roads were insufficient in quantity, and quality to carry the burgeoning traffic. Despite the fact that the government was desperately trying to institute a usable public transport system; our generation were simply not accustomed to anything other than the 'private vehicle'. Even the taxi service, so many commuters relied on, were merely private vehicles turned to commercial use.
A Hi-tech underground speed-rail, the Gautrain, had been launched, with much pomp and ceremony. The idea had been simple, get the private cars off the road, encourage the commuting public in the northern suburbs to ride the train, but after a couple of suspicious breakdowns, the public seemed to be using the system more as a form of family entertainment rather than a genuine mode of transport. Personally, I barely knew where the stations were, and sadly, the rail had been constructed with my type of public profile in mind. I swore and weaved in and out of the traffic avoiding taxis whose drivers, it seemed, had never been taught the rules of the road.
They stopped wherever they pleased, over-loaded, drove at unnerving speeds, and generally wielded terror wherever they went, but they were as much a part of the South African landscape as rugby, soccer, pap(staple starchy food eaten by millions of South Africans, daily), and braaing(barbecuing). The majority of our citizens literally risked their lives daily just so that they could get around.  My wife’s house (well actually our house), was situated on the outskirts of Santon, the dormitory Johannesburg suburb, which had become home to the wealthy echelons of South African society. Driving on the hi-ways and bi-ways through the suburb, on my way to our outer area, was like driving passed a series of well guarded prison estates with incongruously luxurious cell blocks. Our nation had closeted themselves behind electric fences and high walls, each development more expensive than its neighbor, each with a guard house and security gated entrance. It always struck me as ironical that these days most of the people able to afford to live in these estates were criminals, so that those who had bought themselves into the utopian dream of personal safety; were the ones most likely to be living next door to the very criminals they wished to avoid.
The day had been so hot and humid that I could almost guarantee a late afternoon Highveld thunderstorm, and true enough when I peered into the western sky, I saw menacing heavy dark clouds, riding on the wind, in an attempt to catch the heaviest traffic before its drivers managed to step over their thresholds. I made it, with my pizzas and kittens, before the storm hit. I sat, a smug smirk on my mug, and watched the weather bellow and threaten, brag and perform in the most extravagant manner; intimidating all who had not made it into the safe confines of four square walls.
I popped a wedge of Jose's luscious pineapple pizza on to my tongue, while I held the privileged position of spectator to my children’s delight at the gift I had brought. The kittens were fussed over, fed, fed again, then settled, each into a corner of one of my girls rooms. The process of deciding which kitten suited, which girl had been a spectacle in itself worth witnessing. My wife was smiling, happy that I had made an effort, it was simply the sexyist thing I'd ever seen.  I'd dropped the box off at the station on my way home. It had drawn a lot of sympathetic 'oh’s', and 'ah’s' from my co-workers who were unanimous in their disregard for anyone who would involve a child in their wicked game.
The saddest thing about our police force, about our country; was that autonomy had not brought technological superiority. These days it was difficult to get lab analysis locally--a detailed report of Natasha's box could be weeks in coming--but like any cop worth his salt, I had my ways. Sara, from the desk at the station called at around nine that evening,
“Zef's got an interesting report for you,” Zef, was my girl. Totally loyal, beyond brilliant and so black that many people refused to believe that she was South African, they thought she came from Nigeria or a land further north, but Zef was pure South African--from the depths of Kwazulu-Natal, the golden Hibiscus African coast--and like the land of her birth there were few things more beautiful. We called her detective Iman. And quiet honestly she could have been a double for her famous look-alike. She sent me the details by email; her findings were amazing.

Alexandra was another dormitory township of Johannesburg, but unlike Santon, it was not home to the super-rich, but rather the super-poor. Alex, as it was affectionately known, had been hastily thrown together by desperate people, seeking a desperate solution in a bygone era. Now it was a sprawling township, where anything and everything could either be purchased or found, a melting pot of cross-African cultures, cross-architectural shanty-style homes, and a breed of rats peculiar only to it.  Zef, was in the throws of ecstasy, rarely if ever, did she come up with something as defining as this. Natasha's rat came from Alex, which was going to narrow down and make my investigations far easier.
I requisitioned the dining room so that I would have enough room to spread out and organize everything I had on the case. The girls had gone to bed, and Marissa was marking papers in the sun-room. So I had the opportunity to get some work done. I sorted out what I had then sat back, and rehashed all that I knew. Stacey hadn't packed up her things to be moved; she'd bought new stuff and had not had the opportunity to unpack after her robbery. The money she had withdrawn was probably going to be used to replace items that had been stolen; likewise, she did not get the chance. The story that Jena had spun about Stacey and Damon didn't make sense. I don't know why, especially with my suspicious nature, but I hadn't considered that Jena might have been lying to me. Now, suddenly, I knew with the clarity of the enlightened that, that is exactly what she had been doing; the question was why?
My epiphany made me restless, I got up from my spot behind the table, and began to pace the room. Movement always aided my brain, it was like gas, it ignited and fueled my logic. I strung together all I could remember about her, it wasn't much, but I realized that when she had come to see me at the office her motives had been personal, rather than philanthropic. Jena wanted me to have pre-programmed assumptions about Stacey and Damon, and I hadn't even thought about it twice. I had simply believed what I had been told; very un-Frankie of me. Maybe, it had something to do with her looks, but I knew I had been taken for a fool; It was not a feeling I liked.  I wandered into the sun-room for a shot of tequila.
"Want a whiskey?" I asked Marissa, pouring myself a shot of tequila, and indicating toward her decanter,
"No-thanks, maybe just now," no recriminations, no side swipes about my alcohol consumption. Sometimes a little distance can be good for a relationship, I thought, as I took my glass back into the dining-room. My mind was so full of Jena, Seth and Stacey, that my reactions to the window when it shattered, and fell at my feet a few minutes later were too slow for me to do anything other than stand and stare; open-mouthed. The sound of the crash faded into another more desperate noise; screaming. while gravity settled a million splinters of glass, the house burst into a crescendo of wailing; a heaving denial of fact.
No way this was some random punk with a catty. I thought, this was an attack. All my reflexes should have been pinging; taut, ready to spring, like an arrow from a bow, but I was languid, my reactions seemed drowned, as if they had had to surface from the bottom of a murky pond. I stood stock still, dead in my tracks. I was unable to decide on a course of action. By the time I'd recovered myself enough to start moving, and jettison myself out of the gaping hole left in the wall; there was not a soul to be seen in the garden or on the street connected to it. The archway, into the room from the house, filled with the shapes of my family. Marissa had her arms firmly around our girls; she wore a mask over her fear for their sake, but I could see her terror--not a look I wanted my wife's face to wear. The girls were shivering, shaking under her arms; their vulnerability a concrete reality, made more apparent by their flimsy pastel nighties.  For the first time in my life I wished I'd been able to afford one of those walled estates that I'd so often ridiculed. When I got back inside the face of my family's shock had mutated into anger.
"Get some damn help Frank, before these bastards kill us," it wasn't an overreaction, whoever had us in their sights; had us marked for mayhem. Not a fact any father should have to bear.
"Are you OK, dad?" trust Natasha to think of my welfare; I loved her then more than ever.
"Yes, I'm fine. Why don't the three of you get out of the draft--make some coffee or something, but I reckon you should get out of sight," I indicated to the wicked gaping hole in the wall with a shrug of my shoulder.
"I'll lace a cup for you, don't be too long Frank," Marissa begged.
I called Sara at the station and arranged for a 24-hour patrol service, she was more than willing to oblige.
My family were milling around in the kitchen looking dazed and confused,
"What's going on Frank?" Marissa handed me a hot cup, asking the question each of them wanted an answer to,
"I'm not sure Mari, but I suspect it's connected to one of my cases." I answered, truthfully,
"God! Maybe I've been a real fool for making you move home Frank. Perhaps I should have gone to stay at my mom's house."
"You haven't made a mistake, whoever did this has been watching us carefully. They would probably have done more damage if I wasn't here, and if you moved they would simply follow. Trust me I've seen this type of intimidation before. Scum like this are like grime; damn hard to wash off. I've arranged a 24-hour police patrol, and now that I'm aware of the fact that they really mean business, I'll be on full alert."
"The boxed rat should have told you that they were serious, dad..." Shiloh retorted before turning her back on us, and storming off down the passage, self-righteously; coffee discarded on the island counter.
"Don't pay her any mind dad, I know you're doing your best." Natasha said, while concentrating on picking on the cuticle at the side of her nail absently,
"Why don't you follow your sister, and see if you can calm her down while I talk to your father?" Marissa said, giving Natasha a subtle hint to be on her way; she looked from my face to her mom's,
"Sure, if you think that will sort it out." She left us eyeing each other warily over the remains of the day; a stale thing between us.
"Let's go back into the dining room and assess the worst, shall we, Frank. The stone thrower will know we've called the cavalry, I don't think they'll be back tonight." I followed her back into the chaos that was our dining room.
"Seems like its broken glass day or some-such-thing considering the amount we've seen of it today," Marissa, grinned shakily trying to ease the tension, it worked, "at least that's all that's been broken, let's see if we can keep it that way." She was already in 'organize' mode her voice fading as she made her plans,
"I'll just get a broom and clean up, why don't you call those round-the-clock glass repair service people, that you were so careful to include on our insurance policy. Clever of you Frank." I did as she bid, then helped her clean up. We waited for the repair service together, like the old married couple that we were.
"This might well have been an act of opportunistic vandalism Frank, there's no note attached to the stone."
"I think not, there's a lot more to the case I'm working on, than I have been led to believe.”
“Can you tell me about it?”
“Yeah,” I sighed, heavily, “maybe your distance will give me fresh perspective," I gave her the mechanics of it being careful to include my thoughts, rather than only the essential elements.
"I am suspicious about almost everything we have on this case, and I don't think I would have been, if you guys' had not been threatened and attacked the way you have. Someone out there is scared, but for the life of me I can't figure why,” there I had it all out; I'd told her about Stacey's supposed double life, the dependent brother, the unlikely suicide and the fact Seth's unfortunate death, might have been connected. I hadn't said so much to Marissa in more than four years, but it didn't seem to matter, the intervening gap, simply vanished. It felt as if we had not spent so much as an evening apart.
Marissa had cleared the floor of shards, she looked at me pointedly, sunk down wall supporting her back, crossed her legs at the knees, and patted the ground adjacent to her butt; in much the way I had done with Natasha earlier that day.
“Knowing you, Frank, the first thing is why do you say 'so I've been told', by whom, Frank?” Ah, there was the thing--the crux--how could I explain to my wife I'd been hoodwinked by a deceptive beautiful woman.
“Was it a stunning looking girl, then, that misled you?”
“Woman,” I corrected, baffled at her intuition.
“How did you know?”
“How wouldn't I know? Anyway, that's besides the point, if you feel you've been manipulated disregard anything she has told you and work as if none of it were true.”
“Detective , Mari.”
“Yes, I know. Then work backwards, from the facts you can verify. Draw up a list with three columns, what you can be sure is fact, what has been presented to you as fact, and what you've found to be false, then give each entry a rating on a scale of one to five, based on how much weight you would assign to each, that way you'll be able to see at a glance what irks you.”
“Jeez, you should have been a cop, Mari”.
“No, I was born to be the mother of a cop's kids, and super advice giver,” She laughed throatily at her own wisdom
“You're a wise woman, you know?”
“So many compliments in one day, are going to give me a swollen head.” her eyes sparkled.
The stars twinkled in the clear rain washed sky, the moon hung on the horizon; distant and silver,
“The view is so much better without a window, perhaps we should keep it this way,” I laughed, from the root of my deepest self, I felt my laughter rise like a bubble, and once it had burst there was no controlling it.  My wife, bolstered herself on my shoulder, and laughed with me. Until our humor, collapsed in on itself, leaving us clinging to each other like drowning shipmates, who'd found each other on a crest, in a very rough sea.



*


Chapter Sixteen.
Jared Cornish.



*



I did not consider it dangerous to take Shiloh along to Jared's performance despite the warnings that had been brandished at us. I figured she'd be safer with me than anywhere else, and I had, after all, bought double tickets to the show. Shiloh was very into music, and typically the child insisted on being different; whereas her contemporaries were all into rap and rock Shiloh preferred classical instrumentals. She was thrilled to be given a chance to see Jared Cornish, and I was surprised that she'd heard of him,
“Oh, yes, dad he's very good, very gorgeous, and very famous.” she gushed,
“You'll see dad, the recital will be packed,” incongruously, she was dressed in skin tight jeans, a figure hugging T-shirt and she had put mascara on her lashes; she looked twenty rather than sixteen it was very disconcerting, but my complaints to Marissa fell on deaf ears.
“She's young, Frank,  or don't you remember what that feels like?” She chastised, then she grinned over at Shiloh,
“You look stunning,  Shi.”
“Thanks, Ma..” Shiloh retorted sliding a knowing look at me; I shook my head and fetched the car keys.
The theater was as full as Shiloh had expected. We collected our free drinks and found our seats; a buzz of anticipation palpable in the air. Shiloh, looked about at the patrons many of whom were as young as she was.
“See dad, he draws quite a crowd; wait until you hear him play,” she was slightly breathless, her cheeks flushed and her eyes alight. Marissa was right my child was stunning. Her feigned maturity made me nervous, it was such a big, bad world out there; I wished I could stunt her growth and keep her under the wing of my protection forever.  All I could actually do for her would be to give her the best tools to live her life then pray as hard as I could.  The lights dipped dramatically then to the wafting tremulous strains of a haunting tune--which began as a whisper and slowly increased in volume--Jared Cornish, took to the stage a spot-light highlighting his movement to center front.
His set was purposely simple, elegant and stark. His dress casual, but his white shirt crisp.  Even I could see that this teenager exuded a unique and exceptional aura, and that was before he picked up his violin.  When he did he made us all forget ourselves. The music soared; lifting us into the realms of magic, a universe separate and evocative filled with majestic images of the ethereal. The show was mesmerizing; Jared's talent stirring, and a thousand times more forceful because of the wistfulness the crowd felt knowing that this, very special musician, might not be long for our world. The applause throughout was deafening, but ultimately it grew to a spectacular crescendo which demanded an encore. Jared played one last composition then bowed and left the stage. The crowd stood and clapped for fifteen minutes before deciding that, that was sufficient to demonstrate their absolute appreciation. A disembodied metallic voice informed us that Jared would be signing programs in the foyer. I was impressed with his tenacity, I doubted that, if I had had his condition that I could do what he was doing.
We waited, Shiloh, fidgety, and nervous, for our turn to meet Jared. Jared, signed and chatted to his fans amiably unaffected by his abilities. He seemed very down-to-earth, but even close up it was obvious that he was anything other than ordinary. Shiloh had been clasping the program so fervently that it looked almost dog-eared by the time she presented it for signature.
“I'm your deepest fan,” she purred. Jared looked up at her; his interest piqued by her strange choice of words, then the oddest thing happened. They looked at each other, and the room started to sizzle; that was the only worthwhile description. If it had not occurred before my very eyes I would still not believe the force their connection exerted; it threatened to burn everything within radius to a frazzle. They crackled; electricity bounced about the room tangibly. I panicked;~~my daughter was, after all, only sixteen-years-old, and it was a well known fact that Jared had cancer.
Shiloh had my dark eyes, but instead of my curly dark blonde hair, hers was caramel, smooth and straight. I don't think, until that very moment, that I'd ever looked at her appraisingly; now that I had, I could see her attraction; for her sake I wanted to throw a sack over her, but I knew that even if she had been wearing a sack Jared would still have been aware of her.
“Hi,” I butted in, “I'm investigating your sister's death.~~I've been trying, unsuccessfully, to get hold of you, I thought you were staying with your grandmother?” I added, trying to break through their emotional spell. Jared turned steely blue eyes at me; he was extremely fair, white blonde, pale chiseled features.
“I am, I'm only here for the show.~~My sister's death has been a dreadful blow. I didn't know anyone needed to speak to me, I'll be in town all day tomorrow if you need me,” I felt ridiculous, crass and nasty. Shiloh's cheeks were flaming orbs. Jared was not much older than my daughter, but his maturity brought on by the reality of illness and death; set him apart.
"Yes, I'd appreciate some of your time, when and where?" I said far more mildly than before. I think that if Shiloh had been a little less enamored of Jared she would have stormed off in a huff.
"Dad!" was all she said.


Chapter Seventeen.

Shiloh Harlow.

*

Jared scrawled his address on a card and handed it to me; suggesting that I meet him a ten the next day. I grabbed Shiloh, who was steaming at my handling of the situation, and dragged her out of the lobby.  She was surly, but fortunately silent with it. We had to cross an open courtyard to access the theater parking lot. The area was very dark, the corners completely hidden from view.~~I tucked Shiloh's arm firmly under mine, and started across; it was only after I heard the ricochet, that I realized the floodlights had been shot out; each socket baring the jagged teeth of a smashed bulb at the hurrying crowd. I saw rather than heard people scream; I felt the vibration of hundreds of retreating feet on the paving beneath me.
"Police," I yelled inanely; sounding ridiculous. I pushed Shiloh to the ground roughly, and sunk behind a bench pulling my gun out,
"Come out with your hands-up or I'll shoot you out." I peeked, carefully, round the cement ledge of the chair only to elicit another shot. I pulled back breathing hard, my insides vice gripped and tense. Shiloh whimpered at my feet.
"Steady, Shi, the more noise you make the easier we are to find," despite the fact that I whispered to her the words carried across the empty night, as if they'd been issued from a loud speaker but to her credit Shiloh shut up. The bench sat on the paving half-way between the theater doors and the entrance to the parking-lot. A furl of etched floral decoration with interlaced swirls allowed me to case the yard incognito, and although my line of sight was not totally clear, it was a lot better than sticking my head around the edge. I scanned the area as best as possible from my vantage point but saw no movement. Shiloh gripped my knee and silently indicated to the roof adjacent to the theater. I gave the spot a thorough inspection, nothing...
The crowd had dispersed; either scooting back into the safety of the theater or pushing forward into the lot. Only two patrons beside ourselves had been caught in the open. I knew this was not without design; the shooter had been waiting for my daughter and I. Unless other members of the audience were between us and the sniper's fire, they were safe. The silence was disturbing why hadn't he made a move? I poked the end of my gun around the chair; no reaction.
Then with uncanny speed and agility we were attacked from behind. I whirled around. I had expected shooting rather than wrestling and had not covered our backs. He was short, stocky and determined.  He pounced on Shiloh and pulled her up in front of his chest; arm around her throat. He hid behind her using her body as a shield. Fear, hatred, terror all rushed at me spiking dread and adrenaline into my veins. My reaction was born of instinct rather than logic, because if I'd had time to think about it, I would never have endangered my daughters life the way I did. I sprang forward all thought for my own safety an echo in the wind. I slammed into  necessity. I think I got away with it because it was the very last thing he had expected. He crashed, Shiloh with him, in a tangle of limbs; his gun skidding away to the sounds of clanging metal. I rolled to their left, and felt a crack of bone at my knee; an instant pulse of agony. Ignoring my pain I forced myself backward out of the roll spinning my body towards the prone pair. Pushing off the ground using the palm of one hand; I then launched myself at our attacker, bending my gun hand into a claw to protect my weapon. I barreled into his side, Shiloh crawling off him while his attention was diverted. I heard him utter an expletive in a foreign language; sounded Slavic. By some miracle I'd managed to hang on to my gun through all the action, and even more fortunate for me, I had it trained at the right angle to gun whip him on the chin. As I made contact his outburst was
 cut off in mid stream. I pulled myself on top of him before he could recover himself.
"Freeze!" I yelled, cocking my weapon at his bleeding head. Then, the oddest thing happened, I had my finger on the trigger,~~I make errors but very few gaffes, the gaffe I made just then blew up in my assailants face; dipping me head-to-toe in his blood. The world skidded to a halt; it stilled. A twirl of smoke rose from my barrel, and dissipated until only a single threadbare strand remained in unremarkable isolation on the edge of my vision. I saw his chest slacken and fail to rise, I felt his breath stall beneath me. Long before I reached for his pulse I knew he was dead. I've killed men before, in far less immediate and personally threatening circumstances; nevertheless, it is always a shocking experience; especially the moment of realization.
Human beings can be so resilient, tough and yet vulnerable at the same time. Mortality is so difficult to define and yet so readily wrought; a ghastly fact. I had reason, motive, and an excuse; he would have killed my daughter, he had attacked me. I knew I was justified, but nevertheless, you know, nevertheless....
Eventually, I found the energy to fight inertia. I rose unsteadily to my feet; the vicious pain in my leg pulling a long, low, whistling exhalation from my lungs. I limped over to where my daughter lay; horror and disbelief staring at me from her face; a volatile mix. ready to spark an emotional tide, I knew I would have to attempt to stem.
The temperature of the crowd turned from cool confused fear to boiling curiosity the minute they realized that the shooting had ceased. Then, they began a hap-hazard exodus across our path; most stopping to view the grizzly remains before I could hurry them along,
“Police crime scene please move aside.” I can still here the words resound in my head, and the way they sounded, tired and sad.

Chapter Eighteen.
The Harlows.

*


I used all my connections to get the scene cleared up as fast as possible.  Both Shiloh and I had to make a statement, so I tried to get it done painlessly. Talking about pain; my knee felt as if the bone had been crushed I needed to get it seen to. Shiloh seemed to have bounced back resiliently, perhaps it was her youth but the emotional deluge I had expected did not materialize. The officer assigned to scribe our words was puffing merrily away on a Camel Light. I watched him then reached up and relieved him of it; popping it between my own lips.  I dragged with enough concentrated effort to provoke Shiloh into a speech about disappointment and health risk, I took no notice.
First we were taken to the emergency outlet at the local Clinic, they medicated and bandaged us. Then, they released us with a clean bill of health, but for a few cuts we had escaped remarkably unscathed. I had been convinced that I'd shattered my knee, however, it was unbroken only damn sore. Nevertheless, I could not drive. a driver was assigned; on the way home I asked him to stop, while I bought a carton of cigarettes and a bottle of tequila; I was acting like a fourteen-year-old delinquent. Shiloh had called her mom from her mobile so Marissa had been warned. She was waiting for us; her mouth an unsightly pucker of worry,
“I have never been so distraught, are you OK, Shiloh?” I tried not to feel riled by her selective concern.
“I'm just very tired now Mom, it was the nastiest thing ever... Like this guy just came outta nowhere, very scary, but we got through it, didn't we dad?” She said turning her head to include me, she tucked a loosened strand of silky caramel hair behind her ear so that it wouldn't irritate her eyes. Marissa grabbed hold of her shoulders, and hung onto her precious girl for a second. Shiloh ducked out from under her arms,
“Jeez mom, I'm not like five-years-old OK!” she barked, Marissa ignored her.
“Can I get you something. How about a cup of hot chocolate?”
“That would be perfect.” I said taking pity on my wife. I put my arm around her to prevent her from hugging Shiloh again,
“Come on Shi, why don't you go and find out if your sister would like some chocolate as well,” I goaded Shiloh into leaving us alone for the moment. Marissa felt brittle and stiff under my arm, Shiloh's reticence to her hugging had rankled her. For such a bright kid she seemed to have very little understanding of human nature. Also, her unkind intolerance of her mom made me want to lecture her about callousness; Marissa had been mortally afraid; needless to say, I knew that the already explosive situation would blow-up uncontrollably if I did--I let her go. Natasha had never been, and somehow I knew never would be, as difficult as Shiloh; strange I thought how the obviously more intellectual of the two, Shiloh, felt driven to act so traditionally young and crass. She was stereotypically anti-parent, anti-discipline, and she spoke in what can only be described as youth-lingo. She was anti-our-establishment rather than only anti-establishment, and she felt that she had to prove her superiority.~~Every single thing we did was clichéd, kitsch and way beneath her. Natasha, on the other hand would merely roll her eyes at her sister's notions, or wink conspiratorially at her mom when Shiloh's sharp tongue whipped up a particularly nasty remark. I loved both my children equally, but I'm ashamed to say that at that moment I liked Natasha better.
The kitchen was moonlight bathed, and for just a second, I found it uninviting and sinister, I guess the day had made me nervous. Marissa flicked on the light at the switch, and breezed into the space filling it with something normal and warm; I felt as if I'd come home.
Once my wife had the kettle boiling she wanted the gory details, but as I recounted the events, I saw her pale under the weight of her own imagination. She listened attentively, but there was an underlying suggestion in her stance that screamed at me
'How could you have allowed such a thing to happen to our child', and because I felt as guilty as hell; I kept my council, and did not try to defend myself. When Marissa was ready to add a head of whipped cream to our chocolate she turned toward me; a speculative expression in her eyes,
“Something is off here,” she said, looking directly at me,
“How come Stacey was doing tricks in order to supplement the family income when Jared, from what you tell me, is obviously earning more than enough as an entertainer.  You can't tell me that sold out shows do not bring in quite a bit of money, it just doesn't add up. What do you think?” she was floating cream over the back of a spoon by this time, no longer looking my way,
“Marissa!” I grabbed her chin and kissed her, the steam rising from the cups under our noses blending into an intoxicating aroma of the exotic and the ordinary; an olfactory sensation which staggered me senseless. We loved each other so much that we could not be together at all; it was so unequivocally devastating, but that's how life is. We stood around awkwardly, after my out-burst, drinking chocolate and listening to the peculiar song of the African Cricket; a mournful tune unique to the gardens of the Southern sky.

*


Chapter Nineteen.
Stacey Cornish.


*



Jared was staying at the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Rosebank, and as Marissa had pointed out, it was not an address a pauper would choose. I fell in behind a snake of cars meandering down Jan Smuts avenue, wishing that some politician would have the sense to widen it. Jan Smuts, a major artery in the northern suburbs of Johannesburg was, for the most part , a single-lane death-trap of a road. It begged an alternate route which did not exist. The only advantage the avenue offered, was the dapple of its ancient trees. They bowed their heads on either side of the motorists providing much needed shade from the summer sun, which even at this early hour, promised to scorch everything to embers.
Once I'd negotiated the heavy traffic on Rosebank's narrow streets and parked the Subaru, I made my way into the lobby. A friendly faced, petite black woman dressed in a hotel issue uniform, called up to Jared's suite to announce me. Jared was quick to have me sent up.
Opulent decorating touches adorned the halls, passages and lifts; every step made silent by the thick pile carpets. The interior lights were dimmed to that constant setting unique to the corridors of hotels, which blurred the distinction between night and day, putting patrons into a netherworld of continual dusk. I was not a big fan of sprawling anonymous hotels. I found Jared's room four doors down from the whir of the lifts, which apart from my breathing, was the only sound echoing around in the sound-proof red and white passageway. Jared opened his suite to me before I could knock,
"I was on my way to get a bite to eat, why don't you join me?"
"Sure," I wondered why he hadn't said as much earlier,
"Sorry to have called you up, but I wasn't sure that I would be able to eat anything this morning, but since you're here, it gives me an excuse to try." I looked at him carefully, not as I had at the recital with the eyes of a fan, but with critical assessment. He was thin and somewhat strained looking around the eyes. A little gaunt, eyes shadowed by faint purple bruising. No major signs screaming 'I'm very ill', he did not have that vague jaundice appearance I'd seen on other cancer victims.
"What? does it show?" Jared had felt my appraisal.
"No, you don't look sick," what an idiot, how could I be so crass. I had been staring. He knew I had been assessing him.
"People have to live with cancer, Detective, they do not simply keel over and perish on the spot. Neither do they, commonly, take to their beds and fret. They have to deal with their illness and get on with the business of living." I felt my face flush, I was embarrassed by my lack of insight. I noticed, however, that he had chosen to say 'they' instead of 'we' giving me a bit of slack. Jared, I was surprised to find, was neither arrogant nor selfish. He had not acted like a Prima Donna, he had seen me without fuss and although he had snapped at me, he had not played to my sympathy factor, rather, he had pointed out that he managed to get by. I kept my mouth shut realizing that anything I attempted to say in my defense would fall flat on its face. I'm usually quiet a sensitive guy, but I've never known what to say to people with serious health conditions and quite honestly I don't think I'm the only one.
Jared led me to a beautiful courtyard with tables under umbrellas. Sparkling water features glistened in the sun blending perfectly with huge gray slabs that had been carefully positioned to highlight the effect. The setting was so startlingly bright and exquisite, that I understood plainly why I loved Africa so much. Nowhere else in the world would such a casual ambiance reflect its countries native blessings more uniquely, than here on a patio under the wide blue sky with a summer breeze catching at the skirts and shirts of the patrons, and ruffling them to a furl. Despite all my trials of late the weather and mood of the place lightened my heart. Jared, chose a table in a shaded corner.
An eager waiter was quick to attend. Jared inclined his head indicating to the attendant that I should order first. I selected a traditional bacon and egg breakfast from the wide white menu. Feeling immediately bad for my greed when Jared ordered only grapefruit and bran. The first thing any cop will tell you about the process of acquiring information, no matter who you might be interviewing in that endeavor, is that you have to be in control of the conversation. Jared, despite his youth, had swayed the meeting his way through his subtle human insights, gentle reprimands, and overall superior manner. He had made me look, and feel like an oversized gutter-snipe with all the class of an unsocialized idiot, but I knew it was not his intent. However, if I was going to get something meaningful for my time I needed to start improving my odds,
"How's your daughter.?" He asked before I could put my new plan into action, putting me on the defensive again, without even meaning to,
"She's good," I replied, shoulders tensing, steam rising in my blood.  Calm down, I told myself trying to smooth over my tension.
"What I've come here for, Jared, is to talk to you about Stacey," I blurted it out harshly. He looked down, and I realized with guilt, that he was trying to hide his reaction; his pain.
"I know, Detective, but I dread talking about what happened, mostly because it's such a mystery. I don't really know anything much, and so... Detective," He sighed deeply then continued,
"What happened to my sister makes no sense at all," he quit looking at his hands, as if deciding to confront me, then added,
"I had no idea that she was an escort, to me, it seems incomprehensible. She never mentioned it.., yes I'm aware that it's not the sort of thing you tell your younger brother, but we were very close, especially, since our parents passed when we were both very young, I cannot believe I wouldn't have guessed, also, you know, she didn't go out much at night, and although I realize that you can work at that kind of a... job during the day, surely she would have had to um ... service some clients during the evening, what do you think?" I looked over at him, struck suddenly by the youth his maturity of manner hid. My badgering him lay heavier on me. For the first time since I had met him I felt the chill futility of his bitterness blast out at me; this boy was not only fighting every day to hold on to his life, he had lost both his parents and his esteemed sister.  My sympathy rose like a bubble of emotion in my throat,
"Take your time there's no rush. I'm going to leave my card with you, see if you can think of anything that might be helpful to the case and call me night or day, OK?" I smiled at him in a fatherly way and I felt him warm to me instantly, making me feel even guiltier for manipulating his feelings to my advantage. Another thing, stirring at my cop instincts with a determined hand, was Jared's unshakeable belief that his sister could never have been involved with an escort agency; it could have been pride, but somehow I didn't think so, they had been very close and he knew her inside out. If she had been plying 'the trade' then, I figured, she must have been damn secretive about it and a bloody good liar to boot. Traits Jared did not ascribe to her. A slow but steady throb at my temple warned me to re-assess my image of the victim and start scratching at the agency, who seemed to be lying, and the company she had definitely been working for, to see what dirt I could uncover; what connection I might discover.
I paid the bill and left Jared with my card to keep him company and a dazed expression on his face at the speed of my departure and the quick turn of my attitude. I wished I had more time to spend with him but my gut was shouting at me to move, to rush ahead lest a few more bodies ended up on the pile that was growing on the tail of this saga.
By the time I reached the car the sun was glinting brightly at me off the windscreen, like a welcoming grin from a favored lover. I slipped in behind the wheel and punched the air conditioner into service, instantly dispelling the stifling heat from the interior.  Swinging into the sluggish mid-morning traffic I allowed my mind to scan the possibility that Stacey's murder had been framed to cast Damon as the murderer, and to create a staged setting for Stacey's killing. Somewhere amongst the jumbled frantic facts and events was a pointer, a pointer I knew I was missing, a vital sign that would breathe life into what now looked to be a dead notion.  The first thing I had to do was give each and every player a thorough going over. I needed as much information about their past, present and future as possible; without raising their suspicion.  I needed to identify my quarry.


Chapter Twenty.
Jena.

*


All hell had broken loose at the office. I stepped into a tornado of activity; the department was trying to talk a guy out of murdering his girlfriend.  He had taken her hostage on an upper floor of a derelict downtown building, and had offered us a schedule for various vicious acts he would perform on her, if her father who had offended him by calling him a fagot, would not apologize to him publicly on radio. The only problem was that the girl's daddy had been dead for more than a year, which was going to make the operation a tad more difficult than it ordinarily would have been; a fact mister gun-happy-kidnapper disregarded as police fabrication.
I tried to ignore the bustle and concentrate on my lap-top and the task at hand. I started with Jena because apart from Jared, she was the most likely amongst the players to have a high enough profile for her name to appear in a Google search result.
Nothing, nada, zip, not a single hit, not even a Linkedin profile, as far as the Internet was concerned she did not exist. I followed up with a news search that turned up two matches, neither of which named the firm she worked with or any associates or partners she might be involved with. If this girl were relying on the Internet to add bung to her career prospects something was sorely amiss. My guess was that Jena wanted it that way; I knew from experience that she knew how to handle a media crowd, and swing situations to her advantage. Keeping her own details quiet must have been a personal choice but I couldn't help wondering why. The scenario simply did not fit with the fire-brand image she projected. There was a bulge on the side of my laptop case and for a minute I couldn't figure what it was. Then, I remembered, lunch. Marissa had decided to pack health snacks for the whole family. I had no idea what the girls thought of it, but for me, despite never having been what I would call a boxed lunch man, I had begun to look forward to delving into the container like a deprived child; the box a surprise 'Lucky Packet' bestowed on me for good behavior. I hauled it out and peeked at the contents. Once again my wife had excelled herself; fresh-smelling, crunchy-looking muffins, various veggie sticks, with a creamy dip, chunks of cheese and fruit threaded on toothpicks, as well as tiny triangles of crust-less, whole-wheat with what looked like cucumber filling plus a carton of juice. Even though I had barely finished breakfast I tucked in with gusto while I constructed a more advanced, deeper digging, search term for the Google engine. Each case that had been mentioned in the news was a high-flying corporate civil suit with criminal intent as its spring-board. Both were Pharmaceutical manufacturers with research arms. Both companies had been found criminally negligent, and had subsequently been sued for civil damages. This seemed to be Jena's forte, since in both cases, the results had turned against the victims producing minimal financial gain. I kept digging all morning vaguely aware of the pandemonium mister Asshole was causing.
I had been assigned a new partner to replace Seth. It was a relationship I was not yet ready to engage. So I took it as fortuitous, in a macabre sort of way, that the kidnapper was keeping her busy; giving me time to work on my hunches without having to explain the details to a newcomer. She was working at the desk along the window with a couple of other uniforms. I took the opportunity to look her over, get an impression of the person under the frown she perpetually wore. Dark olive skin, quick intelligent mahogany eyes, medium height, reed slim, and whippet like. I didn't think we were going to have a problem working together, but and there's the thing of it, no one, absolutely no-one, could ever replace Seth. I hoped I could hold myself together enough not to blame her for it and take it out on her undeservedly. My attention was drawn back to the screen by an unusually large result set. My query had been "Drug Scandal Court Cases" , and there like a genie, Google had conjured both names associated to Jena's cases along with a few others. I began reading in earnest. In one instance Jena had defended a group of CEO's against allegations of faked testing results that had allowed a drug onto the market when it should have been more rigorously investigated for unacceptably dangerous side effects. In the other she had been called upon to explain the high fatality rate amongst a set of blood pressure maintenance drug users. On both occasions she had got the accused off lightly, which by the tone of the news articles was a testament to her superior ability in litigation.
As I had already discovered to my detriment, Jena Wade was not a woman to mess with. Apart from the fact that Jena had been involved in defending Pharmaceutical companies, and that Stacey had worked for one, there was little else to connect her to the victim. Only a tenuous subtle hint at similarity, not enough for formal suspicion. I was about to log-off when an image at the bottom of the screen caught my attention. The head-and-shoulder shot was part of the images usually chugged out by the search engine as part of any query, and in itself should not have been conspicuous, but something about the cast of the features, the shape of the nose and chin, made the profile distinctive. I pointed my cursor at it and the name Ivor Wadalski trailed it. I clicked to follow the image to its source article. Mr Ivor Wadalski was a board member in both of the companies that Jena had defended, and I was damned if he didn't resemble his councilor remarkably, despite his gender and advanced age.
The article made very little mention of Ivor's history so I refined my search, and changed its basis to find out if my instincts were right. I was surprised to discover a Wikipedia article on my subject; looked like I was moving in high society. Wadalski was a Polish immigrant, snatched up by the Americans in the early seventies for his brilliant work in chemical bio-engineering. He had combined a steroid, with a bronchial dilator, to construct a super drug for use in combating asthma. The concept, based on careful empirical data, and clever mathematical deduction had created a mega million earner for the firm that had had the foresight to import him. A laboratory assistant left behind in the wake of Ivor's success, had accused Wadalski of stealing his ideas and experimental findings to further his career, and escape the communist regime. An allegation Ivor had disputed as bitter jealousy on his associates behalf, but the seeds of doubt had been sown. People began to talk about Ivor behind his back. The accusation was never proven, and the assistant did not pursue the matter across international borders, so if they had foundation Ivor got away with the fraud. There was an old image on the page; a very good looking young man with his arm around a pregnant woman, against a background of planes landing on an airstrip. The caption read 'Ivor Wade (Wadalski) on his arrival in America 1974.'
I nearly fell off my chair.
"Was it her father?" my heart quickened at the prospect.
The reference site did not have very much personal history on Ivor, rather it described his technical brilliance and the medical value of his work.  Other than that, all it mentioned was that he had changed his name to Wade when he had taken up his American position. I felt a tremor of excitement run down my spine, my hands were unsteady on the keyboard as I typed in a request for Wadalski's personal history. I wanted to know if he was Jena's father and if so, how the family had made their way to South Africa. I got my answer on the next screen, but it was not the one I was hoping for.
An obituary excerpt for Mr.I.S. Wade(Wadalski), expressing how he would be sorely missed by his daughter Jena, and son, Crimeen. My conspiracy theory fell flat on its face, and I had only just begun to imagine the avenues it might have taken. I sighed heavily, but my voice was lost in the chaos that mister Asshole caused by executing his ex-lover, and then turning the gun on himself. All in all not a very good day, not by anyone's standards.



*


Chapter Twenty One.
Frankie.

*


I felt myself being drawn out of a warm comfortable dream by a pealing bell. I thought, in my dazed state, that it was a summons from my admirers to exult the super prowess I had demonstrated by saving the world single-handedly. Actually I had been woken by the sounds of Marissa making cocoa in the kitchen next to the couch that had become my sleeping quarters. She came out, cup in hand, with a sheepish look on her face for having interrupted my peace. She nudged me over to make a space on the edge of my chair for herself,
"So, how is the case going? Any new developments?" she inquired conversationally between sips, her face highlighted in relief by the glow of the neon light from the kitchen.
"No, not really, I thought I was on to something hot today, but it turned out to be nothing." I shrugged my shoulders at her from under my duvet staring greedily at her cocoa,
"Gosh, sorry. Would you like some? shows how selfish being single makes you." She offered lifting a handful of hair out of her face in a gesture so reminiscent of our intimacy, that it knocked the breath clean out of me. I had to catch myself from reaching over, I could palpably feel the smooth silkiness of her hair across my palms. My reaction was unmistakable, Marissa must have felt the vibes because she stood up jerkily,
"I'll get you that drink then, Shall I?" There was a forced unnatural sounding tone to her voice and I cursed myself my stupidity. The last thing I needed to do was put her back up. I felt myself hunch up, involuntarily, in defense at her rejection and sharp reaction. Rationally I shouldn't blame her, after all this was not meant to be a reunion, only a protective measure for our kids, but I couldn't help feeling peeved. I didn't go as far as refusing the cocoa she had offered, but our failed relationship hung between us like a sad, left over party ribbon on an empty street. I looked at her from under downcast brows, furtively, and I could see the raw ache on her face.~~I forgave her instantly realizing just how much pain we had caused each other, and that it couldn't have been easy for her having to have me back in the house.
"No don't get up, I'll bring it to you, just give me a minute," she recovered herself neatly, before turning on her heels and ducking through the alcove to the kitchen. While she was gone I forced myself to backtrack over the reasons for our separation, and for the life of me, I could barely come up with a single one. I know we had had bitter arguments, and weeks of sulking animosity, but I could not remember even the vaguest reason for any of the fights. I suddenly saw the ludicrousness of our separation and when Marissa came back in I was panting and giggling uncontrollably. She looked at me sideways with a bemused expression,
"What?" but I simply waved my hands at her, and gripped my aching sides, which were threatening to double me over.
"Thanks. Why don't you go back to bed before this gets complicated." I said when my fit had run its course.
"Yes, that is obviously the next best thing to do." She threw at me, as she made her way up the passage out of my way, with an expression on her face that spoke volumes as to her opinion of my outburst.
When she was gone, I snuggled up, but sleep was lost to me until the early hours. I was in the kitchen, well before the rest of the household filled the place with the noise of a new day. I had breakfast ready, and hot coffee brewing by the time the girls and Marissa made it into the room. For once I was a popular man with my family. I bundled myself into my car, greeted the security guard posted outside the house, and resolved to get some answers to my nagging questions without delay.



*

Chapter Twenty Two.
Stacey.

*


I wanted a bit of peace and quiet, so I made for Nick's rather than the station. There, I knew, I would be able to concentrate on my research. I found an empty booth with a window view of the street outside, and settled in with my lap top to on the table in front of me. Nick sent a waitress over a cup of coffee, but stayed away in person. He knew my habits, sensing, like any good host, when his guests needed space, liquid and WiFi.
I had put in an effort to illuminate Jena's background; Stacey's was still a mystery. From the agency, I had it that she was a hard working escort, but her brother, my wife, Seth and even my own instincts told me that this was nonsense, but If it was, then, why had Jena, and Crystelle lied, why was there a dead John and a suggestively nefarious credit card payment; here lay intrigue most beguiling in its complexity. My wife wanted me to establish fact over fiction, so I made the list she had so brilliantly suggested.
What I knew:-
Stacey was a research scientist.
 She was working on a unique cure for cancer, based on virology.
She was an orphan.
Her brother had cancer, and she had looked after him since her parents death.
She had been robbed, both at work and at home.
 She had been murdered.
A great deal of effort had been exerted to make her death seem something that it was not.

With these pointers in mind rather than the distractions I had been offered, I drew up a plan of action.
First, I hit the Internet:
All Google told me was that she was sister to a famous violinist. The news listed her as being appointed as a research team leader at Alfax, one of the few Pharmaceutical companies in Africa. Alfax had an exemplary reputation, with none of the shady inferences I had encountered when researching the businesses Jena had defended. They had a clean bill of health.
Like Jena, however, Stacey did not have a very high profile on the Internet, I suspected that it might have had something to do with lack of time. Stacey's type of job, usually meant long hours, and her dedication to her brother probably didn't leave her much space for herself. Nevertheless, she did have a Facebook page, there were no wall posts, only a few pictures. The images were all of Jared in concert, or receiving awards. What was interesting, however, was her profile which gave her nationality as Polish.
Wow.
I plugged this new scrap of information into my computer, and there it was!, an old news report filled the screen. It gave details of a car accident that had killed both Stacey's parents. Apparently they had been fairly well off, Stacey's father had inherited a small fortune made in mining when a relative had died without local kin. He had immigrated from Poland married a local girl, and
My God!
Had changed their name from Choiński to Cornish. Her father had been a research chemist.
By now I was salivating.
I felt like I'd clicked in the final piece of a jigsaw puzzle that I had been battling to complete for years. I knew without having to search further that Stacey's father would be the assistant Jena's father had allegedly swindled out of his invention, I looked anyway.
In the years after World War Two, asthma had been controlled through the use of synthetic Cortisone; unfortunately large doses were often prescribed, which led to numerous unpleasant side effects. Medical professionals switched to broncho-dilator reliever drugs, but even these like Fenoterol, caused problems, and sometimes death, with overuse. Steroids were the most effective medication to reduce airway inflammation and mucus production, but what Jena's father had supposedly done was to combine the broncho-dilator with the steroid, thereby creating the best form of asthma control seen in decades. It had been a true money spinner for the American company who had bought both Ivor and the drug.
Still, apart from a brief line in a newspaper report, there had been no other allegations attributing~~the drug to Stacey's father as apposed to Jena's.
I called Jared to see if he could shed some light, but both his cell and his grandmother's phone simply rang; no Jared, but I resolved to try again later.
As for records, I called a friend who had easy access to old police reports, and asked him to look into the details of the accident. He was fast,
"Not much official there, I'm afraid, the car was burnt beyond recognition. No one else was involved. They went off a cliff in Cape Town, you know how treacherous those mountain passes can be?" I did,
"Thanks, Craig, I owe you one glad to know there was no foul play,"
"Oh, I didn't say that, I said nothing official. The officer who worked the case was so sure that there was something odd about the crash that he filed his 'misgivings' as part of his report, and you know what that means, don't you? He simply couldn't prove anything, but in his mind things did not add up. I've already sent a copy to your email. Read it then get back to me, I'd like to know what you think of it." I promised him that I would, thanked him again then rang off.
I wanted to call Jena, but I stopped myself in time; no use alerting her to my findings, and besides, what had I really uncovered apart from a delicate thread of connection that had existed in a previous era. It was a tangent, there could be something to it, but I hadn't found a pin to hang my case on.
Guaranteed, I had stirred the dust on old associations, there had to be more to it than that, such things were rarely coincidental, but that only made it worthwhile as far as a cop was concerned, a judge would simply throw it out. Sadly I would need much more than a thread that tied my victim to her boss's lawyer to get this solved, even if it was unequivocally clear, that they had moved in the same circles.
I was itching to speak to Stacey's colleagues at Alfax, but first I needed to check in at the office.

*



Chapter Twenty Three.
Nina.

*


As I crossed the road to my office I worked on a strategy in my head.  I had to make a call at the company Stacey's had worked for, to see how the land lay. Perhaps I would jolt something or someone into action.  Somehow, everything seemed to hinge on Seth's death. Before he had been hit the murderers' were intent on letting their smokescreen work for them.  They were content in the knowledge that we would look no further than Damon for our killer. A lot of risk and planning had been directed at convincing us and framing Damon. Seth must have stumbled onto someone in a compromising situation or something of a definitive nature, and it must have been vital enough to get him killed.
The office, by the time I got there, was a glum and dispirited place courtesy of the executioner, and I was relieved when my call to set up a meeting with Stacey's former colleagues met with a positive response.  I couldn't get out of the station quickly enough, the mood radiated by a bunch of disgruntled cops was very depressing indeed.  I set the Garmin to navigate for me and sat back deeply in my seat, eager to get a more personal glimpse into the victims life. I was surprised when the address revealed a modern high rise complete with gated security and a concourse sized parking lot. I had thought the building, which lay on the outskirts of Johannesburg might be difficult to find, I hadn't figured on the correct department being hidden in a maze once I got there.
The uniformed security personnel at the gate were helpful, friendly and knowledgeable. A vivacious redhead called in to send someone to usher me up to what had been Stacey's lab.  I was more than grateful when she went the extra mile and allotted a reserved parking space for me near the entrance. I did not want to get lost in Alfax's sprawling edifice, the efficient guard seemed to appreciate how intimidating the place could be for new comers and gave me very clear directions.
Cloudy dark glass in elegant narrow panes masked the lobby. A shopping mall like turnstile granted access, and once inside the ground floor gave the impression of an airport rather than an office block. On the left, in an open plan layout with a patio, was a restaurant and take-away area. On the right tucked in next to the lifts was a laundromat, news agency, Internet café and daycare center.  Alfax, most definitely cared about their staff. The building was more mini-city than work place--their attention to the needs of their employees was admirable.
I had been advised to wait in the coffee shop, the thoughtful guard had given me enough time for a quick cup before my appointment. The searching scan the woman gave as she entered the café alerted me to her identity. I knew she was looking for me. I stuck up my hand like a school kid wanting to be the first to answer a difficult question posed by the master in grade school, but the woman didn't seem to mind. She negotiated her way between tables, a professional smile, aimed at me, plastered over her features. She extended a hand, by way of greeting, when she reached me.
"Mr Harlow?" she posed quizzically, her hazel eyes questioning. When I confirmed by shaking her hand, she gestured to the waitress with a nod then paid my bill, and indicated for me to follow her to the lifts. These people were all so damn nice that I felt as if I'd landed on some alien planet way out of my own solar system.
"What can I help you with Detective? Stacey was an asset to this company and a very good person. Anything I can do...?" She pushed a button on the sconce to summon a lift and looked back at me, inquiringly. She was making a valiant effort at conversing naturally.
"I need to know more about her projects, you know, what she was working on, what progress she had made, who she was working with, who her closest associates were and who she confided in, if anyone?"
"A tall order Mr Harlow, let's see what we can come up with." She turned to the lift's doors which slid aside to accommodate us.
"Please call me Frank," I offered hating the formalities.
In the lift, while her attention was diverted by the bright floor indicator above the doors, I had the opportunity to examine my guide more closely. Her look was strange but appealing; iron gray hair, belied a smooth young face which capped a pert well rounded figure. She was undoubtedly feminine but gave off an unmistakable air of androgyny. An aura of masculinity blurred her gender in a manner I had never come across before. She turned to me just as the doors began to open at our destination floor. She caught me unawares, my eyes appraising her critically. Either she was used to people's reaction to her, or just too well mannered to say anything about it, because she simply stepped out of the car, indicating with her chin toward the direction we were to take and marched off ahead of me determinedly.
The construction of the passage-way gave me the first inkling as to the high-tech design and electronic automation inherent in the building. Floor to ceiling steel panels riveted next to tall lock-out doors held a dazzling display of gadgetry. The walkway itself seemed hewn from stainless steel, there was not a joint to be seen. There were numerous tech-panels intersecting the molded passage, each of which, held a CCV flat-screen monitor detailing the work in progress within. A digital keyboard with impressive concealed lighting seemed to afford entry, but by the looks of the security system and pressure finger-pad next to the key-board,
 a password as well as an approved fingerprint was needed to get inside.  It was a mind-boggling combination of financial means and intellectual acumen.  Like most people, nowadays, I was a tech-junkie. I knew my way around a computer and could generally identify most average electronic gizmos. This, however, was in a category apart. It looked like it was going to be a day of unaccustomed things and people--both mesmerizing and perplexing.
"I'm Nina, by the way." My guide shot out at me over her shoulder, well aware of the impression the place was having on me.  She fiddled with a particularly amazing set of gadgets on a panel at the end of the passage.  The narrow sunlit room on the monitor looked empty within.
"Was this Stacey's lab?" I interjected, while she worked the buttons.
"Yes. Now it's mine, but I've been on vacation, so I haven't used it yet." Her tone held such a note of honest wistful regret, that it made me starkly aware of how much this woman had truly admired Stacey. The steel doors swung open silently giving us access. The room looked like a typical laboratory apart from the fact that there was no work in progress.
"Were you working with her?"
"No. We were working on the same project but as rivals. We compared notes on a regular basis, but it was a social formality. It is practice amongst competitors to keep any major breakthroughs to themselves. Sometimes it's a silly tradition but then again...". She let the conclusion hang as she settled herself on a high lab bench and offered the chair across the table to me.  Obviously Nina had a lot more to say.
"I don't mean to sound illiterate, but exactly what type of research are you doing?" I knew their research had something to do with viruses but I wanted to see how Nina would respond.
"We are medical scientists hoping to either accidentally, or accidentally-on-purpose, rid the world of cancer." It was a stock response, and I think she meant it to be light hearted. I grinned on cue and continued; humoring her,
"Why do you say accidentally?"
"Cancer research has been through all sorts of stages, Detective, the joke goes that chemotherapy was originally developed by two men, one of whom was really good - Goodman and Gilman. Their discovery of a chemical compound that could control the growth of tumors was based on the gassing of an entire Italian village during the Second World War. The bombing and the discovery were both accidental. The US Navy had a ship in port, carrying a secret cargo of chemical weapons. The Germans air raided the village, inadvertently releasing the only Allied Chemical weapon ever to be used during the entire war. Bari, the Italian town, was mustard gassed. During subsequent autopsies on the victims, it was found that the gas had zapped the growth of tumors. Goodman and Gilman, who were already doing research into the retardation properties of chemicals on cancer were alerted. They found pure mustard gas a little too volatile for lab testing and replaced a nitrogen molecule for sulfur, thereby producing nitrogen mustard, and as they say, the rest is history." It was a nice story.  One I'm sure Nina had told many times before, she was well aware of its cute factor; nevertheless, it was an interesting lead to my next question, which with hindsight, should have been a little more targeted; if it had been, it might have saved me a not inconsiderable bit of embarrassment later.
"So, is that what you're about, developing a chemotherapy drug?" It was way to broad I should have used the opportunity to find out exactly what Stacey had been doing.
"Yes, in a way, I guess you could describe it that way to a layman.  Cancer research, really only takes one of two forms, either the researcher is looking into how individuals avoid cancer, in other words their immunology, or how to kill tumors once they begin to multiply. We are doing a bit of both here."
"Do you really mean to tell me that there are people who are immune to cancer?"
"There might well be, but if there are they are not an identifiable group, cancer, as far as diseases go, is the worlds most prevalent killer, it was responsible for more than nine million deaths during 2010 and the numbers are growing. Sadly most of the deaths we are working so hard to prevent are caused by sloppy living habits such as smoking. The cases where patients contract the disease through no known fault of their own are the ones we are interested in, it's those types we want to eliminate. As to your question, directly, the only known cancer resistant species on the planet, is the hairless Mole Rat from Ethiopia, they cannot, it seems get the disease, even when it is directly injected into their blood streams, a lot of research is being done to find out why they are so resistant. Does that answer your question?"
"Yes, I guess it does. Do you get to manage her team now?" I had begun smoking again after the theater incident with Shiloh, I made a mental note to quit at once.
"She only had one assistant, a brilliant man, who has now joined our competitor. They apparently made him an offer he couldn't refuse. Haven't spoken to him since."
"So, then, there is no one who actually knows exactly what Stacey was up to?"
"Precisely!" Nina watched me expectantly.
"Do you think he will speak to me, her ex-assistant that is...?"
"You'd have to ask him, Detective." I had the distinct impression that this odd, but obliging woman was hiding something; leaving something important unsaid. Call It Frankie intuition, cop's sixth sense, call it whatever you like, I felt it as keenly as a punch of light behind my eyes,
"Is there anything else, you know... That might be relevant.... That you think you should tell me?"
"I don't know what you mean Mr Harlow.." She disengaged her eyes, looking off at nothing in particular, making me certain of my conjecture. She was dodging me. I allowed the gap in the conversation to linger into awkwardness. Eventually she cast her attention back at me. I wasn't sure, but I thought I detected a marginal blush on her cheek bones.
"Any journals, notes, work files that Stacey kept would be much appreciated. I don't have a warrant. Is it necessary?"
"No it's not, because there aren't any. We had a break in all her data was stolen,"
"Oh yeah, her maid said as much."
"Good. She told you, then." 
"Naturally, she told me about the robbery here, and the one she had at her house. Apparently they were connected--something needed hiding. I wonder if they got what they wanted?" I was thinking out loud but Nina took up the line.
"This is a very competitive business, Mr Harlow. As you can see we've beefed up security no end since the incident."
"So... It would have been easier to get in here before?"
"Yes, but not overly much. I have been convinced that the robbery had something to do with Stacey's death from the very start. You are the first person I have spoken to who might just agree with me. Being a scientist I don't much believe in chance not where the human factor is involved anyway...The lab was broken into twice, in quick succession, first they stole most of everything in it. The second time, they pulverized the door and took everything we had replaced," She was nodding her head as if to force the point home to me. Her eyes were wide with an innocent look. I didn't really believe that Nina was directly involved in Stacey's death, but I added a tick next to her name on the list of people who might have valuable information; people who were not being as forthright as I felt they should have been,
"Personally I agree with you, all evidence supports it," I answered, scrutinizing her body language closely,
"I also don't buy the hooker story. Stacey was murdered because of her research, of that I'm sure." I looked at her silently.
Contemplation must have been written all over my face, because she stood up suddenly, indicating as clearly as if she had said it, that our meeting was over.
"I think I can find my own way out.". I offered. The conversation had not gone as planned and I was under no illusions, as to the fact, that Nina was normally used to getting her own way.

 *






Chapter Twenty Four.
Shiloh and Marissa.

*


When I got home, the expression on Marissa's face left me in no doubt that the shit was about to hit the fan and that, that fan was right above my head.
"Frank I want to speak to you, can we go somewhere private?"
"I was going to invite you on a date, how come you always second guess me?" I jabbed, hoping to lighten the air. Marissa, however, was having none of it, her face looked gray, lines of strain were etched at the side of her mouth, and I had not seen her look more determined and angry since the day we had decided to separate.
"What?" I sighed at her, the general frustration of the day heavy on my voice.
"I can't talk to you here. Let's go to Jose's and talk there."
My mood softened her tone somewhat but she stuck to her guns. I followed her out to my car reluctantly, she didn't need to tell me that I would be driving, it was presumed. Once we were safely ensconced behind my tinted windscreen Marissa relented slightly,
"It's Shiloh, that boy Jared called her and invited her to one of his recitals, I don't think she would have told me about it, but he's going to pick her up at the house on Friday, and that would be difficult to hide."
"So?" Now I was completely clueless.
"Are you insane? Not only it this boy... Man... very ill, but surely this puts Shiloh at risk. How could you be so stupid as to give him our home phone number, Frank?" She had turned to face me the seat belt the only restraint from the sting of her open hand on my cheek, she hit out at me, and I had nothing to offer in my own defense. Needless to say, we never got as far as Jose's, the type of day it was saw to that.
"I told her she couldn't go but she's hell bent on defiance...You know what she's like. She just said-'I'll be fine mom, I'm not a little kid ... get a hold of yourself!'-Can you believe that? you will have to speak to her.... or him, if it comes to that."
She was spewing words at me like a volcano, when the windscreen exploded, with a pop, right in front of our noses, it rained in on us with the force of a blizzard except the edges were sharp. Marissa's diatribe turned into a scream in my ears with such rapidity that the whole thing seemed as unreal as a staged play.
"Duck!" I heard myself yell, as if we could dodge the glass, let alone, whatever had caused the window to shatter in the first place.

Bullet I thought, and I was right.

Where the hell is our guard, but I suspected the worst, and I was right again.
I leaned over mechanically and released the lock on Marissa’s seat-belt then the door lock, and pushed her out,
"Keep low, get behind the car." The words sounded hollow surrounded by the echo of the shatter. A mesh of glass still clung to the frame on Marissa's side of the windscreen, so I knew that the shot had come from my side. I figured that pushing her out of the car would give her the best chance at survival. I yanked my gun out of its holster, and answered with a return volley before rolling on my side over Marissa's chair, and onto the tar surface of our garage. I landed, with a thud, on top of my wife. She had not moved round back as I had instructed. It was then, that the inter-leading door between the house and the garage opened. In the crack of light I saw Shiloh's face peer in, her eye's screwed up against the dim interior.
"Get back inside!" I yelled at her, but it was too late. I saw her fold over before my eyes long before I actually heard the bullet hit. I watched my child crumble and I hadn't been able to do a damn thing to stop it. I felt tears swell in my eyes I brushed them away hastily, I couldn't afford to blur my vision. I needed to get a clear shot at my assailant.
I watched booted feet approach from my vantage point beneath the car. The shooter must have thought we had dived behind the vehicle for cover. It was my only advantage, and I used it praying against the odds that my shot would not miss. I pressed my trigger my crouch awkward and unwieldy, far from ideal, but I hit my mark. The feet flew up out of sight accompanied by a excruciating yelp of pain. I heard, rather than saw, our attacker land then there was a scratching, dragging sound followed by the relieving noise of hurried flight--as the shooter attempted to preserve his life by getting the hell away from my wrath, and my gun, pronto.
Nevertheless the damage had been done. I eased myself off Marissa's prone form, she hadn't made a sound since her initial scream. My shoulder came away bloody, but the crimson glutinous mess was not my own, it was leaking the life out of Marissa as she lay innocent of its intent on the floor of our garage. Her wound was on the left side of her temple. The fabric of my jacket had ripped across the pocket causing my cellphone to jam. I literally forced it out,~~tearing into it, in my panic to get the Paramedics to my door as fast as possible. After the call, I dropped my phone to the floor, then went to attend my daughter.
Strange, how it is with a parent, my wife was definitely injured, but I had to find out if Shiloh was alright before I would be able to clear my mind sufficiently to concentrate on my wife. Shiloh lay like a discarded rag doll rumpled against the doorjamb. Oddly the thing that struck home about the scene was the peeling paint shedding itself from the door-frame and I actually wondered, at that definitive crucial moment, why Marissa, who was usually so meticulous about such things had been negligent in this respect. Weird how the mind operates to help us cope with trauma, isn't it?


*
Chapter Twenty Five.
Stacey.



*


She wished she could move, but her hands were firmly tied behind her back and her legs were pinned under a dead man's head. she caught glimpses of the man's puffed purple face in flashes as they sped past streetlights, the van's single high window, lighting the interior in momentary macabre flashes that were all the more vivid in contrast to the total darkness.
Her head was groggy, she had no recollection of getting into the van. Her last memory; a punch, which must have knocked her out. That she was going to have a tough time staying alive, was a given. Strangely, she considered the fact as if she were musing on the fate of a stranger--everything seemed completely unreal, as if the events were scenes from a distant place.
Without knowing exactly when, she became aware of voices holding a conversation in the cab of the van. She was the subject,
"I bet you a hundred, she'll talk after I've had five minutes with her."
"We'll see then, won't we?" a second dull, foreign sounding voice answered, she plugged her ears with her fingers, refusing to cry.
She had to think, not listen to their sick plan.
Her bag with the single note of paper she had stuffed into it, as proof of her findings, was gone. She only had a scarp of it left, firmly tucked beneath her shirt. It was far too small to be of much use.
Ouch,
She cried out, they were traveling at quite a speed, the van had hit an obstacle in the road, forcing the heavy body on top of her to bounce with a heavy thump back onto her calves.
The only valuable thing I have are my trials. All the rats were cured, and none of the mice contracted the disease.
Mice generally contracted none human types of cancer, one simply had to say 'cancer' to a mouse and the poor thing would develop a tumor. The mice treated using her unique methods, had not only resisted the normal strains of the disease to which they were susceptible , they had not grown any of the human varieties she had attempted to induce. Totally remarkable. In the control group none of the animals had survived.
The unequivocal results of her exhaustive tests; the total victory she had won against the disease, made her feel a little less vulnerable.
Without doubt, she knew they would want the test results. She prayed that she would be able to withstand the methods they might devise to get it out of her, it was the only bargaining tool she had, if they thought that she had told someone, given the results to a third party, or hidden them where someone she trusted might find them, then she had a chance.
If I don't make it, everything I've worked for might be lost. 
Oh, God! 
Even the thought of her own mortality could not equal the dread her last thought had drawn.
Suddenly, the van ground to a halt; another sharp pain stabbed through her as the body, once again, sagged on top of her. The doors at the back were torn apart. Startling torchlight flooded the interior, blinding her. All the terror she should have been feeling all along, rushed at her,
She heard herself whimper involuntarily, she wanted to be brave, she wanted to fight.
She felt rough hands grab at her, she tried to dodge them uselessly, there was not enough space to evade, much less to escape.
They pulled her out.
They laughed callously as they shoved her onto the tar, heaving the dead man's body above her.
Indignity wasn't the half of it, they had stolen her humanity.



*

END PART ONE.



PART II

TASTE IS IN THE BLOOD.


Chapter Twenty Six.

Frank.

*

I drove to United Memorial Hospital with the ever-present sound of taxi horns blaring a deafening roar in my ears, I drove behind the ambulance like Mad Max, for once, although aware of the noise, totally oblivious to the danger of the crazy weaving traffic - indeed, I was its worst hog. The wait--between moving Marissa and Shiloh from the back of the van to the emergency ward--was the most intensely slow I have ever known. Time dragged, while I suffered needing to hear if my girls would make it. Only when the medic delivered the news that they were not on the critical list did I begin to act normally. I was told that they needed immediate surgery, and that the doctor would give me more information after they had been stabilized.
It's true that calamity is an impetus for inventiveness. The need to delve deeper into Jena and Stacey's history was now, under the circumstances, a constant clawing at the periphery of my consciousness. With disaster weighing on me my mind was clearer. Each event, each fact seemed to untangle and then, layer themselves carefully, one above the other in an iteration of sequence - presenting a glaring reality, a single obvious conclusion, I simply could not believe I hadn't thought of before.
With the kind of clarity you see in sunlight after a soaking rain, I knew, without a doubt, that Stacey had come up with a cure. She had succeeded where so many had failed, she had come up with the formula, the ultimate tool in the fight for survival of modern man, the banishment of the wasting disease and her invention had killed her. Two thoughts struck me, in quick succession, after my epiphany. The first was that whoever had murdered her had got into the act very speedily. If Stacey had had a cure she would most certainly have attempted to save her brother, yet, he was completely unaware of it. Two, all I had to do to find her killer was to find the person or company that were now offering that cure, anyone who was now advertising their discovery of a viral solution to cancer. I felt the corners of my mouth turn up for what seemed like the first time in eons. My emotions bubbled up like energetic fire-flies bursting from the pit of my stomach, lifting my mood, lightening my step. Relief flooded through my veins like a life saving elixir. The whole scenario had had me baffled, my cluelessness making me short-tempered
 and preoccupied. I had never investigated medical espionage before, but even I could guess, what a cure like Stacey's could be worth. Suddenly the intensity of the killers fear at being caught amplified by their relentless targeting of my family made sense. These people, it seemed, would stop at nothing to get away with their prize and the money it would bring. I was so certain of my facts, so confident that I was onto them and knew the entire score, that I went at it like a terrier; no caution whatsoever. All this, while I treaded in repeat cycles - up and down, up and down - on the linoleum floor in an anonymous hallway at United Memorial Hospital, waiting to hear the extent of the damages both my daughter and wife had sustained at the hands of the lunatic who had shot them. Often stress produces answers that might lie hidden in calmer times, and although my head should only have been filled with focused thoughts of my family, somehow, I felt I had cracked the case wide open, and in so doing had ultimately saved their lives. The surgeon came out at me like a dragster on over-drive, his enthusiasm for his craft fueled by the good tidings he could offer. The clipped staccato delivery of his pronouncement; a measure of his energy. Only after he had given Shiloh and my wife the green-light did I see how impossibly young he seemed. My horror at his youthfulness quickly subsided on the tail of his thoughtful and knowledgeable prognosis. I was further gratified once he had turned away from me to face his task, by the scrub nurse who followed him back into theater. She winked at me and turned up her thumbs in a caricature of the universal sign of goodwill. They had survived, thank-god, even if their recovery both physical and otherwise would take time.
My gut growled at me, 'starving' it roared. I realized that I hadn't eaten anything for a fair few hours, my body was resisting the carelessness of my treatment of it. Sometimes it's god-awful to be human, first my brain dances with thoughts of a murder, then my body decides to give in to its basic need to be fed. I could hear Marissa's reprimand as if she were standing next to me....
"It's always you and the job or you and your stomach Frank... Always," I shook my head at the reality of her conjuring, and turned on my heels toward the circular nurse's station down the hall. I hadn't noticed much of anything on arrival. I had no clue where United Memorial kept its Canteen but the nurses were very helpful in that respect.




Chapter Twenty Seven.
Frankie.

*

Despite United Memorial's unfortunate name, its Canteen was a bright affair with cheerful shiny tables, and large wrap-around picture windows revealing lush gardens in various shades of green. The name of the place, however, did not bode well for the patients. To me it evoked remembrance.... Scary. I shuddered at my own thoughts, while pulling out a chair at a corner table with a spectacular view directly adjacent to a hospital pay-phone. Before I Settled myself I keyed my new partners number into the phone. She answered on two.
"Yeah, Carla." She barked, moving the earpiece of the device a little further away I returned.
"Frank, Carla. Can you pick up on a bit of research for one of my majors? I need you to find out exactly what type of investigation my victim was involved in, the Stacey case, you know the one?"
"Yes Frank." Slight tone of irritation. I guessed that it was aimed at my questioning her knowledge of my ... our cases rather than at the task assigned,
"Also, I don't have my cellphone with me, so once you have a lead on the nature of Stacey's field of study do an Internet search for press releases by anyone claiming to have made a major breakthrough in a similar area, are you with me?" Carla was silent for a moment on the other end, I could almost see her biting down on her lip.
"How's your wife and daughter doing?"
"They are recovering, I don't think it'll be an overnight thing though. I've bought an iPad for Shiloh to see if that will ease her pain a little," I said,
"She'll love it, I'm sure.  I'm so glad they're OK," she returned chuckling.
"I'll get back to you as soon as possible," she promised disconnecting after I'd given her the wall phones number. At least I'd managed to swing her attitude away from irascibility--I was learning.
With little to do other than wait I gave in to my overwhelming hunger, I was ravenous and my knee hurt like hell. It hadn't quite healed from its previous bout with crime before being put through its paces again, in circumstances far from ideal. Food I knew would make be feel normal again even if the gratification was momentary.
I went over to the buffet style serving station to view the fare. What always amazes me about hospital cafe's is the array of junk food they serve. Somehow they should only be allowed to offer health options.... I ordered a cheese burger and fries. The burger was surprisingly good. The phone rang out summoning me just as I was finishing up.
"So.... " I questioned, expecting a windfall.
"No such luck, seems our girl was working with genetically altered viruses, viruses aimed at eradicating cancer. It's an idea that has had serious backing worldwide. No company or individual has announced a cure of that nature. Dead-end, sorry Frankie," she sounded as disappointed as I felt.
"Another thing, Frank, we've just got a report in on the guy from your theater shooting, seems he was Polish, with a rap sheet as long as your arm in his own country, if he had lived they would have wanted to extradite. As it is, his papers, found at the boarding house he was living at, are dodgy at best. I'll keep you posted as to anything else we find." I thanked her, put my phone back in its socket, and sat there for the longest time, staring out as the flood of natural light turned gold then amber, as the daylight dwindled into shadow.
After that an unmistakable air of fatigue hung over the case like a sentence that had run out of words; it dangled meaninglessly--heavy on the lips. Shiloh and Marissa had been allocated to the same ward, which made visiting hours easier logistically but not emotionally.  My wife could hardly keep the steel out of her glare when she looked my way.
Shiloh would have to live with a shard of bullet lodged hard above her ear. Miraculously the thing had not hit her directly, rather it had smacked into the wall next to her head. A sliver splintered and struck her skull where, I had been told, it would have to stay.
Other bullets removed from both my wife and daughter were sent over to ballistics for analysis, hopefully something would come of it.
I sat between them trying not to occupy the direct line of Marissa's sight. Shiloh's face lit up when I produced the new Tablet I'd bought for her,
"Thought you might get bored, girl like you, cooped up in here like this?" I offered it as compensation, my face, I'm sure, was a picture of affection and remorse.
"Great dad, sometimes you're the best!" she exclaimed yanking the packaging off the thing, and discarding it with scant thought to tidiness. It landed at the side of the hospital bed, it's Apple logo looking forlorn and skewed on the crumpled plastic.
"Dad, the thing is that I feel I need to know a little more about this whole mess. You know, for instance… Why the hell I'm in here?"
"Don't involve yourself … Shiloh."
"Mom, you must be crazy I need to know." Shiloh shot daggers at her mother cutting her reprimand off before she could voice her concerns effectively. Then she turned questioning eyes towards me expecting me to bring the goods.
"She's right, Mari, I do owe her. It's the least I can do." I sighed, shifting my butt on the uncomfortable steel and leatherette that the hospital passed off as a chair. I took my time formulating my explanation wanting to present my involvement without exposing the extent of my obsession.
"My victim, Jared's sister was cut down in a way that made her death look like a hooker murder...."
"Frank!" Marissa bellowed from her side of the room like a lioness protecting her cub.
"Oh, for god's sake Mom, I know what a hooker is, this isn't the dark ages you know." There was a smear of a smirk over Shiloh's comments, that couldn't help but provoke a grin from both of us.
"Well?" Shiloh prompted.
I told her everything I knew about Stacey, Damon and the rest, noting with more than a little satisfaction the intensity of my daughter's attention. Then I added,
"Stacey was involved in medical research, which focused on using a virus as a possible cure for cancer. In addition all her notes and experimental data were stolen immediately before she was killed.~~All of which leads me to believe that the true killer wanted whatever she discovered for themselves. What do you think? But, and it's a big but, no leads, no announcements, no major news of a cure …       Nothing at all. Very weird indeed?"
"How does it work?" Shiloh's question caught me off guard in mid-stride,
"How does what work honey?" I asked catching my breath in the process,
"The virus?" she had me shamefaced, I had absolutely no idea, none whatsoever. I had asked Nina quite a few questions about cancer when we talked, but I had not found out the specifics of Stacey's research, neither had I investigated it on my own terms, I had not realized it might be important to know the technical details.
"I'm not really sure," I returned honestly "why don't you use your new i Pad to find out? It's a 3G as well as WiFi device." I added proud of the knowledge I'd acquired from the helpful Apple Salesman... It was the best I could do to cover my lack of knowledge in regard to her question.
"Anything else, Dad?"
"I guess . Jared has cancer as you know, his sister did not tell him anything about a new medication. I think that she came across a sudden breakthrough, and it was snatched from her 'on the spot',"
"That makes sense." Marissa added.
"Yeah," Shiloh's turn.
"Who else knew what she was up to, who was she working with. How did they manage to make it look like a hooker murder, fall guy and all?"
Shiloh's insight and thoughtful probing cast my focus back to Nina. She had mentioned that Stacey's assistant had gone to work for the competition. I now had a fresh slant on the facts thanks to my daughter's determined inquiry.
"What's the name of the agency she was supposed to be working for, and the name of the research lab she was actually working for? Dad."
I told her, not believing for one second that she would be able to effectively use the information. I underestimated my own child.




Chapter Twenty Eight.
Carla.
*

The office had become an alien venue over the last couple of days. I felt strange sitting there dialing Nina's number, amid the hubbub of normality, while my family lay innocent and exposed at United Memorial. I had arranged an around the clock surveillance team, but the memory of the short work the enemy had made of the last guy, couldn't help but make me uneasy.
Nina picked up, her Contralto voice purring down the line,
"How can I help you? Frank Harlow, isn't it?" She inquired, remembering my name,
"Hi, yeah," I said pleased the effect my memory had on her voice,
"You said that Stacey had an assistant, what was his name, and who has he gone to work for?" I asked, making the belated request for information I should have pursued much earlier.
"Stephen James..." Her voice was a trail of guilt, I heard it loud and clear.
"He's with Crimeen industries now." Involuntary pause long and drawn out, but Nina knew her duty. Ah, whistles and bells, where had I heard that name before....?
The process of connecting the dots, however, was rudely shoved aside by Carla my new partner's words from across the station floor,
"Be orderly, be calm.." She shot her left arm out, three fingers aimed at the ceiling, commanding the attention of all.
"Bomb threat." All eyes swiveled towards her. The room piped down to a concerned hum. Once she had them riveted, she screamed out,~
"Says the building's going to blow in ten minutes, and ended with a calling card--only one word; Stacey. Now let's get out people, and let's do it orderly..."~
Fortunately, police stations, even in Africa, have ingrained procedures and alarms to deal with this sort of drama.
Once the sirens had done their thing we all filed out anticipating a hoax, and getting a blast of searing hot air that led to immediate chaos, instead. The building literally fragmented before our eyes, sending a wicked tongue of orange-red flames to lick greedily at the horizon, for as far as the eye could see. Smoke billowed and belched out of the gaping hole where we had been standing only minutes before. Black clouds dulled the sun, throwing everyone, more than a few meters away, into relief. Then, just as suddenly ambulances and police vehicles burst out of the gloom at us lights whipping and engines screaming in revolt, as their drivers forced mechanical performance beyond their unit's capacity, in an effort to reach the site with minimum delay.
Debris flung about on the tail of the blast had brought all traffic, both pedestrian and mobile to a grinding halt. As the sound of the rescue vehicles quieted, the wailing of the injured filled the air then rolled outwards like a mushroom, drawing uninjured bystanders in to assist.
Amazement settled into staggering shock, not only at the audacity of the act, but at the loopholes in our security system that had allowed such a disaster to happen in the first place. Disbelief rippled, then radiated across the breadth of the entire force, which had been marooned like so much discarded baggage with the litter on the pavement.
"Bastards!" my very thoughts were vocalized by Carla, who had come up behind me,
"You OK, Frankie?" She inquired concern scrunching her dirt streaked brow,
"You seem to have a gash on your forehead." She reached up to touch me, allowing the pain from the injury I'd been totally unaware of to register with a sharp ache.
"I'll be fine, Carla. I didn't realize I was bleeding." My fingers had come away bloody from above my eyebrow.
"I don't think it's too deep Frank, but go over to the Paramedics and let them take a look, will you?"
"Thanks, Carla, but what's got me, is not the wreckage here, which by the looks of things, could be much worse; It's the how, Carla. How the hell did they manage to pull this off, you know, actually get a device into a secured area with personnel trained to prevent exactly that sort of thing from happening?" Her eyes looked spooked above the charcoal smears on her cheeks and over her nose. She shook her head gravely,
"Mystery Frank, that's for sure. Tell you one thing though, makes us look like a bunch of idiots, doesn't it? The laughing stock of the force. I'm not looking forward to tonight's headline stories on TV, or tomorrow's newspapers."

Chapter Twenty Nine.
Frankie.
*

Dust, and bad press settle. The fact that all the victims escaped mortal injury, was our only saving grace. Despite the running joke our department had become in the local rags our bosses on high were remarkably quick and efficient at salvage operations. We had been re-constituted across the road from our old building at our favorite drinking hole, Nick's.
The staff were somewhat dazed and disorientated. The brass had demonstrated a rare bureaucratic feat in setting up the temporary facility so quickly. Usually the slightest glitch had to be worked out slowly like a stubborn knot. South African services were a land-mine laden labyrinth at the best of times, and this incident could not, under any circumstances, be described as best.
The fact that the press had been all over us probably had something to do with the speedy set up of alternate working arrangement.  Carla and I had been singled out to handle them. We had given a far from satisfactory presentation, earlier, to a group who nodded their heads over greasy half-eaten pizzas in stained boxes, before tearing us apart like so much waste paper. Hot camera lights had us at a disadvantage; they danced across our sweaty brows while they made the journalists simply made us feel foolish.
"Unpleasant!" Carla exclaimed, clean out of the blue, from her side of the double-bench bay at Nick's. The interview was long over, but I did not need to be told what she meant,
"Very..." I added turning the pages of one of the publications we had had the honor of hosting that morning. I had always had a fondness for it, but now ....
"What I fail to understand, is why they warned us ... Why not simply blow us all to kingdom come. Surely their interests would have been better served that way." Her eyes were down, staring pensively into her tea cup, her hand stirring her sugar cubes with a zeal that betrayed her frustration.
"No," I sighed, taking my own cup from the tray between us, "I don't think so the case would be delayed, that's all.  Someone else would be assigned. They would suspect that one of our cases were responsible, and they'd go after the punks for anything even remotely related with extra determination."
"Guess so, but still..."
"Really Carla, if we were bombed all the cops in the city would work extra hard. They'd fall over themselves to solve anything we had been working on." Carla nodded~~the truth of my words verified by her silence. Thanks to central computing only the theories we had in our heads, or suspicions we have failed to note down would have been lost, and the perpetrators would have had thousands, rather than a handful of detectives after them.
"I think their intention was to scare us off-- Nothing like the threat of potential mayhem to spice things up a little...." I trailed off, sipping coffee that had, by now, turned tepid--quite disgusting. I had added a lightness to my voice I did not feel, I felt ineffective, powerless with a vulnerability that begged its transparency be hidden from my colleagues, least they lose their faith in me.
"Carla, before the blast diverted my attention, I thought I might have been on to something. After Stacey was murdered, her assistant went to work for the agency owner's, lawyer's brother. Seems a little too in-house to be coincidental to me. What do you think?" Her attention shifted towards me,
"Come again who?" She scrunched her forehead, confused by my interweaving words,
"The agency Stacey was supposed to be working for," I looked across the bar at Nick, and pointed at my empty cup, he came over with a fresh pot for Carla, and a flask from which he refilled my cup. He was cautiously swift to avoid overhearing our discussion, "hired a high-flying lawyer to represent themselves. The lawyer, by my investigation, usually defends Pharmaceutical cases. Her brother owns a drug company that is considered to be in direct competition to Alfax, Stacey's ex-employer, his name Crimeen not a common name. Stephen James, Stacey's ex-assistant is now working for Crimeen. Much too convoluted and associated for my liking."
"True, " was all she added, her brown eyes full of intelligent calculation.
"I want to have a word with Mr Stephen James. Like to come along?"
"Sure, Frank." She closed the cover of the laptop, which had been laying neglected next to our coffee and tea. She heaved her bag off the adjacent chair, and stood, ready to go. The thing I noticed most discernibly, was that despite her civilian plain-clothes, everything about her screamed 'Cop'. The only ace she held by way of hiding her professionalism was her gender.  Even in this day and age people expect cops to be men, they might only then, think themselves mistaken by their initial impression of Carla.

Chapter Thirty.
Stephen James.

None of our cars had been lost in the blast, miraculously the basement had survived intact. I lent over and popped the lock manually for Carla,
 before strapping myself into my Subaru. A quick scan in the rear-view mirror revealed light oncoming traffic. All salvaged vehicles had been moved to a small grassy patch normally reserved for Nick's patrons at the side of his building, apparently the whole thing had been very good for him, what with the department paying him out the equivalent of three months turnover to look after us for a month.
The Highveld afternoon was cool and clear, very un-February like weather, which usually scalded everything to a frazzle. The weather wasn't the only thing out of kilter, everything seemed upended and odd.~
Wynberg, home to Crimeen Industries, is part of the greater Sandton suburb complex; a sprawling collection of mixed-use areas. We found our way into the parking lot. A perspex and aluminum sign, on the edge of the sweeping paved drive leading to the offices, told us where to find the companies units.
Crimeen Industries office-park, was the exact opposite to Stacey's building. Here, the employees were embraced within carefully maintained gardens; white wrought iron pergolas over intricately carved benches dotted the landscape, each heady with the scent of heavily draped burgundy honeysuckle. The offices in between were village style cottages, double-storey affairs with wrap around balconies, French doors and filigree trellis work. Crimeen Industries occupied at least two-thirds of these structures, interconnected by white cobbled pathways in a circular pattern, all very quaint and fragrant.
Personally I have never seen the point in setting industry in a garden, it's a contradiction in terms and sort of ruins the idea of the restful outdoors. Anyway, they tend to be frequented by the office's smokers, and as far as I'm concerned both the fresh air and the floral perfume is lost on them.
Stephen James was all teeth. Someone had spent a small fortune on his dental work when he was a boy. A grin like that didn't come cheap. He had an athletes build and Hollywood hair, and looked like he belonged in a Doctor-doctor soap opera, rather than a real office. Cool and slick, he asked us to follow him outside for our chat, instantly dispelling my 'for-smokers-only' notion. Stephen's familiarity at influencing others, was evident in his choice of positioning, he invited us to sit under one of the pretty pergolas, while he stood over us holding advantage and control.
"All settled are we?" He posed rhetorically. Looking around at the roses and azaleas before turning his attention back to us.
"You worked with Stacey?" Carla questioned by way of introduction,
"Yes, she was a dear friend as well as an admired colleague, dreadful business. I had no idea about her ah ... Sideline," he replied, the perfect inflection of regret caressing his erudite elocution.
"Do you know exactly what might have caused someone to rob her of all her research records, and murder her for it?" There, it was out. I saw a shadow pass across Stephen's gaze, a slight wariness hooded his green eyes.
"No I don't detective, but with a question like that I've a mind to ask if I need a lawyer? I'm very willing to help you all I can, but I don't know anything about her death, more than the reports I have read in the newspapers." There was a squeal in his voice, he continued, "I had no idea that it might be connected to her work. In fact, I had been on leave for three weeks before the unfortunate ... um event." He had colored somewhat, a shade shy of a blush, "I don't even know what the latest developments in her work were. I wasn't even there ..." The man doth protest too much ... I thought. Carla must have been of the same mind since I felt her rile next to me. By instinct alone I knew she disliked this contrived man as much as I did.
"Nina," I interjected Stacey's colleague's name, "has taken over your old lab, anything you might want to tell us about her?" Lord, I had him, his head jerked forward at the jaw reacting unbidden to her name. He pulled back quickly attempting to stage a recovery, but his reaction had been obvious and he knew it.
"She..., well--she became more than a friend, we had a brief unsatisfactory affair. Not strictly etiquette, but then, we weren't exactly breaking any laws either." He blurted it out like a blasphemy. He held our gaze.
Suddenly I understood why Nina had been put out when his name had come up the day I interviewed her. This guy was a little 'too much'--he had been working for one research team while sleeping with the leader of the other, that way he was sure not to miss a thing. I shook my head slowly in awe, "No, no law against it Mr. James, but then again there are some things most people avoid doing, while others simply make excuses after they have indulged." My implication was clear, and I could see that I had hit a sweet spot with my comment. Stephen James looked as irritated as hell.
"Well, if that's all ... I do have a lot of work to do, should I see you off?" James hurriedly put an end to the interview.
"No, we can find our way."
He stalked back to his building, but before he reached the entrance I called out to him,~
"By the way Mr. James, don't let us discover that you've been applying for a passport, okay!" He didn't turn to acknowledge, but I knew he had heard.

Chapter Thirty One.
Shiloh.

*

I was still staying at Marissa’s with Natasha. I had her place and the hospital under guard, and despite the fact that it was my own men watching the place I felt like a prisoner in my own home. The effect the killers were having on my life felt like an unwelcome dentist appointment only hours before a banquet meal; enjoyment had been purposely stripped from my life.
To make myself feel more comfortable and give myself time to think. I put on the iPod system to fill the space with the sounds of Barry White, not my favorite it was Marissa’s. Nevertheless, the melodic trills calmed the air. I poured myself a tequila from the decanter, noting that my wife still kept it on the counter, even though she hardly ever touched the stuff herself. I loved it, which along with red wine were the only alcoholic beverages I could abide, I hated whiskey, brandy or gin; my pet hate, however, was white wine, which always left me painfully hung over. Tequila was my alcoholic weakness; translucent liquid swirled around at the base of the glass, cool against my palm, relaxing me even before I had taken a sip.
I sat on the makeshift bed that had been made-up for me in the lounge with my computer in front of me. Autopsy reports were in on Seth; the medical examiner considered it likely that his body had been moved after he had been shot, this, apparently, a conclusion reached while the coroner studied the entomology of various 'Death Bugs' in Seth's body. If a body is discovered fairly soon after death, as Seth's was, these bugs allow for pretty accurate time of death estimates as well as location pin-pointing. The life cycle of Blow Flies and Maggots that infest the cadaver map out the PMI or postmortem interval in medical lingo. Seth's bugs were commonly found in interior domestic settings around Johannesburg, but rarely from exterior locales. Also the blood splatter pattern, or rather the lack of it, and the fact that there were no shooting witnesses on the street, all contributed to the findings. One unusual aspect, was that Seth had dried blood remnants, and carpet fibers under his finger nails, not as a result of scratching at someone, but blood that had already dried on a carpet by the time he got to it.
Seth must have found bloody evidence of a previous injury, sustained by someone other than his attacker, or himself, and under the circumstances of his subsequent fate, both I and the M.E. were of the opinion that it might well have been a contributing factor in Seth's murder. What had he found?
Seth had gone out to speak to Jared Cornish, he had not made it back alive. By now I knew that he had not found Jared. I needed to trace Seth's footprints, find out where he had gone, and what he had done in the hours preceding his death. His cell phone was missing when his body had been brought in. We had requisitioned records from his service provider, but they were never quick about supplying the police, and it was an area that I had no influence over, my patience, it seemed, would be tested. I sighed into my drink, then went for a soaking shower; in an attempt to wash my frustrations away before facing my hospitalized family.
By the time I made it to the ward Marissa had a blush of color back in her cheeks, and Shiloh was positively beaming. However spunky and reticent she could be, she could also show a caring bubbly passion, particularly when she could shine as the star of the show; normally, where computers, software or her odd tastes were the subject of discussion, all of which I suspected, would prove to be the case now--She was brimming, threatening to spill her news before I had made the ungainly lump of steel and plastic my unfortunate seat for yet another evening.
"You look like you have something to say - come on out with it!" I said with an eye on Marissa, who actually gave me a flicker of a smile.
"First, before we get to the juicy stuff ... Lemme tell you what I found out about viruses and how they might be the answer in the war against cancer." She was tripping over her words in her race to get it out, also I suspected that her interest was more than a little fueled by her recent infatuation with Jared Cornish. She had arranged herself atop the hospital sheets, pink, plump and pretty in her toweling gown, decorated with an incongruous pair of fake cat ears and tail, I stifled a grin, here was this fiercely independent resistor of the ordinary, pretender to adult hood, dressed in feline ears ... God!
Unaware of her comic appearance, Shiloh's face was alight, her shoulders arched forward in her enthusiasm.
"This is exciting stuff, Dad." I had a flash of Shiloh as the woman she would become--my awe mushroomed. There before me was Shiloh ...Yeah, Shiloh not Natasha enacting the essence of all a father could hope for from his offspring,
"The nature of a virus is that it attacks and kills cells in the body. The type of virus they breed specially to destroy cancer, ignores healthy cells and only attacks damaged tissue. In this way nature is turned into a cancer soldier, a cancer ninja - no man made agent has yet proven as effective." She certainly had a grasp on the subject, and she had explained it marvelously. I had to force myself to resist the urge to pat her cat ears.
"Now the fun begins.." She teased, holding us audience like a professional narrator, "Between Craig Banks, you know, Ian Bank's son and I, we hacked into the computer at Crystelle Foresster's escort agency. The Pharmaceutical Company proved more difficult but we got in there, eventually, also... "
"What?" My mood flipped, I cut her off in mid-sentence.
"Marissa?" I turned dumbstruck questioning eyes at my wife,
"She's your daughter Frank, there's no stopping her."
"It's amazing how sloppy people are when it comes to computer security. They go to all kinds of lengths to bolt their doors, but their business computers are on sharing networks, hardly protected by firewalls, and under their company name - not many loops to jump through. Craig did quite a few drive by's, and had to scan for vulnerable computer ports, but it was remarkably uncomplicated.
"The records at the agency stink, Dad!" She squealed, her words crashing into each other in her hurry to give her findings voice.
"That Harris guy was on the payroll, just him, dad, not Stacey," she twisted her shoulders a little, pushing herself forward, to face me in my chair between the beds. She lifted a much ravaged thumb to her teeth, and tugged at the loosened cuticle,
"And now for the real low down. The agency is one of Crimeen Industries clients, they buy non-prescription drugs from them on a regular basis. They order things like headache tablets, and antiseptic creams. Dad, dad....." She was really excited, her cheeks were flushed, "I think they are fronting an illegal drug distribution operation." There, she had her theory out in the open,
"Wow!" Was all I could manage in response.
"She's probably right, you know Frank." Marissa interjected, in a self-satisfied tone. I looked from one to the other, sensing the ambush they had prepared for me. Marissa must have known what Shiloh was about, she had sanctioned our daughter, and her friend hacking into private personal computers.
"As long as Stacey's killer, or killers, are on the loose, Frank, they are the most dangerous thing on our horizon. We must do whatever it takes ..." She was reading my mind, answering to my fears for my headstrong clever child, whose casual acceptance of her own talents smoothed over her unique abilities, however criminal we considered them to be.
I had tried to arrange an interview with Crimeen Wade after seeing Stephen. His secretary had informed me that he was unavailable, apparently on business in Europe. Now I was determined to try harder.
I couldn't help but admire Shiloh's powers of deduction. After all, what better place to manufacture illicit drugs, than under license in a Pharmaceutical facility. Such doings would more that likely remain totally opaque, they would go unquestioned, and if they should fall under suspicion, I reckoned, in an environment like that the illegal evidence would be easy to hide - you could mix it in, literally.
"If that is what they're doing it's criminally brilliant, and you my child should be a detective." Shiloh puffed up ever so slightly under her cat ears,
"Yeah, dad I also discovered, through a bunch of news articles online, that a lot of the major Pharmaceutical companies are fighting profitability margins lately. A host of tough new laws govern their access to markets for their products. Look, it seems South Africa is not as strict as America, but even here it's become more difficult, and besides, the American and European markets are still the best, so even if a drug is made here it would need to pass American FDA standards, and similar ones in Europe before it could be marketed overseas." My daughter sounded like a thirty-year-old, rather than a teenager her logic was spot on.

"The only thing I can't figure is if they stole Stacey's formula, why aren't they using it?" I turned in mid-sentence making sure I drew them both into my confusion.
We made strange bedfellows, but what the heck, really good ideas were brain-storming, raining down on us like a torrent, heady thoughts.
"Perhaps they need to sit on it awhile, maybe they think it will be too obvious under the circumstances. Maybe people would talk, people might guess." This from Marissa.
"The weirdest part, though," Shiloh added, "is that according to press release articles on the Net, Crimeen industries has a pretty good new cancer drug. They have just released it after years of rigorous and expensive studies." I almost fell off my uncomfortable chair. I saw my daughter grin,
"Not what you're thinking dad, the drug has nothing whatever to do with viruses. That's probably why your investigators missed it. It's a long term maintenance drug, that controls the spread of the disease. It works a bit like chemotherapy except it's strictly in pill format, making it much more user friendly." There was a giggle in her voice, she loved this - giving me the details like a trained professional. A trained professional in cat ears no less ... She took a breath, then added,
"What Crimeen have is, apparently, very very good. They are set to do very well with it both as far as their reputation, and their finance departments are concerned."
This really was news Shiloh was remarkable.
"Jeez, if they are making street-drugs as well it is pretty dumbfounding. What kind of company makes both life-saving and life threatening drugs simultaneously?" I had blurted my thoughts aloud, but I saw that both Shiloh and Marissa were nodding their heads by way of shocked agreement. It made no sense, but then money and the making of lots if it rarely ever do.

Chapter Thirty Two.
Carla.

*

Carla and I discussed strategy over lunch at Nick's. I had his famous lasagna, while she picked at a Roquefort salad - which looked extremely appetizing and crisp. I speared a few of her greens. She didn't complain,
"I don't want to go barging in the way I have up to now, Carla. I would like to look for a more subtle approach. Talking to these people is getting us nowhere, they're not telling us anything."
"Agreed!" She replied through a mouthful of cherry tomato.
"Give me your ideas then," surely I detected an undertone of superiority, what had she come up with? what was her plan?
"Well, what we need to do is find out what each of our prime suspects are up to."
"Agreed," she said again, playing me,
The gears had started falling into place the minute I walked out of the hospital. Jena's father had come to Africa on the tail of being called a thief. He had invested in a small ignominious Pharmaceutical company, and built it into a giant. Eventually he had taken both of his children into the business; in one way or another - Jena, the lawyer, to get them out of scraps, and Crimeen, the scientist, to make certain they remained on the cutting edge. I had checked my facts on the Net, and although there were still many gaps in information on the Wade's, it was prevalent when one knew where and what to look for. My theories, however, were still full of holes. I had no doubt that I had found Stacey's murderers and uncovered a pretty organized undercover drug distribution ring in the process. All I needed now was to shift the jigsaw pieces around until they clicked. I broke out of my conjecture,
"Spill, Carla... What you got?" I had laid my fork to rest. My eyes on her; she knew I was serious.
"This is what I think," she began to outline her plan, "there is a cleaning service that mops up at night at Crimeen. They know we are sniffing about, but I don't think they know we've smelled a rat yet." She liked her rat reference, I could tell, Carla could be a little twisted sometimes; she was probably referring to Natasha's rat. She punctuated her outline with forkfuls of the choicest greens from her plate,
"Let's go in with the service, Frank, then, wire the place they won't be expecting it. Afterward, lets listen on all frequencies and see what comes out. Also, your daughter might be wrong about Crime en’s extra-curricular activities. I don't really think she is, but it is possible. If we go in with the cleaners, not only can we get a feel of the layout, we will be able to estimate their production. If we eventually need to rush in, we'll know our way about. We'll know where their cookhouse is, if they have one."
This was good police work, Carla had really done her homework. For me, she would never be Seth, but I knew I would grow to love her more with each case she investigated like this.

Chapter Thirty Three.
Damon.

Calamity had beset my life, there had hardly been a moment to think straight, but then, that was probably the enemies plan. I was so intricately wound-up in the bundled roll of violence that my investigation had not been as concentrated as it should have. I was skimming over things I should have tackled at the start.
The killers had thought that their original plan would prevent us from looking any further, they had carefully drawn a portrait of a murder, whose face bore a very convincing expression. What I had to know was that if Seth had not stumbled onto a salient puzzle solving fact, and had been killed for it, Stacey's murderers might not have raised the stakes by terrorizing my colleagues and family on an almost daily basis. More than one cop, I had known had been forced into retirement through a scourge of threats to their families, it was a well-known thing. Evidence simply went missing, contacts were mysteriously deleted from computer databases. Brave, fearless men often quavered at the thought of innocents being involved and punished for nothing more than a warning.
My view was still a twisted mess, but I felt that now, at least, I knew what they were about. Jena and Crystelle must have had very good reason to lie, which meant only one thing--they were directly involved. The theory Shiloh had of an illegal drug manufacturing syndicate could be one explanation. I really needed to know how the convoluted bits meshed, at present, it looked like a series of unconnected coincidence. Besides, I wondered, what had Damon Harris had to do with the agency, or the discovery of a cancer cure, why had he been killed. Shiloh had found his name on the escort agencies payroll, it was not even under a pseudonym, which meant that they would have a rational explanation. On the other hand, there was no trace of Stacey's name. Although Stephen James had gone to work for Crimeen, they had their own cancer drug, admittedly, not as good as Stacey's, but a potential money spinner anyway. So by the looks of things they didn't really need Stacey's formula. Collecting all the pieces into one aspect convinced me to find out how Damon was attached to the saga.~~After that, I would tackle Stephen for information.
I found Damon's home number, and put through a call the phone rang unanswered, next I tried his head office. I was forwarded to his manager, the woman answered with a bright voice that screamed good service; her voice changed the instant she heard my request,
"I'm calling to find out how I might get hold of Damon's wife, I would like to ask her a couple of questions that might shed some light on his death."
"She's taken the kids overseas to her family. Who are you by the way?" I told her, then continued,
"When will she be back. Sorry, I realize how traumatic this type of thing can be on a family, it will do her good to be away from all the media attention,"
"I'm not sure, she wasn't here when Damon died, she had already gone to comfort her family after the horrific death of her niece."
"What death?"
"Surely, being a detective you would have heard about it, the girl was only fourteen, she was given a cocktail of drugs. She was rushed to hospital in a pitiful state, but they could do nothing for her. The girl was here on holiday, under the care of the Harris family. Damon's wife, and her sister, the girls mom, were absolutely distraught, they blamed Damon; it happened in one of his clubs while he should have been looking after her," this woman, by the sound of things, blamed him too,
"When did this happen?"
"Heavens detective, don't you read the papers. It was all over the news, It happened about a week before his death."
Harris was a common name, I had not noticed it in the papers, although now, I remembered the case.
I left my number so that she could let me know when Mrs Harris returned.
For the moment I left it there, vowing to go through the stuff Seth had confiscated from Damon with his warrant. Then, went to meet my partner under the guise of an office cleaner.

Chapter Thirty Four.
Andy.

*

One thing that has never even entered my thought orbit, was the silent machine that picks up every day after regular office workers leave their buildings; silent because I've never even heard talk of it, yet every night in almost every office across town a cleaner goes in usually, as part of a service. They dust and polish so that we can get on with the greater working of commerce.
Carla and I were posing as new employees, and although the mostly black, mostly female workers raised their collective eye-brows and giggled behind their hands when they saw that their latest recruit was a burly white-guy with blonde peroxide streaks, they, eventually, seemed to accept it. Then, they embraced us with gusto and an avalanche of advice.
Carla and I were impressed both by the size and technical nature of the equipment, and by the jovial attitude with which they plied their task.
Carla was learning to operate a polishing machine and I was being instructed in the finer details of vacuuming. The first night in was aimed purely at reconnaissance. The bugs would come later.
Crimeen Industries had a very unusual set-up. Each building housed a central lab surrounded by several radiating offices. It was very disappointing to discover that the cleaning firm were not given access to the labs. Bins were left outside locked doors. I surreptitiously slipped several items from each bin into plastic bags I'd had the foresight to label and bring along. I had stapled the bags inside my dust coat, in such a way that I would be able to sort Crimeen rubbish, and tell it apart.
After a few nights of working the 'cleaning-and-policing-shift' I was dead tired. Our bugs were in place. The streets of Johannesburg were eerily quiet and deserted, making the reality of our investigation seem remote and almost dreamlike. Menace, like magic, appeared impossible, the air was clear, the tar freshly washed and glistening under the street lights. Everything clean; not a soul in sight. Yet, especially in my line of work, I knew that malevolence was more probable than not--violence a sick fact of our South African society, and I seemed to have my hands in the midst of its worst dirt.
Instinct had told us that the answer to our nagging questions lay behind the walls of Crimeen Industries, but the method we'd employed to access those answers rarely yielded quick results, rather a waiting game had begun; a slow cat-and-mouse process during which we hoped our prey would ensnare themselves by word or deed, and that we might, now, be privy to it.
I drove passed the guard stationed outside my house, noting with satisfaction that he was awake and alert despite the early hour. I gave him a perfunctory wave then made for my bed with the kind of speed only exhaustion forces.
The following day I delivered my specimen 'junk' to Andy for analysis. Then I went in search of a Wimpy for breakfast. I knew I would need energy to get through the hours of grueling spying we'd arranged for ourselves. Wimpy with its mostly free WiFi and fast service had always been a favorite of mine. I used my time in the restaurant to read the dailies, noting with satisfaction, that our departments fire fiasco seemed to have become yesterday's news. Then I made for our spy station.
Our slightly out-of-date surveillance vehicle was adequately equipped to serve our purpose, but one couldn't help wondering where the force was going to go if such vital equipment was not being upgraded, or replaced on a regular basis.
Carla had already been in the van for more than an hour by the time I got there. She held a finger to her lips begging silence. Then she indicated for me to pick up a set of earphones so that I could share whatever it was that she found so interesting.
"What did you say?" A deep male voice inquired from whom, I assumed, was Stephen James.
"Not much Crimeen, really." James sounded far more ruffled than when he'd spoken to us.
I feigned open mouthed surprise at Carla; Crimeen was after all supposed to be in Europe, not talking to Stephen in South Africa.
"Shit, I'm a little unnerved you know? You said you'd take care of things. What did you send the last shipment as?" Gruff, authoritative voice.
"Dolsperin." Came the reply, then they drifted out of earshot. Instead, we were treated to an earful of a discussion between a pair of female research assistants. they were comparing the sexual habits of their boyfriends, which although resoundingly entertaining, was not what we were after. Nevertheless, Carla was clutching her sides, eyes squeezed shut tightly, her chortling threatening to tear her apart long before she could uncover the threads to the case of the year.
Business at Crimeen seemed mundane and normal. Apart from the Doresprin reference, and Crimeen's presence in Johannesburg when he was supposed to be in Europe. Very little out of the ordinary seemed to be going on. As for the agency, they continued to buy Doresprin, Codedis and iFordin from Crimeen, but since these were all unscheduled drugs of the headache pill variety, there did not appear to be anything untoward. We were convinced that these deliveries were under guise, but other than blow our cover we had to be satisfied with conjecture rather than proof at this juncture.
Strangely, Andy, rather than our earphones' gave us our first notable link between Crimeen and our investigation. When he called me the excitement in his voice was a bubble of enthusiasm on which he floated his gift. Andy had found vials of discarded tubes that bore unmistakably traces of Sodium Thiopental, the 'truth serum' drug Carmichael, our coroner had found in both Damon and Stacey's bodies, he gave me the lowdown,  
"Obviously, a Pharmaceutical company might have stock, but I checked and they are not running any clinical tests on the stuff, which would be unlikely anyway--this is not a new drug. This will not stand up in a court of law as a tenable connection, Frank, but under the circumstances I believe it clearly ties these people to our victims; this is not a common drug. It is used by Anesthetists, but Crimeen is not a hospital, and the labs you nicked the stuff from were not running live tests. Regard it as a pointer, not definitive but certainly interesting." I thanked him and disconnected, thinking about his news. I had to agree it was not earth shaking, but it certainly was suggestive of alignment. I realized then that we would have to include Satin and Lace to our list of possible bugging sites if we wanted to hear the entire story.

Chapter Thirty Five.
Natasha.


The days melded into each other. Soon it was time for Marissa and Shiloh
 to be released. Marissa was sore, and sour with her injuries, while Shiloh was matter-o-fact and in love with the iPad I'd bought for her. I helped them both into the back of the car, made sure they were as comfortable as possible then drove them home under the reproachful gaze of a fat yellow moon riding high in the purple African sky.
Natasha had outdone herself; she bounced out, the minute she heard us arrive, all sunshine smiles, and gushing 'Hello I missed you' cracks. Shiloh hugged her, no long face, no smart ass. Miracles never cease ...
Shasa, had made dinner. She presented a Greek Salad, which she'd set over ice on the dining room table, alongside the hot tray, which held crisply coated fried Hake and chips. She had gone to a load of effort and was obviously trying to make us feel better; she was genuinely pleased to have her mother and sister home.
"Can you eat here, or would you like me to put it into a tray and serve you in the bedrooms?"
"No, we'll be fine here. It looks great Shasa, thanks," Marissa looked so pleased, it broke me up.
I watched them in an almost out-of-bodied way; separate and alone. The scene drifted away from me in a dream-like manner.~~Suddenly I was transported to a previous era, a time when things had been simpler, our family younger.
When Natasha was about five-years-old she'd nagged and nagged for a lilac fairy outfit she'd seen at a flea market. Eventually, we went and bought it for her; mostly to shut her up. She dressed up in the it, day after day, for about two weeks; running around the house yelling 'Abracadabra' at anything that moved. Then, just as determinedly she'd stopped wearing it. Out of curiosity I asked her why.
"Well dad, I think there must be something wrong with me, I think there is something missing. I really tried dad, don't be cross, OK!" After I'd given her my assurance that I would not get angry she gave me her reason.
"I've used the right words dad, I've put on the right dress, I've squeezed my eyes shut exactly like Harry Potter shows you in the movie. I've pointed the wand you bought for me, and well nothing dad, no magic. No music or frogs, no anything." I had simply stared at her, tongue tied, unable to say a thing. Her eyes were brimming with tears at her belief in her own oddness. What could I say; destroy her belief in all magic or allow her to continue to believe in her own inability.
"Sometimes, they sell bad wands, Natasha. We'll go looking for a better one, please don't cry, honey." I lied. She had looked a little less mortified at this, but she did not nag for a new wand, somehow I don't think she wanted to test my story, knowing that I was giving her the best explanation that I had, but also, even at that tender age, knowing that I was not definitely right. She didn't want to prove me wrong. I remembered the incident poignantly since that is exactly how I felt--like I'd lost the magic everyone else seemed to have. I had been unable to protect my family; my wand was broken.
I helped Natasha clean up and get the dishwasher packed after our meal; her mood was somber, and I felt it darken my own spirits
"Dad, do you think the guys, or guy ... Whoever it was, who shot Mom and Shiloh will come back for us?" she turned huge sad green eyes to me.
"I'm doing everything in my power to prevent it Shasa'" I answered truthfully, a sigh betraying my deflated humor.
"I know, it's just scary, I feel as if they've invaded our space," such grown up words from a girl barely into her teenage years, it make me feel even worse.

Chapter Thirty Six.
Sara.

It was a fascinating experience, this new booth-like working environment, and despite the unpleasant reason for its existence, I had never seen the departments personnel so happy. Work seemed to be proceeding at a swimming pace in the sunlit wood-paneled bar; Nick was in his tenth delight. Carla was on surveillance duty that morning so I was alone at my enclave when Sara came over with her news. She slid her ample frame elegantly into the seat opposite me,
"Yeah Sara, what?"
"One thing about you, Frank, is your incredibly descriptive way with words!" She drew a laugh for that.
"Sorry, I was sifting through the listed items Seth confiscated from his last detail--fairly dry stuff, you know?"
"Well, I think we might have a lucky break for you, want to know what?" she hooked me with her lure, I pushed my screen aside and gave her my attention. She wore her usual mask of mischief with an extra wicked twist of sparkle highlighting her eyes.
"Last night our guys cracked a stolen vehicle syndicate, a big very professional operation. They have been onto it for more than four months, but they've hung back because they wanted to catch the ring leaders, and now they have."
"Come now Sara, cut to the quick." I was grinning by now, Sara always managed to do that to me. I signaled over to a waitress, then raised my eyebrows questioningly at Sara.
"Ha, you have room service, our tables over on the less snobbish side, don't come with that as an added benefit," her complaint was only half-joking.
"What can I offer you then by way of compensation, no alcohol though, that's the rule."
"Cappuccino, thanks. That's a weird rule, you know, if any of us had come over from the office on any other day, we would have been able to buy a beer, now we are forced to teetotal." I laughed, it was so true,
"Back to cars, Sara."
"Yes, now, here's the candy. Like all the best plans, theirs is simple one. The vehicles were brought in, stripped of their markings, then broken up into car parts and sold to second hand shops here, and across the borders in upper Africa. Once the car is broken down to its constituents, the chances of identification as well as apprehension diminish rapidly," She paused, purely for effect, crossing her elbows on the table between us to cradle her chin. Sara was a natural story teller, "luckily for you, though, one of the vans awaiting its nasty fate had not yet been dismembered." She made the thing sound human.
"And?" I gave her audience in the manner she craved,
"Car had been cleaned thoroughly, but not expertly enough to remove all the blood stains." I think I gasped, Sara was in heaven.
"Our stains, Sara, are you serious?"
"Looks that way, yes!"
"Who did it belong to Sara, tell?"
"The blood or the car, Frankie?" she giggled with delight.
"Both!" I cried, playing her game.
"Registered to one, Harris, first name Damon," Sara was enjoying being a cop, loving the drama of her announcement, "Some of the blood was his, Frank, which means only one thing, he could not have been bleeding in the back of the van and driving it at the same time. No, Frankie, this means he was moved, using his own vehicle. Someone stuffed him in the back. There are other blood stains and our guys are working them. This car was never meant to be found. I think it proves that Damon was framed, he was set-up as Stacey's murderer to hide the identity of the true bastard. You will have to find out why?"
It is, after all, a habit of even the least experienced criminals to use transport other than their own in the commission of a crime, this was a stunningly good. They must have cleaned, then dumped the car where they knew it would be stolen by thieves working for Chop-shops, as these illegal operations were called, not a bad plan, as long as you make sure the evidence was, in fact, disposed of.

Chapter Thirty Seven.
Jena.

The sky outside the skylight on the roof of our surveillance truck was that weird harsh blue that sometimes gives it an almost metallic shine. A few clouds drifted lazily overhead mirroring the uneventful lethargy we all felt; waiting for something interesting to listen to was mostly a mundane affair. I stretched my legs out in front of my swivel chair, pushing it backwards to get a little circulation going in my veins. I rolled my shoulders, and removed my headphones pumping my arms back and forth, against the shelf that traversed the van holding our equipment,
"Had enough Frankie? you look tired," Martin, our driver, broke the silence that had settled over us all,
"Yeah, I feel as if my legs and arms have turned to stone--" just as I was about to get into a description of my inertia a sound from the discarded earphones on the shelf drew my attention, Martin heard it too,
"I'd get those phones back on, and quick ..." He interrupted my answer. I hastily pulled on my head gear in time to hear a knock at a door, followed by a sound which could have been made by chair legs over tile; Then, footsteps--a door handle turning.
"Are you insane?" Stephen's unmistakable modulated tone, but clipped at the edges.
"I had to speak to you in person, I'm not prepared to risk an e-mail or too many calls right now. I don't think it would be good to lay down a load of traceable connections."
"Yes, but really. What about the staff? It's one thing if you visit your brother; entirely another if you come to my office." He slammed the door, obviously drawing her into the room with him. He sounded furious.
"Jesus! Pipe down, you'll definitely alert the whole building if you continue to shout!" Jena--Crimeen's sister, I might not have recognized her voice if James had not identified her; none of the cool control I associated her with, she was really freaked out--her volume billowing.
"Speak for yourself, you sound like a bomb that's about to explode!" for a moment all was quiet. Then, Jena told Stephen why she had endangered them,
"The cops found the van; in one piece." air sucked out of their space ... sound drained.
"Nonsense!" this from a rattled James.
"Seriously," Jena replied breathlessly,
"Fuck!"
"Fucking right,"
"We scrubbed it. It was as clean as anyone could possibly get it," James was making excuses.
"Don't be stupid, Stephen, the cops will be able to glean enough from that van to understand the situation, we're buggered, I promise!"
"What can they get?"
"Blood ... how the hell do I know? but what I do know is that there will be enough DNA in there to bury us!
"Oh, calm down you silly bitch!" Stephen actually slapped her. The strike, a resounding crack; a whip that drowned all noise to silence.
Eventually, Stephen found his voice,
"Jen I'm so sorry, don't cry honey.... I love you, you know I'd never let anyone hurt you, but you shouldn't have come here, my house is safer. Oh baby ..." Dear, oh dear, poor Nina I thought.
Stephen must have been comforting her, perhaps he had folded her into a hug. We could only hear, not see.
"Look, I know that the cops might be watching me. I don't think they're very serious about it, but one never knows. My feelings are that they don't have enough reason to truly suspect me. You, on the other hand, they cannot possibly suspect there is nothing tying you to us other than a family connection, and that would mean nothing in a court of law."
"You're right," she whimpered, her voice muffled, probably because her face was against his chest.
"Even if they have the van, they cannot tie it to us. They might decide that someone was murdered, but they cannot connect us to it unless one of our guys talk, and that's not going to happen."
He was right, even if we had a recording we couldn't use it; it was illegal. We used our bugs to gain insight, find pointers, not as evidence. Naturally, the advantage they gave us often solved cases; we would know where to look and who to look at.
"Go to my place, I'll meet you there later," lord, oh lord ... I wished we had bugs at his house as well as in the agency.
"Okay," she whispered, barely audible to our ears. Then she dropped a bombshell,
"The rest of the stuff, Stephen, I've never really had a chance to ask you .... What did you do with everything else you collected that needed to be destroyed?"
"I disposed of it all, mostly in anonymous dustbins, which is always the best way, but the more obvious pieces were thrown into rivers and onto dumping grounds."
"That makes me feel a lot better." God, an entire conversation telling us that they had been involved, without a single word that could actually be used to bring them in .....
If only I could get in there and strangle both of them.
By the time he ushered her out of the door my palms were itching for action. I was certain they had been referring to Damon's van, and the other 'real' missing evidence, but all I could do with what I'd learned was to make sure our guy's went over the car with a fine tooth-comb also, we would need bugs set up in the agency. The river Damon had been found in would need to be dragged for evidence; I wondered why we hadn't thought of it before.
I called Sara at the station.
"I need to know who was told about us finding Damon's van. I want to know how she knew?" I gave Sara the gist of our last session, and had a promise from her in seconds,
"Sure thing Frankie, perhaps we'll fish those red stilts Jena was wearing the day she visited you out of the river; then, we'll have her hook, line and sinker!" She always managed to make me laugh ... Sara did.




Chapter Thirty Eight.
Frankie.

Damon's wife was still overseas so his manager at his office had been told to pass the message on; her insurance company had to be informed. I realized that I would have to uncover how Jena had made the connection, she had told us enough to whet our appetite; getting an 'ear' or 'eye' into the agency had become a priority. Frustratingly, it was taking time to organize.
Carla set up a site-check, but came back with bad news,
"Place is like a fort!" she exclaimed, " we can't even set up cameras at the windows of the building across the road, all floors other than the topmost suite, which is too high for access, have absolutely no windows." .... I should have guessed, but I didn't tell Carla that I had wondered why there were so few windows; it would have sounded ridiculous.
Carla was all for applying for a job, but there was nothing on offer. Apparently they only employed based on a referral from someone they knew; they were playing it safe.
We couldn't get in, damn. Bloody Hell! It was a closed shop, but come to think of it, it was to be expected. It seemed they had a lot to hide.
I went over to talk to a guy I knew who was once the most notorious burglar in the southern hemisphere. He would never have been caught if he had remained faithful to his wife, but then people will be people often with priceless consequence. His jilted wife had fingered him, and we had found uses for him that had kept him out of jail, but not free from legal threat. Besides he had been so remarkably skilled at his trade that he had injured only pride and pocket sizes with his endeavors; Jack had never been known to cause physical harm.
He opened the door to his contemporary Norwood town house almost as soon as I'd lifted my hand from the buzzer on his door jamb.
"See! I've still got ear's like a bat Frank," he bragged, stepping aside to let me into the cheerful well lit hallway, which led straight into a lounging area complete with glass doors thrown wide to a paved patio with pool. Gorgeous!
A shelf lining the length of the vestibule held trophies and horse riding memorabilia, which next to locks and safes were Jack's second greatest passion. The furnishing immediately warned that no female hand had been at them. The place was wholly masculine. A scatter of cherry leather smoking chairs replete with brass studs, and the faint aroma of pipe tobacco adding weight to the impression. Jack followed me into his entertainment area giving me first option at his selection of comfortable chairs.
"What you up to, then? Who do you want to rob?" Jack cracked his usual joke, before continuing,
"These days, breaking and entering has more to do with digital, or rather technological expertise than merely picking a lock or two. Whatever your preference. I'll probably need to do a physical recon before you go in." he warned; his amiability twinkling in his eyes.
"Few companies rely on deadbolts these days." he continued, driving his point home. This project, I could already tell, was not going to be done in a day.
Jack was fiddling with an expensive looking coffee machine,
"Offer you something. I've become a master coffee-maker lately." he winked grinning; spoon in hand over shiny black and silver metal.
"Looks good, thanks." I smiled back at him, at least someone seemed to be doing well in the crime fighting department, I had seen the prices attached to those machines.
"Froth?" he waited for me,
"Yeah, no sugar." I settled into his chair, until he brought the coffee; steam rising gently in a fine mist above each mug, and set it down on a long narrow Oregon table. He took his cup over to a chair opposite mine better to concentrate on my request. The coffee was sublime, so much so that I made a mental note to check out a Delongi machine next time I was near a mall.
"This case has been a very bad deal for me Jack. Tangled and nasty. I want it settled, and I think the path might very well be behind the closed door I want you to open." he listened, inclining his head at me in a conspiratorial manner that elicited confession beyond the necessary. His elegant regard, I guessed, was the most likely reason for his prior criminal success.
Three days after our heart-to-heart Jack called me, "Think I have a working plan at the ready, Frank."
"It won't take much, as I told you, simply a matter of wiring the place and getting an opportunity to look around for an hour or so."
"I think I can buy you that much time. Give me a days warning before you need to go in, okay," That was all there was to it, easy.
Of course not, good old Murphy you know, he seemed keen on bending my Karma, pity.
Chapter Thirty Nine.
Jack.

Ice lay slick and treacherous on the tar at 3:00 am. on the morning that Jack picked me up in his unobtrusive old model golf.
"Hop in Frank." He offered holding the door open with an outstretched arm over the passenger seat. His breath a wafting cloud in the still cold air.
"This is the true Witching Hour between 2:30 am. and 3:30 am. They say that the human spirit is at its lowest ebb, and that human reaction is at it's slowest." Jack glanced in his side mirror before pulling out from the curb onto the road. Then he looked over his driving arm at me; watching as I buckled myself in.
"Weird weather for March, hey?"
"Good for us though. People are less likely to be about, and they won't want to come out and investigate." He chuckled making me grin in return.
Our ramshackle house, or rather Marissa's lay North of Johannesburg outside of Fourways in an area known as Broad Orchards, famous for horse riding and picnics. The girls both adored their country lifestyle, and Marissa enjoyed the space it gave her to grow her own organic vegetables and work in peace and quiet. However, it was remote when it came to hooking up with the commercial hub in Johannesburg. Jack had a clear run on the highway into central Sandton, no other cars were on the road.
"How's your family, Frankie, thought you were on your own now, like me?"
"Shiloh and Marissa were both injured by the bastards I want you to help me go after. I've never worked a case like this before, it's very frustrating," I confessed my confusion, "They don't keep their hands in their pockets either. We've had all manner of overt and covert threats, some quite violent. They need bringing down, the faster the better."
"God, that's rough. I'll get you in, Frank, and if there is anything else I can do... " he offered, his face a mask of disgust; expressing his abhorrence at the level of violence I had been subjected to. After that, we drove on in a companionable silence. Both of us focused on the task ahead. Jack parked about a block away from the agency in a deserted side street.
"Come on let's go and trip an alarm." He said
 enthusiastically. Locking up he set off with a jaunty step, woolen skull cap pulled almost to his eyebrows. We must have cut quite a figure, the two of us, on that freezing street. If anyone had seen us they would have certainly thought that we looked like a pair of criminals about to ply our trade on some unsuspecting innocent. Jack had a pack of small fireworks that he arranged higgledy-piggledy on the side walk about 50 meters away from the parking lot entrance that burrowed under the agency's building. His display would be heard, but not seen by the parking attendant, just enough to whet his curiosity. Pull him out. A car couldn't get past the boom without the guard present, so what was the harm. We were the harm, no body noticed us slip by, into the bowels of the enemy. Satin and Lace occupied the entire building, so at least there was no tricky passage to negotiate in the half-light of morning. The garage was dimly lit at intervals, each light a dull globe hanging from bare wire above a parking space.
Jack had cased the lot carefully. He made for a short flight of stairs that gave access to the foyer. Impressive walnut doors blocked the reception from the outside, narrow cottage pane windows framed the doors on either side. Jack pulled a security uniform jacket over onto his shoulders.
"As soon as I've smashed through the wood and glass there," he said taking a brick out of the bag he had been carrying., "You will need to lie down and prop your head against it. I'm going to douse you in vodka, hope you don't mind, Frank. Only way I could figure it." he shrugged his shoulders at me, apologizing in advance for the charade he wanted to stage.
"How drunk do I need to act, happy and singing? Or, out cold?" my reluctance non-existent, I already had a measure of where he wanted to go with this.
"Out cold will do." He hefted his chosen weapon overhead then, brought it down hard on the window. The alarm began a steady screech into the icy air. Jack waited until I positioned myself according to his instructions then, packing the brick back into his bag, he displayed,~~instead, a short-wave radio, a bottle of clear alcohol and a dirty beret. Jack went to work before my very eyes like a master. The beret and vodka were for me, the radio he used to tune in to the security company's communication frequency. ASOS the company protecting the building stayed connected--car to control tower--via short-wave radios, built into their vans.
"Hi guys, 234 Bolcher Ave. I'm on the scene. Don't hassle I've got it covered, False alarm, drunk must have smashed a window here when he passed out after one too many." Jack laughed in a conspiratorial way into his mike.
"Yeah, yeah. I've got it give me a second will you." Jack ruffled a stack of paper from his bag at the mike. It did not look like he had missed much.
"Code is Blue Ribbon 5678." he added authoritatively.
"Catch you later, OK, I'll need to stay put and wait for glazing. I'll call in when It's done."
The doorway at the top of the stairs filled with a menacing shape. A black guy dressed in parking guard gear stepped into our alcove. Wary looking, intelligent eyes sized up the situation, suspicion spreading slowly across his features,
"How'd you get in here, Man! where's your car?"
"Ran in, there was no one manning the boom." Comprehension dawned on his face.
"Oh, yeah. I went out for a second, "there was an explosion." If he'd been white, at that point, I think we would have seen him blush, "turned out to be nothing more than a bunch of crackers... Fire-crackers you know?" he added sheepishly.
Bastard Jack, clever bastard. The parking attendant turned back down the stairs and into the lot.
"See you, when you go then." his voice diminishing in volume as it echoed against the walls with every step.
"Let's get it done, Frankie." Jack suggested, when he felt we had the all clear. I discarded the beret he'd fitted me out with and carefully negotiated my way over the broken glass and into the empty foyer.
"Be quick, okay! I wouldn’t want to get on the wrong side of mister parking guard, no way at all."
"I will," I replied succinctly.
I knew my way around curtesy of my previous visit. I took the lift up to Crystelle's office, fortunately it wasn't locked. I set up the wires under her desk and replaced the light bulb with a bugged version, I was out and done in 15 minutes. Next I investigated her floor. Adding two more bugged bulbs to connecting offices. I wanted to look about a bit but something told me not to lag. Jack was right about that guard; he was far too wide awake to mess with.
In the reception area with its stylish white couch, I screwed off the phone mouthpiece and added a useful ,if somewhat old fashioned, listening device. Finally, I laid a wire under the sofa. Another minutes ... Just as I climbed back out of the foyer into our niche of destruction. I heard the scraping sounds of boots on concrete. Jack pushed me down, hard and plunked the beret back on my head in the nick of time.
"How long you gonna be in there, Man." The guard asked from the stair top. He looked around then back at Jack, as if he expected a ghoul to appear right out of the blank walls.
"Need to wait for PG glass. Guy says he'll be here within the hour." As Jack finished the sentence we heard the glass guy calling out in the lot.
"Where the hell are you, I don't have all day."
"I'll send him up." was all the guard added, all doubt wiped out by the arrival of the glazier and our lack of noticeable movement.
"If you need me to help you move that hobo, don't hesitate?" he offered turning back down. I breathed out a relieved gush of air, so loud that it brought a finger over Jack's lips; he signaled for me to quiet down. PG glass repaired the window and frame in remarkable time. Everything good as new, nobody would ever guess we had been inside. Even the parking guard would not get into trouble. Jack was brilliant.
I was itching to find out how he'd managed all that so flawlessly
"Well how did you know their methods, Jack?" I saw him debate with himself; he was considering just how many of his secrets he was willing to divulge.
"It's not rocket science, after all," he sighed, giving in. "Made an appointment with the security company. Went to Their local branch for the area. Told them I needed to engage their services." he took a breath, punctuating his tale. "Pretended I wanted to secure my business premises. Asked how they operated. Some firms communicate via SMS., still others use their own Internet site. Some, like ASOS use short-wave radio. A little fiddling gets you in, after all, Frank, surely you know that every tow truck in the country listens in on the police frequency in order to get a head start to accident sites? The police setting should be secure, even more so than the security company's, but it's not. It's illegal but almost half the damn country tune in."
"And the code, surely that's not available to strangers?"
"No," Jack laughed at his own ingenuity," that I picked up by wiring the alcove we've just vacated for sound, as well as the parking attendants cubicle. I set off the alarm without breaking anything. Then sat in the parking lot, in my car and waited for someone to give me the code. One of ASOS's guards arrived in very timely fashion I might add, and supplied the necessary."
"Very smart of you Jack, please remind me never to cross you." I joked eliciting a bellow of laughter from my friend that seemed to come right from the belly.
We parted promising to see each other more frequently, but somehow I knew I would only be back at his door when it proved necessary.
The agency kept its doors' closed, Monday to Wednesday, and it was Sunday, so we had to exercise a tad of patience before being able to utilize the devices Jack had so cleverly allowed me to place.

Chapter Forty.
Carla.

Brunch at Nick's, with Carla, had become a habit I had learned to enjoy. We used the time around 11:00 am every second day or so to catch up on any developments either of us had made without the other.
"Suddenly things are looking up," she said referring to the devices we'd put into the agency, "and I get to do first detail. This should be fun." Carla had surveillance that day and I needed to tackle Damon's organization; find out who had leaked the news to Jena.
"Enjoy yourself, Carla," I closed our conversation, sliding myself out of 'our' booth in an effort to get things done. Carla waved me out, concentrating avidly on her food rather than actually looking after me; our relationship, it seemed, had matured.
I made my way through the cool blue day to my car, and was on the highway in no time.
Damon's offices were on the Westrand, between Boksburg and Benoni. The roads connecting North to West were wide, well maintained and new. However, when I drove under one of the recently erected but still inoperable e-toll structures, I wondered when, if ever, the government would attempt to initiate the plan they had constructed them for. Their function would be to record the numberplate digits of any car passing under their gaze for purposes of charging the occupants for their use of the roads. The mammoth steel edifices over our roads were such an unpopular plan that our leaders had had to defer implementation again, and again. People were adamant; they would not be charged, in the manner devised, for the use of the highways - Feeling that the system was open to corruption; a bill would arrive in the post monthly, a collection of fees over which there was no control, and for which the government wanted the populace to pay by debit order. Our petrol already cost more, by the liter, than luxury alcohol, we paid relatively high taxes for road use, and this seemed like the last straw. The unions were up in arms, the general population supporting them whole heartedly. I don't believe there
 would have been a fuss if regular toll-road booths were installed, with 'real' people manning them; Intervals where payment could be made as you passed by, it was the thought of not being able to argue with the 'big brother' type camera system, and paying the government after the fact, any amount they decided that you owed, that was causing dissent among the people. I sighed it was simply another issue that needed to be addressed sensibly, and I had more immediate worries to take care of.
The office Damon had used to house his business was a standard two-storey affair in the center of a block of similar structures lacing one of the Westrand's busy streets. I was ushered into the manageress' suite without ado, and was seated to wait for her with a polite offer of coffee, which I accepted. The office was comfortable and modern without being overtly edgy. Melamine desk, standard issue computers, phones ... the usual. Ms. Hill must have been fairly busy since she had to offer me a second cup by the time she arrived.
"What can I help you with, Detective. We spoke on the phone didn't we?" she said it as if it should have been enough; as if the matter was already settled.
"I believe that Damon's van was found, I was wondering if Mrs. Harris has been informed yet?" This woman was not used to dealing with the police; she was nervous, and it showed.
"Yes, of course, I speak to her daily, after all, this is her business now." naturally, it was not a company but a sole proprietorship. Mrs. Harris was now at the helm until she decided otherwise.
"You mentioned that her niece died in one of your establishments, which type? The health spas, or the restaurants?"
"One of our nightclubs ... Actually," surprise, I didn't know that he operated nightclubs, sloppy; I had simply accepted Jena's description of Damon's enterprises. Seth had also given me an overall idea, and I had not pursued the matter with enough diligence to discover the truth.
"Isn't fourteen a little young for that kind of place?" Mrs. Hill, by now, looked decidedly agitated.
"That's the point, Detective. She should never have been in that club, and sadly the details will never surface now that both Damon and Ella are dead ... That was her name." She offered the information like a gift, hoping I would accept it graciously and be on my way.
"Ever heard the name Jena Wade," I threw it in without warning,
"No, can't say I have, what has she got to do with it?" her eyes popped with recognition. She was a slight woman, with unremarkable dirty-blonde hair, and a whiff of an unhealthy pallor about her, her bland looks made her highlighted her reaction; it was unmistakable.
"She's a lawyer you might recommend to Mrs. Harris, perhaps she can assist in Ella's case." my answer was so unexpected that I literally saw her jaw drop.
"I'll do that, thank you!" she recovered herself quickly, but not quickly enough.

Chapter Forty One.
Frankie

After my interview I made for Carla and our surveillance team, my thoughts on Mrs. Hill and her connection to our case; something I wanted to discuss with Carla. The woman was as guilty, as Damon's had been, her attitude far too reticent for innocence. Damon's name had, after all, been blatantly on the Satin and Lace's payroll. I wondered what they had been paying him for, and what Mrs. Hill was afraid of.
I peeked in at our team; all were settled at their tasks. Then I went back out to get hot cocoa, and some scrumptious looking pastries I'd seen at a nearby superette-cum-bakery; it was as much an excuse to stretch my legs, as to still my ever present sweet tooth, the effort of watching and listening could be a tedious, leg-cramping business, and I wanted to get my circulation going before I sat down to it. The day held a crisp brittle autumn edge; clear and bright - perfect for a brisk walk. I let my gait dawdle to a stroll, enjoying the morning air and the sense of rush the pedestrians radiated in their effort to closet themselves in warm interiors.
Crimeen Industries was situated on the border of Wynberg, in an industrial area of Sandton near Satin and Lace. Our car was situated just off the main road in the center of a bustling commercial hub, which hid our van well. The streets were a constant buzz of activity and people in transit; perfect for our cover. The park, which was home to the Pharmaceutical company had spawned quite a secondary economy out front. Businesses had burgeoned on the doorstep of so many potential customers who needed to be fed, entertained and transported when they were not working. Coffee shops abounded, most offering WiFi, and free newspapers in as an incentive to draw clients in. It was colorful and vibrant. I knew, without doubt, that Crimeen was dirty, and I couldn't help but reflect on the pity; South Africa really needed resourceful innovative industry to get ahead, every single corrupt corporation or politician hurt the country a little more and would kill places like this, which had grown on their tails. The papers were full of negativity and crime on every level, lots of people believed that if they greased the right palms they could get away with almost anything; it was a sickness. Many able, brilliant policeman felt very bitter about the state of affairs, others were determined not to let it undermine them.
All my musings had led me back to the unit, I balanced my goodies precariously and hefted myself back in. I was greeted very warmly; my batch of treats diminished rapidly before my eyes. It was my shift, and Carla made way for me to take her seat. Normally, at least two cops would man a location, but things were proving very dreary, so we had decided on one per watch.
I waved Carla out, she nodded her goodbye silently, bun between her teeth. I settled in with my still aching knee to do my share.
"Oh, Hi, you're new, what can I do for you?" Must have been the receptionist at Crimeen,
"I am, and apparently I need to get a release form signed to get out of this place?"
"Yes, that's correct, let me see if anyone can help you." The woman sounded pleasant and efficient.
"Gwen, I've got a guy from..." Obviously she cradled the phone, and inquired,
"Best Animal Labs."
"You heard him, he needs someone with the authority, like you, Gwen, to come on down here and get his forms in order so that he can get in and out in future without silly delays."
"There!" I could hear her grin over the lines, "I don't think she'll be long. What beautiful specimens did you deliver for us today?"
"Oh, the usual, or so they tell me. Pretty nasty buggers really, rats as big as cats, the area is overrun with them, and apparently all nature of incentives are being offered to catch them."
"I thought we only used special rats, bred for the purpose of research."
"Ja, we do those too, but these have been requested, for some or other reason, by your scientists, don't ask me why. Anyway, they're easy to get a hold of especially if you're offering money for them,"
"God, that's awful," I heard the cringe in her voice, but by now I was only half listening my mind in overdrive,
"Ja, at one stage the government was offering a cellphone for every sixty caught, but a lot of taxpayers complained. Then, They brought in owls to catch them, but the locals killed the birds due to some or other crazy superstition, what they really need is the Pied Piper ... or you guys." He was giggling, clearly feeling important in his roll as purveyor of the macabre; I ripped off my headphones with such force, the entire group of occupants in our small unit turned to me open-mouthed, expectantly.
Their curiosity piqued by my outburst,
"Natasha's rat," was all I had to say to buffer their inquiry and evoke their sympathy.
"I want to go in there and take a physical look around. I'll see if I can use the breeding company as a way in." I was rambling, near hysteria.
I think they really felt for me.

Chapter Forty Two.
Frankie.

Best Animal Labs, B.A.L in short, had no option but to accommodate my request, I brought the full force of the law down on them in the form of a court order. The owner, Darren Rich, a studious bespectacled man, seemed genuinely moved by my plight; In retrospect perhaps I needn't have bothered with all the red-tape. I was given a quick tutorial in the etiquette of delivering animals, and then kitted out with a funky uniform that I thought suited me well.
Strangely, I was nervous. This was important I felt that they had made it personal, but I craved retribution in any form so I went ahead.
B.A.L, supplied a number of establishments, and I was surprised to see that business was brisk; I would not have imagined that so much research was being conducted in our country. Fortunately, for me, they had a number of vehicles, and a sizable staff which meant that I would not be required to travel around to other venues before tackling Crimeen.
The labs at Crimeen, and as a result the animal holds behind them, had been off limits to us; even the cleaning service we'd originally used, had not been given access. I was going into unexplored territory.
The vehicle was of the modified light delivery type, and a fair amount of effort and thought had been directed at it; it was exceptionally function and well equipped for its task. B.A.L was almost on Crimeen's doorstep so the drive over was short and uneventful, I was at the back entrance of the labs ready to unload my charges in no time at all.
The animal facilities were tacked of behind each of the labs at Crimeen, Darren had explained that this was an unusual set up and quite unique to Crimeen.
"Most of the labs we supply have only one central distribution area, Crimeen is an exception in many ways as well as this," he had attempted to explain the layout to me quickly and sensibly.
"I thought that they bred all their own animals?"
"Yes, most use a combination of breeding and outsourcing, but Crimeen buys-in only."
"So that's odd?"
"Indeed, it is. Their set-up is also weird. They have a number of labs, as do most of our other clients, but each of their laboratories are serviced by an animal hold; expensive and baffling arrangement," he shook his head at me, but I had my suspicions as to why they adhered to such a secretive floor-plan.
I supplied my credentials at the gated area leading to the labs, then walked up a short drive to steel doors that had been left ajar. Inside the place was a marvel of shiny white molded surfaces. Other than the cages themselves, there were no sharp edges or disjointed sections; the room looked as if it had been carved out of plastic. I guessed that the design meant that it was easy to keep clean. Apart from the animals in their pens, there did not seem to be any other living souls about, I waited for attention, then, decided to find someone to assist me. I passed a slew of cages some occupied others vacant to a set of doors that looked as if the connected to the interior; all were locked. I tried every handle, none budged. It was an eerie place, quiet, white and insular; quite disconcerting. I was fairly pleased when I had to go back outside to inform the gate attendant who called in to arrange for me to make my delivery.~~In all the preparations for my visit, B.A.L had failed to alert Crimeen of my appointment, it was the first of a series of things that were to go awry before the day was done.
Back in I was met by a guy with a harshly lined face and cold blue eyes. He grunted, and allowed me into the lab, he needed to sign my documentation, acknowledging delivery. The lab looked awesomely technical; almost futuristic, I was impressed despite myself. I was also disappointed since it seemed that I was about to be dismissed after all my effort without getting a thing for my troubles. BAL had inserted my photo and credentials into an existing card, perhaps I should have pretended to be a new recruit like the guy we'd heard from our surveillance van; then I might have been allowed greater access.
I was being ushered out when I thought of a delaying tactic.
"How come you guys use wild rats, all our other clients use white lab rats specially bred for the purpose." he looked at me as if he had not understood my request, it didn't take me long to work out why.
"Vot ...?" he answered in a heavy accent. Sounded East European.
I pointed to the cages,
"Not white, wild rats," I said, this he seemed to understand.
"Ja, .... " he returned exposing a set of teeth with more than one member long gone.
"Thanks!" I said realizing that it was useless to continue communicating.
I was almost out when the doors at the edge of the hold burst open and Stephen James flew into the room,
"Where the hell are the reports?" he yelled, obviously searching for something he had missed.
My chaperone looked confused and mortified at this ... I was trying to duck out as fast as possible, before James recognized me. Thankfully, he turned back into the lab with my guide hot on his heels. I breathed a sign of relief realizing that I was by now sweating profusely; nevertheless, I took advantage of the opportunity James' arrival had afforded. I backtracked to the interconnecting door, reached around and removed the keys I had seen dangling there. I took one of the matching set from the ring, my hands slick and unsteady, then popped the other back into the lock; I hoped they wouldn't notice. A storage area between the animal holds and the lab, seemed to be the area where newly made batches of drugs awaited delivery; this I supposed made sense, since the goods could be dispatched while others were accepted using one outlet. The problem was that a CCV camera was trained on the section. I stood behind it, careful to get my angle perfect and snapped a picture of the camera's view. Then, breathing heavily I beat a hasty retreat. Once beyond the perimeter I put an urgent call into the station.
"I'm sending you an email with attachment, print it out on Matt photo paper; no shine, okay!" I paused for a moment; collected my thoughts, "I need a decoy, someone with a free afternoon, capable of driving a light truck. Send the photo back to me with the officer, and Sara, please make sure the print is high definition, it must look like the real thing" I must have sounded desperate because Sara returned with none of her usual spunk.
"Calm down Frank, give me the address I send a uniform, and return your pic straight away."
"No uniform," I barked into the receiver, "plain clothes .... Plain clothed, please," i repeated myself for emphasis. Sara undertook her assignment with another suggestion for me to settle down, then she rang off to get it done.
God, she sent me Smythes, of the multiple pimples, of all people, and he was so keen and excited it was almost sickening. Sara really had a strange sense of humor sometimes, but he had my photograph, and in that department Sara had outdone herself.
I explained our mission to Lionel, briefly; hoping he wouldn't mess up then with him in the passenger seat we made our way back. At the guarded entrance each vehicle was entered into a manual log as being 'on' the premises, each was issued a visitors pass which had to be returned when the car left the area; ensuring that no unaccounted loiters were left to effect damage at the end of the day. The problem was that they failed to count the number of occupants per vehicle. There was more than one exit, so as long as Smythes left by another gate, ensuring that we didn't jog anyone's memory accidentally, I would be able to remain on the premises with my key and break in after hours; without anyone suspecting my presence. With such tight security on the outskirts, cameras, guards patrolling the office park, and the heavy steel doors, Crimeen did not need additional alarms, or so they believed .... Anyway.

Chapter Forty Three.
Frankie.

Dense foliage has its advantages; it afforded excellent cover while I waited for Crimeen Industries to pack up for the day. They occupied were more than one unit, but my bets were on the one James worked in, when it came to guessing which might be involved in clandestine operations; I believed he would want I keep it under close watch.
I hid, crouching behind a particularly lush Honeysuckle situated at the edge of Crimeen's impressive sweep of drive. Various cars and light delivery vehicles were parked in an alcove nearby, and I jotted down the number plate of the Slavic animal-minder's car after he had picked out his car; I didn't think I would get any prizes for assuming his nationality as Polish.
I bided my time needing to get a measure of the patrol interval; after a fair wait I discovered that the guard made hourly rounds. By this time it was fully dark; I was stiff, and my legs were cramping. I vacated my hidy-hole in favor of the sheltered lee along the cobbled paths that led to the lab. An old-fashioned mesh gate and fence shielded the property, screening it-off from its neighbors. It was fastened with a standard lock that I reckoned even Smythes could have made short work of; I was in and away from the exposed entrance in seconds. In the hold I constructed my photograph for mounting ahead of the CCV TV using two paper clips connected in perpendicular fashion. Fortunately, the camera panned a very narrow arc; I waited for it to reach its zenith, then, slipped my clip on, moving the pic gently into focus as the device turned back in. I would be able to investigate in peace.
Before making my fore into the main lab, I went through each independently marked group of merchandise awaiting distribution. I carefully removed a little of each of their products, being vigilant to disguise my efforts as best as possible. It was a slow. Nerve racking business. With pockets bulging I turned to the last of the cargo, only to see that it was clearly labeled,
'Insect Repellent'
'Not for human consumption'
I was going to skip taking a sample, but fortunately, I'm a bit of a stickler when it comes to doing a job thoroughly; the bottle held a clear substance in crystal form, I added it to my goodies.
The laboratory was an entirely different matter, completely unintelligible; a conundrum of interlaced, or standalone systems constructed from glass or steel. I simply stood and stared for a few seconds before making putting my hastily made plan into action; I selected items in sealed petri-dishes, and test-tubes, anything open or still part of one of the sophisticated chemistry sets I left untouched - I wasn't keen on mistakenly messing with a nasty live virus of active killer bacteria, which they might have been examining. I had asked Smythes to give me five hours to snoop around. He had been instructed to come in on the pretext of having left his mobile phone on one of the short concrete pillars which surrounded the parking area from the units; time was not yet up, so I decided to investigated the staff locker room that lay to the left of the lab.
By the look of the room staff members were each allocated a personal locker. All of the traditional narrow metal cupboards held a slot for the name and identifying photograph of an employee. I found the cubicle belonging to the guy I had felt with earlier, and popped it open with one of the lock-files I always carried. The cabinet held several white dust coats; the universal uniform of science professionals. Other contents included an empty briefcase. A set of street clothes, a selection of foreign car magazines--of a technical nature--and a set of car keys. I had seen him get into his vehicle earlier.
Wonder why he would leave this lot here.
It didn't make sense. The key ring fell heavily into my palm when I pulled them from their resting place. More than car keys; that much was now obvious. I pocketed them. Not realizing the panic this decision would cause.
I locked up.  Smythes was on time, and we exited smoothly.
"Thanks," I offered grudgingly--Smythes, I knew, would never be a favorite of mine despite his obvious zeal for policing.
"Did you get what you were after?" he queried, his Afrikaans accent rolling his r's and clipping his t's,
"Yes," I replied curtly, displaying several of my samples.
"Detective, couldn't we have raided the place with a warrant. If you have any evidence worth anything in that batch, won't it be worthless since you broke-and-entered illegally," he looked very pleased with his deduction; a whiff of superiority about him--honestly he irritated me; simply on principle!
"No Lionel, we need to be certain they have something worth finding before we barge in. If we seized their produce with a court order and don't really know where to look, we might not be lucky enough to capture anything worthwhile. If they have anything they should not have, now we'll know and besides, now we'll also know exactly where to find them," I sighed, pointing out what I thought should've been obvious.
"If they miss something, though, aren't they going to suspect they are under investigation and clean up their act somewhat?"
"Hopefully they won't, it would be pointless to do it any other way." I cut of further question closing the issue. Smythes, however, was without doubt, partly right.

Chapter Forty Four.
Jared.

I had been charging around, it seemed, for days; bounding here and there like a child at a country fair terrified of missing any of the attractions. I needed to kick back for a while--assimilate rather than accumulate information. I rigged up my PC on the dining-room table so that I had a really nice view of the pool. Relaxing, you know... I felt that I really needed it--that if I wound down a little I might get a fresh slant on the details. The garden had really come into it's own since I had been away; what with all the care Marissa had been giving it. An ambiance of well being and peace radiated from it into the house. A languid glide of dragon flies over the serene pool with it's sun dappled reflection of the stately trees above, added to the atmosphere. I sipped a new lemony health drink Marissa had plied the fridge with from her latest fashionable online health store, (which charged exorbitant retail prices but had the sense to offer free delivery, conning customers into believing that they were on the receiving end of huge secret bargains others were missing out on.)
'Ah ....' I thought to myself, 'this is how life should be'.
I needed to label and log all the samples I'd taken from Crimeen before handing them over to Andy for analysis. I added all to the paraphernalia on the surface alongside my PC, the weighty key ring pealing a jangle into the still air as it landed with a clang.
I considered them, a hopeful buzz stirring in my veins, I put a call through to Sara on an off-chance.
"Can you tell me if Damon's keys were recovered with his van." A long shot, but luck strikes randomly, one simply never knew when it would hit.
"No, Frank. The car was in one piece, but no keys," I felt my blood pump a little faster.
"What make was it Sara ... Was it a VW.?" the keys I had distinctly belonged to a Volkswagen, a Golf probably.
"No luck Frank, his car was a Ford, a Chevy truck," her specifications sinking my spirits like a stone.
"Thanks, Sara, not what I'd hoped, but thanks," my deflation evident even to my own ears, I told Sara what I had been thinking, and she was duly sympathetic; however, sometimes miracles are built on the foundation of dissatisfaction.
I fired up my computer and set to work, losing myself quickly in my mundane assignment. The sound of the front door opening, followed by the clink of Shiloh's voice alerted me to the fact that school was out for the day; my daughter was home. It was the second week of Shiloh's return to her regular school routine, but still not extracurricular activity, of the strenuous sort, were allowed--it suited Shiloh just fine, she much preferred the virtual world online to the sports field.
I heard her chatting away amiably to a friend she must have invited home for the afternoon, their voices drifted up the passage as they neared; sounded like a guy.
"Shiloh, come in here a sec, I'd like to hear how things are going with you?" I caught her attention as she passed the entrance
"Dad, hi!" she bounced in smiling, a tall figure trailing her.
Jeez, it was Jared ...
My shock must have been starkly apparent, since she followed my line of sight with her own eyes. Then she explained.
"Jared is rehearsing at a studio near my school; he offered to give me a lift home--much quicker than the lift-club, you know?" Shiloh managed to turn every thing into a complaint; it made a person feel guilty, even if only vaguely. A unique gift she possessed, and I felt it always worked best on me.
"Hello, Jared, how are you keeping?" he actually came over to shake my hand; a definite first for any friend Shiloh had ever brought home before, of either gender.
"I'm good, Detective Harlow, and you?" his mode of address made me feel a hundred years old, but I hid my feelings well.
"Fine ... fine," I answered freeing his hand, their destination--a sudden disconcerting realization, making me dreadfully uncomfortable--they had been on there way to Shiloh's bedroom, not the kitchen, or any of the other rooms, it seemed horribly intimate to me. I knew it was both Natasha and Shiloh's habit to entertain their friends in their rooms. I was being unreasonable, yet with Jared I felt it would be more appropriate for my daughter to see him in a communal space, especially since they had been only recently introduced. I was about to voice my misgivings when Jared exclaimed.
"Those keys!" he picked them up before I could stop him; turning them over in this hands, staring at them as if transfixed.
"What?" I blurted, his weird reaction striking a cord in me, halting the reprimand on my tongue.
"These were Stacey's car keys; her house keys as well," he turned huge startled eyes back at me, dropping the ring back onto the table as if they had burned his fingers.
God!
"Oh, my," was all I managed to which he countered.
"Where did you get them from? These were stolen along with her car. We reckon they used these very keys to ransack our house ... "
"I found them at a company that is in direct competition to the one your sister worked for,"
"Whoever had these keys must surely have been involved in the robbery, I doubt if he picked them up somewhere inadvertently,"
"Oh, Jared, this is awful for you ... I'm so sorry." Shiloh added a human touch to the proceedings and came over to stand at Jared's side; she squeezed his hand to give him courage.
"I've never really understood why they robbed us with such diligence anyway--"
"I think they were after the details of your sister's research. I think she was murdered for her chemical formula, and I'm certain Crimeen Wade's Pharmaceutical company, the business her assistant went to work for, is responsible."
"So, then why don't you arrest them, especially since they had possession of her keys ... I told you she was never ... 'That type of woman', now you believe me," he was talking at such speed that his thoughts appeared to be struggling to keep pace. His ideas were simply spilling out. A moments reflection reminded me of how much hell he had been through, I was about to try a calm him down; offer him solace, when I noticed the color drain from his face--fear creased his brow; it radiated through him alerting us all.
"It's not that simple ... " I began, in answer to his demand but Shiloh was more sensitive,
"Jared?" Shiloh thew an arm over his shoulder, "tell?"
"That name. That was the name of my Father's sworn enemy, at least Wadalski was, he westernized it to Wade .... But, I guess it's a common enough name in its Americanized form,"
"No, Jared, it's the same family, but Ivor is dead. Crimeen Industries belongs his son now," my words sounded drawn out, my tone much lower than I'd intended ... They hung ominously on the air in the room; stifling and heavy.
Jared pulled out a chair at my table, and slumped into it, Shiloh followed.
"This cannot merely be chance!" Jared roared despite his crumpled stance.
"No, I agree, but I've not being able to establish a proper connection between your father and the Wade's company as it now stands."
"Oh so you know that Ivor stole my fathers formula. He was a nothing scientist, a gangster, running from the Polish Communist Government, and, according to my father, he was also in fear of his life from his own gang. He took my fathers work and sold it to a company in the West and got out because of it. I was very young when he and my mother died. I don't really know all that much about it. I do know that Ivor relocated here from America before the crash. Stacey would have known .... " I knew he was about to say she would have known more, but his intake of breath stemmed his own tide of grief.
"Is there anyone else who might know more of the finer details."
"Possibly my grandmother, she was my mom's mother, but she was close to my father. my mom was Polish by descent, but a local. My father met her here. Maybe you should talk to my Gran?"
"Jared, I think that is an excellent idea. I'll do that," my mind was in a spin, but I managed to focus,"what can you tell me about your sisters work, anything that might tie it to Wadalski might help?"
"Stacey's dedication to working in cancer research can be traced directly back to her roots. Cancer is unfortunately in our genes on both sides. My fathers, grandmother and brother as well as my mom's father, died of the disease, and that's probably why I have it as well, but for me at least medicine has offered better recovery rates especially for my type of cancer, than it did for my ancestors. I'll never be able to have children;
 a legacy of my chemotherapy, but I am in remission, my cancer is on hold, and hopefully it will stay that way. My father had been working in cancer research for years before his death, Stacey's interest began at his knee. Even as a child she was interested in science, and it blossomed into her career." this was news, I looked at Shiloh's face to gauge her reaction, but she simply glowed with admiration for Jared, despite the grim nature of the subject matter--Shiloh loved to be controversial, but in this instance I think it went deeper than that.
"So Stacey was following in your fathers footsteps so to speak?"
"Yes, and if I'm not mistaken, Ivor had people working in the same field, he offered my father a job ... Can you believe ... Needless to say my dad refused." In the fabric of his words I began to sense a family saga, a dance of greed and manipulation; pirouetting dangerously out of control through the ages.
"I think that whoever killed Stacey was looking for her most recent work, it's not clear if they found what they were looking for. Can you think of any reason why her research data may have eluded them despite the fact that all her computers, mobiles and equipment were stolen."
"Stacey had a habit of keeping all her latest statistics in a handwritten journal, she preferred to jot down her conjecture and experimental results before formally constructing them electronically or digitally. I know she still had it the last time I saw her, she kept it on her person after the first robbery at our house."
The scrap of note paper; she must have secretly hidden it as one of her final acts--a message from the grave.
I shuddered involuntarily; such a sorry waste of potential. Stacey had had so much to give ...
"Perhaps they didn't find it." I knew it was wishful thinking,but I couldn't help hoping. I saw the same light of possibility in Jared and Shiloh's eyes. Jared grinned at me for the first time since he'd spotted Stacey's keys. I certainly had a lot more to go on than I had had an hour ago, but the scariest part was that if he hadn't given Shiloh a lift; if I hadn't called them in to say hello; if he hasn't seen the keys--an entirely different history might have been written. At that moment Marissa came bustling into the room her shopping bags crinkling against each other cheerfully. We had been so absorbed with Jared's tale that none of us had heard her approach until the last moment.
"Hi ..." she offered. Her features a panorama for her expressions; giving vent to a turmoil of underlying emotion. I knew it must have been a shock for her to see Jared with Shiloh. Then, as if making up her mind--perhaps she'd heard something of our conversation, she did what she always did in times of crisis.
"Can I get anything for any of you. You all look as if the troubles of the world have fallen on your shoulders. Coffee, juice, soda?" somehow, and I don't quite know a exactly which point it had happened, but it had--Jared had become a member of my family--and I knew that Marissa had felt it also.

Chapter Forty Five.
Maria.

I did not know what I was expecting, but the woman who met me at the door was certainly not anything I could possibly have been led to imagine. A quick mental calculation of her timeline meant that she had to be in her eighties, yet, I doubted that anyone would have guessed. She shook my hand with gusto, and assessed me under wing shaped spectacles that failed to hide the bruises of grief beneath her eyes. I've seen woman half her age in worse shape; nevertheless, although the pain of mourning had not bent her back, it had boughed her aura--I felt the weight of my imposition.
"Mr Harlow, Jared has told me all about your daughter. I believe you want to know what I can tell you about mine?" Obviously small talk was not her forte. I had anticipated an accent not the clear tones of an English speaking South African. Jared had warned me that his grandmother was first generation East European.
"I thought you might need help translating my questions, I'm glad I was wrong," she grinned a perfect dentured smile at me; getting me to react in kind.
"I've laid out a tray with a sherry each, and wafers; in case this takes a while," she explained, taking a chair on one side of the incredibly clean pretty room, she indicated for me to seat myself on the opposite end.
"Fire ahead, Mr. Harlow," I wondered if her lack of acknowledgment of my official status was purposeful or a genuine oversight; she used mister rather than detective.
"I'm sorry to have to drag you through this."
"I've already agreed, if it helps ... "
"Yes, that's the idea," I said, feeling better'
"You are Stacey's mother's mother, is that right? How did your daughter meet and marry Cornish, and what was he like?"
"Oh I loved him instantly! A sparkling, intelligent man who always had time not only for my daughter, but also for her family. He never minded attending events I arranged, lots of families are split on those kind of issues--he didn't cause trouble; It helped of course that he was Polish--I insisted that my daughter learn the language as a child so that she wouldn't lose her heritage."
"So you've lived here all your life, did you immigrate with your family, or were you born here? you speak English very well." In response she seemed to lose focus for a second, her eyes drifted. Her trauma flooded the room so palpably that I actually felt my mouth go dry.
"My parents were both killed when the Russians invaded Poland in 1939; war madness was everywhere. Thousands of people disappeared, they were simply never heard of again. I was one of millions deported at the beginning of the war, however, in my case it may have been a mercy journey. Others, not as lucky as I, were taken to Siberia--most died in the snow."
"You say a mercy journey?"
"It happened just before my seventh birthday. Apart from the fear, which I remember very well, my memories are better served by the facts that were uncovered about us after the war, and the stories the people I lived with told."
"Where did they take you?" Despite myself I felt drawn to her story; it was not exactly on subject, but I wanted to hear more.
"Generally, people become agitated if you mention the war, yet for anyone who lived any part of it, it became a defining life-shaper, none of those who survived escaped untouched. I was one of 500 children selected to be moved to an orphanage in Oudshoorn,"
"Oudshoorn! Why?"
"That's the thing ... None of us actually knew. We were educated at the school during the war; effectively escaping harm. Once peace was declared the school was transformed into a technical college, and most of the students were moved to camps in upper Africa, such as those in, the then named, Rhodesia and Kenya. We were all supposed to be orphans, but sometime after the ceasefire it became common knowledge that most of the children had been accompanied by one or more members of their families--mothers, aunts or grandmothers. The fact that only a few of the children were actually orphans led to speculation that the families had been scurried out of harms way by fearful wealthy patrons who believed that remaining in Poland would be fatal, their fears proved correct; many believed we were Polish Jews. A roster of names survived, but by name alone it was difficult to estimate how many were Jewish--An influential Russian soldier must have taken a hefty bribe, during the early days of the fighting, to ensure that our party were sent safely to South Africa, via Iran. However, I digress, you didn't come here to hear about me," one of the most important lessons I'd learned, was that cutting people short in the details they wanted to relate often cost more in lost information than they time it would have taken to listen, and besides, Jared's gracious grandmother obviously had an interesting story to tell. I had never heard anything of this particular slant on second world war refugees.
"No, I'd love to hear how you managed to stay in the country, and how your daughter eventually met Cornish," I felt her mood lighten, her regard warm to my interest.
"My family has had a sad history in this wonderful country, my daughter was only in her early thirties when she died, she left two children for me to care for, one of whom is also now gone ... well before her time," her pain echoed resonantly about the room buoyed by her grief.
"I'm so very sorry for your loss, but that's why I'm here, if there is anything that you know about the past that may have relevance, even if you think it is only vaguely connected, please tell me. The best way is simply to give me the whole story," I saw her assimilate and accept my proposal, she nodded her delicate head elegantly, and I realized where Jared got his aristocratic looks from.
"I was adopted after the war by a wealthy childless couple. Their family had made a fortune in Ostrich feathers before the invention of the motor car; the feathers made hats ostentatious—they were large and lavish, sadly the hats simple blew off the wearers heads as these new motorized machines sped about effectively killing the industry. Cleverly, my adoptive father turned his farm into a show farm with facilities for tourists venturing to see the delights of the nearby Cango Caves." strangely it seemed this foreign woman had seen more South African history than most locals
"From what I've heard about the collapse of that particular industry that was, indeed, very smart of him," I goaded her forward.
"Our neighbors made their fortune in mining, and retired in Oudshoorn to breed horses, they were also childless, and as a result mutual circumstance had made my new family and theirs very friendly," she paused to brush an imagined speck of dust from her skirt, smoothing it down while she gathered her thoughts, "many people in the area were immigrants, and our neighbors were also original Polish nationals,"
"Sounds like Oudshoorn was a melting pot for European culture in Africa," this brought a ghost of a grin to my hosts face.
"It was ... yes, those were heady times, anyway, after college I met and married a local businessman; we produced one beautiful child before my husband died of cancer; his death left a dreadful mark on my daughters spirit, it was a hard death and she was impressionably young, she threw herself into her studies, qualifying as a surgical nurse as soon as she left school, she was also an avid horse rider, and spent all her free time at her grandparent's neighbor's horse riding farm. When the owners both died in a boating accident while on holiday in Cape Town, my father assisted the estate lawyers in their quest to locate their only surviving relative who, as you may have guessed, turned out to be Paul Choiński or Paul Cornish, as he later became known." History enmeshed us both in its incomparable swirl.
"Did you ever hear your son-in-law mention the name Wadalski, or Wade?" she turned to ice before my eyes.
"The last policeman, Mr. Harlow, eventually became just concerned as you are now. At first he was actually belligerent, but he grew to believe that my daughter was murdered. Like you, he spoke to me. He kept asking me what I knew. How the hell could I know? ... I wasn't there." she spat it out, in the wake of a sharp indrawn breath; a wince rather than a scream; far more heart-wrenching because she did not cry out.
"Why... Why do you think he might have done such a thing?" she turned to me, then, her raw ache, a scar across her features.
"Greed ... He was filled with jealousy, eaten with it; Inhuman because of it ..." she shrunk, seeming to fold in on herself, she faded, becoming instantly smaller as if she needed to withdraw from the truth.
Wadalski had been thrown across this woman's family path. He had poisoned their air; making it impossible for them to live normal lives. The worst thing, however, was that I did not believe it had stopped with the death of Paul Cornish and his wife.
"I believe his company, now run by his son, may have been watching your granddaughter's progress. I think they were spying on her. If I'm right the saga seems to have come full circle. Stacey obviously had her father's gift for science. She was clearly just as remarkable as her genes made her." my remark brought a hint of life back into her expression. With a sardonic grin she confirmed my opinion.
"Yes, I believe she had all the brilliance of our Polish ancestors in her veins. Marie Curie, the only woman to win the Nobel Prize for more than one field of science, was Polish. Our people, despite their persecution have an aristocratic linage when I comes to inventiveness!" she had scraped the bottom of the barrel and found some courage there, I had to admire her, her spirit.
"I thought she was French. Didn't she discover radioactive isotopes of something?"
"Or something ... Yes she isolated various radioactive atoms. Actually, she did so much work in the field of radiation, that she died from it, she didn't know the rays she exposed herself to daily were deadly. They say even her cookbook was so electrified it had to be preserved under lead," despite the seriousness of our conversation, despite the somber note we had found ourselves on, this remarkable tidbit of information was simply so ridiculously tragic that we found ourselves laughing despite ourselves. It brought tears to our eyes.
Eventually, mirth spent, I pushed the subject back to my inquiry, but I had already found out all Jared's grandmother could add. I spent the afternoon with her. I loved her, she was a grand old dame, and my affection warmed me to her grandson as well, Jared had become even more likable. She didn't know if the Wadalski family interest had followed from her son-in-law through to her granddaughter, but, by what she had told me of the man's original interest, the possibility seemed more than likely. Stacey had been as much a victim of Crimeen, as her father before her; of that I was certain.










Chapter Forty Six.
Marissa.

When the reports came back on all the goodies I'd swiped from Crimeen I was elated; everything I'd hoped for was in there. My samples abounded with chemicals such as Cathonin, which was a known element found in street drugs. My elation, however, was short lived.
"As always Frankie, when its too good to be true, it will be. Yes, they're knee deep in illegal substances but that's the beauty of it Frank ... They are allowed to have them!" Andy's words crushed me, of course they were, which Pharmaceutical company wouldn't be? Wicked bastards!
I sat down next to the kitchen counter with the wall phone cradled unheeded in my lap, and wished I had a better, more targeted plan. Stacey's car keys were the single most salient lead; they tied Crimeen inexorably to the murder. Unfortunately, as the smug Mr. Smythes had pointed out after my break-and-enter excursion, I had contaminated the evidence. Short of returning them to the thugs locker in the lab, I was stuck; I couldn't admit to having lifted them, and I couldn't use them against him because I had. All roads led to Crimeen, to Stephen, Jena and her elusive shadowy brother. Violent ass covering was the only thing any of their actions brought to mind, the fact that they had built their industry on the brilliance of Stacey's father, wrecking her family in the process, and then, more than likely, using her research to further their aims, was staggeringly unbelievable.
Truth is always weirder than fiction; I thought--that's why so many criminals remain unchecked--no one would believe their sheer audacity.
However ill advised it was, I knew I was going to follow up on the Slavic rat-minder. He was their dirty hand, their contracted strong arm boy, and I knew that he was not the only one. Crimeen had a slew of foreigners, probably desperate to get out of their own countries, protecting their backs; I had killed one after Jared's concert, and injured another during the garage attack on my family. This was a gang rather than a business; with sinister ambition, and stealthy operating methods ... I had an inkling of their aims, but their overall aspirations still eluded me--damn frustrating.
I heard the household stir with a sigh of exhaled regret at having to throw off the covers and face the day. It was early, Andy must have been working all night. I realized how much I owed him, he was one of the unsung heros in our investigative system. Generally, press was bad in the country when it came to the force all coverage was negative, guys as good as Andy were never praised; sad, but that's just how it was; shocking headlines sold newspapers. Stories about relentless hard work and dedicated attention to detail were hardly the stuff to generate frenzied excitement in any crowd. I heard my own sigh of regret mingle with that of my household.
Apathy stretched its fingers tentatively at me, I felt my enthusiasm drain, my focus waft away on the cool morning air which should have been bracing and invigorating. That's how my wife found me, sitting hugging a softly purring telephone, with a blank look of lethargy in my eyes.
"God, Frank, you look as if someone just walked over your grave," she came up to me trainers squeaking with a 'swish' over our tiled floor. She took the phone from my lap and cut off its drone by replacing it in the cradle on the wall. She brushed my hair back off my forehead with her free hand.
"I don't want to feel like this one is going to slip away from me, but that's honestly how I feel right now!" I spat my words out, still facing the wall phone; they sounded bitter with a brittle edge of hopelessness.
"What happened?" she sat down next to me on the leather upholstered bench that we kept under the wall phone. There wasn't much room, but I think she realized that I needed comforting; warmth.
"Nothing ... That's the thing of it. Goddamn, nothing at all."
Instinctively she reached up and began rubbing my back I felt myself melt into her. She didn't pull away. Unable to resist, I folded her shoulders inward despite the awkward angle of the chair. So much had happened in such a brief period that it had forced us back together, thrown us at each other; our reaction, I guess, was inevitable. Her hair was in my hands, her breath on my cheek; a surge of sensory triggers. Without design we tangled, suddenly furious. Drunk with the intensity of my longing I bent into her neck, tasting the smooth tenderness of her skin under my tongue.
"Dad, you in there? Mom, whose up?" Natasha's voice drifted ahead of her from the dining room,
Christ, of all the inopportune ...
We straighten up smartly; like a pair of teenagers.
"Oh, sorry!" our disheveled state must have been a dead give away, Natasha, actually beamed; her delight lit up the room.
"I'll just go and see if Shiloh's up then--"
"No, Natasha, don't go, Honey. We were just about to make some coffee, why don't you help us?"
"Fine!" she retorted, eyes rolling above her smirk.
Jeez!


Chapter Forty Seven.
Johnny Kuzo.

Johnny kuzo, was probably a westernization of some near unpronounceable Polish name, it was an irrelevant thought, but nevertheless, that's how my mind seemed to be working; stuffing itself with nonsense, just to get by.
He lived in a house in Cyrildene; a pretty middle-class suburb of Johannesburg, dotted with stately old trees along broad elegant avenues. An ambiance of quiet restfulness hung over the area like a protective veil, it's pitch in perfect balance with nature; not, in the least, a space you would expect to find a gangster living in.
Sara had traced the address for me from the car registration I'd given her, apparently the house as well as the vehicle belonged to Crimeen. Fortunately the car was seconded under a formal lease to Johnny, otherwise it would have been impossible to find him. A light in a room to the left of the house went out, Johnny appeared in the drive a little after 6:30 am, locking an imposing looking wrought iron gate behind him. His ungainly head darted about; born, no doubt of nervousness that went with the job. I waited, letting him go. I needed the house vacant, which I hoped it would be during the day.
Shortly after eight, a woman in her early thirties, which I doubted was Mrs. Kuzo, left by way of the same gate. Re-locking it, in turn, behind her. The house fell into that particular stillness that radiated unmistakable emptiness.
Luck!
Getting in the gate with its impressive looking padlock was a breeze. The back door with its inner bolts and internal locks was, however, a nightmare. I wished I thought to bring Jack along, but then I spotted a large window with an old fashioned single latch, which, by contrast, was easy. The house was secured with a perimeter electric fence, common to so many South African homes; useless in this case, because of the gate. In addition, it was alarm free, a curious certainty for almost any criminal's house. I managed to get in, in under an hour.
The facade of Kuzo being part of the genteel conservatism of suburbia was quickly dispelled by the inside of the house. The place was sparsely furnished with cheap plastic and fake chrome pieces. The lounge a series of mismatched bean bags; the bed a mattress on the bedroom floor. It looked hurriedly thrown together, a temporary residence for someone in transit. Only the kitchen held a sense of being lived in, the fridge was well stocked and the island counter held a variety of good wine, sprinkles, spices and herbs. Kuzo obviously liked to eat well. I went through the rooms, pulling the bathroom cabinets , bedroom, kitchen and dining room drawers open. All held the paraphernalia of normal life, none of the guns, ammunition or drugs I was hoping for. I noted a wall safe behind the curtain drapes in the bedroom, however, it was something I would have to come back for, I wasn't equipped for safe breaking. The house was clean, Kuzo was more careful than I'd anticipated him to be.
Goddam. I cursed into the silence.
My rummaging had been brought to a halt.
Where would I put the tools of my trade if I were him? Not in the safe ...
I stood, hands on my hips in contemplative appraisal. The house had old fashioned wooden floors, not the laminated type which were currently fashionable these were the real thing. In most of the rooms the boards were covered centrally by ornate eastern rugs.
Ah!
Earnestly I re-toured each room inspecting the area under the mats. I found it in the bedroom; a trapdoor--neatly concealed by perfect joinery--obvious only to a trained eye; No latch or visible devise for lifting the slat from its cavern, but I knew from experience that the release mechanism would be close by. I scanned the sparsely furnished bedroom. The bed was set between two low side tables, each sporting a wicker shaded lamp. I ran my hand purposely over the smooth surface of each. Nothing ... Then, I thought to turn them upside down.
Voila!
The button was on the underside of the stubby side table. I popped it, and swaggered over to view the contents, pleased with my own powers of detection. The release must have triggered lights down below since the depths were well lit. A sturdy metal runged ladder ran down into the cellar. Melamine shelves traversed each lower wall, end-to-end and floor-to-ceiling. The hidy-hole was literally stuffed with the trappings of crime. From my vantage point I could see, weapons, neatly stacked boxes with Crimeen labels emblazoned on sealing tape; the red company logo shiny under the neon globes. I was about to step onto the first of the rungs, when I heard the unmistakable sound of a key in a lock. I hadn't heard a car draw up, but I guessed it must have. It was too late to stay my heavy foot, the ladder pinged under my weight sending a sharp metallic sound into the air. It seemed to fill the house, echoing resonantly against the walls. Kuzo was at the entrance to the bedroom in a Flash, his face a caricature of flush and fury.
Christ ... At least I knew better than to go down.
Without thought of possible consequence, I pulled a lamp from its socket and ran at the window spanning the room behind the curtains. I slammed into the glass with all my might, shattering an escape route through them; the impact cushioned, somewhat, by the drapes. I felt rather than heard the 'woosh' of a bullet fly passed my cheek.
Fucking asshole was going to try and kill me.
I sprang with all my might over the mangled frame into the clear air, but I knew it was too early to feel relieved. Kuzo wanted me, I had violated his sanctuary; uncovered at least some of his secrets. He came after me, gun blazing. I ran for my life thanking every hour I'd spent on keeping myself fit in the park behind my apartment. Kuzo was, however, extremely determined. Fortunately the gate was still unlocked, I barreled through it; terror pumping my adrenaline spurt, I fled towards my car, praying Kuzo would have the sense not to follow. He didn't.
I dived behind my steering wheel keeping as low as possible, avoiding gun shots. Kuzo was certainly mad. Somehow I managed to connect keys to ignition and get the Subaru rolling.
My breath was a living thing, heaving my chest with ragged gasps, my lungs a ravaged hole of pain. When the car began to pick up speed beneath me, I began to focus on calming down, it would have been ironic to escape a bullet, only to die from heart failure. By thoughts brought a wry grin to my face despite the gravity of my circumstance. I looked into my rear-view mirror checking my tail, my grin faded-- there behind me, face a picture of rage, was Kuzo; his car gaining on mine with every tick of the clock. The next thing I realized was that he hadn't left his gun at home. A rattle of shots hit the Subaru's rear door; a miss, but he was getting better. Thankfully it was a little later than rush hour, I had to consider how many civilians were at risk from his gun fire. I made for the abandoned building site of a new mall that had been planned for the suburb, the construction company had run out of money and now the place was due to be auctioned; at least it was empty. I hoped to lose Kuzo in the maze of a parking lot attached to the shopping complex, I was familiar with it, having been involved in an investigation there recently, I knew Kuzo was not; I begged advantage.
I raced for the entrance, Kuzo was not short on ammunition, and I felt the car buck again in reaction to another volley. My life it seemed was truly in peril. I couldn't shoot back. I had managed to get my gun out of its holster, but it lay, useless, over my knees. I risked another peek in the mirror, seeing only the sparks my flight was stoking over the tar. He was still there, closing in.
My car bounded, over a metal ramp into the lot, coming down heavily, rearing dangerously forcing me to concentrate on fighting for control, rather than deflecting Kuzo's attention. Another shot; the rear window exploded, it's shards nicking into my shoulders and neck from behind. I screeched around a solid looking concrete pillar that would have been disaster to hit. Kuzo, missed it just as narrowly, his car lifted sideways onto two tires.
I prayed ... But, no, he managed to level the vehicle with a shocking thump.
The parking lot with its maze of narrow aisles, was not it seemed, was not such a good idea after all, I looked for an escape route. Orange and yellow arrow signs overhead indicated an exit. I sped toward it.
Suddenly, I felt a burst of pain flower in my left shoulder, Kuzo had hit his mark. I tried to stay focused, ignore my panic. I punched through the gap the builders had left between the low walls of the lot, onto a untarred scrap of road behind the mall. My path ran beside a broad river cut into the brown earth below. A low ugly red brick bridge forded the water a little way ahead, I gunned the Subaru at it. Kuzo was directly behind me by now, I felt my car lurch, then slid sideways in response to the jolt. Somehow I kept control, spinning into the path over the bridge.
Christ I was so damn sore! My eyes watered with pain, I bit down hard pushing my agony to the back of my mind, knowing full well that if I failed, Kuzo would have me.
The Subaru bounced onto the bridge, sending a plume of red dust into the air at my rear, momentarily blinding my assailant. Then, out of nowhere my luck changed. I heard the skid begin behind me, Kuzo, perhaps distracted by the screen of sand thrown up by my car, misjudged. I watched in fascination as he fought to pull out of the slide, but it was too late. The car turned into an almost graceful dip towards the rushing water beneath, before diving elegantly as if in slow motion, into the depths. It happened so quickly, with such shocking speed, that by the time I ground the Subaru to a halt and bent over the railing to access the situation , only a tiny whirlpool of disturbance on the surface remained to mark Kuzo's position. My quandary was a wicked one; should I dive in after him, or leave him to an obviously grizzly death. A vision of my trying to break a window underwater to drag him out of, while he tried to shoot me from inside, made up my mind for me. I waited long enough to make certain he wasn't going to resurface before calling in emergency services.

Chapter Forty Eight.
Carla

Once again the Crimeen machine had all but managed to kill me and escape responsibility. It was simply the most frustrating situation, I knew I had my killer. I also knew that they kept their own hands as clean as possible; covering themselves. They distanced themselves from their criminality by employing henchmen to do their dirty work. That Kuzo had been used by them to first terrorize, then murder Stacey, was a fact
 I was convinced of--the very determination with which he had attempted to annihilate me told me that. Carla came to see me at the hospital; A medic had me awaiting stitches in a private room.
"So I heard you've been playing cops and robbers, Frank?" she kidded, the creases on her forehead betraying her concern.
"Yeah, but I was more robber than cop today, Kuzo caught me at his house going through his cellar arsenal," I shifted in my chair next to the bed, trying to get myself into a more comfortable position; my shoulder was agony itself, I don't think I'd ever experience anything quite as painful.
"You okay, you look so damn sore?"
"Not as sore as the other guy," I interjected, attempting to allay her fears and lighten the somber air.
"He's dead, Frank," I had the only chair in the room, so she hitched herself onto the bed and settled in, "they pulled his car out of the river an hour ago, but the pretty array of things in his house, mean that you'll take no flack, Frank. Kuzo was as dirty as hell, that much is obvious."
"Any word from Crimeen?"
"Oh, yeah, they deny any connection. Jena Wade has already released a statement. According to her, Kuzo was helping himself to their chemicals without their knowledge. She said the company were investigating missing stock, some of which had recently been lifted from their storeroom at their premises by a heist operator using a clever camera deflection technique to get away with scheduled drugs." She raised her eyebrows.
"That would've been me then. Such, goddamn evasive clever bastards, you know?"
"Yes, they are. I guess that's how they have managed to stay in business so long; always one step ahead." She didn't look happy, "I've some news of my own," she added.
"Pray, tell ..." I begged.
"I've had a few guys working the clubs Satin and Lace's girls frequent. We got lucky and captured footage of a deal going down between our man and their girl. She sold him a shit load of 'Smiles', you know ... That's what they call one of their designer Bath Salts." her focus came up, authority in her eyes, horror at her subject matter obvious in the turn of her shoulder.
"These drugs kill. There is always a more current blend of these crystals, or Salts as they are called, on the underground shelves. The worst thing, here, I think ... " she added, then exhaled giving a natural pause to her diatribe, " the worst thing, is that complications arising from this filth often go undetected. Normal drug tests miss this stuff. That's the real pull... Kids, particularly, are throwing fortunes at this dirt on principle... The principle is that they think they won't get caught." 
"Yeah, I know... Where, exactly did you find them, Carla?."
"Club's a tiny place, just outside of Damelin." She watched me raise my eyebrows for more.
"Now we know, not only where the chemistry laboratory is, but also how they operate. The agency is a front for a very clever distribution ring. The girls look like legitimate escorts. I've been on the Agency frequency for fourteen days, fourteen long, long days. The girls are sent out with dope, and come back with thousands. They keep a percentage, and hand the balance over, but now... Frankie, now for the punch line, they are all Slavic. I'm not sure which nationality exactly. They are all foreigners. Not a stitch of English among them. God.. I think they're illegals, that's what I think." She folded her arms over her breasts like a Sumo wrestler and soaked up my surprise.
"Well, well that's easy to test. I've got at really good connection in Home Affairs. If these girls do not have their papers this operation will be gone tomorrow." Carla dropped off the bed. She swung alongside my chair. Her eyes were haunted.
"Honestly Frank, you're not thinking straight. I guarantee that every thing will be perfectly in order. That's why they've got that fancy lawyer, Jena Wade,"
"Ohhh... No need to rub it in." I shook my head at her, but I knew she would be right. I knew that they would've covered their backs on this score as well.
"Got any ideas, then?" I asked, not expecting Carla to have had time to think this through.
"Yes, actually. I do." her eyes were huge, white against her tan skin. "As we speak, I've got a guy figuring the nationality of the girl I've hauled in. The petty dealer we have on video--"
"God, where is she I burst?"
"Saxonworld police cells, Frank. I'm ..."
"Jesus, Carla, you should have told me sooner. The girl will be Polish, and if we don't get her out of that cell she'll also be very dead. Call them Carla ... Now!" I was up out of my chair, shoulder forgotten.
"Come on let's get down there." I grabbed a hold of her elbow while she was trying to key in the station's number. As luck had it her battery had died, and I didn't have my phone. We raced past the nurses station to the sound of loud protest and round eyed awe, but necessity allowed no time for explanation. My treatment would have to wait.
The clinic was only a few blocks from Saxonworld, I pushed Carla ahead of me down the aseptic hospital corridors. Carla had caught the edge of my panic, she was experienced enough to know why I was afraid, even if she had not thought that far before putting the girl behind bars. Fortunately her car was parked right in front of the hospitals' double front doors. We were on our way in seconds. I rolled down the cars window, dragging at the cool air with all my might. I looked over at Carla and saw she was breathing just as hard.
"We'll make it, Frank. They won't get her."
But, they did ...

Chapter Forty Nine.
Carla.

Saxonworld's commanding officer was a study of remorse and contrition, he blamed himself. Carla, hated herself completely, and I felt old, stale and world-weary. A harsh wintery sun sent rays of unflattering light through the huge old fashioned windows to highlight our lined faces; distress a pucker over our lips, and under our eyes.
"God, Frank, this is all my fault," Carla whispered into the sun, her deflation shrinking her spirit before my eyes.
"No, it's a symptom of crime, Carla, a girl capable of providing information would never be allowed into the hands of the enemy. That's how they see it; that she had to be 'handled', but it's not something anyone who hasn't seen this sort of thing before, could ever know." I excused her innocence, then turned to listen to Greg, the station commander.
"Ah, Frankie, she asked for a lawyer ... You know the drill. When the guy walked out of her cell, she was still alive. On the way out of the building, he remembered, suddenly, that he'd left his clipboard behind. We offered to let him back into her room, but he said it was not necessary, he would just ask her to pass it through the bars, no one went with him to fetch it, it seemed harmless enough, after all he couldn't get through the bars ... No harm could come of it."
"He didn't need to get inside. He must have called her over, asked her to pass the clipboard then, grabbed hold of her arm and injected a lethal dose of something or other into her veins, no one was in the holding cells, and believe me he was no lawyer, and none of us will ever see him again. We can go through mug shots, but I don't think we'll 'make' him." Greg, was nodding his head in agreement, he knew we had all been taken for fools. The trail was cold.
"Jesus, Frank ..."
"Carla?"
"The line ... Unless they are complete idiots they are going to work out we've been listening to them. God, that's the end of our advantage," Carla sank further in on herself, leaving only a wisp for me to deal with. Somehow I knew that it had been way to easy for Jack and I to bug the Agency, I'd been waiting for Murphy, and he had chosen his timing perfectly.
"Fuck! Let's go and find out if you're right, there's nothing more we can do here." rage boiled, and despite my ravaged shoulder, I made for the car, Carla followed, quick as a fox, on my heels.

Chapter Fifty.
Stacey.

She heard it, when she reached up to flick off the light above her workbench, the unmistakable shuffle of rubber soles on tile. The building would most certainly be empty at this hour; it was well after ten. Yet, and yet again, she knew she had not been mistaken. She cocked her head, hugging her bag to her side. Feeling silly and wary at the same time. It had been an extremely fruitful day. She let out a breath she hadn't realized she had been holding. Test results, still in rough hand on the pages of her work journal, cataloged the fruit of her productiveness. Raw, nervous energy had been driving her relentlessly all week. So many previous, heartbreaking, disappointments suddenly swept aside by the new evidence she had on the desk in front of her.
Swish, Swash.
There it was again, the sound seemed to be coming from the passage leading from the lab to the lifts.
Probably the nightwatchman checking up on late night lights in the building. But....
Intuition is an odd sense, it bristles fine hair to rise on forearms and stiffen at the base of the neck. It strikes without warning, without obvious reason. Adrenaline flooded into her veins. The porthole window on the lab door filled with a round, overly magnified face; a man she'd never seen on the staff before, tapped on the glass, mouthing something behind his hand. Clear indication for her to let him in.
Why would he knock, security usually called.
Her eyes darted to the wall phone next to her bench. Instinct made her lift it.
Dead, the phone, was dead....
Panic gripped, clenching hard in the pit of her stomach. Wide-eyed she watched transfixed with the fascination of fear; the disembodied face retreated, seconds passed.... Endlessly slow.
Crash....
Unmistakable crunch of metal on glass and steel. Unbelievably he was breaking in; Smashing down the door.
Panic.
She stared. Then suddenly a prickle of self-preservation galvanized her into action.
The journal?
Ridiculous how things sometimes workout. Her laptop, computer, tablet  and mobile phone, had all been stolen the week before; they would have been impossible to hide. The notebook much easier. With the type of clarity only foresight brings she knew it might become a bargaining tool in the debate for her life.
They'll need it. Until they have it, I might be in with a chance.
Mundane reality in the face of terror.
She scanned the room, helplessness weighting lead into her legs; her arms felt as if they belonged to someone else.
God! He was at the door again; no time now....
She made the only plan she could before the air vibrated with tangible force as the door imploded into the room; rocked, cleanly cut, form its very socket.

Chapter Fifty One.
Nina.

Nina had always been the brightest, the smartest, the best. She had won her first academic scholarship at the age of eleven, and been promoted to an expensive senior school her parents would never have been able to afford. She won both the math and science Olympiads in her penultimate, senior year, and then went on to land her second scholarship. An undergraduate position, including full accommodation and living expenses at UCT, one of the countries premier universities. 
Nina had always known that she wanted to study bio-chemistry, except when she had been very young. Then she had not known the name of her chosen profession, she had only known that she wanted to make medicine and invent cures for illness. Nina sat on a high lab bench in what she would always consider to be Stacey's space. Patent white walls and floors blinked at her. It was like being inside a Tupperware container. Closeted and plastic. She tucked a strand of loose hair behind her ear and sighed. Her feelings for Stacey had been mixed, she had instantly felt drawn to the small, intense girl. It would have been hard not to have liked her, huge light blue eyes, quick grin, open and, well...Nice, Stacey had been nice. Nina knew that her reservations over her ex-colleague stemmed from envy. Face it girl she thought to herself, 'Stacey was the only person smarter than you, the only rival.... Ever.' There she had admitted it. 
Now she had the lab, the position she had coveted, everything, and yet, yet... It felt empty, sad. She could feel Stacey, God, she could almost hear and smell her in every sterile inch of the place. In the deepest recesses of her mind, she harbored guilt. Nina bit down, hard and involuntarily, on her lower lip, "ouch!" She uttered at the unremitting, unresponsive white lab. In her minds eye she saw Stephen James. Gorgeous, future like a Kennedy. Yes, anyone would have wanted him, just for that. She had wanted him, because he worked for Stacey, and he had wanted Stacey. Jealous.' the thought crackled like static across her brain. She knew it now, as she had then, but it had not stopped her. She was sitting up tight against the standard issue lab workbench that traversed the aseptic room. The view from the window at the end, unseen, given, as she was, to her preoccupation with the past. She vaguely felt something digging into her stockinged upper thigh. Something was stuck onto the underside of the bench above her leg, and if she hadn't have been so close she would not have felt it. Running her palm along the underside, revealed a wad of paper the size of a counter book. Nina was instantly on all fours, head awkwardly twisted up in curiosity. There, a rile of notes had been taped, hidden by their owner. She peered at them, knowing before she touched them that they must have belonged to Stacey, knowing before she touched them that they would, more than likely, hold the key to her murder. No cover, no binding, simply loose pages covered in Stacey's untidy scrawl. She could feel Stacey's panic and confusion as if the very fiber of the paper had soaked up her fear. The stack has been so hurriedly stashed that no time nor thought had been given to it's marking. Nina, ever practical, first found a punch and empty file from the office supplies at the head of the room. She secured the pages so that they would not lose their order. Then she sat back down and began to read in earnest. The day was only a streak of sun on a dark horizon by the time she was finished. Nina sat contemplating all she had read, marveling, despite herself, at Stacey's exceptional logic. Fortunately she had been the one to find it, others may not have understood it's technical nature, or been able to grasp the magnitude of Stacey's discovery.
A nerve ticked a pulse in Nina's temple, she had had the option of going to see Stephen at his apartment, but then, the thought of their emotional tangle left her reluctant to see him in a domestic setting. No, she knew his office or lab at Crimeen would be better. Her find begged action, but like banishing an unwelcome specter and exorcising or eradicating it's danger, this would not be an easy task. Instinctively she had known that she could not go public with it, too many subtle complications threatened ominously. Briefly she had toyed with the idea of publishing it for her own sake, a thought she had quickly put aside. She was way to bright not to realize that at least one other person knew of Stacey's exceptional breakthrough, stealing it would most certainly be perilous. Her choice was not based on morals, but rather personal safety. Advice... That's what she needed. Stephen was closest to the project. She knew he had been on leave when Stacey had been murdered. Also neither he nor the company he now worked for had announced anything remotely similar in nature to the shattering news Stacey's innovation would cause. In fact Stephen had been the lead in a Cancer drug of his own, beneficial and inventive, but nothing on the scale of Stacey's. Logically then Stephen would be safe, he would know what to do.

Chapter Fifty Two.
Stephen.

Actually, we shouldn't have wasted our time checking, our bugs had been ripped out. Carla had left the van in the capable hands of one of our team members, Dean van der Berg.
"Lord, what did you do? The lines turned to fuzz in under ten seconds, that's awful fast for that number of devices, we had quite a bit of hardware in there, you know?" I ran my a hand through my hair and sighed mightily, but I didn't get the opportunity to tell Dean how the Agency had worked it out.
"Carla, Frankie, I think you might want to hear this, grab some earphones," this was interjected by Pam, another duty officer. I fumbled passed a flimsy swivel chair blocking the listening shelf and its earphones from me; I yanked a pair onto my ears, my shoulder a furnace of hot molten pain; hard to ignore.
The line led to Crimeen--Stephen's office.
"Well you've done the right thing, Nina, bringing this to me. Have you told anyone else about it?" Stephen sounded wary, Carla turned to face me, earphones bulging. She pointed to her upper arms and mouthed the words 'goose pimples' at me. I felt it too, Stephen sounded coiled, as if he were gathering strength, planning his strike; like a hissing Cobra.
"No, I came straight here from the lab," Nina sounded excited.
"Is that where you found it?"
"Under her lab table, she must have hidden it there, but I have no idea why. You were working with her, didn't you know anything about this incredible stuff?"
Carla pulled my earphones off, her eyes were round, her mouth a perfect 'O'.
"Frank?" she didn't have to tell me. I turned to Dean seeking a solution.
"I think Carla and I, need to get a little closer, but I don't want to lose the signal, do you have a portable?"
"Of course, Frank!" Dean sounded offended, but he fished out a set for each of us from the back of the van with all the dexterity and speed of a true professional.
Within minutes that seemed to take an age, Carla and I went bounding over the metal rimmed threshold of the van; it's springy base adding impetus to our flight. She had kept her phones on while I had been talking to Dean, she filled me in.
"This is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard, Frank, this is what they were looking for, what they killed Stacey for and Nina has unwittingly delivered it to their doorstep ... Tell me, what are your thoughts?" I was concentrating so hard on not caving into the pain that I simply nodded, too caught up to do much else.
Our surveillance site was almost on Crimeen's doorstep, but we decided to use Carla's car for extra speed; both of us had a bad feeling about Nina in that room with Stephen.
Once we were in the car I went back to listening, while Carla drove.
"Obviously, I'm going to read it! Stacey and I had been working with the concepts you've just mentioned before I went on leave, only we had had no luck. From what you say now it looks like she solved those issues. Naturally, her theories would need to be put through the rigors of 'Clinical Trials' on humans before anyone could claim this as a breakthrough." In the short time it had taken to get from the van to the car, I had missed quite a bit. Stephen sounded sour; his anger tautly reigned. I was amazed that Nina couldn't feel the vibes, I was receiving them loud and clear; she was in the same room, but she seemed totally unaware of the danger she was in. Stephen had had a hand in more than one murder over Stacey's invention, I didn't believe his morals would be challenged simply because Nina had been his lover.
"You're right about the need for trials, obviously, but her results on every animal tested were utterly unequivocal, Stephen; all the animals became completely resistant. Not somewhat immune, absolutely immune. You know as well as I do, what that means. I've never seen anything like it, perfect results. Not only is Stacey's creation radical in its innovative method of delivery, it is the deadliest weapon against cancer ever conceptualized. This is the frontier, her logic was so flawless; the human race will never know cancer again." Stephen made a barely audible choking  sound; Nina remained innocent and continued to gush.
"Think of it; it's so brilliant! A virus that is programmed to kill cancerous cells leaving healthy cells to get on with the business of living, but not only that, no, Stacey took it one step further, this virus, like all viruses can remain dormant until a particular set of circumstances arise in its environment triggering it into life when it's needed. Everyone will simply have the dormant virus injected along with other childhood boosters. If cells in the body become malignant the virus becomes active, killing them before they can spread or cause any damage. Stephen, it's an inoculation against cancer ... The most devastatingly clever thing ever, no more treatment needed; the disease will become a thing of the past like polio. Only people who are not vaccinated will get cancer and what's more, a booster like this, based on an easily engineered virus, will cost next to nothing--everyone will be able to afford it." Tension crackled over the line like a neon spark bouncing over a live wire. Carla screeched up to the paved apron of a drive in front of Crimeen, she yanked at the hand brake, jerking to a stop; almost jettisoning us into the windscreen.
"Sorry," she kept her face averted in apologetic shame,"how's your shoulder?"
"Killing me! lets go, forget it, okay!" There was no time we needed to get inside before Mr. James made a plan to get his hands on Stacey's formula and eliminate Nina.
Turning to pop the door-lock I noticed the slim unmistakable form of Jena Wade hurrying, against the wind, up the path toward Stephen's unit. From the reaction James had had to her previous visit, I knew that she must have had very good reason to attempt it again. Galvanized by the sight of her, Carla and I were on the paving in seconds, we began our sprint towards the gated security entrance of the complex as if we were one. Jena was ahead of us; unaware of our approach. Carla was fitter, slowly she pulled ahead, leading the way. She shone her badge at the protesting guard manning the gate, without breaking her dash, she side-stepped, a graceful ballerina, around it, with a fluidity of movement I knew I couldn't match. I stopped at the security obstruction, winded and sore. Once the guard permitted, I was on Carla's tail once more. Time seemed to stand, it felt as if it were passing in eons rather than seconds. I felt my heart quicken in response to the thought of us losing; sabotaging our own case by not being fast enough.
Inside James' unit Carla stemmed her acceleration. Her stealth, almost feline, was a marvel to watch. She melted into her own shadow against the wall, up the stairs, I followed, but not with any of her elegance or style.
James' office at the top of the stairs, lay behind a broad comfortable reception area. The waiting room was empty; the receptionist, at Stephen's door, her back to us.
"Miss. Wade, you can't go in there he's busy ...." She had apparently followed Jena in ,in an attempt to dissuade her. From the outside, we could here that chaos reigned inside, but we couldn't, from our distance discern exactly what was going on. Carla pushed Stephen secretary aside without ceremony, giving herself access to the room. The woman riled, but something in Carla's manner quietened her tongue, she allowed her through. I followed.
They were so caught up in the scene that at first none of them noticed us. Stephen was standing behind his desk, Jena was to our left and Nina had risen out of her chair to face the unwelcome guest, she spotted us first, but only after we'd heard Jena blurt out her news.
"You'll have to sweep the place, the agency was wired," obviously, she had not realized that Stephen had company. Nina stared wide-eyed her confusion a flush across her features, her jaw dropped. Jena stopped short, no doubt seeing Nina, she whipped her head back and forth between the two; shiny braid lashing at empty air, all crackle and swish.
"What the ...." Stephen was about to swear, probably with rich religious overtones but he too stopped short; his eyes following Nina's to where Carla and I stood. Carla had her gun trained on the room, but she hadn't yelled anything at them. I was in a perfect position to gauge Stephen's reaction; an entire spectrum of emotions flitted over his gaze, a gambit of false faces any actor would have been proud of. He selected a mask of outrage for us to see from amongst his varied repertoire.
"Harlow ... What the hell do you want?"
"Nina, I want you to pick up Stacey's journal from the desk and then, I want you to walk over to me and step behind Detective Harlow and myself," Carla ignored Stephen pointedly, as he had her; he had talked around her to me. Nina stood, too dumbstruck to move, "Now!" Yelled Carla jerking Nina into action. She reached for the journal, our eyes were trained on her; mesmerized as her hands stretched out for the document. In our distraction none of us had seen Jena pull out her gun, Carla had expected resistance, and yes, even violence from Stephen, neither of us had expected it to come from Jena. I heard Carla pull a sharp breath of surprise into her lungs. Jena's eyes had turned to steel behind her gun. She had put Nina between both Stephen on one side, and us on the other giving herself perfect control over the room.
"Move one inch and I'll blow your brains out!" She barked, her voice a forceful puncture of command. Our attention swiveled. From his position behind the desk Stephen uncoiled like a predatory snake and scooped up the journal from Nina's side of the desk; his movement a blur at the side of my vision, which was trained on the gun.
"Fucking, nobody is getting there hands on this!" Stephen screeched showing himself for the bastard, finally.
"What?" Jena sounded confused. She hadn't heard the conversation Stephen had had with Nina, as we had.
"Bitch found Stacey's formula, everything is in here; saved us a bit of trouble," despite his bravado his hands trembled. Jena had not shifted her attention she still had Nina firmly in her sights.
"Even if you kill us all you'll never be able to use her work for yourselves, too many people suspect the truth. They know what she was working on you'll never get away with it," Carla spat at Stephen.
"She's right, why don't you drop the gun, hand over the journal. Lets stop this madness no one is going to have an easy run with the law if people die here today?" however, the time for reason had elapsed.
"Ha! ... I don't want it you blubbering idiots! I only want it so that I can destroy it ... It would ruin the industry. There's no money in a cheap vaccine!" Stephen held up the precious notes and began ripping them to shreds before our eyes.
"No! ..." Nina found her voice, her disbelief rocking the room with horror
What the hell was he doing. Why ... My thoughts were a jumble of shock.
Then, as if I on cue--as a result of my words--the unmistakable sounds of sirens flowed into the room; their volume increasing steadily as they drew nearer. Ironically, Stephen's secretary, who probably had no idea of his underhand dealings, had called in the cavalry. I almost sighed with relief, but our ordeal was far from over, Jena and Stephen's determination saw to that.
While we watched, Stephen continued to tear at the pages, more forcefully in fact since hearing the approach of our reinforcements. He looked maniacal he's eyes had glazed over; drunk with panic.
"That won't do ... " he blurted, talking to himself, "they might piece it together from the fragments." He sounded completely crazy, and his reaction to his epiphany only added to the impression. He began stuffing the paper into his mouth.
Christ he was eating it ...
Nina's total amazement, I think, drove the course of action that followed. I don't think any of us really knew what happened. The tension simply exploded in our faces.
Nina, seemed to forget Jena, in her desperation to prevent Stephens insanity. She moved toward him, Carla screamed a warning.
"Get down she's going to kill you," the decibel level enough to rupture eardrums. Nina, the intelligent girl that she was, dropped to the ground just as Jena's gun bucked with release; the shot had been meant for Nina, it hit Stephen instead. He seemed to rise in the air slightly; the force of the bullet lifting him then he crumbled, instantly sprawling in a pool of widening blood on his desk. In that nano second, Carla, had tried to save Nina, she had unloaded her gun at Jena, who dropped--as instantly felled as her lover to the floor. It was over with such radical speed that none of us left alive could breath normally for quite some time; the reality of our deliverance took time to sink in.
From the bowels of the building, a dark intense man burst into the room from a interconnecting door at the far side of the office. His face a study of his calculation, I didn't need an introduction to know it was Crimeen; a fact he quickly confirmed by rushing to Jena's side.
"Jena?" he knelt beside her trying to raise her prone form,"bastards I think you've murdered my sister!" With that he grabbed Jena's gun and lunged forward as if to hit us with it rather than shoot, but his foot caught at the rug carpeting the floor under the desk. Crimeen tripped, but his velocity had a mind of its own, pushing him into a spiraling dive straight toward the pretty floor-to-ceiling cottage pane window. The crunch, as he broke through it and failed momentarily in the sir before dropping out of sight, was a defending roar. Without communicating the need, all three of us left in the room rushed to the gaping hole in the wall. Crimeen lay splattered and broken on the paving, his blood very red against its quaint cobbled whiteness.




Chapter Fifty Thre.
Epilogue.

My cellphone rang shrilly from somewhere in the depths of Marissa's beach bag. I fished it out making a mental note to leave the damn thing behind the following day.
"Harlow," I said, looking out over the glittering bay; the sun stroking the backs of the waves to a golden shimmer. The day was that startling clear blue with the faintest ruffle of a breeze that made you glad to be alive, and quite honestly, with the mess I'd been through in the past few months, I was truly glad that I still was.
"Hi, Frankie, just wanted to let you know that I've managed to re-create Stacey's notes. Andy has been a wonderful help, it was a good suggestion on your part.  We had to start over; from the beginning you know? To make sure we would get it right. Once we have the same results as Stacey had, then we'll start in on the Clinical Trials. Things look promising." She sounded upbeat, her voice a breath of fresh air over the line.
"I'm glad,"  and I was. I was even glad I hadn't left my cell at the bungalow.
With all the major players in our drama, apart from Crystelle Forrester, dead, we had had quite a time clicking matching blocks in the puzzle together. Forensics, as usual were our most salient code breakers. Crystelle had disappeared; Satin and Lace, merely a collection of airless stuffy passages in a empty building, haunted with the whispered tones of Jena's supercilious voice.
Andy, Zef and Carmichael became the true detectives after the melt down at Crimeen. They gave us a plausible back-story that would have to suffice; after all it was all we had. Despite the general public's notion that crime is cleared up and swept away, all the loose ends cleanly knotted off, in reality it is nothing of the sort. Even if all the players are brought to book; shoved in front of judges and juries, rarely if ever do the true facts emerge. Criminals, by their very nature, are secretive beings. I contemplated all as I watched Marissa walk over the sandy beach towards me after her swim. I savored the image for a moment, relishing her obvious enjoyment of the sand and sea. She flopped down next to me.
"Who was that," her hair was dark, wet and shiny, slick over her tanned shoulders; her voice breathy from exertion.
"Nina." I turned onto my side, better to face her, narrowing my eyes at her against the sun.
"And?" Marissa began toweling her hair eyes on me; speculative, waiting for my news.
"Says they are moving forward with promise."
"Great! It's very hard to believe that we went through all we did, simply because Crimeen and the rest were afraid of diminishing profit margins, it's almost unbelievable. I would never have thought it possible ... it's so inhuman."
"Inhuman maybe, but not in-criminal, if there is such a word, they had a nice little operation going. On the underground level they were distributing money spinning illegal drugs through Satin and Lace. From what the team managed to glean on that shady operation, the girls were imported from Slavic countries with stories of becoming models out here. Once on our soil they were stripped of their independence; they couldn't communicate in any local dialect, and in every instance had little or no money to escape their situation. Their papers were forged and if they didn't do as they were told they could easily be abandoned to a merciless fate."\"God that's awful,"Marissa face scrunched~~up in horror, under the lopsided towel on her head.
"Very nasty indeed. Most of what we managed to uncover came from Damon's ex co-ordination manager. She became very helpful when faced with a possible prison term for aiding and abetting the distribution of drugs through the outlet of the nightclubs she managed. Carla's theory is that Damon wanted out after his nieces death, perhaps he threatened the organization with exposure, for whatever reason though he was merely a sidekick, a convenient fall guy cast as Stacey's murderer."
"The thing that scares me though," she said, letting the towel fall and then propping herself on one elbow to face me,"is that if they hadn't killed Seth they might have got away with the whole thing. You would think that the profits from street drugs would have been enough for them. It's ridiculous that they wanted to destroy Stacey's discovery for fear of it eliminating the necessity for expensive on going treatment."
"Not really, that was their upper level, their legal cash cow--prescription drugs and treatments. From what Nina and other sources have contributed, it's easy to estimate the size of those lost profits. Millions of people world wide are on cancer maintenance programs, such as chemo and various other therapies. An inoculation, even if it were administered to everyone on the planet, which is the idea Stacey had, would never replace the billions their coffers would lose. The figures are staggering. Consider that Alfax made half a billion last quarter and they are a spec in the ocean, a company like Pfizer makes, on average, thirteen to fourteen billion annually. Where there is room for profit in corruption there will always be a variant of it; that's a fact. Also, it's true what you say, if Seth hadn't been murdered we might not have realized that there was more to Stacey's death than they had wanted us to believe. The fibers under Seth's nails matched those from Damon's van. He must have come across it before they had had time to clean it; it was their biggest error, a chance encounter, whoever happened in on his finding shot him," I felt my regret rise unbidden an color my mood darker.
"Gosh, sorry, I didn't mean to remind you."
"Don't be sorry, it's not a bad thing to remember him."
"I guess. Frank, shouldn't we get a move on we have to meet Shiloh's plane in less than two hours. It's a long drive up the coast to King Shaka Airport?"
"Yeah, it's so beautiful here that its very hard to move."
"I know, but ..." She let her words hang, busying herself with collecting the paraphernalia of our beach excursion. I sat up, dusted myself off, and then stood to help her.
Marina beach, the setting for our getaway is a gorgeous strip of glistening open ocean sunk from the jut of mainland, into a cove of hewn rock. It leads from the cliff to a wind protected silky beach that stretches out over a scenic lagoon, towards a curved headland of natural bush before blending into the sea as the land drifts away to water. I doubt that there is a more idyllic spot on earth. We needed to recuperate from the injuries we had suffered at the rough hands of Crimeen, it was Natasha who had convinced us to attempt that recovery together; Natasha was a special person, she was flying in with her sister, and I must admit I was looking forward to seeing them both.
We climbed the natural carved stone stairs on the cliff's lee, it led up to the beach's parking lot.  Marissa, climbed ahead of me carrying most of our stuff; she had insisted saying that her injuries were older and better healed than mine. It was no use arguing with her.
"It's such a sinister thought that the Wade family had been watching Stacey all her life, that Jena's father might have killed her parents in that car crash. Do you think they had been watching her, or was it coincidental?"
"I don't know, Marissa, but even Jared's grandmother thought that her daughter and Paul Cornish were killed by Ivor and his gang. If the did murder her family I hope they didn't tell her before they killed her, it would not have been good knowledge to die with."
"No, it wouldn't" my wife shuddered at the ominous thought then continued up the path in silence allowing the ghastly idea to linger.
Marissa wanted to drive so we stashed our beach things into the boot, shook off the sand and settled ourselves in the car before pulling off up the winding, treed road, which led out of the beautiful seaside town. On the highway, Marissa resumed her questioning.
"Besides saving the world, one of the cleverest things Stacey did was to hide her precious formula in such an obvious place. Frank, I must ask why do you think she did that?"
"I can only guess, but when I spoke to Nina she said that the lab was broken into twice. On the second occasion there was very little incentive for robbery. Andy thinks that Stacey might have been working late without mentioning the fact to the anyone, something she regularly did. Perhaps Crimeen's gang had been shadowing her waiting for an opportunity to grab her. It's possible that they smashed into the lab and kidnapped her, she probably hid it in the nearest convenient space ... It's something we can only speculate about; we'll never know," Marissa grew pensive at this revelation.
"Lucky, then, I suppose that Nina found it,"
"Yeah," I returned, rolling down the window to get a whiff of the balmy coastal air. They could so easily have escaped unnoticed, all our investigations would, probably, have come to nought, or have taken a very long time to bear fruit. The only thing we really did right was to have our ears in Stephen's office at the right time. If Nina had not found Stacey's journal and approached him with it I couldn't bear to imagine what the outcome might have been.
The trip up to Umhlanga the town that hosted the Durban Airport, was not overly long. We were in the waiting area in under an hour. Marissa and I watched the arrivals hall for a glimpse of our daughters. I think I saw Shiloh first then her entourage. She had not mentioned that she would be bringing Jared with her, but there he was, between my girls looking for all the world as if that was where he belonged. I turned to Marissa just in time to see a goofy grin steal across her features; she took my hand in hers.


