Unforeseen Consequences
By D.E. Haggerty

Copyright 2013-2014 D.E. Haggerty
All rights reserved.
Smashwords Edition

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Unforeseen Consequences is a work of fiction. Names, places, characters, and incidents are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to living persons, living or dead is entirely coincidental. The incidents depicted are pure imagination.


I stop and look back
All I see is black
I push the dark aside
And there you are
Holding my hand
Catching me when I stumble
Oh how do I get the dark to retreat?
And find my way back to you?
And who I was before

Chapter 1
The Lawyer
Present Day
Not now, thought Amy. That stupid fucking phone never stops ringing. It wasn’t paying attention to Amy though, just continuing to ring. Brrrrring, Brrrring, Brrrring. Amy let it. She didn’t have an answering machine, and if someone couldn’t reach her at home, they could try one of her many other lines. If it was important, there was always a way to reach her. Because of her job, people thought it gave them the green light to get in touch with her at all hours. Amy didn’t agree.
The phone finally stopped ringing and Amy breathed a sigh of relief. She was already late and didn’t need another distraction. She had just finished putting her fingers through her third pair of panty hose. Why don’t they make these stupid things sturdier? And, she needed to be in court in less than half an hour. She wanted to rip her stupid skirt off and put on some normal pants but, Judge Tight Ass Conservative would have a field day with that.
Amy was nervous. Despite being a partner in a well-respected law firm, she didn’t go to court much. She concentrated on corporate law and the occasional international arbitration case. She wasn’t a litigator, had never been a litigator and frankly, didn’t want to be one. Then this case had come along and pushed on her that she could hardly refuse. Partners still needed to have billable hours after all.
Amy parked her luxury SUV in the courthouse parking lot. The damn thing being too bulky and difficult to park, she didn’t particularly care for it. Especially since it reminded her of another vehicle she had driven in another part of her life that was best left forgotten. But one has to keep up appearances. So, it was either the SUV or a German luxury vehicle. At least this thing was manufactured in America.
Glancing at her watch, Amy noticed she had exactly two minutes to get from the parking lot to Judge Stevenson’s courtroom. Fuck, I’m never gonna make it. She grabbed her briefcase, which weighed a ton and started out at a jog. She reached the courtroom just as the morning session convened.
The court session didn’t last long. It was only a preliminary motion. While walking with her client out of the courtroom, Amy explained the next step in the process and reassured her client that she would be in touch very soon. After they parted, she walked to her car, sat down in the driver’s seat and laid her forehead on top of the steering wheel.
What the hell am I doing? I don’t know anything about trying this case, she thought as she not-so-gently pounded her forehead against the steering wheel. About once a month, Amy decided that she was the worst lawyer in history and didn’t know anything. She would work extra non-billable hours researching and reassuring herself that she could handle whatever case was causing her anxiety. Eventually, the feeling would pass – but not for long.
Lately, however, this feeling of incompetence was more frequent. Six months earlier, Amy was made a partner at her firm. It was what she wanted. For five years as an associate, she had worked 60, 70 and sometimes even 80 hours a week and the hard work had finally paid off. She was one of the youngest partners in her firm.
But the partnership had its own set of problems. Now, Amy was responsible for bringing in clients. Plus, her minimum billable hours were increased. How she was supposed to have time for both marketing the firm and billing hours, she didn’t know. Not to mention the fact that associates kept asking her for advice on their cases, as if she knew everything now that she was a partner. Fat chance of that. 
You can do this. You can do this. Just take one step at a time, chanted Amy to the steering wheel. Amy took a few deep breaths and calmed herself. After a few minutes, she was sufficiently calm to carry on with the day. She put the car in gear and drove out of the parking lot. The office would be wondering where she was and she needed to get some work done. Stressing herself out in the courthouse parking lot would not do any good. Get a grip, you dumb ass.
Amy’s office was only about a five minute walk from the courthouse. Despite the fact that her firm hadn’t built a grand reputation as litigators, it was prestigious enough to have an office in the vicinity. It was actually quicker to walk. The traffic was always horrible in this area of downtown.
Hooooonk!!!! “Get the fuck out of the way or drive, you dumb ass,” yelled Amy. “Stupid fucking tourists. Why don’t they take the El?” Amy had no patience for slow drivers who didn’t know where they were going. Eventually, the road cleared and Amy was able to pull into the underground parking garage. When she entered the office building, it was already 11 a.m. A late start to the day.
Amy quickly climbed the five floors up to her office. As she walked through the corridor, she greeted the secretaries and other attorneys she passed. Her office was in the corner since all partners had corner offices. Perks of partnership.
She reached her office and stopped at her secretary’s desk. “Good morning, Mary. Any messages?”
Mary stood as she handed Amy a stack of phone messages. “I’ve been trying to reach you all morning. Is your cell not working?”
“Shit, I forgot to turn it back on after I got out of court. Sorry, anything urgent?” Amy quickly reached into her bag and turned her phone back on.
“Your one o’clock appointment wanted to reschedule for noon. Is that okay?”
Amy looked at her watch. “Damn, that leaves me less than an hour. Do I have anything else on my schedule?”
Mary glanced down at the print out of Amy’s daily schedule. “You have a staff meeting at three and another client meeting at five.” Mary handed the print out to Amy.  She didn’t even glance down at it. She trusted Mary with her schedule. She had no choice, especially since she didn’t have time to deal with it. 
“Alright, noon is fine. I need some time to prepare so if anyone calls, please inform them I’m in a meeting.”
Amy grabbed her messages and headed into her office. She closed the door behind her. It may have been considered taboo at the office to close your door, but she needed some time to work. She threw the messages on a corner of her desk and picked up the mail Mary had put on her chair. The pile ended up on top of the messages. If anything was urgent, Mary would have told her. Everything else would have to wait until after her meeting.
The day proceeded to go by quickly which wasn’t surprising. At half-past seven, Amy noticed she was hungry. She decided to pack up and call it a day. There were only a few people left in the building when she left. She walked by a few offices to tell people good night, a habit from the early years. She knew it was important for people to know that she was working long hours. Sacrificing time didn’t mean a damn if no one knew. Face time, very important in a law firm. Amy hated it, but she knew she had to play the game if she wanted to get ahead and it seemed to be working so far.
From her car Amy ordered Thai take out since she didn’t have time or the inclination to cook. Her day was far from over. She still needed to return phone calls and catch up on some reading. Her food wasn’t ready when she reached the Thai restaurant so she ordered a beer and sat down to start a to-do list while she waited. Making to-do lists made Amy feel like she had some semblance of control over her life.
Sometime later, Amy pulled into her driveway. She put the car in the garage and headed in the house to a ringing phone. Damn phone. Amy dropped her thing things and ran for it.
“Hello…. Hello!”
“Amy, is that you?””
“Who’s this?”
The caller laughed. “Amy, how the hell are you?”
“Charlie, is that you?”
“You better believe it.” 
The two old friends spoke for a while but by the time Amy put down the phone, her hands were shaking and beads of sweat had formed on her face. Shit, I thought all that was behind us.

Chapter 2
The Homemaker
Present Day
Beep, beep, beep, beep…..Charlotte quickly turned and hit the OFF button on the alarm clock. She checked to make sure that the alarm hadn’t woken Bill but he was fast asleep, snoring as usual. Quietly getting out of bed, she quickly tiptoed to the bathroom. There was so much to do before Bill got up.
Less than an hour later, Charlotte had dressed, woken the children and made breakfast. Time to wake Bill. Charlotte opened the curtains in their bedroom and walked over to Bill. She gently shook his shoulder and whispered his name.
“Hmmmmmm. Good morning, sugar. Time to get up already?”
Charlotte smiled at the rare endearment. “Uh huh, it’s already seven. Take your shower; breakfast is ready.”
Bill climbed out of bed and headed for the bathroom. “What’s for breakfast?”
“Waffles.”
“Homemade, I hope,” Bill sighed.
Charlotte smiled and shut the bedroom door.
Downstairs was orderly chaos. Charlotte and Bill’s two children; Sarah and Beau were fighting over the maple syrup. “Mom!” They yelled in unison. There was no time to listen to the argument; she merely grabbed the maple syrup from their hands. Putting it out of their reach, she grabbed two plates, put one waffle on each and covered it with syrup being careful to add extra syrup for Beau.
She placed the plates in front of them. “There. Now, sit down and eat or you’ll be late for school.”
Sarah and Beau now started a contest to see who could finish their waffle first. Charlotte let them. She still needed to clean up the mess in the kitchen before Bill came downstairs. Bill didn’t like a messy kitchen. 
The children were on their second waffle when Bill arrived.
“Daddy, daddy.” 
Bill smiled, kissed Sarah and rumpled Beau’s hair. Charlotte placed a plate with waffles in front of Bill as he sat down.
“Syrup?”
“Sorry.” Charlotte grabbed the syrup from its hiding place and handed it to Bill.
“How did you sleep, dear?” Charlotte asked but Bill had already opened the morning paper that she had set next to his plate. She turned to the children. “Okay, you two, go wash your hands and grab your bags.” Sarah and Beau ran off. Charlotte checked her watch, she was on schedule.
Charlotte quickly packed the children’s lunches and found their backpacks. By the time the children came running down the stairs, everything was ready. “Go, get in the car and I’ll be out in a flash.” The children headed out the door. “Don’t forget to kiss your daddy good-bye.” They ran to their father and together they quickly kissed him on either side of his cheeks.
Charlotte stood over Bill and waited for him to look up. He didn’t. “Bill, we’re leaving. Will you be home on time tonight?”
“What’s that?” His eyes remained focused on the newspaper. “Ummm no, I have a business dinner. I’ll be home late. Don’t wait up.”
Charlotte bent down and kissed his cheek. “Bye” She headed outside where her children were fighting over who could ride shotgun. Somehow, Charlotte got the children in the car and to school on time.
She felt as if a little miracle occurred every day that she managed to be on time to school. Who knew that the children would be so much work? In the beginning, she had been excited about having twins. They only wanted two children anyway and this way, she’d be finished with childbearing in one shot. It just wasn’t as easy as that.
Charlotte sighed and headed for the grocery store. She needed to pick up the pace because her morning schedule was packed. She needed to get groceries, drop off Bill’s shirts at the dry cleaner, take Bill’s package to the post office and she had a meeting at the Red Cross where she was the secretary, so she couldn’t miss that. That was only the morning schedule.
In the afternoon, she needed to be at the school to pick up the children. Then drive Sarah to ballet practice and Beau to soccer practice. Of course, they were on opposite sides of the town. By the time she dropped Beau off, it was time to head back to pick up Sarah. Luckily, she didn’t need to make an elaborate meal for dinner tonight. Bill wouldn’t be home anyway. Maybe she’d pick up pizza, but Bill didn’t like the children eating pizza. He thought the children should get into healthy eating habits from a young age. Usually, Charlotte agreed.
Charlotte wasn’t able to keep to her schedule all of the time. More often than not, something went wrong. The children got sick, Bill needed a new tie or the dry cleaner lost his shirt. But today, everything was on schedule. That always worried Charlotte, as if something big was about to go wrong.
After she picked Sarah up from ballet and Beau from soccer practice, they headed home. She made the kids a snack and sent them out to play. While they were outside, Charlotte had time to clean the kitchen and prepare dinner. She also needed to do some laundry to make sure Bill had clean underwear and t-shirts.
Bill wasn’t home so Charlotte ate with the kids and after dinner she bathed them and tucked them into bed. Every night she read to the children for a half-hour. Charlotte’s Web was the story of choice this week. It was the third or fourth time the children had chosen this story.
When Sarah and Beau had finally fallen asleep, Charlotte sat down in the living room to read. She was reading a book Bill recommended, promising it was all the rage right now. She didn’t like the book but thought it was important to keep up with some reading. Between the kids, Bill and the house, she didn’t have much time for intellectual endeavors lately. She was afraid that she had forgotten everything she had ever learned in high school and college.
Despite being a housewife and stay at home mother, Charlotte had attended college. She graduated top in her class with a bachelor’s degree in English literature. She had been teaching high school and working on her master’s degree when she met Bill. When they decided to marry, Bill suggested she stay at home and work full-time on her degree. They could afford it. Bill was vice-president of the biggest bank in town.
When Charlotte got pregnant with the twins, she was too sick to continue studying. When the twins came along, she was too tired to deal with anything but the twins. Now the twins were six years old and she still didn’t have the time. She was too exhausted to really care about going back to school anyway. Sometimes though, just sometimes, she wished that she hadn’t quit, that they had waited to have children. Mostly she thought that on nights like these, when the twins were in bed and Bill wasn’t home – wouldn’t be home for hours yet. Then, she felt lonely and useless. Not that having the twins wasn’t fulfilling. But it wasn’t everything either. At least not tonight.
The phone rang and Charlotte grabbed it before the noise woke the twins. 
“Hello?” 
“Charlie, is that you?”
Charlotte’s heart skipped a beat. There were only three women who called her Charlie and she didn’t want to speak to any of them. “I’m sorry. You must have the wrong number.”
“Charlie! Don’t be such a snob. It’s me!”
Charlotte hadn’t heard that voice in years. Even so, she knew exactly who it was. She contemplated hanging up the phone. After all, that part of her life was over. No one needed to know about it either.
“Charlie, come on. Say something.” Charlotte was paralyzed and didn’t respond. “Okay, if you won’t speak then at least listen. Tomorrow, ten a.m. Watch C-SPAN II. Bye.”
Charlotte put the phone back in its cradle and sat very still, waiting for her heartbeat to return to normal. She hadn’t spoken to the caller in years, so what could possibly have happened to cause that person to ring her now? With conviction, she picked up her book and shoved the thoughts from her mind.
All the determination in the world couldn’t help Charlotte fall asleep that night. No matter how hard she tried, questions kept arising in her head. What was she talking about? What could be so important? What could C-Span possibly have to do with me? Careful not to wake Bill, Charlotte got out of bed and went to the living room. She checked the TV Guide but it didn’t have any program information concerning C-Span. Charlotte wasn’t even sure if they had C-Span II. The twins were the only ones who watched television. She turned it on, careful to mute the sound and flipped through the channels until she found C-Span II. Well, they had the channel. But what is this all about? 
The next morning was the same as usual being busy as ever making breakfast, getting the kids off to school on time and taking care of Bill. There was a book club meeting at ten but Charlotte hadn’t decided whether to go or not yet. She hadn’t managed to finish the book, but that had never stopped her from attending before.
A bit later, Charlotte hopped in her car and headed for the book club meeting. Who cares about C-Span? It has nothing to do with me. But Charlotte couldn’t turn off her curiosity and the dread building in her stomach. Why the late call last night? What could possibly be that exciting on C-Span of all places?
With an irritated sigh, Charlotte turned the car around. By the time she got home, it was already past ten. She ran into the living room without taking off her coat and turned on the television. It took a while to understand what was happening. First, there was an introduction of the members of some committee, followed by some introductory remarks. Finally, they got down to business and explained the proceedings.
Charlotte’s heart stopped. Her hand opened and the remote dropped silently to the floor. How could this be? After all these years, who could possibly know? What am I going to do?

Chapter 3
The battered wife
Present Day
Jo saw the police lights before she heard the sirens. Billy couldn’t see the lights, since he wasn’t facing the windows. Not that he would have noticed anyway. He was too intent on cutting her. That’s the way it worked with Billy, he became so infuriated that his world narrowed to nothing but the force to hurt her.
So, Jo told him. “Stop! Stop! The police are here!” Usually, Jo would never beg Billy to stop. She’d tried that and it didn’t work. But this was different. If she didn’t warn him, he would just be angrier. What good would that do?
Billy didn’t believe Jo but just to make sure, he turned around and looked out the window. “Shit!” He released Jo and she fell. He grabbed his car keys and headed out the back door.
Billy was long gone by the time the doorbell rang. Jo opened the door without hesitation. She knew the drill. She opened the door or the police found a way to get it open. She didn’t need a front door to repair on top of everything.
“Good evening, ma’am. May we come in?” The male police officer asked accompanied by a female one in uniform also. Normal protocol. There’s always a man in case the husband’s violent and a women for calming the wife down.
Jo took the security chain off the door and opened the door wide. She turned and walked into the living room without uttering a word. The room was a mess. Billy was on fire tonight. The couch and chairs were tipped over and broken glass littered the floor. Jo righted one of the chairs and sat down. Still she didn’t say anything. What was there to say?
“Is your husband home, ma’am?” Jo shook her head. “Mind if we check, just to be sure?” Jo shook her head again and gestured with her arm to indicate go ahead. 
While the male officer headed down the hallway to look for Billy, the female officer righted the other chair and sat down. Oh boy, here comes the sympathy lecture. Jo had heard it all before being somewhat intimately acquainted with visits from the police.
The male officer returned. “There’s no one else here. Where did he go?”
Jo shrugged. “Who knows?” Who cares? He would be out all night but where, she didn’t know.
“Do you wanna press charges?” Jo shook her head. Of course she wouldn’t. That would only make things worse. What’s the sense in that? 
“Ma’am, you really should consider it. We can’t be coming out here every night.” They made a half-hearted effort to convince her to file charges for a few minutes. But the officers knew a lost cause when they saw one. 
“You should really get a doctor to look at that. We can drive you to the ER.” The woman, trying a different tactic, pointed to a cut on Jo’s arm. Billy had decided that his fists weren’t good enough tonight. He’d broken a beer bottle and begun to cut her with it. The cuts weren’t bad though. The police had shown up too soon.
The hospital was a bad idea. Doctors would ask questions and that wouldn’t be good. Jo took a deep breath and shook her head. No, she didn’t want to go to the hospital. 
“If you don’t want to go to the hospital, at least get that bleeding stopped.” Jo looked at her arm. The cut wasn’t bad but it was still bleeding. The woman officer went into the kitchen and grabbed a dishtowel, which she proceeded to wrap around the cut. 
“Keep pressure on it until it stops bleeding. If it doesn’t stop bleeding, you really should see a doctor.” Jo just stopped herself from rolling her eyes and yelling, DUH! Instead she nodded politely and aimed her eyes to the floor.
The police stayed for a while longer giving Jo the usual lecture about domestic violence, women’s shelters, restraining orders, etc. Jo knew better than to ask for help. Billy could find her anywhere, as he had done time and time again. When Jo half-heartedly promised to go to the doctor if the bleeding didn’t stop, the police finally left.
After they left, Jo cleaned up. She had plenty of time. Afraid of the police, Billy wouldn’t be back tonight. When she finished, Jo sat down on the couch. What had started him off today? Jo had made the mistake of saying she wanted to get a job. Billy was complaining about money and Jo offered to get a job. That pissed Billy off. Yelling that, no wife of his was going to work. He would take care of her and that was that.
Jo liked to think she could prevent the beatings. If only she could learn not to set him off, but his anger was unpredictable. No matter what she tried, Jo couldn’t prevent his anger. It was unstoppable.
Billy was anxious the next day. He was always like that after the police had visited. He was afraid of going back to jail, having already spent six months in jail for shoplifting. He got out early, for good behavior, but still had two more years of probation. Two years during which he couldn’t afford to have any run-ins with the cops.
“I didn’t say anything Billy, honestly.” If Billy thought she had said anything, he’d beat the ever loving crap out of her.
Billy was holding Jo by the wrist. He twisted so that Jo cried out in pain. “Ya sure about that?” Jo nodded and Billy let go.
“How ‘bout some supper then?” Jo turned and walked toward the kitchen and Billy playfully slapped her butt. Great, now he’s gonna want to get lucky tonight. Oh yeah, I’m really in the mood.
The phone rang while Jo was putting supper on the table. She glanced at Billy. He didn’t like anything interrupting his meal. Nervously, she picked up the phone.
“Hello.”
“Hi, Jo. How are you?”
“I can’t talk right now.” 
“Are you still with that ape?” Jo glanced at Billy who was listening and watching with squinting eyes.
“I really can’t talk now.” 
“You are still with that ape! Listen, I won’t take long. Tomorrow’s paper. Read the Government section. Oh and Jo, get rid of that asshole.”
“Who was that?”
“No one.”
“No one! You sure didn’t act like it was no one!” Billy stood and walked toward Jo grabbing her arm and twisting it painfully behind her back.
“It was no one important Billy. Just an old friend. You don’t know her.”
His anger flared. Billy didn’t like to be reminded of a time when Jo had nearly gotten away. Billy stretched her arm further, anymore and her arm would break. Knowing better than to break bones, Billy let go of her arm and started to unbuckle his belt. 
Jo couldn’t sit the next day. She looked in the mirror. Her face didn’t look too bad; nothing a little make-up wouldn’t cover. She normally didn’t go outside after a bad night, but today she didn’t have any choice. She had to buy a newspaper.
The nearest store was a thirty-minute walk. Not having enough money for two cars, Jo’s only mode of transportation was her feet. She bought the newspaper and decided to wait until she was home to read it. 
While walking home with the newspaper under her arm, Jo tried to think of a reason why Laura would be calling her about the paper. How had Laura found her anyway and what was so important about a newspaper? She and Billy had moved several times since she’d last spoken to Laura.
When Jo got home, she laid down on her stomach in the living room and spread the paper in front of her.  She shuffled around the papers until she found the Government Section. It didn’t take long to figure out what Laura called about. It was right there on page one of the Government section. Her heart stopped and her breath caught as she read the article. How could this be?
First things first, she needed to destroy the newspaper. Billy would kill her if he knew she’d spent his money on this. Newspapers were luxury items. Money shouldn’t be wasted on such things. Jo picked up the paper and put it in the trashcan to burn it. 
Her hands shook as she lit the match. What the hell were they going to do?

Chapter 4
The addict
Present Day
She needed a fix. And she needed one bad. But she was out of cash. So she lay in the bed and tried to overcome the urge. She stared at her shaking hands until little beads of sweat began to form on her forehead. It was no good. She couldn’t fight the urge. Hell, she didn’t even want to fight the urge. She had to get her hands on some cash somehow. 
She climbed slowly out of bed and began pacing the floor. How can I get my hands on some dough? She paced back and forth, back and forth, trying to figure out a way, but she knew there was only one way. One sure-fire way to quickly get her hands on some cold-hard cash. Do I really need a hit that bad? 
She dug through the clothes piled on top of a chair in the corner of her room. They were dirty-grimy almost, but she didn’t care. She pulled out a black skirt and red blouse. No tights. They would only get in the way.
After pulling on the clothes, she looked in the mirror and assessed herself. She didn’t look that bad. Her face was a little puffy, but nothing a bit of make-up wouldn’t hide. The hair was a different matter; it was a tangled mess. Deciding not to deal with it, she pulled it back into a messy ponytail. Finished, she took a last look in the mirror, grabbed her keys and headed for the door. She didn’t look back as she headed into the night. 
Her name was Laura Brown but no one in the area knew that. To them, she was just plain L. It was better that way, no reason to get too close to anyone. She’d be heading off to somewhere else soon enough.
She lived in a small room in the desperate part of town. The area the tourists avoided, unless they wanted to score. Everything was for sale here: drugs, sex, bodies, as long as you had the cash. Laura was attracted to the anonymity. No one knew her here and no one could find her here. She didn’t know if anyone was looking, but she wasn’t going to take the chance. It comforted her – knowing that no one knew where she was.
And, it had to be said; she also liked the ability to score quickly and easily. No fuss drug buying. The police avoided this area of town, had given up on the people in it long ago. The second they closed down one drug dealer, another one sprang up. What was the point?
But in order to score, you needed cash. Laura tried working regular jobs: waitressing, grocery clerk and other small positions. Things always started out well. She was punctual and worked hard, but it never lasted long. The need would return. She would try to fight it, but her resolve was never strong enough. It didn’t take long to get fired after she started using again. By then she wouldn’t even care.
She’d just been fired from a job in a liquor store. Getting a job there had been easy at first since no one else wanted to work in a seedy all-night store that was regularly robbed. Laura didn’t mind though. Burglary was a regular occurrence in her apartment building after all. 
Even working at a job no one would take, Laura got fired. It ended when they caught her stealing a bottle of tequila. She said she would pay for it, but only half-heartedly. So now she was out of a job and in desperate need of a fix. Even if she could get a job right away, which she doubted, she wouldn’t be paid for a few weeks. Not gonna happen, she needed cash now.
There was only one way to get cash quickly and fairly painlessly: hooking. She’d done it before in times like this. In the beginning she thought it was disgusting, but it didn’t take long to get used to it. She always insisted on using condoms, which she bought and she never did any of the freaky things.
Laura walked to her favorite corner. It was still early and most of the girls hadn’t come out yet. The few that were, greeted her but Laura kept to herself. She hadn’t come out to chit chat with the hookers.
It was a long wait before any clients came. The clients were easy to spot, slowing their cars down as they approached the corner and looking around nervously. They had every reason to be nervous. Although the cops left the drug dealers alone, they loved to bother the hookers. Every few months or so, the police would come out in force and arrest everyone in the vicinity of the corner. It didn’t matter if you were walking home from school or the grocery store, if you were at the corner, you were wrong.
The other girls walked out to the cars and pushed themselves on the men but not Laura. She hung back, waiting for an opportunity.
She had been standing there for about an hour when the black car slowly drove by. Government license plates. Pay dirt. The girls immediately ran out to the car prancing around offering their services. The man waved them away.
“Hey you,” he yelled looking straight at her. Laura checked behind herself to make sure. No one was there. “Yes you.” Laura pointed to herself and he nodded while beckoning for her to come to the car. Casually, Laura walked over.
“What can I do for you?” As if she didn’t know.
The man didn’t bother to answer her direct question. “How much?”
Laura thought quickly. Obviously the guy had money. “Two hundred.” 
He smiled. “Get in.”
Laura shook her head and held out her hand. “Cash up front.”
The man took two crisp one hundred-dollar bills from his wallet and handed them to Laura. She stuffed them into her purse and got in the car. She usually wouldn’t get into a car with a client but she decided to take the risk. The guy was government and even had a chauffeur. He didn’t look like an axe murderer either. Not that she would know what one looked like.
On the man’s nod, the chauffeur took off. They drove to a small motel along the highway that had seen better days but even in its better days probably wasn’t the most fashionable. No matter how run down it was, it looked like heaven to Laura. The driver went to reception and returned with a key.
Laura and the man went into a room and as he lay on top of Laura, she tried to think of other times, other places. She made all the right noises but otherwise, she didn’t pay much attention to the man. When he rolled off of her, she got up and went to the bathroom to clean herself.
After quickly washing up and dressing, she checked her purse to make sure the two hundred dollars was still there. With relief, she noted it was. When she left the bathroom, the man was laying on the bed smoking. He began to talk. Oh God, he’s a talker. 
The man began to tell her about his job. Boring, but better than hearing about a wife who didn’t understand him. He pompously began, making it clear how important he thought he was but quickly it became obvious he was worried. Laura had seen this before. A man who needed to talk to someone who could be trusted not to talk or wouldn’t be believed if they did.
With a sigh, Laura sat on the edge of the bed and grabbed the man’s cigarette settling in for the long haul. After almost an hour, the man became quiet. So intent on telling his story, he hadn’t realized the effect he was having on Laura. Her heart was beating fast and her hands were clammy. 
“My driver will take you back. Tell him to pick me up after he drops you off.” He got up and headed for the bathroom. 
Laura nodded and started to leave. “Wait.” She stopped and turned and saw the man had his wallet open. “Here’s another hundred for listening.” With shaking hands, Laura took the money and nearly ran to the car.
The car arrived at her building but she didn’t know how they got there. Her mind was in a whirlwind, not believing what she had just heard. She hurried to her room and ran to the bathroom just reaching the toilet in time to throw up. After she was done emptying her stomach, she sank to the bathroom floor crying.
Oh my God. How can this be happening? Why did I have to get in a car with that man? Why couldn’t it have been someone else? Why did he have to talk? Tell me all that stuff. Shit! Fuck! I would’ve been better off not knowing. Now that I know, what am I going to do? 
She sat on the floor alone and continued to cry not knowing what to do. Finally, she pulled herself off the floor, cleaned her face and brushed her teeth. Well, I’ll warn the others. It’s the least I can do.

Chapter 5
Basic bonding
Sometime in the Past
The bus pulled up to the gate and stopped before the lowered barriers. After a quick rap of knuckles, the driver opened the door. A military policeman – an MP as the people in the bus would come to know – climbed the stairs into the bus and the driver handed him a clipboard. He quickly reviewed the papers attached to the clipboard before walking down the aisle to count heads. Finished, he handed the clipboard back to the driver and nodded – satisfied everything was in order.
He started down the bus stairs but then stopped and turned around. “Welcome to Fort McClellan,” he yelled and chuckled. Forty pairs of startled eyes stared at him wondering what was funny.
After the MP got off the bus, the driver closed the door and drove on. It was pitch black outside, no buildings in site and barely any street lamps in evidence. The forty men and women – kids actually – on the bus stared nervously outside at the bleak, dark, emptiness of it all; their stomachs in knots, wondering if they would survive the next few months.
In the furthest two seats sat four women, the only women on the bus. They were strangers and didn’t speak to each other. Covertly, under their lashes, they glanced at each other. They would spend the next few months living in close quarters with these women. Each one of them was bombarded with questions about the only other females. What were they doing here? Were they running away from or running towards something?
After only a few minutes of driving through the darkness, the bus pulled into a driveway and stopped. Outside, the driveway led to an awkward, square building ironically marked “Reception” as if they had just arrived at a resort for a week of fun and sun instead of at an Army installation for months of what they assumed would be torturous training. As the people on the bus stared, a man dressed in uniform walked out of the building and advanced toward the bus. The driver opened the door without further ado and the man jumped right into the center of the aisle. 
“Good evening, I’m Sgt. Stills. Welcome to Fort McClellan.” The man spoke clearly and didn’t look too menacing – to the great relief of the bus passengers. “After exiting this bus,” he continued, “you will follow me over to the reception area. There, you will be issued a set of bedding. Clear?”
A few people mumbled yes or nodded.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t hear you,” he was now bellowing.
“Yes, Sergeant!” yelled the group in response. 
Quietly and somewhat hesitatingly, the passengers filed off the bus and entered a back door to the reception area. The building had already been locked up for the night and was therefore dark, uninhabited and – at least to the bus passengers – spooky and menacing. Filing in a single line, each person was issued standard Army bedding: two green woolen blankets, two white cotton sheets and a white cotton pillowcase. After everyone had gone through the line, the group was divided by sex: men to the left, women to the right. The men followed Sgt. Stills to their barracks while the four women followed a woman dressed in civilian clothing. 
The woman led the four to the female barracks. When they entered, the guard – who was sitting just inside the entrance – stood. “Good evening, ma’am.”
The ‘civilian’ nodded. “I’ve got four brand new recruits here. Show them how to make up their beds.” Then she turned to the four women. “Breakfast is at oh-six hundred. Make sure you’re on time.” With that, she left. No ‘sleep well’, ‘see you in the morning’ or even ‘good luck’. 
The four women stood in a daze, staring at the door the woman had just exited. After a few moments, they turned to stare at the guard. What now?
“Come on, follow me.” The guard led them to the rear of the barracks where four bunks stood empty and showed the newbies how to make up their beds. The girls had a hard time but the guard assured them that they’d get used to it. She told them to sleep on top of the blankets so they wouldn’t need to make the beds in the morning. It was eighty degrees outside; no one would be sleeping under woolen blankets that night anyway.  
With the beds made, the four girls looked at each other nervously. Finally, one of them got up the nerve to ask the guard what Basic Training was like, but the guard shrugged and explained that she too had just arrived today. Then she walked away to wake up the next person for guard duty.
Alone again, the four girls sat nervously on one of the beds and introduced themselves to each other: Amy, Charlotte, Josephine and Laura. Introductions done and exhausted, they climbed into their bunks and lay down – too nervous for any more conversation.
“Good morning ladies! Time to wakey wakey! It’s going to be a wonderful Army day!” The sergeant yelled at the top of her lungs while beating a stick against a garbage can. The girls slowly began to climb out of their bunks while the sergeant walked up and down the barrack’s aisle. The girl in the second row closest to the door didn’t climb out of bed quick enough and was shocked by the sound of the stick hitting the metal bed frame next to her head. Thus spurred, it took mere seconds for the rest of the women to jump out of bed.
“You’ve got fifteen minutes to get your butts outside in formation before chow. Now – move it!” The sergeant strode out of the room.
That first morning was beyond hectic. Picture twenty women trying to get ready in fifteen minutes with only two toilets and two sinks at their disposal; make-up and hairstyling were quickly abandoned. Those women who had already been issued uniforms struggled with hats, boots and buckles. How were the pant legs supposed to be tucked in again?
Fourteen minutes later, the female recruits were racing outside to a cement courtyard adjacent to the barracks where most of the men were already standing in platoon formation. The girls that had arrived a few days earlier, showed the new arrivals how to line up. They were still shuffling around when four sergeants walked out of a building adjacent to the barracks. The shuffling immediately stopped.
After roll was called and the sergeants showed the latest recruits how to properly stand in formation, the group was marched to the dining hall. When they reached the intended building, there was already a long line. The other companies, that didn’t have new recruits that didn’t know how to stand in formation, had arrived earlier. The drill sergeants, never ones to waste valuable Army time, began to lecture the new recruits while they waited in line. They demonstrated standing at ease and at attention. They explained the procedures for the dining hall: one tray, two glasses of water, one hot food item and one cold. 
While the drill sergeants droned on, the recruits stood sweating in the heat. It may have only been 6 a.m. but it was already eighty degrees outside. Any hope of a refreshing breeze was nonexistent. It was muggy and humid making the air stifling. Ants crawled over the sidewalk and bees swarmed around their heads.
Amy and Charlotte were standing next to each other with Josephine and Laura immediately behind them. Amy and Charlotte were ignoring the drill sergeants as their concentration was on the bee that was flying haphazardly around their heads. As it came towards them, they both ducked. Behind them, Josephine and Laura laughed.
“What are you guys, afraid of a little bee?” teased Laura. Amy and Charlotte shook their heads but Josephine and Laura continued to tease them. 
None of the four noticed that the sergeants were no longer talking, but instead, staring at the four of them. They were startled when one sergeant – standing all of a sudden next to Laura – yelled, “You four. Out of formation, now!” 
They looked at each other and slowly left the line. “All four of you, give me ten push-ups each.”
The girls got down on the grass and attempted to do push-ups but none of them quite knew how to do an Army one. While they made miserable attempts, the sergeant lectured the group. “There will be no talking in formation! There will be no movement in formation! Even if a bee stings you, you are not to move. Understood?!”
“Yes, sergeant!”
Finished with his lecture, the sergeant looked down at the four girls. “What a pathetic group you are! Not one good push-up between the lot of you. Get up! Back in formation! And this time, shut up!” They scrambled to their feet and ran back to the formation. The line had closed where they were standing and they were forced to the end of the line.
Despite the humiliation of the past few minutes or maybe because of it, the four were trying hard not to laugh. “Don’t look at me,” cried Amy. “I’m gonna pee my pants, I want to laugh so bad.” With that, Josephine and Laura couldn’t hold it anymore and dissolved into giggles. Amy and Charlotte joined them. Luckily, the sergeants had just entered the mess hall to check on how long the wait would be. The recruits in front of the four shushed them, urging them to be quiet. Luckily when the sergeants came out of the mess hall, the four were able to control themselves.
The doors opened and the recruits filed in. By the time the four girls entered the mess hall, most of the food was gone and the place was packed. They had just sat down to eat when a sergeant entered the hall and yelled. “You’ve got two minutes to finish your chow and line up outside.” For emphasis, he added, “NOW MOVE!”
The dining hall erupted into chaos. Everyone scrambled to their feet and ran to put their trays away. The four girls tried desperately to shove some food into their mouths before returning their trays. They rushed outside and scrambled to stand in formation. 
The rest of the day was spent standing in lines. First, a line to get a cash advance. Every recruit was given an advance of a hundred and fifty dollars whether they wanted it or not. Next up was the medical check-up starting with an eye exam. Recruits that didn’t have perfect vision were sent to the optical department. Amy and Charlotte were among them. They stood in line together waiting for an Army specialist to quickly measure their eyesight. Based on the measurements, the two would be given regulation Army glasses. These were to be worn at all times during Basic Training. 
“Army glasses. What are those like – camouflage frames?” Amy giggled.
The optician overheard her. “No, they’re worse. The frames are out of the ‘60s or something.” He held up a pair to demonstrate. It was the ugliest pair of frames that Amy or Charlotte had ever seen. The frames were square and large, the color not quite brown. Worst of all, the lenses were very thick. The Army didn’t invest in ultra-light lenses for its soldiers.
“Oh, my gosh. Those are the most hideous glasses I’ve ever seen,” Charlotte exclaimed. 
“Well, we didn’t join the Army for the fashion. That’s for sure.”
By the time Amy and Charlotte finished with the optician, Josephine and Laura were already done with their medical exams. They were waiting in the chairs in the reception area. Amy immediately began to describe the hideous glasses that they would be getting, making Josephine and Laura laugh hysterically. 
A sergeant passing by stopped and stared at the girls. “I’m glad you’re finding the Army so amusing,” he said sarcastically. 
The four quickly stopped laughing. “Sorry, sergeant,” they muttered in unison.
“They’re gonna have a field day with you.” The sergeant laughed and walked away.
The four girls looked at each other nervously. “Come on,” said Amy, “as long as we stick together, they can’t beat us.” Everyone nodded and agreed. They would stick together and be fine.
The rest of the day was taken up with more standing in line. Typical Army, hurry up and wait. They rushed from building to building only to stand in line when they reached their destination.
They received their new clothing in one building. The recruits were marched through the building like an assembly line. At each stop, they received a new piece of clothing: socks, t-shirts, hats, pants, shirts, etc.  By the end of the line, the recruits were each loaded down with a duffel bag. 
“I need all the female recruits over here,” yelled one of the female sergeants.
Amy, Charlotte, Josephine and Laura quickly looked at each other and put on their brave faces before running over to the sergeant. 
“Here’s the deal. Army regulation requires you to wear white underwear during Basic Training but the Army doesn’t supply these items. That’s up to you. So, you’re going to take your duffel bags back to the barracks. In 15 minutes, I want you to be back here for a trip to the PX. You’re gonna buy some white bras and panties during this trip – that’s it. Understood?”
“Yes sergeant!” 
“Well, get moving then!”
The four ran to the barracks, secured their duffels in their lockers and ran back to the sergeant. “We will be moving out in formation. Not like a group of ragamuffins. Got me?”
The girls nodded and lined up in rows of two. They were quickly marched to the PX where the sergeant told them they had thirty minutes to shop. They were only allowed to buy underwear. No candy or other luxury items were allowed. With orders like that, the shopping didn’t take long. The girls were terrified to even look at anything besides underwear in case the sergeant was watching them.
When they returned to reception, it was dinnertime. The recruits were already formed up outside of the barracks. The girls ran and joined the female platoon. While they were waiting, another sergeant came out of the building carrying a clipboard.
“Listen up,” he yelled. “The following recruits will be moving on to Charlie Company tomorrow at oh-six hundred.” He began to yell out names. Among those named were Larson, Meeks, Shelley and Brown. The girls looked at each other with no small amount of terror. The real training would begin tomorrow.

Chapter 6
Special Prosecutor Appointed to Investigate Operation Free Africa Bombings
Present Day
John Lawrence, a former federal prosecutor, has been appointed as an independent special prosecutor to probe allegations of wrongdoing surrounding the bombing of Guinea-Bissau during Operation Free Africa in 2003.
Guinea-Bissau is a Western African country, which was severely bombed in April 2003 as part of the War Against Terrorism. At the time of the bombing, it was alleged that terrorists of the Alliance terrorist group, infamous for their alleged support of the al-Qaeda terrorist group, were hidden and protected by the ruling government of Guinea-Bissau. Several thousand civilians were killed in the bombing raids.
It has always been suspected that Alliance terrorists were not hiding in Guinea-Bissau during Operation Free Africa but this suspicion has never led to allegations of wrongdoing. In the past few months, however, rumors have once again surfaced that Alliance terrorists were not hiding in Guinea-Bissau. A new twist on the allegations has now emerged. Sources claim that the administration was aware – at the time of the bombing – that the Guinea-Bissau government did not support the terrorists, let alone their militant tactics.
This newspaper has learned from independent sources that the CIA and Department of Homeland Security conducted a joint investigation of Guinea-Bissau before the bombings occurred. As a result of this investigation, a joint memorandum was allegedly written which indicated that Guinea-Bissau was not supporting the Alliance terrorists. There was also additional evidence in the memo to indicate the Alliance terrorists were not supporting al-Qaeda. This memo was supposedly ignored by the administration and the bombings took place anyway, resulting in the loss of several thousand civilian lives.
During several days of bombing raids, the U.S. destroyed the airport and capital city of Guinea-Bissau. There were no military bases or military activity in the direct vicinity of the bombings. The bombs mostly fell upon civilian neighborhoods and the civilian airport. The neighborhoods in the vicinity of the airport were considered one of the poorest areas of the capital city. The apartment buildings and houses were poorly constructed, possibly causing additional death and injuries.
Guinea-Bissau is a small Western African country bordered by Senegal and Guinea. The country has 1.1 million inhabitants. The inhabitants speak mostly Portuguese. The dominant religions of the country are various tribal religions. There is also a significant Muslim minority, accounting for 38% of the population. A small minority, 8%, of the inhabitants are Christian. For further information, please see our America’s War on Terrorism archive.
The al-Qaeda terrorist group is credited with the bombings of the World Trade Center in New York and the Pentagon in Washington, D.C. on September 11th, 2001. For further information, please see our September 11th – Remembering the Tragedy archives.

Chapter 7
Basic Nerves
Sometime in the Past
Amy couldn’t sleep. It had all become so real – too real – all of a sudden. What in God’s name had made her enlist in the Army? Was she mad to think that she could make it through? She tossed and turned. Each time she turned over, she saw her duffel bag – packed and ready to ship out – lying on the floor. Deliberately, she turned to her other side so it was out of her line of sight.
“Hey, some of us are trying to sleep,” whispered Charlotte as she gently kicked the upper bunk.
Amy leaned over the side of the bunk. “Sorry.”
“It’s alright. I can’t sleep either.”
Amy jumped off the bunk and sat next to Charlotte on her bunk. “I’m just so nervous.” 
Charlotte nodded. “I know. Come on; let’s go talk in the bathroom, or else we’ll end up waking everyone up in here.”
“Where do you guys think you’re going without us?” Laura asked. Without waiting for a response, Josephine and Laura jumped out of their bunks and followed Charlotte and Amy to the bathroom.
In the bathroom, Laura pulled out a pack of cigarettes and matches. “Stop that! You’re going to get us in trouble,” whispered Amy.
Laura lit up anyway. Josephine joined her. “What are you? Chicken or something?” Laura said as she took a puff on her cigarette. She looked at Amy, daring her to do something.
“Jesus. Who knows what they’ll do to us if they catch us smoking in here?” Amy walked to the bathroom door and looked to make sure no one was watching them. She closed the door behind her. 
“Don’t worry about it. They can’t put us in jail for smoking, now can they?” Josephine and Laura giggled. “Besides, jail ain’t so bad.”
Amy, Charlotte and Josephine stared at Laura with shocked faces. “Have you been to jail?” they asked simultaneously.
Laura nodded. “This, I gotta hear,” Amy said. She sat on the bathroom floor and waited. The others quickly joined her.
“Come on, do tell,” prodded Charlotte.
“It ain’t no big deal,” Laura said, still puffing on her cigarette. “I just spent the night in jail for smoking some weed, that’s all.”
“Smoking weed!”
“Did you have to stay in a holding tank with a bunch of hookers,” asked Josephine.
Laura laughed. “You watch too many movies.”
“But you did smoke the weed?” Charlotte was amazed. Even in college, she didn’t know anyone who smoked marijuana.
Laura nodded. “All the time.”
“But how did you get in the Army? Didn’t they find out?” asked Amy.
“Nah, I was a juvie when it happened. So all that stuff’s sealed.” Laura finished her smoke and put it out in the sink. “Now, someone else’s turn.”
Amy, Charlotte and Josephine cast their eyes down to the floor. “Come on, I told you my secret.”
Still looking at the floor, Josephine said, “Well, I’m married.”
“What’s so secret about that?” demanded Laura.
“I kinda didn’t tell my husband that I joined the Army,” Josephine mumbled to the floor.
“Now that’s a secret.” 
“How’d you get away with that?” asked Charlotte.
Josephine shrugged. “I ran away. I figured the best way to get away from him was the Army.” 
“But why did you need to get away from him?” 
Josephine shrugged and blushed as she mumbled, “He hits me.”
“Bastard!” 
“Can’t you just divorce him?” asked Amy.
“Where would I go? What would I do? I never had a job before.” 
“Well, this is one hell of a place to start,” Laura said.
Josephine looked scared. Charlotte put her arm around her. “Don’t worry, sweetheart, we’ll protect you.”  Laura and Amy nodded. “Of course we will.” Tentatively, Josephine smiled.
Sensing a need for a change of conversation, Charlotte spoke. “I guess my secret is that no one knows where I am either.” 
“What do you mean?”
“Well, I graduated college last spring and told everyone at school I was going back home to teach. In turn, I told everyone back home that I was staying at college to get my master’s degree. And voila! Here I am!” 
“But why?” 
Charlotte shrugged. “It’s difficult to explain. The main thing is I’ve never done anything for myself before. I went to the college my parents picked out for me. I dated the boy that everyone thought suited me. I just wanted to do something for myself for a change.” 
“Daddy’s little girl needs a little adventure,” ribbed Laura. Josephine elbowed her.
“That’s not fair! You can’t help where you’re from or who your parents are.” Charlotte was defensive.
“Of course not,” Josephine agreed immediately. Laura remained quiet. 
“Well, if you don’t like her story, you’re definitely not gonna like mine,” Amy said. “I’m just here for the GI Bill. I want to go to law school but can’t afford it. That’s why I’m here.” She shrugged.
“But that’s not a secret!” Laura was getting annoyed.
“I knew you were gonna say that but I can’t help it. I don’t have any big secrets. I guess that’s my big secret. I’m boring. I just study hard and want to be a lawyer. My parents don’t have money, so the GI Bill is my only choice.” Amy looked embarrassed.
Everyone remained silent, which made Amy feel bad. Everyone had shared a secret except her, but it was true. Her life had been boring. She didn’t have anything to share. “If it will make you feel better, I’m terrified of being here. I’m afraid I can’t make it through.” 
“Well, we’re all worried about that,” Charlotte responded.
“I’m not.”  Laura looked around, daring anyone to contradict her, but to her surprise, everyone started to laugh. She joined them. She did sound a bit ridiculous. Of course she was a little worried but she was the tough one; the one who’d been to jail. She knew sounding weak was a disadvantage.
They all laughed until the guard came in. “What are you guys doing in here?” 
They immediately sobered and stood up. “We couldn’t sleep,” answered Amy.
“You better get back to your bunks. The sergeants like to come around during the night to make sure everyone’s in bed.”
They filed out of the bathroom and went back to their bunks. Amy fell asleep immediately. The next thing she heard was a sergeant beating on her bunk with a stick. “Wake up, sleepy-head!” 
Amy flew out of bed and ran into action. They had fifteen minutes to dress in their uniforms, grab their duffel bags and get into formation. Within ten, the four girls were struggling under the weight of their duffel bags as they headed to formation. 
“God, this is fun,” whispered Laura under her breath. 
“Shhhh,” hushed Josephine giggling.
The recruits that were leaving reception and going to Charlie Company stood in a separate formation. Roll was called and once it was clear that everyone was accounted for, they were marched to a waiting bus. 
It wasn’t a long bus ride, not even five minutes. When the bus pulled up outside of the Charlie Company barracks, the door opened and a sergeant wearing a Smokey Bear hat entered and stood at the front. The sergeant was huge; not only tall but muscularly built. His face looked mean and he scared the crap out of the four girls. 
“You’ve got thirty seconds to get off my bus,” he yelled. When the recruits remained frozen in fear, he yelled. “Now, MOVE!” 
Everyone started scrambling off the bus at once. It wasn’t easy. The duffel bags were bulky and the recruits were unused to dealing with the bulk or the weight. Poor Josephine tripped on the stairs leaving the bus and landed right on top of the drill sergeant.
“Are you alright private?”
“Yes sir,” Josephine whispered.
“What did you say?”
Amy, Charlotte and Laura turned upon hearing the dangerous tone of the question to see what was happening. But there was nothing they could do besides watch, terrified.
“Yes, sir,” yelled Josephine.
“Sir, do I look like a punk ass officer to you?” 
“No, sir,” responded Josephine too scared to understand the hint the sergeant was giving her.
“You will address me as drill sergeant. Do you understand?” 
“Yes, drill sergeant.”
“I didn’t hear you!”
“Yes, drill sergeant!” Josephine yelled as loud as she could.
“Now, hurry up. You’re late.” 
Josephine ran and joined the others. They tried to offer her comfort but they were at the barracks within a few seconds. The ground floor of the barracks was actually a semi-open area, a large cement courtyard in the middle with laundry rooms on one end and the company offices on the other. On one-side of the cement courtyard stood bleachers. The actual sleeping quarters were on the second and third floors. 
The recruits were lined up in formation in the courtyard. Six drill sergeants were there, roaming from recruit to recruit, checking posture and uniforms. But mostly the drill sergeants were harassing the recruits. Although they were careful not show how much fun they were having, once in a while a smile could be seen before it was wiped away by a furious look. 
One of the drill sergeants walked up to Amy, standing toe to toe, he was the same height as her. If Amy continued to look forward, she looked straight into the drill sergeant’s eyes. 
“What are you looking at?” 
“Nothing! Drill Sergeant!”
“Nothing? You call me nothing! Drop and give me ten.”
Amy dropped to the ground and attempted to do push-ups.
“I can’t hear you!”
Amy started to count out loud. “One, two…”
The drill sergeant bent down and looked Amy in the face. “That’s not how we count in the Army, is it?”
Amy didn’t have a clue how counting was done in the Army but, obviously, she was doing something wrong. “No, drill sergeant.” 
“Now, how do we count in the Army?”
Amy listened to the other recruits doing push-ups. She heard what she needed to hear. “Three, drill sergeant.” She yelled as she did another push-up.
“Oh no, I think we start counting with one, don’t we?”
Amy started over. “One, drill sergeant…”
As Amy attempted to do ten proper Army push-ups, the drill sergeant bent down and closely inspected Amy’s collar where she had inserted her Specialist rank for the first time that morning. Slowly standing up, the drill sergeant called to the others, “Look over here; we got one of those college-educated know-it-alls.” The other drill sergeants looked over at Amy, still struggling to do push-ups. Amy tried to covertly look at Charlotte, who was also a specialist due to her college degree. Unfortunately, one of the drill sergeants spotted Amy’s look.
 “Look,” he said. “We’ve got another one over here.” He pointed at Charlotte. “Why don’t you join your sorority sister?” Charlotte didn’t wait to hear more; she bent down next to Amy and began doing push-ups.
The attention was quickly focused away from Charlotte and Amy, however, as Josephine had started to cry. She didn’t make any noise but silent tears rolled down her cheeks. “Come over here. Look at this one. She’s crying.” The mean-looking drill sergeant that had ordered everyone off the bus waved the other drill sergeants over.
The drill sergeants quickly circled Josephine. “What’s wrong? Do you want your mommy?” 
“Is the wittle recruit a wittle scared?” 
Luckily, Josephine was too terrified to respond. She stood trembling and stared straight ahead while the drill sergeants continued to tease her. When she didn’t respond, they got bored and moved on to their next victim. 
Laura, standing next to Josephine, was next. But Laura had been in jail and knew how the game was played. She kept her mouth shut as the drill sergeants badgered her to respond. 
Eventually the drill sergeants got bored of their game and moved on.
“Listen up!”  The noise died down immediately. “It’s chow time. The men’s barracks are on the third floor, female’s second floor. Males and females are not allowed to use the same stairwell. The females will use the front stairwell.” He pointed to a wide outdoor staircase. “The males will use the back stairwell.” He pointed to a small door next to the laundry room. Looking at his watch, he stated “now you’ve got thirty seconds.” People started to move immediately.
“Wait a minute! I haven’t dismissed anyone yet.” Everyone froze. “You have thirty seconds to go upstairs, secure your duffels and get back into formation. Understand? Dismissed!”
Chaos erupted. Men and women slammed into each other as they hurried to their opposing stairwells. Amy, Charlotte, Josephine and Laura headed to the front staircase and ran to the first floor. When they entered the second floor barracks, there were a few female recruits waiting for them.
“Come on, this way,” one of the recruits yelled as she led them to four empty bunks. “Put your duffels in your lockers and lock them away.”
Even though they were rushing, the recruit urged them to hurry. Duffels secured, the recruits rushed them out the door and down the stairs. They were the first ones to arrive. The men were still scrambling down the stairs. Everyone arrived and lined up in formation. Once they were lined up and quieted down, a drill sergeant came out of the office.
“That was pathetic,” she yelled. “Now let’s try that again. Go back upstairs, get your duffels and get back here. Dismissed!”
It was a fun game for the drill sergeants. They let the recruits go back for their duffels twice before they decided it was time for breakfast.

Chapter 8
Girls Reunited
Present Day
After Amy hung up the phone when she finished speaking to Charlie, she fell into a chair. Should we do something? Strictly speaking, they weren’t involved. At least, no one thought they were involved. Unless, someone finds out. In that case, we’ve got to do something.
Although they hadn’t discussed it, Charlotte disagreed. She wasn’t going to do anything. Even if someone found out, which seemed highly unlikely, Charlotte wasn’t going anywhere. She wasn’t risking her husband and children – her entire life – for something that happened years ago. It’s just not worth it.
Jo didn’t know what to think. She felt responsible. After all, she had been the one that started everything. Of course, she had told the group what she knew and they had all decided what to do together. But still, if she hadn’t been there that day, maybe all this wouldn’t be happening now. She would wait; see what everyone else thought, before she made up her mind.
Laura was done; she had done her duty by calling Jo. She didn’t care what anyone did from now on. What could they do to her anyway? Take away her life? It wouldn’t matter. Her life was worth nothing anyway. Laura left these thoughts behind as she walked out of her apartment to go score something, anything.
Still pondering if they should act, Amy tossed and turned in her bed, unable to find sleep. Finally, she gave up and got out of bed. Only work could take her mind off the situation. When her secretary arrived in the office at nine, Amy had already been in the office for hours. Amy was working hard, but she couldn’t get her mind off of her troubles.
Well, she finally decided, at the very least, we should talk and decide how to carry on from here. She picked up the phone and dialed Charlotte’s number. 
“Hello?” Charlotte picked up on the first ring.
“It’s me. We need to talk.” 
Charlotte immediately went on the defensive. “No, we don’t. We don’t NEED to do anything.” She sounded grumpy as if she too didn’t get a wink of sleep last night.
“Come on, Charlie. This is ridiculous. It happened. We have to do something about it.”
“Do what? Ruin our lives?”  Charlotte was panicked.
“I’m not saying we have to ruin our lives. But we have to at least talk about it. All of us.” 
“Okay, I’ll talk to everyone ON the phone. That’s it. I won’t promise anything more.”
They talked for a few minutes discussing logistics. When Amy hung up, she took a deep breath and dialed Jo’s number. 
“Hello,” whispered Jo.
“Are you alone? Can you talk?”
“Hi, Amy! I can talk. Billy went off to work a half hour ago.” At least Jo sounded enthusiastic to talk to Amy.
“Listen Jo, we need to talk. All of us. Can you do that?”
Jo breathed a sigh of relief. She wouldn’t have to figure out what to do on her own. “Yeah, yeah, no problem.”
“When is Billy out of the house?”
After Jo put the phone down, she began to sob. Thank God for the girls. I wouldn’t know what to do without them.
Getting in touch with Laura would be more difficult. She didn’t have a telephone so Amy called one of her neighbors. Someone, Laura said they could call in an emergency. There couldn’t be a bigger emergency than this. Amy left a message for Laura to call her, collect if necessary and went back to work. She hoped Laura would call but she knew there was no guarantee. The last time she had spoken to Laura, Laura was so high she didn’t know to whom she was talking. Amy hadn’t called her again after that.
It was after seven at night when Amy’s phone rang. 
“Amy Larson.”
“Amy, I knew you’d still be working.”
“Hi, Laura. How are you?”
“Cut the crap. What do you want?”
“I want us all to talk. I’ve already spoken to Charlie and Jo. They’ve agreed. How ‘bout it?” 
“I’ll talk but I ain’t doing shit. As far as I’m concerned, that’s all part of the past and better left there.” 
After discussing how and when Laura could be contacted, Amy hung up and sat staring out the window. If she turned her head just so, she had a view of Lake Michigan. The water always calmed her. She took some deep breaths and tried to think rationally. What they had done was wrong. There was no doubt about that, but it had been for the greater good. Would that matter if anyone found out?
Amy sighed and got back to her scheduling problem. She figured out a time when everyone was available and left a note with her secretary to set up a conference call. Then she decided to call it a night. Hopefully, tonight she would get some sleep.
Again, no one slept that night. Even Laura, who had bought herself a bottle of tequila to reward herself for agreeing to the conference call, couldn’t sleep. Only when the bottle was empty, did she pass out. 
The conference call was scheduled for two days later. Charlotte had cleared the morning of any commitments and returned home after taking her children to school. Jo had ushered Billy out of the house with a special lunch to ensure he was happy and wouldn’t stop by unexpectedly. Laura, recovering from a massive hangover, promised herself she would stay sober until after the phone call.
In Chicago, Amy walked to her office door and told her secretary she was not to be disturbed, under any circumstances. Just to make sure, she closed and locked her door. She’d never locked the door before but she was damn well not taking any chances considering the subject matter of the call. She even dialed into the conference call on her personal cell phone to ensure no one in the firm could over hear.
“Hello, is anyone there yet?”
“I’m here,” chirped Charlotte in a false positive tone.
“Me too,” said Jo.
“Laura?”
There was no response as Laura wasn’t on the line yet, the other three made small talk while waiting for Laura to join the call. It wasn’t long before they heard the beep indicating someone new had joined.
“Hi, Laura,” said Amy.
“Hi.” Laura sounded awful. They could hear the traffic in the background. Laura was obviously calling from outside on some pay phone. 
“Okay, everyone’s on the line. So let’s get started.” Amy immediately took over. 
“You’re the one that wanted to talk, so fuckin’ talk,” was Laura’s less than gracious reply.
Amy took a deep breath. This wasn’t going to be easy. No one was going to be happy with what she had to say, but she had thought long and hard about it and she didn’t see any other solution. “I think we should all go to D.C.” she abruptly announced.
Over the line, several hitched breaths could be heard. This was definitely not what anyone had expected Amy to say. The protests began immediately.
“I am NOT going to Washington. I am NOT getting involved. I made that perfectly clear earlier. You’re lucky I agreed to this phone call.” Charlotte sounded uppity.
“I can’t go to D.C. What would I tell Billy? Besides, we got no money. You know that.” Amy felt Jo’s arguments were more legitimate, but she had already found solutions to her problems.
“I don’t got no problems with going to D.C.,” teased Laura.
“One at a time, one at a time,” Amy said. “First of all, Charlie. You can easily come to D.C. Tell Bill that you have a college reunion.”
“Bill went to the same college as me. He knows there isn’t a reunion.”
“Can’t you just tell him that you are going to go meet some old college pals to do some shopping?”
“I could. He doesn’t know any of my college girlfriends, but it would seem suspicious, all of a sudden.”
“Don’t you ever do anything on the spur of the moment?”
“No, I do not.” The uppity voice was back.
They all laughed. “We know at least one thing you did spur of the moment,” snickered Laura.
“Ha ha, very funny. Besides, even if I decide to come – something I am not agreeing to yet – how are we going to get Jo there, away from Billy?” Everyone knew about the beatings Billy gave Jo. During their five years together, they didn’t keep secrets from each other.
“I already thought of that. Billy already knows Jo was in the Army. She can tell Billy that she needs to go to D.C. for some Army business. He doesn’t know anything about the military. He won’t know better.” 
“Army business. What kind of Army business?” Laura wanted to know.
“I don’t know. We’ll make something up. I’ll even print up some fake orders.” 
“That’s fine, but how am I gonna pay for it?”
“You’re not.” Amy responded immediately. “Don’t worry about it, I’ve got you covered.” 
Jo started to protest but Amy quickly silenced her. “Be realistic Jo. I’ve got money. If I choose to spend my money on buying you a plane ticket, that’s my choice.” 
“Well, it would be nice to get away from Billy for a while.” 
“That’s the spirit. How ‘bout you, Charlie? Are you in?” 
“Sugar. It doesn’t look like I have much choice, do I?”
“It’s agreed then.” Amy breathed a sigh of relief. It had been easier than she thought.
After they ended the call, Amy began to make arrangements. She asked her secretary to book her a suite in a hotel in Alexandria but called the travel agent for airline tickets herself. Then, she opened her laptop and began to type some fake orders for Jo. Her Billy was so stupid, he would believe anything.
It was all settled then. The four women would meet in one week’s time in D.C.

Chapter 9
Senate and House Committees Established to Investigate Bombing of Guinea-Bissau during Operation Free Africa
Present Day 
The U.S. Congress has established Special Investigatory Committees to further probe the bombing of Guinea-Bissau during Operation Free Africa in 2003. The Senate established the Senate Select Committee to Investigate U.S. Bombing while the House of Representatives established the House Select Committee to Investigate U.S. Military Action in Guinea-Bissau.
The names of those senators and representatives who will be appointed to the Select Committees have not yet been released. It is believed that the House and Senate Committees will work together to conduct a joint investigation of the Guinea-Bissau affair. It is still unclear whether public hearings will be held. Legal experts indicate that a public joint hearing is the next logical step in the investigation.
In an exclusive interview with this newspaper, Special Prosecutor John Lawrence was asked how the establishment of special Congressional Committees would affect his investigation. Mr. Lawrence said he welcomed the establishment of the committees. He feels that the Committees will add legitimacy to his investigation. Furthermore, Congress has special subpoena and immunity powers – not available to a special prosecutor – that could help further the investigation.
Mr. Lawrence was also asked why the establishment of Senate and House Special Committees occurred so quickly after his appointment as Special Prosecutor. Mr. Lawrence hastened to comment that the establishment of the Senate and House Special Committees within a month and a half of his appointment did not indicate the strength of the allegations in any manner whatsoever. In fact, said Mr. Lawrence, the hasty establishment of Committees by the Senate and House probably had something to do with the oncoming summer recess of Congress.
When questioned concerning the results of his ongoing investigation, Mr. Lawrence stated that there appears to be “some irregularities in the procedure that was used in ordering military action in Guinea-Bissau.” Mr. Lawrence would not indicate what those irregularities were but suggested that several former CIA and Homeland Security executives were being questioned. When asked if top military officials were also being questioned, the special prosecutor replied that his investigation, as of yet, does not include any military officers.
Mr. Lawrence would not comment on the rumor that a memo was written which indicated that the Guinea-Bissau government was not supporting Alliance terrorists. He did, however, hasten to state that not all rumors were credible. What Mr. Lawrence was trying to imply with this statement is unclear.
John Lawrence was appointed Special Prosecutor to investigate alleged wrongdoing concerning the bombings of Guinea-Bissau on June 1st. Mr. Lawrence has not yet made any public statements concerning his findings in the past month and a half. He has, however, on several occasions indicated that there are “irregularities” concerning the bombings of Guinea-Bissau during Operation Free Africa.

Chapter 10
Basic Hurdles – Amy 
Sometime in the Past
The worst – and possibly most terrifying – part of Basic Training for Amy was marksmanship, the Army’s terminology for learning how to properly fire an M-16. Amy didn’t grow up with guns in her house. Her dad wasn’t a hunter and didn’t believe in having weapons in a house with children. She’d never even seen a gun close up. The entire idea of shooting a gun terrified the living daylights out of her. Hmmm… maybe deciding to become a military policewoman wasn’t the best idea. 
The second week of basic, the company was marched out to the range to learn how to fire the M-16 rifle. While the bored – except for the petrified Amy – trainees stiffly sat on benches, an instructor demonstrated how to breathe correctly while aiming the weapon. Another sergeant showed how to properly pull the trigger using the flesh of the finger located between the tip of the index finger and the first joint. Yet another instructor indicated how to properly line up the sights.  
After the instructors were finished with the lessons, the trainees got a chance to put their instructions to use. Each trainee had picked up an M-16 that morning and carried it with them to the range. Now the trainees paired off to practice their new shooting techniques. Of all the ridiculous exercises they were to endure, one was especially frustrating to Amy. A dime was place on the end of the rifle’s barrel. Then the recruit had to pull the trigger without allowing the dime to fall off the barrel of the rifle. The ‘dime exercise’ was meant to teach trainees to pull the trigger without jerking the rifle while breathing correctly.
Amy and Charlie paired off to practice the dime exercise. Charlie was pretty good. She had done a little hunting growing up. She joked that it was required of all Southerners to know how to use a rifle in case the Yankees tried to invade again. Amy wasn’t so good. She’d never even touched a gun before this and found the entire experience scary – even though the rifles weren’t loaded. 
Unfortunately, they couldn’t continue to do dime exercises forever. The next day Charlie Company was marched out to the live shooting range. Before they could begin with target practice, each soon-to-be soldier needed to ‘zero’ his or her weapon. ‘Zeroing’ a weapon meant moving the sights either horizontally or vertically to accommodate the shooter’s vision or breathing technique. 
This was Amy’s first experience holding a weapon with live ammunition. She realized the fear she had before dealing with the M-16, was nothing compared to the sheer terror she felt now. Her body shook as she crawled down into her foxhole and placed her weapon on the sandbags. She took deep breathes and tried to relax while waiting for instructions on how to proceed. 
“Lock and load. Everyone lock and load,” an eerie voice came over the intercom.
With trembling hands, Amy picked up her weapon and inserted the magazine cartridge. She released the slide and let it fall forward. Drill Sergeant Harris stood behind her checking to ensure her weapon was on safe. Amy saw the sergeant and turned to see what he wanted.
“What the hell are you doing?!” screamed Drill Sergeant Harris. Unfortunately, in turning around to check what the Sergeant wanted, Amy hadn’t thought about her weapon. She held it in her arms as she turned, causing the weapon to point directly at the Sergeant. 
“Aim your weapon down range!” 
Amy tried to turn her weapon down range. But all the screaming had made her anxiety – already at an all-time high – even worse. Her hands shook as she turned to point her weapon down range. Drill Sergeant Harris bent down beside her. “What the hell are you doing?!” 
Amy was close to tears. She didn’t know what she was doing – that was the whole point. At that moment, she had no idea why she was even there. Why had she joined the stupid Army to begin with? She didn’t want to learn to fire a weapon, let alone kill anyone.
“I don’t know drill sergeant”, mumbled Amy.
“Are you trying to kill everyone?” 
Amy merely shook her head. Talking would only make her cry. 
“Keep your weapon pointed down range from now on.” Luckily Drill Sergeant Harris walked away after this parting shot, obviously disgusted with the very idea of women and weapons. Amy had yet to fire a single shot but she was already a nervous wreck.
Zeroing of the weapons began. This involved firing three shots at a target. The target was then brought forward to review the location of the shots. The sights of the weapon were adjusted based on the location of the shots on the target. But in order to properly adjust the sights, the shots on target needed to be grouped together in one area.
It took most trainees two or three tries to properly zero their weapons. Amy, on the other hand, took all day. Or at least it felt that way to her. By oh-thirteen hundred, everyone had zeroed his or her weapon and were sitting on the bleachers waiting for Amy to finish so that they could eat lunch. Charlie, Jo and Laura sat with the others, not allowed to offer Amy any encouragement. They could only watch as Amy failed again and again.
One by one, each of the drill sergeants came to ‘help’ Amy. She would have preferred if they would just leave her the hell alone! She didn’t need their type of ‘help’, which amounted to screaming and yelling. This was their way of ‘motivating’ her to finish. Some motivation.
Finally, a half an hour later, the drill sergeants were fed up. They decided Amy would just have to fire her weapon as is. They were getting nowhere and everyone was hungry. Time was up.
Amy was humiliated but she couldn’t let anyone see that. Exposing weaknesses to drill sergeants was a sure fire way to receive more abuse. So, Amy waited, last in line for lunch and said nothing. She couldn’t even get near Charlotte, Jo or Laura. They laughed and joked through lunch while Amy stood waiting in line, trying not to cry in utter humiliation.
But marksmanship training was far from over. The trainees still needed to qualify on their rifles. They were set to go back to the target range the next day for practice before qualification. Amy was determined to do well. She needed to qualify on her rifle or she would be kicked out of basic. Unfortunately, it wasn’t uncommon, at least one or two recruits failed to qualify and would be sent home – or so the drill sergeants constantly reminded Amy. 
At the target range, Amy paid close attention, listening for any tips the drill sergeants gave. Nothing helped. Amy’s shooting was horrendous. Out of forty shots, she only managed to hit the target half of the time. In order to qualify, she needed to hit the target at least twenty-eight times. That was the bare minimum and she wasn’t even close!
Marching back to the barracks from the range, Amy looked downtrodden. Charlie tried to cheer her up. “Come on, you’ll be fine tomorrow.” 
Jo and Laura agreed. “Of course you will!”
Amy disagreed. “Were you not at the range with me today? There’s no way I can do it.” 
There was just no cheering Amy up but after dinner, Charlie got an idea. “What if we practice the dime exercise? That might help.” 
“Even if that would help, how are we gonna manage that? We can’t just get our rifles out.”
“Doesn’t hurt to ask.” Luckily, Laura was fearless when it came to the drill sergeants. 
After much pleading and begging, the on duty drill sergeant allowed them to get out one rifle. They had to stay in the CQ office to practice where the drill sergeant could keep an eye on them. Laura volunteered to help Amy as she had quite a bit of practice target shooting. No one even dared to ask Laura, who had already admitted to spending time in juvie and smoking weed, how her target practicing had gone. 
“Just relax Amy.” 
“I can’t relax. If I can’t do this, I’m gone.”
“You can’t think about that. If you do, you’re a goner. Just try to make your mind a blank. Do those breathing exercises you’re so fond of.”
Amy closed her eyes and took some deep breaths. “Okay, I’m ready,” she said after a minute or so.
Laura coached Amy through the exercises. They spent nearly two hours practicing the dime exercise. By the time they finished, Amy could pull the trigger without the dime falling off the end of the rifle.
“Whoo-hoo! If you do it just like that tomorrow, you’ll do great!”
“You really think so?”
Laura nodded. “Of course. Now, let’s get some sleep or neither one of us will make it tomorrow.” 
The next morning it was raining. Oh great, thought Amy, another obstacle. The other girls just giggled and mimicked the drill sergeants. “If it ain’t raining, we ain’t training!” 
By the time they reached the shooting range, the rain had slowed to a drizzle. The recruits paired off and marched to their foxholes. Amy and Charlie stood together behind a foxhole. They had maneuvered themselves so that they had a foxhole far away from the bleachers hoping the drill sergeants would leave them alone there.
“You go first,” said Amy. 
Charlie shook her head. “Nope. You’re going first. This way you’ll get it over with. Otherwise, you’ll stand here getting nervous while I’m shooting.” Charlie didn’t share that she was afraid her shooting skills would discourage Amy. 
Charlie pushed Amy and down into the foxhole she went. She placed her weapon on the sandbags and Charlie helped her to adjust the sandbags. 
“Now, remember your breathing. Remember the practicing you did last night. That’s all you have to do.” From the next foxhole over, Laura and Jo waved and yelled out good wishes.
The exercise began. Amy took deep breathes, tried to relax and aimed at the targets. Knowing she would have at least one more chance to qualify before she was kicked out of basic helped her to relax, somewhat. This was not yet the last chance saloon. After finishing, she climbed out of the foxhole.
“I think you got it.” Charlie had been counting the targets as they fell. She thought she had counted thirty. Enough for Amy to qualify but they would have to wait before they knew for sure. First, Charlie had to have her turn at qualifying. Then, they would go to the bleachers to hear the results.
Amy stood and counted the targets that fell for Charlie. She couldn’t believe it; she counted thirty-eight targets fall. When Charlie crawled out of the foxhole, Amy congratulated her. “Wow! You’re amazing.” 
“Y’all Yankees better watch out,” answered Charlie with an exaggerated Southern accent.
They marched to the bleachers behind Jo and Laura. All the girls thinking they qualified except for Amy. They were anxious to hear whether Amy had made it and sat on the bleachers talking in low voices waiting for the drill sergeants to give them their results.
Finally, the drill sergeants emerged from a hut and told the trainees to line up. As each one passed the drill sergeant, he gave the trainee his or her result. The girls were last, as they had been on the far end of the shooting range.
Amy went first. “Twenty-nine hits-qualified as marksman,” said the drill sergeant.
“Whoo-hoo!” shouted Amy.
The drill sergeant laughed, since that wasn’t the reaction most soldiers had to barely qualifying. Charlie, Jo and Laura, as expected, qualified: Laura as an expert, Charlie and Jo as sharpshooters. 
Amy relaxed into basic training. The hard part was over.

Chapter 11
Operation “Free Africa” Begins
Sometime in the Past
“This is Jenny Harris at CNN center in Atlanta. We’ve got a late breaking story. U.S. military forces are, at this moment, bombing the country of Guinea-Bissau. Guinea-Bissau is a small country, formerly an insignificant country, in West Africa. It is unclear why the U.S. military is essentially attacking this specific country. The Pentagon has indicated that there will be a press conference within the half-hour. Meanwhile, CNN’s West African correspondent, Davis Joshin, is standing by with more information. Davis, are you there?”
“Yes, good evening. CNN has just learned from government officials of Guinea-Bissau that the U.S. Military began bombing the capital city of Bissau approximately sixty minutes ago. The officials further stated that they are deeply shocked and have no indication as to why the U.S. would take action against their country.” 
“Davis, is there any indication of what sort of damage the capital has suffered?”
“It’s a little early to tell with any sort of certainty. Everything is in disarray right now. It is clear, however, that the Bissau airport located to the west of the capital has been severely damaged.”
“Have there been any civilian casualties?”
“As I said, it’s a little chaotic right now. I can tell you that the city of Bissau extends nearly to the airport. So it’s quite possible, even likely, that houses of Bissau residents were hit in this attack. Also, the airport itself was probably full as it is common for planes coming from Europe to arrive late at night.”
“Can you verify whether any civilian houses were hit?”
“Not at this point. People have been approaching me and telling me that their house was destroyed but I haven’t been able to independently verify those stories yet. The government officials indicated that they would verify the information as soon as possible. Right now, the streets are blocked off by the military and I’m unable to go to the area to verify for myself. The area around the airport is one of the poorest regions of the city and it’s overcrowded. If the area was hit, it is likely that the casualties will be high.”
“Where are you at right now?”
“I’m at one of the main hospitals of Bissau located on the Western side of the city. As you can probably see behind me, its chaos. All medical personnel located in the city have been asked to return to work to help out.”
“Are you saying that the hospitals are unable to handle the number of casualties?”
“It appears that way right now. Guinea-Bissau is an African country with a typical African infrastructure and medical facilities. Also, there is a huge influx of injured persons. I’m sure there are more modern countries, which would have a hard time handling this type of emergency.”
“Can you give us any indication of how many casualties there are at this time?”
“It’s impossible to tell. I’m only at one hospital in the city. There are, of course, several more and I can’t indicate how many casualties those hospitals are receiving at this time. To complicate matters, literally thousands of capital residents are flooding the hospitals looking for relatives and friends they fear may have been wounded in the attack. The normal phone lines are down so communication is a stand still presently.”
“I’m sorry David but I’ve got to cut you off there. We’ve just received word that a press conference is now beginning at the Pentagon. We now turn to our Washington correspondent, Larry Waters, who is standing by at the Pentagon.”
“Good evening Jenny. The Pentagon spokesperson, Teri Jenkins, has just indicated that the press conference will begin any moment now. General White, Chief of the JESUS task force, is expected to make a statement. Here he comes now.”
“Good evening ladies and gentlemen of the press. I have a small statement to read. You will be allowed to ask a few questions after my statement is completed.”
“At approximately 2100 this evening, the U.S. Military began a tactical strike against the airport and military compounds of Guinea-Bissau. U.S. Military Intelligence indicates that the government of Guinea-Bissau is supporting the Alliance Terrorist Group. The Alliance Terrorist Group is a new terrorist network, which was formed to support the al-Qaeda terrorists. The al-Qaeda terrorist group, due to the U.S. War on Terrorism, has found it more and more difficult to move around and plan further terrorist activity. For this reason, several radical groups that support the al-Qaeda have been formed to help these members move freely between countries in order to plan further terrorist activity. The Alliance Terrorist Group is a local western African terrorist group that is supported by several of the western African nations. Their training camps are located in Guinea-Bissau with the financial support of the Guinea-Bissau government. The bombing raids of this evening were aimed at the terrorist training camps and the airport. The operation is code-named Free Africa as we are freeing Africa of terrorism.”
General White stepped back from the microphone and Ms. Jenkins stepped forward. “I’ll now take a few questions.”
“The Bissau airport is heavily used by civilians. Were there any civilian casualties?”
“It’s too early to verify whether there were any civilian casualties in the airport but rest assured the U.S. has taken every necessary precaution to limit civilian casualties.”
“But the Bissau hospitals are being overrun by civilian casualties.”
“The Pentagon has not been able to independently verify that information.”
“What? The Pentagon doesn’t get CNN?” The reporters laughed but Jenkins pointed to the next person.
“We’ve been hearing reports that civilian areas surrounding the airport have been hit by bombs. Can you verify that?”
“We cannot verify if any civilian areas were hit. The raid was strategically aimed at the airport and terrorist camps.”
“It’s a civilian airport. Aren’t there bound to be civilian injuries?”
“The attack was carried out at a time when there are very few civilians located in the airport.”
“Excuse me but our reporters are telling us the opposite. The attacks were carried out during a time period when passenger flights from Europe usually arrive.” 
“I can’t comment on that.”  With that, Ms. Jenkins waved a hand at the rest of the reporters to indicate that the question and answer session was over. “I’m sorry but that’s all we have time for tonight.”  Teri Jenkins and General White walked off the small podium and exited through a door behind the podium. They were immune to the rest of the questions being yelled at them by the reporters.
“This is Jenny Harris, back at the CNN center in Atlanta. You’ve been watching a press conference from the Pentagon. CNN will continue to keep you updated about the situation in Guinea-Bissau. We’ll be right back after this short break.”

Chapter 12
Basic Hurdles – Jo
Sometime in the Past
It was no surprise to the girls, that basic training was the most difficult for Jo. Although Jo had a heart of gold, she was timid and afraid of the drill sergeants. They fed on Jo’s fear and loved to terrorize her. Luckily, Jo had three girls who had her back.
After Jo easily qualified as a sharpshooter, the girls relaxed a bit thinking that maybe Jo was coming out of her shell. Unfortunately, the next qualification for the recruits was bayonet training. The idea of holding onto a sharpened knife and thrusting it into someone’s chest scared the living daylights out of Jo. Amy and Charlie suspected that Billy, Jo’s husband, had hurt her with a knife at some point but they kept their suspicions to themselves. Jo was very sensitive about Billy. 
Across the street from the barracks was a huge sandpit where the soldiers staged their bayonet training. They practiced with dummy knives attached to their rifles. Jo was scared but it was only a plastic knife. She could handle this. 
The recruits stood in two rows facing each other. The four girls were, as usual, paired with each other: Jo with Charlie and Laura with Amy. Laura, standing next to Jo, encouraged her. “Come on, it’s not a real knife. You can’t hurt her.”
Charlie smiled at Jo encouragingly and wiggled her eyebrows. “You can’t hurt me,” she teased.
Jo made a half-hearted effort to run at Charlie and slash her with the bayonet. Unfortunately, one of the drill sergeants saw her. “You’re not gonna hurt anyone with that, Private Shelley. Come on, put some muscle into it!” 
Jo tried again, running faster this time but she failed to attack Charlie with her bayonet; running past her instead. The drill sergeant started to laugh at her this time. “What are you? Chicken or something? Are you gonna run away from the enemy? I don’t think you’re fast enough.”
Jo’s face started to crumble and the girls knew she was moments from letting the tears fall. Crying would just egg the drill sergeant on. They had do something, but what?
Thinking quickly Laura pulled her bayonet off her rifle. “Drill Sergeant! I can’t get my bayonet on my rifle properly.”
The drill sergeant went over to Laura to investigate and Charlie blocked his view so that Jo had some time to pull herself together. In a matter of seconds, the drill sergeant secured the bayonet to Laura’s weapon.
“There’s nothing wrong here.” He didn’t bother to give Laura a hard time. He knew it wouldn’t bother her and what was the fun in that? He walked away to terrorize a different trainee.
After watching him leave, Jo walked back to her place next to Laura. She had cried a bit but wiped away the tears. Laura patted her on her back. “Come on kid it’s not that bad.”
“Maybe not for you. They don’t bother you like they do me.”
Laura didn’t disagree but she couldn’t be honest with Jo and tell her that the drill sergeants only harassed her because Jo couldn’t take it. “I know, I know.”
“Come on, you guys, let’s get back to work before they see us,” yelled Amy. She had been watching out for the drill sergeants and saw one was heading their way.
When they finished practice at the sandpit, the company was marched back to the barracks. They returned their weapons and then stood in formation while the drill sergeants explained the activities for the next day. Apparently, they were going to a bayonet range in the morning. Jo nearly fell over. What in the world is a bayonet range?
“Everyone will be given real bayonets to be used properly. I expect no one to get hurt. You have fifteen minutes before chow. Fall out!”
The recruits scattered but Laura had to push Jo to get her moving. When they reached the female dorm, Jo collapsed on her bunk and began to cry. “I can’t do this. I can’t do anything. I’ll never make it through basic training. What was I thinking, joining the Army?” She whimpered.
Laura, Amy and Charlie gathered around her. They weren’t surprised by the outburst, this being one of several. Once Jo had even gone so far as to tell one of the drill sergeants she was quitting but somehow they had managed to talk her down.
“Come on, you can do it,” said Amy as she sat down on the bunk next to Jo and put her arm around her.
“Of course you can,” agreed Charlie sitting down on the opposite side of Jo. 
“With friends like us, how can you go wrong?” chimed in Laura. Laura sat down on the floor at Jo’s feet. “We’ve got your back, like we always do.”
“How? How can you possibly have my back? They’ll be watching us the whole time.”
“But it’s only pass fail. You just have to make it through, that’s all.”
Bayonet training was just one of the many training activities during basic that wasn’t necessary to pass. Trainees were merely required to do the activity so the proper box in their training file could be ticked off.
“What if they start screaming and yelling at me like they always do?”
“Don’t worry” said Amy as she hugged Jo tighter. “We got you. All we have to do is distract the drill sergeants any time one of them comes near you. Right guys?”
Laura and Charlie nodded in agreement. “Every time they come near, I’ll grunt especially loud. They love that shit,” Laura said. Everyone started to laugh in relief. “Now come on. We’re not gonna be doin’ shit tomorrow if we’re late for chow.”
Early the next morning Charlie Company marched to the bayonet range. Jo was still nervous but she was certain that the girls would help, if they could. She just wasn’t convinced that they would always be around to help her. 
After reaching the range, the recruits were told to line up in a single file. The girls maneuvered so they could be near each other. Charlie was in front of Jo, with Amy and Laura behind her.
As the recruits ran through the course, the drill sergeants roamed around the woods and tried to jump out at the recruits when they were least expecting it. Fortunately, the leaves had already begun to fall so the drill sergeants didn’t have many places to hide. Every time Amy, Charlie or Laura saw a drill sergeant, they screamed particularly loud at the targets. The drill sergeants loved it and ignored Jo.
The entire course didn’t take long, forty-five minutes tops. They were back in the barracks returning their rifles before heading out to lunch and Jo was smiling. “I can’t believe it. They didn’t bother me at all,” she whispered to Laura. Laura laughed. Her voice hoarse from yelling so much. 
Finishing the bayonet course without incident, improved Jo’s confidence for the remainder of basic training. She was still timid but had faith that her friends would always have her back. With her friends, she could do anything.

Chapter 13
Operation Free Africa Causes Public Outcry
Sometime in the Past
“Good evening, this is Larry Waters, speaking to you live from the Pentagon where the spokesperson has announced there will be a press conference within a few minutes.”
“Do we have any idea what the press conference concerns, Larry?”
“Well, Jenny, the Pentagon and Department of Defense have been under tremendous pressure from the public to answer the allegation that thousands of civilians lost their lives in Operation Free Africa. Furthermore, there is an unsupported allegation that the military was aware that there would be heavy civilian damage and did nothing to minimize the casualties.”
“Those are pretty heavy allegations, Larry.”
“Yes, yes indeed they are. We’re hoping that Teri Jenkins, the Pentagon Spokesperson, will be able to answer these accusations. Just a second, I’m receiving information that the press conference is about to begin.”
“This is Jenny Harris from the CNN Center in Atlanta. We take you now, live to the Pentagon for a press conference from the Pentagon Spokesperson.”
“Good evening, ladies and gentlemen of the press. I have a short statement to read. You will be given the opportunity to ask questions after the statement is read.”
“The Department of Defense has been able to confirm that there were at least five thousand civilian casualties during the bombing raids conducted in Guinea-Bissau during Operation Free Africa. At this point, it is impossible to say with any certainty how many civilians incurred non-life-threatening injuries. The Department of Defense and the U.S. deeply regret the heavy civilian casualties. The President has personally spoken to President Yala of Guinea-Bissau to express his sympathies for the unfortunate loss of civilian lives. In order to help Guinea-Bissau through this crisis, the U.S. will begin sending medical and other humanitarian aid to the region tomorrow. That’s all the information I currently have.”
Immediately, every hand in the pressroom rose. Some reporters even jumped to their feet trying to capture Jenkins’ attention. But Jenkins, as every spokesperson before her, called on the first person to raise their hand in the front row.
“Larry Waters, CNN. Can you answer the allegations that the military was aware Operation Free Africa would cause heavy civilian damage and nothing was done to minimize this damage?”
“I have no information which confirms this rumor.” Without missing a beat, Jenkins pointed to the next reporter.
The next reporter, however, didn’t want to leave the topic. “But the bombing raids were aimed at a public airport and a heavily populated poor area; how could the military not be aware that there would be heavy civilian casualties?”
“The bombing raids were not aimed at civilians. The raids were aimed towards the location of terrorist cells.”
“Are you saying that a poor neighborhood in the outskirts of Bissau is a terrorist cell?”
“I do not make the determination as to where terrorist cells are. I can, however, confirm that the targets of the bombing raids carried out during Operation Free Africa were terrorist cells. It had been confirmed that terrorist activity had been carried out in these specific areas. Now, can we move on, please?”
After a few more minutes of questions to which the spokesperson had no answers, the press conference ended.
“That was Teri Jenkins, Pentagon Spokesperson, making a short statement to the press at the Pentagon. To summarize, the Pentagon has confirmed that there were at least five thousand civilian casualties during two days of bombing raids on Guinea-Bissau. In addition, the U.S. will be sending medical and humanitarian supplies to Guinea-Bissau starting tomorrow. Ms. Jenkins was unable; however, to answer the allegation that the military was aware that civilian casualties would be high, refusing to make any arrangements to limit these casualties. Do you have any additional comments, Larry?”
“Well, Jenny, the statement by the Pentagon is no surprise. Faced with reports from independent sources, the Pentagon cannot deny the heavy civilian damage. It was unfortunate she was unable to answer the allegations concerning the military’s prior knowledge of the possible civilian damage. But I don’t think we’ve heard the last of these allegations yet.”
“Thank you, Larry. We now turn to Peter James in New York City where a large group has gathered. Peter, where are you now?”
“Good evening, Jenny. I’m standing in Central Park where a group of approximately five thousand people have gathered to protest the U.S. military action in Guinea-Bissau. So far, it’s a calm crowd. There have been a few incidents in which the police have participated but for the most part, it’s a silent gathering.”
“What has the crowd’s reaction been to the statement by the Pentagon?”
“Most seem gratified that the U.S. is admitting to the civilian casualties. However, they want more. They want the U.S. to issue an official apology to the government and people of Guinea-Bissau.”
“Any comments concerning the Pentagon’s refusal to answer the accusations about the military’s prior knowledge of the civilian casualties?”
“Yes, definitely. People want answers. They want the U.S. to take accountability for its actions.”
“Unfortunately, I’m going to have to cut in there, Peter, we’re running out of time. We’ll be right back after this short break.”

Chapter 14
Basic Hurdles – Laura
Sometime in the Past
The girls assumed that Laura would sail through basic training. She seemed so tough – unafraid of the drill sergeants. But, everyone has a weak spot and six weeks into basic, Laura’s weak spot became obvious. Physical training – or PT as it was called in the Army – was Laura’s personal hell. Female recruits of Laura’s age were required to do eighteen push-ups, sixty sit-ups and run two miles in 18:58 minutes.
Officially, the recruits weren’t required to pass a PT test until the end of AIT-Advanced Individualized Training - but there was still a PT test half way through and again at the end of basic. No one was required to meet the official requirements, yet, but there were unofficial results, which each recruit was expected to meet. If a recruit failed to meet these unofficial results, the recruit would be put on probation.
The half way mark in basic was upon them. At this point in basic, Laura and the rest of the females were expected to do 12 push-ups, 40 sit-ups and run 2 miles in 20 minutes or less. The two-mile run was the last item on the PT test. Amy finished first and waited for the others. Charlie and Jo both finished with decent times. 
“Good job, guys!” Amy clapped as Charlie and Jo tried to catch their breath.
“Thanks, where’s Laura?” asked Charlie.
“I haven’t seen her. Didn’t you guys see her?”
They both shook their heads. “Shit,” muttered Amy. “She didn’t make the push-ups either.” 
They stood waiting for Laura but the time was already past twenty minutes. Two more minutes had passed before they saw Laura approaching the finish line. She was running with one of the drill sergeants who was screaming at her to keep going. Amy, Charlie and Jo joined in. 
“Come on, Laura! You can do it!” They clapped and cheered until Laura crossed the finish line with a time, almost three minutes over the expected result.
After the soldiers were herded to their barracks for showers, Laura collapsed on her bunk. “I’m glad that’s over.”
“But, it’s not over. You still have to take the official PT test at the end of AIT,” Amy chimed in.
“No problem.” Laura was nonchalant, but Amy was shocked. “How can you say that? You failed two events today!”
“Yeah, yeah, but then the pressure will be on and I’ll pull through.”
“I don’t think it works like that,” Jo said. “I think they’re going to make you do this PT test over and if you don’t pass, they’re going to kick you out.” Jo took all the threats of the drill sergeants to heart.
Laura shook her head. “Jo, they just say that shit to scare us. They can’t really do it. Come on, let’s get going.” 
After showering and eating breakfast, the soldiers lined up in formation. “Listen up,” yelled a drill sergeant. “If I call your name, I want you to go stand in line in front of the XO’s office. The rest of you are on clean up duty.” A bunch of moans could be heard from formation. No one liked clean-up duty.
“Brown, Jones, Smith, Rogers, Tilley, Young,” called the drill sergeant. Laura left formation to go stand in line.
After they were dismissed, Amy, Charlie and Jo grabbed garbage bags and headed to the furthest point away from the supervising drill sergeants.
“What do you think it is?” questioned Charlie.
“It’s the PT test,” whispered Jo. “I told you. They’re gonna try and kick her out.” 
“Relax Jo. They can’t kick her out that easily. Besides, Laura’s a good soldier; she’s safe for now.” Amy was always the voice of reason. Well, except for when it came to guns of course.
“Good soldier?” snorted Charlie. “They can’t stand her.”
Before Amy could reply, a drill sergeant standing behind her, barked: “More cleaning, less chitchatting, ladies.” 
“Yes, drill sergeant!”
The girls spread out over the field and picked up garbage until lunchtime. When they were called back to the barracks for lunch, Laura was waiting, looking upset. There was no chance of talking to Laura until after lunch. When lunch was finished, they had a few minutes to run upstairs to the barracks and get washed up. Amy, Charlie and Jo quickly cornered Laura. 
“What’s going on?” Jo asked.
Laura sat down on her bunk and pulled out a sheet of paper, which she offered to Jo. Amy grabbed it and scanned it quickly. 
“Those fuckers are trying to kick me out,” growled Laura. “I have to take the PT test over. If I don’t pass, I get another warning. Then, if I don’t pass the PT test at the end of basic, I’m out.
Jo sat down next to Laura and put an arm around her. “That won’t happen. We’ll help you.” Jo looked to the other girls for support. 
“Of course we will,” Charlie agreed immediately.
“When’s the repeat PT test?” Amy was all business as usual.
“In two weeks.”
“Two weeks? Are they crazy? You’ve got nearly three minutes to make up for in your run!”
“I think maybe if I improve my time, it’ll be okay.”
Amy shook the paper. “Not according to this, it won’t.”
Charlie grabbed the paper from Amy. “Amy, stop it. You’re not helping.”
“Sorry.” Amy sat down next to Laura. “Look. I’ll help you. Of course I will, but you have to promise me one thing.”
“Anything.”
“You have to listen to me. You can’t slack off. Two weeks isn’t much time.” 
Laura smiled at Amy. “You sound like a drill sergeant.” 
“I’m not kidding. I’m being totally serious. This is going to be hard.” 
“Okay, Okay.” Laura held her hands up in surrender. “I’ll do it. I can’t get kicked out. I don’t have anything else.”
“You won’t get kicked out. Not with drill sergeant Larson helping you,” teased Charlie. They laughed and let the tension ebb away before heading downstairs for formation and whatever fun-filled activity the drill sergeants had planned for the afternoon. 
That evening the girls sat down to make an extra PT schedule for Laura. “We’re gonna have to use all the extra spare time we have,” began Amy. 
“Extra time? Are you high? What extra time?” asked Jo.
“Well, we’ve got Sundays free now, plus evenings after dinner if we’re not out at the range or something. That’s plenty of time.” Charlie was more upbeat.
Amy made a schedule with the times. “We need to concentrate on push-ups and running. How’d you do in sit-ups by the way?”
“I passed with forty-two sit-ups.” 
“That’s good. Can you do that again or should we do some ab training as well?”
“I guess it wouldn’t hurt.”
“Okay. We’ll do sit-ups and push-ups together then.” Amy was writing furiously on her schedule. “This is what I’ve got. We’ll go for a long run on Sundays. That’s the only time we’ve got a chance. Then, during the week, we’ll do sit-ups and push-ups on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Tuesday and Thursday we’ll run. How does that sound?”
“In addition to our normal PT? Psychotic,” answered Laura.
“Easy peasy. You’ve got Saturday off.” 
“Wow. Lucky me.” 
“Don’t be so sarcastic. And you have to promise to work hard during regular PT, not goof off like you’ve been doing.” 
“Don’t worry, I’ll take care of that,” answered Jo. “We always pair up anyway.” 
“You guys are worse than the drill sergeants,” teased Laura.
“And don’t you forget it!” 
The next day was Sunday. After breakfast, the recruits were given free time until lunch. They could make phone calls, do laundry and even sleep, as long as they stayed in the barracks area. In order to go for a run, the girls would need permission from a drill sergeant. 
Laura went off to ask and came back carrying two fluorescent vests. She handed one to Amy. “What’s this for?”
“If we want to run, we have to wear them.” 
“Great.” 
“Oh, and we can only go around the block.” 
“That’s Okay. It’s nearly a mile around. We’ll go around three times today.” 
Laura groaned but Amy pushed her towards the road. “Come on. Once it’s over, you’ll feel great.”
“Yeah, right. What are you, some kind of freak or something?”
Amy laughed and started to jog slowly. “Come on big mouth, keep up.” 
Amy and Laura settled into the routine Amy had sketched. They worked hard for two weeks. When the big day – the makeover PT test – arrived, Laura was nervous. “What if I don’t make it?”
“You’ll make it,” Amy said. “You better, after all that hard work.” 
Charlie and Jo agreed. “Of course you’ll make it.” 
“I’d feel a lot better if you were with me,” Laura nodded at Amy.
“I’ll be right here, cheering you on.”
“No, I mean running with me.” 
“Well, then ask. I’ll run with you.” 
“You will?” Laura looked hopeful.
“Of course I will doofus. I’ve been working my butt off for two weeks now. If you think it will help, I’ll run with you.” 
“I’ll go ask.”  Laura ran off but returned quickly smiling. “Put on your PT’s. You’re going with.” 
Amy ran upstairs to change. The rest of Charlie Company fell into formation to move out to the obstacle course. Charlie and Jo wouldn’t be able to cheer Laura on after all, but they gave her a thumbs-up as they left. 
Six privates and Amy remained at Charlie Company to do the PT test. The six were matched off into three pairs. Push-ups was the first event. The drill sergeant read the rules, even though the privates had been hearing the same thing week after week. The first three privates got on their hands and knees to begin. 
Laura ended up in the first group waiting on her hands and knees. The drill sergeant yelled, “Front leaning rest position!” and they began.
Amy immediately started to yell. “Come on, Laura! You can do it!”
Laura started off strong, doing six push-ups before needing a break. Amy cheered. “Alright, Laura. Half way there!” 
Laura took a small pause and did four more.
Amy clapped. “Come on. You only need to do two more.”
Laura did one more push-up and stopped again. 
“30 seconds remaining,” yelled the drill sergeant. 
“Plenty of time, Laura. Just one more.” 
Laura did one more push-up and stopped yet again. 
“Good job, Laura. The rest is just icing on the cake.” Amy clapped and cheered like an idiot. 
“Ten seconds remaining.” 
“Come on, Laura. Push yourself.” 
Laura did two more push-ups before collapsing on the mat. Amy cheered and ran over to her. “Good job, Laura. One down, two to go.” 
While the second half of the group did their push-ups, Laura had two minutes to rest before the sit-up portion of the event. Amy gave her some water and helped her stretch her upper body. 
“How does that feel?”
“I feel great. It wasn’t that bad.” Laura was grinning from ear to ear. 
“Of course not.” 
The second group finished with push-ups and Laura laid down on the mat for sit-ups. 
“This is the easy event remember. Don’t wear yourself out before the run,” coached Amy. 
There was no need to worry. Laura did 40 sit-ups in the first minute and a half without taking a break. After she paused for a few seconds, she did fifteen more. 
“Fifty-five! That’s great!” 
There was a five-minute break before the running began. Amy and Laura took the time to warm-up and stretch out. To Amy’s surprise, Laura confessed to being nervous. “Don’t worry. You’ll make it, even if I have to drag your lily-white ass.” 
“Ten seconds to go,” yelled the drill sergeant. He started to count backwards until he reached zero and screamed, “Go!”
Laura started quickly, but Amy forced her to slow her pace. Amy was wearing a watch to keep track of their pace. Her goal was to run the two miles in under nineteen minutes although Laura had twenty minutes to complete the two miles.
At the mile mark, Amy checked her watch. “Right on pace,” she told Laura. “Under ten minutes.” 
“Under ten minutes? We’re ahead of pace,” puffed Laura.
“The second mile is always slower. Come on, keep going.” 
The second mile was indeed much tougher. Laura was getting tired and Amy had to continuously yell at her to keep going. 
“I can’t do it,” Laura whined. 
“Of course you can! Do you think I’d be out here running with a loser?” Amy joked, running effortlessly.
“Not funny,” Laura managed to answer.
“Come on, only a little ways left. I can almost see the barracks.”
“With your eyes?”
Amy continued to yell and push Laura to the finish. When she could truly see the barracks, she started to run a little faster. Laura struggled to keep up. After a few meters, they could hear the drill sergeant yelling out the time.
“18:30, 18:35, 18:40…”
“Come on, you’re going to be under 19 minutes!” Amy ran even faster. “You’re almost there.” 
Laura crossed the finish line as the drill sergeant yelled, “Nineteen minutes,” and she collapsed on the group. Amy reached over and pulled her up. “Oh no, you don’t. Walk it off.” 
“You made it!” Amy yelled.
“I did, didn’t I?” Laura let out a little yell.
There were still two more PT tests to go, but Laura with a little bit of help from her friends, would pass them.

Chapter 15
General White Retires Amid Controversy
Sometime in the Past
“This is Jenny Harris at the CNN Center in Atlanta. We interrupt our regularly scheduled programming to bring you a live press conference from the Pentagon. Larry Waters joins us at the Pentagon. Hi Larry.”
“Hello Jenny.”
“Larry, do we have any idea what this sudden press conference is about?”
“Well, it’s not entirely clear. We assume, of course, that Operation Free Africa is the main reason for the press conference. Other than that, Teri Jenkins, the Pentagon Spokesperson, is not giving us any clues.”
“When can we expect the press conference to begin?”
“Teri Jenkins is already here in the pressroom so I expect it to begin any moment. Oh wait, this is interesting. General White has just joined Teri Jenkins at the podium. Okay, it looks like we’re about to begin.”
“Good evening, ladies and gentlemen of the press. I’m going to make a small announcement after which, you will have a short time to ask questions. The U.S. Department of Defense would like to announce the retirement of General Lewis White from the position of Chief of the JESUS task force. General Lewis will also be retiring from the U.S. Army at the same time. General Lewis has been one of the most valuable and trusted military advisors to the President during his term as Chief of the JESUS task force. The President regrets General Lewis’s decision to retire and wishes the General success with his future endeavors.”
“General White, why retire now? Right in the middle of Operation Free Africa?”
“Well…”
“Does this have anything to do with the huge loss of civilian lives?”
“Well…”
“Gentlemen, if you’ll ask your questions one at a time, the General will be able to answer. I believe you,” the spokesperson pointed to a reporter in the front row, “had the first question.”
“Yes, thank you. Could you tell us why you decided to retire so suddenly? Especially considering the on-going Operation Free Africa?”
“This is hardly a sudden decision for me. My wife and I have been discussing my retirement for several years now. I’ve had a good, long and distinguished career. I’ve accomplished everything I could have possibly hoped to accomplish when I joined the Army thirty-five years ago. The time was just right for retirement.”
“What about Operation Free Africa? Do you think the operation will suffer in your absence?”
“My successor has been completely briefed on the operation. He has been involved in this since day one. There will not be any adverse consequences to the operation due to my retirement.”
“What about your retirement amid the public protests? Does this outcry have anything to do with your retirement?”
“No, absolutely not. The military has a task to do of protecting this country. Sometimes, the manner in which we go about doing that will cause commotions. It has been this way for centuries but the military must go on. We cannot stop our job of defending the country because of public protests.”
“What about the loss of civilian lives? Could those casualties have been prevented?”
“I’m not here to discuss Operation Free Africa. I’m here to announce my retirement, but let me state this emphatically; my retirement does not have anything to do with Operation Free Africa.” At this point General White stepped back from the microphone and nodded to Teri Jenkins.
“I’m sorry. That’s all the time we have for questions today. Thank you for coming.” 
“Well, Jenny, that’s quite a shock. General White, Chief of Task Force JESUS, is retiring during a major military action.”
“Larry, is it really possible that the General’s retirement has nothing to do with the public outcry following Operation Free Africa?”
“I find it hard to believe that the one has nothing to do with the other. General White was touted as the next Chief of Staff and I don’t think he would give up that opportunity on his own. It looks like President Windam is forcing General White out. Either that or President Windam has made it clear that General White will be making no more steps up on his career ladder.” 
“Thanks Larry. We’re going to go now to CNN’s White House Correspondent, Leslie Freed, who is standing by. Leslie, has President Windam made any statement regarding General White’s retirement?”
“President Windam has stated that General White was a trusted and valuable member of his military advisory staff and will be missed. The President refused to answer any questions regarding a possible connection with the fiasco of Operation Free Africa.” 
“Do you think there is one?”
“Well, Jenny, I have to agree with Larry. General White was poised to take over the position of Chief of Staff upon General Holden’s retirement. I agree that General White would not give that up unless he was forced to.”
“Thank you Leslie. Is there any chance that President Windam will make further statements about the situation?”
“I don’t think so. President Windam is currently meeting with his Chief of Staff and after that he’s flying to Europe for a conference with the European Union. I don’t think we’ll be hearing from the President again on this matter.”
“Thank you Leslie. If you’ve just joined us, let me give you a small summary of what’s happening. In a Pentagon press conference, it was announced that General White will be retiring. He refused to acknowledge any connection with the failure of Operation Free Africa. The President has also refused to comment on any possible connection between General White’s retirement and Operation Free Africa. CNN will continue to keep you posted on any new developments in the situation. We’ll be right back after this short break.”

Chapter 16
Basic Hurdles – Charlie stumbles
Sometime in the Past
One of the last training events for the recruits during basic training was hand to hand combat. 
“Just in case we run out of ammo, lose our bayonets, lose our rifles AND we’re still alive,” joked Amy. 
Charlie didn’t think Amy or hand to hand combat was funny. She was a college graduate for Christ-sakes! Why did she need to use her hands to fight? “It’s barbaric. How can they expect us to fight the enemy with our hands?”
“Oh, don’t be so prissy,” chimed in Laura. “You’re in the Army now for fuck’s sake.” 
Charlie looked sharply at Laura. “Heathen,” she hissed at her.
Amy and Jo looked curiously at each other. “Come on guys, don’t fight. It’s no big deal Charlie. Fighting amongst ourselves won’t do any good.” 
“Tell that to the barbarian,” Charlie said before stomping off. 
“What was that all about?” asked Laura.
“I don’t know. Maybe she was serious about the whole hand to hand combat thing?” Amy could only guess what Charlie’s problem was. 
“After all, she is a Southerner,” replied Laura with an exaggerated Southern accent. 
“Don’t make fun of her! We can’t help where we come from.” Jo was quick to defend Charlie. She hated to fight and she especially hated to see her friends fighting each other. 
“Calm down Jo. We’re not making fun of anyone.” 
Over the intercom, a drill sergeant announced that it was time for dinner. The women got up from their bunks and headed downstairs for formation and some food. But when Amy, Jo and Laura got into formation, Charlie refused to join them. She stood away from them, in a different squad.
“What are you doing,” hissed Amy. “You’re gonna get in trouble for standing in the wrong squad.” 
“I don’t care.” 
Luckily, no one noticed Charlie and the company marched to the dining hall without incidence. Amy, Jo and Laura sat next to each other to eat but Charlie again refused to join them sitting instead by herself at a different table.
“This is ridiculous,” whispered Laura. Jo and Amy nodded in agreement but didn’t speak, as talking wasn’t allowed in the mess hall.
The recruits had some free time after dinner, normally using it to do laundry, shine boots or clean. Charlie grabbed her laundry bag and headed downstairs to the laundry room without saying a word to the others. Laura stood up to follow her but Amy stopped her. “I’ll go.” 
“Fine.” Laura huffed and dropped onto her bunk. Jo looked up from her ironing but didn’t say anything.
Amy finally caught up with Charlie in the laundry room. “Hey! What’s going on? Why aren’t you talking to us?”
“I’m talking to you and Jo. I just don’t want to have anything more to do with Laura. She’s so barbarian and low-class.” 
“You never had any problems with her before.”
Charlie was busy stuffing her dirty uniforms into the washing machine and didn’t bother to look at Amy before responding. “That’s not true; I just never said anything before. I just can’t stand it anymore.” 
“Laura has been a really good friend to you. Why do you want to throw that away?”
Charlie turned and faced Amy. “Look, I really don’t want to talk about this anymore, okay?” She flipped on the washing machine, turned and left the laundry room and Amy behind. 
When Amy made it back to the barracks, Jo was waiting for her. “What’s going on with Charlie? Is she mad at us?” 
“Nah, she’s just being a pain right now. We all get fed up sometimes. Why don’t we just give her a little space right now?” Without any other choice, Jo just nodded.
Hand to hand combat training began the next day in the sandpit across the street from the barracks complex. The entire day was spent learning and practicing maneuvers until the soldiers were exhausted. 
It had been a quiet day for the girls. Normally they joked and laughed when the drill sergeants weren’t watching, but not now. Charlie was ignoring them and Laura wasn’t talking either. Amy and Jo had no choice but to pair up together and they didn’t feel much like talking either. 
The next day was more hand to hand combat but instead of exercises in the sandpit, each recruit was given the chance to fight another recruit with a pogo stick. The recruits wore ridiculous thick padding to ensure no one got hurt. 
The drill sergeants paired the soldiers off. They didn’t want friends pairing together and taking it easy on each other. “Alright, next to get suited up will be Specialist Meeks and Private Brown,” said the drill sergeant with an evil grin on his face. He had noticed that Charlie and Laura weren’t speaking. This should be fun.
Charlie and Laura didn’t speak as they put on the heavy padding and helmet. Charlie was nervous. She knew Laura was much stronger than she was and Laura had no reason to hold back now that Charlie wasn’t speaking to her. Amy and Jo looked on in horror. Although Laura was a good friend, they knew she could only be pushed so far. 
“You two ready? You’ll have two minutes to battle it out,” said the drill sergeant. 
“Ready, drill sergeant!” 
“Go!”
The drill sergeants were disappointed. Private Brown didn’t immediately destroy Meeks. The two just tiptoed around each other for their allotted time. It ended up to be a boring fight. When the two minutes were up, Charlie and Laura stepped out of the ring to take off the padding.
“Why were you nice to me?” asked Charlie, after she had finally managed to get her helmet off.
Laura shrugged. “You’re still my friend even if you can be a royal pain in the ass sometimes. Besides, I would have killed your skinny, college-educated ass.” 
Charlie stilled for a second, but then started to giggle. Laura joined her and by the time Amy and Jo caught up to them, they were laughing hysterically. Charlie and Laura couldn’t say why they were hysterical but the friendship was saved.

Chapter 17
Girls Reunited – D.C.
Present Day
As Amy was rushing to pack her briefcase, the phone rang. She stared at the phone, debating whether to answer the dang thing. Finally, with more than a little irritation, she pushed the intercom button.
“What is it Mary?” She yelled into the phone while continuing to pack.
“The taxi’s here to take you to the airport. Oh, and I’ve confirmed your reservation at the Hyatt in Alexandria.”
Amy shared a thanks and pushed the intercom button, disconnecting the phone. She finished packing her briefcase and grabbed her suitcase. The suitcase was large and heavy, as she didn’t know for how long she would be gone. Trailing the heavy suitcase behind her, she ran out of the office, said goodbye to Mary and a few others before catching her taxi. 
*****
“I don’t know why you have to rush off all of a sudden,” argued Bill.
Charlotte sighed. Her packed bags lay on the floor beside her. “I told you about this last week. Some girlfriends and I decided it would be fun to get out for a change.” 
“What about the kids? Who’s going to take care of them?”
Charlotte sat down. They had gone over this a thousand times already. “I told you, my parents are taking the twins.” 
Outside, the taxi honked its horn. “I need to catch my plane. Don’t be angry.” Panic soared in Charlotte with the idea of leaving Bill angry. 
“I’m not angry. I’m just annoyed that you didn’t take me into consideration when you decided to go off on your little adventure.” It was hardly a little adventure but Charlie couldn’t tell Bill that.
Charlotte stood and grabbed her handbag. She bent over and kissed Bill goodbye. “I’ll call you every day.” 
“I won’t be home often.” It’s not like you’re ever home anyway, Charlotte sighed again.
Forcing her voice to remain calm, Charlotte answered, “Don’t worry. I’ll just keep trying then.” She waited for Bill to say something but he had already turned his attention to the newspaper. She gave up and left, grabbing her luggage on the way out. 
*****
Billy looked up from the bed. “Watcha’ doing babe?” he asked in a whisper. It was early morning and Billy was fighting a hangover from the previous night’s binge.
“I’m packing,” Jo said as she threw clothes into a dirty sports bag. She had no idea what to bring so she was packing everything ‘nice’ she had.
“Packing? Ya going somewhere?” Billy tried to sit up but failed. Falling back into the bed, he tried shielding his eyes from the single light bulb hanging above the bed.
“Billy, I told you. I need to go to D.C., remember? The Army sent me that letter saying I had to go there for some tests.” Jo answered without looking at Billy. He could always tell when she was lying. 
Billy didn’t like to be reminded of Jo being in the Army. It was the one time that he had almost lost her, but he knew that Jo couldn’t ignore an order from the U.S. Army. “When ya gonna be back?”
Jo shrugged her shoulders. “I don’t know. Hopefully not too long.” 
The doorbell rang. “That’s the taxi. I need to get going. I made you breakfast.” Jo leaned down and kissed Billy. “I’ll call.” 
When Billy didn’t respond, Jo grabbed her bag and left.
*****
Laura looked at her watch. She had agreed to meet Amy at eight in the reception area of the Hyatt. Amy wanted her to stay with them. She said it was so they could re-live good times and have some new ones but Laura knew better. Amy wanted to keep an eye on her. Amy didn’t trust her to stay clean.
For the moment, Laura was clean. In more ways than one. She hadn’t had a drink or a hit for two days now and she had cleaned herself up and borrowed some nicer clothes. But her resolution to stay clean was wavering now that the time to meet everyone was drawing near.  
One drink won’t hurt. She went to the cupboard to grab a glass but changed her mind. Amy would kill her if she showed up with alcohol on her breath, but she had to do something. The walls were closing in on her. She looked at her watch again. It was only six. She decided to leave, the temptation in her room was too strong to withhold for another two hours.
*****
Laura reached the Hyatt by 6:45. There was no mall or shops in the area so she entered the lobby and sat down in one of the over-stuffed chairs. She sat watching people come and go, and it wasn’t long before the Hyatt personnel noticed her.
One of the desk clerks walked over to where Laura was sitting. “May I help you?”
Laura looked up at her with trepidation. “No thanks. I’m just waiting for my friends.” 
The desk clerk looked lost. Her boss had told her to get rid of the woman. “I’m afraid that I’m going to have to ask you to leave,” she stuttered.
Laura stood up. She was about to yell at the clerk when someone tapped the clerk on her shoulder. “Is there a problem here?” Amy asked.
“Well, ma’am, this woman…,” the clerk stuttered.
“This woman is a good friend of mine.” Amy walked over and demonstratively put her arm around Laura’s shoulder.
The clerk stood frozen. She didn’t know what to do. “Why don’t you go back to work now?” Amy suggested. The clerk practically ran away.
Amy turned and hugged Laura. “You look fabulous!” 
Laura shrugged, still mad about the incident. “Not that fabulous, obviously.” 
Amy waved at the desk clerk. “Oh don’t mind her. She doesn’t know anything. They just say ma’am to you if you’re wearing a suit. If you’re not, they don’t know what to do with you.” Amy was wearing a black and white pinstriped power suit. It made her feel confident and dressing this morning she had thought she might need some of that.
“Come on, let’s go check in.” Amy released Laura and grabbed her bag. Amy was pleased to see that Laura too had packed a bag. She hadn’t been sure whether Laura would take her strong suggestion to stay with them.
After they checked in, they went straight to their room. Amy tipped the bellboy while Laura looked around. “Oh my God,” she said. “This is huge.” 
Amy laughed. She had reserved a suite with two bedrooms. Each bedroom had two double beds and a bathroom. “Do you like it?” 
“I’m never leaving.” 
Amy grabbed her bags and headed for the bigger bedroom. “I’m just going to change out of this monkey suit,” she yelled.
Laura ran into the bedroom. “You got gypped. There’s no liquor in the mini bar.” 
Amy gritted her teeth and decided to tell Laura the truth. “I didn’t know if you could handle the temptation.” 
Laura was surprisingly casual about it. “Oh well then, as long as they didn’t rip you off.” She walked away.
“Ya wanna coke or something,” Laura yelled from the kitchen.
“Diet, if they have it.” 
Amy finished changing and went into the living room. Laura had opened two diet cokes and a bag of peanuts. Amy sat down on the sofa and grabbed her soda. She took a big gulp of it straight from the can.
“So, how are you doing,” Amy asked after setting her can back down.
Before Laura could answer, the bell rang. Amy checked her watch. It was probably Jo. Charlie would have just walked right in. Laura ran to answer the door before Amy could get up.
“Jo!” Laura screamed when she opened the door.
The two screamed and hugged. The bellboy looked on, startled. Amy took the bags from him and gave him a tip. She pushed the two screaming girls inside so that she could shut the door.
Jo released herself from Laura’s grip and turned to Amy. Amy reached over and hugged her. “How are you Jo? Any problems?”
Jo shook her head. “No, no problems. Thanks for everything.” 
Amy just smiled. “Charlie should be here soon. Shall we have a drink while we’re waiting?”
Laura ran to the mini-bar. “Jo, come here. Look at this place!” Jo followed after her. The two looked around, exploring the suite before finally going to sit in the living room. 
After only a few minutes, the door swept open and in walked Charlie. “Well, I do declare, they will let absolutely anyone rent a suite at the Hyatt nowadays,” she said with an exaggerated Southern accent. 
Amy rose and walked to her. The two quickly hugged. “Come in and say hi to everyone.” 
Laura and Jo ran over and hugged Charlie at the same time. “Ya’ll are gonna crush my traveling suit,” joked Charlie.
There was much screaming and yelling but eventually everyone sat down and relaxed. Amy took a deep breath, preparing herself to discuss the problem, but as she looked at the happy faces of friends, she hadn’t seen for years, she couldn’t do it. She sighed. Tomorrow was a new day. A day in which they would have to face their demons, whether they wanted to or not.

Chapter 18
Senate announces appointment of 11 Senators to Senate Select Committee to Investigate U.S. Bombing of Guinea-Bissau
Present Day
In a press conference at the Capital today, Senator Lewis (D-Rhode Island) announced the eleven members of the Senate Select Committee to Investigate U.S. Bombing of Guinea-Bissau.
The Senators selected for the Committee are Lewis, Lacey (D-Wisconsin), Ryan (D-Washington), Thornton (D-Georgia), Williams (D-Colorado), Bunt (R-West Virginia), Erikson (D-Minnesota), Johnson (R-Indiana), Mathers (R-Illinois), Meyers (D-Ohio), and Ross (R-Virginia). Senator Lewis of Rhode Island is the senior ranking member of the Senate Committee.
Senator Lewis also announced that the investigation by the Senate Select Committee to Investigate U.S. Bombing of Guinea-Bissau would be conducted jointly with the House Select Committee to Investigate U.S. Military Action in Guinea-Bissau. He refused to comment whether the Select Committees planned to hold joint hearings in the future.
Senator Lewis made no further statements. He refused to comment on Special Prosecutor Lawrence’s earlier statements that there were some irregularities in the procedure that was used to order the military action in Guinea-Bissau.
Earlier this week, on July 15th, the U.S. Congress established special committees to investigate the bombings of Guinea-Bissau in 2003. The Senate established the Senate Select Committee to Investigate U.S. Bombing of Guinea-Bissau while the House established the House Select Committee to Investigate U.S. Military Action in Guinea-Bissau. Prior to the establishment of the Senate and House Committees, John Lawrence was appointed Special Prosecutor to investigate alleged wrongdoing concerning bombings of Guinea-Bissau.

Chapter 19
Curiosity Killed the Cat?
Sometime in the Past
Everyone breathed a sigh of relief when basic was over. That was the hard part. AIT – Advanced Individualized Training – would be a piece of cake. At least that’s what Hollywood movies led you to believe but, as usual, Hollywood was wrong. The newly anointed soldiers first began to suspect things were wrong when they weren’t allowed a weekend pass in between the official transition between basic and AIT. After they received certificates of accomplishment from the Army, signed by Charlie Company’s Commander, they went straight back to work.
Despite the rigorous training, the soldiers did entertain more freedom than during basic. ‘Free’ evenings spent cleaning weapons and doing extra PT during basic were now spent relaxing and even sneaking to the candy machine if the drill sergeants weren’t watching close enough. Mostly due to the arduous training, the time passed quickly enough and soon the end of AIT approached.
Although Amy, Charlie, Jo and Laura were happy that basic was behind them and AIT nearly finished, they were concerned that none of them had received orders yet. Every day at morning formation, a few privates would get their orders but so far, none of the four women had been so lucky.
“We’ve got to do something about this,” Laura began.
“What can we do?” answered Charlie and Jo simultaneously.
“There’s not much we can do if the Army hasn’t given us orders yet,” Amy added, ever the voice of reason.
“Come on, Laura. This is not some conspiracy against you,” laughed Charlie.
“I still say we’ve gotta do something.”
Jo shook her head. “You do something. I’m staying out of this.”
“Don’t be such a chicken.”
“If you’re so worried, why don’t you just ask Drill Sergeant Harris if your orders are ready yet,” suggested Amy. It sounded like a friendly suggestion but really, Amy was just trying to prevent Laura from going through with another one of her harebrained schemes.
“Maybe I will.” They had been sitting on their bunks talking and shining their boots but now Laura got up and left the barracks. She was back only a few minutes later.
“Well?” 
“He said they don’t have orders for any of us yet,” Laura mumbled as she plopped back down on her bunk. She lay down and began kicking the upper bunk. “It’s bullshit, you know. We only have two weeks left. They must know where we’re goin’.” 
Suddenly, Laura jumped out of her bunk. “Hey! I’ve got an idea.” 
Everyone groaned and rolled their eyes. Not another one of Laura’s ‘ideas’ that usually ended up with the bunch of them in hot water. 
“Listen, Jo and I’ve got CQ duty tomorrow night. If we haven’t heard anything by then, we’ll just snoop around until we find our orders. They must be in the office somewhere.” 
Jo was shaking her head vigorously. “I’m not gonna snoop around the CQ office. Are you crazy?”
“Come on. You don’t need to snoop. You just need to stand guard and make sure no one comes in while I’m snooping.” Laura pleaded with Jo to play along. 
“Ya know, curiosity killed the cat.” Charlie chimed in and Amy nodded in agreement. 
“Aren’t you just a little bit curious? Just a wee little bit?” Laura stood in front of Charlie and egged her on.
Charlie pushed Laura away. “Of course, I’m curious. Everyone’s curious, but it’s not worth getting into trouble for.” Charlie looked to Amy for support, but Amy wasn’t saying anything. She had seen the glean in Laura’s eyes, which meant there was just no talking Laura out of her scheme. 
Over the intercom, a drill sergeant warned, “Five minutes to lights out.” The girls gathered up their boots and shining kits and climbed into their bunks. Within mere seconds, the lights were turned out and the barracks were quiet, except for Laura that is. She was explaining her plan to a silent Jo, but it took Laura a few minutes to realize that Jo was ignoring her, so Laura closed her eyes to sleep.
At formation the next morning, the drill sergeant called out names from his clipboard. “If I call out your name, leave formation and stand in line in front of the CQ office to receive your orders.”
The girls listened but once again, not one of their names was called. “Figures,” started Laura, “but we’ll know soon enough.” She winked at Jo, but Jo avoided eye contact. Laura was always getting into trouble for talking in formation and Jo hated getting in trouble.
Laura remained obsessed with their orders all day. She kept on guessing where she would be sent. So far, a lot of privates were being sent to Korea. Maybe she would go there too. Or, better yet, to Europe. Her obsession was driving the other girls crazy.
First aid instruction was the task of the day. The platoon had divided into squads and each squad sat in a different classroom learning first aid. Laura wasn’t paying much attention. Every time she opened her mouth, the instructor gave her a nasty look. Finally, the drill sergeant watching the soldiers noticed. He warned Laura that it had better be the last time she opened her mouth during class, but Laura, as usual, was undeterred. 
“Come on guys, don’t you want to know where you’re going?” Laura asked for about the millionth time that day.
Finally, Amy – who had valiantly been trying to ignore Laura the entire day – couldn’t take it anymore. “Just shut up before you get us all in trouble,” she hissed. 
When Laura continued to talk, Charlie also spoke up. “Come on, Laura, can’t we talk about this another time when we won’t get in trouble?”
However, it was too late. The drill sergeant was standing behind Jo. “All four of you. Move it!” The girls began to gather up their materials. The drill sergeant marched them outside of the classroom to a grass field next to the building. 
“Put your stuff down here,” he pointed to the sidewalk next to the grass. Once their books were put away and the girls were standing in a squad formation, he yelled, “Front leaning rest position. Move!”
The girls jumped into position. The front leaning rest position was an oxymoron as there was no resting involved. It was the start position of a push-up, arms outstretched with the back and legs straight. It was actually a relief to start doing push-ups if you were in the front leaning rest position for too long.
“Gimme twenty” 
Amy and Charlie quickly started doing push-ups while Jo and Laura were slower. When all four had managed to do the twenty push-ups or some semblance thereof, they stayed in front leaning rest position waiting for the drill sergeant to allow them to get up. It seemed like they waited an eternity but in reality it was probably only a few minutes. Finally, the drill sergeant yelled for them to stand at attention.
“You are not showing any respect for the instructor in there!” He yelled.
“No, drill sergeant!” 
“I expect y’all to go back in there and show some respect.”
“Yes, drill sergeant!”
Just to make sure the girls remained quiet; they were separated into four different corners of the classroom. Amy, Charlie and Jo were relieved to be separated from Laura so they could stay out of trouble, but Laura was pissed. 
“See, this just proves they know where we’re going and won’t tell us,” Laura hissed as the squad was marched to the barracks after the instruction finished. 
Amy could only laugh at Laura’s paranoid rumblings. “How does, your getting in trouble for talking in class, prove that they know where you’re going?” 
Charlie agreed. “Yes, definitely, there is some big conspiracy against Private Brown.” 
Although Jo agreed with Amy and Charlie, she didn’t say a thing. She didn’t want to hurt Laura’s feelings and Jo knew better than to tease Laura as it always seemed to backfire on her!
After arriving back at Charlie Company, the girls headed to the barracks for a few minutes of rest. Once there, they plopped down on their bunks and Charlie fell asleep almost immediately. Amy was about to drift off when Laura started talking about spying in the CQ office again. 
“We’re not gonna get caught.” Laura was trying to persuade Jo to help her, but Jo was adamant. “You can’t even make it one day without getting into trouble!” Jo felt her shoulders and upper arms. “I’m already sore. Why push it?”
Before Laura could start in on Jo again, Amy spoke up. “Why don’t we just leave it for now? Come on, we’ve got a few minutes to actually get caught up on some sleep.” With that, Amy turned on to her side indicating that she wasn’t planning on getting involved in any further discussion. 
“Thirty seconds until dinner formation,” a voice came over the intercom. The girls didn’t waste any time jumping off their bunks, straightening blankets and running downstairs. 
After dinner, the company had two hours before lights out to do laundry, shine boots and make phone calls. Jo and Laura headed to bed an hour early, as they would have to get up at oh two hundred hours for CQ duty. CQ duty was a perfect opportunity to catch up on shining their boots and doing laundry.
A few minutes before oh two hundred hours, the fireguard shook Laura. “Wake up! You’ve got CQ in five minutes.” The fireguard moved onto Jo’s bunk and woke her. Jo jumped out of her bunk and began to put on her BDU’s in a flash but Laura didn’t move. “Come on, Laura. Get going!” To Jo’s shock, Laura waited a few minutes and then climbed out of bed, fully dressed.
“You could get in big trouble for that!” The soldiers weren’t allowed to sleep in their BDUs. Everyone was required to sleep in a PT uniform. The drill sergeants weren’t above waking everyone in the middle of the night to check. Laura had already been caught a few times. 
“We’ve got two weeks to go,” yawned Laura. “They’re not checking anything anymore.” 
Jo shook her head. Laura didn’t listen to anyone. “Let’s go.”
They walked quietly through the dormitory and down the stairs to the CQ office. Two male privates were waiting to be relieved. “Hey guys, any sign of the drill sergeants or the CQ?” Laura was gearing up to implement her plan.
“Nope, no one.” They replied and off they went.
Jo sat down to sign in but Laura just looked around, nearly bouncing on her toes, so excited to finally be in the CQ office when no one was around. Jo saw Laura snooping around and began to worry. “Come on, Laura, knock it off. You’re not gonna find anything out, you’re just gonna get us in trouble.” 
But Laura was not to be deterred. She walked boldly into the CQ’s office. His desk was empty and there were no files anywhere. “Where could they be?” she asked herself. 
Jo, despite disagreeing with Laura, was looking out for drill sergeants or the CO. If Laura got caught, they would assume Jo was involved so she might as well insure that Laura stayed safe. She stood at the CQ office, looking nervously left and right. 
Meanwhile, Laura had found a small office next to the CO’s office. She tried the door and it was open. Suckers! The room was full of filing cabinets alphabetically labeled. Laura opened the first cabinet and dug around until she found a file marked BROWN.
Laura pulled that file out of the cabinet. It was full of her monthly reviews and disciplinary actions. She kept digging. Sure enough, at the back of the file, were her orders. Fort Belvoir, where’s that?
She didn’t waste any time. She put her file back in the drawer, closing it. Next, she opened the files marked LARSON and MEEKS. She flipped through their monthly reviews curious as ever but then realized she didn’t have time to be nosey about everything. She flipped to the orders. Specialist Larson would be going to Fort Meade. She put Amy’s file down and opened Charlie’s file. Charlie would also be going to Fort Meade. That’s lucky.
She put Amy’s and Charlie’s files back in the drawer. After having a quick peek to ensure no one was coming, she opened the next drawer and grabbed the file marked SHELLEY. She thumbed through Jo’s evaluations until she found her orders. Also Fort Belvoir. Totally cool!
Laura put Jo’s file back in the drawer and shut the file cabinet. She had a look around to confirm that the office was back in the order it was in when she had entered and shut the door firmly behind her. “Jo, where are you?” she mock whispered, now giddy with the news.
Jo was still standing at the door to the CQ office. “Are you done?” she asked as she left the door to sit down at the desk. 
“Guess what?” Laura was jumping up and down with excitement. 
Jo rolled her eyes. “What?”
“No, guess.” 
“Just tell me before you pee your fricking pants.” 
“We’re going to the same base!”
“Get out of here! Really?” Jo jumped up from her chair. Laura and Jo hugged doing a little happy dance around the desk.
“What about Amy and Charlie?”
“They’re also going to the same base.”
“Really? Same as us?”
“No, but at least we’ll be together.” Laura quickly filled Jo in on the details. Jo didn’t know where Fort Belvoir or Fort Meade was either. It didn’t matter though; they would find out. The important thing was that they would be together. Jo wouldn’t have to face the next Army step alone.
After the girls were relieved, they headed upstairs to the female dormitory. It was oh three hundred hours, so they had an hour and a half to sleep before PT. Sleep was the last thing from their minds though, they were too excited to relax.
“Let’s wake up Amy and Charlie and tell them,” suggested Laura.
Jo shook her head. “Let ‘em sleep. They’ll hear soon enough.”
“Tell us what?” Amy asked groggily.
Laura danced over to Amy’s bunk. “We’ve got our orders. We’ve got our orders,” she sang.
Amy sat up in bed. “So, you did snoop around. I take it you didn’t get caught.” 
“Pff… me get caught? P-leeease.” 
“What’s all the excitement about?” Charlie was awake now as well.
“We found our orders,” answered Jo before Laura could start singing again and wake the entire barracks. 
Charlie sat up and got out of bed. “Well, obviously, we’re not gonna get any sleep ‘til you tell us. Come on; let’s go in the bathroom before we get into trouble.” 
They followed Charlie into the shower area. There was a small bench where they could sit and talk undisturbed. “So,” Charlie began. “You’ve got your orders. Well, tell us.” 
“We’re going to Fort Belvoir!”
“Who’s we?” asked Amy.
“Me and Jo.” 
Amy stood up and hugged Jo and Laura. Charlie joined them. “That’s great. You guys can stay together.” 
“You guys too,” Jo said.
Amy and Charlie looked at each other. “Us too?”
“Yeah,” nodded Jo. “You’re both going to Fort Meade.”
Amy and Charlie smiled at each other. “That’s pretty cool.” 
“You idiots. Don’t you know where Fort Meade and Fort Belvoir are?” teased Amy.
“No,” answered Laura and Jo.
Amy laughed. “They’re about a hundred miles apart. We’re all gonna be together.” 
The girls stayed up talking until it was time for PT. Showered and dressed for breakfast they were standing in formation when Drill Sergeant Harris strode out of the CQ office.
“I’ve got some more orders here,” he yelled. “Brown, Larson, Meeks, Shelley, report to the CQ office.”
The four left formation and stood in line outside of the CQ office. As soon as the rest of Charlie Company marched off to breakfast, Amy and Charlie broke into laughter. “It’s a good thing you snooped around last night Laura. We never would have known where we were going to be stationed,” teased Amy.
“Yeah,” agreed Charlie between giggles, “it’s all a conspiracy against you.”

Chapter 20
Female Bonding
Present Day
“Uuuuuuuuuh.” 
Amy slowly opened her eyes at the noise. It took a minute for her eyes to adjust to the darkness of the room. She felt queasy and disorientated. Where am I? Who’s groaning? 
“Uuuuuuuh,” another groan from across the room. 
Then, it hit her. She was in D.C. with the girls and sharing a room with Charlie. It must be her groaning. Amy gingerly turned on her side to face the other bed.
“You okay?”
Gradually, Charlie turned toward the voice. “I think I’m dying. Whose idea was it to drink that Jagermeister anyway?” After dinner in the hotel restaurant, the girls had retired to the suite and ordered a few bottles of wine from room service. The wine bottles were quickly finished off and then, to everyone’s surprise, Jo fished out a few mini-bottles of Jagermeister that she had nicked from the plane.
Amy laughed. “No one forced you.” 
“Ugh” was the only response.
Amy thought she heard a noise in the kitchen. “I think someone’s up. I’m gonna go check.” Cautiously, she got out of the bed. She wasn’t feeling her best either. She usually didn’t drink that much and certainly didn’t normally do shots of Jagermeister after a copious amount of wine. It was going to be a long day.
Amy made it to the kitchen without the world spinning off its axis to find Jo in a frenzy opening and closing drawers and shelves. “What are you doing?”
“Oh, good morning Amy. I’m looking for aspirin or something. I have a horrible headache.” It sure didn’t seem like Jo had a headache with all the pounding of cupboards she was doing. 
“Please stop,” Amy pleaded. “I’ll call the front desk and have them bring up some aspirin or something.”
Jo plopped down on a chair next to Amy. “How are you guys doing this morning?”
“I’m not great but Charlie is worse. She’s groaning in the bed like she’s dying.” They giggled. “Where’s Laura?”
“She’s in the shower. She’s fine.” 
“I guess being an alcoholic has its advantages after all,” muttered Amy under her breath. She was feeling guilty for allowing Laura to drink. She should be taking care of everyone and figuring out how to deal with their ‘problem’. Instead, she let an alcoholic drink! Fuck! She forced the thoughts out of her mind. It was too late to do anything about it now. She would just have to be more vigilant from now on. 
Amy called reception for some aspirin and then watched in awe as Laura came bouncing into the kitchen. “Good morning. How’s everyone doin’?” She was positively beaming from ear to ear.
“Why are you so happy this morning?” grumbled Amy.
“Don’t be so grumpy,” Laura teased while wagging her finger at Amy. She looked around the kitchen. “Where’s Charlie?”
“In bed, half dead.”
Laura laughed and bounced on her toes before heading to the bedroom. “Charlie! Charlie!” she called as she went. Moaning was the only answer. Sighing, Amy and Jo followed Laura to commence with damage control.
Laura was jumping up and down on Charlie’s bed yelling “Good morning campers! It’s going to be a sunshiny day!” Charlie’s face paled. “I think I’m going to be sick.” Amy ran for the trashcan. Just in time, she set the trashcan in Charlie’s hands and Charlie began to empty the contents of her stomach into it. 
“Ugh. I don’t need to see this.” Jo said and left. Amy silently agreed and retreated as well. 
“Leave her alone,” Amy scolded Laura. “You can make fun of her later.” 
“But it’s more fun now,” whined Laura. 
Laura joined Amy and Jo in the living room. They made small talk for a bit before Charlie joined them looking slightly better. 
“Feeling better?” asked Amy.
Charlie nodded and sat down on one of the armchairs. “I think I’ll survive.” 
“Good,” Amy said and immediately started to take charge. “Why doesn’t everyone get showered and dressed, then we’ll have breakfast downstairs? We really do need to discuss things.” 
Everyone moaned in response. They knew they were in D.C. for a reason, but no one really wanted to get down to business. They wanted to enjoy being with their girlfriends for just a little longer but no one dared to talk back to Amy. 
Amy was done first and sat in the living room sipping orange juice from the mini-bar and idly wondering how much the mini-bar bill was going to be. There was a knock on the door and Jo yelled. “Thank God! Finally! Our aspirin is here.” 
Amy answered the door to find a porter smiling at her. “Your aspirin, ma’am,” he said handing her a big bottle of generic aspirin. He also handed her the latest edition of the Washington Post. “Compliments of the Hyatt.” 
“Jo,” yelled Amy after tipping the boy and shutting the door. “Come get your aspirin.” Jo came running out of the bedroom. She grabbed the aspirin and yelled a quick thanks before she flitted back to the bedroom.
Amy didn’t even notice Jo. She was staring at the front-page story of the Post. Staring back at her was a picture of General White. Amy took a deep breath and managed to sit in a chair before collapsing. Oh my God, it’s really happening.

Chapter 21
Top Military at Heart of Congressional Hearings Investigating Operation Free Africa
Present Day
In a press conference held at the White House today, Senator Lewis, ranking member of the Senate Select Committee to Investigate U.S. Bombing of Guinea-Bissau, and Representative Rogers, ranking member of the House Select Committee to Investigate U.S. Military Action in Guinea-Bissau, together announced that joint hearings to investigate the 2003 military action will begin soon. Asked when the hearings would precisely begin, Senator Lewis indicated that the hearings could begin as early as two weeks. 
Representative Rogers was also able to confirm Special Prosecutor Lawrence’s earlier statements that there were some irregularities in the procedure that was used in ordering the military action in Guinea-Bissau. When questioned what the ‘irregularities in procedure’ were, Rogers suggested that the joint investigation conducted by the Select Committees revealed that there were irregularities with the manner in which top military officials ordered and conducted the bombing. No further details were given.
Neither Senator Lewis nor Representative Rogers would confirm or deny the rumor that joint hearings will be open to the public and nationally televised. Senator Lewis indicated that this information will be made public as soon as possible. The two ranking members of the Select Committees also refused to comment on the rumor that General Lewis White (picture left), Chief of the JESUS task force at the time of the Guinea-Bissau bombings, will be called to testify. They indicated that the Select Committees are still debating who will be called to testify at the hearings. 
Senator Lewis and Representative Rogers also refused to comment on the continuing rumor that a memo was written, which indicated that the Guinea-Bissau government was not supporting Alliance terrorists.
Only July 15th, the U.S. Congress established special committees to investigate the bombings of Guinea-Bissau in 2003. The Senate established the Senate Select Committee to Investigate U.S. Bombing of Guinea-Bissau while the House established the House Select Committee to Investigate U.S. Military Action in Guinea-Bissau. The Senate and House Select Committees conducted a joint investigation into the U.S. bombings. Prior to the establishment of the Senate and House Committees, John Lawrence was appointed Special Prosecutor to investigate alleged wrongdoings concerning the bombings.

Chapter 22
AIT Graduation
Sometime in the Past
The day of graduation from AIT finally arrived, bearing hot, humid and muggy weather. Amy worried about thunderstorms despite the blue skies without a cloud in sight, while Laura, Jo and Charlie prayed for rain. Rain meant that the graduation would be performed in the auditorium where they could sit. Nice weather meant standing outside on the parade grounds for the entire ceremony. 
“Come on guys, my parents are here,” pleaded Amy while Laura, Jo and Charlie pretended to pray to the rain gods. “It’s a lot nicer for them if we’re outside marching around. Inside, everyone just sits there. It’s boring.”
“There’s nothing we can do about the weather,” answered Charlie while pretending to perform some pagan rain ritual.
“Yeah, if it rains, it’s not our fault,” added Laura as she mimicked Charlie’s actions. Amy shook her head and wisely chose to ignore them.
Amy was the only one of the four women with family coming to the graduation ceremony. Jo’s husband, Billy, said he was too busy working. More likely he was too busy drinking, thought Amy, Laura and Charlie. Laura didn’t have any family and Charlie – much to everyone’s surprise, still hadn’t told her family about joining the military. 
“Inspection in less than five minutes,” Amy said while looking at her watch. 
For the graduation ceremony, the girls were dressed in their Class B uniforms. Before they could leave the barracks for formation, however, there was an inspection of their lockers and bunks. The women had spent the entire night scrubbing and cleaning the sleeping bay and bathroom area. 
The female soldiers continued to putz around, putting the finishing touches on their beds and lockers before the drill sergeants entered. Everyone was instantly still when a drill sergeant entered the barracks with the First Sergeant. The First Sergeant was the highest ranking non-commissioned officer – or NCO – in Charlie Company and the administrative officer of the company. She was also the meanest sergeant – male or female – the soldiers had encountered during their short military careers.
The women stood at attention, nervously trying not to fidget, next to their bunks with their lockers opened for inspection. Jo could barely breathe. Like nearly everything that had to do with authority during basic and AIT, which was pretty much everything, Jo was nervous of inspections. Laura could feel the nerves rolling off Jo in waves. She didn’t dare speak as the First Sergeant had the uncanny ability to hear whispers from other rooms, but she grabbed Jo’s hand and squeezed it quickly.
“At ease,” yelled the First Sergeant.
 Amy’s heart skipped a beat when she heard the First Sergeant’s voice. She hadn’t seen the First Sergeant enter the barracks as her back was to the front door. Amy hated the First Sergeant and she was sure that the feeling was mutual. She wasn’t sure why or if something she had done had pissed off the First Sergeant, but the First Sergeant took every opportunity to pick on Amy. The First Sergeant punished Amy with push-ups every time the two crossed paths. 
Amy tried to relax. She was prepared: her locker was organized properly, her bed made perfectly and the shine on her boots was flawless. 
“So… Specialist Larson, I see you’re still here,” said the First Sergeant as she approached Amy. “Let’s see if we can do anything about that.” Amy swore she saw a small smile on the First Sergeant’s face as she looked down at her. 
The First Sergeant walked to Amy’s locker and looked inside. The drawers were open for inspection, underwear and t-shirts folded neatly, socks rolled into little balls. The First Sergeant looked through all of the drawers and fingered the uniforms. “Hmmmm.” She turned to inspect Amy’s bunk. 
Amy’s boots were lined up under her bunk. The First Sergeant looked at the boots and pulled a ruler out from under her arm putting the ruler in front of the boots. “Just as I thought; these boots are not properly aligned.” She stood and put the ruler away. “Two demerit points for Specialist Larson,” she told the drill sergeant.
The First Sergeant walked away not bothering to inspect any other bunks or lockers in Amy’s row. When the First Sergeant was out of Amy’s line of sight, Amy breathed a sigh of relief. What did she care about two demerit points? She was graduating today and then off on leave tomorrow. The First Sergeant could take her two demerit points and shove them up her uptight ass. 
The inspection was over quickly and the soldiers ran from the barracks to line up in formation. They marched to the graduation field and waited for the entire battalion to gather for the ceremony. When the battalion was finally gathered, the companies were marched onto the field. 
The graduation ceremony lasted around two hours, although it felt like more to the girls standing in the hot sun. After a speech from a battalion commander that the troops had never seen and some marching maneuvers, Charlie Company was finally marched back to their barracks. 
The company was given a few last minute instructions before the Company Commander stood in front of the troops and yelled “Dismissed!” Everyone screamed and threw their hats into the air. While everyone laughed and congratulated each other, Amy ran to see her parents.
Amy finally managed to find her parents among the crowd of relatives waiting to see the graduates. She quickly hugged them.
“Let’s take a look at you in your uniform,” said Amy’s father. Amy willingly spun around; proud of her uniform and knowing she looked good in it.
“You’re certainly lost a lot of weight,” said her mother but then added, “I hope you can manage to keep it off.”
Amy ignored her mother. “How’s the hotel?”
Her father didn’t get a chance to respond before Charlie, Jo and Laura appeared behind Amy. Amy introduced her three best friends to her parents. 
“We’re going up now. Are you coming?” Charlie asked.
“In a minute.” The three girls said goodbye and ran upstairs to the female barracks giggling with their new found freedom. Amy chatted a few minutes with her parents before joining the others upstairs.
The girls were packed and ready to go, in just a few short minutes. Everyone was headed off in opposite directions. Charlie was leaving for Georgia to confront her parents before traveling to Fort Meade. Jo was going home to Oklahoma to pack up her house. She was already on the waiting list for married person’s housing at Fort Belvoir. Amy was joining her parents in Illinois for a week of leave before proceeding to Fort Meade. Only Laura was heading straight to her first permanent duty station. She didn’t have any family to visit and claimed she didn’t need a vacation.
“Well, I guess this is it for now,” Amy said. “But we’ll see each other soon.”
Jo slipped off her bunk to hug Amy. “I’ll miss you. Promise you’ll visit us at Fort Belvoir.”
Amy laughed. They’d had this conversation more times than she could count. “Of course we’ll visit you; just like we planned.”
Charlie joined Jo and Amy in a hug. “Wild horses couldn’t keep us away.”
Amy turned to Charlie. “I’ll see you in a week.” They were planning on meeting up in Baltimore before traveling to Fort Meade together. Charlie nodded and the two hugged again. 
Finally, Amy looked to Laura who was still sitting on her bunk. “Bye Laura. Good luck at Belvoir.” Laura slowly got up from her bunk and gave Amy a hug. 
“Well, I’ve gotta go before my parents call out the National Guard on me and you guys have a bus to catch.” The bus would take them to the airport in Atlanta. In Atlanta, Jo and Laura would board planes heading in opposite directions while Charlie would catch another bus to take her home. 
Amy picked up her bags, gave a small wave and rushed out of the barracks. A few minutes later, a bus pulled up to Charlie Company; Charlie, Jo and Laura boarded it as a drill sergeant checked off their names. Once they passed the drill sergeant, Jo began to smile. “I hope I never see another drill sergeant for the rest of my life!” 
The bus ride to Atlanta was tedious. Charlie tried to sleep so she didn’t have to think about going home. She had fooled her parents for long enough, but now she had to tell them she was in the Army. This was not going to be good news. They were going to be angry, but there was nothing they could do about the situation. For once in her life, Charlie had control of her own destiny. 
Jo was nervous. She hadn’t seen Billy for nearly six months now. He had been really angry when she had broken down and called him during basic to tell him where she was. She hoped he had calmed down by now. The last time she had spoken to him he had been drunk and yelling that he wasn’t following a woman anywhere. It was her duty to follow him, not the other way around.
Unlike Charlie and Jo, Laura was excited. She couldn’t wait to get back to D.C. and check out all her old haunts. She knew a place where they made the best margaritas and a falafel stand where everyone went after a night of drinking. She just hoped nothing had changed in the past months. 
Laura woke Charlie and Jo when they arrived in Atlanta. They filed off the bus and retrieved their bags. Then, they just stood around fidgeting and staring at each other.
“Well, this is goodbye,” Charlie finally said.
Jo dropped her bags and hugged Charlie. “I’m gonna miss you.”
“It’s only a week, Jo. After that, we’ll see each other. I promise.” 
The two parted and looked at Laura. Charlie went over and gave her a quick hug. “Good luck.”
“Thanks.” Laura’s voice was gruff.
“Bye, Laura.” Jo gave Laura a quick hug. “See ya next week.” 
Done hugging and saying their goodbyes, they picked up their luggage and scattered in three different directions.

Chapter 23
Decisions
Present Day
“Amy,” Charlotte yelled from the bedroom, “can I borrow your shampoo? I forgot mine and don’t tell me to use the free samples. Those things are not fit for humans.” When she received no reply, Charlie walked to the living room. “Amy, did you hear me?”
When Charlie entered the living room, she saw that Amy wasn’t listening or paying her any attention. Amy was sitting on the couch, clutching the newspaper in her trembling hands and staring straight ahead into nothingness. Charlie walked to her and shook her shoulder gently. “Amy, what is it?”
Amy didn’t reply. Charlie looked at the newspaper in Amy’s hands and gasped. “Jo, Laura! Ya’ll better get in here.” Her voice was frantic.
Jo and Laura casually walked into the living room. “Don’t get your panties in a fire, Charlie,” joked Laura.
Charlie didn’t respond, but instead picked up the newspaper and handed it to them. Amy startled when Charlie grabbed it and looked up, frightened until she realized it was only Charlie. She shot up and walked to the window. “I can’t believe this is fucking happening. Why now? It’s been years!”
“What’s wrong,” Jo innocently asked. Laura jabbed her finger at the picture of General White on the front page of the newspaper. Jo looked down and gasped. “Oh.”
“What are we gonna do?” 
Amy physically shook herself out of her reverie. She needed to keep herself together for the shit storm they were about to enter. She turned from the window to face her best friends and told them her decision. “I think we should come forward.” 
Charlie shook her head. “No way. It will ruin us – or at least me.” 
Laura gave a bitter laugh. “Are we back to that then? Everything’s about you and your precious family. But let me ask you this – how can your marriage be so damn precious if he doesn’t even know the truth about your past?”
Charlie went on the offensive. “Easy for you to say. You don’t have a life.”
“Guys, guys, we’re not going to get anywhere fighting. Why don’t we sit down and discuss this like adults?” Amy, over her initial shock of seeing the bastard’s picture on the front page, took charge once again.
Reluctantly, the women slowly moved to the chairs and sat. Charlie and Laura were careful to sit as far away from each other as possible. Jo sat nervously between them. Amy came and stood in front of them. “Okay, we know what Charlie thinks. What about you guys? What do you think about coming forward?” 
Jo looked helplessly at Laura for an answer but Laura was unusually quiet. “I don’t know, Amy. I guess you could say that I have the least to lose by coming forward, but we still did something wrong. Well, at least I definitely did something wrong. Can we still get in trouble?”
“Good question, Jo. I don’t know. I’m not a military lawyer. We’ll have to find out.” Amy turned to Laura. “What do you think?”
“I live in D.C.,” began Laura. “I know what this town does to people who squeal. It’s not pretty. Maybe I can live with that, maybe I can’t. But you guys,” Laura swept the room with her arm, “you guys all have something to lose. Are you prepared for that?”
“I’m not,” Charlie responded before anyone even had a chance to think about the question.
“I don’t have much to lose,” said Jo quietly. 
“Good point Laura. I can’t lose much either.” Amy talked as she paced the floor. Everyone looked at her bewildered, not believing that she had nothing to lose. “Technically, as a partner, I’m part-owner of the firm so they can’t fire me. They can ask me to leave if my conduct is ‘unbecoming to the firm’ or some shit like that. Ah hell, I honestly don’t know where this whole mess leaves me with them and I don’t know if I even care.” 
The women fell into silence – each pondering what coming forward would do to her life. Laura didn’t need to think about anything. She already knew she would go along with whatever the group decided. She wouldn’t come out on her own. There was no sense hanging herself out to dry alone, but if the group decided so, she would reveal what she knew.
Jo wondered if she really needed to worry about anything. Billy didn’t read the newspapers anyway, maybe he would never find out. On the other hand, a human interest story like this gets talked about. His friends that did follow the news would be delighted to share this tidbit of information with him. 
Charlie fidgeted in her chair. She had to admit it to herself, Laura was right. What kind of marriage did she have if Bill didn’t know about her past? If he couldn’t handle this, maybe things weren’t meant to be. Even if it was the right thing to tell him about her past, this wasn’t really the way to go about it, was it?
Amy paced back and forth. Despite her earlier statements, she really didn’t know what the partners at her law firm would think. Would they think this was something she should have revealed before becoming a partner? Would they get rid of her for coming out in public like this? If they were criminally liable, would she have her law license suspended or revoked? It was all too much to think about. She walked to the kitchen to make coffee just to give herself something to do.   
“Amy, calm down. Stop banging things.” Laura said as she watched Amy throw coffee things onto the kitchen table. 
“Sorry, am I banging things?” 
Jo and Charlie woke from their reverie and poured themselves some coffee. Laura couldn’t stand the silence anymore. “Look guys, I just want you to know that whatever you decide, I’ll agree with you.”
Amy shook her head. “But Laura you get a vote too. You’re just as much a part of the group as any of us.” Jo and Charlie nodded in agreement.
Laura shrugged. “Charlie’s right; I’ve got nothing to lose.”
“I’m sorry, Laura. I said some mean things. Please forgive me. We’re all just a little tense right now.” Charlie put down her coffee cup and rose to go to Laura. She knew Laura didn’t like to hug, so she just patted her on the hand. 
Laura looked up with tears in her eyes. “It’s true, though, everything that you guys said about me is true. I don’t have a life worth living.”
Jo ignored the fact that Laura didn’t like hugs and grabbed her. “I don’t want to hear that kind of talk from you ever again, Laura.” Jo depended on Laura to be strong.
“Look, Laura, who are we to say anything about your life? It’s not like any of us has tried to help you out or anything, even though we knew you were struggling,” confessed Amy.
Laura was quiet for a while but she took some deep breathes and consciously pulled herself together. “Thanks guys.” She pushed Jo and Charlie away. “No more mushy stuff, alright?”
Everyone laughed. “If I have a vote, I say let’s nail the bastard.” Laura was back in fighting form. 
Jo, emboldened by Laura’s outburst, nodded her head. “I’m with Laura. Let’s nail ‘em.” 
Charlie and Amy remained quiet. Amy quirked a brow at Charlie. Despite what she had said earlier, Amy knew that Charlie had the most to lose by coming forward. But Amy also suspected that Charlie had some things to win. Amy wasn’t going to be the one to tell Charlie that though.
When Charlie didn’t say anything, Amy did. “I don’t know what we should do or how we should do it, for that matter. All I know is this: I can’t live with myself anymore. I can’t live with the fear and I definitely can’t live with the guilt. I know coming forward isn’t going to bring anyone back but its right thing to do.”
“That’s three to one.” Laura said and looked to Charlie for a reaction. 
“I can’t live with myself anymore either,” she mumbled as tears welled in her eyes and began to slowly roll down her cheeks.

Chapter 24
General White: A Soldier that went too far?
Present Day
In an exclusive interview with this newspaper, Representative Michelle Vandeburg (D-Michigan), member of the House Select Committee to Investigate U.S. Military Action in Guinea-Bissau, revealed that General White, Chief of the JESUS task force at the time of Operation Free Africa, is the center of the joint investigation of the U.S. Military Action in Guinea-Bissau conducted by the Senate and House Select Committees.
Representative Vandeburg hinted that General White would be the first person called to testify in the joint hearings that were announced earlier this week. When questioned whether the hearings and testimony of General White will be open to the public, Representative Vandeburg stated that the decision on whether to hold public hearings has not yet been made. She suspected, however, that the hearings will be open to the public and widely televised.
“I cannot confirm what the ‘irregularities in procedure’ used during the Guinea-Bissau bombings were,” stated Representative Vandeburg. “I can, however, state that standard military protocol was not followed. General White – as Chief of the JESUS task force – will likely be called to testify regarding the protocol that was used and why the proper military protocol was not followed.”
Representative Vandeburg refused to give any further details. She would not make any comment on the rumor that a memo was written, which indicated that the Guinea-Bissau government was not supporting Alliance terrorists at the time of the bombing. She did indicate, however, that the Joint Committees planned to use all legal means at their disposal in order to properly investigate this rumor. “If there is such a memo out there, we’ll find it,” she commented.
Representative Michelle Vandeburg is the only female member of the House of Representatives on the House Select Committee to Investigate U.S. Military Action in Guinea-Bissau. It is widely believed that Representative Vandeburg was selected as a member of the Select Committee due to her military record. Representative Vandeburg was a member of U.S. Army Intelligence for five years before leaving the military to attend law school. She is the first female member of the House of Representatives who is also a military veteran.
General Lewis White was Chief of the JESUS task force from February 2002 until January 2004 when he suddenly retired. During his military career, General White served in Panama and the Persian Gulf. He received a Bronze Star for courageous action in the Persian Gulf. After such an extraordinary military career, it was a shock to the military community when General White announced his retirement. At the time of the retirement, it was rumored that he was forced to retire by President Windam after the disastrous Guinea-Bissau bombings in 2003. President Windam – under pressure from the American public to make drastic changes to the military command – allegedly asked General White to retire in order to keep peace in the Congress. These rumors were never confirmed.
Since his retirement, General White has moved to his ranch in Montana. This newspaper was unable to reach General White for comment. It is believed that General White has returned to Washington, D.C. at the request of Special Prosecutor John Lawrence. Special Prosecutor Lawrence refused to comment on whether he has spoken to General White during his investigation.

Chapter 25
Homeward Bound – Charlie
Sometime in the Past
It was a two-hour bus drive from the Atlanta airport to Charlie’s hometown of Springfield. Charlie was anxious and fidgeted in her seat during the trip. She wasn’t looking forward to the confrontation with her parents. Fortunately, she did have time to change out of her Class B uniform into civvies before the bus left the airport in Atlanta. She didn’t want to think about the fallout of arriving home in military uniform, especially as she had enlisted instead of being commissioned.
The bus rolled into Springfield and the driver announced: “Springfield bus station.” For a second, Charlie was tempted to stay on the bus until it arrived in D.C. but she was too much of a good girl for that. As much as she dreaded speaking truthfully to her parents, she did want to see them and she was tired of the guilt of lying to them. 
Charlie hadn’t seen her family since Christmas. During Christmas, she had told lies about how great graduate school was but that she was too busy to come home more often. So many lies had been told that she couldn’t keep track of them during her brief phone calls home during the past months. She had planned to come clean at Christmas but she couldn’t do it. She needed to wait until she had successfully completed Basic Training and AIT before telling anyone.
Charlie took a deep breath, grabbed her purse from the empty seat next to her, stood up and determinedly walked down the aisle toward the exit. The bus came to a stop just as she reached the door. She peered out the window and there they were: the entire Meeks family. She was surprised they hadn’t brought the dog with them.
The door opened and Charlotte walked down the steps to cheers from her family. Before she was even out of the bus, they were running over to her.
“Charlotte, darling, we’ve missed you so,” cooed Charlotte’s mother, Belle, as she hugged Charlotte.
Charlotte’s father, Jackson, was next. He pulled Charlotte into a big hug. “Welcome home, girl.”
Charlotte was passed between the family members receiving hugs and welcomes. Two of her aunts – her mother’s sisters – were there as were her sister and brothers. Even her grandma – who lived in a retirement home and rarely left it – was there. Charlotte could barely breathe with all the people hugging her and exclaiming how nice it was to see her. She was relieved when she remembered her bags.
“I’ve got to get my luggage,” Charlotte excused herself from the group and walked over to the bus where the driver had already laid all the baggage for Springfield in a row on the ground. Jackson was standing there searching for her suitcase but he couldn’t find the luggage, which he and his wife had carefully chosen and given to Charlotte for her high school graduation.
Charlotte walked over and grabbed her duffel bag. He father looked up perplexed. “Where’s your luggage?”
Fuck. Charlotte’s heart stopped. She hadn’t thought about the luggage and the duffel bag. She had already sent most of her civilian luggage onto Fort Meade but she needed her duffel bag as she was expected to arrive at Fort Meade in uniform and ready for duty. Stall, stall, stall. She needed to delay her father’s questioning until they were alone. 
“Well,” Charlotte was muttering. “It’s on its way. These duffel bags are all the rage now.” Would her dad believe such a lame excuse? Her dad nodded and took the duffel bag from her. Charlotte was shocked to see him struggle a bit with the weight.
The luggage was taken care of but no one made a move to leave. Everyone was pleasantly chatting as if they were at a church gathering and not standing in the parking lot of the bus station. Charlotte couldn’t stand it. She was tired. She wanted to go home.
“Shall we get goin’ then?” Charlotte asked no one in particular. No one responded. She tried again, louder this time. “I’m just starvin’. I can’t wait to get home and have some of Mama’s cookin’.” That did it. Charlotte’s mother immediately started to herd people into their cars.
Finally sitting in the car, Charlotte rested her head against the back of the seat, closed her eyes and sighed. It was good to be home, but she needed to speak to her parents as soon as possible, before any more lies had to be told.
But when they arrived home, Charlotte was alarmed to see several cars that didn’t belong to her family parked in the driveway. Oh lawd, Mama’s planned a get together. Fuck. How am I gonna get through this? 
For the next few hours, Charlotte made small talk with her guests. She tried to hide several times but her mother caught her and reminded her that everyone had shown up to see her. Everyone was determined to find out how her first year of graduate school had been. Charlotte started to feel physically sick from the lying. She fled to the kitchen for escape. She was relieved to see her parents there.
“Daddy, Mama, I really need to talk to y’all.” 
“Darling, can’t it wait? We have fifty guests in there.” Belle chastised her. 
“No, it can’t wait. It’s important.”
“Whatever it is, I’m sure it can wait.” Her mother ignored her protests and started to leave the kitchen. 
Charlotte was about to burst. She couldn’t wait another second. The constant lies to her friends and family was killing her. And, although she couldn’t admit it out loud yet, Charlie was proud of herself for surviving basic and AIT. “Mama, I’m not in graduate school.” The words escaped her lips before she could stop them.
Her mother froze and then slowly turned around. “Well, you certainly choose a good time to tell us this. Why did you drop out?” Her voice dripped with sarcasm.
Charlotte dropped her head and stared at the floor. “I didn’t drop out. I never started,” she mumbled to the floor. 
“Never started?” Her father yelled. “What do you mean never started? What have you been doing for the past nine months?”
Charlotte took a deep breath and looked up from the floor. Somehow she found her courage and looked her father straight in the eyes. “I’m in the Army.” 
“The Army! What are you doing in the Army?” To say Belle was surprised would be a vast understatement. It was beyond her comprehension to think that her daughter – a young Southern woman of good breeding – would join the Army.
Charlotte was saved by her younger sister running into the kitchen. “Mama, everyone’s wondering where ya’ll are hidin’,” she said breathlessly.
Belle visibly straightened her shoulders. “We’ll discuss this matter later.” She turned and left the kitchen with Jackson following her, shaking his head and muttering under his breath. 
It didn’t take long for the party to end. Belle cheerfully steered everyone toward the door declaring that Charlotte was tired and needed her rest. Everyone nodded their understanding and thanked Mrs. Meeks for the wonderful party. After the guests had left, Belle dismissed the staff for the rest of the day. They looked bewildered but no one was asking any questions. No one questioned Belle.
Charlotte waited anxiously in the living room. She recognized her mother’s behavior – the quiet before the storm. Jackson was a pushover when it came to his daughters. It was her mother who was the disciplinarian. 
After what seemed like an eternity, Belle walked into the living room. “Mama,” Charlotte began, “before you get upset, let me explain.”
Belle was definitely not ready for explanations. “Explain?” She shrieked. “You want to explain now? What is there to explain? You’ve lied to us and deceived us for the past year! How are you going to explain that?”
Charlotte didn’t answer. No answer was expected from her. Her mother continued to rant. “You have embarrassed me in front of my friends and the community. What gives you the right?” Her face was turning red and she was visibly shaking. Before she could continue, Jackson walked over to soothe her. He put his arm around her shoulders and whispered into her ear.
Charlotte remained quiet. She didn’t dare speak. She knew her mother could explode into rage and then things would be said in anger; things that probably couldn’t be taken back later. She waited for her father to calm her mother.
Belle took deep breaths to soothe herself. When she felt calmer, she shook her husband’s arm away and straightened herself. “Alright, I’m ready to listen to an explanation now.”
Charlotte took a deep breath. Where to begin? “Well,” she lamely began, “I never wanted to go to graduate school. I just said that because I thought it’s what y’all wanted for me.” She looked at their faces. They were stone cold – she wasn’t making any headway. “I just wanted to do something for myself for once. Something that no one told me that I had to do, or was expected from me. Just something for myself.” 
After she finished, her eyes pleaded with her dad to understand. But her dad looked away, shaking his head. Her mother was staring right at her, but Charlotte couldn’t meet her eyes.
No one said anything for a long while. Finally, Charlie stood up. “I’m a grown woman now,” she declared. “I don’t need your approval anymore but I’m sorry I lied. I shouldn’t have, but I was afraid you’d talk me out of it if I told you the truth. That’s all I have to say.” With that Charlie walked boldly out of the living room and upstairs to her bedroom. Her parents merely stared after her without saying a word.

Chapter 26 
Homeward Bound – Jo
Sometime in the Past
After picking up her duffel bag and exiting the baggage claim, Jo looked for Billy. She didn’t see him anywhere so she walked to a payphone to page him. “Billy Shelley, please meet your party at the baggage pick-up.” Jo heard the announcement a few minutes later. 
After waiting for 10 minutes, Jo decided that Billy had probably forgotten she was coming home today. She went back to the pay phone and called their house, but no one picked up the phone. 
Jo waited patiently for another half-hour. When Billy still hadn’t shown up, she decided to get a bus home. Jo struggled with her duffel bag to the bus station. She anxiously looked around as she had no clue which bus would get her home. She asked the first bus driver she found and luckily he was going to her neighborhood.
As Jo walked up to her house for the first time in months, she noticed all the lights were on and loud music was blaring. Some welcome home, she thought. I’ll be cleaning this mess up tomorrow. She sighed and opened the front door. She was immediately met by a strong order of tobacco and alcohol.
“Hello,” she called out to the crowd. She looked around but she didn’t know anyone. She walked through the crowd to her bedroom and threw her duffel on the bed. Then, she went in search of Billy or at least someone she knew. She headed to the garage first where she knew the keg would be – a good place to find Billy.
The keg was indeed in the garage as was Billy and some of his poker-playing friends. When Billy saw Jo, he threw down his cards and ran over to her. “Hey, honey,” he slurred. “When did you get home?”
Billy threw his arms around Jo and she could smell the alcohol on his breath. “Just now,” She answered as they hugged. Billy released Jo and put his arm around her. “Hey everyone, it’s Josephine! She’s back home!” The card players yelled a quick hello and then turned back to the game.
“Why didn’t you tell me you were comin’?”
Jo sighed. She wasn’t going to get into a fight with Billy now in front of his friends and not when she hadn’t seen him since Christmas a few months ago. “I musta forgotten to call,” she lied. She had called several times and even sent a letter.
Billy forgave her and then told her he needed to get back to his cards. Jo nodded and walked back to the house. She walked through the living room, ignoring all the strangers in her house, and went straight to the bedroom. She lay down on the bed and was asleep within minutes.
It took Jo a minute to realize where she was when she woke, but the smell of alcohol and the feel of Billy’s arm across her shoulder quickly reminded her. She looked at the clock on the nightstand next to the bed. It was only six in morning, but Jo was wide awake. Might as well get up and start cleaning.
When Jo entered the living room, there were still several people there – passed out on the floor. She shook them awake and sent them on their way. Then she got to work and continued cleaning for several hours before Billy interrupted her. He walked into the living room wearing only his boxers and scratching his head.
“Whatcha doin?” He yawned. “Making all this racket so early in the morning.” He scratched his belly and sat down on the couch.
“I’m cleaning,” Jo answered without stopping.
“Come back to bed,” begged Billy. “You can clean later.
Jo stopped and stood up. “No, I can’t clean later. There’s not time. The movers are coming in less than a week.”
“The movers? What are you talking about?”
Jo sighed. Did Billy ever remember anything she told him? “We’re moving, remember? To Fort Belvoir, where I’m stationed.” 
Billy put his hands up and stood up from the couch. He quickly realized standing was a mistake and plopped back down before losing his balance. “Moving? You never said anything about moving!”
“Yes I did!” Jo was nearly screaming now. “I told you on the phone. Just like I told you when I was coming home, but you forgot.”
Billy stood and strode over to where Jo was standing. “Don’t you raise your voice with me,” he threatened.
Although Jo was still afraid of Billy, she wasn’t going to back down. “Why? What are you gonna do about it?”
Billy raised his arm to slap Jo, but Jo was faster. Jo grabbed his wrist and twisted it and his arm behind his back. “You don’t hit me anymore.” She held on for just a second longer and then released his arm. She walked away and picked up with her cleaning where she had left off, as if nothing had happened.

Chapter 27
Homeward Bound – Laura 
Sometime in the Past
Laura stepped off the plane at National airport and checked her watch. It was only seventeen hundred and she didn’t have to report at Fort Belvoir until the following day. A whole evening of freedom. She could easily take the metro into town and enjoy herself for a while. With a smile to herself, she grabbed her duffel and went in search of a storage locker.
With her duffel safely locked away, Laura headed for the metro. Laura hadn’t been in D.C. for almost nine months now. She wondered if her old haunts were still around and if any of the regulars would still recognize her.
In the first bar she entered, the bartender recognized her. “Hey, we haven’t seen you around here in a while. Where ya been hiding?” He asked as he poured her a beer and handed it to her. 
Laura took a long pull on her beer before answering him. “Out of town for work, but I’m back now.”
“Don’t be a stranger.” He walked away to take care of another customer.
Besides the bartender, there was no one in the place that Laura knew. She decided to have one beer and head out. At the next bar, even the bartender didn’t recognize her. She quickly left before finishing her beer. Once outside, she sighed and decided to try just one more bar before calling it quits for the night.
But when she reached the corner where one of her favorite bars had been, it was gone. The bar had been replaced by a coffee shop – a chain coffee shop. Laura shook her head. It just wasn’t the same anymore. She debated going around to her old apartment building and seeing some old neighbors, but in the end, she decided against it. There would be hell to pay if she wasn’t on time the next day.
Instead, she headed for the metro station and took the metro back to the airport to pick up her bag. Too bad. It used to be so much fun here.

Chapter 28
Homeward Bound – Amy 
Sometime in the Past
It was a twelve hour drive from Fort McClellan, Alabama to Amy’s hometown in Illinois. There wasn’t much to see along the way and after the first few hours, Amy’s parents didn’t talk much. Instead, they continuously argued about everything: where to stop for lunch, when to stop for fuel, which interstate was best, and on and on it went.
Amy couldn’t stand the bickering. She should have been used to it, having heard her parents quarrel constantly from a young age, but it drove her nuts now. She picked up a magazine in the gas station to pass the time and try to block out her parents. She hadn’t read any book, except her Smart book for nine months and was looking forward to it. But as soon as she opened the magazine, she found she was no longer interested in the subject matter: what’s the right make-up for your skin tone, the correct hairstyle for your face shape, blah, blah, blah. Amy didn’t care. She knew which hairstyle she would be sporting for the next 4 years and make-up didn’t matter when you were wearing BDUs.
After ever and a day, they finally arrived home. Home was a small town about a hundred miles southwest of Chicago, smack dab in the middle of corn country, as Amy’s father was apt to say. Besides one movie theater and one restaurant, it wasn’t much of a town. Nearly everyone moved away – fled was more like it – when they turned legal age. Well, except for the farmer’s kids, they mostly stayed and helped on the farm until they could afford something of their own. 
Well, thought Amy as they rolled through town, at least I’ve escaped.
In the front seat, her parents honked and waved to everyone they passed. They knew everyone in town, of course. They were showing off their daughter home from Basic Training. Amy tried to smile as she felt the pink blush of humiliation spread across her face. Couldn’t they act normal?
Finally, they were out of Main Street and pulling into their driveway. There was nothing wrong with the house per se, maybe a little small for a family of six, but otherwise, perfectly acceptable. Still, Amy didn’t want this kind of house for herself. She wanted something bigger and better. Something she could rightly feel proud about. But, despite Amy’s views, her parents were proud of this house. They had saved for years to buy it and had been living there since Amy, their eldest, was born.
Amy climbed out of the back seat and slammed the car door behind her. Her brothers came running outside. There were three of them. Jerry was nineteen and had just completed his first year of community college. Chris was seventeen and about to enter his senior year of high school. And finally there was Larry, who had just turned fifteen and couldn’t wait to be older. Amy smiled and hugged her brothers. She hadn’t realized how much she missed them until she saw them again.
“Oh, my gosh, Amy, you’re not fat anymore,” was Jerry’s welcome.
“Well, it’s good to see you too, Jerry.” Amy wasn’t offended by Jerry’s comment. They had always teased each other a lot. Besides, she was too happy about losing all her fat to care what anyone had to say about it, well almost anyone that is.
Unfortunately, Amy’s mother had heard Jerry’s comment. “Yes, she does look good, doesn’t she? Let’s just see if she can keep it that way.” Amy’s mother had complained about Amy’s weight her entire life while simultaneously feeding her homemade apple pie, muffins and cookies. Somehow, her mother just didn’t make the connection.
Amy looked around a bit desperately for an excuse to stop the discussion of her weight with her mother and saw her father struggling with her duffel bag. “Let me get that Dad.” She walked over and easily grabbed the duffel bag and swung it over her shoulder. She walked toward the house, “Now, where am I sleeping?”
The house only had four bedrooms. Amy, being the only girl, had always had her own bedroom but the minute Amy had left for college, Larry had taken it over. Before that, Chris and Larry had had to share a bedroom. For Amy’s visits home during college, she slept on the couch in the living room. Not very comfortable, but it kept the fighting amongst her brothers at a minimum. 
“My room,” Larry answered grumpily. He was being forced to bunk up with Chris for the week and a half that Amy was home.
Amy rumpled Larry’s hair as she passed by him on her way into the house. “Don’t worry, it’s not forever.” Amy walked to her old bedroom. She had forgotten how small it was. There was barely enough room for a single bed and a chest of drawers, not to mention how miniscule the closet was. She dumped the duffel on the bed and sat down next to it.
Outside, she could hear her parents arguing. She couldn’t hear what they were arguing about and she didn’t care. She’d just sit tight until they quieted down, if that was possible. But just as Amy lay down on her bed to relax, her brothers came running in and closed the door behind them.
“Come on,” begged Jerry, “tell us all about it.”
“Yeah,” continued Larry, “did you get to have real guns and live ammo?” Their dad wasn’t a hunter and was opposed to weapons, despite the fact that almost everyone in their small town owned a gun for personal protection.
Amy sat up and sighed. “I’ll tell you all about it, but first you have to tell me: are they still fighting like that all the time?”
The boys looked at each other and shrugged. “It’s the same as it’s always been,” Chris answered finally.
“How can you stand it?”
Jerry shrugged. “I’m not here much anymore, with college, a part-time job and all.”
Amy smiled. “Yeah, college boy, how’s that going? Did you pass all your classes? Did you decide on a major yet?”
“Uh uh,” Chris interrupted. “You first. You promised to tell us all about Basic Training. Come on, we’re dying to hear all about it.”
Amy laughed and started to tell them a few funny stories about her and the girls. She didn’t tell them about how hard it was or how mean the drill sergeants were. There wasn’t a need since they weren’t planning on going into the military anyway. Besides, they had enough negative things in their lives with Mom and Dad fighting all the time.

Chapter 29
General White: First Witness in Guinea-Bissau Scandal
Present Day
Representative Rogers, ranking member of the House Select Committee to Investigate U.S. Military Action in Guinea-Bissau, confirmed today Representative Vandeburg’s statements that General White is the center of the joint Senate and House investigation into the bombings in Guinea-Bissau. Furthermore, Representative Rogers indicated that General Lewis White (ret.) would be the first person to testify in Congressional Hearings.
According to Rogers, the Congressional hearings will begin next week. The hearings will be conducted jointly by the House Select Committee to Investigate U.S. Military Action in Guinea-Bissau and the Senate Select Committee to Investigate U.S. Bombing of Guinea-Bissau. It is expected that the joint hearings will be broadcasted live and open to the public. The joint Congressional hearings are the outcome of the joint investigation conducted by the two committees over the past several weeks.
This newspaper has heard an unconfirmed rumor that General White will receive immunity in order to testify. Representative Rogers refused to answer whether this rumor, in fact is true. Roger did, however, indicate that it is standard practice to grant immunity to key persons in these types of situations.
General White has been unavailable for comment. His usual residence is in Montana, but it is believed that he is in Washington, D.C. pursuant to a request by Special Prosecutor John Lawrence. Representative Rogers refused to indicate whether General White was in Washington or available for comment.
Since Representative Rogers’s statement that General White might be granted partial immunity, controversy has erupted. Legal advocates argue that the grant of immunity comes too early in the investigation to be effective. Furthermore, granting General White immunity – even partial immunity – will prevent the U.S. Attorney General from being able to effectively prosecute the case later.
Taking testimony from General White, who has been immunized, will seriously undermine any future prosecutions, argues Donna Westmore of Americans for Legal Reform. Prosecutors may not rely in any way on White’s immunized testimony in future prosecutions. They cannot even use witnesses whose memories may have been refreshed by seeing news clips or broadcasts of White’s immunized testimony.
“This is history repeating itself,” stated Ms. Westmore. Oliver North escaped conviction because of this same issue. Despite the fact that prosecutors carefully sequestered themselves from seeing or using North’s immunized testimony during Iran-Contra hearings, a federal appeals court overturned North’s felony convictions. The court ruled that the government could not prove that North’s Congressional testimony had not affected the testimony of witnesses at North’s trial.
In contrast to the legal advocates, others argue that White’s testimony should be immunized. Les Fortune of Americans for the Truth, argues that sufficient precautions can be taken to ensure that the mistakes of the Iran-Contra hearings are not repeated. Furthermore, the immunization of White’s testimony is necessary for the truth to finally be revealed. The U.S. public deserves to hear the truth, argues Mr. Fortune.
Americans for Legal Reform agree that the U.S. public deserves to hear the truth. They advocate for allowing the Special Prosecutor and Congressional Committees enough time to investigate and research the situation before granting immunity. In that manner, the grants of immunity can go to the least culpable participants in the scandal. The more culpable participants can then be properly prosecuted without the taint of immunity. 
Until the joint hearings are held on Monday, it will not be known if and to what extent General White (ret.) has been granted immunity.

Chapter 30
The Truth Hurts
Present Day
“Oh my God,” groaned Amy.
“What is it,” asked Jo.
Amy looked up, startled. She hadn’t realized she was speaking aloud. “It’s bad,” she replied and handed the newspaper article to Jo. But Jo, shaking her head, refused to take the newspaper from her. “Just tell me.” 
“Charlie, Laura,” yelled Amy. “Can you guys come in here for a minute?”
Charlie and Laura were in the bedroom getting ready to go out. Everyone had agreed on a shopping trip to take their minds off of their problems. Charlie and Laura came bouncing in from the bedroom. Charlie held a make-up bag, which was obviously meant to help Laura as only half of Laura’s face was made up.
“What is it, your highness?” joked Laura, as she made a half-curtsy to Amy.
Amy sighed. “I hate to ruin the fun, but we’ve got a crisis.”
Charlie sat down on one of the chairs, deflated. Laura sat down next to her on the arm of the chair. “Figures,” she mumbled. “Just when we’re having a good time.” 
“Look,” said Amy, as she stood up from the couch and put her hands out in front of herself defensively. “I don’t like it any more than you guys do.”
Laura chucked. “I’m not so sure about that,” she said slyly to Charlie but loud enough so that everyone could hear her. “Amy loves being in charge, just like always.”
Charlie shook her head at Laura. “Sorry, Laura, but this is serious,” she said as she turned back to Amy. “Okay, what is it now?”
Amy shook the newspaper at them. “Those stupid Congressional committee fuckers are going to give White immunity to testify.”
Jo looked from Amy to Charlie, searching for clues as to what this meant, but Amy’s and Charlie’s faces were closed. She sighed. “What does that mean?”
“It means he can’t be prosecuted,” answered Laura. Even though she’d been drunk or high most of the time, she still had lived in D.C. for most of her life. She knew about immunity and Congressional hearings. Lord knows there’d been enough of them in the past twenty years.
“But,” interrupted Charlie, “that only means immunity from Congress, right? He can still be prosecuted in the federal courts, can’t he?” Charlie looked to Amy to answer.
But before Amy could answer, Laura said “Yes, that’s right.”
“Technically, that’s right,” agreed Amy. “But, so far, it’s never worked. Remember Oliver North and the Iran Contra Affair?” Laura shook her head. She was alive then, but too young to remember what happened. Plus it was a subject that was conveniently avoided in D.C. public school lessons. Amy turned from Laura to Charlie, but Charlie was shaking her head as well. 
“Well, basically, most of Oliver North’s convictions in federal court were overturned because the prosecutors in the case couldn’t prove that the witness’s testimony wasn’t tainted by his testimony in the Congressional hearings,” simplified Amy. There was no need to go into the entire legal mumble jumble with them, as long as they understood the importance of White getting immunity and what it meant for them.
Jo stood up. “Okay, let me see if I got this. If General White is granted immunity by Congress, there is a good chance he won’t be convicted of any crimes at all. So, basically, White is getting off scot-free!”
Amy nodded. “Exactly.” Now was her chance to tell the girls her idea. Now while they were angry with General White getting away with everything, but that didn’t mean this was going to be easy. Amy cleared her throat. “So, here’s the deal. White’s testifying next week. The immunity stuff won’t come into effect until then. We’ve got to do something before that.” She looked to the girls for their support. They were vaguely nodding their heads. “I say, we testify before that.” 
“WHAT?!” screamed Laura and Charlie simultaneously. Jo just stared at Amy with her mouth wide open; her face was white and she looked faint. “But,” began Jo shakily, “does that mean I’m the one who was to testify?” 
Amy smiled reassuringly and shook her head at Jo. She grabbed Jo’s hand and squeezed it gently before letting it go. “No, Jo, you don’t have to testify. At the Congressional hearings, it can be any one of us. The normal rules of evidence don’t apply there, so we don’t have to worry about hearsay or any of that other garbage.” 
Although Jo looked relieved, Laura and Charlie were staring, eyes twice their normal size, at Amy. “Are you out of your mind? One of us testify on live television?” yelled Charlie. “Do you know how many people are going to be watching?”
Amy took a deep breath. “I’ll do it. Plus, I’ll try to get a closed session, you know, not open to cameras and stuff. I don’t know if it’s possible, but we can ask.” 
Laura – who had been surprisingly speechless until now – asked. “But how are you… we… whatever - going to arrange that?”
Amy picked up a piece of paper she had left lying on the coffee table. “I contacted a lawyer.”
“But you are a lawyer!”
Amy laughed. “I’m a corporate lawyer from Chicago. I don’t know anything about testifying at Congressional hearings. Hell, most of what I just explained to you guys, I had to Google. I called some old law school friends and got a name of someone who’s supposed to be the best at this sort of thing. I made an appointment for this afternoon.”
Laura crossed her arms and stared at Amy. “So! You just assumed we’d go along with this!”
The others nodded in agreement with Laura and looked to Amy with hard eyes. “Look,” began Amy, “I didn’t assume anything, but I think it’s essential that we at least talk to this guy and see what he has to say.” 
“But,” interrupted Jo, “we’ve never told anyone what happened. Not even our husbands. You expect us to talk to a complete stranger.”
“Exactly. A complete stranger is a lot easier to talk to than your loved ones. Besides, everything we tell him is completely confidential.” Amy looked at the women sitting around the round and began to plead with them. “Come on guys, we’ve gotta at least hear our options. Otherwise, that bastard is going to get away with murder.”
“Well, if you think it’s the best thing to do, then I’ll go,” said Jo while not daring to look at Charlie or Laura for a reaction. She knew it was all her fault they were in this mess.
“I’m in,” Laura agreed. Everyone looked to Charlie.
Charlie threw her hands up in surrender. “Alright, alright, I’ll go. Don’t expect me to testify in front of millions of people though. That, my dears, is definitely not going to happen.”

Chapter 31
Girls Reunited – First Duty Station
Sometime in the Past
“We are now making our final descent into Washington National airport. Currently descending through fifteen thousand feet, we expect to have you on the ground in approximately ten minutes. Right on schedule. The latest Washington weather calls for clear skies, unrestricted visibility, a light westerly wind, with a comfortable sixty-eight degrees. Thank you for flying…”
Jo heard the pilot’s voice drone on, but she wasn’t paying any attention. She turned and looked at the empty seat next to her. I wonder what Billy’s doing right now. Luckily, she didn’t have long to explore these melancholic thoughts before they were landing and pulling up to their gate. Jo waited for most of the passengers to debark before standing and grabbing her carry-on from the overheard compartment.
As she exited the plane, Jo passed a flight attendant saying “Welcome to Washington” to all of the debarking passengers. Jo smiled at her, but didn’t say anything. When she arrived at the gate, Jo looked around for Laura. Laura had promised to meet her, but everyone knew that Laura was notorious for being late. 
Not surprisingly, Jo didn’t see any sign of Laura. She sighed and began to look for signs to the baggage pick-up area. But before she could get headed in the right direction, she heard someone yell “Jo, Jo!”
Jo turned and saw Laura running towards her. Laura was dressed in BDUs with an MP brassard on her left shoulder. Her boots were shiny and her uniform pressed. Jo was stunned. She just stood and stared. Finally, Laura reached Jo and hugged her. Laura looked behind her. “Where is he? I’m dying to meet him.”
Jo shook her head and refused to meet Laura’s eyes. “He wouldn’t come with. Doesn’t want to be a military husband, he said.” 
Jo looked near tears so Laura decided to change the subject. “Come on,” she said as she pulled Jo along. “Let’s go get your bags.” They began to walk down the corridor towards the baggage claim. “By the way, what do you think?” Laura spun around for Jo to look at her uniform.
“I think I’m shocked,” laughed Jo. “Shiny boots, pressed uniform. What happened to the slacker Laura that I love?” 
“I know. Scary, isn’t it?” They started walking down the corridor again. “But this is what you’re gonna look like pretty soon too. There’s so much brass at Belvoir that they want us to look our best all the time.” 
They finally reached the baggage claim area and found the carousel with the luggage from Jo’s flight. There were several duffel bags on the carrousel, but Jo’s bag was easy to find as it had Shelley written in large black letters on the side. With the luggage gathered, Jo and Laura began to walk towards the car park. 
After taking care of the luggage and settling in the front seat of the car, Jo asked, “So, how far is to Fort Belvoir?”
Laura started the car and pulled out of the parking spot. “Not far at all. It’s about thirty minutes if there’s no traffic.” Laura looked at the clock on the dashboard. “But at this time of night, there’s bound to be traffic.”
They exited the airport and started south on the Washington Expressway. Jo looked outside, surprised and delighted by what she saw. “It’s gorgeous here. I would never have expected it. We’re so close to the city yet there’s so much green. And the water. Wow. Who would have thought?” Jo marveled. 
They did get stuck in traffic but it wasn’t too bad and within forty minutes, they were pulling into the main gate at Fort Belvoir. An MP stood guard at the entrance stopping all cars entering the base. Laura slowed down, but when the MP saw her uniform, he waved her through. Laura waved, smiled and drove on.
“Where do I have to report?” asked Jo. She was visibly getting nervous now that they were actually on the base and she was once again surrounded by the military.
“Don’t worry. I’ll show you the ropes. It’s no big deal.” Laura looked over at Jo and gave her a reassuring smile.
*****
Charlie’s plane arrived early at Baltimore Washington International Airport. After she debarked, she checked her watch and noticed that it would be another hour before Amy’s plane landed. Charlie sighed, regretting her decision to wait for Amy before proceeding to Fort Meade and began to walk to baggage claim. 
The plane from Chicago was, of course, almost thirty minutes late. Charlie waited at the gate for Amy. When Amy finally walked through the gate, Charlie yelled her name and waved for her attention. Amy walked over and hugged Charlie. “We’re late,” she said simply. “Did you have to wait long?”
“Almost an hour and a half.”
“Sorry. Come on, let’s get my bag and get out of here.” Charlie said as she led Amy in the right direction. After they had picked up their bags, they headed toward the bus terminal and found a bus heading in the direction of Fort Meade. After taking care of their luggage, they settled down for the ride.
Amy sighed. “Finally.”
Charlie laughed. “Are you in such a rush to get back to the Army?”
Amy shook her head. “Nope, just in a rush to get away from my family.”
Charlie looked sympathetic. “That bad, eh?”
Amy suddenly remembered Charlie’s predicament with her family. “Oh shit. Sorry, I forgot. How did it go with telling your parents?”
Charlie made a face. “It didn’t.” When she didn’t elaborate, Amy asked “What happened?” 
Amy wanted all the details. She was secretly fascinated with Charlie’s situation. She couldn’t imagine keeping her life so secret from her parents, let alone not telling them she was in the military for almost a year!
Charlie sighed. She really didn’t want to talk about it, but on the other hand, there was really no harm in talking about it either. “Well, my Mom called me a liar and refused to talk to me for the entire time I was there. My Dad, of course, sided with my Mom and tried to talk to me as little as possible.”
“I’m sorry. That couldn’t have been a fun two weeks.”
“Well, on the bright side, my brothers now think I’m totally cool and wouldn’t leave me alone with questions about guns and stuff.” Charlie laughed.
Amy nodded. “I know! I had the same thing with my brothers. I think they actually expected that I would have an M-16 with me.”
They laughed and told silly stories until the bus driver announced their arrival at Fort Meade. They looked at each other, wide-eyed with apprehension. Finally, Amy shrugged and stood to grab their hand luggage from the overhead compartment. When they got off the bus, they noticed more people looking anxious with duffel bags. Luckily, one of them seemed to know where to go and they followed.
The next few hours went by quickly. They shuffled from one administration building to another. By the end, they had been assigned to a unit and given a place to sleep. It was already past office hours so they headed to the barracks, their new home.

Chapter 32
Surprise Witness at Congressional Hearings
Present Day
This newspaper has learned from a confidential source that there will be a surprise witness at the Joint Congressional Hearings concerning the Guinea-Bissau scandal. The confidential source could not confirm who the surprise witness is. In fact, states the confidential source, most of the members of the Congressional committees are unaware of the surprise witness’s identity. Only Senator Lewis (D-Rhode Island), ranking member of the Senate Select Committee to Investigate U.S. Bombing of Guinea-Bissau, and Representative Rogers (R-Texas), ranking member of the House Select Committee to Investigate U.S. Military Action in Guinea-Bissau, are aware of the identification of this surprise witness.
According to the confidential source, the surprise witness came forward of his (or her) own volition and volunteered to testify at the hearings. The confidential source would give no information as to the subject matter of the testimony. It was hinted, however, that the witness’s testimony might be the end of General White’s insistence on immunity during the hearings.
When asked whether the surprise witness’s testimony will be aired live and open to the public, the confidential source stated that the situation is still being debated. The surprise witness had originally insisted on a closed session with no cameras allowed in the room. The witness now appears to be backing down on the request.
There is no further information as to the surprise witness’s identity. It is unclear what the connection between the witness and the Guinea-Bissau scandal is. Some experts are speculating that the surprise witness is a former member of the CIA or Homeland Security that were involved in the preparations leading up to the bombings in Guinea-Bissau in 2003. Others discredit this speculation stating that confidentiality clauses in the CIA and Homeland Security employment agreements would prevent a former employee from coming forward of his or her own volition.
Neither Senator Lewis nor Representative Rogers could be reached for comment. A spokesperson for the Joint Congressional Investigation, however, said that she could not confirm or deny the rumor of a surprise witness testifying on the first day of the Congressional hearings.
Special Prosecutor Lawrence stated that he had no information concerning this surprise witness. He was aware, however, that there is a possibility that General White will not be the first person testifying at the hearings.
General White is still unreachable for comment. This newspaper has learned, however, that General White is undoubtedly in Washington, D.C. General White has met with Special Prosecutor Lawrence and with Senator Lewis and Representative Rogers. Our source indicated that General White has been uncooperative and is not answering questions. Furthermore, he is insisting on immunity before testifying before the Joint Congressional Hearings. The surprise witness’s sudden appearance may be the end of General White’s plea for immunity.
When asked what the situation concerning General White was, the spokesperson for the Joint Congressional Investigation stated that it is unclear. Furthermore, at this point in the investigation, no one has been granted immunity. The members of the Committees are investigating all possible options before granting any witness, and possible culpable persons, immunity.

Chapter 33
Things Fall Apart
Sometime in the Past
Oh my God, she thought and then aloud, “Oh my God,” and again “Oh my fucking God!” She dropped the newspaper haphazardly on the floor and walked to the television. She turned it on and turned immediately to CNN. The same story, which was plastered all over the front page of the newspaper, was being covered on CNN as a late-breaking story. She tried to sit, nearly missed the chair and finally fell onto the chair planted in front of the television.
The telephone rang. She picked up the phone and said only “What?”
“I take it you’ve seen the news then,” Charlie answered.
Amy nodded but then remembered that Charlie couldn’t see her and said “Yes, just now.”
“What are we going to do,” asked Charlie except it didn’t sound like a question. It sounded like something between a plea for help and an outburst of tears.
“I don’t know. I just don’t know.” 
They both stayed on the phone, without saying anything for a few more seconds, although it could have been minutes or hours and they wouldn’t have known it. Finally, Amy roused herself from what felt like a deep sleep. She visibly shook her shoulders and spoke with false confidence into the phone. “I’m coming over. We shouldn’t talk on the phone about this anyway.” 
Amy waited for Charlie to reply, but there was only silence. She sat, watching CNN for a while longer before getting up to switch the TV off and leave her room. She walked quickly to Charlie’s room. It wasn’t far, set within the same compound of buildings in which her room was found. 
Charlie was waiting for her When Amy walked up the stairs, Charlie opened the door and rushed out. Since their phone call, Charlie had succumbed to the need to cry and tears stained her cheeks. Amy finished walking up the stairs and hugged Charlie. The hug made Charlie want to cry more so she pulled herself away and walked into her barracks room with Amy following her.
CNN was playing on the television in Charlie’s room but Charlie walked over and turned it off. They had heard everything they needed to know. There wasn’t anything to be learned from watching the same footage being reported over and over.
“Well,” prompted Charlie, “what are we gonna do?”
Amy stood in the middle of the room and shook her head. “How am I supposed to know?” she answered more aggressively than necessary. It was tiring, always being the one who had the answers or who everything thought had the answers. Now, Amy was tired and didn’t want to be the one to come up with a solution. Couldn’t someone else take over the responsibility for a change? But when Amy looked at Charlie’s tear-stained face, she regretted her harshness. Charlie was distraught and looked destroyed. There was no way Charlie could figure out a sensible solution in that state. It was up to cool, calm Amy to figure something out. Only Amy didn’t feel either. 
Before Amy could apologize for being abrupt, the telephone rang. When Charlie heard it was Jo and Laura calling from Fort Belvoir, she pushed the intercom button and set the handset back on the cradle.
“Amy’s here too.”
“Amy, what are we gonna do?” asked Jo without bothering to greet Amy in any manner.
“I don’t know, Jo.” It seemed like she had been saying ‘I don’t know’ for hours. It wasn’t a feeling Amy liked or was used to.
“Come on,” said Laura and not a little impatiently either. “You got us into this mess. You need to get us out of it."
That angered Amy. She had gotten no one into this situation. They had all landed in this situation and now they were trying as best they could to deal with it. No one could be blamed for them being in this situation. Not even Jo, who had technically, found the documents.
But before Amy could lash out at Laura, Jo stopped her. “Shut up, Laura,” she said in an uncharacteristically harsh voice. “If this is anyone’s fault, it’s mine. Besides, you’re not exactly innocent yourself.”
Charlie jumped in before any more harsh words could be spoken. “Come on guys, this is not doing us any good. We need to decide how we are going to respond.”
“Respond,” Laura was nearly screaming now. “Respond! How can we respond? We can’t respond, I tell you. We can’t bring those people back from the dead!”
In the background, Jo began to sniffle. She was desperately trying not to cry, but when Laura spoke so harshly of the people who had lost their lives, she could no longer hold back her tears. Tears began to stream down her face. She wiped them away with the sleeve of her shirt, but the tears continued to pour out. Laura, committed hater of non-sex related personal contact, had no choice but to hug Jo to her.
On the other side of the line, Amy and Charlie looked at each other – concern for Jo clear in their faces. Everyone knew that Jo felt responsible for their predicament since she had found the paperwork. The guilt was enormous and weighing her down. “Jo,” said Charlie softly, “are you okay?”
“Sweetie,” added Amy. “It’s gonna be okay. We’ll figure something out. Don’t worry. We’ll always be together in this – forever.” 
“Promise?” Jo said weakly. “Promise we’ll always be together. We’ll always protect each other.”
“Of course.” Charlie and Amy answered simultaneously without any hesitation. 
They spoke for a few more minutes, trying to reassure Jo and calm themselves down. It was impossible to meet somewhere to discuss things in person. All military bases were now on high alert and that meant extra guards along the base borders. Extra guards meant extra guard duty for Amy, Charlie, Laura and Jo.
But they promised to meet up soon. When things calmed down a bit. When everyone had had a chance to think about the best possible course of action; then they would meet and discuss everything. Figure out a solution.

Chapter 34
Shock Therapy
Present Day
They walked silently into the elevator. Someone’s shaking hand pushed the button for the ground floor and the elevator began to slowly descend from the 12th floor to the lobby. On the ground floor, the elevator doors opened and they piled out. Once outside on the pavement, they halted and stood staring at the bright sunshine, finding it hard to believe the sun could still shine when their world was crumbling down. 
No one said anything. No one knew what to say. Had it all been said? Had they made the right decision? Was this decision going to haunt them for the rest of their lives as the other decision had haunted them for the past eight and a half years? Would this decision ruin their renewed friendship as the previous one almost had?
Never one to keep quiet for very long, Amy could stand the silence no longer. “Well,” she began. “Shall we go have some lunch?”
Laura, Jo and Charlie looked at each other. Lunch, how could she be thinking about food? Their stomachs were tied into a thousand knots. Amy saw the astonishment on their faces. “Well, we can’t stand on the sidewalk forever,” she pushed. “Let’s at least go get a cup of coffee.”
 They continued to gape at Amy as if she had just suggested they go rob the Senate. Amy returned their look and then she did the most unexpected thing; she laughed. Their frightened gazes turned on each other. Had she lost her mind?
Amy continued to laugh. “Come on. Let’s get you guys in a coffee shop before people start to think that you’re all deaf and dumb.” She herded them together and pushed them towards the nearest open restaurant.
The restaurant was crowded with men and women in dark blue and black business suits. They were holding power lunches and looking extremely important and self-centered. Amy breathed a sigh of relief. This was her world, where she felt comfortable and alive. But would she ever find her way back into this or had she just lost any chance of recovering her life?
Amy visibly shook herself and her thoughts out of her head. She looked around the restaurant and managed to find an empty table in the back of the crowded place. She steered the girls toward the table and forced them to sit down. 
The waitress walked over almost immediately. “What’ll it be?” she asked without any introduction or pleasantry.
Amy looked around the table at the girls. They still seemed incapable of making any decisions, even a simple decision such as what to eat for lunch. “Could we have four coffees, please? And a minute to look at the menu.” The waitress threw the menus at them, turned and walked briskly away.
Amy picked up the menu, but she was the only one. The rest of them sat there, staring forward without seeing anything. Amy sighed and put her menu away. She tried to think of something to say, but before she could, the waitress returned baring coffees and asking for their order. Amy quickly ordered four club sandwiches with fries and handed the menus back to the waitress. Jo, Laura and Charlie hadn’t even looked at the menus let alone touched them. 
Amy turned back to the girls and sighed yet again. It wasn’t going to be easy. They seemed to be in a state of shock or something. She didn’t know what to say. Stupidly, she said “I hope everyone likes club sandwiches.” She smiled innocently around the table.
Laura leaned forward. “Do you think anyone really gives a fuck about your club sandwiches,” she growled at Amy.
Shocked, Amy looked at Laura, not having a clue how she should respond. She didn’t get a chance anyway. “Oh shut up,” Charlie responded instead. “She’s just trying to help.”
“Help,” uttered Laura. “Help. We wouldn’t be in this cluster fuck if it weren’t for her.” 
“What would you have done? Continued to get high and turn tricks?” Charlie challenged.
“Well at least I would have been safe doing that.”
“Safe,” snorted Charlie. But she didn’t respond further as she turned to Jo and noticed tears streaming down Jo’s face. Jo seemed oblivious and uncaring. She just continued to stare straight ahead, trying to control the shaking of her hands by holding her coffee cup with both hands.
Laura began to speak again, but Charlie silenced her with a shake of her head and a nod towards Jo. Laura was sitting beside Jo and hadn’t noticed the tears streaming unabashedly down Jo’s face. Charlie and Jo looked at each other, guilt for their outburst written all over their faces.
Awkwardly, Laura raised her arm and put it around Jo’s shoulders. “It’s okay, Jo,” she said soothingly.
Jo shook her head. “No, it’s not,” she disagreed. “It’s all my fault. It’s my fault we’re here. Not Amy’s. Amy is just trying to help.” Jo smiled weakly at Amy and Amy reached over and squeezed her hand.
No one said anything for a while. Above Jo’s bowed head, Laura, Amy and Charlie looked at each other. They were all worried about Jo and didn’t know how much more she could take. Although they had all been involved in the incident, it was indeed Jo who had started everything. She was the one that stumbled upon the truth.
Finally, Amy took a deep breath and took Jo’s head in her hands. She turned Jo’s face toward her. “It is NOT your fault,” she said. “Do you hear me? It is not your fault. It’s nobody’s fault. It just happened, that’s all. And now we’ve got to deal with it. Which is what we were doing today by going to see the lawyer.”
Jo just stared at Amy and shook her head. Charlie reached over and grabbed Jo’s hands between her own. “Amy’s right, you know. She seems to be right about everything lately. Irritating, isn’t it?”
The little joke worked. A slight smile began on Jo’s face. Amy decided to play the joke for all it was worth. She put her hands on her hips and looked indignantly at Charlie and then Jo. “I’m not always right. And I’m definitely not irritating.”
That was enough. Jo and Charlie burst out laughing. “Oh yes, you are,” Jo answered. “You’re very irritating.” She pretended to pick up a menu and imitated Amy. “We’ll have four club sandwiches, please. I hope that’s all right with you guys, stumbling idiots that you are.” With that, Laura joined Jo and Charlie in their laughter. Amy smiled and allowed herself to be the butt of the joke. She would do anything to stop Jo’s tears.
By the time the waitress arrived with their four sandwiches, Laura, Jo and Charlie had to wipe tears of mirth from their eyes. The waitress stared at them as if they were aliens from another planet. With a shrug she plopped the four plates down on the table and walked away without saying a word.
Laura reached for her plate. “I’m starving,” she said as she pushed a fistful of fries into her mouth.
The other girls nodded in agreement and began to munch on their sandwiches in peace.

Chapter 35
The Start of the End
Sometime in the Past
Where am I, thought Laura. She tried to raise her head but it felt heavy as a stone sculpture. She felt dizzy, the room starting to spin. But she kept trying and finally, after much concerted effort, she managed to raise her head and open her eyes. She found herself staring straight at herself with a line-up of bottles standing in between her and her reflection.
Oh shit. I’m still at the bar. She looked past the mirror to the clock hanging above it. It was only half past ten in the evening, but Laura was stone cold drunk. She had fallen asleep on her barstool with her head lying on the bar. Her hair was matted to the right side of her head where it had been squashed between the bar and her head.
Laura tried to stand. I need to get back to base. I’ve got duty at oh four hundred hours. But standing proved to be difficult. Finally, defeated, Laura sat back down on the barstool. She motioned to the bartender who had been watching her out of the corner of his eye. He walked over immediately.
“You’re cut off,” he said while continuing to dry the beer glass in his hand.
Laura ignored the comment. She’d heard it a thousand times before. “Can I use the phone to call a taxi,” she asked instead.
The bartender didn’t reply. He merely reached behind him and grabbed the phone. Laura waited for him to walk away before dialing. She thought for a second about who to call. She couldn’t call Jo. Jo had recently begun to make comments about Laura’s drinking. Besides, Jo’s husband, Billy, was living with her now and he wouldn’t allow her to come pick Laura up at this time of night – even though it was fairly early – anyway. Laura sighed and dialed the number of a cab company she knew by heart. 
When the cab arrived fifteen minutes later, Laura forced herself off of the barstool and walked shakily to the exit and into the waiting cab. She didn’t need to tell the cabby where she was going. All the drivers of her ‘favorite’ cab company knew Laura and where she lived.
The stairs to her room seemed insurmountable when Laura reached her barracks, but somehow she managed to climb them, fit her key into the door and get into bed without bothering to take her clothes off. She didn’t think about the alarm, but the alarm would go off at the designated time regardless. 
Jo saw Laura at morning formation and knew immediately that Laura had been drinking again. Laura’s face was puffy, her eyes were blurred and she smelled vaguely of alcohol underneath a huge layer of perfume. Jo sighed. She knew she had to say something to Laura, but the last time she had tried to talk to Laura, Laura had exploded on her.
Laura walked over to Jo and smiled. “Want to meet up for lunch?”
Jo nodded. It would give her the opportunity to talk with Laura. “Sure.” 
They quickly agreed on a time and place before heading out in their patrol vehicles for the day. Jo wondered if Laura was still too intoxicated to drive. She was relieved to see that Laura wasn’t riding alone and had offered to let her partner drive.
At half past twelve precisely, Jo parked her patrol vehicle in the PX parking lot. She was meeting Laura at the pizza place located inside the PX building. She looked around and noticed another patrol vehicle already there. She gathered her radio and headed into the building.
Jo found Laura playing a video game with her partner. When Laura saw Jo, she left her partner at the game and went to join Jo at the table.
“Hey, how’s it going? I’m starving.” 
Jo was relieved that Laura was eating. She thought that if Laura was eating then she couldn’t be drinking too much. After all Billy couldn’t hold down any food after a night of binge drinking. Jo sighed. She needed to confront Laura. Laura knew that sigh. She looked questioningly at Jo.
“How ya been?” Jo began. “I tried to call you last night but you didn’t answer.” Jo lied. She hadn’t tried to call Laura. She rarely called Laura now that Billy was around.
“Did you,” Laura asked and raised her eyebrows. She wasn’t sure if Jo was lying but it seemed strange that Jo would call. “What’d you want?”
Jo shrugged. “Nothing much; just seeing what you were up to. Where were you?”
“Out,” was the only answer that Laura would give.
Jo stared at Laura. She wasn’t making this any easier. “Were you drinking again?” Jo asked when the silence became too much for her.
“None of your business,” replied Laura with clenched teeth.
In for a penny, in for a pound, thought Jo. “Come on, I can smell the alcohol on you. Despite the bottle of perfume you used this morning.”
Laura leaned forward and hissed, “You’re one to talk to me about problems. You can’t even get yourself out of an abusive marriage.” 
Jo took a sharp breath. How did Laura know? She hadn’t told her anything. She’d didn’t want Laura to know how weak she’d become, how dependent on Billy she was. But Jo wasn’t going down this road with Laura and so shook her head. “You’re trying to change the subject.”
“No,” said Laura slowly. “All I’m doing is saying that I don’t think someone who has a husband who beats her up is qualified to give advice.” With that, Laura stood up and called to her partner. “Come on, let’s get going.” 
Laura strode out of the restaurant. Jo didn’t say anything or try to stop her. Deep down she knew Laura was right. Who was she to try and give anyone advice? But Laura was her friend and she was hurting. Jo just wanted to help. That’s all. 
*****
Amy sat with her head buried in paperwork. Thus preoccupied, she didn’t hear as Charlie approached her. “Hey stranger,” Charlie greeted as she sat down across from Amy.
Amy looked up from her paperwork. “Hey, yourself. Haven’t seen you in a while.”
“Whose fault is that? You’re the one that’s never around.”
Amy sighed. “I’ve been busy.” Amy had been taking graduate courses at the University of Maryland for a while now. Charlie nodded and looked down at Amy’s paperwork. It didn’t seem work or school related. “What ya workin’ on now?”
“Early discharge.” Amy stated simply to Charlie’s shock. She hadn’t heard anything about an early discharge. She looked questionably at Amy but Amy had already returned to her paperwork as if Charlie wasn’t there.
“I didn’t know that.” 
Amy looked up again and groaned. Resigned, she put her pen down. It was obvious Charlie wasn’t going to let her return to her paperwork without having some sort of conversation. “Oh, I thought I’d told you.” She said on a shrug. 
Charlie raised her eyebrows and looked directly into Amy’s eyes. “I think I would have remembered something like that,” she said, challenging Amy to lie directly to her face.
Amy attempted a smile but failed and ended up frowning at Charlie. “Okay, maybe I forgot to tell you,” she admitted. Amy knew she hadn’t told Charlie and she didn’t want to tell her now. She didn’t want to hear about how she was abandoning everyone and Charlie specifically.
“Why?” It was a simple question but there was no simple answer. The easy answer was that Amy had applied at a few law schools and she wanted to begin studying in the fall. But really, she was just tired of everything. Tired of feeling responsible for Jo, Laura, Charlie and herself. Tired of feeling guilty for everything they’d done. She knew they’d made the right decision and couldn’t be held responsible that their decision hadn’t helped. She just wanted to get as far away as possible. She couldn’t believe that Charlie didn’t want to get away as well.
“I’m hopefully,” Amy crossed her fingers to illustrate her uncertainty, “going to law school in the fall.” 
Charlie knew that it had always been Amy’s dream to go to law school. It had always been the plan for Amy to go to law school, but after she finished her obligation to Uncle Sam. “Why now? Why not wait?” asked Charlie knowing full well what the answer was.
Amy stared directly into Charlie’s eyes. “Don’t tell me you haven’t thought about leaving.” Amy challenged her.
Charlie sighed and shrugged. “Of course I’ve thought about leaving, but we promised.” They’d all promised to be there for one another to cover for each other, if it became necessary. That would be hard to do from some Ivy League law school, miles away from D.C. or Baltimore.
“I’m not breaking that promise,” Amy was determined. “I never promised I would stay in the military forever, did I?”
Charlie decided to drop the subject. She knew Amy was right. Sooner or later they would all leave the Army behind them. Except perhaps Laura, she might stay in the military forever. But it seemed too soon for Amy to leave. The wounds were still raw inside them. “Well then, when will you be leaving?”
Amy shrugged. “Nothing’s decided yet. I still have to be accepted to a law school. Then, I have to get this paperwork pushed through. Hopefully, I’ll be out of here in July, maybe beginning of August.” It was only February. There was still plenty of time for things to change thought Charlie.
*****
But Charlie was wrong. Nothing changed in Amy’s plans between February and July. In fact, Amy’s plans went according to schedule. She was accepted to three law schools and her paperwork for early discharge from the Army, sailed through the administrative red tape.
In the meantime, Charlie saw very little of Amy. Although they technically still worked in the same company, they were in different squads, which meant they worked opposing shifts. When they first arrived in Fort Meade, it wasn’t a problem. They still met up on their off days or caught lunch together during shift change. But things had changed. 
Laura and Jo didn’t visit any more, either. They used to visit once or twice a month, but they hadn’t been to Fort Meade for at least half a year. Charlie called Jo once in a while, but even these phone conversations were becoming more and more scarce. Charlie knew she couldn’t hold the friendship together on her own. Amy was the leader of the group. The one who forced everyone to get together and make time for one another, but now Amy had all but disappeared.
Charlie decided to make one last ditch effort to get everyone together before Amy left Maryland. She knew they would probably never see each other as a group again once Amy was gone. She tried to call Laura first, but Laura never answered her phone and she didn’t have an answering machine.
Charlie had better luck getting in touch with Jo. The phone was picked up on the first ring.
“Hello,” answered a male voice.
Charlie was startled. She didn’t know that Billy had come to live with Jo. The last time she had spoken to Jo, Jo was still living alone and Billy was at home in Oklahoma. Charlie cleared her throat. “Hi! Is Jo there, please?”
The man didn’t reply. Charlie just heard him yell – he obviously hadn’t even bothered to put his hand over the receiver – “Jo, telephone!”
After a few minutes, Jo came on the phone. “Hello.”
“Hi, Jo! It’s Charlie. How are you?”
“Charlie! What a surprise! What’s going on? Nothing bad, I hope.” Jo was immediately on alert.
“Nothing bad, Jo. Does something bad have to happen before I call?”
“No, of course not. I just haven’t heard from you in so long.”
“That goes both ways.”
“Yeah, sorry about that. I’ve been busy.”
“I hear that. So Billy’s there now?”
Jo quickly scanned the kitchen where she was standing to ensure that Billy was out of hearing range. He couldn’t stand it if she talked about him. He was paranoid that she was telling people lies about him. But Billy was nowhere in sight. He had probably returned to the living room where he sat watching television – a beer perpetually in his hand.
“Yeah, Billy’s been here for a while,” whispered Jo. “I can’t really talk about that now.”
“Okay.” Charlie got right to the heart of the matter. “Anyway, I’m calling because I want to get together one last time before Amy leaves.”
“Where’s Amy going?” This was news to her.
“She’s leaving for law school at the end of the month. I thought we could get together for dinner or something before she left.”
Jo debated before answering. She did want to see everyone again, but it was just so hard. Billy would have a fit about her going out on her own. And she didn’t know if she could take the memories. Seeing all of them together would bring it all back, the fear of getting caught and the fear of her career being ruined. She just couldn’t handle that, but luckily, she didn’t need to explain anything to Charlie. She could just blame everything on Billy.
“Well,” she began. “I’d really like to, but I can’t.” Before Charlie could respond, Jo plunged on. “You see, it’s Billy. He gets upset if I go out. He gets jealous.”
Charlie didn’t know how to respond. She didn’t know if Billy was still beating Jo. On one hand, she wanted Jo to stand up for herself, but on the other hand, she didn’t want to be responsible for Jo getting a beating. She decided to try a different tactic. “I’ve been trying to reach Laura. Do you know where she is?”
Jo breathed a sigh of relief. Good, she wouldn’t have to explain herself and her situation with Billy any further. “She’s around, but –,” Jo cleared her throat. Should she really tell Charlie about Laura’s drinking? Well, it didn’t really matter. Charlie would figure it out sooner or later anyway. “She’s been drinking a lot again. She even comes to work with alcohol on her breath.”
They talked for a while longer, but by the time they finished speaking, Charlie felt defeated. She decided to give up her plans for a get together. Maybe she and Amy could still go out for dinner, just the two of them.
What happened to us? It was a rhetorical question. She knew what had happened, guilt was eating them alive.

Chapter 36
Surprise Witness
Present Day
There she sat – stuck – in the middle of the large room, which seemed to grow larger right before her eyes. She was, unwillingly, the center of attention. She felt trapped and isolated. Isolated and alone, even though the room was crowded. Across from her sat the Joint Congressional Committee. The House and Senate Committees had laid apart their differences and gathered together for the hearings. She looked down at her hands, tightly grasping a stack of papers, to ensure they weren’t shaking, too much. Her hands hadn’t betrayed her, but her heart had. It beat loud and fast. She tried to ignore it and concentrate on her breathing, which threatened to go beyond her control and become loud and laborious. But there wasn’t time to think any further as one of the committee members leaned forward and began speaking into his microphone.
“Please state your name for the record,” began the leading member of the Senate Committee.
Slowly, but steadily, she leaned forward to the microphone and spoke quietly into it. “Amy Larson.”
A flurry of activity erupted in the back of the room. Reporters – who had been relegated to the far recesses began to run hurriedly out of the room in order to report this breaking news to their news desks and research assistants. Who was Amy Larson, everyone wanted to know.
Amy didn’t notice the disruption caused by the reporters. It was impossible for her to hear anything above the pounding of her own heart and labored breathing. She had lost the battle to control her breathing. Hesitating, her lawyer reached across the table and grabbed Amy’s hand. She looked up, grateful for the encouragement.
Senator Lewis banged a large file against the table at which he sat. (He had requested a gavel but the other committee members had told him that it was not appropriate for a congressional hearing.) “Quiet down. We can make this a closed session, if we don’t have some quiet,” he threatened. The mere threat of not being able to hear firsthand the surprise witness in the scandal of the decade was enough. All activity immediately stopped. 
“Ms. Larson,” resumed Senator Lewis after a few moments of shuffling his papers. “I understand that you have prepared a statement.”
Amy merely nodded, but her attorney, Jackson Thornton, nudged her in the side and pointed to the microphone placed on the table in front of her. Amy leaned forward and said “Yes” into the microphone.
“You are making this statement of your own free volition.” It was half-question, half-statement. 
Amy looked at Jackson. She wasn’t sure how she was supposed to respond. After all, she had only agreed to testify after several days of negotiation with the Special Prosecutor and Attorney General. Jackson, apparently reading her mind, leaned forward and spoke in the microphone, “As you are aware, Senator, Ms. Larson has been granted full immunity.”
The entire panel of congressional members began to shuffle their papers and look for the paperwork they knew should have been included in the package, an indication of the grant of immunity. Individually, each member found what they were looking for and began to read the grant of immunity given by the Attorney General and Special Prosecutor to Amy Larson, et al. The panel began to whisper amongst themselves. The panel member sitting closest to Senator Lewis bent over and began to whisper to Lewis. Lewis covered the microphone with his hand.
They finished their murmured conversation and Senator Lewis spoke into the microphone. “There appears to be some confusion about this grant of immunity,” he said. “According to our records, there were four people granted immunity. Amy Larson, Charlotte Meeks, Josephine Shelley and Laura Brown. Could you explain?”
Amy turned around to stare at Charlie, Jo and Laura. They were seated immediately behind her. As part of the plea bargain, in which all women were granted immunity, each woman was required to be there. However, they had been promised that only Amy would be forced to testify. The rest would be left alone. Amy turned around as Jackson began to speak.
“Yes, that’s correct. All four women have been granted immunity. They are all present here today. Ms. Larson will read a prepared statement which all four women attest to being true.” 
Again, the congressional members began to whisper amongst themselves. This was highly unusual. Who had allowed this arrangement? As the panel members were distracted, the reporters used the opportunity to make phone calls and send messages. The names Amy Larson, Charlotte Meeks, Josephine Shelley and Laura Brown were repeated hundreds of times. They were nobodies. Why had they come to testify in front of the congressional committees and why had they been granted immunity?
As the noise level in the room increased, so did Amy’s anxiety. She had been promised that this whole ordeal would be over quickly. She merely needed to read the prepared statement and maybe answer a few questions. It wouldn’t last more than a morning, they had promised. Had she been naïve to believe it? She turned to Charlie, Jo and Laura. They all tried smiling at her encouragingly. Secretly, they were all relieved that Amy was the one in the hot seat and not them.
After what seemed like an eternity, Jackson grabbed the microphone. “Is there a problem?” he asked somewhat bluntly. “I understood the committees were aware of and approved this arrangement.”
The committee members quieted down and looked to Senator Lewis to answer. Senator Lewis shuffled his papers before looking up to respond. “There is no problem. Is Ms. Larson prepared to give her statement now?”
Jackson returned the microphone to Amy and nodded at her. “Yes,” she said.
“Please proceed,” stated the Senator. “And,” he added threateningly, “if I hear so much as a peep from the back of the room, I will close this session.”
The room became deafening still. Amy’s hands shook and she shivered as she reached for the prepared statement. They had spent nearly two days arguing and agreeing on the wording before it was finished. On the second day, they had finally been able to reach an agreement and print the final version of the statement. It wasn’t very long, only a few pages. But reading it could ruin her life. Not to mention those of Charlie, Jo and Laura.
Jackson reached over and squeezed Amy’s hand for encouragement. Amy looked at him and he smiled grimly at her. Amy turned and looked at Charlie, Laura and Jo. They sat holding hands and smiling – in what they hoped was – encouragement. She glanced briefly at the reporters seated at the back of the room. They sat with their hands poised about notepads or fingers at the ready on their tablets, anxious for her to begin her statement. Finally, Amy turned around, cleared her throat and began to read the statement.
“Congressmen and women of the Senate Select Committee to Investigate U.S. Bombing of Guinea-Bissau and the House Select Committee to Investigate U.S. Military Action in Guinea-Bissau.” 
She cleared her throat again and began speaking in earnest. 
“On February 1st, 2003, a routine security sweep of Fort Belvoir revealed that General White’s residence was unsecured. As is the usual SOP – standard operating procedure – in these instances, the military police were dispatched to ascertain if a crime had been committed. The military police patrol consisted of two military personnel. Upon arriving at the scene, the military police noticed that the front and back doors of the residence were unlocked and all lights on the first floor of the residence were on. The military police entered the residence to look for General White and his family. After a complete sweep of the residence, it was determined that the residence was empty. The military police called dispatch to ask them to locate General White and his family. This was to ensure that a kidnapping had not taken place.
While dispatch located General White, the military police performed a more thorough search of the residence ensuring that no crime had been committed and no valuables had been stolen. While performing this search, the military police entered General White’s personal study. The study door was open and the lights were on. Furthermore, the computer was on. The military police noticed that the computer was opened to Outlook and the General had apparently been in the middle of writing an email before he vacated his residence. Without hesitating, the MP read the email. The email, as it was open and apparently unfinished, could have easily been a clue as to the whereabouts of General White and his family. 
The email was from General White to the joint FBI and Homeland Security task team, code name, JESUS, which…“ 
At this point, Amy, who hadn’t looked up since she began the statement, glanced up at the committee members and added, “as I’m sure you are all aware of.” 
Then, she looked back down at the statement and continued reading, “had been set up to research possible terrorist cells in Africa. The email referred to a report written by the task force JESUS and encompassed the findings of the investigation of Guinea-Bissau, which the task force had just completed. In General White’s email, he asked all members of the JESUS task force to destroy all copies of the task force report.
In searching through General White’s desk, the MPs were able to locate the report which the General referred to in his email. The ranking CIA member of the JESUS task force wrote the report. The report clearly indicated that Guinea-Bissau did not support the Alliance terrorists. The memo further indicated that Guinea-Bissau has a significant Christian population and was one of the few African nations, which supported the U.S. in the War on Terrorism. Finally, the memo concluded that any further investigative action in the region was unnecessary and a waste of manpower. One of the MPs made a copy of this report. 
After making a copy of the report, the same MP also printed a copy of the email. Then, the MP deleted the contents of the email from the General’s computer and sent the empty email to the JESUS task force. The MP printed a confirmation that the email had been sent and placed this on top of General White’s desk. While one MP was performing these tasks, the other MP continued to search the residence.
About this time, General White returned to the residence. He had been located by another MP while walking his dog in the park. Apparently, General White had taken the dog for a walk and forgotten to lock the doors. While walking the dog, General White had encountered a friend and spoken to the friend for some time. This explained General White’s long absence from the residence. The General’s family was away visiting relatives at the time of the incident.”
Amy looked up. That was it: the end of the statement. She didn’t know what she should say now. She didn’t want to say anything. She wanted to stand up and run away, as far and as fast as possible. But before she had a chance to run away, Jackson grabbed the microphone away from her.
“As agreed, Ms. Larson will now answer a few questions,” he stated calmly and handed the microphone back to Amy. Amy just stopped herself from glaring at him for prolonging her torture. It wasn’t his fault she was here. 
Senator Lewis leaned forward and smiled. “Why don’t we take a ten minute break before proceeding with questions?”
The reporters didn’t wait for Amy’s agreement to the break. They ran, en masse, out of the room and headed for the bank of telephones located in the corridor outside the room. A few brave souls attempted to approach Amy, but they were cut off by a group of security guards that suddenly emerged from the sidelines as the journalists began walking towards Amy.
Behind Amy, Jo, Charlie and Laura stood and walked cautiously to her. They wanted to encourage Amy but great job didn’t seem to be the most appropriate thing to say. So they stood – wordless – behind her. Jo, thankful to Amy for doing what should have been her task, put her hand on Amy’s shoulder and squeezed. Amy reached up and grabbed Jo’s hand in hers. Slowly, Amy turned around. Although she was still pale and trembling slightly, her breathing appeared to be under control.
“Guys,” was all she managed to say.
Charlie shook her head. “Let me talk for once,” she said. “I can’t tell you how grateful I – we – are to you . . . for doing this. I would never have been brave enough.”
“Brave,” snorted Amy. “I wasn’t brave. I nearly peed my pants in terror before we even started.”
“Yeah, but you didn’t.”
There didn’t seem to be anything further to say. None of them dared to go outside of the room during the short recess. Instead, they stood huddled behind Amy, not talking, but taking comfort in each other’s presence. After what seemed like an eternity, the committee members began to shuffle back into the room. The reporters, noticing the movement, hung up on their telephone conversation and ran into the room. They settled noisily into their seats.
Senator Lewis took time to give the reporters a threatening glance before speaking. “Ms. Larson,” he began. “We have just a few questions. To make things run smoothly, all the committee members have given me their questions and I will be heading up the questioning. Is that clear?” Amy nodded and he continued, “All right then, first question: how many military police were in General White’s residence on February 2nd, 2003?”
“Two.” An army of pencils scribbled the number two in their notebooks.
“I see. And who were these two military police?”
Amy looked at Jackson. She didn’t want to answer the question. All four of them felt equally responsible for what happened. It didn’t matter to them who was where when. But Jackson shook his head, indicating that she had to answer the question.
“Josephine Shelley and Laura Brown.” More scribbling and scratching in notebooks.
“Do you have a copy of the memo to which General White referred in his email?”
“Yes.” The Senator waited for her to continue, but Amy refused to give any further information. After an uncomfortable silence, the Senator finally asked, “Can we see a copy of the memo?”
Jackson leaned forward and spoke, “You should already have a copy in your paperwork.” The committee members began to shuffle through their papers. Sure enough, attached to the grant of immunity was a copy of the memo. No one had looked at it earlier as they had assumed it was an attachment to the immunity grant and not a separate piece of evidence. 
“Yes, I’ve found it.” Senator Lewis held up a large bundle of paper. “I see also an email. Is that the email which you referred to in your statement, Ms. Larson?”
Again, Jackson answered for Amy. “That’s correct.”
The questioning continued for a while. Amy had no idea for how long. It could have been five minutes or five hours: she had lost all track of time – until the final question came. Nonchalantly, as if this question were like all the others, Senator Lewis leaned forward and asked, “Why didn’t you come forward?”
Five little words but how was she supposed to answer them? It wasn’t as if they hadn’t thought about it. It wasn’t as if they hadn’t lost hours, days, and maybe months by now, of sleep over it. It wasn’t as if they hadn’t tortured themselves over their failure to come forward every single day for eight and a half continuous, seemingly endless years. But if Amy couldn’t answer the question to herself, then how was she supposed to answer it to Congress?

Chapter 37
The Incident
Sometime in the Past
“I am so sick and tired of working Saturday nights,” whined Laura.
Jo turned her eyes away from the road and smiled at Laura. “Come on,” she teased. “It isn’t as if you’ve got any place better to be.”
“And you do? It’s not like your gettin’ some.” 
They both laughed. It was true, of course. Neither one of them had anything better to do on a Saturday night. Jo, to the girls’ surprise and delight, had somehow managed to keep Billy from moving and joining her at the base. And Laura had quit drinking and preferred not to go anywhere she might be tempted to fall off the wagon.
“Well, at least we’re together,” Jo said when she finally stopped laughing. Jo and Laura were currently working the same shift and often volunteered to pair up together. They weren’t always allowed to work together, but most shift supervisors were more lenient on Saturday nights. They didn’t want to work either, so what was the matter with allowing a little more fun?
“Shelley, Brown: Where you guys at?” squeaked their radio.
Laura reached down and picked up the microphone. Looking briefly outside, she answered, “driving southbound on main, over.”
“I need you to go check out a possible B&E on Magnolia Drive, residence of General White.”
Laura said, “Copy,” into the microphone and sat it back in its cradle. “General White, who’s that?”
Jo shrugged. “He’s a General. That’s enough information for me.” 
Laura didn’t respond and they drove on in silence. Magnolia Drive was only a few blocks away but far enough for Jo to become nervous. Dealing with anyone above the rank of sergeant, still made Jo nervous though she tried not to let it show – too much.
“Here it is,” Laura said as she pointed at a large brick house. All the officers’ quarters had nameplates indicating which residence belonged to which officer. Magnolia Drive was full of houses with nameplates beginning with General. 
Jo pulled the car over and turned off the engine. She opened the door and grabbed her nightstick from the back seat as she got out of the car. She placed the nightstick in the ring on her belt and slammed the car door. On the opposite side of the car, Laura had performed the same maneuvers. 
As they walked toward the house, they noticed that all the lights on the ground floor were on. This didn’t seem too unusual. After all, burglars don’t usually bother to turn on all the lights. But when they reached the front door, they noticed something unusual. The screen door was closed but the wooden door behind it was ajar. Strange, considering that it was February and unusually cold for this time of year in Virginia.
“Shit,” muttered Laura as she pointed at the door.
“That doesn’t mean anything,” Jo said, trying to convince herself that there was no danger.
But Laura wasn’t taking any chances; she pushed the button on the side of the microphone of her hand-held radio and spoke, “Dispatch, we’ve got an open door here. Request permission to enter.”
No more than a few seconds later, the standard response came. “Proceed with caution.”
Laura snorted. “What do they expect us to do? Proceed un-cautiously?”
Jo wasn’t listening; she was knocking on the front door and yelling. “General White, Mrs. White, is anyone home?” When no one answered, Jo tried again. “Hello! Is anyone there?”
Laura wasn’t waiting. She pushed past Jo and went in the front door. “This is the military police,” she indicated as she proceeded. Jo, left standing on the front porch, decided she didn’t want to be left standing outside and followed Laura inside.
They continued to shout for a few minutes but the house appeared empty. “I’ll check upstairs,” Laura said and, before Jo could answer, began bounding up the stairs two at a time. Jo turned to watch and then reluctantly began to search the ground floor. She didn’t find anyone but she did discover the back door was unlocked. It wasn’t ajar like the front door had been, but it was definitely unlocked and didn’t appear to be forced open.
Jo was standing at the back door when Laura came back downstairs. “No one upstairs. Find anything?”
Jo nodded and pointed at the door. “Unlocked.” 
“That’s strange. Is anything missing?”
Jo shrugged. “Haven’t really looked.”
“Come on,” said Laura as she tugged Jo on her sleeve. “Let’s have a look and see if anything appears missing.” Laura went off in the direction of the dining room. Jo sighed and followed her. In the hallway, Jo stopped. To her right was an open door to what appeared to be a study. Might as well check there too, Jo thought.
Jo stepped into the study and immediately had to blink her eyes against the blaring light. Every lamp and light in the room was on. After her eyes adjusted to the brightness, Jo noticed that the room was indeed a study. There was a large oak desk in the middle of the room. On the desk was a computer with untidy piles of paperwork arranged in apparently no order. Curious, Jo walked over to the desk and noticed that the computer was on and Outlook was open. I hope he’s not online, she thought. Otherwise, that’s gonna be one expensive phone call. She looked further at the computer screen to see if there was a telephone symbol in the bottom right hand corner, the telltale sign of an internet connection.
She didn’t mean to see it. In fact, for the next several years, she would pray that she hadn’t looked, that she hadn’t noticed the half-written email on the screen. But, of course, she did see, her curiosity was too strong to deny. Her first thought was, who or what does JESUS have to do with the Army? As she continued to read the half-finished memo, it became obvious that something was wrong - very wrong.
“Laura!” Jo yelled in a voice so urgent that Laura came running. “Look at this,” Jo said to Laura as Laura rushed in to the room, breathing heavily and looking as if she had seen a ghost.
“What’s so god damn important?” Laura was just a little pissed off at Jo literally scaring the hell out of her.
Jo didn’t answer; she merely pointed at the computer screen. Laura sighed but she walked over to the desk and peered at the computer screen. “Oh God,” she mumbled when she finished reading the partial email. She immediately began digging through the desk. “We’ve got to find the report he’s talking about,” she said urgently.
Jo tried to stop her. “Laura,” she whispered urgently. “We’re in a General’s house. This stuff is probably confidential.”
Laura snorted. “We’ve got security clearances.” It was true. They did have security clearances, but that didn’t mean they could search a General’s desk willy nilly. 
Jo picked up the phone and began dialing. Laura grabbed the phone out of Jo’s hand and slammed it down. “What are you doing?” She practically screamed at Jo.
“Calling Amy. She’ll know what to do.”
Laura shook her head and pulled a cellular phone out of one of her cargo pockets. She handed the phone to Jo. “You’re not calling anyone on that phone. Use this one.” With that taken care of, Laura went back to digging through the paperwork. It was only a few more seconds before she yelled, “Ah ha!” while waving a staple of papers in Jo’s face.
Jo pushed the papers out of her face and spoke into the phone. “Amy, we’ve got a situation here.” Laura would have normally laughed at Jo’s vocabulary but even Laura realized this wasn’t a time to be making jokes or laughing. Jo began explaining the dilemma to Amy.
After Jo finished her quick explanation, Amy began asking questions. The first and foremost question was whether they had found the memo and what the memo was about. Jo grabbed the stack of papers from Laura and began reading the memo out loud to Amy. It didn’t take long before everyone was clear on what the gist of the memo was. Guinea-Bissau was no threat to the U.S. There were no terrorist cells hiding there. Laura allowed herself to wonder who cares for just a second before the truth of the situation finally hit her.
“Oh my God,” whispered Laura as she sunk down in the General’s chair. “That asshole, that stupid fuck….” The profanities would have continued, but Jo quieted her with a wave of her hand. Jo was listening intently to Amy. Amy obviously had already come up with a plan and was describing it to Jo. After a few minutes, Jo hung up the phone.
“Okay, this is what we’re gonna do.” Jo explained Laura’s plan. Laura couldn’t believe it. They were going to steal the memo and delete the email. Where had Jo got the courage from, all of a sudden? She didn’t take time to ponder. She began making copies of the memo and the unfinished email.
It was a close call. They had just closed the door to the study where they had made copies and deleted the email before sending a blank email when General White entered the house. Laura walked straight to the General as he entered the house, not a shred of guilt piercing her body.
“General,” she stated calmly. “Glad to see you’re okay, sir.” She began to spin a story about her concern for the General and his family The General nodded and listened. When she finished, he explained that he had taken the dog for a walk and the rest of his family was on vacation, visiting distant relatives of his wife.
After a few minutes of discussion, Jo and Laura were able to leave. There would be paperwork to be filled out, but otherwise, the incident would be forgotten. Except, of course, that it wouldn’t be.
*****
The rest of the twelve-hour shift dragged by, although there were only two hours of the shift left by the time they left the General’s house. Laura and Jo were silent, each lost in her own private thoughts. So they drove, directionless, around the base until shift change.
When their shift was over, they returned to headquarters to return their car and their weapons. After they were safely unarmed, they walked to Laura’s car and drove off base, headed to Maryland. They were meeting Charlie and Amy at a roadside restaurant somewhere in between Belvoir and Meade.
Charlie and Amy were already waiting for them when they arrived at the restaurant. Charlie looked up, relief written all over her face when Jo and Laura arrived. But Amy looked concerned; she knew this was merely the beginning. Without speaking, Jo handed Amy a copy of the incomplete email and the report. Amy took them and began to read without bothering to sit back down. Charlie reached over and pushed Amy down onto the booth seat. They didn’t need any extra attention attracted to their direction.
Amy took her time. When she had finished reading, she set the documents face down on the table and reached for her coffee cup. She didn’t speak for a few minutes, trying to register what she had read and sort her head out. Finally, as the girls were beginning to get antsy, she spoke.
“Well. Did you do what I asked?”
Jo nodded vigorously. “Yeah, we deleted the contents of the email and sent an empty email to the task force. But we printed the original email before we deleted it.” Jo spoke without taking a breath. Realizing, perhaps, that she wasn’t breathing, she took a large gulp of air before continuing. “Oh yeah, and we printed a confirmation of the sent email and placed it on the General’s desk.”
Amy nodded vaguely. She was still thinking. They wouldn’t have a chance to enter the General’s house again. Did they do everything that was necessary? Charlie, who up until now had been quiet, spoke up. “What’s the thinking here, Amy?”
Amy looked up at Charlie, startled, as if she had forgotten that she was in the restaurant with Charlie, Laura and Jo and not sitting by herself. Slowly, she pulled herself together and tried to explain her thoughts to the girls. “Well, I read in the newspaper that this task force JESUS was assembled to investigate where any terrorists were hiding out and what governments were supporting the terrorists. If I understand the memo correctly, the task force investigated Guinea-Bissau and decided that it was safe. In other words, there was no terrorist activity and the government was not supporting terrorists.”
Everyone nodded at her. This much they understood without Amy’s explanation. “But, this email by General White.” She tapped the email with her fingertip. “This email indicates that General White doesn’t want the world to know about the conclusion of the task force. Which means - I think - that they’re planning something in Guinea-Bissau and they want it to appear like Guinea-Bissau is the enemy.”
Amy stopped speaking and it was quiet. Everybody mulled over the implications of what Amy had said. Finally, Jo spoke up. “Okay, I just have one question.” Everyone looked at Jo. “Where the hell is Guinea-Bissau?” She smiled broadly as she said it and everyone laughed. The tension was momentarily broken. “But, seriously,” she said when the laughter calmed down, “I don’t know where it is.”
Laura nodded. “Me neither.”
Amy looked at Charlie to indicate that Charlie should answer. “It’s a country in Western Africa.”
Jo and Laura nodded. “Gosh,” Jo said. “Those poor people. Do you really think they’re planning on doing something there, like a military invasion or something?”
“I can’t think of any other reason why General White would want that report destroyed. Can you?” Amy was mentally exhausted. She had been racking her brain, trying to come up with a reason why White would not want the world to know that Guinea-Bissau was a safe country. Was there an explanation besides a plan to invade or bomb or carry out some other military action?
Charlie spoke up. “I hate to say it, but I agree with Amy. What other reason would there be to destroy the report unless they’re planning an invasion of the country? Who knows,” she shrugged her shoulders, “maybe they need to control Guinea-Bissau in order to get to another Africa country. The CIA’s done weirder things in the past.”
Everyone listened and nodded. There was one more question, though; a question that remained unspoken, but was on the minds of all present. Finally, someone voiced the question. “But,” Laura said, “the real question is: what are we gonna do about it?”
They fell silent again. It was the big question, the million dollar question, as the saying goes. Should they go public with this information? They really didn’t know anything, besides the fact that General White didn’t want the world to know that Guinea-Bissau was a safe, U.S.-backing, country. Besides, if they went public, they would have to admit to what they’d done: stealing a top-secret report, deleting a confidential email, sending a fake email to a task force. All acts for which they could go to Leavenworth. 
“I think we’ve done everything we can. You destroyed the email so, hopefully, that report won’t be destroyed. I don’t think there’s anything else we can do,” said Amy after a few minutes had elapsed. 
Jo wasn’t convinced. “Shouldn’t we tell somebody?”
“Who?” Three voices asked simultaneously.
“I don’t know. Can’t we go to the press?”
Laura snorted. “I’m not going to the press. They can’t be trusted.” 
“Okay, then can’t we go to our superiors?”
“We’re talking about a General here, not some ordinary citizen or something. Besides, I read in the paper that General White is working directly under President Windam. He reports only to the President.”
Jo was quiet, trying to think of someone else they could tell. Someone who could be trusted, but there was no one else and she knew it. She wasn’t giving up that easy, though. “But what if innocent people die because we didn’t come forward?” She was near tears already imagining the carnage of thousands of innocent people dying.
Amy reached over and grabbed Jo’s hand. “Jo, that’s why you deleted the email. If no one destroys that report, it’s bound to come out sooner or later that Guinea-Bissau is a safe country.” 
Jo sniffled, trying to keep the tears at bay. She looked at everyone sitting around the table, trying to read their facial expressions. “So, you all think we’ve done everything we could?”
Everyone nodded. “Anything more and we’re just asking for jail time,” Laura chimed in.
“I wouldn’t put it like that, but,” added Charlie, “I think we’ve done everything we could do without risking our own careers, and perhaps, jail time.”
Jo looked at Amy. Although Laura and Charlie’s opinions were important, it was Amy’s opinion to which Jo would listen. Amy seemed to understand this. “Jo,” she said while looking her straight in the eyes, “you’ve done everything you possibly could. No one could expect more of you. We don’t have a choice; he’s a General with the President’s ear. We can’t do anything more.”
Jo nodded and smiled weakly at Amy. “Okay, the buck stops here.”
The other girls smiled weakly and nodded at Jo’s attempt at humor. They left the restaurant soon after. Jo and Laura drove south toward Virginia and Amy and Charlie drove east. No one knew that eight and a half years would pass before all four friends were in the same room together again.

Chapter 38
Surprise Witness Saves the Day
Present Day
There has been an unlikely turn of events today in the ongoing Congressional hearings to investigate the bombing of Guinea-Bissau during Operation Free Africa, now nicknamed White-gate. A surprise witness, now confirmed as Amy Larson, testified before the Joint Committee this morning. There had been rumors of a surprise witness appearing today, but before today, Senator Lewis had refused to comment on the validity of said rumor.
Although it was an open session, the seats were mostly filled with television reporters and journalists. Ms. Larson’s testimony was shocking to all who attended the morning hearings. Ms. Larson, accompanied by her attorney Jackson Thornton, first read a prepared statement and then answered a few questions. 
Ms. Larson testified for herself and on behalf of three other women. The three women were identified as Charlotte Meeks, Josephine Shelley and Laura Brown. In return for their sworn affidavit that Ms. Larson’s testimony was true to the best of their knowledge, the federal prosecutor agreed that only one of the four women was required to testify. All the women, however, were required to be present during the proceedings. As Ms. Larson read the prepared statement, the other three women sat directly behind her.
Ms. Larson testified that she, as were the other three women, was a Military Policewomen in the U.S. Army during Operation Free Africa. Prior to the bombing of Guinea-Bissau in 2003, a memo was recovered during a routine military police sweep. This memo – as has been rumored since the investigation of the bombings began – indicated that Guinea-Bissau was not supporting any terrorist activity. The memo was written by a joint task force of the FBI, CIA and Homeland Security. In addition to finding the memo, an email was discovered. The email – written by General White – ordered all personnel who had copies of the memo to destroy it.
Acting without proper authority and perhaps risking their careers, the military policewomen – it’s not clear which of the women was responsible for what activity – destroyed the email but not before copying it. After destroying the half-written email, an empty email was sent to all task force members in its place. Additionally, the original memo – which clearly indicated that Guinea-Bissau was not harboring or supporting terrorists – was copied. Copies of the memo and emails were presented to the Congressional Committee.
This newspaper has also received a copy of the memo and emails. The memo clearly indicates that Guinea-Bissau was not supporting terrorists. In fact, the memo suggests that Guinea-Bissau could be a valuable ally to the U.S. in its war against terrorism. The entire memo is available on our website. 
In addition to the memo, the emails were made available to the members of the press. The first email – written by General White – firmly orders the members of the task force to destroy the memo concerning Guinea-Bissau. The second email is merely a blank email, which was sent to all of the members of the task force in place of the earlier email.
At this time it is not clear what General White’s motives were in ordering the memo destroyed. Furthermore, it is unclear whether General White was working on his own initiative or if he was ordered to have the memo destroyed. Unfortunately, we may never know the full story. General White has been refused immunity to prosecution and is, therefore, claiming that he will invoke his 5th amendment rights when called to testify.
In a poll conducted by this newspaper, 90% of the respondents agreed that General White should be prosecuted whether or not he was acting upon his own initiative. One respondent stated that, “Innocent people were killed because of what he did. He should be punished. It’s as simple as that.”
This newspaper also conducted a poll concerning the culpability of the four military police women. An overwhelming 95% of the respondents stated that the women should receive a medal for their actions and not be punished. “What they did was very brave and they should be commended for it,” stated one woman. 
None of the four women were available for comment. Their attorney Jackson Thornton, however, indicated that the women were very thankful for the public support. “They are,” he said, “as can be expected, still trying to recover from the events of the past several weeks. But they thank everyone who has expressed their support.”

Chapter 39
Farewell to the Military
Sometime in the Past
Amy left the Army without any fanfare; there was no big party, no celebration of any kind. Her commander – and the U.S. Army of course – awarded her a medal of commendation, but there was no awards ceremony. The commander simply handed Amy the medal and accompanying certificate in his office.
There would have been fanfare – or at least a party – if Amy had allowed it. But Amy didn’t want any party, dinners or farewells. She just wanted out. She wanted to get as far away as possible as quickly as possible. The faster she was gone, the faster she could start to forget. And she had a lot of forgetting to do.
Charlie somehow managed to convince Amy to go out for a nice dinner before she left. When Amy walked into the restaurant, she half expected Jo and Laura to be there. But when they weren’t, Amy made no comment. She hadn’t really expected them anyway, she told herself. Instead, she sat down in a chair opposite Charlie and smiled vaguely.
“Thanks Charlie,” she said as she sat down, “for inviting me to dinner and all, but you didn’t have to.”
“Of course, I did. You’re my best friend.”
Amy didn’t respond. She knew she should say it back and tell Charlie that she was Amy’s best friend, but the words wouldn’t come out. She was already mentally cutting all her ties with the military – including her friendships with Charlie, Laura and Jo. Luckily, while Amy tried to figure out something to say, the waitress walked over and handed them their menus. Amy quickly buried her head in the menu as if she were starving.
Charlie pretended not to be hurt. She knew Amy was running away, that she couldn’t take the guilt anymore. But Charlie didn’t think that had to necessarily affect their friendship, but when she looked across the table at Amy, she realized it not only had already affected their friendship, it had destroyed it. 
They had finished their meal and were having coffee when Charlie decided to tell Amy. “I’ve been accepted for OCS,” she announced without preamble.
Amy looked up – shocked. “Officer Candidate School? But I thought you wanted to get out of the Army and carry on with your life.” Amy assumed that’s what they all wanted. And then, as an afterthought, “I didn’t even know you had applied.”
Charlie waved her hands vaguely around, dismissing Amy’s comments. “No, you don’t understand. I applied ages ago.” Charlie was tempted to say that she had applied before all the stuff with General White happened, but she didn’t need to. Amy knew what she meant. “I didn’t tell you because I didn’t know if I would make it. It wouldn’t be as hard to take – not making it – if no one else knew about it.”
Amy was stunned; she didn’t know what to say. What she wanted to know, of course, was if Charlie would go through with it now. But she didn’t have to ask; Charlie knew what she was thinking and answered her unspoken question. “I don’t know if I’m going to go through with it now. It’s tough. I’ve wanted it for so long, but now I’m not sure if I want to stay in. I don’t have anything to do if I get out.” Charlie looked down at the tablecloth – conflicted.
Amy reached across the table and grabbed her hand. “I’m sure you’ll make the right decision.” It was the only thing Amy could say without sounding condescending to Charlie. She wanted to tell Charlie to get out, to run, but it was Charlie’s decision after all.
Amy left the military that week. She tried contacting Laura and Jo to say goodbye, but it was impossible to find Laura and Billy wouldn’t let Jo come to the phone. Charlie helped her pack and waved her off. 
Charlie watched her drive off and felt very alone. Not only lonely, but very much alone, as if there was no one in the world that could help her now. She turned and walked back to her room in the barracks. She still hadn’t decided whether she was going to go to OCS, but she needed to make a decision soon. The commanding officer had already called twice about getting her new contract signed. Charlie sighed and tried not to think about it.
In the end, the decision of whether or not to attend OCS was made for Charlie. Charlie was standing guard at the gate to Fort Meade when it happened. She hardly ever stood guard any more. That was something newbies – privates straight out of Basic Training – did, not potential officer candidates. But between the field exercises and tightened security due to terrorism threats, there weren’t enough soldiers to go around. So guard duty it was. At least she could sleep in her own bed tonight unlike those poor souls who ended up on exercise.
Charlie sighed and stood at attention as she saw a car with a starred flag denoting a general coming towards the gate. She gasped when she realized it was General White’s car. She quickly recovered and saluted the general as he drove past. But he didn’t drive past; he stopped and rolled down the window.
“Good evening solider.”
“Good evening, sir,” Charlie – trying to sound normal – replied. Charlie had heard about this habit of his, personally greeting working soldiers especially at night, on weekends or during the holidays.
“Any problems?”
“No sir.”
The general nodded and began to drive away, but then he stopped and looked back at Charlie. He looked curiously at her. “You look familiar, Specialist Meeks. Have we met before?”
Charlie’s knees began to wobble and she could barely continue standing straight, but she managed to smile at the general and respond in a somewhat strong voice. “No sir, I don’t believe we’ve ever met.”
He nodded – not completely sure of the matter – and drove on. Once he was safely out of her vision, Charlie released the breath she had been holding and sank onto the chair at the guard post. She sat, head in her hands, trying to recover. He couldn’t know who she was. She hadn’t even been there that night. Was this what it would be like? Every time a general thought he recognized her, Charlie would have a panic attack. Could she live like this? Better yet, did she want to?
After her shift was over, Charlie walked to the Company headquarters. It was early but the Company Commander was already at his desk. Without giving herself a chance to chicken out, Charlie walked straight into the office and told the Commander she wasn’t going to OCS. Where was she going? She had decided to get her career back on track and go back to teaching. The Commander thanked her for telling him personally, said he understood what a tough choice it had been and shook Charlie’s hand as she left his office.
*****
Unlike Charlie, Laura wasn’t given the choice of whether to stay in the Army. While preparing to start a new work day, she was told by her platoon sergeant that the Company Commander wanted to see her. Laura panicked. The Army had found out that she destroyed top secret documents. She was going to be court marshaled and sent to Leavenworth for the rest of her life. She could barely breathe; terror had her in its grip.
Slowly, trying to catch her breath and calm her terrified heart, Laura walked to the Commander’s office. “Sir,” she said, standing at attention in front of his desk. “You wanted to see me, sir.”
“Sit down Brown, we need to talk.” The Commander rose from his desk and went to the door. After shutting it, he returned to his chair behind the desk and sat down. 
Laura waited. Her mouth was dry but her hands were sweating profusely. What does he know?
The Commander cleared his throat and began. “There have been some reports of you showing up to work smelling like alcohol.”
Relief coursed through Laura’s body. It had nothing to do with General White and the civilian’s lives which were lost. It was merely her drinking. That’s not important; she could always handle her drinking. In her euphoria, Laura had tuned out the Commander, but suddenly she caught the words ‘treatment center’. What the fuck?
“I’m sorry.” Laura tried to cover her failure to listen. “I’m afraid I don’t understand, sir.” 
“It’s simple. Either you sign yourself up for treatment as an alcoholic or we’re going to discharge you.” The Commander looked straight into her eyes. “It’s your choice.” 
After finishing the conversation, Laura left the office in a daze. The Army didn’t know about the top secret documents but she was being kicked out anyway. It wasn’t fair! She wasn’t an alcoholic! She didn’t need to get treatment. Who did they think they were – telling her to get treatment? Well, by God, she wouldn’t. She would rather be kicked out of the Army than get treatment for something she didn’t have.
It didn’t take long to arrange the paperwork. Once the U.S. Army decides to be rid of someone, paperwork is no obstacle. Red tape no longer exists. Within a month of her conversation with the Company Commander, Laura was a free woman.
*****
A year after Operation Free Africa, Jo was the only one of the four women left in the Army. But she too didn’t stay long. Billy had been fired from his last job and hadn’t been able to find another one. He was getting restless and a restless Billy was trouble for Jo. Summer was coming and Jo wasn’t able to hide the bruising anymore. People started to notice. Some were even bold enough to comment and offer help. 
When Billy said he wanted to leave Virginia and go back home, Jo decided to go with him. She would ask for a compassionate discharge. The Company Commander was very understanding. He didn’t ask too many questions. He didn’t need to; he had heard the rumors. One thing he had learned as Company Commander of a military police company was that you can’t force a battered spouse to get help. So, the Commander granted the compassionate discharge. He didn’t know if he was helping or hurting. Sadly, he realized that he was, at the very least, ridding himself of a problem and not solving it. 

Chapter 40
Aftershock
The Present
“Why didn’t we come forward?” Laura muttered. “Those bastards! They have no idea!”
Amy’s testimony was finally finished and Charlie, Laura and Jo were accompanying Amy out of the building. Their lawyer had stayed behind to answer questions from the press. The women hadn’t bothered to stay. They had said all they wanted to say, or at least, all that they were willing to say.
“Shhh,” whispered Charlie. “There are reporters everywhere. Don’t say anything until we’re out of here.”
Laura looked at her, almost as if she were disgusted and then nodded in agreement. They walked the remainder of the corridor to the exit of the building in silence. A few reporters tried to bother them with questions, but were quickly silenced by the women’s refusal to answer and Laura’s death stare. 
Finally, they reached the exit of the building and walked to Amy’s rental car. Still in silence, they got in the car and drove away. When they pulled up to the hotel, there still hadn’t been a word spoken. Amy parked the car in the underground parking and turned off the engine. 
No one made a move to get out of the car. Instead they sat in stunned silence. After a few minutes, tears began to well up in Amy’s eyes and she began to cry. When Jo saw that Amy was crying, she too burst into tears. Charlie joined them but Laura remained frozen, as if a statue. She didn’t want to cry. She wanted to be relieved that it was over.
“Why didn’t we come forward?” Amy repeated. It wasn’t clear if she was asking anyone for an answer or just repeating the last question the senator had asked. But then she looked at Charlie and there was clearly doubt written all over her face.
Charlie shrugged; she didn’t have an answer either. It would be cruel to say that it had been Amy’s decision. It hadn’t strictly been her decision; they had made the decision together. Just like they made the decision to come forward as a group. It couldn’t be denied that Amy was the leader of the pack, the one who had originally suggested that they couldn’t come forward, that it would be impossible to come forward.
Before the bombings, everyone had just tried to forget the incident. They had done something wrong, criminal even, but it was for a good cause. It was easy to justify. Clearly, they had made the right decision. They were unsung heroes even, saving the lives of innocent people by destroying the email. They didn’t talk about it much, but all the girls agreed that the right decision had been made and there shouldn’t be any regrets.
But afterwards, everything changed. They had risked their careers, their freedom, for nothing. General White had still managed to get the memo destroyed and order the bombing of innocent people. It was all their fault. If they had come forward, this wouldn’t have happened. Those innocent people in Guinea-Bissau would never have been killed had it not been for them. They should have come forward.
By then, it didn’t make any sense to come forward after the bombing. The damage had already been done. The innocent people that had died couldn’t be brought back. What good would their coming forward do? General White had retired and fled Washington, D.C. in shame. There was no one else to blame.
These thoughts flew through their minds as they sat in the rented car in the underground parking garage of their hotel. No one spoke for a long time. Finally, to everyone’s astonishment, it was Jo who broke the silence. “We did the right thing, at the right time with the information we had.”
Everyone looked at Jo, shocked. Of course, it was what they wanted to hear, what they wanted to believe, but was it true? Laura responded. “But how can we be sure?”
“Because,” Amy said visibly straightening her shoulders, “it’s time to move on with our lives. The only way we’re going to be able to do that is to believe it. Believe that we did the best we could.”
It turned quiet again. After sitting in silence for a while, Charlie started to get antsy to be moving. She looked at her watch. She had a plane to catch in a few hours, as did Jo and Amy. “Come on guys,” she said. “Let’s get going.”
They all shook themselves, as if they were awaking from a long sleep. Then they got out of the car and walked to the elevator. Once they reached the suite, everyone went immediately to pack their bags and get ready to leave. They sat down in the living room when they were ready.
There was a knock on the door. Everyone looked around, surprised. They hadn’t ordered room service. Amy got up to answer the door; it was one of the bellboys. He handed Amy a newspaper while saying, “I thought you might want to see this.”
Amy nodded as she shut the door and walked back to the living area. She immediately began to read the front page of the newspaper. She breathed a sigh of relief as she laid the newspaper on the coffee table.
“Well,” she said, “apparently, we’re heroes.”
They all looked at her as if she were crazy. “What!” They cried simultaneously. Charlie reached out and grabbed the newspaper to read for herself. “It’s true,” she said after quickly skimming the column. “They think we should be commended.”
It was too much to take in: the hearings, deciding to come forward, the testimony and now this. They were all shocked. No one had expected that they would be viewed as heroes. They considered their actions as borderline treason. After all, who were they to decide to destroy the General’s memo and try to change the course of world events?
“That’s nice. Someone else thinks we made the right decision,” Laura said breaking the silence.
Everyone nodded although they weren’t sure it mattered what anyone else thought. It was important what they, themselves, thought. Laura looked around and noticed the confusion and wonder on their faces.
“Look,” she said. “It’s done. It is completely fucking over. There is nothing more we can do. We’ve told our story, to the entire world at that. General White will be punished. We need to move on. We need to get over this.”
Charlie looked up at Laura. “How are you going to move on Laura? What are you going to do? You’re not going to go back to that awful place are you?”
Laura shook her head. She had already made a decision about her future while Amy was testifying. She was going to go to rehab again, but this time she was going to make it stick. And that’s what she told Charlie.
“But,” Charlie responded, “I thought there were long waiting lists to get in. Won’t you have to wait months, maybe years?”
Laura shrugged. It was true, there were long waiting lists, but this was important. She needed to do it. She needed to get better. She needed to move on, she had been stuck in the same bad place for entirely too long.
“Well,” Amy began, “maybe I could help you get into a private clinic.”
Charlie shook her head. “No,” she insisted. “You’ve done too much for us. Getting us to D.C., paying for this suite, testifying when we were too scared. This time, I’m going to help. Bill’s got connections. I can help. If you don’t mind going to a clinic in the South, that is.”
Everyone giggled and the tension slowly began to drain from the room. In an uncharacteristic move for Laura, she stood and walked to Charlie to give her a hug. “I guess I’ll have to get used to this touchy-feely crap in my new posh rehab,” she joked.
Laura and Charlie sat down beside each other with their arms draped over one another. “Now,” said Laura. “What about you, Jo? Are you gonna go back to that ape husband of yours?”
Jo wouldn’t promise to leave Billy. It was more complicated than that, she told them. But, she agreed, she needed to make some changes in her life and she would too. She just needed some time to digest everything. She wanted to make rational decisions and right now, she wasn’t feeling too rational.
No one said anything about Charlie’s husband. They thought Charlie’s relationship with Bill was horrible, but it wasn’t like Bill was beating her up. Although it did seem clear that he was mentally abusive. No, Charlie needed to be able to see that for herself. Maybe later, when things settled down, they would slowly start to hint to Charlie. For now, they left her alone.
Amy’s life was also left unscathed. It was true that Amy buried herself in her work, but compared to being a drug addict, a workaholic appeared relatively safe. Besides, Amy was the one who had testified before the Joint Committee. Everyone felt too guilty about letting her testify to criticize her.
After several hours of talking, Amy looked at her watch and realized that they would need to rush to make their planes. “Come on,” she said as she stood up. “We’ve got to hurry if we’re going to make our flights.”
Everyone stood and grabbed bags. Laura was going with them. Charlie had booked her a seat on her plane so that Laura wouldn’t get a chance to change her mind about going to rehab.
As they left the suite, Jo held back. “Wait,” she said. Everyone turned and looked at her. “Promise me one thing. Promise me we’ll stay friends, we’ll stay in touch. Let’s not drift apart again.”

Chapter 41
Amy’s Return
The Present
Amy knew that the girls were just being nice to her, not saying anything to her face about her need to change her life. But as she sat on the plane from Washington, D.C. to Chicago, she knew that she needed to make a change. She hadn’t become a lawyer to make lots of money, yet here she was a corporate lawyer – a partner even – making tons of money and feeling unfulfilled. She needed to return to the reason why she had studied law in the first place.
At the office the next morning, she ignored her mail and phone messages and went straight to the managing partner’s office. He was surprised to see her; no one had known that she was coming back to work so soon. But he was even more surprised by what she had to say. Amy told him that she didn’t want to work the hours anymore. She wanted to go part-time and do some volunteer work.
It wouldn’t be easy. All partners were required to make a large amount of billable hours per year and there was no set-up for part-time partners. But Amy didn’t care about the administrative problems and the possible damage to her career anymore. She knew that if she continued to work the hours with the intensity that she was currently doing, she would end up a lonely old woman with nothing, but money to comfort her.
Looking at her current situation, for example, she was very successful, that much was true. But she didn’t have anyone with whom to share the success. She didn’t have any real friends, besides the occasional friendly colleague. She spent next to no time with her family. She didn’t even know how old her nieces and nephews were, let alone the last time she had seen them. This was no way to live her life.
Presented with Amy’s overpowering desire and motivation to move on, the managing partner was left without recourse. He agreed to let her work part-time. It would be discussed at the next partner meeting, but that was only a formality. 
Amy was now free to do whatever she wanted on Thursday and Friday each week. She wasn’t quite sure what to do but, after a little soul searching, she knew where she needed to start. So, the following Thursday found Amy driving her 4x4 out of Chicago, opposite to the direction of traffic. It took her two hours to get there, but Amy wasn’t rushed.
She pulled up to the house and turned off her engine. For a few moments, she sat there, gathering courage. They had already spied her from the kitchen window and came walking outside, heading towards the car. Amy took a deep breath and left the safety of her vehicle.
“Hi Mom, Dad,” she said. They looked surprised. She couldn’t tell if they were happy to see her or not, but then the surprise passed and big smiles flashed across their faces. Her mom opened her arms and Amy went to her. For a while, nothing was said. Then Amy’s dad cleared his throat and declared that the neighbors would begin to talk. They all laughed and walked to the kitchen.
They gathered around the kitchen table, as the grown-ups had always done in Amy’s family. Amy’s mother made coffee and put cakes and breads out on the table. Amy laughed at all the food. “It’s almost as if you were expecting me,” she joked.
“Been expecting you for about a week now,” answered her father.
Amy looked at him, shocked. She hadn’t called to tell them she was coming, how did they know? Her father clearly saw the shock in her face. “Don’t look so surprised,” he said. “Just because we’re uneducated don’t mean we’re stupid. We knew you’d be coming around here soon after those congressional hearings.”
Amy stared at her cup of coffee. “So, you’ve heard,” was all she managed to say.
“Of course, we saw the whole thing on CNN. Couldn’t have been prouder, “replied her father.
Amy looked up, first at her father, then at her mother. It was true, they were proud of her. You could see it in their faces, beaming at her from across the room. Amy didn’t know what to say. “Proud?” was her inadequate response.
“Course. Took a lot of courage to get up there and say all you did. In front of all those congressmen and TV cameras. We had the whole neighborhood in here watching.” 
Amy smiled. “Bet Mom was baking for a week.”
In response, her mother handed her a plate loaded with cake and bread. For once, Amy took it without complaining about calories and unhealthy butter and lard. She dug into a huge piece of coffeecake and it tasted delicious.
Amy stayed at her parents for a few days. She had the time now that she was only working three days a week. Her parents weren’t much for talking and figuring things out, but it was clear they forgave her for being away for so long and for not writing or phoning often. All was nearly forgotten. When she left, she promised to call often. And she did, Amy called her Mom every Sunday afternoon thereafter, no matter where she was.
Settling things with her parents wasn’t the only matter Amy needed to work on. A long time ago, she had wanted to become a lawyer to help people. Somewhere along the way, she had forgotten that and had become a hard-nosed corporate lawyer. Now, it was time for a change. Amy pulled out the yellow pages and looked up farmer’s associations.
She picked out one association, close to the Chicago metropolitan area. When she called and explained who she was, the receptionist was confused about how to handle her request. Amy was passed around from person to person until everyone in the association knew who she was. Finally, she was able to make an appointment with one of the directors. He wasn’t quite sure what she wanted, but he was willing to speak to her. 
The day of the appointment arrived and Amy found herself nervous. After all, what did she know about the problems of farmers? Even if she had grown up in a farming community.
Amy arrived at the headquarters of the farmer’s association and gave her name to the receptionist. She barely had time to sit down before someone came out to meet her. She was shocked by his appearance. She was expecting to see someone in worn jeans and a button-down cotton shirt. Instead, the man who now greeted her was dressed in a navy-blue suit complete with tie and wing tip shoes.
He must have noticed Amy staring at his clothes because instead of introducing himself, he apologized. “Sorry,” he said. “I don’t usually dress this way, but I had an appointment with a bank.”
Amy blushed, embarrassed at being caught staring at the man’s clothes. She held out her hand and said, “Hi, I’m Amy Larson, we spoke on the phone.”
He reached out and shook her hand. “Nice to meet you. I’m Terry Severs. Follow me; we’ll talk in my office.”
Amy walked behind Terry as he led the way to his office. Unashamedly, Amy now stared at Terry’s appearance. He was definitely a good-looking man. At 5’10” he was neither overly tall nor too short. His hair was dark brown and contrasted strongly with his light blue eyes. He was muscularly built, probably leftover from his years working as a farmer.
When they reached the office, Terry showed her to a seat. “Now,” he said taking a seat opposite to her, “What can I do for you?”
Amy began her story, the abridged version of why she wanted to volunteer for the farmer’s association. Terry listened, slightly amused. When Amy saw the smile on his face, she stopped. “What’s so funny?”
“Well,” he replied. “There seems to be a lot of confusion of who you are and why you’re here. The receptionist – who also happens to be my older sister and very protective – was sure that you were some woman just making up a story so you could meet me.”
Amy was confused. “Why would I do that?”
Terry laughed. “You don’t come from around here do you?” When Amy shook her head, he continued. “The Severs own all the land you see outside. We’re not wealthy, but we’ve got a lotta land. My sister thinks that every woman this side of the Mississippi is trying to bewitch me into marrying them.”
Amy, no longer confused, laughed with Terry. Then, boldly she said “If I promise not to bewitch you, will you hire me – without pay, of course?”
Terry stood. “We could use all the help we can get. Especially from a big city lawyer who knows how to talk to banks and Congressmen.” He reached out and they shook hands.

Chapter 42
Charlie’s Return 
The Present
When Charlie entered the airport terminal from the jet way, she was surprised to see Bill standing there, waiting for her. He knew which flight she was on, of course. She had called him before she departed D.C. She could hardly arrive at home with an unannounced guest. But Bill hadn’t said anything about meeting them; he’d never met her plane before. He’d arranged taxis, sure, but nothing personal – ever. Not even when their romance was first blossoming.
Charlotte walked over to Bill and smiled up to him. “Hi Bill,” Charlotte said trying to sound nonchalant. “I didn’t expect to see you here.” When Bill didn’t immediately respond, Charlotte continued. “This is Laura.” She turned to Laura and smiled encouragingly at her. “Laura, this is my husband Bill.”
Bill held his hand out to Laura. “Nice to meet you.”
Laura shook his hand and smiled. “You too, finally. I’ve heard so many things about you.”
Bill’s smile froze on his face. “I can’t say the same, unfortunately.” 
An awkward silence ensued. While Laura tried to think of something to say, Charlotte went for avoidance. “Shall we get our bags then?” She asked and began to walk to the baggage claim without waiting to ensure that anyone was following her. While bags were claimed, the car located and everyone safely installed in the car, the silence continued. Laura made half-hearted efforts at small talk, but she had never been good at chit-chat and it was an awkward and nerve wracking situation. Poor Laura was terrified of starting rehab in some posh Southern clinic. Bill, well Bill didn’t quite know what to say. As for Charlotte, she couldn’t make up her mind whether she should apologize to Bill for lying to him all these years or ignore the topic all together. Thus, the three drove the two and a half-hour journey in almost complete silence, each lost in their own thoughts.  
When they arrived at home, there was no chance for quiet. The twins ran out of the house screaming, “Momma, momma, we missed you,” at the top of their lungs. From then on, the twins performed a non-stop dialogue until they were safely settled in their beds several hours later, which left little chance for conversation between Bill, Charlotte and Laura.
Once the twins were finally asleep, Charlotte brewed a pot of coffee and they discussed the arrangements for Laura. There was no time to wait. With Bill’s connections, he had managed to get Laura a place at a rehab clinic not more than an hour’s drive from Charlotte’s house but the placement would have to occur the very next day.
They discussed details until Laura said that she had heard enough and took herself off to bed. Charlotte and Bill were left alone for the first time since Bill had watched the shocking Congressional hearings. Charlotte decided she needed to tackle the situation head on. If she didn’t do it now, it wouldn’t ever happen and too many things would be left unsaid – things that needed to be said.
“So,” began Charlotte putting down her coffee cup and looking directly into Bill’s eyes. “I assume you saw the hearings.”
Bill nodded. “Yes, I did.” 
He didn’t say anything further, so Charlotte was forced to prompt him along. “And, what are you thinking?”
Thus, began a conversation that was to last all night. Nothing of importance was left unsaid. First, Charlotte told him everything. She explained her desire to join the Army – to do something for herself for once that wasn’t dictated by her family or society. Then, she explained the friendship that had once meant everything to her. Finally, she told Bill – in painful detail – about the experience with General White and how it had eventually made her quit the military and give up her desire to become an officer.
Bill was considerate. He let Charlotte talk without interrupting her. He asked questions every once in a while when Charlotte got too excited and began to leave important parts out of her story. But otherwise, he was quiet. He listened to Charlotte. Charlotte felt as if it was the first time that he had ever really listened to her, really heard her for a change. It began to give her courage. Courage that they could change, that they could save the marriage. But more importantly, it gave her hope – hope that the marriage was worth saving. She hadn’t been sure her marriage was worth saving, but sitting there telling Bill her story and seeing him listen and watch her so carefully, Charlotte began to remember why she had fallen in love with him in the first place.
Finally, there was nothing more to tell. He knew everything about her past, or at least the highlights that could be told in one short night of explaining a lifetime. Charlotte stopped talking and waited. What would Bill think? They had never discussed the military before. Charlotte had no idea how Bill even felt about women in the military. It didn’t seem to fit with Bill’s perception of a woman’s position in society.
After what seemed like a lifetime, Bill spoke. “It makes me sad to think that you had all this pain and you never shared it with me.”
Charlotte was flabbergasted and didn’t know how to respond. She had already apologized over and over. What more could she say? “I’m sorry. I didn’t think you’d understand.” 
Bill sighed and reached for Charlotte’s hand. “Charlotte, dear, I can’t begin to understand what you’ve gone through. It’s horrible. But I could have offered you my sympathy and support, but you never gave me the chance.”
Charlotte began to cry. Bill reached over and pulled her to him. He held her close as she gently cried. 
That’s how Laura found them in the morning when she went searching for them. She had knocked gently on the door but they hadn’t heard her. Assuming they were asleep, Laura had opened the door to find the two holding each other closely on the sofa. Laura cleared her throat and spoke. “I’m sorry to interrupt, but I wanted to let you to know the twins are taken care of. I got them dressed, fed and they’re on the bus for school now.”
Laura quickly shut the door before they could respond. It seemed a sin to disturb such a tender scene, but Laura’s interruption had reminded the couple that another day had dawned and it needed to be faced. Bill was expected at work and Laura needed to be driven to the rehab center. Reluctantly, they drew apart and stood.

Chapter 43
Jo’s Hell coming
The Present
Jo felt, more than saw the arm coming down on her shoulder. She turned slightly clockwise and quickly raised her arm and shoulder, causing her upper arm to block the attack. Billy yelped in surprise and fell to the ground. What a wimp was all Jo could think in reply.
Her bags were packed and sat ready for the taxi in the hallway next to the front door. Billy had tripped over the bags when he arrived home, only slightly intoxicated from work. He immediately flew into a rage. This isn’t what Jo intended. She had planned to be gone by the time he got home, but arranging things for her move into the shelter had taken longer than she thought.
A taxi turned into their driveway and honked. Jo turned and looked at Billy. He was struggling to get up from the floor. “You fucking bitch! After all I’ve done for you,” he muttered as he finally managed to stand. He started walking toward Jo with pure rage in his eyes. Jo recognized the look, but it didn’t scare her anymore. It just pissed her off. 
“Raise one filthy arm and I’ll make you wish you were never born, you stupid son of a bitch!” Billy momentarily stumbled, giving Jo her chance. She grabbed her suitcases and ran out the front door into the taxi. She was safely settled in the taxi before Billy opened the front door. He held a baseball bat in his hands and was running at full speed.
“Better get moving,” Jo told the taxi driver. The taxi driver didn’t need any more incentive; he had already thrown the car into reverse and was backing out of the driveway at a dangerously high speed. The taxi flew over the curb and the driver quickly shifted into first gear and floored his foot on the gas pedal. Jo’s home was out of sight within seconds.
Jo sighed, closed her eyes and leaned her head back against the seat. Her heart was racing. She breathed deeply for a few minutes, trying to get control. Thank God, she had finally done it. She’d left the bastard. She knew the next few months wouldn’t be easy, but compared to the last few years, it couldn’t be any worse. The last few months since she’d come home from D.C. had been especially bad.
When she arrived home from the airport, Billy had been waiting for her. She’d walked into the house to find him sitting in the dark on the living room sofa. “So,” he slurred, “you’re back.”
Jo immediately knew that he was drunk. She could hear it in his voice and smell the alcohol permeating the room. There was no escape. He had beaten her so badly that she’d ended up going to the hospital for a broken arm and two cracked ribs. It was clear to the emergency room personnel that Jo was an abused wife. They’d seen it before. They quickly moved into action. Jo was admitted for observation and the police were alerted.
It was the perfect opportunity for Jo to get away. Billy was in lock-up for the night and the hospital social worker could get her immediately into a shelter. But Jo refused. She wanted to give Billy one more chance. She had loved him very much once; she couldn’t give up on him now. Not after all this time. Besides, it really was her fault this time. She was the one who had lied to Billy for all these years.
And things were better for a while. Billy was still drinking, of course, but not as much as before. He hardly ever hit her. He even agreed to let Jo take some courses at the local community college. Things were good and Jo was content. She was confident that they could save their marriage because Billy had changed. He wasn’t an abuser anymore, she told herself.
But all that changed in the blink of an eye. Jo returned home from one of her evening classes to find Billy stone drunk and waiting for her. She tried to calm the situation. “What’s wrong, sweetie?” she gently asked.
Billy didn’t bother responding verbally, but charged at her, growling underneath his breath. He began to beat her while yelling “You stupid cunt!” 
“What happened? What’s wrong?” Jo asked but she only received slaps in return.
The next morning, Jo lay in bed contemplating the situation. Should I leave him? She wondered. Was this merely a setback or are we back to the way things were? She needed to find out what had set him off. Why now, after months of almost happiness together, had he turned on her? 
When Billy awoke, Jo was ready for him. She knew he would be remorseful about the beating when he saw Jo’s bruising. It was the only chance she would get to find out why he had changed so suddenly.
But Billy wasn’t remorseful. He took one look at Jo’s bruising and yelled “Ha!” as if to say, “That’s what you get.” Jo was shocked. This wasn’t the normal routine. Something had definitely changed and she didn’t like it. Before she could lose her nerve, Jo asked. “What’s wrong? Why are you so upset with me? What have I done?”
Billy turned to glare at her. “What have you done? Don’t you know what you’ve done? You’ve made me the laughing stock of my work! That’s what you’ve done!” He snarled.
“The laughing stock? What do you mean?” Jo was confused. She hadn’t seen any of the men from Billy’s work for months. Normally, they came around to drink every once in a while, but they hadn’t been around lately.
Billy’s hand came smashing down on the dresser. BAM! “You stupid bitch! How can you act so innocent? They all know! They all know that you’re my wife, the one that testified on television, the one who was in the military and was so fucking brave! How do you think it feels? To be teased all the time that your wife is stronger and braver than you?” Billy stopped yelling and left the bedroom, slamming the door behind him.
Jo breathed a sigh of relief when he was gone. Billy was dangerous when he was angry, but what should she do now? Could Billy get over this humiliation at work or would it continue to haunt their marriage? Jo sat for a long time on the bed trying to come to a decision. She heard Billy shower and leave for work. Finally, still unable to decide what to do, Jo got up from bed and headed to the bathroom to clean herself.
The next few weeks were hell. Billy’s rage knew no boundaries. He beat her nearly every night although he was smart enough now not break any bones so that she wouldn’t need to go to the hospital. Jo had to drop out of her college classes. Even if Billy would have let her go, she couldn’t go anywhere looking like she did, her face bruised and swollen, eyes blank and nearly blind. 
While cleaning up broken glass in the living room one morning, Jo was surprised to hear the phone ring. The phone hardly ever rang. She didn’t have any friends and Billy rarely called.
“Hello,” she whispered tentatively into the phone. 
“Josephine Shelley? This is Mrs. Keagen from the Police Academy. We received your application a few months ago.” That’s right, she had applied to the Academy months ago, when things were going well with Billy and she had naively thought that everything would stay that way.
“Yes,” Jo said hesitantly.
“Well, we perform background checks on all our serious candidates but there seems to be a problem with your check. It appears that the police have been called to your residence several times over the past few months, well, years actually.”
Not knowing how to respond, Jo remained silent.
When Jo didn’t respond, Mrs. Keagen continued. “Yes, well, we are still interested in you as a candidate for the academy, but we need an explanation for the police calls. Can you give me an explanation?”
Jo felt trapped. If she told Mrs. Keagen about the beatings, Billy would fly into a rage from which she might not survive. But if she didn’t say anything, there was no chance that she could become a cop. Her chances would be ruined forever.
Before Jo could figure out what to say, the woman continued. “I shouldn’t say this, but what the hell? The police force does accept battered women as candidates, as long as the woman is no longer in that situation, if you get my drift.”
“I’ll get back to you,” was the only answer Jo could think of. Without waiting for the woman to reply, she hung up the phone.
She walked to the living room and sank onto the sofa. What should she do now? If Billy found out about her application to the police academy, he would kill her. But she had filled out the application during better times. A time when she was sure that Billy had changed, that everything was going to be all right and she was going to save her marriage. Now she wasn’t so sure. For weeks, she hadn’t been able to leave the house. Would things ever get better or should she leave?
The answer came to her that night. Billy came home drunk, but not alone. All his supposed friends were with him. Billy demanded that Jo serve them beer and snacks the entire evening. While Jo ran back and forth getting beers and pretzels for them, they all taunted her. “Look,” one would say to another, “the big hero is getting me a beer.”
Another would reply, “Well, I can get the big, strong hero to get me a pretzel.” Then, he would snap his fingers and yell at Jo to get him a snack.
It was humiliating for Jo. She was glad when the seemingly endless night was finally over. When all the men had left, Billy walked up to Jo and stood within inches of her. He looked right into her face and with a finger lifted her chin, so that Jo had no choice but to look him in the face. “See,” he said, “you’re not a hero here. You’re nothing but a stupid, useless wife.” Then he smiled and went to the bedroom, where he would most likely pass out within seconds.
Jo realized that she had been set up. Billy had deliberately brought all his friends over to humiliate her and make himself feel better. That was it! Something snapped. She wasn’t going to put up with Billy putting her down, to make himself feel better anymore. She was going to get out. The next morning she made the call to the shelter.

Chapter 44
Laura’s Redemption
The Present
The man clapped his hands and cleared his throat before calling out. “Okay everyone; it’s time to get started. Take your places, please.”
A group of people was shuffling around the room, pretending not to see each other. When they heard the man speak, they all turned towards him and reluctantly began to walk toward the chairs. The chairs were set in a circle with the man at the head.
Once everyone found a chair and was seated, the man began again. “Hi! For those of you who don’t know me yet, I’m Dr. Jones. I’m the leader of this group.”
No one replied. Everyone pretended to ignore Dr. Jones. Some found that grooming their fingernails was suddenly a fascinating activity. Others twisted fingers in their hair while staring blanking forward. Another group pretended that some interesting activity was occurring outside the window.
Dr. Jones was used to this reaction. No matter how long some people attended group sessions, some found it uncomfortable until the last moment. He waited for everyone to calm down for a few seconds, sighed loudly and then began.
“We’ve got a lot of new faces in the group today,” he said while attempting a friendly smile at the new members. “Why don’t we do a round of introductions?” At this suggestion, there was a collective moan. Some even muttered ‘not again’ under their breath. Dr. Jones was not to be persuaded, however, he just pointed to the person sitting to his immediate left and asked her to begin.
She too sighed but began to speak anyway, knowing it was futile to protest. “I’m Laura Brown. I’ve been here for nine weeks and four days and I’m leaving today!” Laura raised her arms in victory. “That’s right. I’m outta here!” Some of the other attendants clapped in joy for her, but most of them looked at her sullenly, jealous that she was leaving and they were stuck there for an unknown time period.
Dr. Jones smiled at Laura and would have clapped had it been appropriate. He normally required more subtle statements from his group, but he had a soft spot in his heart for Laura. When she arrived at the clinic nearly three months ago, he had been convinced she wouldn’t make it. He knew who she was of course, everyone at the time did. But given the trauma she had endured, the good doctor didn’t believe that Laura could successfully dry out on the first try. He assumed, like many patients that had survived tragedies, she would need several trips to the clinic to fully recover.
But Laura was different. In order to forget her past, she had been living with the demon of drugs and alcohol. But she no longer wanted to forget her past; she was ready to face the consequences of what she had done. With that motivation, she quickly worked through her drug and alcohol issues. She could have left the clinic within a month, but Dr. Jones kept her back. He thought too much change in such a short time period was a sure fire recipe for relapse. Laura agreed to stay. She didn’t have anywhere else to go anyway. She was still trying to figure out what to do with herself, now that she was sober.
Laura hadn’t found something to do, instead it had found her. After her first four weeks at the clinic, she began to receive huge amounts of mail. Someone, somehow, had figured out where she was and what she was doing. Hundreds, maybe thousands of people began to write her to tell her their own story about coming clean or facing a tragedy. Laura began by writing every single person back.
Slowly, an idea began to form in Laura’s head. If she was inspiring people to get clean just by sitting in a clinic in Georgia, just imagine what kind of difference she could make if she was actually trying to help people. She wrote to Amy and asked her what to do. Amy suggested setting up a non-profit organization. When Laura agreed to the idea, Amy flew down to help Laura fill out the paperwork to fulfill her dream.
The organization they founded was simply called “CLEAN”. Amy, Charlotte and Jo were appointed to the board of directors. Laura was the founding president and didn’t want to be a board member. They decided to set up the organization in Georgia where Laura was familiar with the rehabilitation centers and Charlie’s husband had lots of connections. Within weeks of incorporation, CLEAN was up and running with Charlotte working as acting president until Laura was released from rehab.
Dr. Jones sighed and realized that his thoughts had carried him away and he wasn’t listening to his patients. They had already finished the round of introductions and were waiting for him to continue the session. He cleared his threat. “Yes well, shall we get started then?”
After the session was over, Laura walked to her room and gathered the bags that she had packed earlier. Not that there had been much to pack. Charlotte had agreed to pick her up and was waiting for her outside. Laura didn’t want her to come in. No one’ besides Amy, had been inside the rehab and that’s the way Laura wanted to keep it.
When she finally walked out the front door, she was shocked by what she saw. As agreed, Charlotte was waiting for her in the car, but in the car with her, were Amy and Jo. Laura ran to the car, screaming with excitement as she went. Everyone hugged and laughed.
“Who needs rehab when I’ve got you guys?” Laura said, as everyone piled into the car and drove away from the clinic. Laura didn’t look back. Just like the military, that part of her life was now over.

Chapter 45
General White: The Man behind the General
Present Day
Unless you have been living in a cave for the past year, you know who General White is. He is the man who decided to take things into his own hands, who decided – despite CIA and Homeland Security advice to the contrary – to bomb a U.S. ally. We all know the story, but who is the man behind the story? What drove Lewis White, a previously top-notch soldier to – in effect – order the killing of innocent people? We have the story, behind the story.
Our story begins in the small town of Canton, Illinois. On July 4th, 1950, at exactly 6 a.m., Martha White gave birth to a nine-pound, seven-ounce, bouncing baby boy whom the parents, Martha and Leonard, christened Lewis Mathew White. Canton is a small, perhaps typical Midwestern, farming community. Lewis, or Louie as he was known, lived there until he left for college. He was known locally as a quiet, shy, even studious young boy. Never receiving the highest scores in class, but respectable results nonetheless.
It was when applying for universities that we first notice the driving ambition of the young man. Louie was determined to go to West Point. To this end, he joined Junior ROTC at the first opportunity in high school. Due to determination and ambition, Louie was able to climb the ranks of the Junior ROTC until graduation whereupon he was the highest-ranking member of the Junior ROTC. 
In his pursuit of a West Point placement, Lewis also contacted his local Congressional Representative, at the time, Republican Terry Wade. Representative Wade advised Lewis regarding activities and courses that he could take in order to increase his chances to receive the West Point appointment.
Lewis White knew that the competition was tough. Representative Wade could only make recommendations for two candidates to go to West Point. Regardless, Lewis was determined that one of those recommendations was his. Then the crushing news came. Representative Wade would not be recommending Lewis for West Point. There were simply too many excellent candidates that year, too much competition.
Former classmates of Louie testify that this news was devastating to him. He showed up for classes in a daze, having not read assignments and unprepared for exams. A look at White’s high school transcripts confirms this. His grade point average dropped from an A- after his junior year to a C+ at graduation.
Lewis’s parents, however, continued to encourage him to go to college and get an education. But it was almost too late for Lewis. With an overconfident attitude, he hadn’t applied to any colleges and by the time the announcement was made concerning recommendations for West Point, it was too late to apply for placement in the fall semester following graduation.
At this point, Leonard White stepped in. A former Army officer, Mr. White contacted an old Army buddy. This Army buddy, retired Colonel Zwart was now a member of the board of directors of Virginia Military Institute (VMI). Upon Mr. White’s insistence, Col. Zwart (ret.) agreed to allow Lewis to apply for admission although the deadline for applications had already passed. Col. Zwart insisted, however, that there was nothing further he could do. Lewis would be judged on his merits, just like any other candidate.
Leonard White was eager to ensure his son’s entrance into VMI. With this in mind Mr. White approached Representative Wade for a recommendation letter. Representative Wade was happy to comply. In fact, he apologized to Mr. White about Louis’s failure to receive a recommendation to West Point. With Representative Wade’s recommendation, Louis had no problems getting admitted to VMI.
At this point in the story, White’s personality drastically changed, according to old high school friends and college roommates. White was no longer the shy, studious young man that once attended Canton High School. Instead, college roommates remember an over-ambitious, over-achiever who would stop at nothing to succeed. One roommate tells an unconfirmed story concerning an inspection during White’s second year at VMI. Apparently, White – due to a football practice the night before – didn’t have time to shine his boots up to standard. In the early morning hours, claims his former roommate, White switched his boots with those of another roommate. White sailed through the inspection whereas the hapless roommate received ten demerit points.
Upon graduating from VMI, White joined the military where former colleagues confirm that he remained ambitious. White made every effort to stand out from the rest of the newly recruited officers. To a large extent, he succeeded, rising quickly through the ranks of 2nd lieutenant to colonel. It was at this point that White’s past came back to haunt him. White noticed that he was not getting promoted to general as fast as West Point graduates. In fact, White was so convinced of this that he filed a harassment claim with the Adjunct General’s (“AG”) office.
It’s hard to tell if the harassment claim made or broke his career. As a result of negotiations of the claim with the AG’s office, White finally received his first star. But, as White is quick to point out, he didn’t rise in the ranks very quickly after that. By the time White finally received his second star, he was even more bitter than before. It was time for White to make a name for himself.
White applied for every high-profile position he could, without success. When the War on Terrorism began, White made his move. Using his connections and allegedly threats of another investigation, White had himself appointed as Commander of Task Force JESUS. The task force was made up of investigators from the CIA, FBI, Homeland Security and the Army’s Central Investigative Division and was set up to investigate possible terrorist activities throughout the world.
White had hit the jackpot. Not only was the position incredibly high profile with numerous chances for Pentagon news conferences, but it was also a very powerful position within four organizations. White had effectively spread his wings past the U.S. Army and now was encroaching on the CIA, FBI and Homeland Security. Friends of General White described him as almost giddy with happiness upon receiving news of his appointment.
The happiness, however, wasn’t to last for long. After months of investigating possible terrorist links in Africa, White had nothing. His top-notch investigators were unable to come up with any solid evidence of terrorist activities, or even terrorist sympathies, in any country they had investigated so far.
White decided to take things into his own hands. If his investigators wouldn’t bring him the evidence to start a war, he’d just have to fabricate his own. Thus, White decided to destroy the report concerning Guinea-Bissau and make his own. There were only a few top men who were aware of the final outcome of the original report but he didn’t need to worry about that. The task force was divided into teams and no team had contact with another team without going through General White. All General White needed to do was merely indicate that one team had found evidence of terrorist activity that the other teams had not discovered. No one would question him.
But General White forgot one thing – to lock his doors when he went to talk his dog in the evening of the 1st of February, 2003. And General White got cocky. The White House agreed to go ahead with the bombing before even asking the General for his report so the General didn’t fabricate a report. His word was enough, or so he thought.
The bombing was, as could be expected, a public nightmare and an international relations disaster. White, thrown into the spotlight as he had so often wished for, suddenly found himself being bombarded by the press and protestors for the truth. White, however, would not be defeated. He stood behind his decision to go ahead with the bombing. Unfortunately for General White, President Windam did not stand behind him. Former President Windam requested that White retire as quietly and as quickly as possible.
Defeated and humiliated, White retired without any fanfare. Fearing the media, White and his family fled to a small ranch in Montana where White thought they could live a quiet life on his Army pension. Again, White had miscalculated. Although the uproar concerning the Operation Free Africa bombings died down for years, it didn’t stay dead.
It still isn’t clear how the condemning evidence first came to light. Amy Larson, Charlotte Meeks, Josephine Shelley and Laura Brown all deny leaking the information. Who else could have been the leak? The only other possible suspects are the members of Task Force JESUS themselves but none of them are talking. Each hides behind the confidentiality clauses in their employment contracts. The CIA, FBI, Homeland Security and U.S. Army are, respectively, helping them continue to hide. So no one knows how or why this information came to light. This reporter, despite exploring all avenues, has come up with a dead end.
The story of General White is not over. He remains in custody pending trial on charges of treason. Additionally, the government of Guinea-Bissau is calling for his deportation to their country for a murder trial. Thus far, the U.S. Government has resisted these requests by offering the current Guinea-Bissau regime economic and political support. But who knows what the future will bring.

Chapter 46
Epilogue
With a quick glance at her watch, Amy realized it was time. She smiled in anticipation and walked to the refrigerator to take out the open bottle of white wine contained within. One single glass, that was all, but it was part of her routine. The part, of course, that she didn’t tell Laura.
At exactly eight p.m., Amy picked up the phone and began her dialing maneuvers. When the first person answered the phone, she quipped, “Hold on, two to go.” To the next person, she merely said “One more”. And finally, when all three – four including her – were on the line, they were ready to begin.
“Hi girls” everyone yelled in unison. They all giggled until Charlie cleared her throat. “I’ve got an announcement.”
Everyone waited, curious but Charlie took her time. Laura was impatient. “Well what is it? Are you gonna tell us this year?”
“Never rush a lady,” Charlie answered in reply to which the rest of the girls snorted. “Oh alright, it’s good news. Bill has agreed to start seeing a marriage counselor.”
Her announcement was greeted with cheers all around. “When do you start?”
Charlie cleared her throat. “Well, actually,” she began self-consciously, “we began seeing a counselor over a month ago.”
Stunned silence and then. “But you didn’t tell us!”
Charlie took a sip of the mineral water she always took with her to the phone for the weekly calls and paused before replying. “I know. I know. I’ve broken the covenant or whatever, but I was worried it wouldn’t work out. I didn’t want to tell y’all until I was sure Bill would really go to counseling and make an effort.”
A round of, “uh huh” and “we understand” was quickly followed by a thousand rapidly fired questions. “How’s it going?” “Is Bill really trying?” “How did you find your therapist?” Until Charlie promised to tell the whole story if everyone would just, “Shuuut up!”
While Charlie was busy making good on her promise by telling all the gritty details of her weekly therapy sessions, the background noise on the call worsened until it became nearly impossible to hear each other speak. They were being forced to shout at each other. “What’s that noise,” yelled Amy.
Jo, apologetic and shy as ever, replied. “It’s me guys. I’m still at the academy.”
“It sounds like basic all over,” yelled Laura.
“Nothing could ever be that bad,” giggled Jo.
“But why are you still there?”
“We were talking about Charlie and Bill – not me.” Jo, never one to seek the center of attention, was reluctant to have the spotlight turned on her. Besides she wasn’t ready to tell the others. Laura, sensing that Jo was holding back, immediately began to harass her for a response. The others joined Laura and ganged up on Jo until she agreed to come out with it.
Jo bit nervously on her fingernails and looked around to see if anyone could hear her. “It’s like this. I’m graduating in two weeks.”
“Tell us something we don’t know!”
“No, wait, wait, that’s not it.” She took a deep breath and finally told them. “Well, I might actually be graduating top of my class.”
The other girls immediately began to yell and cheer. But Amy, ever vigilant in her duty as mother hen, asked: “Might? What do you mean ‘might’?”
“It’s not for sure yet, but the big chief is going to tell us tonight. That’s why I came down here.” Jo was really nervous. She’d never accomplished anything like graduating at the top of her class before. The girls, naturally, were confident that Jo would not only be the top of her class but that no one, especially a man, could possibly have any chance against Jo.
“So you’ll all be there then, at graduation?” Jo asked timidly. She hadn’t asked them to come – hoped of course – but wasn’t bold enough to ask. Not surprisingly they had invited themselves and couldn’t wait see her officially become a member of the Zanesville police force.
Now it was time for Amy to clear her throat and confess. “Would you guys mind terribly if I brought a guest? I promise he won’t get in the way of our girls weekend or anything?”
“What is this? Secrets night? Alright, out with it, who is it?” Laura sounded gruff but they all knew it was just an act.
“I’ve mentioned him before. Terry, the guy I work with in the Farmer’s Association. He’s dying to meet all of you. At least that’s what he says. I think he’s actually frightened of meeting three genuine, American heroes!”
Everyone laughed for a second, but with the next breath, the questions began. “How old is he?” “Is he cute?” “Does he have a brother?” “Is it serious?” Amy giggled and answered the questions one by one. Finally, exhausted Amy insisted that the question and answer period was over.
Somewhere, a timer went off. “That’s me,” announced Charlie. “It’s ten and I promised Bill I would watch some program with him on television. That’s the counselor’s brilliant idea. We have to spend one hour a day having ‘together’ time. We alternate choosing activities although I don’t really think that watching a TV program together is ‘together’ time.”
“That’s okay, I’ve gotta go anyway. I’m dying to talk to the commander.”
“Alright you two. We’ll talk again next week.”
“Same time.”
“Same place.” 

Thanks!
Thanks for reading Unforeseen Consequences. Show a writer some love and write a review. Do that here. I also need to thank all my friends and family that have helped and supported me along the way. You rock! This version was edited by my gal pal Carol Allen. Thanks for being a sweetie pie and professional to boot! Of course, I can’t forget to thank the men and women who have served in the U.S. military. 
Author 
D.E. Haggerty was born and raised in Wisconsin but thinks she’s a European. After spending her senior year of high school in Germany, she developed a bad case of wanderlust that is yet to be cured. After high school she returned to the U.S. to go to college ending up with a Bachelor’s degree in History at the tender age of 20 while still managing to spend time bouncing back and forth to Europe during her vacations. Unable to find a job after college and still suffering from wanderlust, she joined the U.S. Army as a Military Policewoman for 5 years. While stationed in Heidelberg, Germany, she met her future husband, a flying Dutchman. After being given her freedom from the Army, she went off to law school. She finished law school and moved to the Netherlands with her husband and became a commercial lawyer for more than a decade. During a six month break from the lawyering world, she wrote her first book, Unforeseen Consequences. Although she finished the book, she went back to the law until she could no longer take it and upped stakes and moved to Germany to start a B&B. Three years after starting the B&B, she got the itch and decided to pull the manuscript for Unforeseen Consequences out of the attic and get it published as an e-book. Deciding that she may have indeed finally found what she wanted to do with her life, she went on to write Buried Appearances. After moving to Istanbul, she started on Life Discarded, her third book. Between tennis, running, traveling, singing off tune and reading books like they are going out of style, she writes articles for a local expat magazine and various websites, reviews other indie authors’ books, writes a blog about whatever comes to mind and is working on her fourth book.
Author’s Note
Some of you are probably wondering about the escapades of the girls during Basic Training and how realistic it was. Most of the events happened – either to me or to another of the female recruits during my basic training. Yes, I actually did peek through the files of the CQ to see what my orders were and no, I am no longer afraid of weapons – although I am an awful shot. 
Other books by D.E. Haggerty
Buried Appearances
Life Discarded
Connect with me online:
Website & blog: http://www.dehaggerty.com
Twitter: https://twitter.com/denaehaggerty
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/dehaggerty
