The Mentor


a novel by
Pat Connid


Smashwords Edition
~~~
Copyright © 2012 by Pat Connid

All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without written permission from the author.

Certain characters in this work may seem terribly familiar (ie. celebrity reference) but it can be assured these are, in fact and in total, complete fabrications, and thus no libelous implications about the upstanding and fine nature of any of the aforementioned celebrities they may coincidentally resemble is to be inferred by the reader; as this work is translated from its original Sanskrit, any phrases or names that appear to invoke said similarity are by chance, the expression of which will be edited and feverishly adjusted at the first hint of trouble. 

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
~~~

For My Wife

Sorry about the occasional, low-grade insanity.  And thank you for putting up with me, those times I'm once again swallowed by that world.  I thought (at the very least) I should introduce you to some of the friends I've made there.

See attached. 

~~~


Chapter One

My best guess is that I woke up because the cargo van hit a speed bump or seam in the pavement or sleeping transient, and I bounced like a bug in the microwave.
I tried to push myself up but another bump had just been waiting for me. I got thwacked by the van floor again, my tailbone hammering the bare, corrugated metal.  My head spun (well, spun more), and I flopped over onto my spongy stomach, then back again.
Beneath the whine of the van’s engine, there was still the faint echo of my dream.  Don’t think it was a very good one. 
When I pressed my chin into my chest, forcing my head to steady, and it became clear there wasn't anyone in the driver’s seat, I set my contemplative dream analysis aside for the moment.
Struggling to my knees, I clawed at the bare, inner skeleton of the cargo van.  
Then, it felt as if the vehicle had taken a deep breath… 
I looked up to see nothing but blue sky filling the windshield. In my dream-wake state, I envisioned the vehicle's headlights were like eyes and, when it saw what I couldn't, it tried to look away from what was coming.  
The van tipped down hard, and I lost my balance.  Tumbling between the driver and passenger seats, I was jammed hard in the back with the corner of something.  
I looked down. 
A heavy-duty, plastic toolbox had struck me, its handle banging away like an old English bobby's baton.  I turned my head just as the van hit a final seam in the road.
This was where the pavement met a slated, wooden dock and the vehicle’s hollow interior turned into a soundstage, filled with a frantic Jon Bonham drum solo-- pitta fitta pitta!--  and I watched as the lip of the dock was swallowed by the van’s hood, then suddenly everything went quiet for a moment.
Another deep breath.
It was only a few seconds before the van’s nose hit the water, and my doughboy body slammed into the dashboard.  Again.  
I then began drifting toward unconsciousness before even managing to get fully awake from my previous bout of darkness.  Slipping away, I had one question taking precedence over all others: How'd I get in a van?

ONLY A FEW HOURS earlier, I’d come home from working at the movie theater.  
Sure, I was twenty-six and still working at a teenager's job, but the hours were easy and to make matters easier, I could drink there.  Well, we weren’t allowed to drink.  Simply, the manager never came downstairs.  
Ever.  
There was a pneumatic slot and a never-ending supply of plastic tubes for the cash that traveled between downstairs and upstairs.  Some of us had a suspicion the manager might not exist at all.  But, if he did exist, there had to be a giant room with plastic tubes bouncing hard and bursting open, spewing cash onto the floor, whilst he’s rolling around in piles of dough, stark naked, throwing caution to the wind and dismissing concerns about paper cuts to his pink parts.
In truth, nobody who worked there cared either way.  
We did our jobs fairly well.  My best friend Pavan and I kinda sorta would get drunk every night while we cleaned theaters and tore tickets for patrons.
It had been around midnight when I’d walked the three deserted blocks home and climbed the rotting stairs past Wicked Lester’s.  Someone had found the hidden volume knob under their jukebox, cranking it up loud.  I walked up through a haze of dust and dirt spat from the ancient, wooden paneling, and then I slid into my apartment on the second floor.
Clicking the switch by the door, the dull, orange light in the kitchen twinkled off the beer can castle on the stove.  I dug into the half dozen bottles of beers in the fridge and pulled one out, then settled onto my hard couch. 
When I’d moved in, years ago, there had been some furniture left in the apartment after the last tenant skipped out on the rent in the middle of the night.  But as anyone could guess, if someone was willing to leave furniture behind, it was obviously the sort of stuff worth leaving behind.
I drank half the beer in one tip of the bottle and tried to remember if the couch had originally been there when I’d moved in.  Did I get it off Craigslist?  I couldn’t remember.  Either way, it was a horrible couch.  It smelled like an old person might have once died on it.  Given the odor's bouquet, obviously the oldster had died of something involving bacon.
Didn’t matter, it fit snuggly into my simple lifestyle.  Work, play, and be happy.  
No.  
Edit: Work, play, drink beer, and be happy.  
Maybe better: drink beer, work, play, be happy.  
Whatever.
I had low expectations from life and felt certain life shared the sentiment.   Paid my taxes, turned the mattress every couple months, called my mom as often as I could endure it, and sometimes-- when I walked by expired parking meters-- tossed a quarter in just to stick it to the man.  
What you put out is what you get back.  Like some sort of karmic flotsam and jetsam; except, I don't really believe in karma.  I believe in balance—or maybe more precisely: payback.  Problem is, though, everyone's working from a different ledger.  
And if they've got your name in a column and you don't have theirs?  
That's when things can get out of hand, and you don't even see it coming.  I suppose that's the best way I can describe how it all began that night.
Hindsight's 20/20… but it probably would have worked out better had I laid off the beer a little.
Maybe not.  
In my second-story apartment above the bar, the couch faced the corner where the two outside walls met, its back to the kitchen.  The dining room, living room and kitchen were essentially all just one space.  However, I'd designated dining room from living room with the placement of my uncomfortable couch, like some sort of shithole apartment feng shui.  
It made the space a little more crowded, but gave some sense of a living area in the apartment.  I suppose it was one step above Les Nesman and his masking tape "walls."  A very small step.  
Where the last tenant likely had a television—apparently the one piece of furniture they felt valuable enough to take with them—there were two wooden, orange crates of compact discs I’d collected over the years.  On top of that was a combination clock/radio/CD player my mother had given me ten years earlier.  
Six months prior to that night, one of my old Ozzy CDs started skipping.  It was either Diary or Blizzard… can't remember.  It was the one where the asshole producer starts to fade out the song during an amazing Randi Rhodes guitar solo.  A little drunk, I let years of being frustrated by that little musical abomination get to me, and I kicked the tiny stereo against the wall.  
Sure, a somewhat disproportionate reaction but it's a really, really good solo.  Now, I have a hole in the wall and a busted CD player.
Clock still works.
Most nights, I fall asleep with my uniform on.  Black polyester pants, red polyester vest and white dress shirt.  Working at the theater, the cuffs of all of my shirts are permanently stained the color you might see on the bottom of a homeless guy's feet.  All of my clothes smell like Playdough for some reason.  
In my closet, there are anywhere from four to seven outfits exactly like this, depending on what part of the laundering cycle I am in.  Gilligan was a clothes horse compared to yours truly. 
The music downstairs, after passing up through my floor, became a dull thumping sound, spiked with an occasional drunken, treble flutter.  Not exactly music anymore.  Still, it was oddly soothing, as if it were reminiscent of some early sensory memory.  Maybe this was the sort of thing a redneck baby might hear in the womb of its redneck mama any night of the week as she worked the brass pole at Poppers.
At first, I thought the sound of a key in my door's lock was just the loud music banging my empty beers cans around.  I've passed out to that pleasant twinkling before-- a little like twelve-ounce wind chimes.
Then, I heard the door swing open because its hinges hadn’t been oiled since before the invention of dirt.  Turning, I was surprised because I hadn’t had an impromptu midnight visit from my sorta girlfriend, Laura, in a very long time.  Midnight visits from Laura meant she was likely buzzed and horny.  I was the former and, at the sound of the door opening, also instantly became the latter. 
However, I am not attracted to men.  Especially large men.  
As the large man rounded the corner at the end of the short hallway extending from my front door, at first, I could only see the whites of his eyes.  Strangely, that phrase instantly bounced around in my head in the most surprising way.  I felt… odd.
“Dexter, so glad you are in,” he said, flashing a perfect, toothy grin.  He’d crossed the room so fast I’d lost sight of him twice.  However, he didn’t seem strained by the effort, despite moving so quickly around the room.
Trying to get up from the couch, get away, I felt my head swim.  I was buzzed, more buzzed than I'd realized.  No way was I going to be able to defend myself in this condition.  Honestly, I really can’t defend myself in any condition, so the plan was the same if I'd been sober: run.  But, I couldn't.
So, I braced for impact, but he didn’t hit me.  I must have looked stupid, covering my head like some seven-year old’s first time in a carnival haunted house.  Looking up, between my cola-stained sleeves, I saw that he’d sat atop the two orange crates.  Briefly, I wondered where my clock had gone.
The fear began over-clocking my brain, dampening the light in the room.  It was as if, unable to run, my mind wanted to shut down and hide in some dark corner of my skull.
This guy—calm, just staring at me with a smaller smile now— looked fit but not overly muscular.  Honestly, I couldn’t be sure of that.  He was wearing black jeans and a black bomber jacket.  Underneath, I think, he had a black t-shirt on.  The man himself, also black.  
So, kind of a theme then.
He wasn’t bald, but his hair was trimmed close to his head.  One look at it, and I was convinced it was perfect.  Odd, that word had come to my mind again—perfect teeth, perfect hair.  But, that’s what I thought.  I felt if the hair on the left side had been measured with a laser, it would match the length on the right exactly.
Not that I was interested in his hair, I was just too afraid to look at what might be in his hands.
“Dexter, you do not look well.”
“What do you want, man?”
He crossed his legs and put his hands on his knees.  I exhaled the breath that had been trapped in my throat after finally realizing he wasn’t armed.
“What do I want?  You mean what do I really want?  I don’t believe we know each other that well yet, Dex."  He smiled wider.  I was holding my breath again.  “What?  Do you think you and me are that close?  Buddies who spill our inner most secrets to each other?  Hey, all right.  You go first!”
He’d asked me a question-- I think he did-- but, what was he talking about?  God, my head… how’d I get so buzzed?
“Quickly, then, so we can get started.”   He brushed away some invisible lint or dust from his pant leg.  “What was the twelfth word the baker said to you today?”
What?  What the fu—
“Dexter,” he said louder.  His smile faded by another degree.  The room was vibrating even more now.  “Dexter, stay with me here.”
“Okay, what?  Why… what do you want?”
Putting both feet flat on the floor, a hand still on each knee, he said: “When you got up this morning, you went downstairs for your morning sugar buzz.  What was the twelfth word the baker said to you today?”
What the hell he was talking about?  Was this some sort of code?  Or, it… what did he say?  
“I don’t—“
“Dexter, if you don’t tell me what I want to know I’m going to take one of your thumbs, cut into the epidermis, through the muscle, snap the bone, strip away the sinew and tendon, poke a hole in the end, and turn it into a key chain.”
I was now less buzzed.
“You ever try to hold a beer in your hand with no thumb, Dex?”  He added, the smile entirely gone now.  “You do believe me, don’t you?”
Then, the whole room began breathing around me— pulsing and suddenly alight, crackling with electricity.  
Everything was humming, quivering.
I looked down to my hands.  They were shaking.  
That’s when I knew I wasn’t really drunk at all.
I looked up at him, he seemed to disappear, then reappear, jumping around the room, again.  This time, I realized my eyes had simply begun to water-- the images around me were just refracting through tears which hadn’t yet fallen.
My mouth opened and I croaked, “Elephant."
His large face came toward me and blackened out the sky.  He said, "What was that?  What did you say?"
I repeated, "Elephant.  He said 'elephant' to me."
In the dark, pulsating room his brilliant grin burst back, and it sliced into every part of me, piercing through my chest and then enveloping me in a loud, electric hum.
“Yes!”  He punched a triumphant fist in the air, splitting the sky above us.  “Dexter, yes.”
“Okay, okay,” I said, trying to sit up.  Then, the thought: I had been sitting up.  Was my body now sliding?  Oh God, so tired.  
Lifting my head took effort, but I could see he had disappeared again.  I prayed he’d left the apartment, but I knew better.  My limbs began to shake uncontrollably.
“To answer your next question, Dex, I’ll say you are left-handed and an alcoholic and lazy.”
Check, check and check.
“So, it was easy to know where to put the beer you would first pull from the fridge.  Front left.  Hell, you must’ve thought it was your birthday and the beer fairy had brought an extra cold one.  ‘Course that beer was full of poison," he said.  "Not a very good fairy, if you ask me.”
With the word, my tongue grew thick and my mouth, instantly dry. 
“Poison?”
“Don’t worry, you’ll be fine.  Just a little nap.” Like a god or devil, his voice emanated from the pulsing walls around me.  They shook with his every word like the membrane of a stereo speaker.
“Please…”
“A quick couple of notes,” he said, and I found it hard to blink right.  My eyeballs were dry as tennis balls.  “The average amount of oxygen in the air we breathe is roughly twenty-one percent.  A quarter of the oxygen you ingest is used by your brain.  In a closed environment, especially one where stresses are applied to the subject, hypoxia is inevitable…”  
Just before I tumbled away into deep space, he slapped me awake.  
My eyes went wide but refused to focus.  
He continued: “Not yet.  Now, O-2 saturation less than about fifteen percent, well there’s a quick and steady decline.  The water between target and surface is called ‘the head.’  One foot of water exerts a pressure of .43 pounds per square inch…”  What was he saying?  What was he talking about?  His voice trailed off, and I chased it into the dark.
With leather-gloved fingers, he pulled my eyes open again.  
I saw, one last time, his large, dark face over mine, serious and terrifying.
For an odd, fleeting moment, he seemed to be searching for something.  As if there were an answer written along the deep lines, blemishes and busted capillaries of my face.
If he wanted an answer, I'd have given it to him.  I'd have given him anything to stop, to not hurt me.
But, I didn't have the first clue what the question was.
Finally he leaned back and said, “I hope you got all that.”
I tried to say something, anything, but words failed me.
The ceiling above his head shook violently, and as the plaster began to crumble, those parts breaking away bursting into flames, through the gaps streaks of light bled through like the sun itself had split the midnight sky and was now bursting into the room, searching for me.  
My entire body was wrenched toward the light and, as his face dissolved away, I heard him say:
“Lesson begins.”

WHEN THE VAN HAD sunk far enough to hit the lake bottom, I woke up again.
Hell, it could have been a lake but for all I knew it was the ocean.  Any ocean.  On a moon circling a distant planet.  
I had no idea where I was or how I’d gotten there.
It was pitch black, which made it difficult to effectively shake off the world of dreams I'd just come from.
Around the vehicle, the water gurgled, as if the lake had swallowed me whole and began slowly digesting its meal-- juices swirling around, sliding into crevices, looking for soft tissue to start in on.
Trapped in the darkness, I tried to slow my breathing because the very sound of it, my own terror ringing in each wheezing gasp, just frightened me more.  
“Okay,” I said out loud.  
I reached out and felt the vehicle's walls.  Cold.  
“This could still be a part of a dream.”  My voice sounded like it was coming from a fried, drive-in speaker as it tumbled around the van.  
The tips of my fingers were cold but, thankfully, dry.  My breathing slowed a little.
Working up the confidence to get to my feet, once I got halfway up the world spun again as the van rolled.
Falling in the dark-- for a moment touching nothing but air-- it felt like a nightmare spacewalk.  
I hit the back door hard, and its handle knocked the wind from my lungs.  
My body flopped down onto the ceiling, which had momentarily become the floor.  Then, one more spin, and the van was on its side, and I rolled with it like a broken doll.
Everything hurt, but hurt a little more than it should because I'd flexed every muscle, rigid, as I braced for another tortuous spin in the van.  Here I was, maybe dying, and I'd reverted to the defense mechanism most often employed by an insect or, perhaps, a member of the British parliament.
Paralyzed.  
Don’t move, and it shall pass.
But… truth is, it never does.  Unless it passes right over you, crushing you in the process.
Still, I lay there, waiting.  Opening and closing my eyes did nothing to change the view-- just a swirling of dark purples and blues.  And the more I tried to calm myself, the more one of the most primal of fears came out from its hiding place.
Would I suffocate?
What had that prick said?  Right before I passed out.  Something about—
O-2 Saturation less than about fifteen percent, well there’s a quick and steady decline
I’d only been down there for about a minute or so, I guessed.  There was no way I was running out of air.  At least not yet.
My midnight intruder must've tossed me into the vehicle.  Had he been driving it then leapt out just before I regained consciousness?  I wanted to find the guy.  Kill him.  Or just hit him with my car.
Top of my To Do List when I got back to the surface: buy a car.
Then, I had to find him.  Maybe he inadvertently left behind fingerprints.  Hair follicles?  Sam's Club card?
“What in the hell is going on?” 
It was as cold and lonely as the dark side of the moon, and I could feel the metal around me stealing my body warmth.  Feeling around the van's ceiling, I moved from one side to the other, and finally fingered a plastic blister.  I found the switch and flicked it.  
The van filled with light, chasing away the encroaching deep space, which now retreated to the other side of the windows.  Everything in the cargo van was stained a dull yellow.  But, man, was I happy to be able to see the world around me again.
 Squinting, I pulled the hair out of my eyes and when my hand came back, a pale orange liquid pooled on my fingers.
On my hairline, there was a small split in the skin.
"Certainly not a dream."
Wherever I was, however I got there—with plenty of help from a large, scary, beer-poisoning asshole who clearly had his orthodontist on speed-dial— it was obvious this wasn’t the most tenable position for an overweight, alcoholic movie theater usher to be in.  
The metal around me muttered this constant, low chatter, but I wasn’t really worried about being crushed to death by the water pressure—I hadn’t fallen that deep.
Had I?
The last leg of my most recent road trip (ie. plunging to the bottom of a frigid body of water in an airtight van), I'd slept through the whole bit.  Had it been just a matter of seconds?  Or had it been minutes?
There was no way to guess the van’s depth because, at least from this angle, there wasn’t any light spilling down from above.  
The metal grumbled a little louder, a polite warning maybe, and I gagged on a breath.
The water between target and surface is called “the head.”  
No phone in the van and, me, I’m one of the few people on the planet left who doesn’t own a cell phone.*  
(*Note: this had been a personal choice following a particularly blunderous "drink-and-dial" event which involved too much brandy, too little food, six straight hours of C-Span and the U.S. Congressional online phone directory.  The phrase "suspended sentence" kept me "off the grid" for a number of years)  
The glove compartment was empty and the seats in the van were so high from the floor, nothing could be tucked under there and be expected to stay put.
I pressed my face to the dashboard and looked upward.  Faint.  A very faint glow.  Still, it might just have been a reflection from the dome light.  
The keys were in the ignition, but the engine wouldn’t turn over. 
The headlights, dead.  Radio, nothing. 
But the dome light sill worked.  
"That's kinda odd."
The van on its side, I stood on the driver's door and looked up and out the passenger side window.  Just black, inky water.
No light at all.
If the van was close to the surface, there should be some light.
Right?
Unless, I wasn't close to the surface.
"Okay, no," I said and wiped my mouth with the back of my hand.  "That is not…not going to be in my head at the moment.  Can't control that, either way."
A little black joystick caught my eye, just below where the vehicle’s door met the window.  Manipulating it, the mirror on the other side of the window wiggled back and forth. I worked it across a ninety degree angle, then up and back.  Nothing.  Not even a glimmer in the reflection.
Hadn’t there been blue sky when the van hit the water?  Yes.  Yes, I remembered that. Then, how far down was I?  
My chest got marginally tighter, and I couldn’t tell if it was an acute bout of claustrophobia or… the air.
No, no, no!  “That’s exactly what that psycho wants!”  I yelled: “You want me worried about suffocating.  Well, there’s plenty of air!  This van is airtight, baby!”
That thought struck me.  How was it there were no leaks?  No leaking from the windows or doors or from the firewall between the engine compartment and the rest of the van?  There’d have to be some leaks, wouldn’t there?
No time to waste on that.  Had to get out.  
Eventually, I was going to have to swim it.  Shouldn’t be too hard.  Take a huge gulp of air and gun for the surface—only way to go was up.  
One of the rare perks of lugging around an extra thirty pounds of man-fat was that it means I’ve got a body like a buoy.  Whereas this little play on words had always kind of tickled me, this was the first time the notion would play out literally.
Okay.  I grabbed the handle to the passenger door and held tight.  I wasn’t a great swimmer, but I can hold my breath a good, long time.  It’s a bar bet thing.  Knew it would come in handy one day so, in retrospect, time well spent.
One.
I sucked in a couple quick breaths, hyperventilating to over oxygenate my lungs.
Two.
White knuckles on the handle, my knee braced into the seat’s fabric, and my shoulder blade flat against the door, I prepared for the deluge of water that would hit me in seconds.   
Holding a huge breath—
Three!
--I snapped the handle back, and pushed!  
But, the door didn’t open.
I’d forgotten to unlock the door.  
The thin, black lock now popped, I settled back into my crouch, ready to repeat.  In fact, it would work out better this way… always good to do a dry run.
Ha.  "Dry."
Focus.
Again, I drew in deep breaths, but this time they pulled in a little slower as if the air were dragging across my teeth a little.  Had to put that out of my mind; just a couple deep gasps of air, then—I yanked hard and heard the latch disengage.
I pressed up, but the water above me held the door closed.  Moving into a crouch, my feet on the side edge of the seat, I used my legs to do all the work.  
Steadied my shoulder.
Then, pushed with everything I had.
Harder.  
Harder.
My legs began to shake as I strained to force the door open.   Sweat burst from the pores along my hairline, making the gash there sting.  Rivulets of red-stained perspiration dripped down my face and into my eyes.
I yelled, pushing harder, my muscles aching, and braced for the rush of water.
It didn’t come.  Dropping away, I was breathing heavy, trembling as my muscles dealt with the shock of overexertion.  I banged the van ceiling with my fist.  
"No wonder there are no leaks!  The son-of-a-bitch welded the doors shut!"  
But, then I remembered.
One foot of water exerts a pressure of .43 pounds per square inch.
That’s what he was saying.  Not that the van was going to be crushed but, given the depth and size of the door, with all that water pressure there'd be no way for me to open it.    
Luckily, my abductor had been on a budget, and the van had hand crank windows.  Readying myself again, I began to turn the crank, but no dice.  
I tried the driver’s side.  Same result.
Lying on my side and pressing my shoe hard on the crank, I heard the gears inside strip and start to buckle.  
One foot of water exerts a pressure of .43 pounds per square inch.
Ah.  That's thousands of pounds of pressure.  No way the flimsy window crank could overcome that sort of weight.
Then how was I getting out? 
Before I passed out in my apartment, he had said: “Lesson begins.”
This was a lesson?  What kind of lesson?  Or by lesson did he mean "payback"?  
What had I done?  Had I so completely wronged someone that to settle accounts it meant my death?   
Just more and more questions but one thing was certainly turning out to be true: I was actually starting to run out of air.
Lying back, sitting on the seat sideways, I pressed the cold window against my sore neck and shoulders.  It helped some, but the worst pain was really my lower back where the—
“TOOLBOX!”
I popped up like a jack-in-the-box and slid between the two front seats into the back of the van where the black, plastic toolbox lay upside down in the corner.  I grabbed it, flipping the box over in my hands several times.  I could hear something rattling around inside, but the plastic was thick and my pitiful attempts to tear it open didn't leave a mark.
This, of course, from a guy who-- on more than one occasion-- had been summarily defeated by a tenacious potato chip bag (alas, shortly after those temporary failures, my enemy was often quickly slain with a dirty kitchen knife.  Or scissors.  Or lawn jart.  Unfortunately, given the manner of my late-night departure, I hadn't brought any of those implements with me).
Embedded in the plastic was the face of a small combination lock but, flipping the toolbox over a couple times, there was no hint at what the combination might be.  No serial numbers, no manufacture date.  Nothing.  
The numbers had to be in the van, then.  
The vehicle had 78,898 miles on it, which meant if those were my numbers I had two two-digit numbers and a one digit number.  It took me a few minutes to go through each permutation.  Nothing.
Frustrated, I ran through the numbers again.  Had I rushed right past the correct sequence?  Again, nothing.
Panic gripped my chest.  Had he... given me the numbers
Or, worse, maybe he revealed it as I passed out?
I closed my eyes for a second and recalled, exactly, every word of the conversation from the moment he'd entered my apartment. 
Nothing, no numbers that seemed like a possible combo.
I searched through my pockets again.  Nothing-- they’d been stripped empty.  Not only were my keys and wallet missing, but the bastard even swiped the twenty bucks hidden in my black vest.  In fact, the entire vest was gone.  Jerk.
Staring at the lock, I knew whatever was inside the toolbox was my ticket to getting free.  
Slamming the toolbox on the metal walls of the van did nothing but ring my ears.  The light went out for a brief instant during one attack, the wiring inside probably shifting, so my failing came to an abrupt end.  As scared as I was, it would be a lot more frightening in complete darkness.  It was pitiful, but I needed the tiny, orange bulb to keep me company.  
“What, then..?”
I stared at the lock and just started spinning it.  Three numbers, probably.  I tried increments of five.  Then, faster, I just tried random combinations of numbers.   Still faster.  Anything, it didn’t matter—nothing worked.
Calm down.  
My mouth was widening, gulping deeper breaths, and I was getting a little dizzy.
He’d warned me of the pressure on the doors.  He'd warned of the depleting oxygen.  He'd… oh, hold on.  
He’d asked about the baker.
Why had he asked about the baker?  
Testing me.  Testing my recall.  
“How the hell had he even known about that?” I said aloud and the voice reflected back to me was thin, shaky.
For whatever reason that seemed to matter to him.  He'd needed to check my recall before moving forward.  That was what all the baker stuff was about.  So, if that meant so much... the answer to my lock riddle would likely be in something he said after all.
Three numbers?  Letters, maybe, or…
I had it.
Hell, you must’ve thought it was your birthday and the beer fairy had brought an extra cold one.  
My damp fingers fumbled, trembling as I dialed in my birthday, but concentration failing me a little, I passed by my birth month and had to do it again.  
Slow.
I had to focus, go slow.
I had to get it right.
Ticking off the three numbers of my birthday in various combinations until—
Click.
Briefly, thrill washed over me like a winter wind, and I popped open the toolbox and reached inside.  
A pen.  Just a pen.
“What is this?”  I said through clenched teeth.  “I’m supposed to break out with a clever haiku?”  
Or maybe it was for a suicide note.  
I was pissed off.  Pissed off about being in the van, pissed off someone had busted into my home and pissed off someone had screwed with my beer!
So, I snapped the pen in two.
But it didn’t break.  Hell, I was too weak to even bend it.
Then— no, not too weak.  
I grabbed either end and used all my strength to bend the pen but it didn’t bend at all.
Holding it up to the light again, I looked at it a little more closely.  “This is a really good pen.”
But, this wasn’t the standard Bic you’d pick up at the grocery store.  There had to be metal shell underneath the plastic surface.  More importantly, it was at least some clue to what I had to do next.
The problem, of course, was the pressure on the door and on the door's window.  I couldn’t open either until the pressure equalized on both sides.  Like trying to open the van's door while doing eighty miles an hour.  Really hard to do.  But, open the window, and the door swings a little easier.
Holding the pen like a dagger, I psyched myself up for an attack on the passenger side window above me.
Just as I was about go all Norman Bates on it, it occurred to me that the water falling into the van—all that pressure released!—could knock me out cold.  The back window seemed like a better option.
“Okay, here we go.”  Grabbing the rear door's interior handle with my right hand, I arched back with my left and came down as hard as I could on the glass.  The shockwave rattled up my wrist, arm and shoulder and it felt like Daffy or Bugs had slammed a ball peen hammer into the base of my skull.
“Ouch.”  
Instant headache, arm ache, shoulder ache… just everything ache.  Thinking back to Psycho, I thought: WWND?  
“What would Norman do?”
Naturally, Mr. Bates, a slight man, would use whatever body mass he had to put some force behind his thrust.  
This time, slipping between the two front seats, I pushed back even farther to the dashboard.  The van on its side, my feet gripped onto the back of the driver’s seat like a runner in starter blocks.
I counted off in my head again:  One… two… three!
Screaming like a banshee—because Norman would have—I leapt with all my strength toward the back window, arm rocketing forward in a stabbing motion, my feet never even touching the floor, I was in full flight when I reached the door, five feet from my starting point.  There was the celebratory shatter of glass then a whoooosh of air. 
The water gushing in and all around me was the most beautiful music I had ever heard.
Froth and spray and foam… tried to get a good bearing, but then the dome light winked out.  
I dipped down below, into the freezing water, grabbed the handle to the door and pushed it open out.  Slowly, it gave way and let me pass into the freezing, black void. 
Pulling myself upward with everything I had left, then dug deeper and used that too-- that part, that reserve we never tap into because we fear it would empty us, top to bottom, but still I pushed harder.
The first thing I noticed was the screaming.  Not a vocal scream, but the shrill of pain.  The water wasn't going to release its prey that easily, and it squeezed my body, my chest, my head… my ears felt as if I were being lifted by a giant pair of calipers, its needle-sharp points cutting into either side of my skull.
I clamped my hands to either side of my head and kicked with my feet, but the pain symphony in my brain didn’t quiet.  It felt like my face would surely crack open, the contents behind it bursting through any split, looking to escape the pressure.
My eyes wide open, my lips a vise, I kicked myself toward the sky and slowly saw the black turn to steel gray above me.  Brighter and brighter until finally, unbelievably, my body split the surface and took in my first fresh lungful of air in what felt like hours.
Thrashing on top of the water, I greedily sucked in deep gulps of air and yelled at the top of my lungs, took another breath and yelled again.  It felt damn good.
It took a full minute to get my bearings, and I swam toward the shoreline.  My sweatshirt was weighing me down, so I stripped it off and instantly grew freezing cold, but the swimming was much easier.
It wasn’t really a lake after all.  Nor was it the ocean.
I had seen this place years ago-- the North Fulton County quarry in Atlanta.  That explained why I'd gone so deep.
Already exhausted, the swim to shore, while short, was difficult and by the end of it, half of the quarry’s small lake must have been in my stomach or mouth.
The rocks that dappled the water’s edge were oily and slick, so climbing out I fell twice.  The second time, I banged up my knee pretty good.
Rolling out of the darkness and through dying patches of heather, a small laugh startled me.  It was cigarette-harsh and phlegmy, but rather than mean, it seemed pleasant.  Like someone who hadn’t laughed in a while and all it took was to see some half-naked fatso fall down a couple times on a pile of wet rocks to make his day.
It was not quite dawn yet, and the moon had busied itself trying to calm the water I'd stirred up.  Not much light.  
He stood a couple yards away from me.  I could only make out the more angular features of the man's face.
“No place for swimmin’, that there,” he called over to me, then laughed again and spit something out.  “All sortsa stuff down there you don’t wanna get cut up on.”
Falling onto a patch of long, matted grass, I was breathing heavily and couldn’t stop gulping in the air.  Hyperventilating, maybe.  They always say you should breathe into a paper bag.  Supposed to help.  Dunno why.  I did, coincidentally, see a small paper bag, but it was wrapped around a bottle of beer in the hand of my one-man audience.
He took a few steps closer.
“You all right, then?”  Poking his head into a beam of moonlight, his face looked scarred from years in the sun, but it wasn't unfriendly.  One eye still on me, he took a long pull from his beer.
I leaned up on my elbows, still breathing heavy.  “How’d I get into that van?”
He frowned, looked to his left and right sluggishly.  The man seemed to drift off for a moment.  He finally said, “What van?”  
Then he took a small step back, cautiously, as if he were suddenly aware the wet, angry guy in front of him may try to take whatever he’d collected in his coat pockets over the years.  
“Lost your shirt boy,” He took another pull of his beer.  “I think I saw a shirt balled up back in the woods over there.  Some other dirty clothes… maybe somebody bunked over there for a while, stuff got left behind.  Might be buggy.  Buggy’s better than cold, though.”  
With a wave of his long, dirty fingers, he slowly began to walk away.
“Is there a phone around here somewhere?  Gas station?”
The homeless man kept walking, disappearing into the dark, either not hearing or just not bothering to answer me.  I wobbled up to my feet and considered for a moment looking for that shirt.  My man-boobs were freezing, capped with nipples like sharks’ teeth.
I was shivering.  And it wasn’t just because I was wet.  I just about drowned under a hundred of water in a van someone put me in… to teach me some sort of lesson?  
Standing more firmly now and staring out as the moon finally reasserted its will upon the quarry’s water, I didn’t have the first explanation of why I was there.


~~~


Chapter Two

“Sorry I woke ya up, man,” I said to Pavan and meant it.
He took another drag of his cigarette and, too tired to actually turn his head to the gap in the window, he blew the smoke over the steering wheel, and it rolled across the dash momentarily enveloping the small, plastic Jesus Christ figurine on his dashboard.
He wasn't terribly religious, but when he'd bought the car, Dashboard Jesus had come with it-- super-glued smack-dab in the middle of the dash.  
Pavan was too spooked to rip it out ("That's like really bad luck, man!"), so Dashboard Jesus stayed.
“Yeah, I only had a half hour of sleep when you called.”
“Rough night.”
He nodded, pulled something from his lip.  The sun was beginning to warm the air, and he started rummaging around, one hand still on the wheel, for shades underneath the fast food bags on the floorboard behind us.  
“Since I had the early night 'cause I drove the new guy home again, I went to my cousin’s house.  You know, Ray, right?”
For the last ten minutes, I’d just told my best friend that some ninja sociopath drugged me, put me in a speeding van and sent me to the bottom of the Fulton quarry with nothing but a Bic pen and a couple lungfuls of air.  And he wanted to talk about Cousin Ray?
'Course, he did get up in the middle of the night to haul my ass out of the quarry, a good forty-five minutes away from where his head had briefly met the pillow.
I said, “Yeah, I know Ray.  The guy that's got the…” I lifted my hand up to my head, drawing an imaginary line near my brow.  
“The nail gun thing? Yeah, he got those out.”
“Good thing.”
“Not sure if they got all of them because sometimes if he’s in the room when you flip the microwave on he pees himself like a freaked-out lapdog,” Pavan said and slapped on an old, scratched pair of fake Ray-Bans.  The lenses looked like the bottom of an Italian grandmother’s favorite iron skillet.  “Well, I go over there to Ray’s, and his power’d been cut because he spent all his dough on pull-tabs last week and they cut it.  So we’re just sitting around, you know, smoking and somebody thought it might be a good idea to get the dog stoned.”
“Well, with no power, right?”
“Yeah, no TV or nothing,” he said, then scowled, and took another deep drag, and blew it out.  “Well, the dog, I guess had this real bad reaction because he starts running around munching all the stuffing out of the couch cushions, just tearing through them like a mad beaver, and there’s that foam everywhere, so Ray and everyone’s trying to stop the dog but, you know, they’re pretty drunk and high, and it’s dark because there’s no power, so they’re just sorta stumbling all over each other and to look at it, even in the dark, it’s like a fucking New York blizzard with the coach foam all over the floor, everywhere, then—“
“Pavan,” I interrupted.  “I think a guy tried to kill me tonight.”  
His mouth still bent around his next word, he flashed his eyes at me from behind the shades.  His shoulders fell and he nodded just a little.  
“He put me in a van, sent me to the bottom of a manmade lake and left me for dead.”
“I know man, it’s just… it's so wild, right?  Crazy.”
My friend Pavan was the kind of guy who always looked like he’d just been rousted from bed: lines under his eyes, wrinkled clothes, and a huge mass of curly hair weighed down by shampoo he'd not been patient enough to properly rinse away.  
The hair used to bother me because I was a head taller than him and with that messy near-fro I usually saw more hair than face when we worked together or hung out.  
He had started at the theater about a year after I did but, impressively, matched my level of disenfranchisement, lock step, within weeks.  
Weeknights, he and I would tear tickets at the usher stand, clean each of the eight movie houses and do it all over again.  That cycle would repeat twice more and, often, one of us would be passed out drunk by ten o’clock.  
We had a system which we’d worked out over the years to prevent us from both being lights out at the same time-- a misstep like that would probably mean we'd both be fired.
I say "system" when really we're just taking turns, every other day.  
Not that we write it down or anything.  The moment you start to set meeting-makers for the days of the week you plan to drink and pass out… that's probably a good time to just go ahead and chuck the calendar entirely.  Hell, you're not going to need it much longer anyhow.
Pavan had the world's worst poker face.  And, at that moment, it wasn't hard to read him.
I said, “You think I’m making this shit up?”
“No, no way—“
“Yeah, you do,” I said and banged the dash with the heel of my fist.  Next to us, some guy wearing a tie and Volvo drifted back and moved one lane over.  “God, man, you’re supposed to be my friend.”
“I am, Dex!”
“I just went through a seriously fucked-up, traumatic experience here.”
“I know,” he said.  “It just sounds…”
“What?  Sounds what?”
Flicking the smoldering cigarette butt out the window, he looked at me for a moment and then looked back to the road again.
“Well, you remember that dude the other night at the theater?  He was screaming in there and all that?”
“Sure," I said.  "Last night."
“Well, he was on something crazy.”
“Obviously.”  
Pavan did a shoulder-check, and I watched as he approached a semi-trailer.  Gunning the little Honda's engine, he wheeled around and passed it.  
It took me a moment to realize what my friend was saying.
“Wait a minute… You think I took that guy’s stash and ended up swimming half naked in the Fulton Quarry?”
Every now and then, people with no place to go, go to the movies.  It's cheap rent for a seat in a temperature-controlled room, no one talks too much and, if you're lucky, something halfway decent is up on the screen.    
The previous night, this one guy shows up and an hour into his movie, he stands on the seat backs, straddling two rows and screams, “Be excellent to each other!” and “Party on, dude!” from the movie Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure.  
I have no idea why he was yelling that.  He wasn’t even watching that movie.  Mainly because it came out in 1989.  
But, some movies… they touch people, move people, change their lives.  We hold them dear and even retreat into them, a safe place, when we're at our lowest.
However, no one has ever found solace within a Keanu Reeves movie.  Not even Keanu Reeves.
This guy was obviously just really fucking high.
“Well, I mean, no way, man.  No, I don’t think you took his stuff, whatever he was on,” Pavan said.  “Did you?”
“NO!”
“Okay, I was—“
“I’m not one of your drug-addled buddies, man.  I’m a beer drinker, you know that.”  I turned slightly and put my back against the car door to face my friend. The small of my back where the toolbox had nailed me still hurt.  “Everything I told you about tonight happened.”
He shook his head like he was trying to stop a small bug from landing on his face.  The Honda wove slightly as he did, but we didn't veer into anyone.  Thankfully, northbound traffic was light—all the morning commuters were heading south into Atlanta.
After a full minute, Pavan finally spoke: “Why?  Why’d this guy single you out for all this weird crap?”
I didn’t have an answer.  It was something I’d been thinking about for the last hour or so, sitting and shivering, waiting for Pavan.  No idea.
“You said he gave you riddles and shit?”
“No, not riddles.  Facts, like… notes.  He’d planned this night out, and he was giving me a little idea of what I was in for.”
“Why?”
“Dunno,” I said and grabbed a bent smoke from his pack.  I’m not a regular smoker but watching him, it started to look like a good idea.  “Maybe he was trying to spook me.”
“By giving you water trivia?”
“I have no idea,” I said and reached for the in-dash car lighter, but Pavan knocked my hand away.  
“Don’t do that.  Shorts out the electrical system and the car dies.”
I’d forgotten.  “Why don’t you take that little lighter knob out so nobody tries to use it?”
“Yeah but then little bits of things end up in there like sunflower seeds and wrappers and, I gotta dig in there and could electocut—“
“Okay, shut up, enough about that.  You're making my head spin.”
“Hey,” he said, and looked at me like I'd said something awful about Dashboard Jesus (I hadn't.  I wanted to, sure, but I hadn't.  Bad luck).
“Sorry man,” I said.  “I’m just really freaked out.”
“So, what’s all this stuff about the baker?  Why’d he ask you about the baker?  You think that old dude's in on this?  He don't look right, you ask me.  I'm not eatin' any of his crap anymore.”
"Yes, you will."
"Hell, yeah, I will!" Pavan said and smiled for the first time all morning.  "That guy's like a muffin magician or something.  Still, what was up with the baker stuff?"
I leaned forward and slipped a small lighter out of the console, then lit the cigarette. “That’s the part that really is throwing me because I don’t tell anyone about that stuff.  Not anymore.”
“What stuff?”
“Nothing bad, but when I was a kid… I developed, uh, what they call perfect audio-retention.”
“Yeah?  That’s like when you’re a neat-freak and shit, right?  All your socks lined up, pointing North in the drawer or something.”
“Not anal retentive, man, audio-retention.  Everything I hear…”
I looked out the window, trying to swallow the welling sadness a little, but only traded the dull, sour taste for a bubbling lump that had been tumbling around in my stomach all morning.
Still, I just stared out there.  We were getting farther and farther from the city.  The trees were starting to thicken, like a cold dog’s coat.  We'd be home soon.  
“I sort of can remember everything I hear.”
“Everything?”  He whispered.  “You remember being a baby?”
“No.”
“You remember what it sounds like being born?”
“No.  It came on just before my teens,” I said.  “But I remember conversations, television shows, awful high school musicals... all that stuff."
“You remember every single moment?  No way.  That's fucking nuts!"
The lump in my stomach found something down there, took it in, and grew a little.
“Mostly.  I've got a couple gaps.  But otherwise, yeah."
“What?  No way,” Pavan whispered.  “You’re like a genius or something then?  Like that Rain Man, dude.  Why didn't you never say anything about it?”
“I just don’t really use it much anymore,” I said.  “There’s no real need, right.  I work at a goddamn movie theater.”
"Hey."  
He pointed to the dash, and I apologized to Dashboard Jesus for the infraction.  Pavan let out a deep breath. 
“So… you remember everything you hear?”
I shrugged, lifting one shoulder.  All I wanted was to crawl under a blanket and succumb to the elixir of sleep.  However, even if I did see a blanket in Pavan’s car, I’d never use it.  Not even to warm myself during nuclear winter.
Pulling off the interstate, we sat behind a couple cars and waited for the light to change.
Pavan’s eyes then closed to slits, and he asked, “Okay, what was the first thing I ever said to you?”
I sucked in some of the smoke (maybe I could suffocate the stomach lump or, longer term goal, kill it with cancer) and spat the plume out the window.  “You said to me, ‘Hey man, you see a fat guy run past here with a wooden rolling pin and a bag full of film canisters?’”
“Okay, too easy,” he blurted.  
"Right."   
"Even I remember that.”  Pavan concentrated, pulling at his lip again.  I waited.  “Okay, I told you about my trip to Vegas, right?”
“Yeah, two years ago.”
“Okay, so what was the name—“
“Angelina.”
His mouth opened a little.  “Okay, how much—“
“The handout said three hundred but you found out that was just for starters, like some sort of 'Naked Lady cover-charge,' you called it.  Anything else would be extra, ‘tips,’ she told you and they started at five hundred, which you did not have."  More smoke tumbled out of my mouth, but I couldn't remember even taking another drag.  “So you paid her thirty-seven bucks-- all you had left after the three hundred-- for her to just stand there topless for three minutes while you pulled out your—“
“OKAY.”
“And while you were otherwise engaged, she stood there for the thirty-seven but ordered the new Tron movie with the hotel’s remote and, quote, 'just to screw me but not a for-real screwing,' she chose the All-Day movie pass-- which ended up costing you twenty-four ninety-five more-- and that sucked because you’d seen the film only the week before.”
Pavan went as quiet as I've ever seen him go.
He nearly melted into his seat, his arms sagged a little and his chin fell far enough to where the zipper on his hoodie was close to piercing the skin.  
Sometimes, he would zone out like that.  All the dope.  No joke, except for the minute or so it took him to roll up a joint just after waking up, I'd never seen him not high.  I’m convinced that if you scraped an ice cream scoop around the inside of his skull, you'd come up with a blob of resin the size of a bowling ball.  Without finger holes.
“Hey man, cut it out,” I said and pointed to the road through the windshield.  Behind us a guy laid on the horn, which did the trick.  He looked at me, then turned back to the road and shook his head real slow.
“Can’t believe you never told me about that,” he said.  “That’s just something people, you know, I think you tell other people about.  At least your friends.”
For whatever reason, he actually looked a bit hurt.  Like I’d lied to him.
I stared out the window again and we dropped into silence all the way back to my apartment.
"You want to have some beers later?"
"Sure," he said and grinned a bit.  One positive about all that dope-- too hard to hold a grudge if you've fried your short-term memory.
"Okay, cool."
"Hey," he said as I got out of his car.  "You never said where you went yesterday.  I covered for you and had Cheryl call the new guy in."
I looked up to my apartment window.  Dark.
"Huh?"
"Never mind, you don't want to tell me, so--"
"No, no.  What are you talking about?  I was with you yesterday, Pavan."
"Not yesterday.  Yesterday, you did your vanishing thing."
Stoners.
"The guy screaming in the theater," I said.  "That was last night.  Remember."
My friend shook his head.
"Two nights ago.  Last night, Anthony subbed in for you.  You didn't show.  I told everyone your Aunt died," he said.  "So look real sad and shit when you come in, okay?"
"Oh.  Sure."
"Get some sleep, Dexter," he said, and I watched his little Honda putter down the street, past the Marietta Square.
Two nights ago?
Before going up stairs, I walked a half block to the Australian bakery.  On the window, the owner, Mark, had written out his G'Day-ly Specials in white grease pencil.  It was Thursday.
Not for me, though.  In my world, it was still Wednesday.
"Jesus…"
That made sense.  In the van… I'd briefly seen daylight before plunging into the quarry lake.
"I… how?"
I stared at myself in the restaurant window.  Somehow, I'd lost a day.
"A whole day?  What..?" I said to my reflection in the dirty glass.  "What did he do to me?" 

THE SUN WAS UP and already a little angry.
All I wanted to do was sleep, but if I'm not crashed before dawn breaks it's just not happening. 
The coffee maker still had coffee in it from the day before.  Or, rather, the day before that, it seemed.
Nothing a quick ride in the microwave wouldn’t cure (or kill).
Waiting for the coffee to finish its ride on the radioactive merry-go-round, I turned and leaned against my stove, mindful of the Leaning Tower of Beer Cans on top of it.  
As I looked around, the room showed no signs of any struggle.  
The couch hadn't been upended, my orange crates weren't busted, the… well, that's really all there was to my living area.  
Hmm.  I pay for renters' insurance, for god's sake, I thought.
It was clear I needed to buy more stuff that could get smashed, and then subsequently replaced, to warrant that particular monthly expense.
Staring at the wood crates in my living room, I tried to imagine him sitting there.  
Had he been wearing gloves?  A jacket?
He must have been wearing shoes.  What kind were they?  Sneakers?  Classy but practical loafers?  Toms?
No.  Not Toms. 
With their One for One deal, could you imagine some kid in Africa getting that asshole's matching pair of Nautical Biminis?  "I treasure their reinforced canvas stitching and instep ventilation eyelets but, when I wear them, why do I loathe myself so?"
"Okay, okay.  I'm going to have to lie down," I said.  "Getting a bit loopy."
Lying on the couch, I tried to keep my eyes closed but instead could only stare at where he'd been sitting.
What had he looked like?
Each word spoken, every one, from the moment he turned the lock to the moment I blacked out, those I could remember.  But the imagery attached to those words was fleeting, ethereal.  
But, I did remember the teeth.  Perfect.  Those?  Yeah, I remembered those.
Giving up on sleep for the second time that morning, I went into my bedroom and traded the clothes on my body for the clothes on the floor.  
An old pair of jeans did nicely.  A knit shirt looked promising but it appeared to be stuck to a pair of my boxers-- don’t know which had stuck to which, but this unholy union pretty much disqualified both.  
After a half-minute more, a black t-shirt and jeans became my morning uniform.  
I had to stick with the same underwear and socks because I didn’t have anything fresh.  Besides, I swam through the water in the quarry so it was kinda like washing them.  The undies were actually still a little damp and unable to find some talc I seriously considered, only for a moment, the idea of throwing a handful of baking soda or even flour down there to soak up the moisture.  
Worried about diaper rash, but slightly more worried about the possibility of rolling up a twin set of baguettes in my undershorts, I decided against the flour.
My apartment is designed in what I often describe as “late forties, mob blood-bath cover up.”  The homestead on the square was, according to the bar manager downstairs who rents the space out, part of the original square.  Back when Marietta had been the “county seat” and cowpokes would meander into town to get things like flour and twine and gingham.  
Whatever it was, gingham was huge in those days.  Any story you read portraying that time, at some point someone's going in town for gingham.  Must've been like cowboy crack or something.
This apartment above the bar, as it was explained to me, did not host any gingham transactions.  It did, however, serve as a nice place for the beefy barmaid to drag surly barflies up for a quick roll in the proverbial hay.  Actually, I believe it was real hay.
That being said, the next several tenants, having learned the room had been host to the world’s oldest profession, quickly gave it the world’s newest coat of paint.  No one, it seemed, bothered to sand away any of the old paint lest they find, God forbid, some rustic wet spot.  
I've thought it through and estimated (only because I don’t have a television or computer and have to find other meaningless ways of filling the time) that over the years and multiple coats of paint, the apartment has probably lost more than a dozen cubic feet of space because of its thickening inner shell.
A delightful, yet unintended consequence of this is that one doesn’t need to use anchors when hanging photos or, say, concrete shelving—two inches of paint holds nails and thumbtacks equally secure.
At least, that was my assumption.  I'd never hung anything up in the apartment so didn't really know.
Living above a bar has many advantages.  First off, no drunk driving tickets.  Not one.  A notable contributor to that, of course: no car.  But no car means, also, no car payment and no car insurance.  And with a bar just downstairs, why would you need to drive anywhere?  Darts and flat beer are just fourteen rotting stairs away.

WICKED LESTER'S DOESN'T open until sometime after six in the evening, giving the soft wood and ancient upholstery a chance during the daylight hours to shake off the stains of liquor, sweat and sadness.  Each morning, seven days a week, an old man everyone calls “Jerry” sets up a wheel-carted mini-bakery in the bar’s recessed door front.  
Jerry won’t tell anyone his name because he’s an unlicensed confectioner, afraid he’ll be busted for illegally “dealing” pastries and muffins on the sidewalk.  
It’s doubtful the bar owner even knows Jerry is there each morning because the old fellah is too paranoid to hang around past nine.  However, there must be long, quiet evenings of reflection from the Lester’s bar staff over the great number of poppy seeds and rainbow sprinkles that, no matter how much they sweep away, more and more just accumulate by the next day.  
It must seem like either some sort of diabetes-inducing fairy dust or possibly the remnants of some alcoholic, yet incognito Keebler elf stumbling into the street after last call.
An old friend who crashed at my place for a week once asked me, “Why do you live in Marietta, Georgia of all places?”  The best I could come up with was, “I don’t want to live in Minneapolis.”  Which was although entirely true, a somewhat anemic explanation.  I guess I didn't really have an answer.
With a vague purpose to my morning, I rocketed down the stairs faster than I should have and nearly spilled my atomic coffee onto the paranoid baker.  
I got a bear claw from Jerry because, this sleepy, I felt like I was ten years old and a bear claw sounded cool.
“No elephant ear this morning?  You didn’t like it last time?”
“Elephant ear?  No, didn’t sit so well.  Came back on me last night.”
“Well, you know this is shit,” he said.  “I’ve told you that before.  You know you are eating shit, yes?”
“I know, Jerry.”
“Why do you eat so bad?” To emphasize his disgust with my culinary choice, he aggressively balled up the wax paper he’d used to hand me my pastry and threw it in a small trash can at his feet that I’ve never seen.  I only knew it was there because I’ve heard the soft metallic thump of its lid.
“I dunno, Jerry,” I said.  Frosting tumbled from my mouth like I had the mother of all cases of chapped lips after getting lost in the desert a week.  “If it’s so bad, why’d you sell it?”
“Hot seller.  Everyone loves the elephant ear.”
I stopped mid-bite.  “I thought this was a bar claw.”
“Sure, that’s what I meant.  Whatever animal part it is, people like it, so I sell it.”
Ah yes, the journeyman laborer of the “greatest” generation.  Witness their pride, their knowledge of craft and trade.  Drink deep, my friends.  We’ll miss them when they're gone, I’m told.
I handed over a couple bills and passed quickly by the well-manicured square where I used to do the crossword every morning.  These days, however, that's no longer a part of my morning routine.  The crossword, too often, led to catching the headline of some awful story on the front page.  And, obviously, the top stories are chosen by which one has the most arresting picture.  If there’s a story about some guy who pressed three of his neighbor’s Jack Russells into a blender and another about a local woman winning the Pulitzer, a snapshot of the Puppirita gets above the fold, every time.  Too depressing.
And crossword books are out of the question.  Anyone who carries around an entire BOOK of crosswords might as well shout, I don’t have friends and there’s a very good chance I suckle the blood of stolen newborns whilst I sleep to keep myself eternally young!
Not that I have many friends (nor suckle baby blood, for that matter).  Sure, there’s Pavan, but I don’t really get as close to people as I used to.  I may be dating Laura but we don’t go out on "dates."  We are there—as she bluntly put it one night—to meet each other’s basic needs.  
It’s like sustenance dating.
I only had a few blocks to walk but wasn’t in a terrible hurry.  Catching a glimpse of a bustle in the hedgerow, I waved at the Asian street person who’d been hanging around the square for nearly a year.  I’d never seen an Asian bum and was half convinced the “Marietta Football Widows” saw a movie or television show featuring snarky homeless people and decided that bringing one in might add some color to the neighborhood.
In my book, there’s nothing wrong with walking.  As I said, I had no car and liked it just fine that way.  Now, you might think my waistline would reflect my car-lessness, but a steady diet of grain beverages keeps those trendy toned muscles and six-pack abs at bay.
In my city, without a car and no ride, the only real choice was to walk. That's because the mass transit system in the Atlanta area is about as useful as a rainbow fright wig at a Klan rally.  
It seems the only place you can really get to is, strange enough, the bus depot.  All lines lead to the bus depot but, as far as I can tell, nowhere else you'd care to go.  I’m pretty convinced the only people that ride the bus are transit employees going to work.
Luckily, my walk was short because the Cobb County sheriff building is just a couple blocks off the Marietta Square.  Even though I’ve never been busted for anything, at least not in Georgia, it felt strange walking into the cops’ hive.  
After a few minutes inside, I noticed everyone just waits in line for the lady behind the glass, just like at the post office.  And just like the post office, some of these folks are armed.
The desk sergeant wasn’t happy to see me.  Her mood did not improve once I began to tell her my story.  Once I got to the part about waking up in the submerged van she held her hand up.
“Okay, enough.”
“There’s more,” I said, leaning my forehead against the glass.
“Yeah, I don’t want to hear it,” she said and motioned over to the wall where blue, plastic seats were linked together like huge, discarded ice cube trays.  Three chairs were occupied.  “A detective will be out in a while and call your name.”
“He’ll be able to help me?”
She looked me up and down and said, “He’s a cop, not a barber.”  
Next to her, an officer built like a fire hydrant with a gray military-style buzz cut laughed, looked up from the accordion file he was sifting through, and shook his head.
I asked him, “Is she always this nice?”
“Why’d you think she’s doing this job up here?”  The seated woman punched him lightly on the hip.  He plucked out a single sheet of paper and began walking to an open door at the rear.  “We’re too scared to have her back there.”
Two of the people sitting near me were filing complaints about their neighbor’s dog, as it was a bit of a night owl.  These guys lived on either side of Ol’ Yeller and, they told me at length, had been down here twice before.  Third time, the dog’s owner gets a fine.  Nice neighbors.  If I’d had a dog next door it would have gone ape-shit when the black ninja came to visit me; seems a fair trade to give up a few sleepless nights to not end up in a cargo van at the bottom of a lake.  These guys had no idea how good they had it.
The third person, an older woman, said something about Jay Leno having a wicked mind and blue sense of humor, and she wanted to see about getting Johnny Carson back on television.  She thought maybe the proper authorities could help that along.  After explaining to her I was pretty sure Johnny was dead, she said that would still be an improvement over Leno.  Couldn’t really argue with that.
After about twenty minutes, I heard my name.  Looking up, I saw Detective Firehydrant, again.  Strangely, this time he’d come from the opposite end of the building… and since there was glass on both sides of the waiting room—one side looking out to the parking lot, the other to a small garden atrium— I had no idea how he’d gotten over there.  Cop voodoo.
The two anti-doggites had been called but the Leno woman was still there as I walked away.  I wished her luck but had a feeling she’d be waiting for a while.  Too bad because I was pulling for her.
Detective Clower told me he was a CAPers detective, Crime Against Persons, as he wound me around through clusters of cubicles. I was surprised, for some reason, to see cops have knickknacks and pictures at their desks like everyone else.  A glass-encased memorial laden with metals and a badge was on the far wall, a modest shrine for a cop who’d worked there.  This being Marietta, though, he probably went down in some squabble over baked goods or off-day water usage. 
I’d gone over the previous evening in my head a couple times, yet as I told Clower my story, halfway through he stopped taking notes.  That made me a little nervous, so after about a minute I skipped some of the dramatic detail and got to the end as quickly as I could.  Looking back now, I think this was probably what he’d hoped to accomplish anyhow when he’d put his pen down.  Cop voodoo.
“Dexter, what’s your last name?”
I eyed him and crossed my arms.  “Why?”
“For the police report, you can’t fill out a report without your name, man.”  It was odd to hear a cop say ‘man.’  “What’s your last name?”
“Daisy.”
He started tapping away on his keyboard then stopped.  Leaning back in his chair, he put the edge of his thumb to the corner of his eye and gave it a good rubbing while he seemed to mull over that one.
“Dexter.”
“Yeah.”
“Dexter Daisy.”
“Detective, trust me when I say if I had the money, I’d have changed it a long time ago.”
Stone-faced, he said, “That one might be worth picking up a paper route.”  
Leaning forward, he banged away, hard, on the keyboard.  He obviously had learned to type on an old manual typewriter or maybe got typing lessons from a family of masons.  Guy must go through a keyboard a week.
“They found the van, by the way,” he finally said.  “Dredged it up.”
“How’d they…” I started, and then said:  “Oh.  The homeless guy I talked to must’ve said something.”
Clower didn’t look at me.  “He wasn’t homeless.  Neighborhood watch.”
“He was drinking out of a bag, detective.”
“If you did neighborhood watch in downtown Atlanta, you'd be drinking out of a bag, too.”
He had a point.
Spinning the computer screen toward me, he pointed to a digital photo of a white cargo van.  The cement around it was darkened by quarry water, and the wheels were mucked with black, oily silt.  Chains dangled from its grill like a dog’s broken muzzle.
“That the van?”
I studied the picture.  “I don’t know.  I was just inside.”
“With the pen.”
“Yes, with the pen.”
For a moment, the only things that moved on his doughy face were his eyelids.  Then, he said: "Can I see the pen?"
Shit.
"Uh, you don't have one of your own?  Doesn't each day only start after you've been handed a pen and your bullet?"
He spun the screen back toward himself and resumed punishing the defenseless keyboard.  
"No pen."
"I was, you know, swimming up and up and--"
"No pen."
"Dropped it."
For the next few minutes, he worked the computer.  Occasionally, he’d stop to read the screen for a moment, and I wondered if he was going over what’d he just typed or checking the Braves’ box scores.  Atlanta was playing an afternoon game against Philly, the only team ahead of them in the division.
I couldn’t watch the games without a tube at home, but I’d rather listen to it on the radio any day.  If you close your eyes, you feel like you’re actually there… except the price is better and there's far less drunks.
Another detective came over, handed a file to Clower and said something which, amazingly, I couldn’t hear.  I was three feet from the guy and couldn’t catch it.  Must be some cop language they teach them at the academy.  Or— Cop.  Voo.  Doo.
The other detective flashed a blank smile at me as he left, and I noticed his teeth were the color of the water third-graders rinse paintbrushes in.  Either too much coffee or not enough milk.
“Your visitor, this African-American male--” 
“Black guy,” I interrupted.  “Dunno if he was from Africa.”
The cop slowly blinked and when his eyes came open, they were looking at me in a way that affected my heart rate.  I decided to just listen for a while.
“Can you describe him in any way?  Tattoos?”
“No.”
“Piercings?”
“We never got that friendly.”
Clower sucked in a breath and blew it at the computer screen.  “You know, for a guy who says he was a breast stroke away from death, you’re taking it pretty good, Mr. Daisy.”
Mr. Daisy.  Thanks for that.
“Sorry.  I joke when I'm nervous.”
“Well, I'll have to keep an eye out for that.”
I looked at him and couldn’t help but smile because he kinda nailed me.  Eventually, he returned the smile and the mood lightened.
The detective continued: “You recognize him, this guy you say knocked you out?”
“Nope, never seen him around.”
“Is there anybody you know that would do something like this?  It's kind of… elaborate."
"No."
"Made any enemies recently?”
I crushed my shoulder blades together trying to get my back to crack because it was really killing me sitting in the metal chair.  “Detective, I don’t have the first clue who he was or what any of that was about.”
“Were you drinking last night, Mr. Daisy?”
“Okay, enough with the Mr. Daisy stuff, Matlock,” I said and he put his hands up, surrendering.  “Yeah, of course, I’d been drinking but I wasn’t outta my mind.”
“You sure?”
“Yep.”
Clower opened the file Sgt. PaintwaterTeeth gave him, glanced at it, and then punched at the keys for a couple minutes more.
“Is there a reason why you didn’t call us right away from where the reported incident took place?  You called your friend for a ride but didn't call us.”  
He looked at me as if he’d just asked the name of my three previous employers, but I knew this was the point that bothered him most.  The truth was I didn’t know why, other than I'd nearly died and at the time wanted nothing more than to go home and just forget it happened.    
I'd built a life that delivered no surprises.  When that one came, I'd been out of practice, ill-equipped to deal.  
Detective Clower watched me for a moment, and I was suddenly hit with the irrational fear that he was about to leap over the desk, slap on the cuffs, then lock me up.
Suddenly, I was anxious to just leave.  
I said, “I don’t know if there are prints or fibers or DNA or anything in the van but maybe you guys could be checking that?”
“What for?”
“To get the name of the guy,” I said, shifting in my chair.  “This scared the hell out of me, and he's still out there.  The guy just about killed me!”
“I understand how you’d be afraid.”
“Afraid?  Man, I was… I was terrified.  In my own home, I was terrified.”
I stood up because the chair was killing me and I needed to stretch.  Then, I walked to the window next to his desk and leaned against it, stretching my arms upward.  
“I don’t cause any problems.  You checked me out, for sure, and there’s nothing there.  I’ve settled into a nice everyday routine: I pay my bills, I don’t litter, sometimes I give the bum in the square quarters, and I’m usually on time for work.”
“Dexter—“
“Then, last night I come home, and I’ve got Ninja Alex Trebek who drugs me, puts me in a van and sinks me in a quarry,” I said, pulling away from the window.  My hands were shaking.  “And he knows things about me, my past, and I don’t, for the life of me, have any idea how or why.”  I flopped back into the chair and leaned forward.  “I don’t bother anybody.  I don’t need anybody bothering me.”
“Okay, I hear ya,” Clower said and nodded.
Suddenly, I was struck with an idea.  “Hey, maybe you can run the plate or the VIN number or something and see if it’s registered to this guy?  I mean, if we can’t get prints or anything off—“
“Yeah, we did that.”
“Okay, cool.  Well that’s a start.”
“Yeah, sorta.”
“Can you tell me the guy’s name?  Maybe I’ve heard it around, recognize it.”  Truth was I wanted the prick’s name because I had an idea of how best to use it.  Not the sort of thing Detective Clower would like hearing about, however.
"Sure."
Again, he spun the computer monitor my direction.  I recognized the face on the screen instantly, but it didn’t seem possible.
“We ran the plate,” he said.  “Says here the owner is you, Mr. Daisy.”
Staring at my own face on the screen, for the moment, I forgot all about the metal chair and the shooting pains in my back. 

~~~



Chapter Three

The two men watched as the other looked up from a handful of notes he'd taken.  Both, independently, wondered how the Scotsman could write so tiny into the little book, no bigger than his palm.  
As the gray man (they were all gray men, the seated man if just slightly more) read back what he wrote, the tremor of his hand brushed the book through the air in small circles, as if keeping beat to music too low for anyone else to hear.
When he looked up at them, he said, "You needed me here f' this?  There's little here!  Nuh-thing!"
"I beg your pardon that is not nothing.  It's--"
"It's a beginning," the shorter man chimed in.  The old Scot had only joined the Group a few years earlier-- following a sudden vacancy-- but, while the short man prayed (oh god, he prayed) they were successful in their singular task, he quietly hoped the Scot was dead before that happened.  "It's the beginning."
"Fine.  Fine then, go and start the inquiry process," the Scotsman said.  There's little time--"
"Good Christ, no.  You must be joking."
"It's just the beginning."
"More than anything, we have to be delicate.  This is it.  This is our shot," this other man said and wiped his lower lip with the flat of a thumb.  "Our last shot."
"Why d'you need me, then?  Why call me down into your wee shit-pit, here?"
So crass.  "We need approval to expand our consultant's… latitude for gathering the necessary, uh, research," the short man said and smiled.  "Needs just a three."
"Latitude?"  The Scot whispered something under his breath that sounded like either a curse or a prayer.  "Latitude needs full consideration.  The full Group.  All eleven, no?  We can't take it upon ourselv--"
"Now, you want to delay?"  The short man said, adding a weak smile.
"I don’t wan' this biting me if your man takes too much latitude!"
"It only requires three."
"It's just the beginning.  These protocols were established long before you joined the group, sir.  Long before any of us did.  A Three Vote is all that's needed to move through the minor transitions.  Otherwise, we would committee ourselves until our deaths."  He chuckled and pulled gently at an ear lobe, a soothing gesture.  "Then, the beneficiaries would not be any of us but rather some later Group.  This is just a minor transition."
"We just need three."
 A single nod from the Scot.  He waved a hand.  "Aye, then.  Sure.  Yes.  Get on with it."
"Approved, then."
"How much longer is this all going t' take?"
A shrug from the short man.  "As long as it needs to, but not too long," he said.  "It's the beginning.  Finally, it's the beginning of the end." 

~~~



Chapter Four

“Maybe it’s a present,” Pavan said, lifting a collection of nacho cheese and popcorn from the plastic tray with two curled fingers, and pressing it into his mouth.  The theater was dead at the moment, between shows.
I guess you could call Pavan a good guy: pretty honest, never stiffs you with the bar tab and is often infected with this type of unbridled optimism.  It’s good to have those kinds of people around to lift the spirits.  Unless you’re in no mood for spirit lifting.
At the theater, Pavan and I joke that we are slaves to the "dots."  Beneath the stairs leading to the second floor is a panel up on the wall.  The panel has two horizontal rows of small bulbs.  Each vertical pair of "dots" represented one of the movie houses.  A yellow on top, a red on the bottom.
At that moment two yellows and a red were glowing.  
One movie had just started rolling the credits and people were starting to leave.  For the other one-- with the yellow and red-- the credits had rolled, movie’s over, lights are up full.
The new guys leap at the yellow dots-- weaving in between exiting patrons to pick up the trash.  
Me and Pavan wait for the red dots.
And, then, usually a little longer than that.
I hadn't slept much that afternoon and was still recovering from my previous night.  Back hurt, chest hurt.  The gash on my hairline was small but still stung a little.
We stared at the bulky rectangular panel hidden under the stairwell.  It looked like something Spock might have poked at on one of those early low-budget days of the original Star Trek.
Me, I wanted to crawl under the stairwell and sleep, but it was too early yet.  Pavan was going on and on about the van.
"Seriously, you go down to the cops in Fulton County and flash them your I.D. and they gotta give you the van, right?”  His floppy hair was dancing like sea oats in a summer storm.  “That detective said it was in your—“
“I don’t drive.  What do I want a van for?”
“Then sell it on eBay or something!”  Pavan had shoveled in another clawful of fake cheese and popcorn.  I wanted to look away from the horror show he was putting on but couldn't.
“You know what's in that goo?”  I said frowning, not because I was angry, but because I was trying to hold back the nausea.  He was hideous.
He stopped chewing, made an orange letter “O” for a mouth, then he said, “Dude, don’t tell me.”
“Well, just know there’s no cheese in that cheese,” I said and nodded to theater seven.  “Judi Dench film is out.”
"Yep," Pavan said. "I need to be mentally prepared for anything here."
Old people don’t buy stuff at the candy counter. They sneak in way more crap than kids do.  Two months earlier, I'd gone into one of those chatty Kenneth Branagh films that old folks love and came out with the T-bone of a T-bone steak.  Who sneaks a steak into a theater?  
The T-bone was now hanging up in the maintenance closet and used to open import beer bottles.
We walked slowly toward a sea of gray people.
“Listen, I know you’re all weirded out because that dude did all the stuff to you…” he stopped and suddenly shivered.  “Dude, he knocked you out, right?  While you were in dreamland, maybe he did some weird sex stuff—WHOA!”
I’m not a violent person but at the moment I had Pavan by the collar.  His feet were dangling off the ground, his back pressed against a Coming Soon poster of a movie's remake I purposely avoided the first time around.  
I wasn’t angry at Pavan.  
Well, okay, I was kinda pissed about the implication the Black Knight might have finger diddled me in my sleep but, really, it was more about feeling I’d lost control of what had been a very controlled life.
Some old woman nearby said something, but I didn’t hear her words.  Just her tone.
Embarrassed, the fire in my eyes drew back to a flicker, and I turned away from my friend, slowly lowering his feet back down to the carpet.  I felt more stupid with each passing second.
“Hey man,” he said, shaking just a little.  “I got some little green monsters in the ice machine.  Why don’t you just take five and have one.  I got the Dench film.”
As I tried to straighten his polyester vest, I saw that my little psycho Charles Bronson move had smashed the tray of cheese and popcorn into his stomach.  He looked a little like one of the victims in the first Alien movie.
“Aw, Pavan,” I said, suddenly my voice bubbling with more emotion than I’d expected.  “I’m sorry, man.”
“It’s all right.”
“No, it’s not.”
“Don’t worry about it,” he said, walking toward where all the old ladies were coming out, some dragging old men who looked like they’d been given a prostate exam by a Bengal tiger.  “I got this one.  Not like there’s any soda cups or popcorn bins in there anyhow.”
“Yeah, I know.  Dench film.”
“Sure, just a lot of empty plastic baggies and shit.  Kleenex and stuff.”
I nodded, avoiding his eyes.  
Not knowing what to do next, I just took Pavan’s advice and headed toward the Heinekens in the ice machine.
“Hey, Dex,” he called down the hall and I turned.  He looked so small that far away, and I felt even shittier for grabbing him.  Some best friend I was. 
"Yeah?"
 “You know we really should go down and get your van.”
I nodded.  “Okay, man.”
“Because, if nothing else, we get my cousin to run the VIN; see who had it before you did.  Even though, you know, you didn't.”
“Yeah?”
“Sure.  Maybe that person remembers selling to your ninja guy.  Might have a name or something.”
I stopped in my tracks and thought about that for a moment.  Then, I turned back toward the theater where Pavan was standing, suddenly not willing to dump it all on my friend.  
“Goddamn Perry Mason, that’s a hell of an idea.”
“Yeah,” he said, his mop of a head swaying a little.  “I thought so.”

AFTER WORK, I HAD no intention of sleeping at my pad, but I couldn’t go another day without fresh clothes.  
There’s a level of stink, and I was close to it, that goes beyond rank.  The sort of smell that makes old people weep and newborns curse under their breath.
Detective Clower had asked if I wanted to file a report about what happened but, I thought, what was the point?  The cop didn’t seem to really believe me, and I wasn’t one to go crying every time somebody pissed in my Wheaties anyhow.  Maybe it was a one shot deal.
Yeah, I didn’t believe it either.
Clower had given me a card with a work and cell number, and I was going to call him up to see what it would take to get the van.   But it was after eleven.  It could wait until morning.  
After finishing up at the theater, we walked the three blocks back to my apartment.  Then Pavan and I hung down at the Marietta Square for a half hour, staring up at the windows above Wicked Lester’s.  We sipped a couple warm beers from the stash he always kept in the trunk of his car.
“You think he’s coming back?”
I looked at Pavan, shrugged.  Two couples that looked like they’d just left the theatre—not the movie theater, but the live theatre on South Park, just off the square—were sitting on the edge of the fountain.  I couldn’t hear them talking, but for my own benefit I imagined they were negotiating the terms of a  wife swapping and that helped me forget about the possible terror waiting for me in my apartment.
Pavan belched, grimaced, and smacked his lips.
“Man, let’s just go up there.” 
“Yeah, you first, Batman.”
Watching the couples, laughing together like normal people, I tried to put myself in that scene.  Couldn't.  Not anymore.
"What's that like? Your hearing thing."  Pavan asked out of the blue.  Knowing him as well as I do, it must've been hard for him not to ask before that moment.  
"I dunno.  Mostly, I don't know what it's not like, right?  I mean, it's sorta always there.  Like some movie or TV show I just watched and think about every now and then."
"You don't have no TV."  
I laughed.  "Yeah, maybe I should get one.  I need some new shows in my head, maybe."
"So…" he said, and I felt bad he was struggling.
"Listen, go ahead.  I'm fine with talking about it to you," I said.  "I'm sorry, man.  I shoulda said something.  You're my best friend and, you know… I just shoulda said something."
"Yeah, fucker.  I could have used you for phone numbers and shit that I’m always losing."  He laughed.  "So, you remember it all at once then, like all these voices in your head?  That would be crazy!  It'd be like waiting for a concert at the Georgia Dome, right, but the band never ever plays!  Just the crowd blah blah blah all the time."
"No, not like that."
"Good 'cause that would be horrible!  All that blah blah blah blah blah!"
I turned to my friend and said, "Just how high are you?"
"What?"  He smiled.  "Just a little bit."
"Okay, just checking," I said.  "It's… it's like there's index cards of the stuff I've heard and I just… go to them."
"Insects cards?  Whoa, I couldn't handle that--"
"Not insects car--"
"All buzzy buzzy and shit in your head, Christ, how do you--"
"NO, man.  In-dex cards.  Little cards you write stuff down on.  Like filing it away."
Pavan nodded, blinked.  "You know, I'm not a big filing guy."
"Really?"
“Yeah, I have my secretary take care of that shit for me,” he said and tossed his empty beer can at the trash, nearly beaning a squirrel that had been balancing on the can.  Clay St. Claire, the Marietta Square bum, popped out from behind the bushes.
“Hey guys,” he said, eyeing the can in the trash.  “You got anymore of those?”
“Yeah,” Pavan said.  “I’ll have another in about ten minutes.  You wait there I’ll toss it to you.”
“No, not empty ones.”
I said, “You can’t give hobos beer, Clay.  We'd be breaking the law.”
“True.”  Pavan nodded, took a swig.
“And we can’t give you dough for beer because that’s panhandling.  You’d be breaking the law.”
“Also true.”
“But if you take those empties and trade them in for cash, well, our trash goes down, the environment gets a break and after a couple days you get your beer.”
“Whatever happened to charity?  The humble act of giving to your fellow man,” Hobo Clay said and held his arms wide in a dramatic gesture.  “What would Mother Teresa say?”
“If Mother Teresa was alive today…” Pavan scratched his mop of hair with his beer can, “she’d probably say something like ‘motherfucker get me outta this casket.’"
"Oh, damn."
"Yeah, probably something like that.”
I laughed so hard I thought beer would shoot out my nose but it didn’t, which is good because it’d surely burn like hell and would be a terrible waste of beer.
Clay yanked on the lapels of his dark, dirty coat, shot Pavan a look and stumbled back into the darkness.
"So you've got your entire life on little cards which you can pluck out anytime you need 'em?"
"Well, yeah," I said and finished by beer, then added: "No, well, not all of it.  There's some blank cards, right?  I don't remember every single moment.  And I lost a big chunk of time after the accident because of, you know, head trauma."
"Yow, man.  Sorry."
"And, I don't remember so much after drinking a lot," I said and popped open another beer.  "Mucks up the synapses."
Pavan leaned over and offered the side of his beer can, "Well cheers to that, then, Dexter."
I clinked his can.
"Explains why you drink all the time.  I wouldn't want to remember half the shit people have said to me either."
The beer can stopped at my bottom lip and hung there.  I held it there for a moment, thinking about what my friend had just said.  Brilliant.  And, me, I think I’m so goddamn smart.  Brilliant.
"Hey man," Pavan said, probably worried that I’d gone a bit quiet.  "Hey man, I’m sorry I didn't mean to say that if it bugged ya.  You don't drink so much.  You're good, dude."
I took a sip.  "Nah, it's fine."
Pavan exhaled a huge breath.  "Okay.  Just forget I said that."
Couldn't help it, I just laughed.
"Oh fuck-oh-fuck, I'm a dick.  Sorry, dude, seriously, I didn't mean, you know that you would because, or, anything just--"
"It's okay.  Funniest damn thing I've heard in weeks."
One of the women I’d seen earlier by the fountain laughed, too, engrossed in her own conversation.  When she did, she tossed her head back like some movie star in a shampoo commercial.  
Yep.  This was a group effort thing.  
Me, I’ve never had group sex.  I’m lucky for those rare times Laura has a lapse of judgment and spends the night.  My version of a three-way, unfortunately, is when I’m by myself but I get tired and switch hands.
“We just can’t sit out here and drink warm beer all night staring at your apartment, man.”
“Fine, fine.  I just wanna make sure he’s not up there waiting.”
“What do you think he’s got against you?”
I said, “I dunno.  Don’t have the first clue.”  I stood and stretched my legs, took the first tentative steps toward my apartment.  Lester’s was pretty quiet, a weeknight, so my plan was to put an ear up to my door at the top of the steps and listen for a while.  Just to be sure.
Pavan trailed right behind me as we crossed the street to the door that led to my stairs.  I yanked on the dirty brass knob and we were inside.
No thumping through the walls this time but, to be honest, I wouldn’t have minded it because at least it would have drowned out the sound of my own heartbeat.  I could feel it too, up in my throat, and I tried hard to swallow it back down.
The afternoon had been hot and that always cooks up a fetid beer smell in the stairwell.  My gut was already doing flip-flops trying to digest my own fear.  The warm, gut-rot of week-old Old Milwaukee wasn’t helping.
The top three steps always creek, so I took a big step over them and sided up to my door.  I wondered for a second if they’d made noise the previous night but with the bar downstairs hopping as it was, I never heard a thing.  
Pavan stopped a couple stairs down, and I glared at him.
I whispered, “Man, I thought you were in on this with me.”
“Yeah,” he whispered back.  “But I got little legs, man.  I can’t do that Plasticman stretch you just did over your squeaky stairs.”
He had a point.  I thought for a second and decided this might actually work out for the best.
“Okay, I’ll point at you, and you start running for the door, then I’ll fling it open,” I whispered, mouthing each word slowly.  “Be in a half step behind you.”
Pavan’s hair wagged, his face less convinced than his coif.  I turned back to the door and put my hand on the knob.  Raising my arm, I held up three fingers, and then counted down.
When I got to one, I gave him the point and twisted the knob.  It twisted easily and I gave it a push, but it didn’t open.
“Abort!” 
Pavan’s hair flopped at the door as he stopped one step back, his hands clawing at the walls, desperately trying not to go ass over teakettle down my rickety stairs.
“What the fuck, man?” he hoarse whispered at me.  
“Locked.”
Once we got the door open, I flipped on the light next to the entryway and the kitchen glowed dingy yellow.  
The corners of my apartment were dark as black holes as the two of us stood at the threshold, surveying the lay of the land.  With my left hand I reached out and grabbed two empty beer cans from the top of my stove and felt only slightly more confident now I was armed.
I took the first step forward and Pavan was elbow to shoulder with me.  From the door to the living area, where my couch is, there’s a short wall there and it makes for a truncated hallway.  We both headed toward the couch, keeping an eye on the swirls in the shadows.
No one was sitting on the orange crates this time.  I looked at the couch and saw no one there, too.
“Okay.” I let out the breath I’d been holding and lowered my beer cans.
"What the hell are you doing?”
Like Drunken Master Bruce Lee, I spun down to one knee, launching my beer cans in the direction of the voice as if they were throwing stars.  Both of them sailed harmlessly over Laura’s shoulder, and she just stared.
“Dexter?  What’re doing?”
“Nothing, sweetie,” I said and faked a smile.  “I didn’t know you’d be over tonight.”
Dressed in her nightshirt with the stain that suddenly reminded me of the structure of some metal carbonyl cluster I'd had to memorize for a midterm years ago, she crossed her arms over her chest and plopped on the couch.  
Pavan was looking a little too hard at her.  I’d never known the guy to have a girlfriend.  I got the feeling he was recording the image for later use and that earned him a flick on the ear.
“Ow, asshole,” he said but didn’t look at me.
Then, for a brief moment, something struck me.  The stain on Laura’s shirt, I’d seen a dozen times but this time it reminded me of something I’d studied in college.
Those years, those memories, I’d lost them after the accident.  
I was told it was "retrograde amnesia."  And I'd said at the time that sounded like something Meredith Baxter-Birney would have on any number of various Lifetime network made-for-TV movies.
After the crash, my head was bashed up pretty good.  Those memories, I was told, were probably lost for good.  Yet, here was an image bubbling up from the void.  Strange.
I sat on the orange crates, looked down at Laura.  This is how the guy had been looking at me.  She glared back at me, eyes burning a hole in my head.
“You going to tell me why you’re sneaking in your own apartment?”
“I had an intruder the other night,” I said, leaning to the right and peeking out the living room window.  “Just making sure—“
“Hell, you could have told me.”
“I didn’t want to worry you, babe,” I said.
“Yeah, but you let me walk right into your place after somebody breaks in?  What if he came back?”
“Oh,” I said, crossing my arms.  “I’m sure he’s long gone.”
“Yeah?  So, why did you two piss yourselves when I came in the room?"
Pavan went to the fridge and nabbed a cold Bud.  He held one up, and I shook him off.  I wanted one but I was going to see if he started getting groggy in the next couple minutes before I indulged.
Sue me.  
Hell, he'd probably enjoy the light show.
As Laura looked around the room, her short bleached hair looked like a meringue pie on a spinner at a bakery.  “Who would break in here?  You don’t have anything to steal.”
“Maybe he didn’t know that.”
“I still wish you would have said something.”
“You worried about me?  I can handle myself.”  
Pavan looked okay, so I got up and crossed into the kitchen.  I grabbed a beer from the back of the fridge, on the right.
“No, I wouldn’t have been so casual about opening the door for your landlord to dig around under the sink if I'd known somebody had broken in here.”
My kitchen sink leaks and always has.  The landlord is too cheap to get a plumber so he knocks ten bucks off my rent if I don’t use the kitchen sink.  I have a tube sock on the faucet held fast with a rubber band so I don’t forget.
“Why was he here?  You didn’t turn the sink on, did you?”  I said and looked in the basin.  
There’s a breach in one of the pipes, and the water drips behind the wall between my place and the bar.  The water attracts roaches, some of which eventually die.  That attracts rats, which eat the dead roaches and then stray cats that go after the rats.  
The landlord hates cats.
“What’d Angelo say?  Was he pissed?”
“No, the other guy.  He seemed okay about it,” she said, sitting up, and then settling her rump onto her feet, arms draped over the back of the couch.  From where I was, I could peek straight down her nightshirt, and it was the nicest thing that had happened to me all day.  Women have no idea the true power they have over us men.
After flicking Pavan’s ear (“Ow, asshole”), I started to walk toward the couch, tired.  Then it finally registered.
“What other guy?”
Yeah, I know.  Friggin’ Kojak, that’s me.
She lifted her shoulders.  “Nice guy, must have apologized a hundred times for barging in.”  Spreading her arms and stretching like a cat, she scooted to the edge of the couch and said, “Still, I had my mace in my hand, in my pocket.  Can’t be too trusting.”
I looked at Pavan, and he quickly covered his ear.  Then, I raised my eyebrows and looked toward the orange crates.  He looked at the orange crates and then he raised his eyebrows.  He had no idea what I was trying to tell him.
“This new guy, how’d you know it was the landlord?”
“How'd I know?  You mean other than he had a key for your apartment, a tool belt around his waist and wanted to fix the sink?  He told me.”
“Oh yeah, that guy.”  I nodded.  “Looks like a black ninja, right?”
Laura laughed, hopped up from the couch and shuffled toward my bedroom.  “I don’t know about the ninja part,” she said and stopped at the door, leaning on the thick paint of the molding.  Whoa, I loved her calves.  When she shaved her legs, I really loved her calves.  When she didn't, I still did.
She added: “He had really great teeth.”
Yeah, I knew those teeth.
Pavan looked at me and shook his head slowly.  “You coming?”
“Where?”
“Not here,” he said, padding toward the door.  “You said you didn’t want to stay here tonight.”  I turned and watched Laura walk into the bedroom, her body slipping into the velvet darkness.  He said in the hoarse whisper:  “Man, that guy was here again, right?” 
“Yeah, I gotta check under the sink.  Wonder what he was doing under there?  Maybe he put some sort of…” I said and popped open the cabinet.  A moment later, the room was suddenly split with the sound of buzzing and I lifted my head out from under the sink. “Yep, looks fine under there.”
“How can you see?  You need a flashlight,” he said and started rummaging through my junk drawers.
“Nah, I’m cool,” I said, my eyes flashing toward the bedroom.  “You head home.  I’ll call you in the morning.”
“Dude, he might have put something—“
“Listen Pavan,” I said pushing him toward the door. “If I don’t get in there within the minute, she’ll be done before I can get undressed.”  Opening the door to my apartment, I pushed him out.  “I’ll call you tomorrow.”  He craned his neck, trying to look around me as I closed the door and locked it.
I caught sight of the sink and stopped.  What had he been up to down there?  
Then, I heard the first loud sigh from my bedroom and realized it could wait.

THE NEXT MORNING, I tried to roll over but my body was sore and that thought made me smile a little.  
I craned my neck up and looked out the window, upside down— it was barely dawn.  The sky was slashed along its edge, and a hazy orange glow bled through the wound.  
Next to me in the dark, Laura lay motionless, deep in sleep.  I closed my eyes again and tried to join her.
“What a waste of the day.”
My eyes popped back open.  
Had I fallen asleep so fast?  Dreaming?  
Sure, possible.
“I mean, Dex, you’re already awake.  You should go for a run, maybe.”
But not likely.
Lifting my head, I saw the black man sitting on my dresser across the room.  The light was very dim, but I could see that his feet hovered a few inches above the floor.
“You could stand to lose about twenty-five, thirty pounds.”
Looking over at Laura, I was surprised when she hadn't woken up.  Maybe it was just a dream?  
I squinted, trying to draw his features out of the darkness.
“Don’t worry about your girl there, Dex,” he said and slid off of the dresser to the hardwood floor.  He made no sound.
The way he walked, like a predator or a big jungle cat, was smooth and precise.  That slow, aggressive motion instantly put me in a full-boil panic. 
I shuffled toward the headboard and leaned back up on my elbows. In an instant, my mouth had gone dry.  Not wanting him to see how scared I was, I forced an angry face.
“You drugged her, you crazy fuck?”
“And, I would suggest you start reading again,” he said, twirling something between his fingers.  “Your vocabulary is suffering.”
As if he held the reins of both darkness and light in either of his gloved hands, something flashed in front of his belly.  
My body started to hum as my panic began to transform into something more useful: rage.
This time, I wasn’t going down without a fight.  
I looked around the room for a weapon.  Any weapon.
In the dim light, I saw Laura’s “Pocket Rocket” vibrator poking through the folds of the duvet.  
Not ideal.
I’d certainly never get close enough to him to use it and would need at least two or three minutes, if experience were any guide, before it had any sort of brief, debilitating effect.
Had to find something heavy.  Or sharp.
I went to stand, pushing the covers off my body, but my visitor shook his head and gave me a tsk-tsk-tsk.
“No, no,” he said.  “This would be easier for both of us if you didn’t move.”
“What if I don’t want it to be easy?” I shouted, in part because I had hoped it might wake up Laura.  I could have used the backup.
He moved around the room so fast, I lost sight of him and covered my head to protect it from a blow.  He chuckled from a dark corner.  We both knew how this was going to end.
“What do you want from me?”
“Dex, I don’t want anything from you,” he said, his voice smooth, even playful.  “Just a man putting in a hard day's work.”
“What?”
“Listen, now.  Air velocity can be judged by relative objects on the ground—“
Oh.  Damn.
“—but don’t rely on their size as any sort of barometer because often you don’t know their size.  Instead estimate their distance and use static objects for your computations.”
I screamed at him: “Man, I don’t need this!” 
“You understand the Archimedes' principle, and you’ll need that if you want to survive.  Also, the emotional response will be a problem.   Your instincts… you’ll have to fight that because that would be your downfall,” he said and I could see movement in the corner of the room, flashing again.  Terrified, I pressed my back against the headboard and craned my neck, trying to see down into the square below me.
“Goddamn it, help me!”  
No one was down there this early in the morning, and mine was the only apartment on the block.  
Despite my yelling, Laura hadn’t stirred, and I was sincerely worried about what he’d done to her.
“You know Newton’s second law of motion, his most powerful, and it will allow you to perform necessary quantitative calculations of dynamics,” he said and I saw a wide set of teeth.  “A little while back, some Japanese eggheads believed they disproved parts of that theory—theoretically— using electrolysis upon a molecule in a specially prepared liquid.  But, trust me; you won’t be applying this within liquid.”  He chucked again and the strange winking light in front of him stopped for a second.  “You hit liquid, and your skin will boil off your bones, Dexter.”
Then he was right there, right in front of me, dressed all in black again, and briefly I saw a silver or gold ring as his hands came toward me, then the golf club, which landed between my right cheek bone and my ear with a thwack!
Purples and blues swirled, the world folding in upon itself, my body falling back into the bed, my head buzzing loudly… and through that din I heard:
“Lesson begins.”

I'M TOO SCRAMBLED FOR Ruthie’s funeral, and I hate myself for secretly not wanting to go.  I can take pain.  My whole body’s been on fire for a week and I've got these headaches that roar in then retreat just as fast.
What I can't take is the pity.  The look of it.  The smell and the stain of it.  
And, I don’t deserve it even if I could.
“Dexter,” the young nurse says as a greeting.  “How’s the head?”
“Fine.  My guts got scrambled not my head."
"Good," she says.  "Then your memory's coming back?  Such an amazing gift, it'd be terrible if you lost it.  Terrible."
"Oh," I say.  "Yeah, slowly.  Bits and pieces."
"Good because they're coming for it," she says, her painted-on smile unwavering.
"What?  What are you talking about?"
She looks down at her wrist watch casually, as if she hadn't heard me.
“You want me to dial up the church?  Service starts in a few minutes.  You could listen to it on speaker phone if you’d like.”
If she’s wanting to change the subject, she knows right where to hit.    
“Funerals are for the living, so the folks left behind can feel better,” I say then stop, waiting until she looks at me.  “I don’t want to feel better.”
The nurse smiles at me, parts her arms in a theatrical way as if to emote the word surprise and in a sing-song voice says, “Hospital.”  She then adds, dialing the phone: “The whole ‘feel better’ thing is what keeps the lights on.” 

AS I AWOKE, MY shoulders were killing me, but I realized this only ranked second in the sensory overload department.  
The smell.  Damn, the smell.  That’s what made me wake up, I was sure of it.  
I started gagging, a clot of phlegm had been brewing in my throat, and my eyes began to water.  
Spitting it out, the mucus was gray-black.  
My eyes hadn't focused yet.  I was still very, very groggy.  Tired.
I could hear, and this was odd, what sounded like… waves.  Or the ocean.  Actually, it sounded like one long wave.  
No breakers, just a roar of one long wave, like maybe the seconds before a tsunami hits.
Incredibly, it just went on and on and on…
Trying to shake the thick film from my mind, I sucked in another breath of rotten-egg air and opened my eyes wider, which stung a little in the hazy sun and… something in the air.
That’s when I snapped fully awake.  I realized what was in the air.
Me.
My arms raised, bloodless hands Velcroed into steering toggles, I was falling from the sky in a frigging parachute.  The sound was not a tsunami but instead the Earth’s atmosphere-- the wind-- screaming past my skull.  
And speaking of screaming, a moment later, I was doing that, too.
Blinking, blinking, and trying to focus on the ground below, but there was still such a thick, heavy fog in my head.  
I looked up to the straps and instinctively tried to pull my hands free. 
This drew both straps down.  
My descent suddenly slowed, and I arched up then nearly fell backward, and—in one of the longest moments of my entire life—I just hung in the air and watched in horror as the parachute above me began to wither and collapse, as if deflating at its edges.
Quickly, hands back up.
For a few seconds, I felt like the Coyote in those old cartoons-- impossibly suspended in the air, moments before crashing to the ground in a fat ring of dust.  
If I'd had a sign that read Help!, yes, I would have held it up.
Slowly, the roar picked back up.  Louder, then louder still.  
My brain seemed unclear what to do with the images of my parachute failing above me, so the moment just played back in a loop for a few seconds.
But, as my head began to clear, I realized that I might have only imagined the parachute crinkling at its edges.  
Imagined?  
No.  It’d been more colorful, like a hallucination.  
So-- drugged.  
Again, I was coming out of some sort of drugged state.
Falling quickly now, I could feel my heart start beating again, as if some translucent EMT on butterfly wings had given me a blast with its defibrillator.  
A tug left, a tug right and my parachute changed direction each time: left, then right.  
I thought: My parachute?  
How did I even..?
Ah, sure.  The midnight ninja again.
This time, I had no idea what he wanted me to do.  Not that I’d really known last time.  But, at least, in a van trapped underwater it's clear what's at the top of your To Do list.
Trying to remember what he’d said just before the golf club hit me—and for a fleeting instant, I wondered why my cheek didn’t hurt more—I was having a hard time with my recall.
Sure, I’ve got near perfect audio retention, but whatever he'd given me had been powerful stuff and was hard to shake.  
Once again, I didn't know where I was.
Once again, I'd lost complete control.
But I think the thing that scared me the most, the thing that was really messing with my mind, was looking down past my feet and seeing all that lava. 

~~~



Chapter Five

I took in another gulp of air, trying to get my thoughts straight.
They weren't having it.
"Lava?"
  Hanging in the air, even this high up, the anticipated pain of final contact felt very real because I was dropping like a stone.  
Still, I guessed (and I could only guess), I had about a minute before becoming a dumpling in lava soup.
The chute had been opened for me.  I wasn’t sure if it had been pulled as I left some aircraft or not.  
Looking down at my chest, I saw a large gauge with numbers and it seemed reasonable that this was some sort of altimeter set to release the parachute at a predetermined point.  
I stared at the gauge strapped to my chest and wondered that, if I died here and my charred body was discovered, if there'd be an initial celebrity death report lamenting the tragic yet bewildering passing of Flava Flav.
Focus!
Below me, the molten earth appeared to stretch for miles in every direction.  Like something out of an old Heinlein novel, a planet of fire.
Not all of it was bubbling, molten lava—some of it was black but even that was steaming.  Ultimately, I couldn’t be sure by the color alone of which areas would be safe and which would not.
 A quick scan of the horizon for anything that didn’t look like it’d been created by the lava flow—a rock, building, anything—turned up zilch.  
I was falling down in an easterly direction.  At least, I thought it was east.  The sun was arching behind me and looked like a late day sun, so east it was.
Just to the north was a river of fire.  I know as much about volcanoes and lava flow as the next guy.  Which was to say, absolutely nothing.
My breathing was labored and my eyes watered constantly because of the fumes.  And it was getting worse from moment to moment, as I got closer to its source.
Before me was an expanse of smoldering black-- it looked like a giant insect's mottled shell.  Cutting through it were rivulets of churning, red lava which all fed to a thick river of fire directly below me.  
Clearly there was nowhere to land.
Pulling down to my right, I moved right.  I wanted to get as far away from the lava flow as I could.
The air around me cooled, which I was grateful for, but strangely the roar in my ears got louder.  Was I going faster?
The emotional response will be a problem.   Your instinct… you’ll have to fight that because that would be your downfall.
I didn't know if the Midnight Ninja had a proclivity for puns but… I realized that my downward fall had sped up.  
Dammit!  Is that what he was talking about?  
My instinct was to get away from the lava flow, head south from here.  Was north the right route?  Was the tar-black field shorter on that side?
Looking south, I couldn’t see its edge.  And there was no telling from here if another flow was just out of sight.  The haze around me was getting thicker and my eyes began to water more.  
I was closing the gap between me and the lava flow too quickly. 
You know Newton’s second law of motion, his most powerful, and it will allow you to perform necessary quantitative calculations of dynamics.
Admittedly, I’d always been good at math.  Just something that came easy to me.
I was told-- but did not remember-- I’d taken freshman physics while in college.  One of the advisors who I'd met with afterward told me that I’d even toyed with the idea of making it my major.  
But that part was gone to me and had been for years.  Lost somewhere in my mind.  And now, this guy wanted me to pull out the laws of motion from that black hole?  From six years earlier?
I yelled at the top of my lungs, gripping the straps tight, my arms shaking. “What do you want from me?”
That moment was my first bit of luck, it seemed.  While yelling, I'd inadvertently pulled a bit on the straps-- not too hard-- and my descent had slowed some.
I could buy a little more time by holding the straps taut.
You understand the Archimedes' principle, and you’ll need that if you are to survive.  
Here's what confused me: he believed he knew what I would know.
How?
Here's what terrified me: he was wrong!
I didn't have that knowledge anymore.  Those were parts of the "blank index cards" I'd told Pavan about.  
My eyes fell closed for a moment, and I exhaled slowly.  
His question about the baker.  My midnight visitor knew about my audio recall ability.  Again, how?
He said that I knew Archimedes.  Understood Newton.  For whatever reason, he was aware of my ability to remember what I’d heard.  But, I couldn’t recall Archimedes.  I couldn't recall Newton's laws, or anything I’d learned in college.  That was all gone!
I looked up at my hands in the parachute’s steering toggles, then down at the molten earth rushing up toward me.  The thick river of lava getting wider now, staring into it, I could feel its heat on the skin of my face.  
Falling.
Falling.
My eyes were too quickly trading open sky for the angry black and red flow.
Mr. Jepson had been my physics professor.  I'd also had him for Chem the following year as a sophomore.  This much I'd learned from my own transcripts; however, my personal recollections had been stolen the night of my crash.  Still, maybe, I knew his voice, somewhere.
It was getting hotter.  
He's in my head somewhere!  I just have to… find him.
I'd only had hints, flashes of those days.  Never anything tangible.  For those black-void years, the ones leading up to the accident, I just had fragments of people, places, sounds, voices.  
But, if I could remember the sound of his voice… 
Sometimes, when I had to recall something that had happened before my ability kicked in, one way to get at it was to concentrate its source—remembering the tonality, timbre, cadence.
I could never quite bring images up like those with so-called “photographic memory,” but by concentrating on a sound-- or the source of a sound-- I could create a patchwork of image echoes and cobble together an image from that.
What about, maybe, then… in reverse?  
Images to induce sound?
Photos from my college yearbooks-- the only real records I had from those missing years-- those were easy to remember because in the hospital I'd poured over them for hours.
My eyes still closed, I recalled his image.  Jepson looked like someone out of a fifties, black and white personal hygiene film.
Bony arms dripping out of a short-sleeve dress shirt, goatee like a first baseman, and prescription safety glasses that Mr. Jepson always wore, even outside a lab.
My thoughts were interrupted by a hissing.
Or perhaps, sizzling.  
This sound was from outside, not from within.  
I had to ignore it, ignore the fire below me.
Only… Jepson’s image, color, texture, the cigarette-stained smile--
There!  
An audio artifact!  Like a sun flare's burst picked up by shortwave radio, I had one.  A small fragment.  A piece, a small piece of his voice.
That was enough, and the rest came as shimmer turns to ripple, ripple turns to wave.
“—killed by a soldier even though the Roman general said to not harm him.  So valuable, even his enemy wanted him alive.  ‘Course, this was the man who discovered Pi, for gosh sakes.”
I could see Jepson now, leaning against the chalkboard as he spoke.  By the end of the day, the white dust caked to his shoulders.  Holding a piece of chalk but never really writing anything down.
Then, clearer, his voice filling my head: “…. of his theorems, the Archimedes Principal which states: an object immersed in a fluid experiences a buoyant force that is equal in magnitude to the force of gravity on the displaced fluid.”
I thought, how does this—
“What we’ll do, though, is apply it to gas, not liquid—because it’s more fun.  And because it’s an excuse for you all to go ballooning and have the university foot the bill.”
I had it.
The old, familiar slap to the back of my eyes jarred me when I opened them-- as I moved from "filing system" back to "data collection."
I steered the parachute north, turning directly into the thickest haze billowing up at me. 
My visitor had said: You know Newton’s second law of motion, his most powerful, and it will allow you to perform necessary quantitative calculations of dynamics.
Now I understood exactly what my late night golf pro meant by "fighting instincts."  
Gripping the steering handles, I swallowed hard and headed back toward the red-hot lava flow.
I estimated there was about seven hundred feet until splash down.  At best, the rest of my life would amount to about ninety seconds.  But, at least now I had a plan.
It might not be a good one, but I had one.  And sometimes that's enough.
Essentially, Archimedes was dealing with buoyancy and Newton said, hey if you want to be buoyant you’ll need to have more force below than above.  
In my case, that meant staying directly over the lava flow-- the hot gas creating a higher pressure zone below me.  Then, I should be lifted like a hot air balloon as that high pressure rushes upward toward the low, taking my chute (and me) with it.  
Now, if it didn’t work, Archimedes and Newton would soon get word that a new arrival in the afterlife was looking to kick both their asses.
Steering farther into the blazing updraft, the angry sighs of the dragon below me coming now from deeper and deeper breaths, my well-developed fear response began hammering away at my fledgling, new-found confidence.
The acid haze sucked water from my eyes and dirty tears dripped down both cheeks.  Trying to control the flex response of my throat, fighting off a coughing spasm, I drew shallow breaths but could still taste grit and ash on my tongue and teeth.
Every second, it was getting hotter, and moments later I was dry as desert bone.  The instant a bead of sweat would burst to the surface of my skin, the blistering air would lap it up.
Four hundred feet up maybe, and I wasn’t yet slowing.  
I yanked down, both hands on the steering handles; braking as much as I could and I started to pitch forward slightly.  Looking down, I could see black pustules and lesions mar the surface of the lava flow, now a fat, bubbling vein below me.
Panic gripped my heart, but the muscle just pounded between its fingers.  Adrenaline was rippling through my arms, my legs, and now the glow of the river of fire stained the insteps of my shoes.
Despite my commitment, I felt for the first time in my life that I was about to die.
“Oh my God,” I croaked, my mouth covered with a thick paste, and this was what I feared.  That I had to rely on myself to get it right, rely on working it out and I’d fuck it up and be wrong, wrong, wrong!
All-in now, no choice, I fought the urge to yank hard and steer away.  On either side of the lava flow— just beneath the giant fields of black scab-- was a sight that stole my breath: white-hot embers waited just below the dark surface.
If I were going to live, even for a few seconds longer, I had to find the hottest air I could.
About two hundred feet to go, hotter by degrees every inch of the way, my parachute was now center-line above the boiling river.  If this were my last ride, I had indeed just turned down the highway to hell.
The bottoms of my legs were on fire, burning, I knew it, but this was how it was going to be to the end.  My skin felt like it was bubbling and blistering inside my jeans.  My stomach churned, empty, and the acid within it felt as though it had begun to boil.   
Had to hold on, had to keep it slow, so I lifted myself up toward the parachute with both hands yanking on the straps like the fattest Olympic athlete to ever take on the rings.
One hundred and fifty feet, I sped up—racing now.  Racing!
But, not down… I was moving forward.  
Sure, I was still falling but falling slower.  And, I was rocketing forward, racing the seething red vipers below me.
My exhausted forearms were ready to quit, but it was working, I had to hold on!  
I blinked away more tears, trying to see ahead but every time they’d clear, more smoke, more ash would fill them.  
Looking down, I could keep my eyes open for a few seconds longer but down there was only molten earth, and that did not convince me I'd made the right choice.  
I was terrified.  
I'd never been so terrified.  
I’m not an adventurer, not a thrill-seeker.  
My chest felt like it was about to split down the center as some creature inside banged away with its stone axe trying to get out, trying to get away from the fire bath below me.
I’d made my choice, and I would have to live—or die—with it.  That was all there was to it.  
At least I had a good story to tell: I was rocket-sailing down a river of fire.
Still, the fear boiling in my stomach was threatening to bubble out my throat, so to keep it down, I yelled as loud as I could.
"Aaaaaaaaa!"
I yelled at the top of my lungs…
"Wuhaaaaaaaaa!"
And, inexplicably, dazed from exhaustion and fear and fumes…
"Auhhhllllll…"
I started-- of all things-- to sing.
"Auhhll GO HOME TO MY PARENTS AND CONFESS WHAT I'VE DONNNE!"
Singing, of course, the only songs I know any lyrics to…
"ANNNN I'LL ASK THEM TO PARDON THEEERRRRRRRRR PRO-DI-GAL SONNN!"
Irish drinking songs.
"AND WHEN THEY'VE CARESSED ME, AS OFT TIMES BEE-FORRR."
I howled, my eyes twisted shut, and I felt myself moving fast and faster.
Sweat glands began to outpace the arid haze, salt water oozing from my pores and dripping below— my body’s futile attempt to extinguish the devil's tongue beneath me.
"I NEVER WILL PLAYYYYYY…"
Cracking an eye open, I saw only white.
A wall of white.
Water!
An impossible upward flow of water!
"THE WILD ROVERRRR…"
Not water.
Clouds?  
But I wasn’t that high up.  
And, it being as hot as it was, I knew I hadn’t died yet and moved on.
Well, being this hot, I hoped I hadn’t died.
"NO MORRRRE!"
My heels felt like they’d been dipped in hot lead, and I jerked my head down to see that they’d entered the lava, my shoes boiled away.  
But, that hadn't happened.
I looked up just in time to plunge into the billowing, white cloud.
And for a moment… everything was quiet.
And cool.
And then, I burst through the other side and was greeted by crystal-blue beauty.  
In the handles above, my fingers had turned to arthritic claws.  Finally, my grip faltered and my shoulders screamed at me, agony, as my arms fell to my sides.
Exhausted, I forced my heavy eyelids open, falling fast again, like a rock… but looking down, the river of fire had gone.
I saw only heavenly blue waves, cool white breakers.
Choking with emotion, I sang to the ocean.
"And it's No, Nay, Never!
No, nay never no more"
And when I cried this time, it wasn’t because of fumes stinging my eyes.
"Will I play the wild rover,
No never
No more!" 

~~~



Chapter Six

I’d parachuted once before, two years earlier, the day before a coworker’s wedding.  I wasn’t the Best Man, just along for the ride and free drinks.  
The Best Man sets everything up and, of course, you think strippers, drug-fueled debauchery and crap like that.  To be honest, and I love women, but that sorta thing’s not my cup of tea.
We get in the limo and the Best Man, loud guy, three chins even at twenty-three, he starts talking and getting the groom’s blood boiling-- he’s going to be higher than he’s ever been, girls will be dropping to their knees around him, and he’ll need protection for the whole day… that sort of thing.  
The Jedi Master of Double Entendre, although, groomy didn’t know it.
Thing is, you can’t jump out of a plane by yourself without a long class and, also, some flight schools even frown upon the idea of parachuting while intoxicated.  In fact, I believe, all of them do.  So, the seven of us in the groom’s wedding party line up and seven tandem-certified jumpers come out in their gear.  
Minutes later on the plane, just before jumping, one-by-one, they hooked each of us into a harness around their bellies before taking that long, last step.
The jump with my guy was uneventful except that when the canopy opened it was a rainbow parachute.  Not a troubling thing normally, but normally you’re not mounted from behind with the potential for aerial, man buggering.
The groom, however, did have it a little differently.  Turns out, the tandem diver on his back was also a former Miss Hennepin County (at least that’s what chin-man had been told.  We bought it).  Before they’d jumped, she’d unzipped her jumpsuit to mid-chest, and they were fooling around, falling to the earth.
Now, I only heard part of this and I’m sure a good amount of it is apocryphal.  But, apparently, still strapped to the groom, she’d reached into his jumpsuit, down the front and was stroking him mid-fall.  But, as they say, it’s all fun and games until someone gets a wrist-mounted altimeter stuck into your jump suit at five thousand feet.
Groomy had been spread eagle for the fall while she was pulling the flying Quaker-who-doth-churn-butter act.  
But, caught in his fabric, she couldn’t pull the ripcord so, first time skydiving, and with a booze-infused, high-altitude hard-on, he had to.  Trouble was, when they put the brakes on, and they were both terrified, for sure… she didn’t let go of mister wiggler and she kinda pulled the ripcord, too.
Sure, he was fine after a couple weeks (and a skin graft) but try to explain that to your new bride on her special, special night.

AFTER MY RACE DOWN Lava Avenue, I’d landed in the freezing waters of the ocean.  Which ocean, I didn’t know.  My guess, too, was that the water felt unnaturally cold only after the roasting I’d just been through.  
The chute and rigging had come off easily and, sank the moment I’d removed it.
Initially, I tried to swim directly toward shore, angling away from where the wall of steam jutted up from the water like a snow-white fjord.  Closing in on land, however, the water was just too hot.  Strangely, swimming in a line parallel to the shore, the scalding water arched away from the shoreline toward open waters.  Exhausted but buoyant (thanks to a years-long strict diet of beer and everything), I skirted the entire length of it, at one point wondering if I’d ever stop swimming toward the damp horizon.
Eventually, the water cooled after I'd tread around the invisible peninsula of hot water.  Minutes later, I was climbing onto dry land.
Standing on the beach, I was exhausted, starving, and incredibly thirsty.  I was a pretty good swimmer but the trek had taken what little energy I had left, so I plopped down onto the ground for a moment.
After a few minutes of raking my fingers through the sand, I started to feel somewhat normal.  The effects of the sleep drugs had been washed away by the extreme hot-cold routine. 
Thinking back to the last thing I could recall before waking up in the parachute, I remembered very clearly getting the shot to the head with the three wood.  But my guess was that my new bestie had again administered something to keep me knocked out for the length of the journey.
Clearly, I was a long way from Marietta, Georgia and recognized none of it.
Not exactly sure how large the island was—but fairly sure it was an island—I looked up and down the beach for any sign of life.
If I’d been dropped onto some deserted island in the South Pacific, I was dead.  This thirsty, I wouldn’t be able to go too far.  And from my earlier vantage point in the sky, I hadn’t seen too many 7-11s along the way.
Thankfully, the hard lump pressing against my butt was my wallet.  I struggled to pull it out because my ass seemed to become a salt water sponge, growing a size or two larger.  Hawt.
Finally, it came free, my fingers getting numb and a little red-raw in the process.
I was left with my Georgia I.D. card but no money and no credit cards.  I don’t actually own any credit cards, but it appeared no one, in a random act of kindness, had issued me one whilst I was out cold.
Taking in a deep breath, the air was cool and salty on the tongue.  Behind me, lava was enwrapped in its millennia--long battle with the sea a few hundred yards away.  Before me was only sand, driftwood, a couple rotting fish, and a massive wall of black rock.  
What was happening to me?
Was it some sort of revenge?  
He’d again said, “Lesson begins.” 
Was it then some sort of training?  
For what?
It wasn’t like some secret society needed the mastery of some long-forgotten, yet out of shape kung fu guy and came looking for me.
I was more like some not-even-initially-remembered-to-then-later-be-forgotten out of shape drive-thru guy.  
A rather bright fellow with an affinity for cocaine highballs and dirty, little boys once said, Eliminate the impossible and whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
Well, what happens when you eliminate the impossible and nothing remains?
Slowly, I lifted my sore body from the ground and walked down the beach, leaving behind a sizeable dent in the sand.  With each step I happily left the elemental battle farther and farther behind me.  
I wasn’t sure how far I had to go.  The rock wall seemed to go for miles and miles.  And, soon, I was reminded how exhausting it is to walk in sand.
Surely, this hadn’t been some convoluted way to end my life.  I wasn’t clear why my abductor had put me on land as barren as the moon’s surface, but it wasn’t to simply have me die.  There are far easier ways to do that.  
Was it some sort of test?
Another thought: how’d I get all the way out here, wherever here was?  It wasn’t like I could fly a regular airline knocked out.  That might raise a few eyebrows.
So, a commercial flight was out of the question.  I’d been squirreled away on a private plane or jet—and that meant this could be anywhere.
Pulling my blackened shoes off, the rubber soles now hardened, melted lumps, I tied the laces together and swung them over my shoulders.  
Peeling off my wet socks, I just dropped them onto the sand.
I then realized that he had dressed me.  I hadn’t worn jeans to bed.
At least I was wearing the same underwear.  He was a homicidal sociopath, sure, but at least he wasn't a perv.
So, he'd had some sort of plan in place and dressed me for this latest event.  It wasn't random abductions.  Not sure why, but that was something.  
If my death was to be exacted on Lava Island, I would have very likely been just wearing what I’d fallen asleep in.  It seemed he was far more confident in my ability to survive than I had been.
The massive wall to my left bent inward, arching away from the ocean.  I stared down the length of it and it seemed to go forever.  
Glancing east toward the ocean, the sun, out of view in the western sky, was mining a shawl of diamonds from the salt water sea.
It was beautiful.
For a few moments, I just stared and appreciated how majestic the world can be.  Not where I live, no, but other places (like far-off volcanic islands, for example).
The temperature was dropping as the sun tucked itself into the ocean on the opposite side of the island.  Night was fast approaching.  Camping the evening on the beach—without any camp gear and, more importantly, without any water— was not an option, so I walked up to the ancient, black wall and contemplated my chances climbing it.
Too smooth.  It looked like this portion had been created by lava flow ages ago.  In that time, the wall hadn’t buckled, cracked or conveniently begun to spring rocky barnacles in the salt-soaked sunlight.  
There were no jagged rocks or lips to use for hand and foot holds.
Yeah, who was I kidding?  
Even if there were holds, the odds were slim of me ever getting to the top.  Likely, I’d get up just high enough to break my neck when I finally fell.
A slight breeze called my attention to something flapping against the rock wall, about a hundred yards farther down the beach.  I walked toward it.
Often, I’d joked that living on a deserted island would be paradise.  Maybe not an island completely deserted-- just an island where the natives were simple and modern conveniences would only likely frighten them.
Like Australia.
There I'd be with my Walmart t-shirt and button-fly jeans, and they’d herald me as a king or, maybe, some type of casually-dressed, low-slung deity. Not the sort that could conjure rain or smote an enemy but could make a hell of a daiquiri from fresh pineapple and palm tree pruno.  
I could bring the savages forward a thousand years simply by introducing the drink umbrella.
As I got closer to the vine banging in the ocean breeze, I wondered if some thirsty tree might have dropped root down this way.  My best guess was that someone had lowered it down, as a way to get to the beach.  Some boy probably climbed down and fished with a spear all afternoon, wrapped his daily catch in an animal skin sack (hand stitched by his sun-leathered grandmother), then as night approached, he’d scurry back up the vine with the night’s supper strapped to his back.
When I finally saw the rungs of the rope latter, the image of Jojo the Monkey Boy vanished.
I walked over to the ladder and tugged on it hard.  It felt sturdy.
Arching my neck back, whew, that was a long way up.  And a long way to fall.
The rungs were dusted with silt, and it looked like it hadn’t been used in a long time.  I had the notion to taste the white grit, not sure why, and it was bitter.  Salty.  
"Good idea," I said, spitting bits of sand and dried ocean.  "I'm dehydrating and decide to go all Lik-M-Aid on sea salt."
I wasn't excited about climbing the rope ladder, but a look up and down the shore line offered me no other options. 
It was slow going at first.
Hand over hand, hand over hand.  As I got farther from the ground I moved faster, steady, but faster.  The twine of the rope ladder groaned each time I pulled myself up a rung and, somewhere in my mind, I could hear the sound of microfibers snapping.  
One quarter the way up, I wrapped my left arm through a rung and rested, staring out at the ocean for a moment.  Even in the fading daylight, or maybe because of it, it seemed the world was secretly being swallowed whole by the vast sea.  Like we’d screwed it up this time, botched it, and the disappointed planet was slowly taking it all back, maybe give it another shot down the road.
I’d never lived near the water.  Grew up in the Midwest.  Mom moved to Oklahoma when Dad took off with a co-worker.  I’d just graduated from high school and embarked on a road trip with a buddy to the west coast, hoping to work out what to do next.  A few weeks after returning to Minneapolis, I met a lovely, yet very naughty, young lady and we both moved to Georgia after she got a commercial modeling job in Atlanta.  She did really well and we cobbled together enough money to get her a good portfolio.  Once she’d made a good chunk of change, she eventually moved to New York, ticket for one.  
Georgia’s been my home ever since.
For me, there’s something calming about the ocean.  It seems that we are still controlled—if not controlled, then manipulated in various degrees— by old, cave-born programming.  
Years earlier, I’d read an article about what some call “genetic memory” and, having held similar beliefs most of my life, I bought into a lot of it.  This faded blueprint of human behavior seemed to hold the answers to questions about why people do the things they do.  The more conventional, over-thought theories, at least to me, those didn’t have answers that rang quite as true.
Maybe staring out at the ocean was a genetic memory; the first creature climbing out of the water, onto land, taking that initial lungful of air, casting an over-the-shoulder glance at his former home.  
What had it been thinking?  Probably something about he’d have to go back that way if he ever want to get laid again.  
No bars on land yet.
Barely rested, I pulled on the next rung and it came apart in my fingers.
My left hand darted out to nab the twine cord opposite to the one in my other hand and I held tight.
Still, I could feel myself on the verge of falling.
Looking up, it appeared the rope in my right hand had begun to come loose, slipping from its mooring near the top of the rock face, and wooden rungs began to rain down on top of me as they broke free.
Banging against the rock wall, I jerked downward, little drops, and then bigger, and soon enough, there would be a long plunge to the bottom.  
I was easily a hundred fifty feet in the air.
For the second time in just a few hours, I was about to fall to my death.  On the whole, not a very good day.
Jerking, banging, reaching for rungs that came loose the moment I grabbed then, I glimpsed at the other rope.  It looked secure, so I stretched out for it again.
That's when I began to fall hard, so panicked and flailing, I clamped my free hand onto the other rope, and it gnawed deeply into my palm.
Didn’t matter.  I gripped tighter with my left hand and it hurt like hell but once my grip began to fasten, I pushed off with my knee and reached over with my right, holding with all the strength I had left.
The rain of wooden rungs was slowing but those remaining few were really beginning to hurt, falling all the way from the top.
One of them hit the shoe hanging over my shoulder and exploded into dust and splinters.  Not wanting to be beamed unconscious, I held onto the rope, and tucked my head into the crook of my arms.
Eventually, everything quieted.  My battered body was clinging to the rope at the side of the rock face, and it seemed if I were very careful, I had a chance to make it back down uninjured.
But then what?  Being stuck at the bottom again with no path to safety wasn’t a choice worth making.
I looked up blinking away dust and saw only dimming sky and a long wall of rock.  This rope no longer sharing the load with its twin but, out of more reasonable choices, I slowly moved up toward the cliff's edge, hand over hand, hand over hand.
  Stopping often, it must have taken the better part of an hour to make the rest of the climb.  I’d never been so exhausted physically, mentally and emotionally.  More than once, the idea of just falling appealed to me.    
Finally at the top, palms chapped bloody, the muscles of my arms now jelly, and I pulled myself up onto the dark shelf.  
I lay on my back for several minutes and found myself fighting off sleep.  I’m a bit of a toss-and-turner.  Not so good with the two hundred foot drop next to me.
Finally, sitting up and looking around, trying to pull shapes out of the dusk light, it took me a moment to work out what I was staring at.  
The small house—well, not quite a house—was carved from ugly white stucco.  There were no shutters on either window that straddled the door, and on the roof there were so many antennas, dishes, and wires, they’d never have to worry a second about bird shit.
I smiled and croaked: “Well, they got cable.”
Slowly, I stumbled toward the Quonset hut, not seeing any signs of life inside.  I didn’t care about life.  But a bottle of water or beer or juice would be good.  Preferably beer.  Yeah, I’d earned a beer.
When I got within fifteen feet of the steel door, it swung open and this huge man, like a Sumo wrestler, with a large black duffle under each arm, came out.  He lifted his head and stopped dead in his tracks, his massive legs momentarily shifting as if he were about to bolt back inside. 
I must have looked like hell because, this man who was easily three times my size, looked scared of me.  That thought had me laughing, actually laughing, and I couldn't stop for nearly a minute.
Frozen to the threshold, he nodded slowly.
Nothing left, I just nodded back and smiled weakly.
Answering the question I’d been pondering for the entire afternoon, he said:
“Aloha.”

“YOU SHOULDN'T DRINK SO fast,” the man who’d introduced himself as Allejo said to me.  “It’s not good for the digestion.”  
He reached for my tattered shirt and lifted it. 
“See?"  Briefly, he hesitated, put my shirt back down then said:  “You’re belly’s getting all distended already.  Or, okay, maybe you're just a little chubby.  But, it will get distended if you keep that up.”
One look at my new friend and it was clear he knew all about digestion.  Even so, I couldn’t slow down—with the combination of a near lava bath, then an actual saltwater bath, I was dry as a dead man’s whisper.
Allejo hadn’t asked too many questions, and I appreciated that.  Surely, he was still assessing the strange man who’d come to his door but decided that in my condition—or in any condition—I posed no serious threat.  He was kind, welcoming and hospitable.
Working for the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory, he had come out to this station earlier in the day to pick up some audit trails from the vast array of equipment in the hut.  Allejo explained to me—if nothing but to fill the void of silence as I sucked down water—that despite the garden of antennas on the roof, the microwave transmitter between this satellite observation station and the main hub had stopped working a few weeks earlier.  He rattled on for a few minutes about craters and vents, but all I wanted was to sleep.
Inquiring about the nearest motel or convenience store within walking distance pulled a smile out of the big man.  
“You could walk there but with the air quality and the heat… well, you’d probably get eaten by buzzards.”
“You have buzzards in Hawaii?”
“Maybe,” Allejo said.  “But, I think if you see a buzzard, maybe you’re in the sort of condition that you’d never be able to tell anyone about it.”
“Good point.”
He looked to the door, then around the room.  If I were a thief, the electronic equipment in the room would probably pick me up several grand. Of course, I didn't have any means to haul anything away… 
Of course, this was not my plan, but I felt as he looked at the ragged, desperate stranger, these were the thoughts going through his mind.  
“I’m not sure you can stay in this place, here,” he said, eyes not meeting mine.
“You know, Allejo, you haven’t asked me how some crazy bastard like me got all the way out here.”
He shrugged, his eyes went off somewhere, leaving me behind, and then another grin pulled to his lips.
“You opened the door, let me inside and gave me your water,” I said.  I tried to catch his eye, but he seemed to be looking at someone in the room who wasn’t there.  “But that's it, huh?  Not the curious type, then.”
“Questions are only words looking for more words,” he said, blinked, and was back with me.  “Words can be deceptive, Dexter.”
“Not true, my round friend,” I said, drawing a laugh from him.  “Words are pure and perfect.  It’s just the person who uses them that can be deceptive.”
He placed a large paw on my shoulder and gave me a squeeze.  “See? That’s what I'm saying,” he said and nodded toward the door.  “I know everything I need to know about you now.  So, I have no questions for you.”
“Good,” I said, following him out the door.  “I have plenty of my own already that I don’t have answers to.”
Allejo drove a cherry red Jeep Wrangler.  A man of his size, easily three hundred pounds, I would have expected maybe a truck, a van… school bus.  
He pressed his body into the driver’s seat and, surprisingly, slipped in much easier than I would have expected.  It was as if he’d broken in the vehicle like a favorite pair of tennis shoes.
We drove across the dirt heading toward the flat horizon.  Slowly, the flat line ahead of us began to bubble then eventually grew into a scrubby, ragged line.
Soon, I could just make out a wide cluster of trees.  
Allejo explained that the part of the lava flow we were driving on had been formed in the early eighties.  The stucco hut had sensors in the air, in the ground, and even in the water below.
“The sensors in the water have been blinky for a long while, though.”
“Oh?”
“Yeah, the only way down is a rope ladder but one look at it and no one with more than half a brain would trust his life on that thing.”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” I said.  "Or at least half of it."
I wondered if Allejo had thought I was some gangbanger or drug fiend the first time he’d seen me; someone out to rip him or the hut off.  Now, convinced I was harmless (or a brain damaged idiot), he smiled happily to himself and hummed along to a rock radio station 
“You not a big Don Ho fan, Allejo?”
“You know,” he nodded his huge head along with the aggressive music.  “With the impolite, crude nature of people these days, I suppose Mr. Ho’s name is the subject of some jokes; for some reason that just came to mind as you said it like that.”  His head bobbing slowed some.  “I hadn’t really thought of it before.”
I winced.  “I wasn’t trying to be disrespectful.  Seriously, I—“
“Nah, you’re cool.  It seems like you’re a bit of a jokester guy, though.  A funny guy.  So, it sounded a bit like the beginning of a joke coming out of your mouth,” he smiled.  “Jokes are good.”
“They’ve gotten me this far.  Even saved my ass a couple times.”
"I've seen your ass," he said.  "You should maybe cut back on the jokes."
"Okay, who's the funny guy now?" I said and laughed myself into a coughing fit.
"You've got a kind of a big butt."
"Yeah,  yeah.  I got it."
"All I'm saying," he said and we laughed together, eventually both falling into a comfortable, pleasant silence.
Twenty minutes later, when we finally got to a road lined with tall palms on one side, he sped up heading toward town.  I asked if he could recommend any place to stay.
“I know just the place for a guy like you.”
“A guy like me?”  I leaned against the door of his jeep and eyeballed him as I chewed away a piece of flayed skin from my hand.  “And what kind of guy is that?”
He hummed for a moment more, then: “A guy who falls from the sky.”  This tickled him, and he laughed at his own joke.  He seemed to like his jokes (Respectfully, I refrained from turning the ass joke back on him).
I wondered if he’d seen me parachute in.  But, if he had, he likely wouldn’t have been so startled at my sudden visit.
The jeep bumped along a little faster, the road getting progressively better as the sun finally fell below the horizon.  I could see a few lights wink on ahead of us, in the distance.
Rolling down the window further, the night air was refreshing—tasting a little like vegetation.  But it wasn’t unpleasant.  As if each breath was a small sip of life.
We took a turn sharper than seemed safe and then the big man spun the wheel, using only an index finger, righting the jeep again.
“The rains, when they come, sometimes keep coming,” he said as an apology.  “It messes all the roads up.  Sometimes they disappear altogether.  But—” He tapped me on the shoulder with an open palm.  “There is always a road.  Sometimes you just have to look harder for it.”
Allejo was a cross between Don Ho, Andre the Giant and the guy from Kung Fu.  I liked him.
The packed dirt road soon became asphalt, which then led us to the back of a sleepy subdivision.  After a couple streets, our turns came quicker.
When we finally arrived, he’d pulled to a stop in front of a large, two-story white house.  The rusting iron gate was choked with vines, and every window was a black hole.  Allejo, he didn’t even look at it.
“My uncle’s place.  You can stay here for the night.”
“What about your uncle.”
“He’s dead.”  
I blinked.  “He’s not still in there, right?”
“Better not be,” Allejo said with a broad smile.  “When he passed, he left it to me.  If he’s in there now, he owes me rent.”  
"Perfectly reasonable."
“I’ve got a place farther in town.  I have to get the data sheets to Polly, my supervisor.  Then, I’m going to crash at my place.  My girlfriend can’t fall asleep if I’m not there.”
“Wow,” I said.
“Yeah, it’s kinda nice,” he said and he seemed to mean it.  I admit, that hadn’t been my first thought.
As I got out, he reached into the glove compartment and tossed me a key.  I walked around the front of the jeep and came to his door.
“I’ve got to make some calls.”
“Phone works fine.  I keep up the bills.”
“Yeah,” I said. “But they’re kinda long distance.”  He nodded at this. “I’ll reimburse you, I promise.”
Allejo shook his head.  “Nah, you don’t look like the kinda guy who gets real chatty on the phone.  Don’t worry about it.  I've got Internet phone anyhow.  VOIP.  Real cheap.”
I nodded and, for reason not immediately apparent, and for the first time in a very long time, there was an unfamiliar emotion filling my chest, and I didn’t know what to do with it.  
Allejo turned his massive head my direction and stared at me with his deep, brown eyes.
“Take whatever time you need, just don’t take it all.  And clean up after yourself for the next person."
"Oh?  Okay.  When are they coming?"
He shrugged.  
"I don't know yet."  He put the jeep in gear, smiled and pulled away.  I watched him as he drove away, slowly bouncing down the road.

THE FIRST CALL I'D made was to Pavan but his sister said that he was working.  Duh.  Should’ve known that.
I would need some cash if I was going to make it more than a day in Hawaii.  It sort of hit me then—I was in Hawaii.  
How the hell had that happened?
My late night Golden Bear—I had to come up with a name for the guy—had tagged me with the golf club but, obviously, I’d been sedated long enough to get all the way out to the Aloha state, however long that took.
And what did I know about Hawaii?  The sole knowledge I had of it came from a two-part episode of the Brady Bunch.  So, the only thing in my intellectual arsenal?  Don’t pick up any wooden tikis off the beach.
I wanted to call Laura but couldn’t remember the number because it was written down next to the bar phone in Wicked Lester's.  Never bothered to remember it.  
Still had to talk to Pavan, so I tried the theater.  
After sitting on hold, listening to the show times, Pavan finally came on the line.
“Dude, where the hell have you been?”
“If I gave you forty-nine guesses, you’d get every one of them wrong.”
“Man… you just up and left.”
Allejo’s uncle had this ancient Barcalounger and, the moment my backside had been introduced to it, I’d decided that I wanted to be buried in this chair.  Not anytime soon, mind you, but eventually.
“That’s what you think?  That I just… left?”
He said his voice dropped low: “No.  Got the feeling you-know-who paid another visit.”
“Yep.  How long have I been gone?”
“What?  Um, two days,” he said and lowered his voice more.  “Do I want to know what happened?”
Two days?  
I said, “Not without a cold beer in your hand.”
“Just finished one,” Pavan said.  “You gotta talk to somebody about this guy.  I've got a cousin who knows some guys, you know?"
"Maybe.  Yeah, maybe."
"What’s he after, did he say?”
“Same as before.  He gives me some random-sounding bits of information and, bam, I’m out and wake up and those bits are relevant to me not dying somehow.”
“Fuck, that's the craziest shit I ever heard, Dexter.  Did he say why?”
“Nah,” I said, fading toward sleep.  “But each time he says ‘lesson begins’ like it’s some sort of—”
“Like he’s some sort of creepy teacher or something.  I had a guy like that."
"I don't think you did."
"No, this dude I had, he was a history teacher and a gym teacher, but he'd always wear his gym stuff to class."
"Pavan…"
"He had these little, tiny shorts and you could see--"
"Pavan, okay, enough!"  I said, took a deep breath and let it out again.  "He’s a strong dude.  Like military or ex-military maybe.  Maybe he's trying to get me in shape, straighten me out.  Or dead.”
"If Chuck Norris was one of those Big Brother Big Sisters people, he would be this guy.  Like some crazy motherfucking mentor dude, then.”
“I have no idea.”
Pavan spoke away from the phone for a minute, he had to go.  “Your mentor guy is going to get you dead if you don’t watch out, man.”
I said, “I’ll have some time to work it out on the way back.  Long road ahead of me.”
“Back?  Where the hell are you?”
I pulled in another deep breath and my head spun a little.  Pushing it back out through my teeth, I said, “Man, I’m in Hawaii.”
There was silence for a moment or two.  Then:
“Dude, no way.”
“Yep.”
“That’s awesome.”
“Not so much.”
“You coming home?”
“Soon as I can.  I need your help getting some funds outta by bank.  I don’t have a lot in the account, but I hope I got enough to get back.”
“Okay, but before you leave man, I seen this on the Discovery Channel, you’ve got to go see the volcanoes.”
In the dark, starving but too tired to even look in the man’s fridge, I hung the phone up on Pavan and fell asleep in the most comfortable chair on the entire planet. 

~~~



Chapter Seven

When I woke up, my neck and back felt like they were locked in a rock, paper, scissors battle to see which would get to complain loudest that I’d slept semi-upright in the chair.  
Nearby, the sun whipped up small convection currents that twisted up fat ropes of dust and air, which slithered in and out of the living room window’s Venetian blinds
Everything hurt.  Body-wide muscle aches to first degree burns on my thighs to red raw hands that were stinging because I hadn't washed the dirt and blood off the night before.
I moved only my head, craning my neck as far as it would go in each direction.  It was a guess and not meant to be disparaging, but my surroundings looked like they came straight out of the seventies.  Burnt orange shag carpet, cherry wood furniture.  The lamp next to my Barcoheaven chair was a bulb surrounded by a shade made up of individual strings of amber-colored crystals.  Jane Fonda wore a skirt like that in a movie one time, maybe.
Not wanting to take on the full force of the sun just yet, I clicked the lamp and the colored glass made the room glow warm and soft. 
No TV-- just like home.  For some reason that did not surprise me.
When I was a kid my mother had a friend, Carol, who’d either never married or divorced young.  I remember her being sorta hip: short hair with bangs, like a blond Pat Benatar.  
In her den, she’d had a decades-old stereo stack: radio receiver, amp, record player, dual cassette, 8-track player.
I remember digging through her music and, at the time, I would have been maybe six.  There was a group, two men and two women, and the word ABBA was written in sparkly diamonds.  Every time we went over, she and my mother would drink cold white wine from a box they’d put on the table between them, and I’d go in the den and listen to Abba.  
Ten years later, when Carol decided to pick up and move to the west coast to open an art supplies store, she called and said I could have her stereo if I were willing to haul it away.
I was nearly seventeen and electronics, even old stuff, were cool (“vintage, not old” I would tell my friends) and jumped at the chance to pick up the rack.  I would have paid her fifty bucks for the gear, but she told me to keep my money.  Then she slept with me, my first time.  Well, my first, second and third time.  All in about seventy-five minutes.
I still love Abba.
Allejo’s dead uncle had a similar system to the one I’d happily traded my virginity for, and it looked like it had stood the test of time.  As the radio receiver came alight it suddenly seemed intrusive to change the station, so I left it.  The station's selection of music casually wandered from fifties to seventies to sixties and was surprisingly pleasant.  
Wandering the house like a five-year-old drunk, the muscles in my legs and arms began to loosen slightly.  There wasn’t a spot on my body that wasn’t registering some sort of complaint, so an Aspirin breakfast was in my immediate future.
I was going to try to make it around without the lights but, with most of the shades down and curtains drawn, the whole house was pretty dark.  Flipping the switch in the kitchen, there was a note taped to the lamp.
“Picked you up some milk for breakfast because the fridge is pretty bare,” it read.  “There’s cereal in the cupboard but that’s it.  My guests don’t usually stay beyond breakfast.”  
I guessed that at one time Allejo had used this place as a bit of a love nest, taking girls back here after dinner, maybe.  Even though I was sure he’d let me stay as long as I needed, I couldn’t help but feel my guest’s don’t usually stay beyond breakfast was a bit of a hint.  It probably wasn’t, but this guest wasn’t going to stick around much longer than that either.
It struck me that the big man had been able to get into this house and out again without me waking up.  
Maybe I sleep a little too deep for my own good.  Reflecting upon the events of the past week, it seemed like a good idea to investigate how someone goes about sleeping with one eye open.  Or invest in better locks.
It'd been two days since I’d left Atlanta.  Two.   
Had it all been transport time, or did my psycho "mentor" (as Pavan had dubbed him) take me somewhere else, too?  Two days seems too long for just a flight to the Big Island.
In the bathroom, I stripped naked and looked in the mirror hanging on the back of the door. 
Blisters pocked my calves and the redness spread halfway up my thighs, but it certainly could have been a lot worse.  It felt a lot worse at that moment.
Years ago, I played sports like most of my friends.  More recently, my sole athletic challenge was climbing the stairs to my apartment.
I gripped my hairy stomach with both hands.
“Spongy,” I said to my man in the mirror, and he frowned, disapproving. Then I put a hand on either side of my belly button, squeezed together, and made a hairy baby butt out of it.  Laura never finds it funny— actually she says it makes her a bit nauseous.  Pavan thinks it’s a scream.  At the moment, feeling pretty low, I’m siding with Laura.
My reflection said, “When’d you get fat, man?”
Looking at myself in the mirror was depressing, so I popped open the shower door and stepped inside.  The water took far too long to warm up, and I could hear my teeth chattering by the time it did.
All the shampoo was Pert, which I hate because I have naturally greasy hair and when I use a shampoo/conditioner combo it's oily again in a couple hours.  I decided instead to use the bar of Irish Spring soap for my hair, and it did the trick.  And, bonus, my head was deodorized with not one but two, two deodorants.
Toweling off, I grabbed a bowl of Raisin Bran in the kitchen and headed back to the chair.  
Balancing the phone's receiver on the side of my head as I laid back, I called Pavan again.
“Not great news, but you probably knew that,” he said when I finally got him on the line.
“Give it to me.”
“You got just over four hundred in your checking.”  
 “How about airfare?  More than four bills, huh?”
“Yep,” he said.  “I called my cousin, who’s dating a travel agent.  On short notice, you’re not getting home for less than seven.”  There was silence for a moment.  “You know, Dex… you’ve got some dough in savings.”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah…”
“You could get a first class ticket with that, man.  Hell, you could buy your own plane.”
“No.”
Pavan had never challenged me on the money before.  He would bring it up every now and then but he never pushed it.  This time he did, and I wasn’t ready for it.
“You think your baby sister would be happier knowing you were stranded on some stupid island?”
“Jesus, man, bad timing.  Seriously.”
“No, she’d want you flying home within the hour with a cocktail in both hands and free movies at your seat, that’s what.”  
I could see a glimmer coming from the corner of my vision.  Shit.  I hadn’t had a real killer of a headache in a while… and this one was coming hard. 
 “Shit,” I said out loud, pressing my thumbs into the corner of my eyes.  “No, I’ll—”
“You’ll what?  Pick oranges or some shit to get money together.  You’ve got a fortune in there—”
I snapped at him: “Ruthie didn’t die so I can fly first-fucking-class, man!”
“No,” he said, but for the first time I could ever remember he wasn’t backing off.  “That dough is because the hospital started carving pieces out because they thought you were dead.  But you weren’t dead…”
“Pavan, leave it alon—”
“And you’re not dead now.  Stop acting like it.”
The room blazed with thick, threads of white light as the migraine took hold.  Still, I was surprised by my own tears.  Crying.  I couldn’t remember the last time I cried.
“I can’t.  I killed her.”
“Nah, you didn’t.”
I said. “I did.  You don’t know.”
The spires of light split into prisms through my tears.  “I killed her.  Shouldn’t be on my goddamn phone in weather like that.  Like that, you go both hands on the wheel, both eyes on the road.  Not me, I--"
“Cops didn't blame you, family didn’t blame you.  Only you blame you,” he said, slurring a little.  Ah.  He’d been drinking. Liquid courage.  “Sometimes I think maybe you like hurting inside.”
“Shut up, man.”
“Fine,” he said.  “Fine.  It’s your dough.”
I looked at the stereo and the warm yellow glow of its tiny lights.  Something old-time jazzy with a hypnotic bass line tumbled softly from the speakers, and I took a deep breath, drawing it in, hoping the sound waves would loosen and break away some of the calcification built up along the inner walls of my skull.
“Can you get me a ticket to L.A.?”
Pavan sniffed.  “What’s in L.A.?”
“Well, it’s the closest non-island city to where I’m at right now.  Hopefully I get there, and I’ve got a couple bucks left over.”
Then, out of the blue: “Dammit!” 
I jerked the phone away from my ear, looked at it, then returned it to the side of my head and said, “Man, I’ve got a screaming headache—what’d you do that for?”
“Uncle Rolo was over last night, and he assed the phone!”
“What?  What are you talking about?”
Pavan’s voice was hollow, distant.  I could envision him holding the phone at arm’s length.  
“Rolo got in a fight with my dad because dad borrowed his lawn mower and lost it in the yard… and before the pendejo left he must’ve slipped the handset down the back of his shorts and assed it.”
I closed my eyes. “What the hell is wrong with your family?”
“Dude, I gotta hang up.  Gonna be sick.”
“Get me a ticket for this afternoon from Honolulu to L.A., and I’ll call you when I get in.”
Pavan gagged. “Don’t bother.  I’m not picking up this phone ‘till I get some bleach, man.”
“Pavan!” I screamed into the phone.  “You’ll be at the theater.  I’ll call you there.”
“K.  Hanging up.”
Click.
I put my head back and nearly fell asleep again in the most comfortable chair on the planet.  But, my mind was racing.
It occurred to me that I should call back Pavan and book a flight for the next day.  My new mentor might have picked this place for a reason.  Maybe I could ask around.
Maybe he was still around.
If I took some time to talk to the locals… someone may have seen him or recognize his description.
It was the second time he nearly killed me.  This wasn’t the neighbor’s dog barking too loud at four in the morning.  This was some crazy bastard—who has access to spare cargo vans and, very likely, a private jet and more sedatives than Michael Jackson’s former personal physician—this prick wanted something from me, or wanted to teach me some lesson, or wanted me to lose a couple pounds, what?  He wanted something.
Maybe everything.
 “What is this all about?” I said to the lamp, which offered little insight.  “What the hell does he want from me?”
Some nerve endings were waking from their brief comas, and the blisters on my calves began to sting more.  I started to get up to find some aspirin but stopped.
 I wanted it to hurt.  I didn’t want to forget what I was up against.  I didn't want to forget what he was doing to me.
A few minutes later, once the pain had increased exponentially, I felt quite certain there’d be no forgetting whatever it was I didn’t want to forget and jumped up to guzzle three or four aspirin.
In the kitchen, I stood and washed down the pills' grit with a second glass of water.  At that point, the plan was simply to get back home.  But then what?
It would only be a matter of time until I’d wake up again to find him sitting there on my dresser like my personal gargoyle, spouting off details about surviving in the vacuum of space while a rocket idled on my roof, blowing plumes of steam onto my balcony.
The Mentor made me feel weak and stupid, and there were old, now-alien feelings bubbling back up, and emotions sneaking in that I'd long ago fortified myself against.  
And twice he nearly killed me yet never said why.
“Lesson begins,” I spat the words.  "What the hell is that even supposed to mean?"
Basically, there are only two types of "lessons."
The first is a learning arc.  You study or have exercises, lessons, then later test your new knowledge or skill.  In the end, you might get a grade or a trophy or a merit badge, whatever.
The other lesson is really “revenge.”  You first affected someone else in some way—you've done something to somebody, said something to someone, or said something about doing something to someone's sister.
Now, they feel wronged by it, and want to teach you a lesson.  The lesson in these cases are all the same: Whatever you did, don't do that again.  How a person went about teaching this kind of lesson could be a myriad ways (ie. drowning in van, burning in lava).
If my lessons were the former, some series of tests, for the life of me I couldn’t fathom what the tests were about.  It really didn't seem plausible that I'd inadvertently been dropped into the Student Assassin “learning track.”
Sure, the latter seem to fit me better.  But, not only did I not know the guy but it didn't, ultimately, feel like "revenge."
Racking my brain, I couldn't put it together.
Now, despite being late morning on the Big Island, my body was on Atlanta time.  And, I'd learned in recent years, pensive introspection usually is best when accompanied by a six pack of beer and a peer group.
But while the latter was not readily available to me, the former I'd spied earlier in the fridge.
Contrary to popular belief, beer can spoil just like milk or meat.  Allejo had already been so kind-- I’d hate to see him suffer the embarrassment if company were to come over and find that his adult beverages had turned.
Egad!
Later, by the time I'd constructed the smallest pyramid possible from beer cans--two on the bottom, one on top-- (and working dutifully to fortify the structure) my mind had finally begun to unclench, and I felt myself nearly taking full breaths again.
My mind wandered, and I wondered what it had been like for the guys on the Enola Gay.  
It had to have been a long flight, and they couldn't have just been thinking the entire time, "Well, we're about kill 150,000 people with an atomic device… I wonder if this will have long term ramifications beyond the war?"
There had to have been moments during periodic equipment checks, vector recalculations, maybe quick chats as they shared a packed lunch of cheese and meat-- providence's deep breath before the scream-- when they were just men flying a plane, marveling at the beauty outside their windows.
Farm houses pass by far beneath them.  
Around those, a carpet of small, lush fields-- tended to as dutifully as one bathes a lover.
In many of those fields, crops in regiments awaiting deployment to a nearby market.
All this while a horror quietly passes above, unseen.
The best parts of life may be those expressed in the parenthetical.  
Sure, the most important moment of Lt. Tibbets' life was piloting the bomber over Hiroshima, as the paint on its snout spelling out his mother's name drizzled away in the headwind.  
But, in the years after, he may have better remembered sharing a beer with his crewmembers the night before. 
Or, looking back at his life more broadly, maybe it had been the curve of his wife's naked hip, where he'd trail his fingertips until his eyes got used to the darkness, maybe it was there, those things, that better defined his life for him.
As I sat there in the home of a man I didn't know, who'd given me a place to stay without a second thought, after the tortuous encounter with a man who I also did not know, but seemed to only desire for me the worst waking moments that could be imagined…  I felt, in that very moment, like those crew members sharing a quiet, pleasant, satisfying moment or their pilot remembering how his wife, thousands of miles away, was the only home he'd truly ever known.
I was safe, warm and, briefly, happy to forget the ugliness of the world outside the warm, groovy cocoon I'd slipped into.
Unaware of when I'd crossed the boundary, I passed from my beer-and-jazz-soaked peaceful day to the blunt edge and comfortable confusion of daydream.

I'M TOO TIRED TO lift myself out of the hospital bed to go to Ruthie’s funeral, and I'm embarrassed that on her last day above ground I can't be there to at least say how fucking sorry her brother is.
The nurse comes in and he (He?  I remember it had been... or maybe not) looks at me and seems to understand my struggle.  He's kind enough-- or maybe, as he's older, experience has given him a sixth sense about these things.  He doesn't bring up the funeral.
“Hello Dexter,” the young nurse sa-- no that's not right-- he's an older gentlemen, now.  Thin.  With the sort of beard a lot of baseball players have.  “How’s the head?”
“Fine.  My guts got scrambled not my head."
"Good," he says.  "They'll want that memory.  Such an amazing gift, it'd be terrible if you lost it."
"Oh," I say.  "Yeah, slowly.  It's… what?  What did you say?"
"Listen, they'll come for it," he says, rain soaking his face.
"What?  What are you talking about?"
He looks down at his wrist watch.  “They'll be here soon, I'm so sorry.  I don't know what to do."  The bed linens are adjusted on either side of my neck, and I'm suddenly pinned down, can't move.
"You're… hurting me.  That's too tight, I can't--"
"You're the only one!" 
His voice has turned tinny, the sweat off his face falls in sheets.
"Only one!  It could be so good but, no, not for them.  You don’t know them!  Not them.  They can’t get it!"  His voice hurt my ears and was the sound of screeching tires: "No, Christ, not them!"

AN HOUR LATER, I can’t tell if my trembling is a result of the pain or the dream.  
As the rational part of my brain tries to piece it back together, I can’t help but push it back down, back below the surface-- I don't want to know.
Time to go.
It took me only a few minutes to dress, clean up my mess, then leave a note thanking Allejo for his kindness (and his beer).
I walked to a nearby hotel, went in a side door, climbed a flight of stairs, then another and took the elevator back down.   The nice woman at the desk pointed me to the airport shuttle.
The shuttle was free, but I tipped the guy two cans of beer (I'd borrowed from the house, an I.O.U. in their place) since I didn't have a dime on me.
Naturally, I ended up wandering the airport for about four hours because Pavan forgot about the time difference.  He'd booked my flight for three o’clock that afternoon, which was actually ten in the morning locally.  
My seat was already over the Pacific Ocean by the time I made it to the airport.  I had to rebook, so I sat around for another couple hours looking pitiful until they could get me the jump seat on a later flight.
Circling the airport terminal over and over and over, I was reminded of a theory I have about airports and, specifically, air travelers.
In an airport, any airport, every grown man or woman has the capacity to turn into a five year old.  All it takes is one cancelled or missed flight, and you’re a toddler.  Because you’ll sleep anywhere you can lie down.
Window sills, bathroom stalls, the floor behind a ticket counter, handicap ramps… anywhere you can get just a few minutes of blissful, escapist sleep.Businessmen, career women, captains of industry, game show hosts, it doesn’t matter—you spend more than two hours in an airport, and you’d slap the funny hat off the Pope for a carpet square.
Wandering the tiled halls, I came across a small, very clean corner of the airport where a young woman stood by an x-ray machine.  What struck me about her, first, was that she was skinny.  About a third the size of the rest of the airport's dream team who'd been giving me the stink-eye for the past few hours every time I walked by.
And, honestly, as TSA security went, she was a knock-out.
Actually, as knock-outs went, she was a knock-out.
I only had hours to kill-- just enough time to investigate a pretty girl.
As I approached, she looked up.
"Charter flights," she said, smiling.  Funny thing, too-- it was a real smile.  Hmm.  She hadn't worked for the TSA very long, it would seem.
"How'd you know I was going to ask?  Your machine read minds, too?"
"No, you don't have any luggage.  People coming through here have at least a carry-on or roll-away bag.  Or someone else carrying their carry-on or roll-away bag."
"Ah, hold on," I said.  "I thought no one else was supposed to handle your luggage in an airport.  They got those terrorist-trapping questions when you buy a ticket all about that."
"Oh yeah," she said and lit me up with a dazzling smile.  "That doesn't include rich people."
"They never say that part."
"Oh, don't take it personal."
"I hadn't," I said.  "Until you said I shouldn't, you know, take it personal."
"Sorry," she said and shrugged, then laughed again, having fun with it.
She cast a look at the guard who was leaning against the wall, but he didn't even acknowledge her.  If it had been anyone else but a member of the crackerjack TSA security force, I would have guessed he'd mastered the ability to sleep while standing up (Now, I've heard that on the Serengeti, hippos have been known to do this.  Not trying to equate the fine gentleman to a mean, fat water cow, but if one were to make that connection, coincidentally, one would not be far off).
Here in this quiet corner, where the charters boarded, there were no shuffling lines of people willing to trade their dignity for a seat on an airplane. No one was taking off their shoes, no one was being wanded (at least not before getting on the plane).
And at the moment, no one was there at all.
"I see this line of work keeps you terribly busy."
She leaned back, looked down the long tiled hallway-- no one heading our way-- and rubbed the back of her neck with the palm of her hand.
"The flights aren't very big, for the most part.  Mainly two- and three-seat jumpers.  The All Star break," she said, her eyes going a little wider, "that's a different story.  Half the sky is football team charters."
She straightened and her red lipstick split into beautiful white teeth.
"Aloha," she said, and I stepped back and out of the way of a departing, bleary-eyed businessman who apparently hadn't seen me standing there.  
He handed her his ticket, moving slow.  Very slow.  
She continued:  "I hope you enjoyed your stay in Hawaii."  
From the looks of it, he seemed to have enjoyed it more than he'd been prepared for. 
"Take this hall-- it's longer than it looks, trust me-- and you're the first right, two gates down.  Enjoy the flight."
Nothing, not even a grunt.
As he walked away, staggering a little, a thought struck me.
I waited a moment to let her customer float out of range.  Then, I pointed at the machine next to her.
"Hey, he rolled that bag through the metal detector.  Metal handle, metal wheels.  And by the look of him, probably a steel flask in the coat pocket," I said and earned another smile.  "I think Oddjob over there needs to come and recalibrate your machine."
The big fellah didn't flinch.  He was asleep.  And standing.  Impressive.
"They're charter flights.  They don't have to go through metal detectors or x-ray.  This machine is here for overflow if things get really hectic at the main terminal.  I'm certified on it," she looked it up and down, "but I'm not certain I know how to even turn it on."
I grabbed an empty soda can out of the trash and walked through the machine.  Nothing.
Oddjob said: "Don' do that."  
No.  Not sleeping.  And, now, a degree more scary.
"Sorry, sir.  I just… I thought I saw a kitten," I said and slipped back through.  "So, how do they rate?  No metal detector, no x-ray."
"It's their plane.  They own it or their business does.  They can bring whatever they want on board."
"No way."
"Yep," she said, smacking the "p" particularly hard.  Kinda sexy.  But by this time, she could have winged out armpit flatulence, and I would have found her sexy.
"Even dangerous items?" I knew better than to say the g-word in an airport.  "Nunchucks, ski poles, Russell Crowe?  All that goes on, not even a blink."
"They own the plane.  I just make sure they have a ticket to get down to the terminal and point them in the right direction.  They can bring anything they want."
"Anything."  I said, and then thought, Hold on.  "What if I was taking my buddy for a bachelor party, he got wasted and slept from the limo all the way to the plane.  When he got to you, he was all 'Weekend at Bernie's.'"
"You mean dead?" 
"No, silly, silly girl.  But, you know, out light a light."
She leaned back, rubbed her neck again.   "Whatever.  You've got his ID, steady as she goes, sailor.  These guys pay thousands, millions.  I’m not going to be the one that turns them to one of the other 'ports."
"Aren't you pricier here, though?"
"Sure, but we've got a Captain's Lounge.  Free booze, beer and cocktail peanuts."
I let that thought sink in for a moment.  If The Mentor had hauled me from Georgia all the way to the Big Island, he did it on a charter.  A charter plane would have to have a record.  If I found out who owned that plane…
"So, who normally takes those sorts of flights?"
She looked down the hall again.  This time, it seemed as if she were looking for something more interesting.  I'd asked one of those I-get-that-every-day questions, sure, but I couldn't help it.
"Those who can afford it."
"No, seriously.  If I wanted to grow up and be like one of these guys--"
"Grow up?  You're like thirty-five, right?"
"Not even thirty.  I only look older because of all the testosterone coursing through me.  Most of it’s even mine."
She blushed.  Sexy.  I added, "But how would you get a list of the people who came through here?"
"You wouldn't."
"Seriously, if--"
"Seriously, you wouldn't.  Do you think you can walk up to a hotel and ask for a list of guests staying there?"
I nodded.  "Yeah, but I'd ask really, really nicely."
A small smile.  Back on my side.  "Still.  You're not going to get it.  Just work hard, long hours, screw over your wife and friends and maybe you, too, can one day plant your ass in a cushy, leather seat on Charter Air."  I was in love.  Or the next best thing.
"I'm not married," I said.  "If that's what it takes--"
"That's Standard Fatcat Operating Procedure."
"Then,” I said to the pretty girl, “will you be my wife?"
A genuine laugh and she looked to Oddjob who was back to sleeping/not sleeping.  She dug down under the table.  
"When's your flight?"
"My, you want to consummate our marriage before the big day?  I am not that kind of--"
"Do you EVER stop?" she said and smiled.  "Listen-- take this pass down the tiled hall.  The Captain's Lounge is on the left.  Beer and peanuts on the house.  If anyone asks, they won't, but if they do just tell them your pilot is late.  Make sure you clear out in time for your flight."
I took the certificate.  It was actually embossed with a faux gold seal.  
Just when I am convinced the world has all gone dark and that every person I meet is looking to use the crown of my head as a step to get up to the next rung, I meet someone who shatters that completely.  Still, I think, one day, that will most likely stop happening.  But for now, I'm going to be satisfied that there are at least a few humans left with any sort of humanity.
Humanity and free beer and nuts certificates!  Those are the best humans!
The Captain's Lounge did not have any windows (at least not facing the long hall) and nothing to indicate it was the Captain's Lounge.  The only thing to set it aside from a bathroom door was that it looked like its entrance had been carved from a redwood in one piece.  Subtle.
The handle wasn't really a handle at all.  It was an indent, inside of which was a laser scanner.  Pressing my Golden Ticket into the space, the laser met the QR code and I heard the clack! of the latch within the door snap back.
The door opened and I stood there for a moment, like a freshly combat-slain Viking might at the gates of Valhalla (but only if he had a certificate).  Inside, beautiful, warm yellow incandescent bulbs were everywhere (theme: fuck energy-saving bulbs) and nearly all surfaces were either wood or red leather or, often, both (additional theme: fuck trees and cows).
The bar was arched and pitched away from circular windows.  Behind the bartender, rows upon rows of bottles, and behind them distressed mirrors.  It hadn’t dawned on me until I realized the ropy tapestry canopied over the bar was actually fisherman's netting that this was supposed to be a ship’s interior.
The chief magistrate of the aforementioned Captain’s Lounge was not the pilot of a plane but the skipper of a boat.  And, noting the parrot next to the register perched on the brass spittoon (for tips), it seemed, arggh!, this Captain might be a pirate.  Thankfully, the bartender wasn’t sporting a billowy, white shirt and black-dotted chin.  It seemed the Caribbean theme ended with the decor.  
Still, I watched out for a cocktail wench.  That wouldn’t be so bad.
The windows, huge “portals,” were tinted (certifying the authenticity of the illusion, certainly), which lent a surreal quality to the images outside: the planes, luggage carts, and yellow trams that whirred dangerously fast around the tarmac.
Those not at the bar were seated at a maze of small tables, each made to look like a part of a ship or dock loaded down with rigging and each circled by comfy chairs.  Longer tables similarly designed offered booth-style seating.
I took a deep breath in.  Life delivers the oddest treats every now and--
"Theeere he is," a voice called from the bar.
Looking up, a scraggly man with a ball cap and burst of chin whiskers waved at me with a huge, calloused hand.  His smile was wide, his eyes glass.
Either I knew him somehow or this guy's job was to sit at the bar all day and welcome folks like we were all besties.  Good work if you can get it.
I nodded and smiled wider than I would have normally at a guy with so few teeth (why provoke them, right?).
"Hey, man!"
He waved me over, uneasy in his chair.  Very drunk.  So, probably a pilot.
The bartender looked me up and down, disapprovingly.  He dropped a plate of candied peanuts and asked what I wanted to drink.  I told him and he turned to pour it.
"You!"  The drunk said.  "Youuuu!"
"Me," I agreed.  "No question."
He nodded, looked up at me, took a drag from a cigarette, blew it toward the bartender and nodded again.
"Shit, you look a hell of a lot better than when you came in here," he said and laughed.  Then he caught sight of my hands and wrists, torn up from my parachuting excursion the day before.  "But not much."
Huh?
"At least you're upright," he said, slapped the bar and hacked out a quarter of his lung.  "You upright, that's a good thing ’cause when you and your buddy came in here, I actually checked to see if you were dead when he went to the john!"  
Another peel of laugher, the rest of his lung coming this time with a long rack of coughing.
"You remember me?"  I said, trying to keep my voice calm.  “I was in here before?”
Nodding, he said: "Yeah, well, no, no.  Not in hereee.  The big, black fellah, your friend, he carried you on and off the damn plane.  But I never forget a face."  He waved at the bar in a big sloppy circle.  "You need a beer."
I said, yes I did.

HIS NAME WAS REGGIE.  He was a pilot, he was a drunk, and he’d taken me and the man I called The Mentor from an airfield in south Atlanta off Ponce de Leon Street (pronounced, by the way, regionally as Ponce duh-LEE-on).
We’d apparently made a touch-and-go in San Francisco for some jet fuel and then onto the big Kahuna.
“Why not Los Angeles?  You had to go north and then south again.”
His smile was still frozen in place, this hadn’t been the conversation he’d hoped to have when he saw his formerly passed out passenger.  “Uh, well, it’s a faster in and out, and we’ve got an account there.”
“We?”
“Well, we got an account everywhere, just about now, to be clear for ya.  From Sydney to Bonn to Moscow to Brazil...”
“Who is w-- uh, you do know Brazil’s a country and the others were all-- never mind, it... that sort of thing just kinda bugs,” I said and shook my head clear.  “You said ‘we.’  Who is we?”
He looked down at his beer then to the bartender, then back to me.
“We is, uh, the guys drinking a beer, um, at the airport?”
“No, no.  Sorry.  I mean, you said ‘we have an account’ in a bunch of cities... and one country, but whatever... what company?”
If I could find out the company that owned the plane that may, should, lead me back to my midnight travel agent.  
From there, who knows? maybe I don’t get a name for him but at least I’d have an idea who was signing his paychecks (for whatever he was paid in. Probably little boys.  Or small dogs. Or little boys riding on small dogs).
Reggie grew a little uncomfortable again.
“Listen, man, I-- we just fly the planes,” he said and looked to the bartender, a quick nod for the check.  “I’m sorry you and your bro’ had a falling out or whatever, but I don’t want nothing to do with it.”
“No, I don’t want to get anyone in trouble--”
“Man, in my 'sperience when someone says shit like that it usually means they do want to get someone in trouble!”
Me, I’m so delicate, so suave.  Swoon, ladies.
Here was my only link to The Mentor and I turned that link into a drunk trying to run away from a bar.  
That, my friend: talent.
“Listen, listen--”
His check came.  “Don’t wanna.  I’m done with this.  You got a problem; you take it up with SkipJet.  Only do me a favor and don’t bring my name up.”
Oh?
“Reggie, I lost my damn wallet is all I was saying, brother.  If I call up SkipJet they’re going to ask me on which flight and your name, hmmm, it’s going to come up.”
This turned him to stone for a moment.
“I mean, my wallet was with me,” I said, exaggerated a laugh, “when I left, right?  Am I right?”
“I don’t--”
“And now, I don’t have it.  You should be fine, though, it’s not like you’ve got priors or anything and they’re going to--”
“Listen, friend...”
“Irwin,” I said.  Why not?
“Listen, Irwin, I don’t need no trouble from you, your employer or mine.  If you lost your wallet it wasn’t my bad.  Ask your buddy.”
“He already left.”
I wanted to get into that plane and see if there was anything, even a dirty glass.  Who knows, maybe I could convince Detective Clower to run the prints with some wild story.  He’d hate me (more) but I thought there was a chance I could pull it off.
“Listen,” Reggie said and gave a quick glance around him.  “I’m not even supposed to take people on that are flat-out like that.  We ain’t supposed to take nobody drunk on board.”
“That’s only for the guys in the front.”
“Right,” he said, not listening to me.  “And, it don't matter if I didn’t believe him when he said you had that, uh, sleep thing, you know.”
“No.”
“It’s... where you can’t stay awake?  Narcro-- necrophilia--”
“Sure, right.”  I had to introduce this guy to Pavan.  They’d have a ball. “Listen, we don’t need to ring up to SkipJet, Reggie.  Just let me take a look around the plane for a minute or two.  Where were we, in the back, right?”
Reggie looked as if he’d just gotten off a playground merry-go-round.
“Wha?  Yeah, in the-- but you can’t go looking on the jet.”
“Just two minutes.  In and out.  If I don’t find it, so be it.  No harm, no foul.  That’s the end of it.”
“No, man,” he said and took the last sip of his beer.  “That plane is long gone.  About ninety minutes after we set down, it took off again.”
“Damn.  Someone from SkipJet took it?  Well, it’s a big damn company, I suppose.  My friend is one of their security team.”
Reggie got back on the merry-go-round for a moment, held tight, and this time looked at me from its spinning center.
“It... what?  He don’t work for SkipJet.”  He looked down at the bar, then back to me.  “I work for them.  He... he don’t work for SkipJet.”
“We borrowed it?”
Reggie explained slowly after I’d ordered him a beer (which bothered the barman. Crew like Reggie, they didn’t get free booze, but high fallutin passengers like Yours Truly (wink, wink) did.  “Buying” Reggie a beer was just one more that the bar had to eat).
SkipJet wasn’t a big conglomerate with offices and accounts in every major city in the world.  It was what you might call a "millionaire's taxi."  
The jet-for-hire company owns about one hundred seventy planes, which hop from city to city to city all day and night.  A businessman in London gets the nod for a big deal in Tokyo but has to leave ASAP, but the next commercial flight is tomorrow?  There’s a SkipJet at Heathrow (probably more than one), his company rents it out, and it lands in Tokyo a few hours later.  
Then, let's say, there’s a wealthy, nearly-wedded couple in Tokyo (in my mind it’s the groom and, aghast!, maid-of-honor who skipped out an hour before the original wedding and are heading to Vegas for their own ceremony).  Once our businessman lands from London, the plane is turned over and the scalawag-lovers board for The Little White Wedding Chapel in Las Vegas, Nevada.
I had to find out the name of the company that rented the jet.  That was my breadcrumb.
“Well, hell,” I said.  “How am I supposed to look through a plane that isn’t here?”
“You really can’t, you know?”
“Well, I suppose I can reach out to SkipJet, like you were saying.”
Reggie took a big swallow of beer.  “Or, now, hold on.  Listen. I could see where it went.  Maybe there’s a crew member, where it went to, that could look through the craft for you.  Now, hey.  That, right? That would be almost like you did it yourself.”
“How would you know where it went?”  I said as doe-eyed as possible.
“Easy,” he said, happy to have calmed the panicked ex-passenger and happy to not have any questions about missing items associated with his name.  “Take a look at the manifest,” he said, pulling a device off his hip that looked like a cross between an iPhone and Spock’s tricorter.
I watched, trying not to be too eager.
“You can do that?”  Ugh.
“Sure, heck yeah. “
After a few taps, he brought up the ID of the aircraft.  The manifest, just as he said, showed the plane had left Hawaii, gone to Hong Kong then to a small airport in the south of France.  
I didn’t care about where it was but where it had been.
“There’s you guys,” he pointed on one line. Client, origin and time, destination and time and pilot name.  “R. Davis over here, that’s me.  That’s jet-- oh yeah, a Citation X.  Love those." 
I scanned across the line, past his finger. 
“Where are we listed?  Did he use my real name?”  Could The Mentor’s real name be a finger-tap away from me?  “I try to keep a low profile.”
“Don’t worry ‘bout that,” he said, his words casual and slow now.  “Even though we had to cross way out this way from the mainland, it’s still a domestic.”
“Right.  Of course.”
“So, it don’t require we have passenger names on domestic.  Unless they insist or wanna show it off to their girlfriends, we got a bunch of Don Joes and Jane Smiths,” he said, slurring.  “And, see, your Citation is, right now... in a port south of Paris!”  He smiled, looking like he’d taken his first, tasty cigarette drag of the day. “I know a guy in that hanger.  Perfect.  He can give it a look.  If it’s there, they can drop it in a pouch.  Have it to you in no time.”
I looked again at the line a couple rows up from the one detailing the hop to France.
Honolulu was the destination.  Point of origin, Atlanta.  Jet’s range was 3,450 miles, so we’d broken up the trip going wheels down for refueling in San Francisco.  That’s not what interested me.
I recognized the entry under “Client.”  I'd heard of them, of course.
“Thanks, Reggie.”
Reggie stood and started to dial his cell phone, giving me the thumbs up.  I hit him back with it but my mind was already somewhere else.
What did The Mentor have to do with a charity owned by one of the world’s wealthiest men? 

~~~



Chapter Eight

On the plane back to the States, I was lucky enough to find some headphones in the magazine pouch and I wore those for the entire trip, even when not listening to music.  Just needed to sleep.
Of course, Reggie’s friend had not found any wallet aboard le jet.   I thanked him for trying so hard, it meant the world to me he’d cared enough to check, and told him “no harm, no foul.”  We tried, so forget all about it.
When we finally landed in Los Angeles, it was about eight and by the time I called the theater— after eleven o’clock back home— it was closed and everyone but the spooky, Polish cleaning crew (“‘Ders bee-emm in da girls batt-room!”) had gone home.
The phone at Pavan’s just rang and rang.  Guess he hadn’t gotten the bleach yet.
From the airport, I took a shuttle bus to the hotel closest to Sunset because if I had to stay up the night, Sunset was the place to do it.
There’s something about Sunset Avenue in Los Angeles that I love.  Years ago, a buddy and I drove out to L.A. and stayed for a week.  Well, I stayed for a week, he just stayed.  My lift back was via Greyhound. 
We spent more time wandering up and down Sunset than in the cheap hotel.  He’d popped a handful of mushrooms and spent the next couple hours bitching he’d been ripped off.  To me, not a magic mushroom advocate, sure, but you didn’t need mushrooms to enjoy Sunset Avenue.  Hell, it could even be dangerous.
For the past several hours, I’d been getting pretty hungry.  The flight had a dinner but the feast of unidentified white meat, with white gravy, and white dinner roll (obviously the head chef was from the U.K.) didn’t really fill me up.  Driving the flight attendant crazy, I subsequently chomped through enough salted peanuts to induce high blood pressure.
Now, peanutless, I wandered Sunset.  
Years ago, I’d read a Hemmingway book.  Not a fiction but one where he was recalling a time when he’d been living in earth twentieth century Paris.  Can’t recall if he’d been married, I think so, but he was broke so he and his wife or girlfriend would have very little dough for food.
When he was really hungry, Ernie'd go to museums.  He said something like you appreciated art more when you’re hungry.  My grumbling stomach and I stared through the display store windows at the shiny, whirring gadgets of The Sharper Image.  Sure, it was hard to argue that electronic, chrome-plated nose hair clippers with NeverCharge™ LED (for the deep 'uns) was exactly art, but it seemed fair to judge them on the same principle.
I had to get something in my ample belly.  There are a bunch of these little sidewalk cafes on Sunset, one after another, so crammed together you can’t really tell where one ends and one begins.  Walking down the sidewalk and weaving through the occasional sprawl of awning, I could see as one group of four was leaving that they’d left behind a basket of bread.
Then one of them, a woman with bug-eye sunglasses, caught the sight of me staring at the food they’d left behind and looked way, frowning.
Pathetic.  I jammed my hands in my pockets and took a couple big strides up the street, out of the woman’s glare.  Was I really scoping people’s discarded scraps, like a dog, looking for food?  
Every now and then, there's a moment that stops you, as if your life were being played back like your own, personal Zapruder film in some smoke filled room.
A guy in an overly starched dress shirt, buzz cut, black-rimmed glasses and with a pipe jammed between his teeth is up at the screen and calls out, "Stop!" and says things like, "See it's right about here, in frame 842, where our subject-- the chubby fellah, you see?-- he realizes, 'by golly what in the holy hades has my life become?'  It's a corker, for certain.  Roll film!"
Finally, my thoughts went back to the conversation with Reggie the Drunkard Pilot back at the airport in Honolulu.  I'd purposely kept that at bay for hours so I could let it brew a while in my subconscious.  Yeah, that was the main reason.
After he'd spoken with his friend at the hanger in Bergerac, France, where a bachelor party of ex-pat Americans living in Germany were dropping in to soak up the local wine, Reggie and I had a final beer together, and I left.
But not before the pilot regaled me with his little proprietary tricorder.  The flight data, all of it, was sensitive in one manner or another, so it had to be jumbled-- encoded-- before it was dropped onto the wireless carrier.  The primary function of Reggie's device-- which looked like a big, blocky cell phone--  was to decipher the encoding and then display it on the little four inch screen. 
Naturally, my name was not on the manifest.  Neither was "the big, black fellah," as he'd called him.  Listed only the passenger count: two.    
Reggie has said that it's not any of his business to check identification, so he's doesn't get into any of that sort of paperwork.  Besides, with a company like the Solomon-Bluth Foundation, as Reggie has put it, "with all the good they do, who's going to question them anyhow?"
Solomon-Bluth had picked up the tab for our charter.  And it made no sense whatsoever.  
So, I had my breadcrumb.  But what next?
First things first-- walking Sunset in Los Angeles, I still had a small hunger problem to solve.  I thought about getting off the main road because the smell of the food was making me nuts.
Then, up ahead, I saw a possibility.
“Hey, you got any spare change?”
The guy may have seen me coming up to him but didn't acknowledge it right away.  He and his sign were on the sidewalk, leaning up against a music store that had closed for the night.  Bum break, I guess.  
The hair on his face was bushy but not caked in food or anything.  The whites of his eyes were pretty clear—I’d seen plenty of bums back in Atlanta, and like my guy in the Marietta square, this guy looked pretty good for being homeless.  Maybe it was some sort of part time gig. 
I smiled, struck giddy by the irony.  I said to the bum a second time, “Can you spare a couple bucks, buddy?”
He looked at me with a strange smile.  His eyes darted away for a second, and then opened his mouth to speak, but words seemed to be stuck on his crooked teeth.  He rubbed his face with the palm of his hand and squinted up at me.
“What?”
“I asked you if you had a couple bucks.  I got jacked— no bank card, no plastic, no cash.”
He stood quickly, wobbled for a moment, and for a second I thought he was going to run.  At full height, he still had to crane his neck up to see me.
“Ha, that ain’t gonna work,” he said, waving me toward a shadowed gap between two buildings.  Leaning against the mud-caked brick, he pulled out a soft pack of smokes.  Pointing to my left with the cigs he said, “Watch my sign for a sec, will ya?”
I nodded, looked up and down the street.  Pulling out a zippo with a Harley Davidson logo, he lit his cigarette, snapped the metal top down with a flick of his wrist and eyed me through smoke.
“Now, I’ll give ya a couple tips, but you gotta find a different corner.”
“What?  Bum tips?”  I said, taking a step back.  “I don’t want tips.  I just--“
“An' don’t work anything from La Brea to Fairfax Avenue because that’s Drew’s area.  He and I bunk together, and I don’t need no excuses from him about not coming up with his share.”
I crossed my arms, sickened that I’d even started the conversation.
Somewhere, deep in my brain, I heard: "Stop!  Oh zow-wie, look at our man here.  Frame 1311.  Consorting with ne'er-do-wells?  The indigent?  It seems his desperation knows no bounds.  Tears your heart out, it does.  Roll film!"
The scruffy man had more: “And, you don't just ask for cash.  You gotta imply that you'll blow outta there if they just come up with a buck or two.”
Imply?  The bum had just hit me with ‘imply.’
Suddenly I’m like some homeless intern.  “Here’s the thing—“
“Like,” he continued the Bum 101 class, “you need just one dollar more and then you got bus fare back to the valley or something.  If you think you can shake ‘em for more, tell them you’re going to Washington.  Then, they don’t know if it’s city or state, so that can work both wa—“
“Listen,” I said, exhausted, my anger draining from me.  “I’m serious.  I lost everything, and I was just hoping to get a burrito or something.  You got a good wad of dough in the can there, I just need like two bucks for dinner.”
His eyes went wide for a moment, and then he quickly stuffed the rattling stew can into his greasy jacket, now realizing that I wasn’t looking for the Panhandling for Dummies excerpt.
“No way, stay away from what’s mine.”  He stepped back into the alley a little.
“I’m not going to rob you man, just need a little bit until tomorrow when my friend can get me some cash.”
The bum’s eyes darted up and down the street for a second, and he fingered a button on his coat.  “Boy, that does sound pathetic,” he said but I don’t think he was talking to me.  Suddenly angry again, he said, “Man, you’ve got to work for your dough.  I ain’t just gonna give you what I got.”
“How about this,” I said and his face darkened.  “I work right here.  You and me, side by side, partners.”
“This ain’t a partnership kinda deal!”  He said loud, then blinked away frustrated tears.  “You don’t get anything working in groups.  People won't fork over—“
“Okay, then it’ll cost you two bucks to get me off your corner, man.”
“What?”
“Gimme two bucks, and I’m outta here.”
“No wa—“
“Okay, price just went up.  Three bucks.”
Mr. Bum leapt for his sign, but I blocked him.  He tried running around the other side of me, and I stopped him there, too.  For as out of shape as I was, he was worse.  But not by much.  
“Gimme my sign!”
“Now it's four bucks.”
He raised his hands.  “HOLD on there.  Just stop that!”  He eyed me, glanced at his sign, eyeballed me again.  “You said two bucks at first.”
“Yeah, now it’s four.  You wanna go five?”
He reached into his coat.  “How about three, asshole?”

I'M NOT USUALLY SOMEONE who gets grossed out by stuff.  You know, gum on the sidewalk, dog poop in the grass, and people that booger-mine at four way stops.  Whatever.  But the public payphone I was using had a fungus growing on it.  And, damn, it smelled.  I wondered if Pavan’s Uncle Rolo had come to L.A.
Carefully dialing up Pavan's number again, I held the phone a few inches from my ear and tried to not let the smell bring up my dinner.
After my bum spat, I’d left Sunset looking for a fast food restaurant and ended up in a Mexican neighborhood.  Lots of car repair joints and people sitting out on their porches in the warm night air.  
I found a place by smell alone.  It didn't even look like it had a sign.  The guy behind the counter actually greeted me in Spanish.  I pulled out my dough, glanced at the menu written in green magic marker above his head and told him I wanted two burritos.  His eyebrows jumped and held there.  
He’d said: “Two?”
“Yeah, I haven’t eaten since the middle of the Pacific.”
He shrugged, nodded, and barked something over his shoulder, his gaze not breaking from mine the entire time, as if I were some apparition that could poof into the ether at any given moment.
When the burritos came out, each was as big as my forearm.  
No joke.
I mean, seriously, we send a couple of these guys to Africa and hunger on the entire continent is history in one day.  Fuck Bono.
“Damn, man, you could have told me how big they were,” I’d said poking at one with a spork.  It looked like I was trying to harpoon Moby Dick with a plastic garden rake.
He’d said, “Yeah, 'cept I don’t speak any English.”
I paid for my food and left, seeking out a phone to call my friend.
Payphones are hard to come by these days but there are a few gas stations that will hang them on a corner because illegal aliens, drug dealers and twice-abducted-nearly-killed-by-lava types still need them.
Pavan waited patiently as I explained what Reggie the Drunk had laid on me.  After a moment, he asked: "Who's Sampson-boof?"
"No, man.  Solomon-Bluth," I said.  "The pay phone is probably just all jacked, sorry if it's hard to hear."
"Doesn't help.  Still don't know it."
"Big charity.  Remember that guy, Marion Bluth, he went into China and started up that microprocessor business back in the nineties.  Government poured dough in-- the Chinese government-- and he was the big project manager."
"Do you know who you are talking to?  This is stuff that was, like, on the news or something?"
"Yeah," I said.  The burrito shifted in my stomach, trying to get away from the smell of the phone, my best guess.  The handset looked like someone had used it to beat someone else to death and neglected to wipe it off.  "Bluth made billions and built China’s version of Silicone Valley."
"Hey, silicone!  That's what they put in tits, right?"
"Yeah, something like that," I said and couldn't help but laugh.  "Christ, man, when was the last time you got laid?"
He growled, and then laughed.  "I'm saving myself 'till marriage."
"Fine."
"Doesn't have to be my marriage.  In fact, if a married lady wants to do it, that's fine, too."
"Upstanding young man.  Glad to call you my best friend, Pavan."
"If you're my best friend, you should take me to that Valley of the Titties for my birthday!  That sounds awesome!"
"Okay, anyway-- so now Bluth just sits back and counts his billions but the government-- the U.S. , this time-- they have some questions about whether he brought some of American tech know-how over to the Chinese, now threatening the American chip dominance."
"Sure."
"So, he starts up a philanthropic trust… that's a charity, and--"
"I know what that is.  My sister used to play clarinet."
Somewhere in the ether, to my friend, this line of conversation totally made sense.  I let it go.
"Now, Solomon-Bluth is his charity.  Big on fighting AIDS in Africa, T.B. in Cambodia."
"Why'd they pay for your ride to Hawaii?"
"Dunno.  Maybe my guy stole an account number or, hell, just got on without the pilot knowing who was going where.  That's something we'll have to find out."
"Check," Pavan said, enthusiastically.
"At some point, you or I have to get a computer."
A tone rang over the phone that said we'd been speaking for a couple minutes.
Pavan asked, “Man, how much is this costing me?”  I’d called collect.
“Okay, I'll talk fast then.  Shoot me a Western Union note of what’s left in the bank and—“
“There’s about seventy bucks left in your checking, Dex.”
Closing my eyes, I rubbed my face.  “Yeah, well send what’s there.”
“Okay,” he said.  “Listen, I was a kind of a dick, you know, before.  I was a little drunk.”
“It’s okay.”
“But, still… I meant what I said.”  Silence for a moment or two, then he said: “You know, I could sell some stuff.  Lend you the dough.”
“Nah, man.  Thanks, though.  That means a lot,” I said.  “Just send what I got in checking, and I’ll work it out.”
Pavan cleared his throat.  “I, uh, spoke with Laura.  She called here looking for you.”
“Jeez.  How’d that go?”
“She’s pissed you didn’t call.”
“I didn’t have a dime.  I mean, really.”
He hesitated.  “Well, you called me collect.”
“I know,” I said, embarrassed to admit that I’d forgotten my alleged girlfriend’s number.  “Not sure what I’d say to her honestly.  I have no idea what’s going on.”
“Well,” he said and laughed.  “You gotta long walk home to work it out.”
“That’s the truth,” I said.  
“How long you think it’s gonna take you to get back to Georgia?”
I was flipping through the yellow pages.  “My guess, about two days, maybe three.  By that time, I should have something worked out.”
“Three days?”
“Well, maybe not worked out but at least I should have, at least, an idea of how to come at this guy."  
I asked Pavan to check the library computers and see what he could find on Solomon-Bluth.  Accessing the Internet is free, but they charge you for print outs.  He told me one of his cousins was dating a girl at the library and if he went when she was there, he'd get the printed stuff free, too.
Worked for me.
We both were quiet for a moment.  Then he said, “What the hell does this dude want from you?  Kidnaps you in the middle of the night, does all this weird shit?  What the hell is all that about, Dex?”
I looked down the road, people wandering aimlessly in the steely Los Angeles street light, looking as though they’d lost something but couldn’t quite remember what it was.
“Man, it’s either me or him.  That’s all I know.  Me or him.”
Pavan said, “Then, if we’re gonna take him on, I almost feel bad for the guy.”
A smile split my face, and I hung up the phone.

WHEN YOU'RE BROKE, YOU talk about being rich.  Not so much about how to get rich (although there is some of that) but mainly just being rich.  One night when me and Pavan were putting out our inner fires with beer foam at Wicked Lester’s, this cranked-out chick who sold tiling was talking our ear off about how the Kingsford family—the charcoal people—had some house in north Georgia.  She said it was worth, like, two hundred million.
I'm told one of the greatest attractions of my current home state is the low price of real estate.  What would cost you three million in San Diego would run you about two hundred thou’ in Georgia.  No joke.  
A house that costs 200 million in Georgia better be the lost temple of Solomon.  With Solomon working a carnival-style Answer Booth, still inside.
Anyway, tile girl told me about how the woman of Charcoal House was all big on Made in Japan™ china.  Hell, the name alone was worth a long, protracted gut laugh.  But, apparently, the rather rich and super rich in Georgia were all about this Made in Japan™ china.
Now, as one could probably surmise, this particular china comes from one particular country.  No, not China.  And a lot of it comes to Georgia now.  Maybe because of the Easy Lite lady.  
Well, that stuff has to go west to east via truck from L.A.  Too expensive to go by plane and west to east rail can be bumpy.  China no likey.
So great big, beautiful rigs had to carry the Made in Japan™ china to the bored, wealthy housewives of the southeast.  I planned on being on one of those rigs.  Or at least one headed in the same direction.
After spending the night pool side-- where I'd simply slipped into a hotel and gone up to its swimming deck, covered myself in towels, and slept until a very old guy in a speedo got the fright of his life after reaching for a towel following his early morning swim-- I headed south of the city.
The Port of Los Angeles is like a large, sprawling city.  There’s even stores.  If you ever fly into L.A. during the next port strike (because how can a filing clerk friggin' live on 112k, seriously?), you should look down as you circle for LAX-- witness the sea freight backed up for miles off the coast.  It's surreal.  From the air, it looks like massive skyscrapers have been tipped over by some petulant, infant giant and each have fallen into the ocean shallows.
There are a lot of trucks lining the east and south walls of the port, but the cars that wheel up each morning, those are in gated lots.  That’s because it’s full of BMWs, Infinities, Audis and some flashier muscle-car stuff. 
See, port workers make more than a hundred grand a year.  But you've got a better chance of collectively cobbling together a full set of teeth at a Larry the Cable Guy concert than getting a job at the Port.  It's all union and from what I've heard of it, gigs go to family of those already working there.  That said; don’t ever think you’ll get the nod if you showed up one day a sack over your shoulder and a tool belt around your waist looking for work.  It stays in the family.  That’s how it’s been, how it is, and how it will be when we’re dead (note: their funerals will likely be catered.  So, if you get a chance the grub's probably good).
Now, the rig driver with the blood-shot eyes who rambles up to the docks to load up makes considerably less than said port worker.  
This disparity is handled in the most respectful way possible there-- which is to say, not at all.
So, in L.A., truckers there hate the port rats and vice versa.  It’s a symbiotic relationship and you may easily guess which sees itself as the host and the other as the necessary parasite.  I was looking to use this prejudice to my advantage.
Since the attacks of September 11th, 2001 it’s far harder to get into airports, loading docks, and Dairy Queens. 
So, the Port Authority does not take kindly to interlopers, you might say.  The fence is high, capped with razor wire.  The guards have guns and the authority to use them and, frankly, have been looking to shoot someone for a very long time.  
Sure, there were easier ways of finding a trucker going all the way east-- like thumbing it on the interstate, hoping to flag down a rig heading through the high desert and up to Interstate 40.   From there, it's straight on 'til morning (or the morning after the morning after that).
Problem is, I'm not Jack Kerouac.  
And, if you were profiling (or, more germane here, if you were sizing someone up to give them a cross-country ride), yours truly falls into that mass shooter/Unabomber/peckish serial killer/clock-tower sniper category:  Misanthropic, twenty-something, pasty-white dude whose hair never looks combed quite right.
So, breaking into the U.S. Port of Los Angeles seemed like the most promising alternative.
Surprisingly, the water route is the simplest point of entry.  Gotta come up from the south because of the prevailing current, but if you can float low (thank you, fat!) and avoid the little boats with high seats and binoculars, you might get in.
It took me more than an hour to drift to where I’d be able to get up onto the dock.  There are maintenance ladders where crews climb down to service the underbelly of the seagoing vessels.  By the time I got to one, I felt like one of those pelicans that were in the paper after the BP gulf oil spill.  At least, the pelican had some nice woman with hairy legs trying to towel them off.
I wouldn’t have access to any sort of manifests that could tell me if there were any Made in Japan™ china shipments heading east nor could I go around asking too many questions.  Didn’t want to attract attention.
I assumed that just about everyone on foot had a visible badge, but I’d already planned for that when I got the hairy eyeball from a hairy dockworker.
“Hell you doin’?”
“What’s it look like I’m doing, asshole,” I said.
“Looks like you don’t got a laminate, that’s what it looks like.”  Hearing the words laminate come out of this guy's mouth was like watching a blue tick hound squat and push out a gold brick.  
“You got a fishing pole, I’ll get it back,” I said, slapping my jeans, the grimy water splattering around me, close to him.  He took a step back.
“Ain’t my fault you fell in, you idiot.  Lucky you didn’t fall too close to a hull, or you’d be crushed when the first bubbly wave blew by.”
Theatrically, I took my shirt off and rang it out, the water splattering and splashing at my feet, the disgusting oil slick quickly enraging my new friend.
“Don’t do that here,” he wailed.  “You go up and talk with Roger in the blue booth up there.  Get a temp pass and a couple rags and get that up.”
I held my hand up to him for a moment, gave him a half-hearted wave then headed to find Roger.
The rags ol’ Roger had got to me quickly.  I think he hoped I might change into them, worried I was dripping oily water onto his floor.  The “booth” was actually a utility trailer stuffed top to bottom with filing cabinets.  The ceiling tiles might have been white once, but now sagged, covered in a sticky yellow film.
The same color as Roger’s teeth.
Pulling out a pad of blue temp passes, he poised his pen above it.
“You stink, you know.”
I said, “You mean in a smelly way or are you attacking my character.”
He blinked, face dead.  “Let me see your I.D.”
I lifted a hand toward the door.  “It’s drying with my cash, some expired condoms and your sister's phone number on a picnic table.”
He squeezed the pen harder.  “Well, why… what?"
"Huh?"
"What'd you say?"
"When?"
"You said something about my sister?"
"No," I said, frowning.  "I said something about cash and condoms.  Did you hear that as something about your sister?  That's a kinda weird."
Something played across his face like, say, a mini-stroke.  Then he started into me again: "Well, what'd you leave your stuff out there for, goddamn it?"
“Because I don’t want all this oil to stain them,” I said, and plopped into a plastic chair, an action which made an unfortunate gastrointestinal sound.
Crossing his arms across his chest, he leaned a hand toward an ashtray.  I assumed it was an ashtray, but I couldn’t actually see an ashtray.  For all I knew it just was a pile of cigarette butts.  How the hell did Joe Camel even know I stunk?  He must have lost that sense years ago.
“You gonna tell me what happened?”
“I was helping with the cargo and—“
He nearly jumped out of his chair.  “You’re not supposed to go anywhere near the goddamn ship!  Our guys do that.”
“Just trying to help.”
“Do we look like we need any help here?”
I chose to keep my mouth shut on that because, one, it was too easy and, two, I have standards when it comes to sarcasm.  Instead, I pushed his rage button a little more.  Had to be careful though-- there's a delicate balance and very important distinction between manipulation and trigger.
“I could probably do it a damn sight better than your lazy lot here,” I said as he spit the smoke from his mouth.  “Now, why don’t you give me what I need—“
He stood and poked his finger into my chest.  “You don’t tell me what to do, boy.  Go get your soggy I.D. and march your flabby ass back here.”
I threw the rags down onto the desk, sending a few butts from his cigarette sculpture to the floor.  
“You clean your own mess then.”
He leaned onto his heels, tilted his head back and gnawed on his cigarette.  I wondered for a moment if I’d pushed it too far.  Sneaking into the Port of Los Angeles was not the best—
“You got five seconds to pick those up or I call security, and you’ll spend the night in jail.  We even got one right here at the Port.   And while you're drying out in a cell all night, we can tag your haul for Customs investigation.  Hope you don't got nothing that'll spoil.”
I opened my mouth, closed it again, nabbed the rags and then stormed out the door.
Once outside, breathing fresh air, I cut quickly toward a long row of warehouses.  Spotting a large open crate, it seemed best to slip into its darkness for a moment, and I stepped inside.
I pulled the short blue stack of passes out from the folds of the rags and groaned a little.  Sure, sometimes the lamest tricks are the best ones because no one expects you to try them anymore.  Doesn't make them any less lame.  
When ol’ boy started to calm down, the sparklers in his mind fizzling out as his hatred of yours truly faded, he’d soon realize that I’d swiped them when I’d picked up the rags.
Spotting a guy with a clipboard, I sided up to him and asked to borrow his pen.  Without looking up, he replied with a suggestion that I believe would be morally questionable if not physically impossible.  I turned away, and just slapped the blank patch on the left side of my chest.  Luckily, the patch was navy blue if one were to use a pen, you couldn’t see it very well.  I didn’t need to work long, just enough time to make it into a rig.  
If the interior of the docks had been conceived of some master plan, its exact design escaped me.  It felt more like the construct of an adolescent child-giant, if the kid one birthday had been given a weekly mailing from the Waterway line of Brio.  Each Saturday a new package-- it could be a Cigarette-Stained Managers' Trailer ™ or E. Coli-infused Toilet/Shower Stalls Module™-- and the child would simply slap the new chunk down next to wherever the previous had been plunked down.
Five minutes later, following the smell of grease, I found a roach coach with umbrella tables scattered in front of it.  
A couple truckers were milling around.  
Some gave me a once over, either giving me a shake of the head or a quick laugh.  Still recovering from my oil-water swim-- and without a mirror, I couldn't tell… but I'm sure I was about as welcome a sight as some oft-putting industrial-themed minstrel show-- none of the truckers invited me for a chat.
“Man, you stink,” the greasy man with the paper hat said.
“Been hearing that a lot recently,” I said, walking up to the man behind the register.  “Pizza and a coke.”
He plugged his nose with his fist and walked away to get my food.
Off the cemented patio area, there was a large stone planter doing a poor job of holding a collection of azalea bushes gone mad.  Sitting on the edge of the planter was a guy eating a polish sausage alone.  
“I’m looking for a spot downwind,” I said and he looked up to me with deep chestnut eyes, pausing briefly as he ate, watching as I settled in.
“Sorta fell in and the fellahs over there don’t want me too close,” I added, pointing over his shoulder.  “You don’t mind if I grab the other half of the planter’s ledge.”
He shrugged.  “It’s not mine.  I don’t believe I have any say in if you go there or not,” he said in a clipped accent.  His brown hand folded around the last half of his sausage and he pressed into his mouth until there was nothing visible.  I was impressed: for a small dude, he had a big mouth.
I pointed at him and said, smiling, “You know there’s places in West Hollywood where if you did that, some guys would probably throw dollar bills at you.”
Mid-chew he stopped and looked at me, wide-eyed.  A moment later, he buckled over nearly choking on his food.  Walking past him, I put my soda and pizza slice on the planter.  By the time I’d gotten a bite or two out of my food, he’d regained his composure.
“Hell, that was funny,” he said.  “Haven’t laughed like that in days.”
“Glad to hear,” I said. 
He then looked at me serious.  “Now, wait—you’re not from West Hollywood are you?”
I raised my hands.  “No, no.  I’m a Georgia boy.”
He laughed again and slapped the planter with an open hand.  He pointed and said, “I was making a joke just then.  Just kidding.”
“And I know you aren’t from West Hollywood.”
He shook his head, the smile melting a little.  “No.  Guyana.”  His eyes locked on mine.
“Never been, but I’ve always wanted to go to South America.  I hear the women are crazy.”
His teeth were white as sun-bleached bone.  Tipping his forehead toward the tables, he said, “These guys think I’m Middle Eastern, for crissakes.  It’s about time someone had a globe as a kid.”
“Yeah, had one but, to be honest, I wanted a puppy.”
“And you got a globe instead.”
“Had a hell of a time teaching it to fetch.  ‘Rollover’ was a snap, though.”
Another peal of laughter and he stuffed the remainder of the polish in his mouth, chewing and chuckling at the same time.
“Gotta go,” he said.
Nodding.  I said, “Where to?”
He gathered his trash and said, “Birmingham.”
“Alabama?” I sipped my drink and added: “Really?”

"NORMALLY, I DON'T LIKE to share my cab,” the man who’d introduced himself as Abe said when he’d eventually agreed to let me tag along.  A quick look at my blue (and blank) temporary I.D., and he probably knew something was up.  But, I guess I just have that kind of face.  That and I offered to share the driving.
No, I don’t know how to drive a rig.  Yes, that would be a problem.  But, I needed to be off the port and headed back home.
“Abe, I appreciate you making the exception.”
“There was a time you could pick up hitchhikers,” he said and adjusted the seat slightly, fiddled with the mirror, propped a two-liter bottle soda up in a gray plastic holder, bolted to the dash.  He did this all as he drove, as if he had done it a thousand times before, like a ritual or prayer before hitting the open road, some 18-wheeler's genuflect. 
Abe’s hand went up to a poor excuse for a mustache, and he scratched it with a couple bent fingers.  He said, “Even back in the day, I didn’t pick up the white hitchhikers.”
“Abe, I appreciate you making the exception.”
He smiled wide and nodded like he’d finally accepted his choice wasn’t going to turn out to be a bad one.
“You hear on the news about stuff all the time.  Out here, I can listen to satellite radio because regular radio is so terribly terrible.  Mostly I like the talk shows, but many of those are pretty incendiary,” he took a small hit of his soda, jerked the clutch with his arm and we were at cruising speed.  “The news is good, too, and you have to keep up.  But as for hitchhikers, it’s simple… Now, anytime you hear about someone pulling a gun at a club?  That’s a black guy.”
Still trying to get comfortable, fiddling with the seat pillows, I said, “Well that sounds a little racist.”
“No, no.  I’m brown, so it’s not.”
“That how it works?”
“Nobody told you?” he said and grinned again.  “Some guy rams a van full of people into a Chevy compact heading into San Diego, that’s a Mexican guy,” he said, checking his mirrors.  “But, you hear about the guy who kidnaps eighteen people, ties ‘em up, bleeds them with leeches until they’re dry and makes a two-person tent out of their entrails--”
“White guy.”
“Hell, yes,” he said and stared at me.  “Crazy sonsabitches you guys are.  I don’t know where it comes from.  Always eating someone’s pancreas and making lampshades out of people.”
Finally getting settled, I asked: “Is pancreas good?”
His eyes darted toward me.  “Mine isn't.” 

~~~



Chapter Nine

We’d hit some serious storms in Louisiana, but I’d slept through most of it.  After Abe blew his horn at a Lexus that had weaved in front of us, no more than two feet from the bumper, I was up for the rest of the trip.
Early on, it had become clear to my travel companion I didn’t know the first thing about driving a rig.  I offered to learn, but he said something about novices frying the clutch and that had been pretty much the end of the conversation.  Thankfully, he didn’t seem too upset nor, actually, too surprised.
Admirably, he’d driven straight through until we finally stopped an hour inside the east border of Texas.  Abe, my Guyanian pilot, was a machine.  
I’m sure the White Crosses he was popping every four hours could take some of the credit, too.  
Deeper into the country, the sky had become dark as Midwest oil and I could see Abe was fading.  A sign notified us that a rest stop was ahead, and I was a little relived when he pulled the rig down the next ramp.
Before he’d slept, he’d made me promise to wake him in exactly two hours and fifteen minutes.
“My body has a forty-five minute sleep cycle,” he’d explained.
“Okay.”
“And distances like this… with the pills… I’ll need just the three sleep cycles to make it the rest of the way.”
I popped the door open as he slid to the back of the cab where the bed was waiting for him.  “How’d you know you’ll fall asleep right away?”
“Right,” he said and nodded.  “Add about two minutes to the time.”
“You can fall asleep that fast?”
He nabbed a pillow and punched it fluffy.  “Shouldn’t be a problem.  I fell asleep at the wheel four times in the past half hour.”
I laughed, dropped to the dew-damp pavement outside the cab.  “You’re kidding right?”  The yellow windbreaker that Abe had leant me flapped slightly in the very light breeze. 
“Two hours, seventeen minutes.  Start now.”
Walking the lot to stretch my legs I saw that several other rigs had also parked for a quick break, each with running lights glowing in the dark.  Closer to the restrooms cars dotted the grass line.  One of them was small and stuffed to the back windows with clothes, boxes, blankets… I’d moved enough times myself to recognize someone else in the middle of that process.
When a couple emerged from opposite bathrooms at the exact same time with puffy, tired faces I knew they were the moving couple.  Neither said a word, a quick smile, hands falling together like two paired magnets, intertwining briefly, then they both headed to their respective car doors.
I found a bank of phones next to the snack machines.  Pavan had wired me what was left in my bank account a little after he’d hung up with me, about seventy bucks.  
Initially, I considered offering Abe some money for fuel but after watching him fill the first time, I realized my donation wouldn’t get us out of the county.  Maybe not out of the gas station.  Instead, I “sang for my supper,” trying to keep Abe awake arguing about politics and talking about movies we’d both seen.
The South American Rubber Duck had lent me his phone card after I promised to reimburse any minutes I used up. 
“Glad you’re up,” I said when Pavan answered the phone.
“I wasn’t until the phone rang, man.”
“Sorry.”
“Don’t worry about it,” he said dismissively.  “When are you back?”
“We should be in Birmingham by the early morning.”
“We?”
“I hitched a ride.  Trucker from Guyana.”
“Guyana?” Pavan said.  “You guys hauling explosive vests or something?” he said and laughed sleepily.  
“He lives in Birmingham, so my ride ends there.”
“Aw, Birmingham?  I suppose you want me to come get you in the morning.”
I watched the bugs swirl above me in the lamplight.  It seemed the swarm should have been thicker being this far out in the sticks.  That’s when I finally noticed that just above the collection of flying insects were a smaller, albeit far weightier, group of bats swooping down and eating the bugs.
“No, not right away.”
“That’s good.  I hate getting up early.”
“No, still get up,” I said.  “I want you to go into the library.”
“Ugh, too much library time lately.  It’s gonna make me lame.”
Several cars had come into the rest stop.  Riders and drivers dribbled from the cars like drunks, heading toward the bathrooms.
“Get all the books on tape you can,” I said, watching the zombie-like people.  “Anything science related.”
“This about your listening trick, Rainman?”
“Definitely about my listening trick” I said.  “Get all you can get.  And I need to borrow your portable CD player.”
“Busted.  Only one channel works.”
“No, that’s perfect, actually.”
Over the phone, his yawn sounded a little like a deep-jungle reptile seeking a mate.  After Pavan finished, he said.  “Anything more specific.  You know; science… sort of a broad field.”
I thought for a moment.  “Man, I wish I knew.  Physics, I guess.  But, not only.  Biology, Geography.  I think a majority of the stuff at the library up the road is fiction.  Whatever isn’t, clean them out.”
“Okay, that shouldn’t take too long,” he said.  “I’ll gas up and head to Birmingham after that.”
“I’ll be headed your way from Birmingham.”
“What?  How’s that?”
I shrugged.  “Gonna walk a bit.  Chance to think.”
“You’re walking from Birmingham?  On the interstate?”
“I probably won’t even make the interstate, but yeah, I gotta walk a bit,” I glanced down at my dirty shirt, and I looked about five months pregnant.  Obviously, it'd be breech.  “I need to start losing weight.  Sooner the better, I think.”
I gave him Abe’s home address.
After we hung up, I looked longingly at a Three Musketeers bar in the snack machine but convinced my fingers to punch in the number next to some trail mix.  It landed in the metal basket below with a thunk, and when I lifted it out it felt like used kitty litter.
Holding it to the light, hell, it looked like used kitty litter.
This was going to take some getting used to.
I grabbed a Coke from the machine—baby steps, right?—and walked vaguely in the direction of Abe’s rig.
My shadow grew large along the concrete sidewalk but dissolved into the blackness when it met the road.  To my left was a large swath of brilliant green grass— in the sodium lamp light it was the most emerald green grass I’d ever seen.  I headed toward it with the idea of maybe laying down on the soft earth and eating my half-healthy dinner.  When I saw the sign next to the stretch of lawn that indicated this was a “dog run”, then looked down to see a pile about ten feet away that was as large as the spare tire for a Honda Civic, I decided to hit a nice, hard bench somewhere.
The air was still good, not yet thick with summer’s oppressive humidity. In the weeks heading closer and closer to the solstice, the night air still whispered stories about the fury of winter, ice and wind that can stop the flow of time. 
The night air's sharp edge felt good in my lungs and I took in as much as I could then breathed it out slowly.  It left me a little light-headed, and when I did it again, slower this time, the haze of sleep lifted from my mind a little.
The bench was colder than the night air but, within a few moments, it warmed beneath me, no match for my bulbous bottom.  Elbows propped up on the back of the aluminum bench, I looked upward, taking in the stars that peppered the night sky.  
The cosmic late-show was dulled by the very bright lights of the rest stop—the lamplight seemed more appropriate for a prison yard, searching for reluctant tenants.  Naturally, it was for security purposes—to protect anyone traveling, especially foreigners who were dumping Euros or Yen or whatever ducats they carried into our shops and stores.  You’d never see lights like these, say, at a bus stop on Fourth and Lake in Minneapolis or anywhere down Ponce de Leon in Atlanta.  You know the sorta places where many folks would welcome the opportunity to turn night into day.  But out there in the middle of nowhere, the lights are so bright the people on the International Space Station have to pull the shades down if they want to get a good night’s sleep.
Standing again, my knees complained.  But, I wanted to move to a darker area, away from the bright lights of the rest stop, so that the stars were easier to see.  
The long cement sidewalk darkened with my every step and with each shade toward black took with it another degree of heat from the air.  I zipped Abe’s yellow coat to my chest.
My eyes fell upon a silver Chevy about a hundred feet ahead of me.  The vehicle’s sole occupant was the driver, who’d leaned the seat back, apparently hoping to catch a few z’s between long stretches of blacktop.
If it was dark enough to nap over that way, should make for some good stargazing.  And, checking the watch he’d given me while he slept, I saw that Abe was still in his first sleep cycle, leaving me with time to burn.
Taking another scoop of trail mix in my fingers, I was thankful it was already too dark to see exactly what sort of treasure the cellophane bag had given me.   As I chewed, I couldn’t identify most of it because, while there were many, many bits to get stuck into each and every tooth, there was little taste one could savor and enjoy.
Anxious to rinse the dry, bitter taste away, I tipped the Coke into my mouth a little too quick, and it foamed up, and froth and bits of trail mix bubbled up to my lips and began dripping from my chin.  I looked better suited for the green, green path next to me rather than the sidewalk designed specifically for the non-frothing humans.  Wiping my mouth with the jacket’s sleeve, I came about thirty feet away from the driver napping in the Chevy.
I perked up a little because from the curvature of the person’s body, it was apparent this was a woman.  
And, no, for my part there were not any illusions that a car-seat-canoodling rest stop-rendezvous was slated for my evening's near future.  
But after sitting next to a little brown man hopped up on speeders, which squeezed an odd, chemical smell from his pores into the cab’s air, it was nice to see the sensual shape of a girl’s body.
Up to my left, the shape of a picnic table began to form in the night’s dark blues and purples, and I planned on making that my cot for about two hours.  But, after seeing the super-doo back on the dog run, the sidewalk seemed the best path until I got a little closer.  
When I was just a few feet away, the woman in the car stirred.  At first, she just seemed restless; it’s tough to fall asleep in a car, for sure.  Then, with the seat back, her hair draped over most of her face, I could see that she had an eye open; now watching me.  
Instantly, feeling horrible because she seemed to be afraid of the man coming down the sidewalk, I thought about making my turn into the grass toward the picnic table, but with just the one pair of shoes, and the very real possibility of a fecal landmine, the sidewalk was still the best choice.
A moment later, she sprang up and started the car.
“Hey!”  I raised my hands up, arms bent at the elbows, as if she’d pulled a gun on me.  “I’m just going to the bench up there,” I called out and pointed.  She wouldn’t turn to me, terrified, and slammed the car in reverse.
Inside the car, her arm flew up to the back of the passenger-side headrest and she gunned the engine.  Seconds later, she clipped the back end of a station wagon that was just entering the rest stop, splitting the faux wood paneling along its doors.
The injured car blared its horn as it spun clockwise two, if not three, times.
I said under my breath, “Holy cats…”
As the spinning car came to a halt, the two people in the front seat of the station wagon fought off an avalanche of clothes and black trash bags and boxes and what was likely the entire contents from their previous residence.  The passenger maneuvered the front door open and a waterfall of shirts, pants and shorts cascaded over his head, as he fell onto the ground.
In the Chevy, the woman I’d scared to death was fumbling with the keys, trying to fire the ignition after it had stalled.
“Are you okay?” I called to a kid, who was trying to stand, stepping out the open door and over a pile of clothes.  “You guys okay?”
“Shit,” he said, stumbling.  “Yeah, I think.  Lemme check my bro’ here,” he said and wobbled in front of the car to the driver’s side.
I ran up to the woman’s car and knocked on the passenger side window.
“You okay in there?”
Stunned, her head spun toward at me, locked onto my eyes for only a second and turned her face away.
“Hey…”
The next moment, the car started and leaped forward, made a wide arc onto the grass, spitting up dirt, found the road again and melted into a pair of red demon eyes as it sped away, eventually turning and heading up the interstate, swallowed by dark of night.
The young guy who’d come out of the car shouted something at me, but I was so stunned.  That woman—
“Hey, man,” he said, helping his friend from the driver’s seat.  “You get a license plate?”  Checking on his friend sitting on the pavement, he then walked around to see the damage.  I stared in the direction the Chevy had taken off.  “Man, look at this!  Look at my car!”
Still in shock at what I’d seen, I mumbled, asking, “Your buddy okay?”
He walked toward me.  “Seems alright, just dazed.  You catch a license plate on that asshole?”
I shook my head.  “Sorry, man.”
“Get a look at the driver at all?”
“Looked like a woman but, uh, didn’t see her face.”
He swore to himself and walked over to the pile of clothes, digging around.
Of course, I had seen the woman’s face.  And it was actually the second time I’d ever seen her.  But, it was the hair I’d noticed first when I’d gotten close.  Before, she’d been with three others, and had tossed her hair back— I remember thinking— like in a shampoo commercial.  The first time I had seen that woman was by the fountain at the Marietta Square.  
Just outside my apartment in Marietta, Georgia.
Nearly five hundred miles away from the rest stop.

"YOU WANT BREAKFAST, AT least?”
I said, “No,” and my stomach growled at me, but it was time to get on the road.  I wouldn’t get very far on foot but just the idea of moving, any motion, appealed to me.  Lately, I’d felt very Blanche Dubois-y with my serious dependence upon the kindness of strangers and needed to shake that off a little.  It was time to take manhood back a bit.
“How about a fruit bar?” Abe said, smiling his brilliant, white-Chiclets teeth.  “For the road.”
Nibbling at my handheld breakfast, it wasn’t very long before Pavan eased up next to me.
I looked back and the house I’d just left was still in sight. “Dude, I walked, like, a block.”
He popped the door open.  “Hey, awesome, man.”
Abe had given me a composition book—the ones with the black and white marbling on the cover.  It looked like he had a stash of them, with five kids I didn’t blame him, and he said he didn’t mind letting me have one.
Once in the car, I started taking some notes of what had happened over the past several days.  When I snapped the pen into the book and stuffed both inside the glove compartment, Pavan took this as his cue to speak up.
“So, you think you know this chick?  The one at the rest stop?”
“I don’t know her.  I saw her outside my place that first night, when you and me were hanging down stairs in the square.”
“You sure?”
“I’m sure.”
Pavan ran his fingers through his mop.  “Damn, man.”  He thought for a moment.  “Doesn’t make sense.  You’re really sure?”
“That’s the least of my worries right now.  I can’t go home or The Mentor’s going to show up, without notice.  I’m off to la-la land again.”
“Wha?  You’re calling this prick your mentor?”
“Gotta call him something.  ‘Mentor’ has a nice ring of irony to it.”
“’Asshole’ has a good ring to it, too.”
“Actually, it was your idea.  You called him that first.”
“Oh?  Yeah, then, that works.  Good idea.”
I looked into the back seat.  Thankfully, when your best friend is a stoner, there’s always munchies around.  But sometimes, not for long.  I reached back and pulled up a bag of chips, cheddar cheese flavor.  The moment before I popped the bag, I stopped.  My shoulders slumped a little.  I said, “You don’t have anything—“
“Dude, I’ve got EVERYTHING back there,” Pavan said, puffing with pride.
“You got anything, you know, kinda healthy?”
He shot a look at me.  “Well, no, I don’t have that back there.”
Well, the choice had been made for me.  Either it was cheesy chips or starve.  I chose the former and my stomach, for the moment, was happy with me again.
“You get the discs from the library?”
Pavan’s hair bobbled for a second.  “Yep, fourteen all together.”
“Damn.”
“Yeah, all sorts of stuff.  Physics, geology, horticulture—“
“Horticulture.  Dunno if that’ll come in handy.”
“Maybe.  I don’t know what it even means,” he said and grinned wide.  “I do know that it had the word ‘whore’ in it, though, man.”
I chuckled and settled back into the spongy seat.
He said, “They’re in the backseat in the little kid backpack.  Player’s in there, too.  I took the batteries outta the TV remote control since there’s never anything good on anyhow.”
“Hey, awesome.”
“And, I put my copy of Drink & Drain in there, as a bonus.  You said put everything in, so I’m donating it to the cause.”
“Drink and Drain.”
“Yeah, got it for a birthday present when I turned twenty-one.  It’s how to say ‘I would like a beer, please’ and ‘where exactly is the restroom in your fine establishment?’  In one hundred sixty-two languages.”
“Very helpful.”
“You said everything I could find.”
Leaning into the back seat, I unzipped the mouth on Spongebob Squarepants, and reached inside.  The jagged edges of CD jewel cases were nipping at my wrists as I pulled out one, randomly.
“So, what’s the plan?  You can’t go back home, man.”
I’d nabbed a disc by Steven Hawking called The History of the Universe.  Seemed like a good place to start.  Popping the bud in my left ear, I hit play.  As the introduction music swelled then faded, and words began dripping into my skull, I turned to Pavan.
“Actually, we’re headed there first.  My apartment.”
“You wanna go back home?  That’s f-in’ nuts, man.”
“Just for a min—“
“No way!  He’s probably totally casing the joint.”  His hair shook with panic as he took an aggressive drag on his cigarette.
“We’ll sneak in.  Around back,” I said thumbing volume down a little on the CD player, half listening.  “Don’t worry about it.  You can wait in the car.”
“Doesn’t sound like a good idea.  What do you need from there?  Undies, socks?  I mean, you’re pretty ripe, but I got stuff you can wear.”
Looking at him through the haze pouring from his mouth, I shook my head.  “You want me to wear your underwear, dude?”
“Not the ones I’m wearing,” he said, and then thought about it for a moment.  “Yeah, we better stop by your place.”
Listening to the universe’s story, as we thought we knew it, I could still take some notes and collect my thoughts.  In high school and, as I was beginning to recall bits at a time, this was an easy way to study.  My eidetic audio memory could split between two sources fairly easy.
Studying is far more enjoyable if you can do it while watching a Godfather marathon on TNT.
At the apartment, I wanted more than to just get a change of clothes or two.  A shower, certainly, but mainly I wanted to look under my kitchen sink.


 When my new “landlord” barged in on Laura, he went and fiddled under the sink.  It’s doubtful he was fixing the plumbing, despite how bad it needed to be tended to.
“So let’s say you find a Mr. Microphone under your sink, then what?”  Pavan whispered a few hours later as we slowly trolled the dark alley behind Wicked Lester’s.  Both of our heads were swiveling slowly from side to side, like those old dog figurines people used to put on their dashboard, checking for any sign him.
“Man, I have no idea.  I’m playing this by ear.”
Pavan chewed the butt of his cigarette.  
“Listen, my cousin’s got this place up on Red Top Mountain.  Why don’t you go hang there for a couple, you know, years or so?”
“Can’t do that.”
“Listen, I appreciate you want to Rambo this guy but remember your buddy Pavan.  I have a trick stomach, here.  I can’t handle so much stress.”
“How can you be stressed?”  I said as we drove, motioning him to head toward the back fire escape.  We’d waited until dusk because we wanted it to be dark enough that we wouldn’t be seen, but not too dark where The Mentor could materialize out of the shadows.  Dusk seemed like the perfect “chickenshit” hour for us.
“My stress is maxxed, man!”
“You smoked two joints in the past five minutes,” I said, put my hand out, fingers splayed.  “You’re more likely fast asleep on your couch, the TV was left on and there’s an old episode of Kojak or something on the tube and you’re internalizing any sort of anxiety from the storyline.”
Pavan held the cigarette smoke in his lung for a moment.  “Never liked Kojak.  Hated the bird.”
“That’s Baretta.”
“No.”
“Yeah, Baretta had the bird.  Kojak was the lollipops guy.”
That seemed to rock Pavan’s world a little.  “You sure?”
“Yep,” I said and told him to stop the car, parking near the Dumpster.  “I always liked Columbo myself.  Loved that guy.”
“Couldn’t watch it.  Dude had that fucked up eye, and I couldn’t ever take him seriously because I’d be giggling about his eye.”
Quietly, I popped the door open.  “You ever thought about maybe easing off on the dope a little?  I mean, just a little?”
Pavan, now parked and his engine off, for the first time put his seat belt on.  “Why?”  
I pulled everything out of my pockets but couldn’t fit any of it into the overstuffed glove compartment.  Under the front seat was also out of the question.  Junk everywhere.
I said, “Man, what is all this—whoa, shit!”
“What?”
“What is that, man?  Take it off!”
While I’d been concentrating on hiding my stuff, Pavan had slipped on a rubber mask that looked like it had been pulled out of some post-Halloween bargain bin ten years ago.
“No way,” he said, his voice muffled by the mask.  It was a horrible combination of demon dog and wild boar with a lot of the paint flaking away.  The pink plastic underneath made it look more stupid than scary.  It was still scary.
“What is that?”
“It’s Uncle Rolo’s Chupacabra mask.  He wears it when he buys dope from his dealer so nobody recognizes him.”
“Take it off,” I whispered.  “You’re creeping me out, man.”
“No way,” the pink, rubber demon said to me.  “Incognito, hombre.”
As I slipped out of the car, I crouched low, hidden by the door.  It was getting darker by the minute and that only compressed my chest, making it even harder to breathe.  Pavan had already affirmed I was doing a solo mission.  It took the two doobies just to get him to drive to my place.
Not that I couldn’t drive— just hadn’t since the accident and, sure, there’s an I.D. card in my wallet, not a license.  I don’t mind driving without a license, but in the instance that I currently could, say, have to run for my life at the highest speed possible, it was best to have someone ready to fire up a getaway car.
It’d taken a moment, but right then the dome light popped on and Pavan’s hand had shot to it like a frog going after a fly, trying to dampen the glow.  His fingers looked blood red covering the light—not exactly the best image to carry in my head, wandering into the dark.
Crossing in front of the car’s grill, I gave a quick wave to my friend who responded by tapping his wrist where a watch would have been.  Unable to pick up any nuanced expression on his face-- just two pin-pricked pupils staring out from a Chupacabra mask-- I inferred as best I could that he was hoping his friend would hurry the fuck up.
The smell of the Dumpster made my eyes water but, still, I tried to scan the alley, the neighboring windows, the rooftops—The Mentor hadn’t come at me in full-on attack mode in the past.  He preferred getting me snoozing, which, by the way, really pissed me off and screwed a bit with my sleeping patterns.  Still, I wasn’t taking any chances.
I slipped a butt cheek on the car’s hood and scooted myself up.  Standing, with my feet on the bumper, I took a step cautiously toward the Dumpster, directly under the fire escape.  That always seemed like some sort of fire code violation.  If there actually were a fire, they’d know the upstairs resident got out because there would be one guy standing there in his gray undies, smelling like two-day-old stromboli.
But, this time, I was happy the Dumpster was there because it was the only way to get to the retractable metal ladder.  
Leaning forward, both of my hands nabbed the bottom rung of the iron ladder, and it came down with a jerk and made far more clackity noise than I would have liked.  Obviously, it had been far too loud for Pavan’s nerves because a muffled ‘DUDE’ floated up from the car below (muffled by both the car and the mask, naturally).
In my bedroom there is a small wooden paddle.  It has been the impetus of many jokes over the years because I’ve alluded to late night spanking sessions with various overnight visitors in the past.  In truth, while tubing down the Chattahoochee River one day, it came into my possession after a poking around on shore searching for somewhere to take a leak.  Had it ever since.
Now, just because I say “little” as in child size, it shouldn’t be perceived as light-weight.  It’s very, very sturdy.  Very heavy.
This fact was once again impressed upon me because, at the top of the ladder, I slid my window open slowly and poking my head between the bedroom curtains, the child size wooden paddle cracked across the back of my skull, and it sounded like a major league ball player had hit a grand slam in the bottom of the ninth.
The world turning black and purple with sparkly stars, I fell forward, tumbling inside. As my shoulder blades slammed into the hardwood floor, a figure stepped over me, the kiddie paddle cocked back for another whack.  Colors without color swirled around me as my consciousness began to slip away.
When finally a face materialized out of the darkness, a moment before passing out, I said: “Hi, baby.”

BLINKING, BEING PULLED BACK into the light, my fevered dreams had been about drowning.  My breath was ragged, and rainbows of colors smeared across my brain as light refracted through droplets of water… then after another splash onto my face, I coughed away this latest assault, too.
“Hey, I’m awake,” I said wiping the water from my eyes.
Laura was sitting above me, on the edge of my bed, empty Big Gulp cup in her hand.  Her features were lit by the glow of the light in the bedroom, and they didn’t look very happy.
She still had the heavy wooden paddle in her hand.
“Where the hell were you?”
“Ah,” I said, edging up to my elbows.  “That is a very long story.  Most of which is boring but there are short bits in the middle that scared the ever living hell out of me.”
“I heard the car pull up.  Pavan’s still down there waiting, I think.”  A sigh.  “Dex, what am I supposed to do about you?”
“What part?  My financial instability?  You could throw a couple bucks at my rent if you’re living here now.”
“I was looking for you, dipshit.”
I stood quickly, too quickly, grabbed the edge of the windowsill and steadied myself.  Just because Laura was armed and, frankly, quite good with a kiddie paddle (hmm, note to self for later), it didn’t make me any more comfortable being in my apartment again.  The Mentor wasn’t after her, he was after me.
“Anyone come around while I was gone?  That new landlord, maybe?”
She threw her weapon down on the bed and padded slowly into the living room.  All I wanted to do was get a look at what might be under the sink, get some clothes and be gone.  But, now, I had to answer to the warden.  No time.  But, she deserved to hear some sort of explanation.  I felt I owed her that, at least.
So, I lied.
“Listen, baby, a couple guys… I owe them money.”
“Money?  For what?”
Heading to the fridge, I popped it open and saw the beers right where they’d been the first time I got knocked out.  Pass.
Laura sat in one of my wobbly kitchen chairs and put her Birkenstocks up on the other one.  There was just the light patch of skin above her shoes to the cuff of her leggings.  I could see that she hadn’t shaved there in, well, never. 
That really never bothered me too much.  Not much of a leg man.  Nor am I a hairy leg man.  I do like that part at the top where the legs meet, however.  Hair’s not a big factor there unless it looks like the young lass is wearing burlap panties.  However, this is not a deal-breaker, mind you.
“I don’t need this shit, Dex.”
“No, no,” I said and edged toward the sink.  “You don’t.  I’m not going to drag you into any of it.  I’m a big boy; I’ll deal with it all by myself.”
“Good.”
I popped open the cabinet under the sink, half expecting some ill-tempered bridge troll to pop out and clock me with a broken axe handle.
No troll.
No listening device.  And no hole-the-size-of-a-listening-device, either.  I had no idea what I was looking for.
“What are we?”
Maybe it was behind the pipes a bit.  
Too dark.  
I didn’t have a flashlight, so I stood and looked for a bit of newspaper.
Laura asked again: “What are we?”
The Mentor had been in this very apartment.  He’d abducted me twice, and I nearly died both times.  My hands were still raw, my thighs burnt, every muscle still logging complaints at the front desk, and she wanted to talk about our relationship.
Sure, I couldn’t blame her.  I gave her nothing to go on.  She now saw me as some sort of gambling addict or something.  My guess is she was leaning heavily toward “or something.”
“I can’t really answer that, Laura,” I said rummaging through the junk drawer.  I came out with a brown paper lunch sack.  “Now’s just not a really good time for me.”
“You think it’s a good time for me?”
“Well, you did get to hit me with the paddle,” I said turning the electric stove on.  “So you got that going for you.”
“You were gone for days, Dexter.”
“I know.”
“And you never called me once to tell me where you were.”
This was the smart part of my day where I didn’t tell her I couldn’t remember her phone number.  Maybe not ‘smart.’  Could be pure survival instinct.
“I don’t want you involved,” I said as the stove’s element began to glow red.  I tore the bag into a couple long strips and took one, twisted it tight.  “Trust me; you don’t want any part of this.”
“Dexter, I don’t know if I want any part of you.”
The paper bag came alight, and I knelt down in front of the sink.  “Oh, I know there’s one part you want.”
“Be serious,” she said, her head back, and her eyes fixed on the ceiling.  “Not like I can’t get that anywhere I want.”
Hmm.  Kinda didn’t like that notion.  Had she—HOT HOT HOT.
“Ow!”  I said and dropped the flaming piece of paper bag.  Standing, I stepped on it, leaving a dark, ashy smear on the dull wood floor.  
“Sorry, but it’s the truth, babe,” she said, misunderstanding my exclamation of pain.  “I haven’t… you know.  Not that there haven’t been offers.  I just want to know if we’re a couple.  Do you want to be a couple, Dex?”
The second strip of bag was lit, and I headed toward the darkness under the sink again.  Just past the—
“Dex!”
Startled, I dropped the paper onto a pile of old dishrags.  Afraid they might catch fire, I had to put the bag out with an open palm.  Yes, it hurt.
She asked, “What are you doing?”
Running out of paper bag, I stood slowly, both knees making a popping noise.  
“That guy who was in here, he wasn’t my new landlord,” I finally said grabbing the last piece of bag, lighting it.  “I want to see if he put a listening device in my kitchen.”
“Listening device,” she said and stood up quickly.  “Why?”
“Well, I'm not an expert in these things but, and this is just me taking a shot in the dark, but if I were a bettin' man, I'd say it would be to listen to me when I didn't know it” 
She took a couple tentative steps into my kitchen, bending at the knee and trying to see past me under the sink.
“This about those guys?  The guys you owe money?”
I shrugged.  “This is about the trouble I’m in, yes.”
From behind me, I heard: “What do you see?  See anything?”
“Not really.  I just—“
“There,” she said, hand jutting under my arm.  “Look at that part on the upper left.”  I moved the bag over to where she was pointing and saw a black circle.  It looked like the coupling a car cigarette lighter might fit into, except smaller.
“That does look weird.”
“Looks like something plugged into it,” she said, her voice a whisper.
The paper burnt out in my fingers, and I stood and tossed the embers into the dirty sink.  Leaning against the cracked porcelain, I closed my eyes and tried to envision the black and silver coupling in my head.  As I did, I made a quick trip to the bedroom.
“What do you—Dex?  Where’d you go the past couple days?”
When I came back into the room, I had the kiddie paddle with me.  Getting down on one knee, I pulled it back and drove into the drywall just below the strange coupling.  It gave away easy after years of dampness.  A couple more shots and the piece dangled free, and then fell to bottom of the cabinet under the sink.
Picking it up, I lifted it out and held it to the dim kitchen light.  I wasn’t sure what it was, but it wasn’t much.  This looked like it could be just the power supply to whatever fit into the mounting on the front.  Two bare copper wires twisted into a plastic harness that now held a circuit of eight fat and corroded D-cell batteries.  Like the ones used in flashlights that cops can use to beat people with.
Whatever was under my sink had needed a fair bit of power.  Or it had needed power for a significant length of time.
And whatever it was, it was gone now. 

~~~



Chapter Ten

I woke up because the sun was beginning to hurt my skin.  Not yet burning but even the April sun in Atlanta can get palm-on-the-skillet hot in a matter of minutes.  Incongruous to that feeling was the morning dampness that had seeped all the way down through my clothes.
Looking over at my friend, I could see what appeared to be two dragonflies humping in his hair.
“Pavan, wake up.”
The sun seemed to notice me stirring and grew more intense, as if casting its curious gaze toward some new, odd creature, and I shielded my eyes from it with a hand.  
Now partly shaded, all I had to contend with was the sunlight reflecting off several dozen empty beer cans, so while the onset of a full blown migraine hadn’t stopped, I'd at least let the air out of its tires a little.  
“Dude, you got bugs in your hair,” I said.
Pavan flopped over clumsily and fell out of the plastic chaise.  The clatter of aluminum cans he’d tumbled into scared him to his feet and for a moment, he just stood and wobbled a little in very small circles.
“What happened to my house?”
I closed my eyes, which felt ready to burst.  “We’re not at your house.  We’re in your uncle’s backyard, man.”
“Uncle Rolo?  I don’t remember any of last night, I don’t think.”
“Yep,” I said and leaned over the edge of my own lounger, one knee on the ground.  My hangover had called upon a marching band to perform in the base of my skull.  “My place, your place.  Both not safe.”
“Okay.”
“Uncle Rolo’s seemed safe as long as we didn’t actually go inside.”
“Okay.”  Pavan shivered.  “Uncle is a nasty dude.  That was a very good call.”
Pushing up with the little energy afforded me that early, I stood, all my bones and joints cracking and popping.  I needed a drink.  Surprisingly, water would be the preferred choice, at that point.
I opened my eyes and looked just past my friend’s shoulder.  I hadn’t noticed the huge pile of trash in the backyard.  That would explain the bug bites.
“Your uncle.  He a garbage man or something?  Taking a little work home?”
Pavan wandered to the side of the house, thankfully, out of the punishment of the sun.  He put his hand out to steady himself.  Leaning forward, he closed his eyes, coughed and something awful came out.
“Rolo doesn’t think you should pay for basic services.  He’s got this whole… social welfare thing in his head on account he lived in Cuba for a while.”
“He lived in Cuba?”
“Well, no.  Close to Cuba.”
“Close.”
“Orlando.”
“Ah, sure.” I said, pulling my shoulder blades together and losing count of the vertebrae as they cracked.  “So he doesn’t pay for garbage pickup.  He piles it in his backyard.”
Pavan turned just slightly, cracking one eye open.  “That’s his pool.”
“I don’t see a pool, man.”
“Under the garbage, dude.”
I needed a shower, but there was no way my tender morsels were going to be exposed at Uncle Rolo’s.  Before getting too far into the case of beer last night, Pavan and I had talked about heading back to his place to get cleaned up.  The Mentor seemed to like the nightlife, he liked to boogie—it was probably okay to venture into potentially dangerous territory when the sun was up.
We’d both had passed out in the lawn chairs on the back deck.  I was soaked with dew—I prayed to God it was dew—and feeling really, really nasty, like I was covered in a cold film.
“You ready to pick up your ride, man?”
I smiled.  On the day's agenda: go get “my” van.  
I didn’t have any ownership papers or insurance or even a valid license.  Worst case scenario, Pavan drives it over to some skeevie used car lot and we get a couple bucks for it.
But, frankly, the thought of having wheels again… it was starting to grow on me.  Even if the thing was originally meant to be my coffin, this could be a part of my restart at living again.  It could be symbolism.  Or irony.  Whatever—it was a free vehicle and didn’t even have to go on Oprah to get one.  
“You’re getting that stupid look on your face,” Pavan said, breaking my spell.
“What stupid look?”’
“Like you’re really proud of some thought you have, and you’re gonna tell me about it, but it’ll be some bullshit I don’t get.”
“I do that?”
Pavan nodded slowly.  “Enough for me to remember that look on your face.”
I shrugged.  “Just gas.”
“Do that out here then, not in my car,” Pavan said picking up his hoodie.  “My little rearview mirror pine tree is sorta beat down by now, can’t fight that stuff so good.”

IT WAS THE SECOND time I’d been to a cop hive in a week.  It’s not that I don’t like the police, but they always make me feel that any minute, they’re gonna look at me sideways, then squirrel me away into a backroom somewhere, put my butt in a metal folding chair with a naked bulb overhead, and hit me with a ton of questions I couldn’t answer.
Watching the sergeant on the phone, as he tapped at the oldest computer terminal in the world, it occurred to me my hesitation just being there could have to do with my father.  I have some faint memories of the man, but one that stands out pretty clearly is his unwarranted fear of police.
My train of thought was interrupted: Pavan kept elbowing me in the ribs because this very hot woman, tapping away on her Blackberry, had sat down next to me in the waiting area.  She had one of those electronic cell-phone roaches stuffed in her ear, but I don’t think she was talking to anyone at the moment.  
I can’t stand when people do that.  If you’re not using it, Uhura, take the bug outta your ear.
Back to my passed-down police willies: My father was always afraid he’d be busted by the cops for a crime he didn’t commit.  Seriously, he'd vocalize this.  His crippling phobia sounded like the plot line of some shitty, low-rent cable TV movie.  
Which was stupid to begin with.  My father never did anything, never went anywhere, and didn’t have any shady friends who’d show up in the middle of the night with a handgun wrapped in a bloody dishcloth.  Hands down, he was the most boring man I’d ever known.
And, okay, don't think because I've just set that little tableau now I'm going to suddenly reveal later he was some heretofore, yet unknown to me, super-cop/spy-who-didn't-come-in-from-the-cold and that-- huzzah!-- explains why The Mentor was screwing with me all this time, because mine was a family of super-assassins that blah blah blah f'ing blah.
Nope.  That's the whole thing.  He was a boring but paranoid dude.  End of story.
But I wondered if his copbusted-phobia, maybe uttered aloud every so often as I hung in the doorway hopping up and down in my favorite bouncy swing as an infant, somehow had seeped into me.
“Dude, I can see into her blouse when she turns,” Pavan whispered into my ear.
I nodded.  The woman was wearing a charcoal gray blazer and skirt, bone white shirt, and shiny, black heels the color of volcanic rock (a shade I’d only recently become familiar with).  
The paper stick of a lollipop poking through her red lips was a nice touch, if not trying a little too hard.  But you can’t blame a girl for tryin’, and it was the sexist thing I’d seen all day.  Not that waking up with Pavan next to a ton and a half of garbage and a ride over in his junky car to the Fulton County impound lot could compete with an attractive businesswoman enjoying a sucker.
“William Sterrett,” the cop at the counter barked, not looking up.  A guy in his twenties and already losing his hair, stood up from a seat on the far wall.  Everyone was here to get their car out of impound, for whatever reason.
Young Master Sterrett looked like he wasn’t the sort that ended up in the belly of a police station.  Probably had something to do with a girl.  Or someone like yours truly.  I haven’t been in trouble much myself but that mostly because I have a sixth sense about clearing out before badges start flashing.  Sterrett, obviously, did not possess this trait and it would likely get him back within these walls at least one more time before he decided “the edge” wasn’t exactly the place for him.
“She is not wearing a bra, man.”  Pavan’s mouth was way too close to my ear, and I wiped the spittle away.  As he pulled back, I glanced over at her, then shoo, my head.
He nodded, insistently, but I shook my head again, this time adding a frown.
“Yes way, man,” he said in a low growl.
At the counter, the sweaty William Sterrett was signing papers.  Nearly done.  
After a moment more, it was our turn.  The adrenaline in me pumped a little.
The thought that maybe some answers to my crazy week might be that much closer if I could simply poke around my former watery prison.  I was just moments from getting the van.
“No way I can give you that van,” the desk sergeant said, staring down a large bulbous nose with pores large enough for June bugs to play hide-and-seek in.
I looked at Pavan and he had his game face on.  Staring straight ahead.  This was his showdown face.  He doesn’t win many arguments with it, as he adopts the tactic of actually not making an argument—instead just staring at his adversary.
Surprisingly, it works more than you think.
Sizing up Sponge-knob, however, I knew it wasn’t going to win him over.
“Says right there, though,” I said leaning in and pointing at the screen.  “It belongs to me.”
“You don’t have a title.  You don’t have proof of insurance.  You don’t even have a set of keys for the vehicle.”
“Left them in the van.”
“After you drove into the quarry?”
I shrugged.  “Didn’t really need them.  Van being under a hundred yards underwater and all.”  I had a thought.  “Um… is my house key on there?  Any other—“
“No,” he said reading the screen, happy to interrupt me.  “Key was in the ignition.  No key chain—” he slammed a ledger closed in front of him— “NO other keys.”
I turned to Pavan, who was whittling away his opponent’s resistance with his stare of doom.  
Frankly, my heart wasn’t dead set on getting the vehicle, but it was the only link I had to my part-time abductor.  I really doubted the VIN number would do us much good but at least the van was some kind of link.  Maybe there was something there.
“What do I need to get my… van back?”
The sergeant sighed.  Either because he felt sorry for me, the idiot, or who knows?, maybe Pavan had really mad skills, he said, “You have insurance on the vehicle, I hope.”
“Sure.  Of course.”
“Bring the card in.  You pay the fee, fill out a proper title, and the van is yours.”
“Fee?”
“Two hundred fifty bucks,” he said.  “Maybe more because we had to drag it out of the quarry.  They fished for your van for an hour before the diver showed up.  You know how deep that quarry is?  Our guy's had to do down in case there was somebody still in that shitty van of yours.”
“Sure do,” I said and started to turn away.  “Can I at least get my Stones’ tape back?” 
“What?”
“It’s my grandmother’s,” I said.  “Or was. She gave it to me.”
Sergeant Spongy said, “I don’t have time for this.”
“Seriously, it’s all I have of her,” I said.  “She knew the guys, you know.  It’s a studio issue, Keith gave it to her.”
A shake of the head, but he was listening.
“Grandma was a looker, a groopie,” I said, trying to lock eyes onto the sergeant.  “She was… um… with all the guys.  Except, Charlie the drummer.  Not at first.”
“No kidding,” he said, not excited.  I didn’t know if he was humoring me or if he was so completely devoid of humor that he was actually incapable of it.
“No kidding.  She said he frightened her… something about him not even needing a pedal for that base drum of his, he could just swing—“
“ALL right,” the desk sergeant barked at me.  Pulling a pen out, he scrawled something on a pad.  “After being underwater, your tape’s gotta be wrecked.”  He handed me a slip of paper.
“After Charlie Watts, so was my nana,” I said and he pointed to a door that led to the lot, his face looking as if he’d swallowed a bug.

I'D NABBED A PENCIL in the waiting room and now handed it to Pavan.
He whispered: “What do I do with this?”  
A tall skinny cop walked us through the lot, leading the way several paces ahead of us.  He said we could go in: get the tape but nothing else.  
“VIN number,” I said and eyeballed the pencil and paper.  "You get the number while I fiddle with the radio.”
Pavan’s face twisted for a second then it finally hit him.  We didn’t have to have the van to get the number.  Just access to it.
My friend hopped in spot for a second throwing his hands in the air like Rocky at the top of the steps, and I smiled and pushed his arms downward, trying to calm him a bit.  
“Rock, dude!” he whispered.  

SURE, I MAY HAVE been able to call Detective Clower or even just pop by the Department of Motor Vehicles but that would trigger too many questions with no firm guarantee I’d come away with a name.  Also, the DMV is bureaucratic and ritualistic torture.  You can witness clear violations of the Geneva Convention three steps into the place.  Even Comrade Stalin didn’t commission a DMV to be built in the Motherland— true.  Too extreme.  So, no way I was going there.  Instead, Pavan got the vehicles I.D. number to his half brother in Texas.  
“Gary said we owe him a case of beer for the guy’s name,” Pavan said.
He’d smoked in his crappy car so long that when the sun was out and shining bright; it looked like you were driving through the third act of a John Carpenter horror movie.  
“How can you see, man?”
Pavan reached between the seats and grabbed a tissue, trying to rub away a clean area to peek through.  He was just smearing the smoke residue around, making rainbows in the glass.
“Pull over here, next right,” I said.
“I’m good on gas.”  Pavan pulled up to the convenience story and when he stopped, I jumped out.  “If you’re going in, get me a Yoohoo, man.”  
Ten seconds later I was back with a squeegee from the pump island.  Popping open the passenger side door, I put the spongy part of the squeegee on the inside of the glass—
“HEY MAN, what the hell?”
--and scrubbed away at the grime on the window.  Droplets of water fell like fat, lazy rain onto his dashboard, which only collected into dustballs from the silt.  Gray water oozed down the window into the vents and down my arm.
“Here,” I said, tossing a handful of blue paper towels his way.  “You rub on that side, I’ll do this side.”
In about three minutes, we had the window and dashboard mostly clear.  I took the squeegee back to the service station island and threw away a disgusting handful of paper towels.
Pavan was a bit steamed but he sometimes gets like that.  I’ve lived by the maxim that it’s better to ask for forgiveness than it is permission.  In most cases, it gets things done and the consequences are minimal.  Most.  Not all.
“Sorry, man.” I said and popped my door closed.  
“Look at my dashboard.”
I ran my hand across it and snapped my fingers.  “It’s called clean, dude.”
“Yeah,” he said firing up the car again, pulling out.  “But now I gotta clean the whole car otherwise it don’t look right.”  
Texas Gary had gotten us the address of the van's previous owner from the VIN number.  He worked at a low-rent insurance company—life insurance, house insurance, car insurance.  Pavan pushed him to get me a card that said I had insurance, and he reluctantly said he’d work on it.  Wouldn’t be a big deal, get insurance for a day, and cancel.  You still have the card but you don’t have the big check to write.  Or insurance, for that matter.  But I would have the card and hopefully that would be enough to get the van.  Gary said he’d have it for us the next day and, we could head to the library and get the scan out of my email.
Then it would be the small task of getting the two-fifty together.  But, one insurmountable task at a time.
“Where’s your brother Gary live?”
“Dallas.  Not actually in Dallas, just north of there,” Pavan said, watching the signs as they whirled past the crystal clear windshield.  “What was the street this person lives on again?”
“Durham Hill Trace,” I said.  “You ever live in Dallas?”
“Nope.”
Ah, sore spot.  Pavan’s not the one-word answer type.  So, since it would be a few minutes before we got to Carroll McGaha’s home, I thought I’d press him.
“So how is it you have a half-brother in Dallas?”
“My father was a sperm donor.”
“No way.”
“Yep,” he said, nodding to the street sign.  “Durham Hill Road.  That is supposed to take us to Durham Hill Trace.”
“Sperm donor?”
“Yep,” Pavan said and looked at me from behind his K-Mart shades.  “One client at a time.”  
“Bet he even did free of charge,” I said.
“He did.”
“Helluva guy, you’re dad.  He’s a giver.”
“Mom, she had a different opinion.” Pavan said.  “And, good thing for Dad, bad aim.”
I watched the streets go by Durham Hill Circle, Durham Hill Avenue, Durham Hill Road… the neighborhood was lower-middle class and seriously lacking in street-naming moxie.  
“Gary have anything more on Carrol McGaha?”
“Nah,” Pavan said stubbing out his cig.  “He only put in for the vehicle information.  Coulda gone after more on this McGaha chick but, he said that you can’t just look up people’s records like before.”
“This is something you’ve done before, Pavan?”
“I refuse to answer that question until at least the statue of liberations expires.”
It was possible McGaha was the Mentor’s lady friend, but I wasn’t getting my hopes up.  A lead, though, is better than nothing.
The street came up on the left and a minute later we pulled up to the house.  It was two stories, brick face, and green wooden shutters.  Of all the houses on the street, this one had the most trees in the front.  Only brick in front, the other walls had yellowed but most of that was hidden by four or five massive trees in the front yard.  You couldn’t tell where one began and the next ended.
Pavan pulled up into the driveway.  The garage door was uneven and looked as though it didn’t close all the way anymore.  A lot of junk but no car in there.  
Very quiet street.  No kids in the street or yards.  Either this was an older neighborhood or the kids of the neighborhood were glued to videogames or violent cartoons or whatever is at presently zombifying the current generation.  
Nearby, there was the pleasant smell of someone burning leaves and branches.  There were a ton of sticks and limbs in the McGaha front yard.  In fact, the lawn looked like only downed branches and dirt.  The trees kept most of the sun away so any grass that would take a shot at poking its head out likely had no chance.
Stepping from the car, I made sure Pavan’s CD player was secure, clipped to my hip.  Thumbing the ear bud deeper into my ear, some nasally woman was talking about southwestern foliage.  
There was a walkway running from the driveway to the front door, and as I stepped to the path and into the shade the temperature dropped about ten degrees.
“There’s an old crazy lady looking at us from across the street,” Pavan said, walking on the balls of his feet.
“Probably part of the neighborhood watch program.”
“She was eyeballing me when we pulled up, the whole time in the drive and now… you’d think, I dunno, you’d try and be less obvious about staring at someone.”
I looked over and waved.  “Well, she’s got sunglasses on.”
The house was in okay shape but about thirty years old, like most of the homes on the block.  Mrs. Snoopitysnoop across the street has obviously had her home painted three or four times in the time Carroll McGaha had done it. Here, the shutters were less paint than wood, like the garage, and the exposed bits had turned stone gray.
“Whoa!  Dex, stop!”
I spun around to see what had spooked him and Pavan pointed about four feet in front of me.
The web stretched from the large pine just off the sidewalk to the front of the house.  This close, it looked thick like fishing line.  In the middle, well, was the sort of thing that made you instinctively take a step in an opposite direction.
“Holy cats,” I said.
“That spider’s gotta be big as my fist,” Pavan said, his voice rattling in his throat.
“Yeah, but you got small hands,” I said and looked to the door, then up at the big red and black and yellow spider.  This low, there were only thick anchor lines to the larger web above.  But we’d have to walk underneath; the crab spider would be about two feet above our heads.
“No way, man.”
“Come on,” I said moving forward slowly, keeping both eyes on the bug.
“I’ll wait by the car.”
“Pussy, I’ll knock it down.  You’ll be fine.”
A voice from the screen door said, “Leave Harry alone!”
The darkened doorway made it difficult to see who’d called out.  After a moment, he moved closer to the screen, giving us the full view of his scowl.  The tall, old man hunched forward, possibly being pulled forward by his faded suspenders.  His t-shirt was stained, but it was what he held in front of the t-shirt which made me pause.  Through the dirty screen, the rifle I saw very clearly.
“Listen we’re looking for Carroll McGaha.”
“What for?”
“We… I bought a van from someone who bought the van from her.”
“Her?”
“Mrs. McGaha.”
He opened the door and leaned on the butt of the rifle, barrel digging into the grit of the cement steps.  
“There ain’t no Mrs. McGaha, you idiot,” he said.  “I’m Carroll McGaha.  But nobody calls me that.”
“I bet.”
“Everybody calls me ‘Smokey.’  And I don’t want you getting anywhere near Harry up there.  He eats the bugs that try to eat my house.”
I couldn’t help it and said:  “Your house is made out of brick, Smokey.  What kinda bugs you got out here in the sticks?”
“The eaves are made of wood.  Those goddamn carpenter bees dig big holes in them and every year I gotta take a ladder up there fillin’ in holes,” he said and suddenly smiled a wide, broken smile.  “Harry doesn’t let them do that.  Harry eats them.”
Impressively floating backwards toward his car, Pavan said, “Your spider eats bees, sir?”
“Can I just ask you about your van?” I asked.
Smokey looked at us and, now that we weren’t talking about Harry, the bee-killin’ spider, he wasn’t much interested.  “Sold the van six weeks ago.  You’re outta luck, son.”
“No, we don’t want to buy it.  We bought it already… from the guy you sold it to, Smokey.”
“Go talk to him, then.”   He went inside, and the screen door slammed behind him.
“We don’t know where he is, Smokey.  We don’t know who he is.”
It was quiet for a moment and I looked up uneasily at Harry.  I felt we were being watched, either by the spider or the old man.  
“How d’ya not know who he is?” Smokey finally said through the screen.  “You bought the van from him.”
“Listen, I get the feeling we’re distracting Harry here a little.  It’s hard to be on bee-watch when you got guys jabbering around you.  Might be hard for him to hear… you know, the buzzing and stuff.”
The front door closed with a slam.  I turned to Pavan who had not taken his eyes off of Harry, the bee-slayer.
Looking across the street, the neighborhood snoop was driving her garden trowel into a patch of dirt but her eyes were still on the both of us.  I waved again and smiled wide.
“Maybe granny remembers who came over to see McGaha about the van.  We could ask.”
Pavan backed a few paces then turned, heading to the driveway. 
“I wish I’d never seen that spider, man.  I know I’m gonna dream about that big sumbitch tonight,” he said, then groaned.  “Man, I wish I’d never seen that thing.”
The garage door suddenly jerked and rattled, and Pavan jumped three feet mid-air, running about five steps before he stopped and turned.  The wood panels creaked and crackled as it opened; the door’s overhead motor sounding like a bulldozer’s engine.
Smoky was standing there when the door came up, again leaning on the butt of his rifle.
“What is this all about?”
I stepped forward and shook his hand.  “My name’s Dexter and this is Pavan.  We have your van now but the guy who we bought it from, we don’t feel so good about.”
“Why don’t you ask him, then?  Why ya bothering me?”
Looking at Pavan, I nodded.  Pavan said, “We looked up the records on the van and it says that you sold the van to Dexter.”
“So?”
“That means the guy you sold it to,” I said, “he’s not listed, then.  He could have used your vehicle in a crime or something.  Better we come knocking rather than the police, I would think.”
Smokey looked to me, then to Pavan.  Then he looked past my friend and frowned.  
“You, what’s your name, again?”
“Pavan, sir.”
“Pavan?  What kind of name is Pavan?”
“It’s, uh, it's a first name, sir.”
“What?” he said.  “Okay, Pavan.  Put your fist up for me.”
“Okay.”  He did.
“Take your middle finger and point it to the sky, for me.”
“Okay.”
I turned and saw just beyond Pavan that the woman gardening tossed her trowel down, stood, brushed off her knees and stormed into the house.
“We better go inside and talk about this,” Smokey said.  “She’s probably calling the police.”
“Police?” Pavan said looking over his shoulder.
“Yeah, I’m not supposed to talk with her.  Court order.  Can’t even wave.”
“Wait.  Did that look like I just flipped a nice, little old lady off?” Pavan said following me and Smokey into the house.
“Yeah," the old man said.  "You don’t got a court order.”
Smokey reached the door and hit the doorbell button; the bulldozer motor firing up again and it grew darker by the second as the door came down.
“What’s the musket there for, Smokey?” I asked.
“This?” he said and tapped the rifle with an open palm.  “For snakes in the back yard.”
“No snake-eating spiders back there?”
The door came down, turning the garage pitch dark.  Smokey sighed and said, “Not no more, no.” 

~~~



Chapter Eleven

Smokey crossed the kitchen, tugging the shade open to let some light slip through the window.  Every corner of his home was packed tight with something: furniture, knickknacks, dishes, fixtures… I don’t normally get very claustrophobic—frankly, I prefer tight spaces— but this guy’s home was making it a little tough to breathe.
He handed a pickle jar to Pavan.
“What flavor is it?”
“Cherry,” Smokey said in a raspy voice.  “Heckfire, there’s a cherry floatin’ in, for gosh sakes, boy.”
Pavan tipped the jar of clear liquid toward his mouth and sipped tentatively.  Then he shivered like a dog trying to dry off after falling into the pool.
“Bah-DAMN,” he said.  “Fuck a duck.”
“Now, I don’t tolerate no swearing in my house, now.”
“No, no,” I said.  “It’s Swedish.  He said he wanted another drink.”
“Don’t look Swedish.  You Swedish?” He asked Pavan, but I don’t think my friend could hear temporarily.
“Nah, he’s got this disc… one-hundred sixty-two languages.  How to ask for a drink and where the john is.”
Pavan finally said, his voice crackling at its edges: “That’s right, sir.  No mean to offend.”
“Well,” Smokey said, smiling.  “You finish that up, there’s more where that comes from.  I have a brother that’s got a still.  Lives about ninety minutes from here, but I stop by and grab a box of jars every month or so.”
“Moonshine,” I said as he handed me a jar.  “It’s like we’re living in the thirties or something.”
“You should be so lucky,” he said.
Pavan said to me, a little shaky: “Look at my face.  My lips still there?  I can’t feel my lips, man.”
Smokey looked at me, squinting, as he noticed my earbud to the CD player.  “What’s that wire coming out of your ear?  You deaf?”
“No, sir.  Listening to the races at Belmont.  I’ve got a fin on a Chestnut in the ninth.”
“Oh?  What’s the name?”
“Name, sir?”
“What’s the horse’s name?”
“Uh, Barely Legal, sir.”
“Hmm,” he said and eased himself into a chair.  “That does sound like a bit of a gamble.”
We were sitting at the old man’s kitchen table.  Even with the shades up, the clutter made the place feel wrapped up like a tomb.  
I put the jar he’d handed me down on the table, tapped it toward Pavan.  He looked at it and gave me a painful expression.  
“Can you tell me about the guy who bought the van from you?”
Smokey tossed about a quarter of his jar back like he was cooling off a glass of sweet tea.
“Newspaper printed it,” he said, shrugging, “and they put it up on the Interwebs, they said.”
“Internet,” I said.  “Sure.”
“This guy calls me and sight unseen, he buys it,” Smokey said and drummed the table with his thick fingers.  “Didn’t even haggle on the price.”
“Good thing.”
“Well, I raised it about three hundred dollars more than it was worth expecting a bit of haggling,” he said and tipped another dose back.  “Nope.  Paid full price.”
“Awful nice of him.”
Smokey stepped forward.  It was like watching a production of old clockworkings, wobbly arms and legs working through worn-grooved patterns.  
He walked toward the sink, then lifted the glass jar he'd been drinking from and poured a little of the clear liquid into the black dirt of a small green, leafy plant.  Under his breath, it sounded like he'd said something sweet to it.  
“He had to come by at exactly one that next day to get it,” he finally said, turning toward me and leaning on the sink.  “Exactly.  I remember that very clearly.  Not noon, not two.  Exactly at one.”
Pavan said, “I don’t think I feel very good.”
Smokey leaned over and tipped the remainder of his glass into Pavan’s.  “You’re just thirsty is all.  That’ll do ya.”
I urged him back on track: “So, meeting's at one.”
“Yeah, but I had an emergency doctor’s appointment the next day.  One o’clock.”
“What was wrong with you, Smokey?”
A shrug.  “Didn’t know at the time.  I’m old so I got bits falling off of me all the time.  But, I was supposed to head in the next day… blood tests or something.  I was a bit toasted when they called.  But,” he said and walked to the fridge, tapping a couple sheets of curled paper held down by a collection of state welcome-center magnets.  “Right here I wrote it down: one o’clock.  Doctor Haverson’s.  Wrote it down.”
“Okay.”
“So, this guy he says he can’t budge on the time.  But I can't miss the doctor's visit.  So, if I want my price, I just sign the slip over to him, and he’ll take it down to the DMV to process it.  Wants me to leave it in the glove box.  Keys on the front right tire.”
“I see,” I said.  
Smokey turned from the fridge.  “I came home, and the van was gone.”
Pavan looked a little green but, heroically, he took a sip from the glass in front of him.  He shook again but not as violent as before.
“How’d he pay you?  This mystery guy?”
Smokey coughed and it rattled in his chest like a tympani dropped down a flight of metal stairs.  He said, “That’s the funny part.  I agreed to the one o’clock drop and he says ‘fine, take a looksee in your mailbox.’”
I asked: “He said ‘looksee’, Smokey?”
“I’m paraphrasing.  Trying to keep the story short, get to the payoff.  You don’t want the set up to be too long, son.”
“I see.”
“Used to do a little performance in my day,” Smokey said, leaned back and popped a crumpled pack of smokes from his pocket.  “Had a little fellah that would set on my lap, I stick my hand up his behind and make him talk without moving my lips.”
“You’re a ventriloquist?” Pavan squeaked, face reddened.
“Nope,” Smokey answered quickly, flicked a cig up to his lips.  “Midget named Andre.  French guy about three and a half feet tall.”
“Sir?”
“He quit because I wouldn’t trim my fingernails, so we broke the act up, and I joined the army.”
I stared at Smokey, who was straight faced, and my smile grew.  He looked back but didn’t blink once.  Finally he said, “That was a joke, boys.”
“Wow,” Pavan said and spit out a cherry pit, which hit a groove in the table and, amazingly, jumped right back at him and into his hair.  “I’m not following any of this.”
I stood up and went to the man’s fridge, which was just as cluttered as his house.  A lot of fresh fruit, surprisingly.  Probably for the moonshine.  I saw a can of Coke in the door and nabbed it.
Smokey watched me and a smile pulled to his lips as he hit lit a hand rolled cigarette.  I stood near the screen window above of the sink—not a big fan of smoke, unless I’m the one dragging it in.  As a kid, my father used to smoke cigars.  In the summer, I’m not kidding, he’d smoke in the car and since the A/C was running, we weren’t allowed to roll our windows down.  Parts of my summer childhood vaguely resembled ten minutes after last call at a country bar.  And not in any of the good ways.
“So you go looksee at the mailbox—“
“And right there, in the mailbox, is an envelope of cash,” Smokey says and blows out a tower of haze.  “Exactly the amount I’d asked for.”
I watched Smokey for a moment as he eyeballed Pavan, who was swaying a little.  My friend didn’t look terribly unhappy, mind you.  It just looked like some of the operational staff on his upper floors had simply made an early day of it.  I’d seen that look a hundred times but rarely at ten o’clock in the morning.  Noon maybe.
“Makes you sorta wonder,” I said, testing the waters.
“Yeah,” Smokey said and shot me a look.  “If he had the time to drop off the money, why didn’t he just go ahead and sign a copy of the title for me?"
He nodded.  “You didn’t bother asking.”
“I had an envelope of cash, son.  And I needed it, that’s why I was selling her.  You see that’s an empty garage now.  I don’t have no car now… but at the time, I was coming up short quite a bit.”
Pavan said, “I think I’m hallucinating a little… I think.”  He closed his eyes.
“He may have had a little much,” Smokey said.  “How much does he weigh?”
“How would I know?”
“Dunno, these days.  Thought you guys might be ‘partners’ or something.” Smokey did the air quotes with his bony fingers, the cigarette in his right hand bobbing like a conductor’s baton.
“He’ll be fine,” I said.  On cue, Pavan fell face first onto the table, his brow hitting a plate full of little metal shavings, most of which flew in the air a short distance and landed in my friend’s hair.
“Aw, heck,” Smokey said as he, and I lifted Pavan back into the sitting position.  “Those were my loose staples.  Trying to glue them back together so they’d fit in my stapler.”
“You have a couch not covered in anything weird?” I asked.  Smokey thought about it for a second.  He then said, “Not really.”

UP A SKINNY STAIRCASE— made skinnier by tiny, black-and-white photos and shelves cluttered with thimbles and novelty salt shakers and junk lining every inch—Smokey and I carried Pavan to the end of a long corridor.  
At the very end of the hall, the door was open to a storage area: an exercise bike turned clothes hanger, broken furniture, a couple of cabinets, and an ancient Philco radio.  
We slipped into a small bedroom on the second floor.  It was a little dusty, but not bad.  As we plopped Pavan down, I looked around and took it in.
“You not really into the latest trends, huh Smokey?”
He held his cigarette out the door of the room, at the end of an extended arm.  His eyes darted from item to item, and he smiled.
“Son’s room,” he said and in its condition, it was likely the same way the son had left it.  I was a little surprised he didn’t mind a passed-out, mop-topped stranger in the bed.
“He ever come around?”
Smokey was in profile to me and his pupils went to the corner of his eye, looking my way.
“M.I.A. during the war,” he said, letting a sad fondness soften his face.  The vintage sorrow had grown into some sort of warm memory that the man stored in this room.  “He went in as infantry, crazy bastard.”  He motioned with his head to leave the room.  “That’s logs on the fire, that is.  Infantry?  Crazy son-of-a-gun.”
We went into the room at the end of the hall with all the junk and he settled on a couch covered in winter coats.  I found an ottoman (I think it was an ottoman under all the sheets) and plopped down.
The room as dark and cool.  Smokey must have had the mother of all duct systems because I expected to be choking with dust but wasn’t.  I guess a guy in his house all day might keep it sort of neat.  Not me, mind you, but other guys.
My eyes caught a series of shirts and blazers hanging across a bar, just behind Smokey’s head.
“You sure got a lotta stuff in here, man,” I said.  He looked over his shoulder.  
“Ah, that’s my boy Zachary’s stuff.”  He took a drag from his cigarette and put it out in his leathery hands, then stuffed the butt into his shirt pocket.  I waited for his chest to catch fire, but the shirt was made from heavy material, like burlap or wood chips or something, and whatever spark the butt might have had left didn’t have a chance.
“You waitin’ for him to come home?”
“Ha,” he said.  “You think I’m a bit crazy.  Well… I probably am, a little.  But the years’ll do that to you.”
I said, “Headed that way myself, sir.”
Smokey laughed.  “No use in throwing the stuff away.  I’ve outlived my oldest boy and my wife.  My daughter doesn’t phone anymore ‘causin’ we had a falling out some years ago.  She’s got a family now, better off without me.”  He stopped and looked at me.  “Usually that’s the part where you’re supposed to say, ‘no, no you should call her, Smokey’.”
“Not my place.”
“You think she’s better off without me, then?”
I rubbed my face, feeling fatigue work its way up into my bones.  “I dunno, sir.  Within ten minutes of my friend being in your house, he’s passed out in a dead man’s room with a pile of staples in his hair, guaranteed that when he wakes up, he’ll find his brain’s been traded out with a busted piñata,” I said.  “If your daughter’s got kids, it’s probably better that they don’t pop by grandpa’s for afternoon lemonade.”
Smokey laughed again and held both hands up in the air, together.  “Ha, she’s got two kids.  And they’re both spoiled little assholes.”
“Whoa,” I said and coughed, laughing myself this time.  “I thought there was no swearing in the house.”
“Just downstairs,” he said.  “That was the missus’ rule.  Still is.  Up here, we be men.”  He popped his eyebrows and they looked like two rabid squirrels locked in a mating ritual.
I noticed that the bar holding his son’s clothes was actually an empty barbell, rested on a weight bench.  There were several pairs of pants and shoes on a rack which, I guessed, held some ancient weights.  Some of the good iron ones.
Earlier, I’d seen the exercise bike.
“You ever think of taking a tenant?”
Smokey frowned.  “Not really, no.”
Gently, I said: “Well, you need some extra cash.  I’m not home much and recently… I really gotta clear out of my place.  Neighborhood’s gone to hell.”
“Son, I don’t even know you.  And, honestly, being alone I can walk around nekkid when I want to.”  Permanent house option: officially out.
I nodded.  “All right.”
There was no going back to my place.  Laura’s was probably out because The Mentor obviously would know where she lived.  Pavan’s for the same reason.  I had a strong feeling the prick knew everyone I might bunk with.
Where in the world was I going to stay?  People I knew, they were out.  Who would rent to a stranger, expecting no money up front?  The thought crossed my mind about tapping into the savings, but no that wasn’t an option that felt right.  At least, not yet.
So, what then?  Where could—?
“I know it’s a bit of a stretch, but do you have a computer, Smokey?”
“Sure.”
“One that works?  One that’s got the Interweb on it?”
“I ain’t a moron, Dexter,” he said.  “I got one for email, so I can write complaint letters to the newspaper.  And there’s some good pictures out there if you fiddle around with it.”  Frankly, I didn’t want to know what sort of pictures he was looking at nor what the “it” was he was apparently fiddling.
From the room upstairs, I heard a long, low moan.
“Think he’s waking up,” I said.  “I better get him some water.”
“You sure you ain’t gay?”
I stood up.  “Would it matter?” 
“A little, I guess,” he said.  “Not used to that sort of thing.  I just don’t want no funny business up here.  Male or female, frankly.”
“Don’t worry about that,” I said, stretching my arms above me.  “I’ve got a girlfriend, and she hates me.”
“Nah, you wait till you get married,” he said, standing slower than I did.  “Then you’ll know real hate.”
From the kitchen, I got a glass of water for Pavan and brought it upstairs, but he was still out for the count.  And it looked like some of the staples had dug into the pillow—he wasn’t going anywhere soon.  Anticipating that, I’d made most of the glass ice, just a little water, and left it on a dresser next to the bed.
Back downstairs, I saw that Smokey had put a couple jars of his brother’s finest out on the table.  Luckily, I’m about a third Irish.  
Cranky-pants was shuffling through the kitchen, and he pointed me to the computer.  After ten minutes of fiddling with it, I came back in and sat down.  We clinked our glasses, and I titled mine into my mouth.  When I took the first sip— I tasted the liquid but frankly never felt it go down my throat— I realized I hadn’t asked one very important thing about the man who bought Smokey’s van.
“You had to fill out the car’s registration, sign it over to the guy who bought the van.”
“Sure,” he said and sipped again.
“You remember the name he gave you?”
Smokey slumped against the ancient fridge and it tipped slightly, but he didn’t seem to notice.  He let out a big breath and shook his head slowly… then: “Damn, nearly had it.  It was… a flower.”
“Really?”
“Yeah, yeah.  He had a name like a—“
I asked, “Was the name ‘Daisy’?”
He snapped forward like he’d sat on a burr and growled excitedly.  “YES, that’s it!” he said and slipped to the chair opposite me.  True concern seemed to cramp his face for a moment, and he asked: “So you’re worried about this Daisy fellah?”
Tired, my head was beginning to spin just a little courtesy of the small jar in my hand.  
“Yeah, you could say that,” I said and tipped my drink toward my mouth, but found it empty.  “You could say I’m a bit worried about the Daisy fellah.” 

~~~



Chapter Twelve

A few hours later, Pavan finally came around.  After his second glass of water, he mumbled something about heading off to work, and I said I’d better join him.  That’s when he broke the news that wasn’t entirely unexpected.
“Mr. Rainey,” he said putting down his third glass of water.  “He sorta let you go.”
Just me and him standing in the kitchen—Smokey had crashed early— my world suddenly became a little more, guess you would say, untethered.  Even though it was a crap job, it was something real, tangible in my life.  In effect, it dictated when I went to sleep, when I got up.
That probably should have felt freeing.  Instead, it felt... lonely.
“I’m not surprised.”
“I shoulda told you earlier, I know.”
“That would’ve been good f-y-i, pally.”
“Just never seemed like the right time,” he said and dug into his jean pockets until I heard the tinkle of keys.  He shrugged an apology.
“Don’t worry about it.  Gotta do some serious life evaluating while I still got a life to evaluate.”  
I looked around the cramped room.  There was a small collection of porcelain cows on the kitchen windowsill next to the cupboards.  Well, not entirely small.  The cows were piled up—some with bonnets, some with sweaters— as if crowding the escape door after one of the ladies had made a panicked remark she’d heard the sound of a butcher’s blade.
Around the door that led upstairs was a bushy faux vine that came down both sides of the molding, and at the top a wooden plaque read: Friends are the family you chose for yourself.
“You really sleeping here tonight?”
“Seems like a good plan.”
He lowered his voice.  “I don’t think I could.  Kinda creepy, actually.  I wouldn’t be surprised if you find bones in the dude’s basement.  All bleached and shiney and—“
“Pavan.”
“Yeah?”
“You’re gonna give yourself bad dreams,” I said and opened the door to the garage, pushed the button.  From the inside, the door’s motor was even louder, so I had to yell over it.  “Tomorrow, before work, would you mind if we headed to my place and grabbed the rest of my stuff.”
“Sure,” he said and walked toward the yawning opening, the battle tank-door opener preparing for war above his head.  Over the din, he yelled: “Dude, why’s there staples in my hair?”
“You fell,” I said and shrugged.
“Okay.”
“You should be fine.  Just don’t try to board any commercial aircraft over the next couple days, and it'll be fine.”
He turned toward his grungy car with the crystal clear windshield and waved slowly.  The driver’s door lock was busted, always has been, so he had to crawl across the passenger seat to get to the pedals.   I sent the garage door down on its return trip.
Smokey’s pickle jar juice had given me a beginnings of a migraine and the only way, I’d discovered a long time ago, I could keep it at bay was to keep sipping the stuff until passing out or try to crash and sleep through the hangover.
I was ready to lie down and it was the first time I’d been to bed before the sun since grade school… but: new start, right?  Seemed apropos.
I lay on the bed we’d put Pavan in but had to flip the pillow or risk possible tetanus.  Smokey said I could spend the night.  I promised to be out in the morning, and he promised to not walk around nekkid.  
The batteries in the CD player were getting low, but I’d found another set in the kitchen and put them in before closing my eyes.  My left ear was treated to a biography of Thomas Edison.  None of it seemed very useful, but it was interesting.
He didn’t sound like he appreciated other people very much, except maybe to do a lot of the grunt work.  I supposed after you invent the light bulb, movie theater, record player and a thousand other things, the whole “99% perspiration” bit was best contracted out to other people.
In the dim light, an Army plaque hung on the wall.  It looked like some marker that Smokey’s son had graduated and could now shoot people or something.
It struck me that a few nights earlier, Allejo had let me crash in his dead uncle’s house.  This night, my bed belonged to a dead son.  
Friends are the family you chose for yourself.
I said aloud, “And, if you lose a family member, you can have a friend make good use of their stuff.”  No, that seemed kinda bitter or pessimistic. Both of those guys-- and, really, Abe the OTR Speeder-Chomping Guyanan, too-- they’d been there when I didn’t or couldn’t rely on friends or family.  Either the world’s usually like this, and I missed it, or I’d gotten pretty lucky lately.
Maybe it was time to give the world a second chance.  
Took a deep breath and, damn it had been a long time, but once the weeping began, I couldn’t stop it.  It was the first time I’d allowed myself to cry for her, and I couldn’t stop it.
“I miss you, Ruthie,” I croaked between selfish sobs.  “I’m sorry.  Your big brother is sorry.  I’m so sorry.  I’m sorry.” 

~~~



Chapter Thirteen

Smokey was pouring runny eggs into a couple small ceramic plates when we walked into the kitchen.  Shoulders hunched, he looked toward me, concern hooded his eyes and I did my best to give him an easy smile to lighten his mood.
Upstairs, I’d clipped the CD player to my jeans and hit play.  As we sat for breakfast, I discovered this morning’s audio entrée would be more stuff about insects.  While it in no way seemed unimportant, I hoped this knowledge wouldn’t become vital in the coming days and weeks.  Never a big fan of bugs.
Pavan had wheeled by and was at the table when I came down.  We chatted with Smokey for about fifteen minutes over breakfast, simply enjoying each other’s company.  Pavan nodded to the clock on the wall.
“All right.  Time to pick up the wheels.  That is,” I said looking at Pavan, “if your brother got the insurance card with my name.”
Pavan reached back, picked a staple out of his hair and tossed it on the table into the dish.  “Yeah, but there’s still the issue of two and a half bones, man.  You’re not getting the Mystery Machine without paying that big guy with the sausage fingers.”
The previous night, I'd decided it was time to tap into the savings accounted fattened by my sister's death years ago.
“Got it.”
“Got it?”
I nodded.  He said, “Then let’s go get it.”

"YOU KNOW, YOU'RE GOING to get about a mile to the gallon in this thing,” Pavan said as we tooled in a wide arch around an empty parking lot.  We’d parked his car to give the van a spin, see how it ran.  “Hey man… you wanna slow down a little?”
“Want to test an idea,” I said and took a wide right turn.  
“Hey, stop doing that anymore,” Pavan said and gripped his seat belt like he was repelling down a mountain for the first time..  “Feel like I’m lifting up here.”
“Doesn’t do it the other way.”
“Because you’ve got more lard than me, man.”
“Whatever.  You’ve got a beer gut as big as mine.”
“Nah, I got one of those high metabolisms.”
“Sure, like a Chihuahua.  The ones that pee on the floor when the doorbell rings.”
“Chihuahua es de Mexico, hombre,” he said and thumped his chest.  “Me?  El Salvador.”
“Not many Mexicans named ‘Pavan,’ right?”
“Not many El Salvadorans either,” he said.
“Oh,” I said, the biggest smile of the day spreading across my face.  “Oh, this is going to be good.  Tell me, tell me.”
“Fine, whatever,” he said.  “So, you probably already knew that I was like this god or something.”
“Escaped me, actually.”
He waved me off.  “Pavan is the name of a Hindu god. My mother had been calling me Romero when I was in her belly.  But when I came out, my father said Pavan was better.”
“You’re father, not Hindu.”
“Correct.”
I turned my head toward my friend and said, “You look like a Pavan.  Why’d he call you Pavan?”
“Because the first thing I did when I was born—I didn’t cry, I didn’t shiver, didn’t say ‘hey, gimme some milk, lady’, nothing like that—first thing I did, I let out this huge fart.”
“That’s horrible.”
“I’d been holding it for months, probably.  Can’t let one fly inside of mama.  That’s your mother, right?”
“Gross.”
He nodded.  “So, Pavan is Hindu god of wind,” he said and looked at me, waiting for me to react.  “Dad thought it fit better than Romero.”
I laughed, but then was overcome as my eidetic audio recall pressed itself to top-of-mind.
Last time I’d been in this van, I’d heard something by George Michael and the other guy who nobody remembers.   
“Everything She Wants,” I said out loud, recalling the track.
“What?  Yeah, usually, but the name stuck.”
There was no CD player, just a radio.  Whatever tune I’d heard before I’d gone into the drink at the quarry was either bubbling up from my subconscious or happened to be on one of the crappy Atlanta radio stations.  Had to be the latter: I’d never hallucinate George Michael.  Not a guy that spent half his teenage years in black Metallica shirts with the sleeves torn off.
“Pavan, god of wind,” I said.  “I’ve known you for two years and that’s the first time you’ve ever told me that.”
“Never came up,” he said. 
I slowed the van and turned to him.
“Yeah, but... you got pretty mad because I didn’t tell you about my listening recall.  Like, you know, I was hiding something from you.”  He listened, offered nothing.  “But you never told me that you were named after a fart god.”
Pavan looked out the windshield then back at me.  Sitting back into his seat, his feet dangled a few inches from touching the floor.
“Hell, guy like you, I thought you knew shit like that,” he said.  “Besides-- you know, you’re kinda, I dunno.”
“What?”
“You’re a bit... different than before.  Now.”  
I listened, offered nothing because I didn’t know what to say.
Pavan said, “I’ve been your best friend, you tell me that sometimes, and I'm glad you say that, right, but the truth is that you just don’t got a bunch of other friends.  I seen you with like one or two other buds before, tops.  Me, I got a ton of friends so, you know--”
“No, I don’t.  You’re saying that I-- I’m not your best friend, then.”
Pavan sat forward, shifted his weight, and said, “Well, no, but-- you know, sorta, but that’s different now.  Seriously, I mean that.  You are my best friend, man... now .  But before”-- he looked back out the window-- “you were a bit of an asshole.  A friend, sure, some guys are just like that.  Think they’re better than everyone else.”
I was trying not to be hurt by what he was saying, but the overwhelming feeling was that this was really hard for Pavan to tell me and that, a good friend, they tell you these things because they’re important.
“You think I believe I’m better than everyone else?  Better than you?”
He smiled, nodded.
“But, you’re different now," he said.  "Look the same, right, this spongy white guy who looks like he cuts his own hair, but you are different with me and even with other people.  Not so much, anymore, like...”
“An asshole,” I finished and he nodded.  
Leaving the vacant parking lot, I took a sharp corner testing the van’s weight distribution again and the tires bit hard into the blacktop.  It was the momentum that I worried about.
“Built like a tank,” I said.  “I mean seriously, this thing weighs a ton.  Stable but—“
“Heavy.  Heavy metal, man.”
“Makes you wonder,” I said, readjusting my earbud.  Thankfully, I’d left bug study far behind and had been hearing something about small gas engines.  “And the light?”
“Yeah, yeah.  When I was down there headlights, horn, all that stuff dead.  But the overhead dome worked.  Might be wired special.”
“What the hell for?”
“Well,” I said and checked the mirror for any cops.  “I think… maybe he was giving me a chance to make it out.”
I hit the gas hard and the engine roared but we didn’t accelerate very fast.  Still, the torque of the thing felt like it was grinding your gut into the seat back.
“Dude, don’t drag anybody from a stop light.  Seriously, it would be embarrassing.  Hey,” Pavan said, turning toward me.  “You know how this guy he’s always catching you off guard, right?”
“Always?  Not always.  Two times.”
“Yeah, two times too much.  But, what if he planned on you picking up the van?  Maybe he’s following us.”  Pavan slinked into his seat and stared hard at the side mirror.  
“Hell,” I said.  “It was your idea to get the van in the first place.”
“Yeah, since when do you listen to my ideas?  Take a look at how I live… I’ve been doing my ideas for years—trust me, it’s not a good idea doing my ideas, Dexter.”
“Fine, fine.  We can check that out.”  I looked in the rear view mirror catching sight of the interior of the vehicle.  “It’s clean at least.”
“Big space back there,” Pavan said and his voice echoed.  “We should carpet it and put a little bar set up in the rear.
“Now, I don’t even have a license.  But…” I said, having just had an ID card for years now.  The only way we’d gotten it out of the impound lot was to let Pavan take the wheel.  “I’m pretty sure there’s something on the test about not having a wet bar in your vehicle.”
We pulled back up to Pavan’s car and he hopped out.  Standing next to my newly acquired wheels, he looked down at his tennis shoes.
“I’m actually sorta bummed that, you know, I won’t be driving you around so much.  You ain’t going to need my piece of shit car no more.”
This was what he’d thought of me?  I used him for his wheels, for rides.  But, thinking back over the past couple years, maybe that wasn’t entirely untrue.  I had been a bit of an asshole.
“The past week or so, with you battling the weirdo-ninja Mentor dude, I’ve been kinda like Kato, driving for the Green Hornet.”
“Always a Green Lantern fan, myself,” I said.
“Lantern wore a formfitting costume.  You’d have to do about ten thousand sit ups, man,” he said, smiled and scratched his head, a couple little small silver things fell from his mop, flashing in the sun as the dropped to the pavement.  “I just don’t want to lose you as a friend, man.  Now that you got a bit more cool to be around and all.”
“Just because I got my own wheels doesn’t mean we won’t hang.”
He looked toward his car.  “Well, you’re not at the theater anymore, either.”
“Dude, trust me,” I said and he looked up, smiling.  “The moment I run out of gas money, I’ll be right there back in your car again.”
He jumped down onto the pavement and spun back.
“Just remember you got something this Mentor pendejo don’t got.”
“Yeah?”
“Yeah,” he said, closing the door to my van and backed toward his car until I could see him out the open window.  “You got friends man.  Don’t forget you got friends.”
I started driving away and remembered something, pushed the button to bring the window down.  
“Hey, man.  If anyone asks you, you know, for a reference about me—just say I’m good, reliable, trustworthy… that sort of thing.”
“Reference for what?”
“Don’t worry about that.  Just say nice things about your buddy if anyone calls.”
“K,” he said and went to the passenger door of his car, crawled in and hopped into the driver’s seat.  “But you know how I hate to lie like that.”
“Thanks,” I said rolling away slowly.  “And, I do not cut my own hair, fucker.”
“Then you got to get a different fag to cut it.  It’s terrible.”
I cringed.  “Jeez, don’t say stuff like that.  Either way, I’ve got a real good looking chick that cuts my hair.”
“NO, bad idea,” he yelled as I pulled away.  “Get yourself a nice fa... gay dude to cut your hair, trust me.  Never a woman because they take their boyfriend shit out on you when they are doing the cutting.  And your girl?" he added as I turned the corner to leave, "Obviously, he beats the shit out of her.”

PAVAN HAD BEEN MOSTLY right about my friend situation.  One guy, though, I had known for years: Doc Drake.    
Doc was an artist I met in the too-cool-for-you Virginia-Highlands section of Atlanta about six months after I’d moved to Georgia.  When my model-turned-model-who-didn’t-want-to-live-with-me girlfriend left for New York, I’d crashed at his place for a couple months.  
When I’d met him, back then, he was working on an outdoor mural with a fellow painter.  The two of them had been commissioned to paint an entire wall of this tapas bar with Atlanta-centric highlights.
Of course, one person’s “highlights” may differ from another’s.  Actually, very likely, they will always differ.
So in between the giant fuzzy peach and the Gone with the Wind house, Doc had depicted downtown’s 1946 Winecoff hotel fire—the worst in U.S. history— with burning bodies, lapping flames and weeping firefighters.  He’s got a thing about buildings, I learned over the years.  Especially bad things happening to buildings.  Probably some sort of phallic, Freudian connection there, but I’ve never bothered with locking up too much gray matter contemplating it.
Naturally, upon seeing the colorful depiction of said hotel fire, the restaurant owner asked firmly that Doc cover it with some representation that did not include singeing human flesh or, he’d hastened to add, anything else that would remotely turn off folks that were coming in to, you know, eat. 
Understandable.
Artists are proud of their work but also want to get paid for said work, so he obliged.  However, by that time his partner-in-art had gone off on what turned out to be two-week heroin vacation, unavailable.  Doc doesn’t do drugs anymore.
At least… not all of them.  
Much.  
He told me one time that he’d done so much pot, acid, coke, speed, pills and whip cream gas in his forty-two years that he was permanently stoned.  He thought the notion was cool.  But, then again, he was permanently stoned.
So, some years ago, coming back from a midnight improv show one night, I saw this crazy, bald freak with Elvis Costello glasses painting on the wall at nearly three in the morning, and I asked what the hell he was doing.  He initially ignored the question, instead asking me if I had a moment to get him a Dr. Pepper.  We’ve been friends ever since.
Doc was, as one might surmise on meeting him, a little crazy in the cue ball.  Overly-suspicious.  Some guy in the middle of a three-day coke binge would talk to Doc for five minutes and go, “that muther is pa-ra-noid.”
He is so worried someone would try to steal one of his paintings and claim it as their own, he, um, marks all of his paint with a DNA sample.  One can guess what that means and one can also subsequently guess I will never have one of his paintings hanging in my home.
“Hey man, finally decided to show,” Doc said as I stood on the threshold of his studio.  He’d converted the garage attached to his home into a workspace.  
He had a pair of goggles strapped to his head, and his normally pale face was streaked with what looked like every color imaginable.  Closing the door behind me, he said his face-rainbow had been born from “the tryst of a gentle mist and the love of a supernova.”  
So, yeah, I take back the stuff about him not doing drugs much anymore.
I stepped into his workshop and grabbed a paper mask, holding it over my mouth and nose.  Doc Drake was an artist, working with a variety of mediums.  Especially those mediums that seemed to roast brain cells like campfire marshmallows over a county-wide forest fire.
“I’ve called you every fortnight for the three months, you never call back.”
“Nobody says fortnight, man.”
“I’ve got this thing with numbers, you know that.”  
Stepping cautiously through his workshop— it was dark and mildly dangerous— I saw several half-finished pieces of his art.  Doc had never subjected himself to art school-- he characterized them as oppressive or restrictive and, when he’s really agitated (read: high), he calls them fascist moron factories.
The workshop was itself a constant work in progress and, I only guessed at this, if a cop popped down there for a quick look around, there’d be some health violation worth imprisonment and possibly the death penalty.
I asked him, my mouth and nose covered, “What chu been up to?”
He brought a hand up to rub an itch, leaving an additional smear across his fleshy head.  Leading me through the dark space, twisting and turning through piles of materials and supplies, he led me over to a large canvas, at least six feet in length and width.  Before me, a bizarre city-scape, bits of newspaper glued here and there.
“Working.  Always working,” he said and put on a clear mask, twisted a valve at the end of the clear hose that lead to the mask, and took a deep breath.  I stared for a long moment and when he hung the mask up he shrugged, slapped me on the shoulder with a long, bony hand, and said: “Inspiration, Dexter.”
Whatever.  Sometimes it’s best not to ask him.  The biggest fear would be that he’d tell you.  
Dropping my paper mask on a pile of rags, I said: “I need a favor.”
Concentrating on this latest work, Doc raised his arm and nabbed a rubber tube capped with a small brass nozzle which hung from the ceiling in a collection of dozens of similar tubes, then danced in front of his latest creation.  After a full half-minute he finally squirted out a small pinhead of paint near the open window of one of the skyscrapers on the canvass.  Was it a balloon?  A bird? 
“I don’t have a ton of time, man.  Working day and night before they take the SunTrust building down and mess up my painting.”
“You can still paint if it’s demolished, though, right?  Take some photos.”
“Wha?” he said and looked at me, his face a hybrid of amusement and pain.  “You can’t paint something that’s not there, man!  Dis-honest.”
“What about the bird you just painted?  Is that there now?”
“Not a bird.”  He took a swig of water.  “Guy jumping out of a window.  And, no, totally different… that’s artistic license.  Completely different.  You wouldn’t understand, non-artist.”  Doc tugged on the rubber hose and it retracted up into the ceiling, the brass hook indistinctive, at least to me, amongst a myriad others.  His eyes were still focused on the painting like he was trying to work through some sort of imbalance, trying to correct a problem only he could see.  “What sort of favor you need, Dexter?”
“You still have your Quiet Room set up, right?”
“Sure,” he said and moved liquidly in front of his painting.  In the dim light, I could see sweat beading on his forehead.  All various colors of droplets, he looked like he was perspiring Skittles.  That said, if he were actually sweating candy, this would not entirely surprise me about Doc Drake.
“I need to put my van in there,” I said, and he stopped, turned to me, spun in a slow circle then sat down on the floor.  He put his head in his hands, which left handprints of blue paint up both sides of his head.
“That’s where I sleep, man.  My bike’s in there right now, too… where would--”
“Not permanently,” I said and sat down next to the painting so we could talk face to face. Also, that way he doesn’t forget he’s talking to someone.  The floor was freezing; the cement below in direct contact with the subterranean earth, and it made my undercarriage a little cold.  “Just gotta pull it in there until we can see what’s coming off it.”
“Hell’s that mean?”
At that moment, his wife, Tiffany, walked into the room.  Over the years, I’d learned that when she’s in the sort of mood she was in at that moment, you’re not supposed to talk to Tiffany unless she addresses you first.  She will often wander the house as a “spirit,” and in her, ahem, vulnerable state, doesn’t like direct contact with anyone but her husband.  They’re a near perfect match, I would say.
I said, “Tell Tiff I said ‘hey.’”  Spirit Tiffany was, as the spirit state of her always is, naked and this time her skin was stained entirely blue.  There were spots that were rubbed a little less blue, so this wasn’t, it seemed, day one.
Doc didn’t even look at her.  “Going through an azure phase right now.”
“Blue’s a good color on her,” I said and the comment drew a slight shrug from his wife.
“Last week,” he said.  “She dyed herself green.”
“Green.”
“Yeah, like a forest,” he said and grinned mischievously.  “She then pointed out which plants in nature were edible.”
I shuddered a little.  My friend Doc, frankly, looks like a turtle that’s lost its shell.  The images of him involved in any sexual act rattling around in my brain did some real core damage to me.  I turned the conversation back to my immediate concern.
“I just got the van,” I said, holding his gaze.  “Need to make sure ‘they’re’ not listening.”
He bolted up like gas shot from a geyser, took two steps away from me, then three back.  Putting his hands to his head, he said:
“What?  They’re listening to you?  Because of me?”
“Dunno.  Need you to find out.”
He pressed his fingers up under his black rimmed glasses and rubbed his eyes with a thumb and forefinger.  His mouth dropped and he exhaled, exasperated.
“Shit, man,” he said.  “Yeah, drive it around back and I’ll lift the gate.  I park the Indian in there, but I’ll roll her out.”
“You still have that RF signal detector I bought you a couple Christmases back?”  
“Had to get a new one.  It’s even better, detects across all frequencies, all wavelengths.  
“What happened to the one I gave you?”
“Someone stole it, after I threw to the bottom of my pool.”
“You don’t have a pool, Doc.”
“I did,” he said.  “They stole the pool, the signal detector was at the bottom.”
Creeping back toward his workstation, Doc drew a hand across his mouth.  He glanced up at a window blackened by black spray paint, then back to me.
“Quiet room is lined with lead dampeners,” he said, as if I’d asked a question.  “Top, bottom, all sides.  Inches thick in all directions.  It may be the only place on the planet aside from a bank safe or a mile-deep mine where a person doesn’t have radio signals slicing through every one of their cells, jumbling up the RNA, knocking synapses from neural pathways--”
“I know.”
“You know how many radio, satellite, mobile, whatever signals you have crisscrossing through your body right now, man?”
“Nope,” I said and walked slowly to the door.  I needed to start heading to the van or he’d go for hours about this.
“Billions, man.  Not even millions but trillions, maybe,” he said and headed in the opposite direction.  “What do you think that’s doing to the cellular structure of your body, being bombarded with that kind of radiation?”
“I don’t know,” I said and turned the knob to the door.  “I just need to know, down there in your Quiet Room, if we’ve got any signals coming off my new van.”
He smiled.  “Oh, you bought a van?  Yours?  I thought you weren’t driving anymore after the accident.”
“I, yeah, you know... about time.”
“Cool.”
He pulled a black handle, slipped through a door I’d never seen, and disappeared, closing the door behind him.  The door popped back open and Doc’s wife stepped out.
“Pull your van around.”
“’Preciate that.”
Her soft voice drifted toward me: “Stop looking at my tits, Dexter.”
My head snapped down, eyes focused on the intricate work of my shoelaces.  “Just checking out the shading, Tiffany.  Good job on the color disbursement.”  And added, because I couldn’t resist: “Papa Smurf coming by a little later?”
The corners of her mouth twitched as she stepped forward slowly, looking at the floor as if she were carefully walking in precise tracks only visible to her. 

AFTER I'D MET DOC on the street that first night, I’d found him a job as a stunt guy for a local radio show, something between gigs.  I’d talked with a disk jockey one night at some shitkicker bar, and the guy lamented over an eleventh gin and tonic about how he didn’t have a suitable street guy.  You know, somebody to run out and get celebrity gotcha interviews, or test the airbag on an ’84 Corsica, hit a dry water slide buck naked, whatever.  Doc needed the dough and, it seemed to me, just the guy for the gig.
He lasted about fifteen months with the show, the tour ended when the show got fired. 
 Doc’s Q score was markedly higher than the regular cast members and subsequently he was able to perpetuate his “artist” business off the success for a while.  During the lean times, he stretched canvasses for other artists.  It was a living and didn’t require a tie, so he was in good shape.
The one thing about Doc that would concern most people is that he’s crazy.  I don’t mean, “Hey, that dude is so bananas, he just stripped down to skivvies and jumped in the hotel fountain!  What a wacky guy!”  I mean CMF.  Crazy Mother Fucker.
But being that high for most of life, floating up there in the atmosphere by yourself, all that time... well, if you stared down at the world too long, you’d be crazy, too.
After I’d pulled my white Ford Econoline into his “Quiet Room,” he walked around its shell for a full two minutes, as if he may be able to pick up on the signals himself without the RF detector.  Goggles on top of his head, he scratched the parts where the black rubber met his skin.
“Why do you think you’re bugged, man?”
I said, “Do you think they need a reason why?”
“Absofuckinglutely right, man!” he said as he walked the length of the cargo van.  The vehicle wasn’t terribly large, about seventeen and a half feet long, but you could hide a tracker or listening device in gumball, if the magazines I’d borrowed from the dentist’s office next to Lester’s were any guide.
He pulled the room’s heavy bay door closed, stepped on the kick-plate putting his entire 140 pounds on it, and pulled the handle of the latch downward.  And after it locked into place, Doc reached up beside it and dragged a bolt across a metal slat that made it look like he was loading a round into a rifle that had been built into the wall.
A series of low thwop-thwop pops circled the entire room until every wall glimmered with the flickering light of the gas lamps.  No electricity in the lead-lined room-- just more waves to Doc-- except a faint sound of an exhaust fan.  
Standing there in a grubby t-shirt and paint-plastered cargo pants, I’d never seen him wear anything else; he put his hands on his hips, took a deep breath, and said, “This is freedom, man.  No invisible demons running through your pores right now.  Total freedom.  Can you feel it?”
“I sorta miss them,” I said.  “I feel naked, Doc.  Hold me?”  Doc backed away with an exaggerated look of panic on his face, then laughed and slapped my arm.
The back van doors wouldn’t swing open in the lead-lined room, so I had to go in through the side door with his handheld detector.  
“You know one day, all the signals are going to make men sterile,” he said between mindless humming noises. “Probably be for the best.” 
Flipping the device on, the amber screen rolled a couple times as the device reset itself.
I asked, “Speaking of which—you guys still trying to have a kid?”
Doc shrugged.  “Yes.  Tiff is waiting for just the right moment.” 
Inside, I stared at the back of the van and scooted along with my knees, checking the driver’s side first.  Up and down, I swept the device along the wall.  It’s a unidirectional device so you have to be pointing at the place you want to check out.  Far as I could tell, there were no spikes as I moved closer to the front.
“What’s the right moment that she’s waiting for?”
“She says pink.  When her mood is... pink,” he said, his eyes trained on the device in my hand.  “You’ve got some bounce on that, man.”
I nodded.  “See that.  Sorta faint, so I’m picking up the scatter of a signal.”
“Yeah, maybe,” he said and looked around the van, eyes darting from corner to corner.
“Could be residual charge in the engine, static electricity.”
“Yeah, usually it takes a while for that to bleed out, man,” he said.  “Could be.”
Another half minute of silence, and I’d moved to the opposite wall.  Still, just an echo, nothing definite.  I asked, “How often is she painted pink?”
“Not often enough.”
“Which is?”  I remembered my conversation with Pavan about the dome light, the only thing that had worked on the van when it went into the deep.  Maybe there was some emission from there.
“Hasn’t been pink yet, actually.”  He looked like he was trembling, slightly.  
“Wow.”
“Yeah and I can’t jerk off or anything because we think it would be best for me to save all the little guys up and unload at the same time.”  
I crawled under the light in the middle of the van’s ceiling and held the device there.  No change.  
“Is that what ’we’ think?”
He nodded.  “More her, actually.  But, you know, she’s smarter than I am.”
I ran the meter across the dash, the panel, the glove box.  Nothing there.  “So she walks around naked in a rainbow of colors, except pink, all day and you haven’t had sex in…”
“Seventy-four days, nineteen hours and about twenty-four minutes.”
I said, “Bummer.”  Clicking on the light agitated the meter’s needle.  
“Well, don’t do that.  You’re just picking up radiation from the light, man.”
“There could be some push into the low radio frequencies signal if this were just a light,” I said, clicked the light off and the reading went away.  “But that be pretty minor.”
Doc peered into the door window and when I turned the light on, meter pegged again.  I looked at him across the seat.
“Yeah, I don’t know... but you’ve got some ultra-high in there and that shouldn’t be coming from the bulb.  You turn the light on, could be that something else on that circuit sends out a signal.”
“Then, every time you open the door, something in here sends a location.”
“Wow, yeah,” he said.  I nodded and added: “So you know where and when I got in and out of the van.  But maybe no constant track.”  I hit the light with the flat of my palm a couple times and it cracked and smashed.  Holding the meter to the busted light, I opened the door.  No light, no burst of signal.
There was a problem with the light/GPS tracker theory.  The Mentor had put me in the van for a ride.  Just the one.  That should have been the last time the van was in my possession.  Had he anticipated I’d pick it up from the impound lot?
I came out and yanked the side door, and it closed with a clang that rattled off the thick walls.  Running the hand held signal detector up and down the van again, there was still the faintest of signals, just slightly stronger maybe, but I couldn’t zero in on it.    
We checked under the hood and Doc even climbed underneath the vehicle since he’s skinnier than me but came up empty.  I was pretty sure all my friends were skinnier than me.
“Might be in these side panels,” he said, the meter in hand showed the slightest bounce as he moved it from side to side.  “But you said he reinforced them.”
“Yeah, I’m not getting in there without a circular saw.”
“Got one,” Doc said and clicked off the detector.  
“Not in the pool is it?”
He thought on that for a moment.  “I hope not.  Lost the pool.”
“You mentioned that,” I said.  “No, I’m not cutting into this.  If he put another tracker on the van, he wouldn’t bury it in steel.  Might be residual RF from the radio receiver, sympathetic vibrations in the metal… But, for the time being I’ll just park it a few blocks from where I want to be and walk.”
Instead, I picked up a hammer and rapped on the right side of the van, then walked around and did the same to the left.
“More hollow on the other side.  Weird.”
“Makes sense,” I said and put the hammer down.  “That way you can be assured that it lands on that the driver’s side when it plunges into a quarry lake.”
“Is that something you’re likely to do with it?”
“Not again,” I said.  As he raised the door to the Quiet Room, I nodded toward his studio up stairs.  “You got enough black acrylic paint to do some work?”
“What sort of work?”
“Van painting.  If I have someone looking for me, they’re looking for a white van.” 
Doc stared off for a moment.  “Not black.  But, I got a bunch of paint left over after that Piedmont Park Spring exhibit got shuttered before I could get even halfway finished.”
“I remember that,” I said, nodding.  “The fertility one that got shut down after the religious symbolism began to look a little too, um, Freudian.”
“Just after we erected it.”  A year later, the regretful pun still had him grinning from ear-to-ear.
“Yes, ‘erected’, thanks for that.”
“Protests, letters from school boards, threats to permanently pull city funding… I still have the photo from the paper.  I’m like a blur in the background, just off the unpainted tip.  Art in motion.  Kinetic creativity.”
“Okay, so you have left over paint from the project?”
“Yeah, a shit-ton of purple!” 

~~~



Chapter Fourteen

Over the years, I’ve made several semi-serious attempts to learn how to meditate.  Most of the times that I sought spiritual singularity or tried to get my chi lined up with my chakras, I’ve just fallen asleep.  There’s just something about lying down, relaxing, clearing one’s head that seems to naturally lead to zzzz.
When they’re not setting themselves on fire, Tibetan monks are said to sit and meditate ten hours a day.  You would sort of envy them, that level of concentration and commitment, but what are they mulling over for ten hours?  And at this supposed higher level of consciousness—TEN hours a day, every day— those guys should be churning out new ideas.  
But, nope, nothing.  No great works of literature, no cures for cancer, not even a cool card trick.  I think they’re either sleeping or simply looking to get out of the daily rock-paper-scissors showdown that picks the next volunteer for self-conflagration. 
The closest I’d come to a meditative state was driving long distance, hours a day.  The repetitive pattern of the white-dashed line, the binaural hum as the tires gnash into the black top... that puts me into a zone.
It was probably somewhere between one and two in the morning when I finally gave up trying to fall asleep.  You'd think crashing in Doc's garage-turned-workroom-- all that paint, acetone, and whatever else he's got in there-- I'd be out like a baby (one that'd be given a half bottle of Children's Nyquil).  
My only thought was to head out, go for a drive and try to bring the sleepies on.  
The one thing that tripped me up was the thought there might be some sort of signal coming from the van.  A little paranoid, sure, but life-threatening, bizarre scenarios brought on by sadistic asshole abduction, trust me, it just comes natural.
I did not want to get back on his radar.
A walk, then.  Clear my head, and then maybe back for a couple hours of sleep.  And if there were a convenience story midway that, who knows?, stocked a beer I liked, maybe that might help too.
Sitting up slowly, groggy, I was still in LaLa land when a fist took hold of my shirt, jerked me upward, and then slammed me down against the crappy couch.  Beneath me, two ferocious springs took their shot and drilled into the middle of my back.
Before I could take a breath, the hand was back yanking me forward, and I felt a sweaty forehead connect with mine.
“You’re not an easy man to find, my very good friend Dexter,” The Mentor said.
I raised my hands to grab my head, it was throbbing, but they were brushed aside like thin kitchen curtains in a thunderstorm.  A snap at my neck, then the small sting of a bug’s bite, and cold, black ooze quickly began to spill into my brain.
A rag doll, my vision blurring, he hadn’t even bothered with binding my hands.  Whatever he’d given me, it worked fast.
Looking up, the ceiling turned to sky, and just beyond his head in the dull light the heavens were turning the color of scraped steel.  He looked down to look at me and that perfect smile was like staring into the sun.
“You’re slipping fast, little brother, so I’ll be quick here,” he said, as his voice rippled the world around us.  “The safest and quickest trek, as you’ll discover, is north but that’ll earn you some serious confrontation, challenges—like in the forest areas.  They’re cooler but don’t go unarmed.”
Son-of-a-BITCH!
“Bring water with you,” he said, his grip tightening.  “The rule is a gallon of water a day.  But you and I know how much a gallon of water weighs. Heavy as shit.  Ain’t that right?”
Vaguely, I remembered there was, above me, a vase or glass-- a window?-- and I thought if I could kick at it, the shattering, would catch someone’s attention.  At least it might get a neighbor on the phone to the police.
“Right?   The weight of a gallon of wat-TER”  His grip got tighter.  
I growled back: “Eight pounds.”
“Eight?”  
“Eight POINT three-four,” I said, surprising even myself by the recall, which was an echo of a voice, one of my college professors, in my head.  I then added: “Ass-HAT.”
“If you can steal a compass, you should.  You need to make a beeline to safe quarter—not walk in circles.”  
As I spun downward, my breathing slowed, and the black ooze, which felt now like down quilts folding over my body-- he jerked my body, bringing me back.
"Not yet, sleepyhead."
I heard a window shatter but I knew somehow it wasn't real.  Something in my mind was breaking down, breaking way.  As my vision faded, I could feel a pressure building behind my eyes.
“Out in the open, that dry air, keep your mouth closed.  I know that’ll be a tough one for you, Mr. Chatterbox,” he said, lifting me as he laughed.  
For a man as strong as he was, he still struggled as he put me into a fireman's carry.  His words were a little strained, now:  “No shorts.  Long sleeves, long pants.  Nighttime is relatively safer to travel but then you’re talking about all sorts of crawling nasties:  snakes, scorpions, centipedes and worse.  Look for game trails which can lead to somewhere better temporarily but remember they’re called game trails for a reason.”
I started to fade, drifting off, anticipating my next new hellhole.  My captor growled in exertion, his body banged against the wall as he opened the door to the garage and headed to the outside.
“Hold on, hold on now, stay with me,” he said moving faster now, his momentum picking up.  “Now, remember the "rule of threes" isn’t just for jokes, Dexter.  Very important.  Food, water, air.  You need to worry about water.  No more than three days without water, right?”
As I fell back into the blackness, my head lolled up and I saw stars.  
So beautiful.
So, so beautiful.
“Okay.  You’re ready.  Ready as you’ll ever be.”
Then, I heard my two most hated words on the planet.
“Lesson begins.”

I DON'T OFTEN HAVE sex dreams.  This is not because I don’t wish to have sex dreams.  I wish every dream could be a sex dream.  There’d be shtup-a-palooza all night if I had it my way but no one running the dream booth ever seems to be asking me for a playlist.
In fact, most of my dreams are completely unconnected.  I’m talking to a butterfly that’s spinning acorns for an AM radio station in rural Missouri during the football game while the glass tilts back and shows me the easiest way to sew the monkey’s arm back on the stapler’s bad mood.
Seriously.  They are that jumbled, messed up.  
I wouldn’t even mind messed up if, say, between the football game and monkey’s arm somewhere there’s a naked Jennifer Connelly or something.
Still, it was clear that I was dreaming.  Or at least that seemed to be the explanation that made the most sense.  The woman I was making out with as we sat, tired and leaning against the thatch wall after dancing all night under the fruit-covered Jello bats (see?)… Well, she was a passionate kisser.  
Did I know her?  She was really, really into me.  
Finally, she pulled back—needing to confess her love to me, most likely, before we consummated our love in a passionate, even violent, expression of two strangers seeking solace in one other.
And she said: “Rrrarrrrnnnnttttt!”

IN GENERAL, WAKING UP— the mind discovering that the reality it had taken for granted the past several hours is a fiction and now distrustful of this new construct— waking up can be pure terror.  
Most of us, by the time we’re old enough to be conscious of this terror, have grown so familiar with it, and that particular extreme fear is processed, packaged and sent to some cerebral incinerator (likely to be recycled and reformed into sleep apnea, narcolepsy, or even nighttime erectile dysfunction, who knows).  We don’t even notice how unnerving the transition can be.  
Occasionally, I’ve woken up, only to be instantly confronted with a new, instant mind-numbing horror that snaps into my brain, questions like, “Where am I?”, “Who is that?’ and “Are my tetanus shots current?”  
Within seconds of waking, my heart began to race, but each time I tried to open my eyes, I was punished by the angry sun.  My sense of smell was really the only data channel with any information to process, and it told me something was really rank.  And, for once, that something wasn’t me.
I’d been sitting up, my hands bound behind me and when my fingers flexed, the grit they found felt like dirt.  But the oppressive, stuffy heat told me this was indoors, the sun then coming from a window on the opposite side of the room.
The donkey leaning in the open window above me griped again and I thrashed my head a couple times so he’d—no, no—she’d stop licking my face.  I must have had some food on it.  Or I’m just hot to donkeys.
Donkey?
My shoulders felt like they were shredded on the inside and my hands were strapped together with thick ropes.  Best guess is that I’d been dragged by my bound hands a good part of the journey to wherever I was now.
Suddenly a pant leg eclipsed the sun, filling my blurry vision.  It smelled like sweat and dirt and was oily against my face.  The man was chattering at me, angry, but I didn’t understand a word of it.  Arching my neck back, I saw he was chasing away my new girlfriend.  He closed the wooden shutter, latching it with a feeble rope.
He looked down at me as he tightened the knot behind my back.  I said: “That’s not the first time I’ve woken up with an ass in my face.”
His expression didn’t change as he yanked on the cord a couple times to make sure it was secure.
“Too easy?” I said; my throat raw and dry.  “Yeah, you wait.  I’m just getting warmed up here.  Saving the ‘A’ material for the big close.”
Across the dry, dusty room, there was an empty table, three chairs.  No plates or cups, just a huge bowl in the center.  
Desert.  
I concentrated the word again: desert.
Just before passing out, I'd realized The Mentor had been spewing info for surviving a desert, so it wasn’t a complete surprise.  Before I passed out, I’d tried to come up with every desert in North America, to prepare myself.
But, we don’t have a ton of rifle-toting, foreign-tongued donkey owners in North America.  So, I’d been on the slow boat to Crazyland again for however long.
“Where am I?”
The man bent down, his dark face scarred and chipped by the elements.  Either that or this dude was getting the real cheap moisturizer and paying the price.    
He said something to me, asking me a question.  Rolling the words over and around in my mind, I had no idea what he was asking.  Inferring as much as I could from my surroundings, it didn’t seem like he’d asked me if I needed a glass of water (he didn’t appear that accommodating to tied up guests) or if I thought the surviving members of Led Zeppelin were ever going to get back together.  No friggin’ clue what he wanted?
I said, “Nice breath.  You haven’t been brushing after meals, have you?”
Bobo the Malodorous asked his question again, this time louder.  I shook my head and shrugged.  He seemed to be getting agitated and when I caught sight of the AK-47 slung over his shoulder, so it seemed agitated wasn’t the ideal disposition for my new friend.
Another rolling boil of words flooded over me and then he shouted something, spitting as he did.  Staring me down for what felt like an eternity, he muttered something, took a few steps back and pulled the window on the opposite side of the room closed, the flap arching downward on its hinges, and the panel of wood banging on the sill until it settled into place, a sliver of light slicing at a small spot on the dirt floor.
Looking around the room, about fifteen feet down the wall, I saw one other man in similar condition to me; except he was a dozen years older, maybe a foot taller, and had a bullet hole just below the hairline.  Dirt covered head lolled forward; his dead eyes were wide as if something important had just occurred to him.
“Listen, I’m not with that guy,” I said.  “I don’t know who he is or what the crazy bastard who put me here said to you, but I don’t need lead to the head for any reason.  Just let me know what I can do to help—“
The man wailed at me, then spun the rifle toward me.  He was insistent, asking me the same thing, over and over.  I shook my head, “no” because whatever he was asking, it seemed like some sort of accusation.  At least by the look in his eyes, that was my guess.
“No, no.  Wasn’t me,” I said, fully aware my words were wasted.  “I've never even met your sister.”  
Slowly, my nasty-breathed friend took a step back and exhaled, lowering his weapon.  At the sight of that, I also exhaled.  
Two more men burst into the room through the door, and one of them began barking at my new BFF.  I took this chance to investigate my surroundings, look around.  One big room.  Two windows, one of which was above my head, the other directly across from me.  A door to my left was closed and in front of it two guys with rifles were talking with the other guy with the rifle.  Typical.  Everyone but me had a cool rifle.
The taller of the two men who’d entered turned to me and said a few words.  I shrugged.
“Have no idea what you’re saying, man.”
The three started chattering again and I thought back to what the Mentor had said before knocking me out cold again.  Water, scorpions, compass… I was going to be walking through a desert.  But where, which desert?
That’s when I noticed a patch on the shoulder of one of the men.  Now, I didn’t believe these guys were military, but what do I know?  Maybe this guy pulled the military jacket off of a dead soldier’s body.
But I could see the flag patch, like a streetlight.
Oh damn.
As a kid, I had a huge poster on my wall with a map of the world.  Every time my father would travel to one, I’d color it in with a black marker.  
He’d been a programmer before, I think, they’d even really called it that.  And being a foreigner, not travelling on an American passport, he was a favorite to travel overseas to set up computer systems for various companies establishing themselves in third-world countries.  Especially, third-world countries that liked to shoot Americans (there are quite a few, FYI).
Thinking back to my World Wall, I specifically remember the flag that looked like a sideways streetlight.  
Red, yellow, green bars in succession, left to right.
Just like a streetlight.
Guinea.  I was staring at the flag of Guinea.  
When I passed out, I was in a garage-turned-workroom in Georgia.  
Woke up in West Africa.

THE HARDEST PART OF dealing with any situation, specifically when said situation required a solution or else you might die, is first exactly defining what the problem is.  
Sounds simple but, too easily, one could get distracted by extraneous factors and elements surrounding the actual issue at hand.  
Sure, here I am bound at the wrists sitting on the floor of a mud hut in Africa with three militants or ex-militants or guys who play Afrikana Dungeons and Dragons—doesn’t matter.  I’d already stared down the barrel of an AK-47 rifle and was pretty sure it wouldn’t be the last time.  At that moment, my problem was my proximity to these three men.  
Surviving meant widening the gap between me and them.
Drawing my attention back to them, I watched as two men sat down at the table.  They ate noisily in front of me, and I think that was probably the point.  Probably trying to break my spirit a little, me being the captive of the captors.  Of course, had they been swigging Bass Ales instead of eating fingerfuls of gray-brown paste, they probably would have had me at hello.  A couple of Guinness, and I would have drawn a map to my mother’s house, pointing out her very favorite rooms in yellow highlighter, at that point.  
It occurred to me that, not at that moment, but soon, I should maybe look into my “passion” for beer at little bit.
The taller man had left.  Was he the leader of this merry band of scalawags?
An ancient television in the corner, to the left of the door, held the attention of the remaining two men for the moment.  Looking over, I could just make out the flurry of black and white limbs on the screen, as Stan Laurel was being physically admonished by his portly friend Oliver Hardy.
Watching Mike and Ike chomp away at their meal (Dinner, lunch, breakfast?  Sunday bunch?), I tried to piece together why my hands were bound and what these men wanted with me.  
Ignoring an increasingly encroaching dirt-wedgie, my thoughts went to The Mentor, and how he’d actually appeared to be former military.  
He’d unloaded me on these guys, so maybe he was former government.  Whichever government that might be.
But, if that were true, what would that tell me?  These fine lads were certainly not members of the local Chamber of Commerce.  Nor did I believe they were a part of the federal Guinea government.  This looked like a pretty ragtag group.
There aren’t many reasons to hold an American hostage in a West African nation. In fact, I could only really think of one.  It especially came to mind because in between bites of hairy, horned beast mash, one of the guys pointed his grubby fingers at me and said a word that sounded an awful lot like “dollars.”
I was going to be traded back to the Americkana for ransom.
Now, my family doesn’t have any serious dough that I know of, so this wasn’t a case of Daddy Warbucks coming up with a couple million to free the sole heir to his familial widget-making factory.  My savings account is healthy from the hospital settlement, sure.  But you just rob a guy like that; you don’t kidnap him in a foreign country so he’ll whip out his debit card.  They were using me for ransom; not unusual in this part of a world as a way for small bands of crooks to get some cash together.
For a moment, my mind slid back to the hospital and the accident that killed my sister.  
When I had killed my sister, for six years I’d owned the blame for my sister’s death and, as strange as this may sound, I hungrily embraced that blame.  The more it hurt, the more horrible the looks were directed at me, the easier my breaths came, the easier one foot landed in front of the other.  
No, I’d have to put those thoughts off.  All that would have to wait.  I had to widen the gap between me and my captors.  Big as possible.  At the moment, that was the only thing that mattered.
There’s a tire store just down the road from me in Marietta and, from time to time, I’ll poke my head in and drink a couple cups of coffee and watch CNN.  You have to go early in the morning, which is tough because there aren’t a lot of folks around—hard to get lost in the crowd when there’s no crowd.
Problem is, though, if you go later in the day you’re fighting old ladies with bald tires who want to watch angry TV judges or the latest male-bashing women’s talk show.  And the old ladies will win, every time.
I couldn’t remember any of the politics to it, but I was, sure at some point, we in the West made a good chunk of the Guinean population pretty mad at us.  Maybe they were still steamed we’d taken their sacred rat, called it a pig and made it a some suburban pet, so when it wasn’t forced to run the never-ending road within a spinning, metal wheel, it was rolling around in number-two pencil shavings.  Didn’t know and, frankly, didn’t care.  I was under the belief that all governments are corrupt, selfish and dangerous.  
I’m not an anarchist, mind you, and not keen to have my city run by the guy with the biggest gun.  It’s just the swinging dicks of one government banging up against the swinging dicks of another government have nothing to do with me. 
Yet, at that moment, here I was, the one with the rope bracelets and sand boogers.  Go figure.
So, a fat, former movie theater usher was to be ransomed back to the U.S.  Little bands of, well, bandits have been doing this for years according to my tire store CNN viewing.  Not just to the U.S. government, any government with a couple bucks gets targeted, it seems.  It’s an easy way to get dough to pay off the third-world Walmart gun cache layaway; so that they could all poke holes in each other.  When they run outta dough, they hit the bank.  And at that moment, I was the ATM card.
“I’ve got some seriously overdue library fines,” I said to Mike, who was slightly taller than Ike.  Both men turned toward me.  “I think whatever cash you’re asking for, you’ll have to take that into account.”
Mike said something angry and little bits of food shot from his mouth.
I shook my head slowly.  “Just a warning.  I once had Muppet Christmas checked out for two and half years.”
Ike looked at me, his spoon halfway to his mouth.  His teeth clacked against the metal as he said, staccato, “Mupp-pet Movie?”
Stunned, I nodded.
“Yes.  Mup-pet.”
Ike said something jumbled and odd to his friend, but Mike just looked at him and laughed.  Then he threw a bread roll at him and laughed some more.  I think it was a bread roll.  Could be some massive Guinean stinkbug for all I knew.
After a few more minutes, the two men stood up, raking their food-caked fingers on the edge of the table.  Ike picked up the bread roll that had been tossed at him and threw it at me.  It glanced off my head and landed on the dirt floor.  Both men laughed and Mike said something, which I guessed was some mocking tone about my dinner sitting next to me.  Or maybe he finally got the “ass in the face” joke (really, it just takes some people longer, but it’s no less rewarding).
Gathering their stuff to leave, thick green coats over a shoulder, rifles over the other, the one that had tossed the roll at me came right up to my face.  He instructed me, harshly, to do something.  Then he stepped back, and used his camera phone to snap my photo.  Didn’t even comb my hair or nothin’.
Pointing at me, he barked a few more orders.  
I said, “Wait, and hold on.  Now, let’s do a silly one,” then made a face, eyes crossed, tongue lolled out.  He looked at me, uninterested, and then went back to talking with his buddy.
As he did, my eyes went to a can of Sterno, which had been heating a square, tin bowl of food held up on a coat hanger wire.  An idea popped in my head.  Then as if he’d read my mind, Ike went over and blew the flame out and both walked to the door.  As his friend left, Ike lifted his hand and pointed to the floor.
“Sit,” he said.  “Qui-ett.”
I nodded wondering if he’d learned a couple English words from television programs “brought to you by the letter K and the number 5.”
The door closed and the metal on wood scrape told me a lock of some sort had been engaged.  My guess was that was more to prevent people from breaking in and stealing their “money” rather than preventing the tied up hostages-- ranging from immobile to outright dead-- from escaping.
Leaning forward onto my knees for the first time, my back, arms and legs complained in concert.  One of the library tapes I’d listened to warned about DVT, deep vein thrombosis.  You get it from being all cramped up for a long period of time, and the resulting blood clot can permanently turn your lights out.  At the moment, I felt like the perfect candidate.  
“Owwww,” I moaned, trying to stretch while testing the strength of the rope behind my back at the same time.  Thick, strong.  Looked back over my shoulder, I saw now the rope around my ankle as if they’d tied down some livestock.  Which, essentially, they had.
The walls were wood and looked treated with some sort of tar to keep out the moisture.  Above me were overlapping layers of thin, metal sheets with clumps of straw to fill the gaps between the walls and ceiling.  The two windows were without glass, closed by a wooden, hinged flap that came down, however, only one side was secured.
There was a tall cabinet on the other side of the room, like a wardrobe, but no way was I getting to that.  The table and chairs were out of reach, too but would do me no use if I could get to them.
The Sterno.  That’s was my immediate goal.  To get free, I needed the tin of liquid flame.
Movies had taught me that my first effort had to be getting my arms in front of me, or I was useless.  So, the trick is to pull the bound arms underneath the butt, come up over the legs, and you’ve got your hands in front of you.  At least, this is how I’d seen it done countless times in Hollywood action-adventure films.
Turns out, this is really, really hard to do.
My guess, of all the movies I’ve seen, the stunt double is the guy really doing the flopping around.  In fact, as my wrists got jammed behind my meaty thighs, their tiny little bones nearly snapping from stress, I came to the conclusion even the stunt guy’s going: “Hell, I can’t do that.”  
My first try had been whilst up on my knees, so I thought lying on my side would be the next best option.  But it seems my arms are like little Tyrannosaurus Rex arms compared to the rest of my body.  It hadn’t occurred to me previously that I had little T. Rex arms, but I apparently do.
Arching the back.  That’s got to be the secret.  Lessen the distance from shoulder blade to butt, bring the arms around.  A moment later, on my side, breathing in dirt floor, sweating profusely, the mud beginning to cake around the right half of my face and neck, I curved back my spine and tried again.
I’d rounded my back so much, it felt as though the bones were grinding into chalk dust, little bits of the spine spitting into the surrounding muscle tissue.  The brilliant idea was then to attempt to squeeze my butt through the loop, and I actually got about halfway before getting stuck, knowing for certain if my back were to tire and straighten even slightly, both wrists would break for certain.
Luckily, at this point, my body was drenched in sweat.  
Sure, I was out of shape and it was probably a hundred and fifteen in the mud shack, but aside from looking like one side of my face had been dipped in coco, my body was soaked as if I'd just come inside from a walk in a hurricane.
So with the slick and slimy skin, I actually got my arms around my overstuffed rump.
“Cool,” I squeaked out, my bound wrists pressing hard against the bottom of my knees, which were still tender from a recent trip to the islands on the other side of the planet.
Biggest problem—aside from “deathblow by rifle stock” if Mike, Ike or their friend walked back in—is that I hadn’t thought it through beyond the butt.  Frankly, it had stunned me to even get this far.  But, now, I was smashed into a ball like some sort of rolly-polly bug.  There would have been peals of laughter coming from me if my lungs could take in any more than a spoon of air, because it was completely ludicrous that it hadn’t occurred to me that I’d have to get my legs through my arms.  As if I could thread my ham hocks out between my hands! 
If the three stooges start rattling the door, I’m dead.  I’ve got to go way forward and hell no if I could pull my hands back to where they were before.
I laid back, wrists under my knees, and allowed myself to try to slow the heaving of my chest, but there wasn’t a ton of time.  After a moment, unable to take a full breath, I was a little dizzy from my blood’s drop in O2 saturation. 
I tried to turn back on my side but the other rope, the one around my foot like a leash, caught my ankle and jerked me back.
My mind snapped back for its oxygen-starved time out, but it had, thankfully, picked up an idea on the return trek.  
Walking with my butt, arms strapped tight to my thighs, I scuttled as quick as I could to the rope at the wall.  The tip of the rope by my calf had been capped with a metal sleeve like one of those things at the end of shoelaces, securing it to my ankle.
But maybe where the rope meets the wall… maybe that was the weak link.
I inched closer, carving a rut in the dirt with my tailbone and got a good look at my leash.  Upon closer inspection, it appeared the rope was fastened to an iron spike in the shape of a sewing needle, three or four inches thick-- the tip of which had been hammered deep enough into the ground to pierce the Earth’s core.  Certainly, I wasn’t the first captive ever to be held in this room.
Still, it was worth a try, so I scuttled onto my back, my heels going up the wall and my fingers flexed forward, groping for the rope, about six inches from the wall.  I finally got a good grip and tried to push away from the wall with everything my legs would give me.
Nothing.
So, I did what any rational adult would do with the lower half of his body halfway up a wall, wrists red-raw from rope, and nearly covered head to ass in mud.  I yelled and thrashed my feet like an infant that had just shit itself.
My heart jumped at the sound of the door latch disengaging behind me and, terrified, I held perfectly still, waiting for the blow.  Or maybe if I didn’t move, they wouldn’t see me trying to make an escape, just maybe doing my “special exercises.”
Frozen in place… Nothing.  No yelling and no smack to the noggin with the business end of a Kalashnikov rifle
Craning my neck around, I then saw the sound of the metal “latch.”  The Sterno tin had bobbled and moved.  It seemed my childish tantrum had shifted the wall, and this had bumped the tin closer to the edge of the flimsy counter top. 
My eye this time on the can, I rose up on my elbows and kicked again.  As the tin inched forward, I kept at it, kicking and kicking.  Although that initial effort likely took the better part of ten minutes, the sweat-soaked and fevered concentration it required made it feel as though just seconds had slipped away from me.
I had to stop three times to rest, my entire body soaked in sweat, the dirt caked to that sweat, so I looked like some panicked, captive, felonious Gingerbread Man attempting prison break.
When the tin began to teeter on the edge of the counter, I could hardly believe my eyes.  Then, success! The can dropped, flipped a couple times and landed face down in the dirt.
“Dammit!”
Stronger through my anger, and fortified by my small victory with the tin, I pressed my heels into the wall and yanked down on my arms, sliding them back to where they started, behind me.  I then flipped onto my stomach and inched down the wall, using my knees and my chin.
Within reach of the Sterno can, I nabbed it with my brow and tugged it toward me with my forehead, its contents leaving a dirty, blue snail-trail on the floor.  That was my fuel.  That’s what I wanted.
A few moments later, I’d moved the tin to where my fingers could grasp it, and spun backwards, fumbling with it until I could drizzle the remainder of the contents between my hands.  I felt the still-warm gel ooze down my bindings and drip onto my wrists.  Then, I leaned up on my knees trying to get the fuel sloshed onto the other side of the bindings, realizing somewhat darkly that there’d be no way to not get the goop on my skin.
This was really going to suck.
Scanning my close proximity, I didn’t see a lighter, matches or even two convenient pieces of flint to bang together.  The Laurel and Hardy movie on the television was silent because either the sound was busted or just turned down, so wordlessly, both men on the screen were laughing wildly, mocking my half-success.  I felt a strong urge to kick the tube in.
Then the thought came to me that if I did, I could use the glass to concentrate the sun… except, with wooden shades dropped, there was no sun coming into the room.  And even if there were, what were the odds I could hold up a good piece of thick glass with my toes while focusing the sun’s rays onto my wrists?  Yeah, not so good.
Only one option.
Inching toward the television, stretching the rope leash, then my leg to the very limit of its length, I pushed the TV aside, exposing the wall of wires.  There wasn’t an outlet—it looked as though they’d just stolen someone else’s power and run cords to the back of the television.  So, these guys were not only kidnappers and killers, they were also stealing cable.
“Is there no end--,” I rasped, my breathing heavy and ragged, leaning down toward the wires, “--to their treachery?”
I saw electrical tape wrapped around the plug of the television and leaned down and started gnawing at the tape with my teeth.
Spitting out bits of black to the floor, it tasted like hell, all I could think of was mom telling me as a kid that T.V. would rot my brain… and that if I bit a little too deep, I’d only prove her point.  
I finally got an end and tugged hard, the tape stubbornly unraveling in a gummy mess.  I chewed the thick black strip into my mouth and pulled more, until eventually, I had it all.  I spit out the wad and stared at my destination.  Two bared wires twisted into the metal tines of the television’s plug.
“This is totally stupid,” I said.  But what was another choice?
Spinning around, facing away from the bare wires, I lifted my hands, scooted back, my stomach jumping as my adrenal gland squirted fear into my guts, until the fuel-soaked ropes at my wrists were just above the plug.  I lifted my body, balancing on the balls of my feet so that gravity would take care of everything once my body started backward.
A quick glance around the room.  Any other choices?  Down the wall, the dead guy with the bullet-holed head offered no help, but he’d kept to himself since I’d arrived, so this didn’t surprise me.
“Nope,” I said and fell back, dropped my hands.
At first, the juice flowing from the bare wires into my arms, my chest, my stomach, my thighs made my entire body flinch into a two hundred and twenty pound fist—my brain didn’t register much of it, having checked out the second before I’d dropped my hands.  Then, the pain hit my skull and it felt like I’d jumped fifty stories and connected with the pavement face first.  All my muscles contracted, twisted violently alongside my bones, and burned from the inside out as I was being electrocuted.
Something in my head screamed to pull away, roll forward away from the terrible pain, but I was muscle-locked into the excruciating pose, frozen mid-fall as if sitting in an invisible electric chair, having lost motor control of every limb in my body.   My neck, my jaw, my shoulders, everything down to the insteps of my feet was constricted to the point of snapping in half.
Then, it seemed like the world had begun to spin on its axis again, shaking off a brief, rare moment of indecision, and I was tipping toward the floor.  My mind began to reluctantly drift back, and I heard the thump of my body hitting the dirt.  In the daze, I wondered dreamily if I’d even stopped halfway down at all, or if instead time for me had simply frozen as my body had.
When I began to smell the smoke of my bindings, burning rope and Sterno fuel, I smiled, nearly drifting off to sleep, exhausted and electrocuted.
It was the sudden, shrill pain at my wrists that slapped me awake.  I could feel the skin at my wrists actually bubbling.
Fighting back every urge to stop the burning, my teeth clamped down hard enough to chip enamel, but I knew there’d be just one shot—I extinguish the flame at my back too early, wrists are burnt but I’m still tied up.
Wait too long, I’m free but my hands both look like pork strips, forgotten on the grill.  
Necessity insisted that the terrible pain be dropped into a small mental box, fastened shut with some string and, just for a moment, be put upon a shelf somewhere dark in my mind.
For some reason, that thought took me back to the conversation I’d had with the tile lady about the Kingsford family with their hundred million dollar Georgia home, and I wished, at that moment, there had been a cool drink in my hand as I lounged by their mansion’s pool, chatting with some pretty woman who would laugh at all of my jokes. 
“Aaaaarrrrgggggghhh.”  
It had been more growl than scream, as I tried to keep myself from calling out, the pain was now unbearable.  To fight the urge to put out the flames on my wrists, knowing that it could be extinguished, that I had the power to stop it, yet not stop it, knowing that if my choice turned out wrong I could end up with a bullet in my skull before the end of the day…  I just had to think about other—
Can’t.  Just can’t anymore.  Christ!  Too much pain.  
I drew in a deep breath, again resisting the urge to scream.  
As the air turned to smoke, my tongue rolled around a strange taste.
The strange aroma I was now breathing in wasn’t just rope and fuel but also the microscopic particulates of my own burning flesh.  I was breathing in the smoke from my own burning flesh.
No more, couldn’t take it, and I rolled over pressing my hands into the dirt below me.  Grinding my wrists into the dirt floor, the pain so constant that it was now beginning to morph into just some nuisance input— like the muffled sound of the jukebox downstairs in Lester’s as I tried to sleep in my bed.   I was thankful my hands were not visible at the moment, behind me, because with the amount of gore there seemed to be squishing around back there, it would be a sight that would likely make me faint.  
Then, the test.  Had I waited long enough?  
I took a huge breath, braced for a new wave of pain and tried to wrench my wrists apart.  Pulling, pulling, pulling I yanked with everything but it wouldn’t budge.  
“One more,” I barked, exhausted.  And, again, I pulled against the binding as hard as possible, my shoulders and triceps burning, but again nothing.  The rope wouldn’t give. 
Slumped onto my side, I breathed heavily, exhausted.  My mind was defeated and depressed and my body tired, hungry, in excruciating pain… I no longer cared if they came through the door now.  I didn’t care if they saw me like this—
“NO,” I said, gritting my teeth.  No, don’t think like that.  One more time.
I tugged again, weaker this time though, and pulled, twisting the ropes, trying to get them to crumble at the burned patches.  
Then, I noticed something odd.  My wrists moved a little in the binding.  Sure, I had lubricant now.  My skin had split and blood was drenching my hands, the ropes.
I pulled again, but instead of outward trying to break the ropes, one hand downward and the other up.
“Ha!”  My left hand was moving!  Pulling harder, I shooed away a thought in my head that I might be pulling the skin of my own hand off like a glove— I had to get out of the ropes.
Nearly there! I could feel the rope slipping and gave it one last hard, long yank.
Yes, there!  
I fell forward, exhausted, my left arm springing above my head like a Roman catapult.  There was indescribable relief in my shoulder, so much so I began laughing, finally able to move it.   But, I hesitated to look down at my arm.
Next, I easily shook the other wrist free from the rope and put both hands above me like a victorious boxer, as I lay forward balancing on my forehead.
Wasting time, I thought.
Wobbling to my feet, I finally looked to see my wrists were torn, burnt red in some parts, but the gore I’d felt was actually blobs of the liquid Sterno that had stuck to my skin.  Bits of flesh had scraped into my hands, but I’d fared far better than expected.  
Most importantly, both hands were free.
Man on a mission now, I didn’t think twice about punching the television tube out with the heel of my left hand, and it made a satisfying thwop when I did.  I grabbed a piece of the glass and worked quickly on the rope that lashed me to the wall.
Then, a moment away from freedom, I noticed the voices.  Focused on breaking my bonds, I couldn’t tell if the voices on the other side of the wall had always been there or, now that I was nearly able to escape, they’d finally wiggled their way into my consciousness.
Sounds like more than three, I thought as I sawed through the rope at my ankle.  The glass was sharp and was cutting quickly, and I’d protected my tender palms with the rope that had been around my wrists.  Even so, alas, my days as a hand model were now surely out the window.
More voices, they were gathering nearby.  I envisioned other scary men with scary rifles were meeting up with the three paramilitary pricks holding me.  
One voice was louder, angrier than the others.  Or at least it sounded angry.  Maybe the guy was just passionate.  Passionate about his work: raping, pillaging, whatever.  Passion or anger, I didn’t want him or his friends to find me on the verge of screwing up a perfectly good kidnapping.
The voices grew louder, not more angry or passionate, but moving closer to the door, and that thought made my hands tremble.  Blood was making the glass in my fingers slippery, and my progress cutting away at the rope’s fibers was slowing.  If they came in now—
Nearly there.  I cut faster, my heart beating like a geeked-out rabbit, my eyes jumping from the rope to the door.  At any moment, that knob could twist and, no question, bad things would happen from there.
Then, finally, the rope fell away and, naturally, as it did the door’s handle began to twist.  I looked up to the window near me.  I’d heard voices from there, but now none.  Were they all gone?  Were they the three who’d been in this room or if I were to jump out the window would my feet disrupt some West African dice game?
Across the room, the other window was still partially open, not tied down like the other.  I saw nothing but bush through the gap.
I jumped up, my knees crackling like newly minted bubble wrap, and as the door began to swing open I leapt for the open window with all the strength left in my thighs, passing from the stifling darkness of the hut to the punishing burst of heat in the midday sun, then landed and rolled to the ground.  Trying to stop my ass-over-head tumble, I put my hands out and they screamed at me, but I had to stop and get to my feet.
Seconds later I heard yelling—one voice, then several—from the other side of the window I’d leapt through.
Standing, to my left were garbage bins, a long row of the backside of tiny, one-room homes flush up to the bush, and that looked like a path to me, so I ran that way, full steam.  As I took my first step, to my right, a ceramic pot exploded— someone was shooting at me from the window.
“Bet he’s pissed about the T.V.”
Weaving through shanty homes, fighting laundry lines and hungry dogs and black flies big as tabby cats and a half dozen kids who laughed merrily as they casually chased me, I tried to ditch the angry guys on my tail.  But I couldn’t even outpace the kids running and dancing around me.
“Go… away!” I said through clenched teeth, pumping my arms harder.  They just laughed and mimicked my arms, a small battalion of skinny toy soldiers stuck in high gear.  
There were no roads, instead just winding paths through clusters of ramshackled homes, bunched together in no discernible pattern, as if this ground once held the element palate of some giant architect that had been commissioned to paint more fortunate neighborhoods beyond the horizon, taking bits and pieces, here and there, scraping off the blobs that didn’t quite work on the edge of this settlement, then had splattered the remnant material here as it cleaned off the brushes.
Dizzy in the heat, I took turns randomly, hoping to evade recapture but grew concerned that my random path might actually begin to take me back toward the thatch and wooden prison.  
“Whoa!” I said, stumbling past the irregular wall of one small shack and nearly tumbling into a wide-eyed old woman who’d been clutching a black plastic bag to her chest.  Off balance, I cut away from her, the kid satellites around me whooping and hollering, they matched me, step for step and when my bare shin banged hard against short cement wall, the world began to tilt awkwardly, but, unexpectedly, small hands righted me and prevented my fall.
The hole that served as window for one home was partially shuttered by a long, shiny metal sheet, its chipped resin lettering looked like advertising, and in a bare patch, my reflection briefly looked back at me.
Here was a corn-fed American (or, rather, grain-, barley-, and hop-fed) running around an African shanty town, encircled by a half-dozen giggling and cheering kids.  My guess: I probably stuck out a little.  
Half covered in dirt, mud and blood, I looked like a madman.  White, black, brown you couldn’t exactly be sure at first glance.  But loony?  Absolutely.  No question.
First mission accomplished: There was now some distance between me and my former captors.
Still, I was running full-tilt with no destination in mind.  There had to be somewhere to hide.  
If my merry band of militants caught me, they may or may not kill me.  But, if they didn’t kill me, they’d probably shoot my legs or cut off my feet or do something that would have me later shopping at specialty apparel shops.  And, despite my recent encounters with high levels of pain, it’s not something that doesn’t bother me.  In fact, I’m terribly afraid of pain.  No likey.  
But I had begun to compartmentalize it, put it in a box and finger-tap it up to a high, mental shelf for a while. Sure, it’d come tumbling down at some point, but there were brief moments of escape from a constant, oppressive hurt.
A slight degree safer, I was sure, just beyond the yelping and giggling around me, was the sounds of pissed-off voices very close behind.
I needed to get out of the sun and get some water. 
The sun was drying the mud to my skin and with my sweat trapped beneath it; I was quickly beginning to overheat.  
Another cut through a group of homes, this next trail looking like every other one before.  On either side of me were with shacks made from panels of wood, metal, plastic, whatever material there was available.  
The path widened slightly, and here some residents were selling small items like matches, sardines, soap and candles, one after the other, makeshift tables so crammed together it was hard to tell where one seller’s space ended and another began.  Something in my mind trilled, recognizing this image as familiar and over the next few moments, as I closed and opened my eyes, the long strip of Guinean street vendors changed—back and forth—into the cluster of cafes down Sunset in Los Angeles.
I crossed between two shacks and came to a skinny dirt roadway, no vehicles in sight but their tracks were there, and picked up my pace some although still far from running anymore.  My group of kids had dwindled by half, probably bored of my ever-slowing trek through their village.  To my right, there was an old man selling what looked like donut holes and my stomach put in a vote for pulling an Artful Dodger.  Another makeshift table held tin cups full of pineapple— something that would cure both my hunger and my thirst.  
A lone woman walking ahead of me was carrying a plate on her head, and, feeling awful about it, I reached in and pulled out a sack as I ran.  The cold felt good in my hands and over the woman screaming at me, the one remaining kid running next to me said something and motioned with his hands to tear the sack open.
Inside was water and ice and my first gulp, so heavenly wet, but didn’t even seem to make it to my throat, just absorbed in my dry lips and tongue.  The boy running next to me held out his hand just as I was awkwardly trying to tilt the bag toward my mouth, so I pulled the bag down in front of me, then scooped out a couple finger length strips of ice from the cold water and handed them over.  His smile grew threefold and, strangely, that beautiful expression did more for me than the entire bag of water I sucked down.  
Just above the roof-lines to my left, treetops began to peak out, so I cut between two shacks toward a strip of forest about twenty feet ahead of me.  
There’d been some bush out the window of the hut I’d awoken in but this seemed to be thick and fuller.  My destination clear, my brain started focusing on the next move.  The bush was a quick hide but not a long term plan.  There had to be a phone around somewhere.  Maybe a police station or Red Cross camp.  
“Is there a phone nearby?” I asked my skinny little friend but he only placed his hand over his mouth for a moment, gesturing, possibly that he didn’t understand what my words meant.
Looking back over my shoulder, I then asked him about a police station or medical building and got the same response.
“What about a bar?  Do you have a bar?”
The kid looked at me strange and laughed.  Then a thought: I tried again with, “Pub?  You have a pub?”
“Pub?” he said, and his eyes lit up.  Chattering wildly, he tore off parallel to the line of trees, toward the blazing sun, and I hesitated because the implied safety and coolness of the trees was so compelling, and instead, I turned and tried to keep up with my skinny little shaman.  But, turning away from the promise of rest, exhaustion came down on me like a heavy, wool blanket and my legs felt filled with cement. 
The kid ran like a wide receiver.  Darting in and around homes.  To him, this was probably all a game.  For me, my life was in his hands.
Which is why when he banked around a corner, then another, and then out of my sight completely, I stumbled and stopped beside a pile of rotting garbage.  
“No, no… where.?…”  
I sucked in breaths that didn't cool the burning in my lungs then slumped to my knees, the dirt hard as stone.  
Nothing left.  
My hands fell to my sides, and I could feel tiny rivulets of blood trickling from my forearms, dripping then lapped up by the dry earth around me.    
Trying to get a full breath, I tipped my head back and could actually feel the heat of the sun on the roof of my mouth.  Filling my lungs again and again, deep breaths that rocked my entire body back and forth, still, the oxygen wasn’t coming fast enough, and I grew dizzy, my mind spinning, the world spinning, around and around, then end over end, I dropped to the dirt ground sideways, then flopped onto my back and faced the cloudless sky.  
The sun was directly overhead and growing larger by the second.  
Once again, like days earlier and thousands of miles away back in Pavan's uncle's garbage-filled back yard, it had singled me out.  And, curious, it was coming down for a closer look. 
“I would guess…” I croaked, hoping that the sound of my own voice might force my mind to right itself, stop the downward spiral toward passing out.  “I’d wager they were having lunch then, ol’ Mike and Ike.  Looks like a noon sun, if I had to guess.  Maybe late breakfast, this would make sense...  They seemed… a very busy sort.”
Whispers turned to murmurs, and then grew to voices, anxious voices that popped up around me.  The sun darkened a couple times as a handful of people stood over me, trying to get a look, like I was some sort of bushman traffic accident.
As my body became light and began to lift across the ether, right when I was starting to enjoy the sensation, I felt a thumb under my chin, jarring me back to full consciousness.
It was the boy, my wide receiver.  He’d come back.  However, his smile had been replaced by a grim expression, and his eyes were darting from me to the direction we’d come from minutes earlier.  The young boy’s youthful appearance belied a quiet cunning born of the daily struggle to simply stay alive and now, a real danger approaching, his carefree veneer fell away.  He knew this wasn’t a game for me, and if they caught him helping me, this wouldn’t be a game for him either.  His words were strained, pinched by his fear, as he tugged at my fingers, trying to get me to stand.
“I can’t… “  My tongue was sticking to my teeth.  I could barely speak.  “I just can’t.”
He said: “Pub.”
“I know… I’m just… tired.”  My eyes fell closed again and, one more time, he jabbed me under the chin with his thumb.  His face was close to mine, and to see fear in his kind eyes broke my heart.
He said: “Pub!  Pub, pub.”  Then added: “Bud-weiser.”
Oh… oh my.  He wasn’t a boy… he was an angel.  A beer angel!
With some difficulty, I rolled forward up to my knees, and surprisingly strong for a kid his size, he helped me to my feet, and we were running again.  For my part, it was more like a long, protracted fall with my feet, alternately, just barely keeping me from hitting the ground.
He led me around a corner, then another.  Every few yards, he’d look back over his shoulder— either at me, to be sure I was dutifully in tow, or that just beyond me to be sure my pursuers were not.  After a couple more minutes of weaving down a winding path only he could see, the tall boy finally stopped, looked past me and puffed his cheeks out.  Blowing the air out, he put his arms up, motioning me to stop.
Parting the bushes next to us with calloused fingers, he nodded for me to head into the bush.  I nodded and stuck my dirty hand out.  He stared at it, at first… then took it happily between his own two hands and shook it vigorously.  With the return of his smile, I felt we’d made it to safety—even if it were only temporary.  He then turned and ran, cut between two shacks and was gone.
Slipping through the brush wasn’t easy.  They were thorny and poky in places but at least the patch of bush was marginally cooler than in the blazing sun.  After about ten minutes of walking the straightest line possible, the bush came to an end, and I found myself at the rear of an old concrete building that had been slapped onto a stone foundation.  The back entrance about three feet above the dusty ground.  At some point there’d been stairs from the ground to its threshold, but maybe the sun had simply dried them over time and they’d blown away as dust.
Reinvigorated by the sight of the first architecturally sound building I’d seen all day, I hopped up to the six inch wide ledge at the base of the door, twisted the handle, and slipped inside.  
For a moment, my surroundings were midnight dark, and as I waited for a moment for my eyes to adjust, the cool interior air pleasantly washed over my burnt skin.  Scattered sunlight peeked in through a small circular window at the top of the small room, a fan pushing the air inside, out.  
The area was not much bigger than a walk-in closet and just as suffocating.
My vision clearing, I could see the large basin next to me, and my hand jutted out toward the spigot.  Rinsing my hands first, my wounds had begun to heal a little but unfortunately the soft tissue that was beginning to form, the very early stages of a scab, that tissue was darkened by dirt.  First, I took a few mouthfuls of warm water to quench my thirst, then just let my hands rinse under the water, trying to rid the wounds of grit and mud.  
Over the next half minute, I cleaned my wrists and hands, noting the damage to my right wrist—blistered and chafed— was a little worse than my left but neither looked damaged beyond repair.
Next to the big sink was a small, ancient washing machine.  Inside, it was just rag after rag but unfortunately not a clean shirt or pair of shorts-- no, not shorts: long pants.  He said long pants, long sleeves.  These were only cleaning linens, a little damp and virtually useless to me, but I pocketed one anyhow, remembering something I’d read a long while back that the long distance traveler would find no more useful item in his packed gear than a good, serviceable towel.  
Just beyond the washing machine was a collection of mops, brooms, and other poled-devices which were in such disrepair, I had no idea what their use could be.  Next to that was another door, leading farther into the building.  Uniquely familiar with the smell, I knew what I’d find somewhere on the opposite side of that door.  
Taking a deep breath, I turned the knob and found myself, sure enough, standing along one wall of a small, dimly lit pub.  The five patrons that had parked themselves at the long, wooden table that served as a bar, each noticed me, and stopped their conversations, one at a time.  The bartender’s skin was noticeably darker than the other men and this made me wonder if he had originally been from another part of Africa.  He had been casually leaning against the back wall, chatting with a few of his customers, but now he also just looked and stared, momentarily unsure what to do about the only white man likely to ever walk into his bar.   
At the other end of the room, there were three men around a small table, younger than those at the bar, watching a soccer match on the television in the corner.  One of them slowly stood and began moving toward the door.  
Clearing my throat and stepping toward the bar, I said, “I would like a beer please.”  The bartender blinked at me, obviously a little stunned that the grungy white guy had spoken his language.  This was just one of the two sentences I knew in Pulaar.  In fact, I knew that particular phrase in one hundred sixty-two different languages never thinking that stupid knowledge could just save my life.
The man who’d been edging toward the door straightened and seemed to relax a degree.  Shrugging, he said something to his two friends and before they had a chance to respond, there was a sudden flurry of activity on the tiny, televised soccer field, the three men then shouting at the television, each contributing to an incomprehensible burst of agitated conversation about what they’d just seen in the screen.
Needing a place to hide, I said my remaining phrase, in local Guinean.
As I spoke, each man stopped what they were doing and simply stared.
Getting no answer the first time, I repeated myself: 
“Where exactly is the restroom in your fine establishment?”
Finally, the bartender nodded slowly and pointed to a door at the far wall.  I walked toward it, briefly debating if I should wait for my order first. Alas, my very survival taking slight precedence over my extreme desire for a bottle of beer, it would have to wait.   
The bathroom was just a small room off the bar.  Inside was a sink striped with mildew, a sheet of metal for a mirror and two ovals cut in the wooden floor.  
Each of the two toilets were capped with a slab of warped wood, a rope tied to one edge.  Anyone needing to use the facilities, it appeared, would pull on the other end of the rope, which had been fed over a large nail.  Another pair of nails would hold a knot that had been tied into the rope until the deed was done, and then the lid would be returned to the down position.  Even with this valid attempt to cover the hole, a blanket of flies surrounded the lids’ warped edges, a twisting, angry black rope, all nosily fighting to get a shot at the buffet below.
Walking over to the sink, I looked at myself in the polished steel that served as a mirror.  
The bathroom was just another temporary hidey-hole, while I tried to come up with the next move.  Looking in the mirror, though, just hideous, so I began to wash away the grime and streaks of blood.  Between scrubs, my mouth sucked down the warm water and it tasted wonderful.  After a full minute, my stomach was so loaded with water it actually hurt. 
Looking again at the face in the reflection, this was someone who I didn’t immediately recognize— and that was not entirely about the dirt.  And, honestly, it also wasn’t entirely bad.  The person I’d become over the past few years was not a man who filled my chest with pride.
The Mentor had given me desert facts before knocking me cold again.  From what he said, I was going to have to trek north, and eventually east, if I remembered my geography correctly.  
Also very helpful was the dog-eared posters on the bathroom wall with the word “Kols” across the top— probably a favorite local, micro-brew.  Just beneath those four letters was a map of the western continent.  Just guessing, it seemed the marketing message here was Kols is the top choice of all of West Africa.  Just below that, the gorgeous, naked woman whose naughty bits had been strategically covered by a huge, thick snake may have been designed to imply the antediluvian temptations of Eden, and given that parts of her nakedness had been hidden, the shame then that she embodied as she lay there alone, having acted as the leaven that precipitated her mate’s banishment from that perfect garden, leaving her helpless, alone, and coveted by the embodiment of evil.
Or the message could have been: drink Kols beer and pretty ladies will have sex with you.  So, pretty much the same message that we have back in the States.
Staring at the map (mostly the map), it certainly seemed like the most logical route was north, like The Mentor had suggested for me.  But… why would I have to do what he’d said?  It was my life; I could change the rules if I wanted to.  Of course, he might have considered that as well… and bad-ass ‘rule-changing’ might be exactly what he’d hoped for.
Having spent some time in the southwestern U.S., I pretty much hated the desert.  
One awful memory in particular that springs to mind when the subject of deserts comes up, involves a buddy of mine who dug mushrooms and peyote a little too much.  On several occasions, he’d convinced me to join him on a trip to the high desert so we could tromp around a bit, while he was blasted and trying to catch lizards.  I didn’t indulge in the mushroom-peyote pizza (hold the pizza) because of my former seriously-need-to-be-in-control issues.  I was just there to make sure my friend didn’t die—because that can really put a damper on just about any buzz you got.
But during those moments, standing in the desert, as my friend pranced about like some sort of furless Wile E. Coyote, even when I was certain which direction that car was, I’d be more nervous every step we took in any direction that led away from it.  
And, the auditory memory, of course, for me is always the most intense-- the sounds of the insects, sometimes, was deafening… as if they were trying to confuse you, get your bearings all messed up.  Then you’d die and they’d have a big buggy snack.
So, no, I didn’t trust the desert much.
Again, checking out the map (mostly the map), it looked like the desert trek would be hundreds of miles.  I might be able to find some bus heading toward Egypt, but if I had to walk the entire way… well… my walkabout prospects didn’t strike me as too good.
I wished that there were just a road with a pole, on top of which a sign with an arrow saying: “Marietta, Georgia, USA. 4700 miles.”
As it often does with my audio memory, voices sometimes just push themselves up from the deep folds of my mind.  I heard my large, Hawaiian friend Allejo talking, remembering what he’d said about “roads.”
“Sometimes they disappear all together.  But, there is always a road.  Sometimes you just have to look harder for it.”
I took a few steps back from the poster and leaned up against the concrete wall.  It was surprisingly cool.  I tried to clear my mind.  Maybe inspiration would lift from the deep, up into my mind; I could just let life around me help dictate my next move.
At first, my ears were filled with only the buzzing of the hungry poo-bees a few inches from my feet.  Then, remarkably, I heard it.  I heard what life was telling me.
Life was telling me that scary, angry men were now shouting about something on the other side of the bathroom door, and it would be best if I once again jumped out the nearby open window because if this were Mike & Ike and co., they would not likely be overly impressed with either of my two phrases of local dialect. 

~~~



Chapter Fifteen

For a few summers when I was a kid, my father took the family to Wisconsin to camp in a rather small camper-trailer at a nice little family-owned campground.  Every now and again, he’d take me fishing.  For the most part, casting a line anywhere in Wisconsin is a fisherman’s wet dream.
Unfortunately, my father was a fish's wet dream (or, at least, one of the better ones) since he'd been the worst angler in the history of fishing.
He’d, on more than one occasion, tried to be “one with nature,” but nature had serious misgivings about the arrangement and gave him the woodsy version of “it’s not you, it’s me” until he finally gave up and lived out his days on asphalt slabs, between concrete walls.
But, years before, he did seem to love fishing.
In truth, I think he just loved that ancient monster of an outboard motor. We didn’t own a boat, but we did possess a boat motor.  To me, that made as much sense to owning suitcases of .38 caliber bullets but had to borrow the gun.
So, Dad would rent the boat and put the oldest outboard motor in the world on the back of it.  He affectionately called the Johnson motor “L.B.J.”, after the former commander-in-chief.  I was convinced this was appropriate because the motor obviously had been slapped together sometime during that man’s presidency.  And, like L.B.J’s handling of that rabble-rouser Kennedy, I was half convinced a suspicious death could very well be in my immediate, young man's future as well.
However, during that first summer, as I sat in the metal boat listening to the pinging of the water striders against its hull, while working on a couple second-degree sunburns at the tops of my thighs... I’d begun to wonder if my father had sought out such a very old motor because, back in the day, there’d been less of those pesky laws and regulations about how fast certain motors were allowed to go.  
Only one time do I remember him twisting the hulking motor’s wee, black handle all the way until it wouldn’t go anymore.  And while I believe we’d briefly rocketed forward fast enough to actually go back in time, technically, because of that particular time-shift, ergo, the event never really happened in the first place.
By the end of the summer, it became clear to my father’s “husky”-sized twelve year old son that I served a singular purpose on that boat.  My job was, as it was explained to me, to sit at the front of the boat and watch for stumps and alligators.  Since we were in the middle of the river most of the time, not so many stumps.  Since we were about two hours away from the Canadian border, not so many gators.  Turns out, my father had been too cheap to rent a boat of appropriate size—one that was large enough to handle L.B.J.  Instead, he’d get the tiniest little, metal rowboat he could find, strap the motor down at the stern, and put the chubby boy at the bow.  My job: I was ballast.
And, finally, as for being a “fishing outing”... I’m not sure if fish talk to each other but if they did, and they saw my fisherman father and his ancient motor coming their way, they’d have only one message for each other: “Do not be afraid.  We are completely safe.”
That entire first summer, we didn’t catch a single fish.
But, looking back now to my days as counter weight, I still remember how beautiful the water looked as dawn spilt its morning mist.  And because olfactory sensations (for everyone else but yours truly) conjure up memories better than any other sensory trigger (CD: "Memory, Our Personal History Book", Brookhaven Audio, 1993), as I lay down next to a greasy marine engine in the bed of a Guinean ’84 Chevy pickup, hidden under a dirty tarp, the smell of the diesel reminded me of Wisconsin sunrises, shiner minnows, and last-minute KFC dinners. 
After jumping from the pub’s window, I looked for the closest place to squirrel myself away.  Sure, the bush was an option but my guess was that the bartender had already said that bwana was in the bathroom and, if they didn’t see my bloody, dirty, chubby butt hunched over one of the poop holes, they’d likely guess I’d headed back into the cover of the bush.
The truck had been idling as the two men in its front seat waited for a herd of skinny goats to pass in front of them.  They appeared pretty focused on hammering away at the horn, while the animals completely ignored them, so I felt confident (and desperate) enough to slip under the oil-stained, blue tarp in the back of their vehicle.
The truck bed was uncomfortable, and the spot I’d crawled into next to the huge diesel engine was covered with thick rope.  Sure, my little rope bed was painful and awkward but, thankfully, the diesel fumes dulled most of my primary senses.
However, on the plus side, no one trying to kill me at the moment.  So, while the amenities earned a dismal one star rating, the no one trying to kill me earned my sparse digs a personal “lodger’s choice” award.
Over the next few hours, loopy from the fuel vapors, I had managed to fall asleep several times, only to be awakened seconds later (or so it felt) by a jostling from the road.  Poking my head out from under the tarp was out of the question, but it seemed that there were some infrastructure issues here in West Africa that had been yet properly addressed.  Along this route, the roads didn’t have potholes.  The potholes had roads.
Finally, I fell into a good stretch of sleep, thanks to the mind-roasting diesel fumes radiating off my blockhead friend.
My dreamless sleep ended the same moment the truck rattled to a stop, and its engine had cut.  A second later, doors slammed, and there were voices on either side of me, both men sounding weary from the long drive as they came to the back of the truck.  Trying to shake the fog from my mind, panic gripped me, and I was not sure what my move should be.  We’d stopped somewhere, and there was no longer any light cutting at the bottom edges of the tarp.  Night time.
I had no idea how long the trip had lasted, but if the pain in my back were any indication, the cluster of rope beneath me had been my bed for three or four hours.  
The two men sounded like they were arguing but not aggressively—more like two coworkers bellyaching.  Other than my two handy phrases, I don’t speak much in the way of Guinean, but it seemed the language being tossed around in the night air was actually French.  
Which, naturally, darkened my mood immediately.  
And… something… a smell in the air.  It was a vaguely familiar odor, but I was having trouble placing it because my bunk mate Mr. Motorhead was oozing out oil and diesel fumes next to me, muddying up the scent.
A spotlight burst to life above me as the tarp was snapped away and standing there under one brilliant, yet excessively tall lamppost, I saw two men who’d planned on checking their cargo, suddenly go very weird about the dirty, white dude in the back of their truck.  Both took a step back but then steadied and inched back toward me.  
Cocking my eyebrows, I cleared my throat and politely asked: “Ou est la toilette dans ce bon etablissement?”
Instantly, their two faces turned to scowls, and as it occurred to them that they were not looking at some armed bandit, and that they had the home field advantage, one of the men barked at the other, this second man racing to the cab of the truck.  I had to act quickly because there was no doubt when the other man returned, he’d have some sort of boom stick with him.  
Standing, the blue tarp draped over my head and shoulders like a monk’s tunic and hood.  I stepped toward the other man, and he snapped the truck lip back into its upright position and barked at me in French.  
I twisted my head toward the cab of the truck and there in the back window there were only the other man’s fingers, whirling behind the glass like a panicked underwater sea urchin.  
Sure enough, he was unlatching a shotgun from the window rack.  
Quick, quick, quick!  
I had to get away.  
Turning back to the other man, I happened to see myself in the driver’s side mirror and, terrified, just blurted out the phrase that had popped into my mind the moment I caught a glimpse of me draped in the dark, burlap tarp.
Passing my fingers through the air between us, I said to the man: “You don’t need to see his identification.”
His face twisted, and yelled again at his friend still fumbling in the truck for the weapon, but his eyes never left me.
Moving closer, I rolled my extended fingers through the air again.  “These aren’t the droids you’re looking for.”
“Quoi?”  He looked up at me, then to his friend, and that was my cue, so I sprung forward, my right foot stepped up onto the truck lip, and my left foot kicked at his head like a soccer ball.  He tried to duck, but I still clipped him, grazing his temple and he went down, falling backwards and clutching his skull.  My momentum launching me forward, I went over and landed onto the road, rolled once and came back up to my feet, running nearly full speed into the night air.  The tarp fluttered then lifted and curved at its edges, then drifted from my body and fell to the road as I sprinted away. 
As darkness swallowed me whole, their voices called after me.  Not taking chase but cursing me like some feral cat that had crawled into their truck and nibbled bits out of their sardine sandwich lunches.  
After running in near total darkness for more than a minute, my feet slapping against the blacktop heavier now, I saw more lights up ahead.  Just off the side of road there were huge boxes, stacked one on top of the other, erecting an uneven fortress wall to my right.
As I drew closer, the wooden crates were precariously stacked, so high up, craning my neck to see them, I got dizzy from a small bout of vertigo.  
Every few yards, there was a gap where the crate wall receded away from the road about ten feet, then another row of wooden boxes.  Between the thick walls of crates there appeared to be a winding path the size of, say, a forklift, so the effect was that of a labyrinth made from some child giant’s wooden blocks.
Jogging a little closer, I passed through the splash of bright light from atop another tall poll and, moments later, could just make out the growl of large vehicles.  The ground shimmied and thin phantasms of sand danced across the black top road, everything shaken by the rumble of massive, wheeled machines-- or giant, likely hungry, prehistoric creatures-- on the other side of the walls.  
Without a second thought, I slipped into the maze of sky boxes, winding down one of the many dark, twisting paths as quick as my feet would manage.  
Finally I came to the end of the trail and tucked back into the shadows.  It was then when the source of that earlier, unidentifiable smell became clear.
Hidden from the road behind stacks upon stacks of wooden crates, I stared out at the splatter of moonlight, drew in a deep breath of salty air and suddenly felt better than I had all day.  Being born a Midwesterner, and more recently landlocked Southerner, there was no reason clear to me why the ocean affects me in this way
The docks at this low tech port were in part wooden planking but mainly slab concrete reinforced by thick, iron rods, which protruded in the high traffic areas— metal spines, burst from cement skin and rusting in the salt air.  
Below me, the dirt and sand had been packed down with concrete block, which made sense—whatever was in the crates stacked halfway to the moon, well, you didn’t want any column to tip and fall.  It reminded me of clips I’d seen from Japanese television shows where uniformed school kids diligently spend a month lining up colorful dominoes and then, cameras flashing, one piece is flicked and all the others fall in succession, colors changing and morphing into weird patterns like Asian butterflies, thatch umbrellas or glaucoma-stricken cartoon animals.  
Out here, one stack of crates tips and it all comes tumbling down.
As a kid, I went to the third grade at a French school.  Seriously.  I’m not getting into it, and if I could afford therapy, maybe I would be over the trauma by now but I’m not and that’s all there is to it.
I’ll just say that there were verbal lashings (which I didn’t understand because it was a foreign fucking language!), a busted thermos and a pee-soaked pair of husky-sized jeans in the mix.  Franco-Dexter relations are not rosy, that’s all, and I’m not getting into it.
So, I know a little French.
Over the sound of varying, grumbling moods of motor boats— six of them, ranging from fifteen feet to what appeared to be about thirty-five feet long— I could hear men shouting en Français.  
The men on the beach were all African, none of which seemed to have the slightest dollop of European to sully their coffee black skin.  There was no use to even consider, say, grabbing something heavy-looking and, whistling whilst I worked, stroll up to a boat and hop on.  If any of these men saw me, there’d be one of two reactions.  Either I’d be shot, or they’d run, panic stricken at the sight of the chubby-grubby ghost.  My money was on the former of the two.
And, there was no way my hidey-hole at the entrance of the crate maze would be very safe much longer.  Whizzing between the boats and the crates were four rough terrain forklifts.  Had I not seen these types of vehicles close up some years ago during a brief stay in Florida, I would have guessed them to be some sort of fortified Jeep.  Each looked as though it was built from iron, with an open cabin, no roof but a high canopy made from steel beams.  If memory served me, they could lift nearly three tons.  These guys meant business.  And sooner or later, one of those big beach-eaters was going to head my way to pull one of the crates I’d seen stacked in a small, short wall on the other side of the road.
I’d come in at the north edge of the uncharted, crude port, most of the activity taking place on sand and concrete (where one ended and the other began was anyone’s guess) up and to my left.  Just south of me, there was a recess in the crate wall—a concession to a small cluster of trees that had avoided destruction.  That seemed like the only choice available to me that would provide at least some cover.  
The sand groping at my bare feet, it wasn’t a very long run, probably fifteen yards, but it felt like an eternity.  I didn’t dare turn to look toward the docks, the machines or the shouts of the men because my pale face would probably glow like a lighthouse in the dark.  
Shuffling along faster as fear gripped my chest and throat, all I wanted, was to be hidden in that burst of trees.  Yet, as I got within a couple yards, forcing myself to take deeper breaths, a most disturbing sensation was making its way down my nose and throat.  But terrified of being captured, I didn’t dare stop and instead dove between skinny trunks.
Thankfully— and these are the moments that even an atheist might wonder what sort of benevolent entity had been watching over them—I didn’t fall and roll or land face first on the horribly rank and sodden ground.  My knees and feet took the brunt of the slop of sewage below me.  
Momentarily wrapping myself in denial, my mind began creeping toward the realization that the Port-o-let salesman had not yet penciled this particular workplace into his long, circuitous route, so it came to be that this lush patch of trees, bush and grass had become the leaning post of many ‘a men.  
And, I'm no one to judge, but these guys needed to back off the dairy a bit.
Moving fast but gingerly deeper into the darkness and away from the more spongy parts, gagging from the smell, I began to wonder if, in fact, these trees had been here originally… or if the sudden collection of moisture and fertilizer had prompted their growth.  There was no way for me to tell how long the slapdash port had been there, but the skinny trees could be no more than a few years old.
Creeping along slowly, my hands found the back wall of the small cavity and moving across its edge, I stopped when the boats were visible again. Taking few chances, I barely inched my head out to scan further down the beach for another place to hide that was, say, less shitty, but then I froze as voices began to come closer.  
In less than a second, my back was pressed against the rear wall again, and I crouched lower to the ground where there was less light, bringing the essence of the make-shift potty closer to my nose.  My stomach began to turn somersaults.  Luckily, I hadn’t eaten in a very long time.  In fact, over the past few minutes I’d been hit with a cold light-headedness, which indicated either my blood sugar was in the cellar or an allergic reaction to the effervescent bouquet of poop perfume.
There were three of them, chattering away as they came up to the tree-potty.  My nerves would have been flailing like kite streamers had it not been for the fact that, now steeped in fermenting sewage, my brain had begun shutting down many of my unnecessary systems.  The focus now was simply not to pass out.
My head down, hands tucked under my armpits, I listened, trying to pick words out.  It’s tough deciphering a foreign language casually spoken between people familiar with each other because they don’t really enunciate their words like a chesty, militant French teacher does.  Oh, to only have Madame Granderson with me right then.  She of the belittling scowl and tight turtleneck sweater.  The feel of her disapproving left breast as she leaned against my wanton shoulder while pointing out my repeated conjugation errors. 
A throaty laugh brought me back to the present crisis.  The three men could have been arguing or reeling off jokes—I couldn’t really tell yet.
The guy on the left, less than fifteen feet from where I was squatting in the dark, was laughing about something.  A couple one-eyed glances told me the other two didn’t look so happy.
The cheerful one was heavy, sweat stains on his shirt like he’d tucked a dark green pillow under each arm.
Closing my eyes, I concentrated on trying to pick out any familiar French words.  I heard either “hair” or “horse”—unable to remember which it was.  Then, “lemon”, I think.  And recherché in French: “searching.”
The tallest, in the middle, pointed at sweaty-fatty, and thankfully enunciated each word, trying to make his point.
I picked out “boat” and “money” and “people” and a number, which seemed like it might be high.  French is a confused and confusing language so when you numerically get to, say, eighty, there is no “eighty,” per se…. instead you say “four-twenty”… so when you get into the very large numbers, what sounds like someone laying into you with a long, nasty admonishment simply turns out to be the current time and temperature.
Whatever, he was going on about… 
Hold on.  A big number of, what?  People with money?  On a boat?
It seemed possible the fat guy was getting ribbed because he had some cushy gig shuttling people from somewhere along the shore to a yacht or cruise ship, maybe anchored a ways out.  So, the other guys are hauling bat guano or something and this smiling dude, he’s hosting Mr. and Mrs. Howell.
While some of the bits were probably wrong, at least some of it had to be right.  And, if nothing else, I had a vague idea of what to do next.
New goal: Follow the jolly mariner and sneak aboard the ship.
Then, when we get to the boat with the money people, I slip over and give them a story about getting robbed in town, left with no money and no ID, I call the American consulate.  
Slightly elated, it sounded like a minimally serviceable plan, albeit one that at any moment would naturally go terribly wrong. 
When the three began to stumble away, relieved, the tall one punching fatty on the shoulder (or possibly wiping his hand), I tried to trace the vector of my guy to see where he was headed.    
Finally, something in my favor: my boat was on the far right—beyond it only dark beach.  That’s where I was going to board.  
Slipping from the darkness of the trees, I darted low and ran as quick as possible through the heavy sand back toward the entrance to the crate maze.  A new and unpleasant squishy sensation between my toes did not slow me as much as it made me nauseous.  
The boat wasn’t the smallest there but far from the largest of about a dozen or so.  It had been moored to a cement platform with cables from its hull strapped to a row of shimmering dock cleats, listing the boat slightly to one side.   The vessel had settled a little lower in the water than the others, and the deck was pretty sparse save a couple of fishing chairs.
There was a captain’s nest, and it looked like below that could be the sort of area where cocktails were occasionally served.
Perfect.
Crossing past my earlier hiding place, I slipped into the near total darkness on the far side of the crates, then spun around, ignoring the slime lubricating my toes.  My breath quickened a little at the sight of how far I would have to run before finally diving into the cover of the ocean water. Easily fifty feet—a long way to go as hungry, thirsty and exhausted as I was.
The earth rumbled around me, and the sand on the concrete looked like water splattering in a greased skillet.  Then—a roar— as one of the camouflage colored, monster forklifts erupted from the crate maze.  Had I been standing at that spot again, there’d be nothing left of me but a red smear.
That’s when I saw the beam of a spotlight coming up behind me.
A second forklift, taking the beach route.
Having just thanked my lucky charms that I hadn’t been in the maze a moment before, I quickly swung around and hid at the mouth of it once more. Again, the ground shook as the vehicle growled, approaching with increasing intensity.
I braced against the inner crate wall, waiting for it to burst across the sand like the other had. 
But, then the whine of a hydraulic lift split the air, the plaintive melody against the rhythmic chords of a diesel engine.  Whatever this guy was picking up, it was just opposite of where I was standing.   
“So, he’d be faced… this way, toward the crates,” I whispered to myself.  This meant there was a chance to get behind the vehicle.  Maybe.
Little time to think it through, I leapt forward, arched around the stack of crates that made up the lip of the maze, caught sight of the huge machine working on a crate with its blazing spotlight focused on work at hand, and rolled across the sand, into the darkness.  
Now out in the wide open for the first time, my body was casting long shadows across the beach, the brilliant moon low in the sky.  In a running crouch, fighting the heavy sand, my freshly lubed toes no great help, I finally made it to the rear of the vehicle.
The back of the driver’s head was just visible above me.  The lift was retracting slowly, coming back down with its crate, and my options were very few at the moment.    
There was no way I could possibly clear fifty feet of beach without being seen.  The only option, then, was to catch a ride with one of the forklifts.  This close now, it wasn’t readily apparent how to do that.  There wasn’t much of an area to grab onto and, seeing how these guys were driving the huge vehicles at top speeds, I’d need something really solid to get a good grip on or risk becoming road kill.
My heart nearly stopped at the sound of the clanking above me and, terrified, I braced for the impact.
But, the vehicle didn’t move.  Wincing, I looked up.   
The driver was trying to light his smoke, but his lighter was shot, so he was banging it on the metal seat beam by his head.  Trying to beat a flame out of it, I suppose.
Looking down from my black-lunged friend, I spotted a metal loop just behind the right tire.  It was probably used for towing but, to me, it looked a lot like a handle.
And, with that thought—and likely because of a lack of water, food, sleep— I bent down and grabbed it with both of my blackened and scabby hands.
I laced my fingers around the loop, instantly beginning to second-guess my rash decision— Wait, this is, isn’t this..?— But that line of thinking cut short as he threw the vehicle into gear, backed up, and I went under the machine.  

~~~



Chapter Sixteen

My chauffeur was an expert, only reversing far enough to allow his payload to clear when he turned.  Still, being dragged underneath a belching, rattling twenty-five thousand pounds across the cold sand was an experience lesser men would have probably… well, they probably would have been bright enough not to do it.
Without even stopping, the machine then jumped forward, and lying there, I watched my hands pass back over me, then my head and chest lifted from the sand as my body was folded into two—
“Aw, hell,” I breathed hollow
—and, at that point, the only way to avoid being snapped in half was to either let go or spread my legs as wide as possible.
Inexplicably, someone in my head decided upon the latter and for the first time in my life, after years and years of occasional and far less aggressive attempts to accomplish this feat, I did the splits.
However, as you might guess, any joy brought about by this accomplishment was mitigated by the wailing pain of my inner thighs and the curious, yet unconfirmed departure of my testicles, possibly having taken refuge somewhere inside the body cavity via my navel.
Seconds later, I was being dragged behind the vehicle, my bloodless fingers clamped onto the metal hook.
We were racing toward the shoreline, the sand biting at my chest and stomach, and the grit and dust filling the air around me to where I couldn’t even breathe.  Even in this tiny, diesel generated sandstorm, I held fast, thankful for the cover of the spray, white-knuckled to the racing machine.
Most people don’t associate sand with pain.  Sand is the sort of thing you lie in next to lapping, frothy waves.  Sand is what children make castles from and occasionally (and, hopefully, just temporarily) bury each other in.  “Sand” even sounds soft. 
Not this stuff.  Every bump felt like some mob heavy was whacking my ribcage with a thick garden hose.
After ten seconds or ten minutes, the driver made a sudden hard bank left and my grip broke, and I twisted and spun like a figure skater leaping high above the ice as my body tumbled across the hard sand, the dizzy-vertigo spell shocked to a halt by the blast of frothy, cold seawater.   
In two feet of ocean, I maneuvered up to my hands and knees, spitting out snot and saltwater while fighting the rip current.  Whatever it was, at that moment, I actually felt truly happy for the first time all day.
“Wow, that actually worked,” I said—realizing that one would liberally have to include ‘getting oneself run over by a small tractor’ in this new definition of ‘worked’— and crawled slowly through the darkness toward the big boat, only my head bobbing across the water.  “No way that shoulda worked.”
Getting closer to the hull of my destination, I tried to pick out if there were any voices above me.  But as I strained to listen, the cacophony of sound coming from the beach, along with the roar of waves around me, this turned out to be an impossible task.  
Bobbing toward the tail of the boat, once my fingers got to the hull it took a little effort to fight the will of the current.  There was nowhere to grab onto, the walls wet and slick, and I was worried about ending up underneath it.  And, having hit my daily quota for being overrun by motorized vehicles, I focused on the alternatives. 
At the stern, there was the ladder I’d hoped for.  My fingers tentatively went up, grabbing the cold, metal rungs.  Slowly, hand over hand I inched up onto the boat.
At the top, I peeked over and saw that my jolly driver was loading a crate onto the deck with the help of three crew members, each of them dressed in dark green overalls, no shirts (I briefly wondered if somewhere in West Africa, the opening act of some low-budget ladies cocktail night had gone missing that very evening).
The crate might be diapers or cocktail weenies, I didn’t know.  What I did know was that everyone seemed focused on the crate so, taking my chance, I snuck aboard and headed for the first set of stairs downward.
The plan was, as soon as we went and picked up the passengers (if I’d worked it out correctly) and they started filing back on, I’d mingle back in and begin weaving my tale of treachery.  
“Robbed?” they would say, mouths agape.
“Yes,” I’d reply, sipping a clear cocktail poured into a short plastic cup and brushing my dirty clothes for effect.  “Took everything.  Well, everything I had on me.”
“Dreadful,” some woman would respond.
“I’m just happy to have my life and my health, my dear friends.”
And they would all nod and we’d get crocked, mulling over this wisdom, bouncing along the whitecaps, heading back to the comforts of the ship.
But standing in the dim light dipping below deck into the lower cabin, these quarters were rather cramped.  How many people could they actually get aboard this hunk of junk?
Boxes were stacked, uneven and sloppy, to the ceiling.  The cheap plastic table in the center of the room, bolted to the floor, was littered with cigarette burns.
“What sort of operation is this?”
One particular breaker shuffled the boat, a “bubbly wave” someone recently had described it to me, and my hand shot out and grabbed the edge of a small cupboard to keep my balance.
That’s when I heard footsteps above me, getting louder, coming my way.
My surroundings didn’t lend themselves to creative ideas about concealment: a battered old fridge, a skinny broom closet, half-open crates, rags scattered across the floor… nowhere great to hide.
There was a small pantry next to the fridge and, voices now accompanying the footsteps above me, my stomach gave those choices two big thumbs up.   Before the first foot hit the stairs above me, I was in the pantry, door closed.  
A pantry!
I turned for a moment and looked at the offerings.  Most of it was unrecognizable.  One item in front of me was familiar and, somewhat reluctantly, I grabbed the can labeled “Spam.”
Peeling back the metal lid, my fingers cut into the fake meat, scooping bits into my mouth (I didn’t remember it ever tasting so good).  I watched as two men from the deck began hauling in armfuls of supplies.
Supplies, in this case, would be a polite word for guns.
Bits of Spam were dribbling off my lip and chin, and I nabbed each salty, oozy morsel, shoveling them into my mouth.
Maybe these guys were just cautious.  These were, possibly, standard security measures for little boats like this in big, scary waters.  At least, if they’d been bringing food on, I would have likely been caught in the pantry and could have ended up with a fist thrown into my greasy Spam-face.
More supplies: grenades, rifles and rocket launchers.  
At that point, I’d decided a punch in the face would have potentially been a more desirable alternative.
By the time I’d half-finished my tasty faux meat, all the little bits were falling into place (not just the ones on the tips of my fingers).
In fact, not too long ago, I’d seen CNN reports on this very thing at the tire store.
Sure, we were going to a cruise ship.  It seemed that part I’d gotten right.
But there weren’t any passengers to shuttle from some island party.  No cocktail weenies.  No clear drinks in plastic cups, no comforting words.
These guys were pirates.   Pirates with rocket launchers.
We were headed to a ship to either rob or ransom it.  A boatful of pirates hopped up on “lemon” “horse” was preparing to rob, kidnap or rob and kill the “money” “people.”  It was so obvious, now.  Except the “lemon horse” bit, which I was pretty sure I’d gotten entirely wrong.
Either way, having escaped African gunmen, then pursued through a sun-scorched village, becoming a stowaway on a truck traveling high-speed down the worst road ever constructed and, essentially, being run over twice by an all-terrain fork lift, I was now going to make it close enough to actually see my salvation but never get to it.
At that point, my militant shipmates would terrorize the ship, maybe even sink it, or the cruise ship was going to whip out some hidden cannon, just under the lifeboats, and splatter our limbs across the top of the ocean.
Too exhausted to be scared anymore, I was just happy, for the moment, to have the Spam.

NAUSEA WAS BECOMING A factor even before stuffing the fourth or fifth handful of maraschino cherries into my mouth.  Not exactly sure how much time had passed, I estimated it would normally take a good fifteen minutes to properly eat four cans of Spam, a jar of pickled tomatoes (could be onions), three candy bars, a packet of dry gravy washed down with a pull-top can of chicken broth and now most the supply of cherries.
A twelve year-old must shop for these guys.  What I wouldn’t have given for a turkey sandwich and a lettuce wedge at that very moment.
Sometimes you have to take the small victories and, as fast as the boat bounced across the sea, I’m proud to have gotten most of the food in my mouth.  The rest of the meal, time permitting, I could eat off my shirt.  
My first thought that didn’t involve food was that the pantry was a very bad place to be for very long.  Surely one of the pirates would want to come down for a can of olives or crackers for the parrot.
Then again, as fast as we were moving, it didn’t seem these were the sort of fellows to pop down for the quick pre-rape-and-pillage finger-foods.
How was I going to get off the pirate gunboat with a breath left in my body?  At least, back on land there were some very horrible options available to me.  Speeding across whitecaps, there was just the one alternative.  But going over the edge, even in a raft, would be suicide, so I eliminated that choice despite the small chance of satisfying my penchant for small, deserted islands and endless days chatting with best-friend volleyballs.  
The ship somewhere ahead of us, it seemed, was still my best option.  Only option.  However, since joining the crew of Captain Blueballs, it seemed getting the cabin with the balcony and ocean view on the next ship was growing less and less likely.
A horn blast nearly stopped my heart!  
Not like a Toyota or even a Trucker Abe’s Freightliner.  And, again, something about it was familiar, but I couldn’t place it.  It seemed those years that had gone quiet in my mind—the blind spot after the accident— were shaking off some sort of dampening material and finding their rhythm, their voice, once again.  I didn’t honestly know if that was a good thing, or if I would regret remembering some of the things I’d heard but lost for the past few years.
The engine wail of our boat dropped an octave, and the craft shifted slightly to stern as it slowed.  It appeared we’d come up close to the target ship, and, another horn blast, the captain or some keen-eyed crew member was sounding the alarm.
Another drop in the boat’s power and for the first time since we’d left the shore, I could hear the sounds of churning water around us.  Poking the pantry door open, a little at a time, I finally stepped back into the galley area.  The dim light swayed above me like a carnival hypnotist’s watch.  What was the next move?  There was no question that the time for taking some control over the next few minutes of my life was short.
A voice, echoing across the water, was amplified by a loudspeaker just above me.  O. Captain, My Captain was barking out angry, hateful words in French.  Which, sure, sounds somewhat redundant but I know a little of the language and, thus, am trained to hear the difference.
The pirates were making their threats and demands.  There were no more than five or six of them aboard, so the number of passengers-cum-kidnap-victims couldn’t be more than a few times larger.   Even with their weapons cache, how many people could a handful of men legitimately hold?  
I sneaked up the metal stairs and peaked out.  Two men stood on opposite sides of the deck, rifles across their backs and pistols in both hands.  Between them, I could just see the top of another man’s head.  Above and behind me, someone was popping their rifle, as the skipper manned the loudspeaker.
In an inexplicably sublime moment of calm, I looked up at the deep night sky, and my breath caught in my chest at the sight of so many stars.  Just beautiful.
A few more steps up, the two gunmen in front of me laser focused forward, it looked possible to slip up and whip around to the back of the boat.  I tried to remember the topside layout, but the constant chatter of threats above me made it difficult to recall anything.  If I were to sneak out, would the man at the wheel see me?  
Another step and the pirate just ahead of me came fully into view.  He stood, bracing himself against what looked like a fifty-caliber gun that had been mounted to the bow of the ship.  Even more curious, I could now see the big, gorgeous boat ahead of us.
It was white, massive, three stories and glittering like a Christmas tree.  As if on cue, the ship’s horn blasted across the water, briefly drowning out the pirate captain.  Finally seeing its source, the faded memory that the ship’s horn had stirred revealed itself to me, crystal clear.  
Back when I’d been recovering from the accident, I spent a lot of time watching TV Land, old cheaply syndicated television.  Six Million Dollar Man, Fantasy Island… and the one about the floating love-nest of the sea:
“Hello, Captain Stubbing,” I said under my breath, climbing up the remaining steps.  “Have Isaac pour us up a couple stiff ones.”
Tiny, red lifeboats lined the deck of the cruise ship like droplets of blood, as if it had been abraded by an enormous garrote, and there was a large, now less festive, certainly, formal party taking place near the ship’s bow.  Small clusters of elegantly dressed men and women had sought refuge on the opposite railing, while smaller groups of men dressed in either white or black looked very busy at the nearer rail.   
Waiting for the right moment, I was given it when a voice came from the cruise ship this time, another loudspeaker.  Must be standard issue on boats out this way.  In seconds, I’d scrambled up on deck and crawled toward the rear of the trawler.
Behind me, the new voice was not French.  It sounded a little Spanish or even something that resembled what Arnold Schwarzenegger might bark out after sucking down half a case of stout.
As this new player prattled back to the pirates his pleas of mercy, threats of counterattack, or details of the dessert cart menu, I crawled father along the deck, finally making it to the back of the pirate gunboat.
Up on the bridge, the captain was back on the microphone, shouting down the other man’s echoing words, trying to regain control of the conversation. 
I crawled behind one of the fishing chairs I’d seen from the water and, of course, they were not chairs at all but, instead, more big, bolted down guns.  One in the front, two in the back: these were the sort of guy’s used to being chased.
From his perch up on the Good Ship Lollypop, it didn’t seem likely that Capt. Stubing-on-the-Loudspeaker had any idea of the firepower that weighted down the tiny boat.
The verbal volley went back and forth for a few moments more, each man’s voice getting louder and more strident in their respective tongues.
Clomp-clomp-clomp 
Someone was running my way, and I scrunched my body into the darkened corner. 
Clomp-clomp-clomp 
Hidden in the shadows, my heart began to thump in rhythm with the man’s footfalls.
For a moment, I tensed, thinking he was coming for me because it sounded as though he were making a beeline to my corner, but instead, the pirate crossed in front of me and, fumbling for a nearby crowbar, quickly pried open a crate and dug inside.
I was happy to not be his intended target.  Not happy, though, that this man came out with two long, gray tubes.  Rocket launchers.  
What did they want?  Money, hostages, an open bar...?
That wasn’t my problem.
My problem was that my ticket home—or at least out of this situation—was right in front of me.  And there was no damn way I could get to it.
Easing out of my corner, I crouched, and peaked over the edge.  Swim?  No way.  Ahead of me, there was a burst of French voices, and then a whoosh as a flame lit up the deck, like the tip of a huge blowtorch sparked to life and doused moments later.  Standing, I watched a rocket arc toward the cruise ship, as the formal party flattened to the deck, their cries scraped across the short span of water.  The missile then looked as if it would sail harmlessly, arching over the top of the boat, but instead took out a spinning microwave antenna, effectively making it mute in further calls for help.    
“No, no, no!” A second voice came from the big ship.  “Você pôde matar-nos!”  
The voice on the loudspeaker from my boat was now shrill and the three at the front of the ship pumped their arms, energized by his furious heightened tones.  Once again, came the clomping of footsteps.  This time, I moved forward into the shadows of a seating area.  In the light above me, again, I saw another tube produced, and then disappear to the front of the boat. 
That crate was like a Denny’s wishing well but instead of having crappy little plastic toys it had an armory tucked inside.  What other treasures did it hold?
After the guy ran back to the front of the boat, to the soundtrack of another fresh verbal assault from this boat, I slinked up to the open crate, cast a glance to the front, and then looked down at the contents.
“Holy cats,” I said.  Rifles, pistols, boxes full of ammunition bigger than Sharpie markers, and big ass military-issue, scary tubes of doom in various sizes.  Surface-to-air missiles, maybe, grenade launchers, water balloons… I didn’t know much about stuff that went boom but these guys were ready for a fight.  A short, very explosive, high-caliber fight.
One of the tapes that Pavan had pulled from the library for me dealt with naval combat in World War II.  Not really nitty-gritty stuff but some basic tactical stuff, how there were two types of wars being fought.  There was the ground assault, supported by aircraft.  And there had been an element of air combat separate from support, sure, but really the “second” war was that on the water, and it was fought in an entirely different way.
Movements were slower but, timed correctly, often it was formation, not firepower, that marked the difference between success and annihilation.  And, if a tank crawling the beach got hit, you take out a handful of men.  A ship gets a direct hit, well; you could sink an entire regiment.
So those old ships were fortified with hulls made of iron, capable of taking a couple blasts before sliding downward.
This big, gorgeous creampuff in front of me?  Down in one shot from the rocket launcher, I guessed.  It didn’t seem likely anything called the Princess of the Sea would be armored for high seas combat.
And the pirate captain was getting more agitated.  
Up ahead, a splash caught my attention, and I saw that one of the lifeboats had been cut away and had fallen to the water below.  Then another.  Someone on the cruise ship was dropping whatever treasure they had in lifeboats to the sea below.
One of the pirates raised a fist in the air, turned back, and smiled wide at the captain.  Gesturing toward the little boats, I guessed he was shouting something about moving forward to grab what had been dropped.  
The captain didn’t appear as eager.  Still, he edged the boat forward very slowly.
A third lifeboat fell and, inching a little into the light, I could see several crew members loading a fourth.  Maybe we’d avoided the ultimate confrontation.  It looked as though the cruise ship was complying with demands.  Maybe there’d be time to cross over to the other ship.  
Another burst of words from the creampuff, which was cut off by the pirate captain.  My French was coming back to me, slowly, and I could hear the Guinean captain say something about time.  Vite, allons! “Move faster,” or something like that.
One of the pirates complained, pointing to the lifeboats slowly drifting away and, again, the captain growled off mic.  This time I heard the word morte among others.  
Admittedly, my French was rusty—nearly rusted shut—and only recently putting my audio recall to the test, it was coming back, but slowly.  Despite that, I instantly remembered the word “morte”: dead.  And, even though confidence in my elementary language studies was low, I was pretty sure, as the hairs on the back of my neck stood erect, that in the collection of words I’d heard meant “dead” was soon going to apply to the big creampuff of steel and cocktail glasses in front of me.
They’d get the crew to drop the all the lifeboats, full of whatever valuables they could find and, I guessed (but felt I was right) that they were going to “kill the ship” after that.
Without lifeboats to save them after rockets had punched holes in their hull, the end result was clear: No witnesses.  No one to describe the attackers or their gunboat.
At the bow of the ship, three stories up, a number of tuxedoed men had walked toward the railing, shouting down at those on my boat.  Porters dressed in white tried to call them but, the pirate captain ignored it.  To him, they were already dead.
How many people on a ship like that?  Five hundred?  A thousand?  
And with the lifeboats now floating treasure chests, these people were going to perish in the waters off the African coast.
Turning my head, I was a little surprised to be standing next to the crate, having apparently taken some steps back toward the darkness. 
I’d moved, but don’t remember doing it.
Then… a growing hollow, like a cold burn, began to fester in the top of my stomach.   
It felt similar to what one might feel the moment before jumping from a bridge with a bungee cord wrapped to their ankles.  Or the second before stepping out the plane door, with only a parachute (and tandem rainbow-diver) strapped to your back.
Now, let’s be clear.
If I had to take the stand in some surprising, spiritual courtroom—with little concern about the truth, the whole truth and nothing but because they’d already know—I couldn’t honestly describe myself as a good, altruistic person.
But there were no apparent connecting dots that could possibly explain why I was about to do what I was about to do.
In truth, I can say—and this is the guy in me, admittedly—I hadn’t really thought about it very much.
I guess it’s a bit like the story you read about the dude in Brooklyn who’s in traction because a group of assholes in the subway were messing with some woman and he found himself—inexplicably—standing up, banging the biggest guy on the shoulder… surprised as much as anyone when these words came out of his mouth, “Back off.” 
I’m not a psychologist.
Nor am I some anthropologist.
Or whatever.
But we, humankind, are a destructive species (did you see The Fifth Element?  That designation almost ended us!).
So how have we—us, all of us—with bombs that would vaporize us a thousand times over made it this far?  
How did that happen?
My best guess—and I can only guess— it’s because one guy was there… and you can credit/blame God or Buddha or evolution or collective viewings of  School House Rock— but in history’s secret ultimate moments, one guy… the last guy you’d ever expect… stepped up into whatever vortex of hell had twisted in front of him and despite all odds, he said:
“Back off.”
Whatever process that is… it probably had something to do with why my right hand was gripping a grenade, the thumb of my left hand wrapped through the pin.
I took one quick glance to the ship, then back at the pirates crawling anxiously around the front of the ship, guns pressed to their shoulders.  From here, I could see the sweaty sheen on the back of the asshole captain’s bald head.  
He turned slightly.  
Back off…
And I pulled away the metal ring and dropped the potato-sized time bomb in the crate full of weapons.
… asshole.
I’m not much of a swimmer.  And I really didn’t know how long it takes for a grenade to explode.  But I leapt off the side of that boat, into the midnight black of the ocean, with everything that my battered thighs and swollen testicles could give me.
But seconds away from splashdown, the silent roar of heat snuck up behind me before I even registered the blast, the shock wave launched me horizontal across the water, sending me flipping end over end until I finally dropped, cracking then breaking the cold, dark window of the sea, while the sky above me became a sheet of flame against the gorgeous, gorgeous night sky. 

~~~



Chapter Seventeen

Titan’s Empress: Ship Captain’s Log for 28 April:
The sum of today’s events will be detailed at an inquiry when we once again reach Lisbon.  However, we’ll stop in Casablanca so that those who are done with sailing for the moment—and I can’t say I would blame them—can get off and find alternate manners of travel.
We’d been warned of the possibility of pirates in the waters off the west coast of the African continent, but there were also reports that the coastal areas were being protected by not only the Americans but a number of AU vessels, as well.
So, it came as a surprise when at 10:42 pm local time we had been sided up by what turned out to be a pirate gunship with approximately five crew members aboard.
Previously, there had been some success using the audio repellent device, a painful burst of sound directed toward assailants, but as these were armed with missiles, it seemed a maneuver like that may simply provoke them.  
Within the first sixty seconds of the evening’s encounter, we’d suffered a hail of gunfire and the radio tower had been destroyed.  
Our attackers were Guinean, French-speaking, but that is not a language neither me nor any of my crew are entirely fluent in.
A passenger offered assistance and helped with translation.  
We were complying to their demands, loading up the lifeboats with valuables, whatever we could get our hands on, tearing anything shiny from the walls of the staterooms and sending the boats adrift in the sea.
But then, something extraordinary happened.  I, myself, am not a very religious man, but I admit here—and possibly only here—that I had begun praying for the safety of not only those in my charge but those who’d joined my crew as passengers on my ship.  I couldn’t help but feel some turn or choice I’d made led us to this encounter.  
Just as we were giving our attackers what they needed, in hopes they’d leave us now that they had a large share of valuables—the ship, our attackers, exploded in a brilliant fireball, like a star in the sky had suddenly slipped from its tether and dropped to the water’s surface.
In an instant, a crew of pirates that I felt could conceivably end the lives of myself and the other 823 aboard were gone.  Vaporized.
I can’t explain how this fortune came to pass.  And I certainly don’t plan on telling the Council that God stepped in and protected those aboard my vessel because of my whimpers for help.
But one moment the pirates were there, arrogantly waving their weapons, and ten seconds later they were not.
The wreckage burned brilliantly for about a quarter of an hour, and I moved the ship about a mile out to avoid it.  It took about two hours to collect the lifeboats we’d dropped, returning the bounty to its rightful places.  
We are now heading toward a dock in the Moroccan city and, once there, a crew of engineers will inspect the vessel for hull breach from the artillery fire we sustained early in the confrontation with the now-dead pirates.
I’m very happy to report that there were zero casualties aside from a number of passengers who’d suffered the mildest of anxiety symptoms, one Belgian gentleman complaining of chest pains.
It is worth noting, however, in the fracas, a passenger who appears to be American, fell overboard and had to be rescued by my crew.  For sure, a fall off any of our decks would be traumatic, from that height… but his injures, I would say, were rather… comprehensive.  
His hands, while cleaned by the ocean waters, they were cut along the palm.  And the back of his wrists were burnt rather bad.  This latter, I suppose, could have been a result of the exploding pirate ship, some fuel on the water, but I can’t be sure.
The oddest part—however, it may be no odder than the entire evening— is that this passenger could not tell us who he was, explaining to my crew that he’d had some sort of head trauma and couldn’t remember his own name.
The registered American passengers aboard—all 27 of them—are being interviewed to see if they are familiar with this guest, so we could find a name and return him to friend or family.  But, so far, those efforts have proven fruitless.
On a lighter note, in the past several hours the American has proven to be a favorite of the crew, finding him most amusing.  He can’t remember his name but seems to have no trouble remembering a variety of rather off-color anecdotes and jokes.
We would like to determine who this man is so that we might return him to his home or friends, so that we know he is safe.  
Also, a name would be helpful because he’s begun to run a tab up at the bar that is, frankly, one that I don’t want to see go unpaid. 

~~~



Chapter Eighteen

I’d been on deck, staring at the horizon when the city of Casablanca began to ease out of the water.  A large part of me was desperate to get back onto dry land and one more step back home.  Another part of me, also quite large (as previously noted: I’m a rather large, at least at the midsection, so thus am made up of other large, worrisome bits), was frantically trying to gel some sort of plan to get off the boat and not get turned over to local authorities.
As the image of the skyline asserted itself; my mind began to simmer with the words from a Cobb Country, Georgia library tape I’d listened to detailing religious architecture.  Some part of me saddened, missing my former ear bud buddy, although this part was a somewhat smaller part than the two aforementioned large parts, so it doesn’t really warrant thorough examination.
Then from my vantage point, leaning against the rail as others were hustling around me preparing for the long-awaited docking, I could see the world’s tallest minaret sprout and ripen just beyond the shoreline.  The mosque and its courtyard could hold about a hundred thousand worshippers, and its completion had been timed for the Moroccan king’s sixtieth birthday.  
Good to know.  
I’m not terribly familiar with the world’s religions, but, whereas in Western culture (at least Western consumer culture) a celebratory gift for a sixtieth anniversary is diamonds, rather expensive, it appears, in at least one Eastern tradition, that anniversary’s gift is a collection of granite and marble fashioned into the shape of a giant house of worship capable of housing the residents of a small city.  Though, my guess, the rest of us working stiffs will likely stick with the eCard (something with a funny, obnoxious animation deploring how, with age, the former soft things have become rigid or hard and the former hard things, soft and unpopular). 
It had been near a full-day of keeping up the bump-on-the-head guy routine, and the captain seemed to be getting a little wary of it.  I was invited to sit at his table earlier that morning for breakfast, and he hammered me with questions about anything I could remember.
Made for a very uncomfortable breakfast.  Had it not been for the seriously excellent strawberry waffles it would have been a total loss.
As we eased into port, a little man in a white jacket asked me to follow him as the rest of my seafaring journey would be embarked upon while inside my small cabin.  I didn’t entirely mind: the previous night’s the bath I’d taken, drained, and taken again was the best thing to happen to me in recent memory.  
As I fumbled around the small suite the following morning, Morocco growing larger in my port window, my mind fell back to the task of finding a way off the ship that did not involve restraints.  
It was explained this way: the crew would wait until all the other passengers had disembarked—whose ever bag was left, that would be me.  Identity solved, they’d call my family.
This was not explained to me but I’d inferred: When they realized I was not on the boat when it had originally departed they’d call Interpol.
So, I had about an hour or two to get away.
The young, drunk couple from across the hall burst into the hallway, arguing ferociously, again, and once the squabbling began to dim as they left the ship, I hopped into their room and dialed their cabin’s phone.
Pavan peppered me with frantic questions, which, for the time being, went unanswered.  
“Couple hundred years ago,” I said instead, taking in the view of the approaching city, “This was a pirates’ port.  Not officially, mind you.  They didn’t put it in the Chamber of Commerce literature, I’m guessing.  But pirates would send raiding parties out from here.  Home base.”
“And it’s where Bogart had a bar,” Pavan added in his worldly knowledge to the conversation.  “That’s pretty cool, too.  You should find it.  They probably like Americans there.”
The port reminded in some ways of the Port of Los Angeles.  Clean, efficient.  I wondered if there was a man, like my eighteen-wheelin’ friend Abe, who was out there going through his driving ritual as he headed deeper into the continent, hauling a load of camel pelts and black tar heroin.
Sometimes when working through a problem, I vocalize everything.  For one, of course, it helps me remember my own thoughts much better.  For two, it’s like a doctor plodding through a differential diagnosis.  The catch, I suppose, is that I’m not a doctor.  And don’t have a degree.  And not necessarily very good at working a differential.
 I said to Pavan, still on my pirate differential: “The Portuguese, neighbors to the north, they weren’t big fans of the high seas hijinks, so they thrashed the city.  Built a military fortress and named it ‘white house.’  It’s still Casablanca today.”
“That on one of the tapes I gave you?”
“Nah, I actually knew that one before.  Read it in Reader’s Digest at the free clinic a couple years back.”
“Dexter… dude, you’re in Casablanca.  That’s kinda fucked up.”
“Well said, learn-ed sir.”
“So whaddya going to do?  This guy’s gonna kill you if this keeps up, man.”
He was right, of course.  I’d used a small withdrawal for the van, but it was time to take advantage of my meager resources.
 “Time to tap into the savings account.  I’ll have to slip the boat and make my way over to the American consulate here because my new scary friend didn’t pack a passport for me.”
“He is not a nice guy, this we know.”
“But, when I get home, if you don’t mind being Kato for a little while longer—“
“Yes!”
“—we’re going to take a trip to Nashville and talk to some folks.”
“Who?”

THE THIRTY-SIX HOURS of connecting flights home gave me plenty of time to think.
Regardless of whether I’d taken the path he’d laid out for me or another, the Mentor was going to be looking for me after my return home.  The little excursions he’d been planning for me were getting increasingly dangerous, so who knew what was in store for me next.  Maybe next time, my morning would consist of sunbathing nude on the launch pad during a shuttle lift-off.  Or I might be slathered in barbeque sauce and tossed in a lion’s den.  The only thing for certain—this wasn’t going to be over until he decided it was over.  
Before getting back to Georgia, I’d spent another day at the American consulate in Casablanca.  First, my mind raced with the various stories I could concoct to bluff my way back home but, ultimately, it crossed my mind that getting busted with some bullshit story in a foreign country with no I.D. and no record of my flight to Casablanca... I told them the truth.
“You told them about him?” Pavan asked.
“No, I left that part out.”
“Wha... what part did you leave in, then?”
“That I went to sleep at Doc’s and woke up on another continent, tied up and being held, it seemed for ransom,” I said.  “If I’d said anything about The Mentor, suddenly there’s a huge kidnapping investigation, and I’m going through mug shot books for the rest of my natural life.”
We grabbed a couple of beers out of his dad’s fridge and put them into a green knapsack, a remnant of Pavan’s high school days.  I knew where my head would meet the pillow that night but didn’t discuss it with Pavan yet.  
“They called up Doc and talked to him and, hell you know how crazed that dude is, but he confirmed my story and anything beyond that, they brushed off to him sounding like a total loon.  A quick check to see if anyone fitting my description had committed any crimes locally, I satisfied my tab on the ship with a draw out of my savings and they put together some temporary I.D. for me.  Took a flight home.”
Pavan had grabbed me at the airport only an hour earlier, but I had no interest in sticking around where The Mentor might be scoping out.
“Anything weird going on at work?  Anyone poking around?”
“Huh?  The theater?  Nah, not really.  Anthony’s got your job, but he’s not a drinker so it isn’t the same.”
“Maybe you and I need a change of venue,” I said, zipping up the sack and heading out of the kitchen.
“I’m up for a change.  I’m thinking you should probably put this Mentor thing to bed before, you know, you and me decide on any sort of vocational adjustments.”
I stopped and slowly turned.  “Dude.  ‘Vocational adjustments.’  What was that?”
Smiling, he said: “The CDs you gave back to me, I’ve been listening.”  His teeth pressed out of his grin.  “I think I’m getting smarter.”
“Then why do you still have staples in your hair?”
He shook his head violently, and I walked to the door.
“Can’t get the bastards out,” he said, trailing behind me.  “I was thinking about getting one of those Wile E. Coyote magnets.  You know, get the little metal pieces out.”
Pulling the door and stepping into the muggy night air, I breathed it in and looked at my hands.  They still hurt, but I was beginning to find ways to control the pain a little.  No reason to get all doped up on painkillers.  Unless they were grain-based painkillers.
“Like a giant Acme magnet?”
“Yeah.”  Once out of his pocket, his car keys jingled like a Christmas department store bell ringer.
I said, “Never really seemed to work out so well for the Coyote.”
“Yeah,” he said opening his door.  “That was why I didn’t go that way.” 

BEFORE MY FRIEND PICKED me up, I’d pressed a couple dollars in quarters into an airport Internet kiosk and checked my email account.  There’d been a good response to the ad I’d placed while at Smokey’s, and a couple calls later, I had a place to stay.  For a little while. 
The Mentor was going to come at me, that was a certainty, but this time I’d welcome the visit because this time all this screwing with my life, that was over.  But, I was still flying blind and needed to see what there was to know about my enemy.
That would take time and that necessitated a poor man’s safe house.  
We stopped by Doc Drake’s place, pulled Pavan’s car into the Quiet Room and checked it for tracking devices.  Again, there was just the faint signal, but traversing the car; the signal didn’t fluctuate in such a way we could find the device.  Under the chassis, in the truck, under the hood, the seats… nothing.  
The Mentor had tracked me to Doc’s garage and a repeat of that was out of the question. We’d have to get any sort of tracking device out of Pavan’s car or face the same problem—he could hit anytime he wanted.
“That’s so weird,” Doc said, rubbing his bald head with both hands.
I asked where the nearest corner store was—we were low on beer— and left the two of them in the Quiet Room.  
A few days earlier, before my recent forced trip abroad, I’d come up with an idea to get free lodging, while even make a couple bucks on the side.  
I’d been thinking about my sister who, for a young fiery girl, was always looking to make a buck.  Of her many little entrepreneurial ventures, one stuck for a while.  The doting older brother, I’d helped her out—and ended up with a couple real life references— and decided there might be a shot, all these years later, for using that odd resume to find a hidey-hole.
Checking the email account at the airport, I’d gotten lucky: a desperate couple had an emergency.  Perfect.
Hopefully, there’d be enough of a continued response that I could string together jobs—
“Dex!”  Pavan was running toward me, his hair flapping wildly as he climbed the short hill from the room below.  “Come back, we found it.”
“Cool,” I said, and felt better.  “Can you get it out?”
Pavan grabbed my arm and excitedly tugged me back down the hill toward Doc’s Quiet Room.  “I hope so.  We lost the signal less than a minute ago, so we both kinda realized, you know, where it is.”
“How did—?”  I stopped and caught the smile on his lips.  “No way.”
“Sure, yeah, makes sense,” he said.  
Doc popped his head out, his eyes too wild for my comfort at that moment.  When I got to him, I stopped.
“Inside me?” 
Doc nodded and pulled out a small, silver Exacto knife.

TIFFANY MADE A GREAT dinner for the four of us.  She was studying Egyptology, so concocted a dinner fit for a king—rather, a pharaoh in this case it would seem.  I’m not sure what it was, and the only thing I recognized was the chopped olives in the mix and the bread I was scooping it onto, but it was great to have another home cooked meal.
She was a very talented host.  Not just because my wine glass was never empty but because she was, once again, totally naked.  And not blue anymore.
When she finally left the room for a moment, I whispered to Doc: “Pink?  She’s pink, man!”
“Nope,” Manic rubbed his bald head.  “Salmon, she tells me.”
“Salmon?”
“Yeah.  I thought it was pink, too, at first.”
“Isn’t Salmon a type of pink,” Pavan said.  Admirably, he’d been keeping his eyes on his plate or at Doc and me.  He was a nutty bastard but pretty respectful.  One of the many things I like about him.
Doc shrugged, “Type of fish, isn’t it?”
“Yep,” I said.  “Pink fish.”
“Not according to my lady.”
“Bummer, man.”
It hadn’t taken the Mad Surgeons, Pavan and Doc, long to find where the tracker was in my body.  Doc seemed most excited about lining up a small mound of tablets, pain-killers of every shape and size, a barbiturate buffet to prep me for a little slice and dice just below my right butt cheek.
Call me crazy, but with those two behind my naked ass armed with a pen knife, I wanted to be as sober as possible. The wire came out, about as long as my hand and once Doc had smashed, burned, boiled, sliced, crushed, melted and sunk it into a paint bucket filled with concrete-- “we have to be sure, Dex!  Gotta stop the signals, man!”-- there were no signals coming from the room.
I’d have to investigate later but, cobbling together the growing collection of memories of my college years that were coming back to me, it seemed possible that the tracker was getting its power from electromagnetic fields outside my body.
We let the world tend to itself for an hour while Doc showed us some of his newest paintings—he’s talented and it’s not hard to lose yourself entirely in the alternate universe he’s peeled from the inside of his skull and slapped onto canvas.  
A few hours later, as I stared out the car window, my mind was trying to sift out any big pieces in life’s sandbox to get an idea of what was happening to me.  Pavan interrupted my thoughts:  “You okay?”
My Kato was driving, the road very dark, and the hum of the engine was beginning to make me sleepy.  I said, “My ass hurts a little.  I had this weird thing in it, come to find out.”
“Was it your head?”
I shot him a look and he laughed so hard I thought he was going to wreck the car.  But, maybe he was right.  
“Yeah, okay,” I said and laughed along with him.
Tired and a little wine buzzed from dinner and post-dinner bottles, I was slumped in the crook between the door and edge of my seat.  Pulling my shoulder blades together, getting a satisfying spinal crunch, I’d drifted in and out of sleep over the next half hour.
Pavan banged my shoulder when we’d pulled into the upscale Buckhead neighborhood.  I’d only given him the cross streets, not much more.  The plan was to get out of his car a couple blocks away from my destination, just in case we’d been followed.  That may be paranoid, but I had all the reason in the world to be paranoid.
Pavan continued pressing me for where I was going.  Finally, I said: “I sorta got a job.”
“What?  No way.  You didn’t tell me this.”  He looked around the posh neighborhood.  “You a gardener now?  I could help!”
“Well, you’re Mexican,” I said.  “You’d know about that sort of thing.”
“El Sal-vah-dor,” he said, enunciating each syllable, like he does every time I comment on his heritage. “But, I can edge like a motherfucker, man.” he said.  “And I know exactly where to get a lawnmower.  Uncle Rolo’s got one.”
“Isn’t that the one he was pissed at your Dad about?  An innocent phone got slathered with butt grease on it, right?”
“Yeah,” he said, and I pointed to a gas station that had been crammed into a lot without any regard for parking customers.  “I’m gonna have to stay away from the phone for a long while.”
“Pull in here.”  There was, at best, room for four cars—the only car there at the moment, seemed to belong to whoever was behind the counter.  “I’m getting out.”
“You’re bunking here?”
“No,” I said.  “A couple streets down.  Just don’t want to take any chances, you know.”
Pavan flicked his lights off and by the glow of the street lamps, stared at the homes on the next street.  Easily, nothing in front of us was any cheaper than seven figures.
“You got some rich uncle I didn’t know about?  Or did you use that savings dough you got to buy a new home here?”
“Nope.”
“You gonna give me a number or something where I can get a hold of you?”
“Sure, tomorrow,” I said, getting out of the car.  
“Okay,” he said, as if making a mental note.  “You gonna tell me what you’re doing out here?”
“Not yet,” I said and smiled, closed the door.  “As soon as I can, you’ll be the first to know.”
Walking away, I thought: I hope you’ll be the first to know.

I LEARNED A COUPLE years back, the hard way, that you probably don’t know a guy well enough to bash him unless you’ve walked a mile in his shoes.  Like a friend used to say about that notion: then, if you decided you were going to tear into the guy, at the very least, you’d be a mile away and have his shoes.  
With that in mind, I tried to get into The Mentor’s head.  
Did he rent that plane to Hawaii?  Did he rent another that got me dropped into Guinea?  Why would he even have underworld connections in Africa?  Did he work for the company on the flight manifest I’d seen at the Honolulu airport, Solomon-Bluth?
And, top of the list, why was he doing this to me?
The first thing I’d done after landing at Hartsfield-Jackson airport was to check my email and secure a part-time gig, off the grid a bit.  After a few clicks, I scribbled an address onto a napkin from the airport bar.  The first hit didn’t work out but the second was perfect timing.  I needed a place to stay today, and the client of my new venture needed someone right away.
Finally arriving at the house, I gingerly slipped on a pair of thin, black gloves that Pavan had scrounged up for me.  My hands and wrists had been treated back in Morocco, but they were still a bit gruesome from my run in with the Sterno.  And the volcano.  
The bell rang beneath my finger and a moment later a striking woman in her fifties stood before me, looking a little perplexed by the young man at her door.
“I’m Dexter Daisy,” I said.  “I spoke with you on the phone a few hours ago.”
She smiled.  “Yes, I remember,” she said and called out behind her.  “David!  The pet sitter is here.” 

~~~



Chapter Nineteen

The web ad I’d placed explained my top-notch pet and house sitting skills: schooled in taking top care of flora and fauna, whatever was required of me.
Among others, the Dvoraks had likely called Laura as a reference—I’d given her the heads up to say wonderful things about me and she said she would only after I promised these people weren’t about to be robbed blind. That kinda hurt.  But, still, she thought I was some gambling junkie, so it’s hard to blame her.
“We can’t leave the babies at a kennel; certainly, you never know what they’ll bring home from those dreadful places.  And the woman who usually sits when we’re out died unexpectedly last week.”
“Unexpectedly?”
“Old age.  She was eighty-four, I’m told.”
“I’m sorry to hear that.”
“Well, luckily, we found you,” she said and smiled flatly.
My new employer walked through the enormous house as a museum tour guide might ten minutes before closing.  The home was beautiful, expensive and spotless.  Just like the woman of the house.
“Ruggles and Muggles get one cup of the hair-ball formula dry food in the morning and then one before bed,” Mrs. Dvorak said.  Because I didn’t want to make any mistakes that would hamper any future chances of getting lodging in this way, I listened closely.  Because I’m male and, thus, simple and juvenile, I couldn’t help trying to imagine what she might look like naked.   “Toby isn’t allowed in the house…”
“You don’t let your dog in the house?”
“No, never,” she said, her eyes fixed on me.  “There’s a bag of dog food in the garage—on the far side—and he eats from there.  Just fill his water bowl every morning.”
I looked around the home (trying very hard not to look like I was looking around), and was only mildly impressed.  Some of the most expensive stuff in the world is pretty ugly, it seems.  Although, the television that took up a third of one of the walls in the “home theater” was kinda nice.  
“And don’t look Toby directly in the eye.”
“What happens if I look Toby the dog in the eye?”
“That would be a… challenge, as I understand it.  It very likely could lead to some sort of territorial affirmation.”
“That means it could bite me, right?”
“Yes, for starters,” she said and looked down at a sheet of paper that held my instructions.  “The cats are indoor cats, but I scoop the box every night.”
“Box?”
She stared at me, eyes probing my face.
“Yes,” she said, studying me.  “Litter box, you know?”
“Oh, yes,” I said, nodding vigorously, “It’s, um, my previous clients, they were… you know, European, and they, um, had the animals trained to go in the flower bed.”
“Oh?”
“Yes, dual purpose, it seems.”
“I see,” the lady of the house said, measuring me up.  “We don’t have them trained that way.  Stick with the box.”
With the straightest face possible, I said: “Ma’am, those are words I live by.”
Slowly, she looked at me and then a small smile crept to her lips.

SO, THE FIRST ANSWER is, no, “the Pet Whisperer,” I ain’t.   
As a kid, we never had a dog because my parents were too busy to take care of it.  A dog couldn’t have been my responsibility because, when it’s something that doesn’t interest me, I have a tendency to put it out of mind. That mentality seems to clash with a dependent, living creature’s mortality.
Cats, we had two.  Not in succession, but two together.  The first was pawned off on us because a neighbor was moving to Germany for a couple years.  I guess they don’t allow cats.
But, Abigail, as the cat was named (horrible name for a cat), hid under the sofa for a week and anytime we tried to give it food it would swipe at us with diamond-tipped claws, so by the third day we got pretty good at bouncing its food off the linoleum floor, hopefully landing near Abigail in her dark, furniture cave.
My tender-hearted mother thought her newest, furriest child was in need of a play pal, so she popped over to the animal shelter to find the most lovable, friendly cat she could find.  The papers said that Mr. Timshun (second dumbest name for a cat, after Abigail) was “fixed.”  But, from behind, it looked as though someone had jammed “double-stuffed” cotton swabs into the gap of its legs, so we had a sneaking suspicion Mr. Timshun was looking for a Mrs. T.
Playing hard to get (or totally terrified), Abigail stayed under the couch for nearly three months, attempting to cope with two very different fears of the outside world: big scary people who ricocheted food off the floor at it, and, if the poor thing tried to make it to the litter box, that she’d endure a frenetic feline mounting before she completely cleared the couch.
So, in the end, we were left with a smelly couch and a horny, white tabby that would tear from one end of the house to the other at full speeds, usually when we were trying to sleep.
And, not to delve too personally into it, but as a kid trying to get a, uh, grip on puberty I caught Mr. Timshun watching me.  More than once.  Not cool.
The first time I snuck a girl into the house, and began to cast my teenage spell of love upon her in my bed (with Superman sheets and curtains, still, sadly)… when it was all over, a few minutes later, there was Mr. Timshun curled up at the end of the bed.
So, while I like cats, I do get the impression they’re sorta like some creepy neighbor or uncle the family doesn’t like to talk about.  
Ruggles and Muggles were Burmese.  I learned a little about cats when plugged into the Cobb County audiotape library, but those were mostly lions, tigers and pumas… that sort of thing.  I didn’t see the necessity to learn about, well, kitties.
After the Dvoraks, Cindy and David, left that night, I perused the list of instructions.  They’d be gone ten days and, for the time being, that gave me a chance to catch my breath.  Thankfully, the couple never commented on my gloves, possibly dismissing it as some parcel of an eccentric nature on my part—the professional pet sitter.  
Snooping a little around the house, I did discover they’d not only called Laura but had run me through a background check, both criminal and financial.  As I looked around the home, I wondered which of those two mattered most to them and settled on the latter.
One of the neighbors would come by, each day, the first couple days to make sure things were all right (read: make sure I didn’t steal all their crap), so I had to at least keep the place up a little.
I put Pavan’s knapsack in the guest room, which was a sort of loft tucked into a third floor that was half the size of the other floors.  From the window, there was a beautiful view of city skyline: various styles of buildings with spires climbing higher to the sky than the previously built structure, as if some bizarre, multi-million dollar phallic brandishing contest had taken place above the city of Atlanta.
The Dvoraks were cultured, it seemed, which means they didn’t have beer.  They had a liquor cabinet and said I was free to imbibe after the pets had gotten settled (although “not carelessly,” which to me, seemed at cross-purpose), but both brown and clear liquor makes Evil Dex come out.  Not for me.
I walked the four blocks back to the gas station to pick up some beer.  And by the time I arrived back at Casa de Dvorak with my six-pack, I was already three short.  And breathing a little heavy.
“I really gotta get into shape,” I said to Ruggles or Muggles and locked the door behind me.  Both grabbed a leg and wound in and out like serpents, wooing me into some sort of hypnotic compliance for some task they weren’t prepared to reveal to me just yet.
Settling into a room just off the foyer, the “parlor” according to the lady of the house, I drank in the quiet, the darkness and a fourth beer. 
It was a relief to think that upon waking there wouldn’t be someone sitting on my dresser in the middle of the night.  Even so, I couldn’t just leave the matter behind.  
My plan was that in the next day or two, I’d check out the charity that had foot the bill for the rent-a-jet flight down to Honolulu: Solomon-Bluth.  There would be a regional office for a company that big and a visit was in my near future.
After my fifth beer, the home theater seemed like a good place to fall asleep for the night.  Delightfully, the very large television offered up an old episode of Wonder Woman, which I love, because of a long running fantasy about Linda Carter tying me up with that golden lasso, and the truth she learned was basically all the things I wanted to do aboard the invisible jet because, and how, that high up in the jet stream, our lovemaking would not be restrained by petty and shortsighted state indecency laws.
Which made me think of Laura.  Not because she has a lasso or bullet reflecting bracelets but because I hadn’t talked with her since the night she clubbed me on the noggin.  
I’d lied to her, for sure.  If forced to explain it, I would likely play it off as keeping her in the dark for her own safety.  To be honest, she and I weren’t very good for each other.  She’d made it clear on a number of occasions that she continued to see other guys and that should have probably bothered me far more than it did.  
Laura saw me as a lazy, drunken (and now out of work) movie theater usher.  She’d had very low expectations of me, and met each with abandon.  
But, I was leaving that person behind.  And that was the person who had liked Laura and Laura, in some small way, had liked.
The kitties had taken to me like ants to an apple core and where I walked, they were always there swirling around my feet.  Well, “taken to me” is probably a polite way of saying the odor wafting from my three day-old socks was probably like feline single malt whiskey.
After twenty minutes, my T.V. Amazon super lady was replaced by a man armed with a juicer, a studio audience and an obvious cocaine addiction, I began to drift toward sleep.  Yet, my eyes would pop open every few moments, scanning the room.  I was certain there wouldn’t be a midnight gargoyle to awaken me but, still, my mind was on Defcon 4 in fear of imminent attack.
One of the cats jumped up onto the couch where I was sleeping, did a little soft shoe number searching out the spongiest material available, and then fell asleep in a matter of seconds on my stomach.  
Watching the kitty cast a sail for sleepy town so fast, I took this as a cue—albeit completely without merit—that all was safe.
When the next morning came, the idea of leaving the house to do anything faded completely.  I’d been on edge for a couple weeks now—and put through a physical exertion I’d never imagined was possible for me.  The next twenty-four, then, were merely sleeping, feeding animals and watching television.  
On the second morning at the house, I’d been awoken by the phone and given Cindy Dvorak, the missus of the manor, the rundown on her pets and plants.
Ah.  The plants.  
Missed that the first time.  
Immediately, after hanging up, I went around the house with the largest cooking pot available filled to the rim with water. The last time plants anywhere had been doused so thoroughly, an old guy stealing glances at the sky had been running around collecting pairs of animals, two by two, for his big, wooden boat.
The old woman from across the street, who asked me to call her “Miss Wanda,” had come over twice already, each time in the early afternoon after walking her dog Bear, a pug that had been stricken with, she explained, terrible allergies and, only moments following this revelation, I witnessed the dog’s sneezing fit, which looked like the final, terrifying moments of some brutal, third-world exorcism.
She only stepped into the foyer during these visits because Bear “didn’t like going in and out of the air-conditioning,” which was fine with me because I hadn’t found the lesser towels yet and didn’t need dog boogers to clean up after.
As for the “dog of the house”, Toby split its lurking time between the garage and the backyard.  I only heard it bark one time and that was to tell me the water dish was empty.  Filling a pitcher, I went to the far end of a three car garage with no cars and replenished its water dish (which was so large, if turned toward the southern sky, I was convinced you could pick up Korean pay satellite television with it).  Remembering one of the few instructions imparted to me about the huge animal, I didn’t look into the big, brownish beast’s eyes or possibly face the same fate my childhood cat Abigail was leery of from the amorous Mr. Timshun. 
Twice, I’d called Pavan and both times he’d begged to come out, but if the Mentor was out looking for me, he might be watching my friend.  Whereas that didn’t make me feel great, at least the crazy fuck wouldn’t do anything to Pavan because, now the tracker was out of my butt cheek, that could jeopardize one of the few chances to find to me.
Pavan’s CD player had been lost during my last abduction, and I actually missed the constant murmuring in my ear.  Once it seemed like a good time to head into the daylight, purchasing another would get me through the remainder of the library discs.
One of the library’s audio offerings had been the Art of War.  The author wrote, “the clever combatant imposes his will on the enemy, but does not allow the enemy’s will to be imposed on him.”  That had been my problem with the Mentor—he was imposing his will upon me, controlling my moves.  Guinea had been the first time I changed the rules and took a path of my choosing.  Now it was just a matter of picking up that pace.
On the third day, after feeding the cats, I’d plopped down onto the couch, when something caught my attention, and my pulse began to thump in my neck.  Did I get a sudden waft of paranoia or had there been something that broke me from my concentration?
The house was mostly dark and at that point I considered going around and turning every light on.  The one thing that came to mind is that if The Mentor had come to this home, Toby the dog-bear would be going nuts.
Unless he couldn’t…
At the door, I went up on tiptoes to look through the peephole.  Dark.  Flipping the light on, there wasn’t much more to see: just a fish-eye shaped dark wrapped in a dirty halo of light.  
Pushing the door open slowly, I passed quickly under the light then walked around the side of the house, toward the garage, and the moment I rounded the corner nearly jumped out of my skin.  Behind the eight-foot fence, Toby barked, and then settled into a constant growl.  The reflective glow of one of his eyes was glimmering from a crack halfway up the door.
“Nice doggy.  It’s your water boy, remember me?”  Then his growling pitched up a little and the fence shook.  Oh yeah.  I broke eye contact and backed away slowly, easing toward the front door. 
Dashing past the spotlight above the door, I jumped into the dark of the parlor room and listened to the house for a moment.  Nothing.  Stepping out slowly, there was a queer sensation around my feet.   
“Oh, damn.  Hey Muggles.  Hey Ruggles,” I whispered as they playfully slithered around my ankles, then traded sides and kept swirling.  Glancing at all the dark corners of the room, still jumpy, I sprinted to the kitchen and filled their food bowl to the top, and put down an additional bowl of water.
Toby barked.
I didn’t like the sound of that.  Sure, it was a terrifying sound on its own.  But, I wasn’t entirely sure why it had done that.  Did the dog’s water dish need refilling, too, already?
I twisted the spigot at the kitchen sink and put an empty milk container under the tap, then left my kitten-slippers to their food and sprinted through the house to the garage.  Slowly, I opened the door, slinked my hand out, and clicked on the light.
In the corner, I could just barely see an outline of a… thing.  A presence.  But, this creature only wanted water… or if the eye contact thing had riled him up, maybe a little more.  My hope was it was just about water.
At the far end of the garage, I filled the big silver bowl up, which took forever because of the little spout on the gallon milk jug.  As the final few drops gurgled into the dish, I flinched as something cold hit the back of my hand. 
The giant head of Toby the dog was just below my fingers after it had apparently poked me with a wet nose.  Tentatively, I stroked his big, oil black head and after a couple seconds, it broke away and drank the water.  Huge and terrifying, it seemed the creature could also dole out small doses of affection on occasion.
But I knew to be careful.
I came back in from the garage, left the door as a crack so I could hear the giant beastie if it needed anything.
Back inside, I flipped the lights on but the very act confused me.  How long had I been in the garage?  Since before it had turned dark?  
Breathing out the entire contents of my lungs, another deep breath in, a strange calm was coming over me, in waves.  
The moment my butt hit the couch, I was attacked.
Rummels (unable to tell them apart, in my head I began to just combine their names) jumped up next to the sleeping Rummels, pressed its back against its twin and began to press its feet into my belly, making biscuits.  Then, it jammed its head into the gap on the other side of my body.  
A couple millennia ago, cats had protected the Egyptian royal family.  Guard cats.  Maybe they’d devolved from there into the aloof, furry meatballs rolling around homes of today, but who would want a cat as a guard dog anyhow?
A moment later, Rummels' head popped up.  So did Rummels'.
An electric current whipped through me, from forehead to sphincter.  Something had spooked the cats.  I cocked my head a little, gave the dark corner a look and saw someone standing there.
No, no.  Tired, eyes filling in scary gaps where there were none.
Then the non-someone shifted, a quick staccato move, as if he/she/it was trying to decide which way to bolt.
"Who--"
"Dexter."  A woman's voice.  But not kind.  Deep and almost seething.  I wondered, briefly, if it was someone I had dated previously.
Then, I saw her more clearly.
"You're that blondy from the truck stop."
"Turn around."
"And from the Marietta Square."
"Turn AROUND," she said.  At her hip, there was a gun trained on me.  I turned around.
I asked, "What are you--"
"Shit," she said.  I heard a bang against the wall near her.  She'd hit it with a fist.
"You hadn't expected me home, right?  I was out--"
"Shut UP."
I looked at Rummels and Rummels, and frowned.  My next move already decided and in motion, to the kitty closest I whispered, "sorry."
Ducking low, I grabbed both fat, furry cats, one in each hand, and threw them at the woman.  NarraeaaaaaaaaRRRRnnnnn!  Then I heard her scream.
"JESUS!  GET OFFFF MEE!"
From the floor in front of the couch, I wheeled around the end of the sofa as she pushed off one Rummels as another gnawed at her leg.  She lifted her other leg, as I came up behind her, about to kick the second cat off.
"Oh, no you don't," I said, and bent low taking out the leg the cat was chewing on.  As the woman fell, Rummels made a break for it and the woman fell on top of me.  
She stood just faster than I did and I heard the low clanking of the metal weapon in her hand as she tried to get a good grip.  
I reached over to try and grab it and got rewarded with a starburst of incredible light, as an elbow landed hard just above the bridge of my nose.
My hands instinctively went up and another elbow jabbed into my left lung, the back of her fist catching me in the mouth.  Falling to the left, the wall broke my descent.  Listing to the side, I could just barely get enough hold with one foot to raise the other.  
My shoe planted in the middle of her back, I launched the woman into the door leading into the garage, and she slipped into the darkness.
I’d hoped for a satisfying thwop! when her head hit the door.  Not because I like to toss around women but she beat the shit out of me and I wanted to get one good lick in.
Instead, it was as if she hit the door running-- which she probably did-- and I simply helped her through it.  
My heart sank a little-- another breadcrumb to find out what was happening to me, but this one blew away in the wind.
“GrrRRRRRRrrrrnnnnrrr!
Then, the playing field changed a little.
I stumbled upright and the two kitties were on me in an instant, swirling away at my feet.  Scooting them away, it almost seemed like they were worried about me.  Or, more likely, I’d dropped bacon and it had lodged somewhere in the laces of my cheap tennis shoes.
I cracked the door open slightly and heard a shuffling.  Then the dog-bear-moose Toby barked again.
The woman yelled, growled back.  I could tell she was freaked out and couldn’t blame her.
Flicking the light on, I saw my blond ass-kicker in the corner of the room.  She’d taken a tumble on a collection of hoses I’d made a poor attempt at coiling neatly in the center of the garage.  To get up, she’d need to lean up on her hands-- if she did that, however, Toby would be within reach to eat her head whole.
The look on the dog’s face, the froth and drool that swirled and foamed at his jowls, dropping to the floor in clumps, she and I both knew he was hungry for some head.
“Get this fucking... thing... away from me!”
Toby tugged at its chain slightly and a growl began gurgled low in its throat.  She pressed herself lower to the ground.
I sat on the concrete step at the threshold of the garage.
My lung was still reinflating itself, but my vision had traded twinkly stars for the early onset of a headache.  Charity, kindness, saving intruders from man/woman-eating dog-beasts?-- these were not thoughts at the top of my list.
I asked, “Why are you following me?”
She laughed and the dust on the ground cleared away from the sharp breath.
“Oh, hell no,” she said.  “You’re not quizzing me because Cujo wants a bite out of my ass.  I’ll shoot the fucking dog.”
“No you won’t.”
“The fuck I wo--”
“You’d shoot me, I bet.  But not the dog,” I said.  “If you were going to do that, you’d have squeezed one off before I even got in here.”
She smiled and pointed the weapon in my direction.  Her smile faded as Toby leapt, and the metal coils that held him in place rattled so hard, the sound of it hurt my teeth.
“I wouldn’t do that.”
“The dog is chained up!”
“Look at that thing,” I said.  “The chain is merely an optimistic request by the members of this household.”  Her hand wavered.  “If you listen closely and hear a Foo Fighters song coming from that thing it's because it ate my iPod on the first day.  With headphones.  And shock proof case.”
“Bullshit.”
I shrugged.
For a moment it was quiet.  Her eyes stabbed left to right, then back.  She said: “You’re lying.”
Standing up I said, “Oh, good.  Don't hear it?  Ugh, finally!  I’ll check the yard for it then.”
“DON’T go anywhere.  You’re going to grab this fuc--”
I raised my arms at my sides as if I were about to use them to take flight.  “No, you're the one on the ground.  I'm making the rules right now."  She raised the gun again.  I watched her eyes and realized something else: "You won't shoot me either.  This isn't about killing me."
She rolled her eyes at me.  What?   What would I know about this sort of thing, so I’m a little slow on the pickup.
"What do you want?  What does that big asshole, ninja want?"
She started speaking and then, strangely, she actually laughed.  "If you knew how much of an asshole.  God, that's funny."
"What do you fucking people want from me?"  Toby took a half step back at my voice, then seemed to notice my anger was directed to the woman on the ground, and inched right back forward.  Its front paws almost dug into the concrete.
She looked around the room and said, "Dexter, I don't want anything from you.  I'm on the job, shit-for-brains."
"What job?"  Her eyes went from corner to corner of the garage, and it was making me nervous.  I barely had a hold on the situation and she was obviously thinking way ahead of me.  "Who are you working for, then?"
"Hmmf."
"Do you work for Solomon-Bluth like The Mentor?"  Shit.
"Who?"  she said.  "What did you call him?"
"Do you both work for Solomon-Bluth?"
She shot me a gaze like I was a bacterium on a golf ball, hurtling toward the rough at Pebblebrook, and that bacterium had just asked a spec of dirt, "Wait a moment!  You trying to say there's life beyond our white, dimpled planet??"
One eye squinted, she then said almost to herself, "Oh yeah.  Actually, I think one of them does run that place."
"One of who?"
Inching back slowly, she put her hands on the floor, her right hand holding the gun as she did.  Toby yanked against his chain again, she didn't even seem to notice.
"ONE OF WHO?  WHO?"
She pulled into a low crouch and said, "Listen, kid, when they finally come to you just give them what they want."  The gun lifted from the floor.  "They always get what they want.  Always.  Christ, it's why they're-- whatever."
I took a half step forward and she shook her head.
One last try, I asked again: "Who is doing this to me?  This is my life, and I’m not in control of it anymore!"
"Well at least you got that right."  She raised the gun, but didn't point it toward me nor my canine friend.  "Give them what they want when they ask, and it'll be over."
"Over?  They can have whatever they want, I don't have anything.  They can take it and leave me alone!  And don't call me kid, lady.  You're the same fucking age as I am."
"Yeah," she said and closed an eye.  "They said you were smart, really smart, and I had to be on my toes."  One last time, she looked me in the face, expressionless.  "I don't see it."
Her lips parted, then the gun exploded in her hand, my ear drums exploded with it, and the dim garage bulb spit fire, then went dark.  
Down on one knee (I didn't remember dropping), I watched the outside door bang open and close like a lighthouse flash, and then I was back in the dark.  My first worry:
"Toby?  You okay?"
Nothing.  My heart sank and I pushed the door behind me farther open, turned on the hall light.  The thick, yellow beam of light painted a rectangle on the garage door and just to the left of it, I saw the big, midnight black dog in the corner of the room, shifting from paw to paw.
"Oh, thank god."
Toby whimpered back and I took a few steps forward.  "You really are all bark and no bite, huh?  Come here, thanks for--"
A low growl rippled from the dark.
"Okay.  I'll say thanks from here."  I stopped and backed up one step.  "Good dog.  Maybe I can feed you one of the neighbor kids as reward, okay?"
Toby’s tongue hung out, and some part of me wondered if it knew what I had just said. 

~~~



Chapter Twenty

Pavan jumped backward, then forward again, unsure what he should do with his feet.  “What is that?  What… what was that noise?  What makes that kind of noise?”
“Toby needs water,” I said.
“What’s a Toby?”
“Its papers say ‘dog,’ but I don’t think that’s the complete picture.”  I stood to get the jug, and then stopped.  
I'd called Pavan and, thrilled to be back in action, he was at the Dvorak's house the next morning.
Nashville was about four hours away, so round trip plus an hour of time (give or take) at Solomon-Bluth regional office it was going to be a nine or ten hour road trip.  
The kitties, they had their little box, and I could load them up with food and water easy enough.  Toby required a little more attention.  He’d need a trip around the block once or twice.
Once in the garage, Pavan asked if he could hold Toby's leash as we walked.
"Are you serious?  You're not afraid he'll eat you?"
He'd gleefully taken a pair of work gloves, slipped them on, and grabbed the chain.  As he walked over to Toby in the corner, my stomach flinched, but the dog watched Pavan like a curiosity.  An odd, little dude.  And, honestly, he's my best friend but that's how most of the world looks at him.
Why should the dog be any different?
According to the missus of the house and the note left by the Dvoraks, I was to feed the cats twice a day.  Thankfully, dog fed itself.  
There was an instruction to “play” with the kitties, too.  As felines are notoriously poor at “fetch,” I couldn’t really imagine what sort of playing they were into.  There was an air hockey table in the basement, and it seemed conceivable they would enjoy batting around the flat, plastic puck, but a few days earlier, I'd discovered the air jets only scared the willies out of the cats, and it took me more than an hour to pry them out from under the game room’s sofa.
Old school, I'd searched the home for yarn but the closest thing available had been dental floss.  Muggles (or Ruggles) didn’t seem interested, but Ruggles (or Muggles) played a little but constantly lost sight of it, only to strike out in frustration once it did find it, which skewered my hand once too often (once) and that little round of playtime was over.  They seemed content to swirl around my feet as I tromped from room to room, so “playtime” became the twice-daily routine of walking through every room in the house with the kitties in tow.
The note also said that I was to walk Toby the bear-dog a couple of times.  It didn’t say “a couple times a day,” so it seemed a few times over the next week and a half would suffice.  
The midnight black dog in the backyard at one point ran out of food and simply bit through the bag sitting next to the empty one.  I did not, however, find any shards or strips of thick, brown paper, thus it seemed apparent that Toby had eaten the top portion of the bag.
Pavan and I were going to be gone for the day and since Toby had defended me against "Sorority She-Ra," at the very least, he deserved a quick, rewarding walking tour around the block. 
Outside, Pavan's enthusiasm dimmed only slightly, as the big dog effortlessly pulled him down the sidewalk.
“How far you supposed to walk him?”
“I dunno.  Never had a dog.”
"Doesn't make you a very good dog-sitter, man."
For such a nice neighborhood, all this work on keeping lawns and yards perfect-- nobody ever went outside.  Maybe they were all part of some new fad of in-town vacation properties.
"I’m a house-sitter, Pavan.  Not a dog sitter."
"But if the house you’re sitting on has a dog, then you are a dog-sitter, too."
"Well, if you put it that way, I guess," I said. 
Pavan was still grinning that stoned grin of his.  “Man, this is not a dog.  It’s like some Woolly Mammoth someone thawed out and put a collar on.”
“Don't talk like that.  You’re just making me nervous,” I said and decided that the dog would let me know how far we were walking into the early morning, which was as it had cooled began to pull a thick fog blanket down to keep the earth warm.  
Luckily for me, in this setting, the hound of the Baskervilles was at the end of the leash Pavan was holding and, theoretically, on my side.  If anyone tried to get me, Toby the dog could eat him.  
I’d told Pavan about my encounter with the blond in the Dvorak’s house the night before, and how I’d seen her a couple times before.
"What did she mean by 'they'?  You asked about Sodom-Boof and--"
"Solomon-Bluth."
"Right, and she said 'they' meaning you got more than one person after you."
She’d said: They always get what they want.  Always.  Christ, it's why they're-- whatever
They're… what?  What was she about to say?
"So I've got a group or team or company after me because they want something-- and they'll get it-- because 'they' always do."
"What kind of team?"
Shook my head.  “Either way, I’m not hiding the rest of my life.  Time to impose my will on the enemy for a change,” I said, watching Toby sniff around a bush that had been sculpted to look like a mushroom.
“Is the Toby-dog going to eat that bush?”
“Fine by me.”
“Listen, man,” Pavan said and turned to me.  His soft features sharpened slightly.  “What do you hope to find at… you know, this place?  In Nashville.”
"It's the only thing I have to go on right now.  I know The Mentor and a hot blond might in some way work for them."
"Oh, you didn't say she was hot.  How hot?"
"And, that it's a 'them' not one person.  Not just a him… or her."
"Well if it was just the one guy, that guy would be the owner guy of Sandman--"
"Solomon-Bluth.  How hard can that be to remember?"
"Now it's jumbled, permanently… it's lost forever, man.  The owner dude, what's his name?"
Toby stopped so we stopped.  When he would move again, we would move.  I only hoped Toby decided to go home soon.  Or at all.  
"Marion Bluth."
"It's a chick?"
"No, just an old dude.  You know John Wayne's first name was 'Marion.'  Tough guy like that."
"Neat.  Who the fuck is John Wayne?"  Pavan said and his head snapped back halfway as he was yanked forward again.  "Nevermind.  So you got a bunch of guys all hanging out, like Wayne Bluth."
"Christ, Pavan," I said and laughed.  "Okay, why do I have a ‘bunch of guys’ like Marion Bluth?"
"'Cause guys with big houses, big cars and skinny wives only hang out with other guys with big houses, big cars and skinny wives."
"Huh."
"When was the last time you hung out with a millionaire?"
"Billionaire."
"Whoa, fuck a duck!  No shit?" Pavan hopped a couple times, trying to hold onto the leash.  Toby had sped up and was moving toward a long expanse of lawn, capped by a gorgeous white, antebellum mansion.  "Wish I'd been born into that family."
"Nah, money like that makes weird kids."
"With money like that, they don't never call you weird, man.  Eccentric."
I nodded.  Pavan is smarter than he looks.  Well… he'd have to be.
"So you got a bunch of rich guys gunning for you," he said plainly.
I stopped.
Pavan, not his fault, kept walking.
"What?"
Calling over his shoulder, he said.  "If there is a 'they' and one of the 'they' is Big Money then the other 'theys' are Big Money.  Big Money don't hang out with Little Money."
She'd said: "They always get what they want.  Always.  Christ, it's why they're--" 
"Billionaires?"
I caught up to Pavan and he said, "Yeah, maybe.  Are there a lot of those kinds of guys around?"
Well, I couldn't be sure they'd all get the big B tag, but Pavan had a point.  And, playing back She-Ra's conversation back in my head, when I'd asked about Solomon-Bluth--
Oh yeah.  Actually, I think one of them does run that place.
In this group, 'one of them,' a billionaire didn't stand out from the rest.  And Big Money wouldn't really stand out, as Pavan put it, next to Big Money.  
Pavan broke my train of thought.
"What if you do find your Mentor guy?  Track him down.  Whaddya do, then?"
“There’s a Cobb County detective I’ve talked with.  He’s a good cat.  I could—“
“Oh, so you… you are going to karate chop the guy, tie him up with your shoelaces, and call in the cop guy?”
"I'm glad you find it so funny."
“Sorry, but the only thing I’ve seen you go hand-to-hand with is a foot-long roast beef sandwich!”
Pavan, again, was right.  Still, I pulled a package out of my pocket that had been hanging on a hook in the novelty section of the gas station.  Tearing open the package, I tossed the bracelets to Pavan.
They hit his chest and he caught them with his free hand.  His smile grew so wide, I wondered if he could taste ear wax.
“Toy handcuffs?  No way, man.  You are a crazy bastard!”
“My ex-girlfriend put those on me one time,” I said.  “She swallowed the key, thinking it was a sexy move.  After we were done, not so sexy anymore being strapped to the bed.”
“Sure, you can't go to the can or get out if there's a fire or nuthin'.”
“Right, my exact thoughts, sure.  Uh… Tried and tried to get the things off.  One option was to load my girl up with Raisin Bran and give it a couple hours.”
“Gross.”
“Instead, we called the landlord to get me out of them.  Even he said they were surprisingly sturdy.”
Tossed the cuffs back.  Well, if your landlord says they’re good…”
Pavan belly laughed and got a quick yank again from Toby.  
"Toby, eat my friend if he dares to laugh at me again."
I looked down and saw we were halfway up the manicured lawn of someone’s very nice and very large home.
When Toby finally began to pull his hind legs forward I realized he was about to push some of that paper dog food bag out of his system.  
I took a step back.  Pavan looked up at the house and handed me the chain.  
"Come on, we gotta hit the road."
There was a stiff tug on the leash as Toby started moving away from his deposit.  As we started walking again, thankfully, the big dog was moving back in the direction we'd come from.
Pavan, braver than me, looked back and whispered, “It’s like a Volkswagen.”
“Don’t look at it,” I said, shuffling forward, being dragged by the huge animal .  “If the owner of that house sees us, he might make us haul it away.”
When we'd rolled up to the house, I stopped for a quick second not instantly recognizing the car in the driveway.  Then remembered it was Pavan’s P.O.S.
"Huh.  Where'd ya put the van?"
Pavan was making zigzags as he walked next to me.  "I drove it to the airport and put it in long term parking."
"Why?"
"I think I saw it in a movie one time," he said and this was enough of an answer for my friend.  Made perfect sense.  "Then I took the bus back to my neighborhood."
"Okay."
"'Cept the bus, sucks!  I ended up at the bus depot and from there I couldn't get home.  So, my cousin picked me up."
I'm not sure how many cousins Pavan had.  Or uncles or aunts.  But I'm pretty sure every day since we've been friends, at some point, he's mentioned one of his cousins.  And if you told me that he'd never brought up the same one twice, I'd be inclined to believe you.
Before we left for Nashville, we stocked his car with munchies and beer.  Loading up the back seat, I saw that he already had a couple dozen snack sized bags back there.
“How many empty Funyuns bags are back here?”
“Chill, they’re not all empty, man,” Pavan said.
“What is this stuff?”  I'd dug deeper into the silvery-foiled abyss.  “I don’t think they even make this stuff anymore.”
Pavan got in the driver's seat and set up his soda and, why? a new bag of Funyuns.  I was sure that if I kept digging, I might find something of value.  Or maybe a small family.
"Dude, stop digging back there.  You're messing with my funyun-shway."
You don't want to mess with a man's funyun-shway, now.
For as long as I knew him, almost two years, we'd never taken an extended drive together anywhere.  Pavan is a courteous driver and he told me one time he drives as if his mother was watching him.  She died some years ago and he believes that she might actually do that.
"You think she's passed through the pearly gates, living in light of God's love in the halls of heaven, but leaves to watch you drive?"
"She doesn't like rude people.  Her big thing.  And on the road, easy to be rude.  So, I drive not-rude.  In case, you know, she's checking up on me."
I opened the window and looked outside.  The trees were set back from the road a little as if they knew better than to get too close to our cars.  Maybe the deer told them.
"Is she watching you now?"
He shook his head.  "Sure, why not, maybe."
"So, is it just when you're driving?"
"Ah, man, don't do that."
I kept quiet for a moment and could tell he was thinking about his mother, who he cared very much about.
"Does she watch you in the shower?"
"DUDE, shut up with that!"  He actually swerved a little.
"Oh, rude swerving.  She won't like that."
Taking another drag from his third joint since we left he said, "You have something very wrong with you."
At the two hour mark we stopped to leak, and I filled up his car.  After years, I'd finally cracked the seal on my savings account, the money I'd gotten from the hospital lawsuit, and preferred spending in on Pavan than me.
That got me thinking.
Why would a group of ultra-wealthy people be after me?  Not after me, but after something I… had?
After the forty dollar fill up, I still had well over four hundred thousand dollars in the bank.  Not rich but certainly not broke.
"I'm thinking they're not after my fat bankroll," I said to my reflection in Pavan's back window, which seemed to agree with me.
What do people with money want?  Stock answer: more money.
Okay, if that were the case… what did I have-- and I didn't have anything-- that would be worth a lot of money?
When we started seeing the signs for Nashville, I'd fallen into a sleep-wake coma.  I was very comfortable and began to think I'd picked up a contact high from my driver, Puff the Magic Dragon.
Pavan (aka Puff) on the other hand was looking a bit agitated.  Impressive after a half dozen joints.
"So, what are you going to ask these people when you get there?  Is that Wayne guy there?"
"I doubt it," I said and grabbed the pages Pavan had printed up from the library.  "They've got eight regional offices and a main one in New York.  I think if he goes into any of them, it'd be that one."
"I don't wanna go to New York, man."
"Nah, I doubt the guy even goes there.  He's too busy giving secrets to the Chinese, paying a nickel a day for labor and selling shitty computer chips to U.S. government."
Pavan nodded.  "Yeah, he sounds busy, man."  He drew in a deep breath of smoke-- tobacco this time-- and blew it out the window.  That stuff, he blows out the window now.  Sure.  "So, what are you going to do, then?  At the place?"
"Ask around.  What do you think I should do?"
"I don't know, man!  You're the one trying to get all Scooby-doo on ‘em.  I'm just the driver."
The night before I'd had trouble sleeping and was rolling that very question around in my head.  I'd come up with a couple scenarios but Pavan was right-- this was detective territory (cartoon dog detective or not)-- I don't know much about storming a place, shining someone on to get me something I wanted to know.
Especially when I really didn't know what I was hoping to find out.  Anything, I suppose.
One of the few friends I have left from college (or at least one I can recall) works for the big news network, downtown.  She's an "associate producer" which is a pretty cool title but it really just means she’s a bit of a gopher, gets video clips for whatever show she's assigned to.
On rare occasions, she gets to tag along with a field producer who needs an extra set of hands for a shoot somewhere.  A few months ago, when I bumped into her at a Disturbed concert at Lakewood Amphitheater, we talked for about twenty minutes in the beer line.
Steve Martin, the comedian who used to be funny, wrote a pretty good autobiography.  In it, he told a story about the greatest of TV hosts, Johnny Carson who'd leaned over to him, going to commercial break, and said, "You'll use everything you ever knew."
That guy was brilliant.  
Then, I remembered the woman back at the police station in Marietta and hoped things had worked out for her.  It'd be nice if Jay Leno were incarcerated and couldn't do the show anymore.  Johnny would have wanted it that way.
I walked through the revolving door of a glass atrium a few moments after Pavan assured me he'd keep the motor running.  I subsequently assured him that wouldn't be necessary but, his car, he was the deciding vote. 
"Try not to look suspicious," I'd said, holding open the passenger side door.
"We're in Nashville, and I’m from El Salvador.  Unless I'm washing dishes, I look suspicious."
"You'll be fine," I said, confirming the numbers on the building up the street matched the ones on the print out in my hand.  "Just act a little, you know, 'Country.'"
"I am a little bit country," he said.  "And, you know, a little bit--"
I'd slammed the door before he could finish.  Low hanging fruit.  Seriously.
Inside the offices of Solomon-Bluth, the young guy with the thirty dollar haircut greeted me pleasantly enough, and I gave him my real name but fake employer (the Atlanta news network), in case there were any instance where I had to whip out an I.D., not that I expected that.
"Hey, I was just burnin' through here coming back from St. Louis where we were doing a story, a feature piece, on the family of one of the Doctors Without Borders guys."
"Oh," he said, and put his thin hand to his chest.  "I love those guys.  Very brave, every one of them."
"Absolutely.  And their families have to be brave, too.  Any given day that phone could ring, right?"
"Oh, wow.  Yeah."
"So, they're like the unsung heroes, in a way.  The, uh, ‘wind beneath their wings’ sort of people.  They worry constantly but no one even knows their names."
He blinked a couple times, his eyes a little damp.
"You'll have to tell me when that runs, that's really beautiful, Dexter," he said and switched gears, got to business.  "What can we do for you here?"
I nodded, looked around-- I had no idea how a producer "scoped" out a potential interview and tried to look a little distracted, constantly.
"Same sort of vein, right?  Solomon-Bluth puts millions towards all sorts of great causes--"
"Absolutely, Solomon-Bluth is synonymous with medical advancements and achievements for the food and financially insecure," he said, a veritable talking brochure.  "Folks in this country are worried about having health insurance, and they have every right to be.  But we've got people on this planet worried about dying from diseases we cured fifty years ago!"
Leaning in, I said quietly, turned my total focus to the young man who, according to the small, upright nameplate, was called Timothy.
"Timothy, you see… I don't mean for this to sound cold, and I swear it's not… but you say Solomon-Bluth is synonymous with medical advancements and achievements for the food and financially insecure, and I don't think many people realize that."
His face drooped a little.  Sad clown, I'd popped a balloon.
"Oh."
"Well," I said, smiling.  "We need to change that right?  That’s why I stopped by.  I knew you guys had a regional here in Nashville.  Maybe your company can be part of our series?"
He lit up.  "Wow."  Then: "But you guys just did a big piece on Mr. Bluth a couple months back.  Some of my counterparts at the home office got on T.V., even.  It was very exciting.  I’m not sure--"
"No," I said, dancing as fast as I could, "this wouldn't be told in the light of, you know, coloring within the lines as we worked up a sketch on a national figure like Mr. Bluth."
"International figure."
"Absolutely.  This, again, would be along the unsung lines-- we love people like the big man there-- but there are a lot of little folks who never get the limelight."
A slow nod.  Closer.
"And, this office in particular,” I continued, “some of your recent work has not gone unnoticed.  At least not by my colleagues and me."
The nod continued for a moment and stopped.
"What work?  Us?"
"Yes," I said through a terrified smile, beaming brightly.  "This office here, ol' Nashville regional for Solomon-Bluth.  Your work here, well we were just talking about it a few weeks back, maybe a month or two ago, in the past year or so… in the newsroom."  I wondered if my teeth were sweating.  "I'll admit, and we're supposed to be impartial, but you've got a lot of fans over there on the fifth floor."
His eyes grew for a moment.
"Oh my,” he hooded his eyes, then lifted a hand to cover his mouth.  “You're talking about the coffee mite eradiation project in Patrocinio."
"YES.  That is… right?  Exactly."
"Brazil?  How do you all know we were heading that up out of this office?  That, Dexter is supposed to be a semi-secret.  Or at least not really public knowledge because everyone at Solomon-Bluth, all the offices, you know, is a part of the coffee mite project.  Sure, we’re lead project managers.  You know, make the big decisions, and push the funds.  The buck stops here."
"Ha, right.  Well, well, right?  We're, you know, I know because, right?  It's news and, I’m a news person.  So, we know all about it!"
He stood up and walked to the wall, proudly pointing out a row of black and white photographs.  
“Here are your unsung heroes.”  Waving me over, his face beaming, he said: "These are some of our people-- out of this office-- down in Patrocinio and the outlying area.  You know, years ago the local farmers were told to introduce phytoseiid mites to the coffee beans!"
I shook my head.
"One mite to take out another mite,” he said.  “You want to put a creature, a bug, essentially, into an ecosystem that doesn’t belong there-- I don't care if the darn thing cured heart-break-- not on our watch!"
"See, what a mess that could have been.  You guys-- so great."
The next several photos showed tall, white people with clipboards and huge floppy hats, posing with little brown folks who looked like they just wanted to get back to planting, sowing, picking coffee and being away from assholes for a while.
"Here's an aerial shot.  Look how low he is!"
"Amazing."
"That, I think… yes, that's the third application of the insecticide, an herbal of course, developed in our state of the art lab-- we're just testing it on one farm right now and the farmer has been totally compensated, trust me.  But, so far"-- he crossed his fingers-- "so good."
Timothy named a couple people and looked at me as if I should be writing it down.  I assured him that my memory was rather good, never forget a name.
The farther down the wall one walked, the older the pictures.  The last one of the set he stopped at and grinned wide again.  And again, the hand went back to the chest.
"Oh, that's the very first day of the project…" he continued on for about three or four minutes.  My subconscious was taking it all down but my here-and-now conscious needed a break from the coffee bug talk.
It's funny.  I have no idea how long I'd been staring but it'd obviously been long enough to warrant an explanation.
"Ah ha!  Those are the real, original heroes.  Those three men, for years, were responsible for, oh gosh, vaccines and antibiotics and herbicides, insecticides!  That was the most expensive private lab ever built."
"I… yeah?"
Timothy pointed to the row below and said something about the new lab and some of the similar accomplishments.
"The same sort of work, very productive but, between you and me… don't put this in the piece or anything… but it's a far cry from that first effort.  The first lab."
"What happened to--"
"Fire.  Huge fire, took the whole place with it.  There were supposed to be precautions but, you know, it's a lab.  A lot of things that can go boom, right?"  The forced smile left his face.  "And the man on the right, there?"
Yes.  The man on the right there.  
Yes.  
Him, I knew him.
"He went up with the place," Timothy said, his voice quieter.  "Tried to put it out, everybody else got out but him.  He literally died for the research."
Yes.  Something in my brain said: Yes, he did.  I think he did.
I must have asked the man's name because Timothy told it to me but it wasn't the name I knew.  That man I remembered.  Most of that memory, lost, buried, I had only fragments.  But I recognized his face.
Archimedes and Newton probably know him now, too, because for some reason I was sure he was dead.
Yes.  I recognized that face.
I recognized my old college professor.   Professor Jepson.  

~~~



Chapter Twenty-one

Back at the Dvoraks, I had to quickly turn the alarm off as my friend burst through the front door looking to drain the two big gulps he'd had on the way back from Nashville.
"Ay carbón," Pavan jumped back from the front door and fell into me.  "You have got fat, rabid squirrels in the lady's house!"  I pushed him back up, toward the "squirrels" (which had begun to purr), into the dark house.
With the click of the light switch, a medium-sized chandelier came to light and the two cats leapt from Pavan, who'd begun high-stepping like a man walking on coals, and began to warm my feet.
"Hey Rummels," I said and felt my chest soften a little.  "Hey other Rummels."
"What the fuuu'…?"  He hadn’t seen the kitties in all their whirling-dervish glory earlier that day.
"My guard cats," I said and looked down at the two of them, each alternating in looking up at me.  "Lemme check their dishes.  You mind feeding Toby real quick?"
Pavan calmed down after his scare with the kitties and seemingly forgot all about having to go the bathroom so badly.  At least, I'd hoped he'd simply forgotten.  
Heading into the garage he muttered to himself, "These people are some crazy people with half-dog, half-bears and squirrel-cats.  They must be rescue animals or something because…"
I flipped on a couple more lights and tried to convince myself that I was just doing my job, as a house-sitter, checking out the house.  But, each dark corner stole a little breath and each new light calmed my stomach.  Thankfully, my writhing slippers were close at hand if I needed any protection.
They hadn't needed anymore food-- I'd gone overboard anyhow, plenty left.  I refilled the water dish and plopped onto the couch.  The cats lost themselves in the kitchen for a moment, and I had a quiet moment.
Stillness.  
I tried to relax, wind down, because we'd need some sleep because, after seeing a photo of my old professor (with a different name?) at Solomon-Bluth, we were heading to the Georgia Science Academy, my Alma Mater, the next day.
Everything inside me wanted to collapse, fall asleep, but I'd left the place a bit of a mess and didn't feel that I could totally--
Wait a minute.
On the coffee table in front of me, the notes, doodles, grocery lists were all scattered.  One of the papers had been crumpled, even.
"Dog-bear is fed and happy," Pavan said, returning with a goofy grin.  "Toby, I like.  Not sure about the rat-squirrels.  Too freaky."  
Pavan dropped onto the reclining chair and yanked the lever, kicking his feet up, as if he'd done it a million times in the house.  A relaxation pro, my friend could have found a way to chill on the Titanic, ten minutes after it sank.
Obviously, my rattled aura or jumpy chakras was rippling his zen-Lazy-Boy experience.
"What's wrong?"
"What do you mean what's wrong?" I said, slowly sifting through my papers, trying to remember what I'd left there.
"Your face is all scrunchy."
I looked over at Pavan.  "Man, your eyes are closed how can you tell my face is all scrunchy?"
Not even lifting his hands from the arm rests, he pushed both his thumbs toward his ears.  "I can hear your face being scrunchy.  You remember all the words and dog farts you've ever heard--"
"Whatever."
"--me, I can hear scrunchy faces.  So," he said cracking open one eye.  "What's up?"
Of course, I'd told him earlier about my encounter with the Phi Beta Ass Kicker, but detailed it now again much slower.  In part for him but I think mostly for me, trying to recall exactly what I may have missed.
"So, she thought I'd left, I suppose.  When I came in, she must have jumped back into the shadows but I'm guessing," I said, looking down at the nine or ten sheets of paper, "she had been going through… this."
Pavan leaned forward and snapped the footstool in place, nearly being launched into the kitchen in the process.  When he recovered, it took a moment, he dropped to his knees onto the carpet and looked at the papers.
"This is, like, grocery lists and weird drawings and--"
"They're not weird!  It's just freehand, doodling stuff."
Pavan raised his hand and said, "Oh my God."
I caught my breath and looked at the paper he'd locked onto.
"You bought cabbage?  Why would you buy cabbage?"
Snatching my grocery list back, I said, "I like cabbage."
"It's smells like balls.  Old man balls.  Old man balls after an old man played handball at the YMCA with old man balls."
I eyed my friend.  "There is some trouble in your past, son, that you have never told me about.   You should talk to somebody about it.  Not me, but somebody."
"I tell you I never fucking ate cabbage in my past.  Nasty."  
The cats darted through the room and up next to me on the couch.  As I pet them, I felt myself moving closer and closer to sleep.
"So the hot chick comes in here and goes through your lists and doodles.  Why would she do that?"
"Dunno."
"Maybe she took something, right?  Like your Publisher's Clearing House entry or something," he said, then rubbed the scruff on his chin that I knew took, pitifully, three or four days to grow.  "What do you have, some sort of paper-thing, that a hot, mean chick and a crazy, ninja black dude would want?"
The cats switched places, crossing my lap at the same time, and Pavan let out a laugh like only a lifelong stoner can.
"Yeah, they're cool, huh?"  I said, and then turned back to his thought.  "Okay, a document, right?  What sort of document would I have that people would want?"
"We have the police report from the van."
"Public record.  If they took it, we could get another.  If they wanted a copy, they could just go pay for it."  Sleepy, I looked down at the papers again. What was I missing?
Pavan said, "Do you have anything, you save anything over the years that someone might hear about and goes, 'hey I want that.'"
Pavan and I went back and forth for a few more minutes like this and it got more ludicrous at each step.  He was into it, sure, but I only was playing along to see if it would ever end.  
I realized it wouldn't.  Minutes later, still at it:
"Okay, so did you ever get like a painting at a garage sale one time and give it to your mom or something and, maybe, there's like a copy of the Declaration of the Independents back, underneath--"
"No," I said.  "Seriously?"
Pavan shrugged, finally giving up.  We made plans to get up when the sun was warm-- neither of us are usually big alarm clock users-- and he headed upstairs to the guest bedroom.  My body was still sore from the long trip in the car but despite that, I'd planned on sleeping on the couch likely adding a few more aches and knots to my body.
Truth was, the kitties were all settled in and I didn't have the heart to move them.
Hours later, it seemed hours later at least, the dream came back, the one on the day of Ruthie's funeral.
But, the… the reception was bad.  I'm not sure how else to say it, so there it is.  The dream fluttered in and out, interrupted by other images, flashes of light, moments of… water?
It was familiar like a sort of déjà-vu.  Yet, even straddling between wakefulness and sleep, I knew it wasn’t.  It's memory.  Memory searching for the cracks, trying to come back.
So strange.  After all this time, it was coming back.  Why now?
After the crash, the one where I killed my sister, I had to recover from some head trauma.  Not like a linebacker nailed me before the snap, more like the entire D-line of a pro football team blitzed and hit me on the crown of my head.
There were a bunch of different names for it that they threw at me, which only told me they really didn't exactly know what it was.  Post-traumatic brain injury was one but so cumbersome I've rarely said it aloud.
The one I hated the least was retrograde amnesia or just RA.  It was unnecessarily explained to me that RA had hidden the memory of the accident and events leading up to it.  I knew that's what happened to me because any recollection of that day, that year and a lot of the previous year, were gone. Not gone, hidden.  A blind spot.  All of it.  
I'd lost the time from the crash all the way back to a couple weeks after I'd started at Georgia Science Academy.  Returning there a couple times, trying to patch together the previous years, shame would surge through me when a friend from school would approach me.  Back then, I couldn’t recall more than two or three people-- and then, still, with the RA, I barely knew them.  
Over the past several weeks, though, so much was coming back.  
Soon, I’d remember the crash, when I’d killed my sister.
Ruthie died because I couldn't control the car we were in.  The pain, shame, pitiful looks hurt and I wanted it to hurt.  
I'd failed her.
Falling deeper into sleep…
Another flash, more clearly, more brilliantly and this time a sound-- a sickly crack, like an arm breaking.  
Years ago, investigators cleared me of wrong doing, in part, because the one surviving witness couldn’t remember what had happened.  The investigators chided me when they'd learned I'd shunned some conditioning therapy that might help me get my memories back.  Learned response sort of stuff-- think bells and drooling dogs, rats in mazes looking for food-- that sort of thing.
One even accused me of faking the RA or at least avoiding memory recovery to avoid any prosecution.  He was a dick but he was doing his job, whatever.  But, and maybe it's just me, if you killed someone you loved more than yourself, would you want to remember that?
The pain of shame, pity that I could handle.  Remembering the last words Ruthie ever said or the sound of her head and body exploding against the steel car door-- that I could never bear.  Maybe that means I'm a coward.  I don't care.  Didn't want to ever remember.
But, over the past couple weeks; I'd begun to see bit and pieces.  Flashes, sounds, blurs of colors and knew that it was only a matter of time now: somehow a hole had been poked in the dam and soon, the whole damn thing was going to come flooding down.
I'd been told by the nurses to stay away from beer and booze because alcohol is no friend to the RA sufferer.  But, I didn't want those memories and drank more the past few years than the previous twenty-three odd years combined.
Yet, still here, it was coming.
Another flash and that sickening sound… not a bone breaking-- crack! -- it was a thunderclap.  I'd been driving that night.  The moonlight or street lights of the interstate formed into a long eye on the reflective surface of my steering wheel.  Couldn't see the wheel but that eye, it stared at me.
Then, everything was like shuttling through some video.
A blur and then I'm playing some fighting video game with a friend at a pizza place… it's a restaurant near my old college.
blur and then back is sore, hard chair pressing into my spine
blur it hurts, my back, but now I'm in the car again
blur back in class, like flipping through baseball cars: it's professors, lectures, chatting girls up in the back of class, smells, sounds…
blur I'm in the car and still hear one of my professors, lecturing.  Rain, I see the rain on the windshield now, Christ it looks like we're underwater, but I still hear that chattering away in my ear, in my head, it's all meshing into one moment, collapsing upon itself and then buzzing becomes ringing, louder and louder, it hurts my ears.
When I wake up, arms swimming at the air above me, as if forcing myself to climb from the muck of the dream back into the real world, my throat feels shredded.
My eyes barely split open, my face and body is soaked.  Body with sweat; face with tears.
Rummels and Rummels have fled, and I don't blame them.
Of all the times for these memories to fight their way back… now?  When some maniac is torturing me, and I’m fighting to find some way to stay alive?
Maybe it was just time.  That's why they were coming back.  Time to face it.  
Or…
What if it was like some sort of survival function.  These "tests" by The Mentor, the shit he was putting me through… for whatever fucked up reason he had for doing it… what if my mind, so clearly focused on the danger, was forcing my subconscious to shake free the hard clumps of barnacles that had seized up nearly two years of memory, simply to add some brainpower in hopes that I might just survive.
A hackneyed theory I'd heard years earlier: trauma could be used to "treat" trauma.  That is, a new trauma could lessen or reverse the effects of another earlier one. 
Sitting there in the safety of the Dvorak home, still, I knew The Mentor was coming back for me the first moment he could.  And while nervous about that, I was gaining confidence.  Whatever he had in store next, I was pretty sure I could handle it.
But those memories, they were coming back, too.  The ones I'd pressed down, those months and years leading up to my sister's dying moments-- the death I caused!-- not sure I'd be able to handle that.  
Hell, those horrible visions… the dreadful, heartbreaking sounds… they might actually kill me before The Mentor ever got a real chance.  

~~~



Chapter Twenty-two

Southern humorist Lewis Grizzard once said about one of the oldest cities in the South: “Atlanta is gonna be a great place whenever they get finished with it.”
Rapper “Pimp C” (nee Chad Butler) once, in a very rhapsodic manner, told a magazine Atlanta “ain’t in the South.”  That little piece of cultural libel was not well received by the folks (read: music buyers) in Atlanta and the surrounding area.  Mr. C later apologized and restated his case (emphasis his): “THAT WAS A BULLSHIT STATEMENT!  ATLANTA IS AND HAS ALWAYS BEEN THE DIRTY MTHFKN SOUTH!”
The implication here is that the second statement is actually some sort of over-reaching atonement for the first, however, I’m not entirely sure I prefer Chad’s new characterization.
And, finally, the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America once named Atlanta the worst American city for asthma sufferers to live in.   One plus: if that designation is accepted by the group’s members, it should cut down a little on any annoying, pervasive, inner-city wheezing.
To me, architecture has always been some sort of civilization merit badge.  Forget strong financial infrastructure, low crime rates or competent governance… to me, if a city had slapped together some really cool buildings, it had arrived.
But, it was "ground floor” where things went terribly wrong in this city.
Specifically: you take your own life into your hands when you drive in Atlanta.  Or, more correctly, you put your life in the hands of anyone within the “killing zone” on the interstate-- an area of, say, a quarter mile in all directions, which increases in size dependent upon the speed of surrounding traffic.
No one does the speed limit.  To do so would put one in danger, even.
Ironically, everyone in Atlanta drives as though they are racing to the hospital with someone terribly sick in the back seat.  Given the high-caliber of accidents this creates, some of them end up being driven to the hospital before the trip is over. 
Einstein (in between long sessions of testing, seeking out an appropriate, yet elusive hair product) said that as an object approaches the speed of light, that object’s mass grows too exponentially.  That said, Atlanta’s traffic is, to paraphrase the smartest man ever: heavy, man.
Pavan takes it in stride, like he does most things, as we head to the campus of Georgia Science Academy which-- whether good or bad-- is situated right downtown.
For students without cars, it means most of where you want to go is available via good, brisk walk or by bicycle (they know better than to take the bus in Atlanta).  Everything else is OTP, as it is called, “Outside The Perimeter”-- the “perimeter” being Interstate 285 which, being that it has three-digits, is a loop around the city of Atlanta.  A little like a moat or possibly a wall-- keeping the barbarians out (ie, anything deemed uncool).
It also means that with all the traffic and few places to park, students walk just about everywhere they go.  
“Uh, I didn’t know we’d be walking, man,” Pavan says sucking down another Camel, “I’d have brought a skate board or something.”
“You don’t skate board.”
“No, but I hate walking.  Too tiring. I could stand on the skateboard and you could pull me.”
I looked at my friend, briefly, then back to some pages I'd printed out back at the Dvoraks.  In the white spaces, I'd jot notes about little bits of memory that would seep in.  A moment here, a moment there.
Flashes of my past were coming back to me as we drove, and it was jarring as hell.  I’d begun to try and make an order of it-- this girlfriend goes here, after my bike got pinched, but before I got food poisoning at the campus coffee bar (this explains my aversion to baklava, check).
“So you think your old professor guy he used to work at Salm... uh...”
“Yeah, no question.  That was him in the picture.  It was taken a few years before I had 
him, but he looked exactly the same.  In fact, I’m sure I’d seen that exact ugly shirt and tie combo several of times.”
Heading toward the exit off the interstate, Pavan shifted lanes, and the moment he did, a white truck loaded with ladders crossed into the spot we’d just slipped out of.  You’re always a twist of the wheel away from “traffic fatality” in this city.
“But you said he don’t teach here no more.”
Up ahead, I could see one of the three towers that the campus was famous for.
“No, he left,” I said, sitting up, and pushing my palms across the jeans to dry them off a little.  “After I got back from my accident, I tried for a couple days to get back into the swing of school but I... I mean, nothing.  No memory of course work, classmates.  Needed a map to walk the streets I’d been walking for nearly two years.  Remembered none of it.”
“So freaky.”
“Yeah.  And, I was laid up for about six weeks or so and when I got back, Jepson was gone.”
“Fired?”
“Nah, just left, I guess.  They didn’t tell us anything-- just a new guy in his place.”
Pavan slowed, shot his eyes to the passenger side mirror, and got into the deceleration lane to take the next exit.
“Freaky.  Did you even remember the guy?  I mean you forgot most of those years.”
“Yeah, I had him first semester for Freshman Physics.  I remember that and that he was a likable guy.  Loved teaching, loved that role, right?  Patches on the elbows of his jacket, probably had a pipe in his desk.  He seemed to really dig it.”
My friend nodded, listening.  For a moment, I saw him stare off a little-- just a quick stolen moment-- and I worried the talk about college was going to be a bit of a bummer for him.
After Pavan’s mother died, his father traded oxygen for Jack, as in Jack Daniels... I’m not sure if it was because his dad missed his mother or that his dad missed his mother taking care of the old man.  For a while, my friend took on the role but eventually made a bit of a clean break because he didn’t want to be dragged down into another man’s despair.  
Say what you want about my friend (just not with me around, now), but he’s got wisdom in that noggin' somewhere.  He can be dim as a Red Dwarf, sure, but somehow--- hell maybe the drug use “squeegied his third-eye” as the great comic Bill Hicks used to say-- he had life smarts in there.
Which is, ultimately, worth far more than anything a university can teach you.
“According to my college transcript-- and the only thing I know about most of those years I got from the transcripts-- I had Jepson both semesters on my Sophomore year.”
“Shit, they must be low on teachers if you got the guy all the time.”
I laughed, “Nah, he just taught in the discipline I was studying.  Sort of a broad, shotgun approach to physics, environmental science, chemistry-- that sort of thing.”
Pavan cranked the wheel, turning toward the campus.  We weren’t officially on campus yet but all the businesses, housing-- this was student territory now.  It felt vaguely familiar.  
We were there because I was hoping to find something out about Professor Jepson-- and maybe some reason why he was in that photo at Solomon-Bluth and why his name in the caption wasn’t Jepson at all.  It was Eller.  The chatty Timothy had confirmed it: the man in the photo was Wilhelm Eller, the lead scientist who’d died in the blast and fire that destroyed the charity’s multi-million dollar research facility.
But then ended up as a Georgia Science Academy professor who called himself Jepson.  Willard Jepson, not Wilhelm.
He’d also disappeared from the school, albeit that time not in a blaze of glory.  Why or where he’d gone, I’d hoped to find out.  I didn't yet know the shape of it but, undoubtedly, here was my link.
Maybe, he was still alive and could tell me something that could lead me to The Mentor-- or could help me piece together what was happening.
A printout of the campus map in my hand, I directed Pavan where to turn to get to the administrators’ building.
A wave of exhilaration washed over me, as if a ghost had passed through my body, and it left me a little chilled, buzzed.  Changing up the route, I told Pavan to turn around, go the other way.  After a few blocks, I looked up and saw dorms.
Hanging from the seventh floor balcony rail at one apartment was a blanket, flapping a little in the breeze.  Maybe the student living there had run out of towels and used it to dry off after a shower.
Or maybe, one drunken night, the occupants had taken in a stray and fed the dog the only thing they had.  Official student food: pizza and beer.  The next morning, the dreadful and nausea-inducing clean up resulted in a banister weighed down by rows and rows of drying towels.
“Used to live up there.”
Pavan craned his neck to look up through the windshield, nodded.
He finally asked, “Dex?”
Turning to him, I asked him to go back the way we came and head to the admin building.  Then, I could tell something was bugging him.  I said: “Okay.  What it is?”
“Me, I live in my father’s house most of the time and sit on the floor because the dog ate the couch, right?  The stuff in the fridge is so old that one of the missing kids on the milk carton is the Lindbergh baby.”
“Oh shit!”  I laughed and nearly spit out my flat Diet Coke.  “Damn, that’s funny, man!”
He smiled huge.  “I used to say Jimmy Hoffa-- that got a laugh-- but somebody told me they only put kids on the cartons, so it wasn’t as good.  My cousin said the Lindbergh baby is good, so yeah, it gets a better laugh.”
Still chuckling, I asked, “Do you even know the Lindbergh baby?”
“Yeah,” he said, and I knew he could care less.  “He’s an air to a cheese fortune or something.  Sure, it was in all the papers, I bet.”
This is why we’re best friends.  Limburger baby?  Fucking love the guy.
It was great to laugh but I knew, maybe inadvertently, his question got scuttled.  Maybe because I knew what the question was going to be and didn’t feel like answering it: Why did I go from a chem-physics major to tearing tickets at a movie theater, getting drunk with him by the soda boxes?  
Guilt is an easy enough, twenty-five cent street-corner psychologist answer.  Didn’t deserve a life after I’d taken Ruthie’s.  At least, I think that had been the plan.  Certainly, worked out that way.

THE CAMPUS, FOR BEING squeezed into downtown had more open space than one would expect.  Thousands of square feet that may have been put to better use as, you know, classrooms on the college campus, was instead dedicated to common seating areas and large, sweeping grass basins that kids, squandering their parents’ hard earned money, skipped class to play Frisbee in.
It was late afternoon (Pavan and I had both woken up after one in the afternoon and habitually moved slow in the morning [even when morning was an afternoon]) and this was the lull between the midday series of classes and when the night courses began. 
This seemed to be a good time to approach the campus staff-- a little down time, like at the theater between rushes when movies began and let out.  Maybe the staff would be more accommodating when not so busy.
So, I was wrong.
“I’m sorry” the middle-aged woman who’d given up on makeup years ago, said to me. Pavan waited a few feet behind me, his head wrapped with ten-dollar eyewear from some sunglasses-of-indifference line, leaning up against the wall.  “I can’t give you records of the faculty and staff at the university.  Did you think we’d hand that out to whoever asked?”
“Hoped.”
“Not happening, Mr. Daisy.”
Ugh.  I said, “Please, just ‘Dexter.’”
"Excuse me," she said a little too loudly, dropping her eyes and raising a bony finger.  “Excuse me.  Everyone in this office, including those who barge through that door, is a ‘mister,’ ‘missus,’ or ‘miss,’ sir.”  She said and glanced around at two other coworkers, subordinates, who had quickly busied themselves with impossibly stacked reams of paperwork.
They didn’t look up nor did they raise a “sing it, sister” clenched fist in solidarity.
Strange irony.  This person was rudely explaining to me the concept of respect.  
Note to all: It is one’s duty to take these types of folks down a notch.
“Fine, but please use my original family name, if you’re going to.  ‘Daisy’ is the last name of an abusive stepfather-in-law, and I hate it,” I lied.  “I'm Dexter Miester, but ours is now anglicized German.  Miester into Mister.  Name is Dexter Mister, now.  So if not ‘Dexter’, then...”
“Fine, fine,” she said and straightened her sweater lapels, another quick glance at her coworkers.  She didn’t see it but from my vantage point, I could see one of them trying to hide a smile.  “I can’t give you access to Professor Jepson’s records.  Just your own.  That is just not done, Mr. Mister.”
Pavan shuffled behind me, letting out a long, slow breath.  Behind her, somewhere, a file fell from someone’s desk.
“Ma’am,” I said, then looked down at her name plaque, “Ms. Leonard, I’m not looking for his bank records or driving record or lab results.  Just a phone number or an address.”
“I can’t do that.”
“Jeez, can you maybe give him my number?  Then urge him to call me?”
“No.”
“Please?”
“No, I'm sorry.  We're not Facebook now, Mr. Mister.  We don't make 'connections' or whatever it is you all do with it.”
This time Pavan let out a strange whistle-whimper.  He mumbled something and I heard his faint, strained voice half-say and half-sing: "Take!"
In the back, a pencil or pen holder tipped over, somewhere behind the stacks of paper, loudly scattering to the floor.
I pushed my adversary, despite the brick wall she was throwing up.  It seemed she had her little piece of power, her modicum of authority in this world and by-god she was going to wield it.
“I know this is an office brimming with Respect, capital ‘R’," I said.  "But I’m having a hard time believing you are being fair now.  It’s important, like earth-shatteringly important, that I speak with him!”
Ms. Leonard touched something in her hair, at the scalp and stiffened.  She started to say something, and then stopped.
“I can’t help you, Mr. Mister.”
He couldn’t hold it in anymore: Pavan broke.  He barked out, “Take!" 
Turning to leave, I said: “Don’t mind him.”
"These broken wings!!”
“It’s time for his afternoon coffee enema,” I said, pushing the door open, waving my friend out.  “He gets like this.”
“And learn to fllyyyy again!”
Before the door closed behind us, we both heard one of the giant stacks of paper collapse with a crash and scatter to the floor.
Once out of earshot, we both howled with laughter as we crossed the campus to the Chemistry building.  Pavan punched the air, still laughing, which drew a frown from a small group of students who clutched their books as they slid by.
"You're a fucked up dude, Dexter, and I love ya for it!"
"Well, it's nice to be appreciated."
The sun was starting to dip and the temperature felt like it had dropped ten degrees since we’d gone into the administration building.  Picking up the pace a little, I felt myself move more confidentially.  My strides felt more sure and I needed the map less, as if I'd settled into a shallow, invisible groove that had been carved by my own footballs, years earlier, and hundreds of times before.
I was remembering.
Inside the Chem building, there were a few scattered students, perched on the ledges of the giant dusty widows that capped the staircases on each of the structure’s three floors.
Jepson’s old classroom was on the second floor.  It seemed fruitless to even bother seeking it out, he was no longer there, but now that my mental spillway was breached, the sight of the classroom might force a crack or fissure and help me better remember the man.
Sure, it was all I really had, but the feeling my answers would come from my old professor was tangible, even tactile, like I could reach out and grab it.
The door was locked and the light was off but there was enough sun still streaming in that Pavan and I could see most of the classroom through the skinny window in the door.
My friend asked about the class, what it was like, where I sat.  This, so far, escaped me.
“You forget something inside?”
Looking over my shoulder, I saw a man in his fifties, graying at the temples but sporting an impressive, huge, jet black mustache.  He smiled and tapped some keys at his belt-line.
“I’ve got a key to all the rooms on this floor.  You leave something on your desk?”
Choosing not to concoct a big story because, in part, it takes so much to maintain whopper lies like that, I explained this had been my old classroom.
Mustache-man popped open the door and hit the lights.
The moment I was inside, the soft lines around the room hardened, as information about this room, the students, course materials, drizzled back into their empty slots.
Pavan asked, “You okay, man?”  
Looking down, I saw my fingertips pressing against one of the desks, as I steadied myself a little.
One, two, three...
“There,” I said and smiled, letting him know I was all right.  “I sat there.”
The man who'd let us in the room introduced himself as Professor Marsh.  He walked up next to me.
“Couldn’t have been too long ago,” Marsh said.  “I thought you guys were both students.  When did you go to the school?”
“About six years ago, now.”
Wow, I thought.  Has it been six years!
Pavan said: “I didn’t go here.  Me, I’m still undeclared, yet.  Still looking for the right fit, you know?”
“Sure, naturally," Marsh said.  "Do you know you have staples in your hair?”
“Yes, I do.”
Sitting down in my old desk, I could almost see my old professor at the front of the class.  Most of the class was lecture-- he’d been notorious for not writing things down so note taking was a must for just about every student.
Within the first week of class, he'd singled me out having noticed I wasn't actually taking notes.  I'd been writing in my notebook, but mostly it was random, abstract doodling.
This had initially drawn a scowl from him.  After peppering me with questions for about fifteen minutes-- everyone in class slowly realizing that I'd done something to incur the professor's apparent wrath-- he finally stopped, nodded.
"Good," was all he'd said, then smiled.  When some kid from Texas asked what "that was all about", Professor Jepson shrugged and said every student should be expected to know the material, at all times.  He cast a quick, private glance at me and nodded and, surprisingly, he made no mention of what had triggered our little tete-a-tete.  
Jepson never exposed my secret to the other class members.
“He used to walk between the door and his desk,” I said and raised a hand toward where the American flag was hanging.  “It used to be over there.”
“Who was your teacher?”
“Professor Jepson.  He’d walk between the desk and the door like he was stalking his prey,” I said and Marsh smiled.  “A lion in a tweed jacket and elbow patches hunting our imagination.  He loved to really get us going.”
“Students still talk about him,” he said, grinning again. “He was only here a few short years but, no question; he left his mark on this place.  A good one, too.”
Marsh perked up suddenly and he walked over to a long table, covered with books, and knickknacks.  Scanning the table, he said, “I came here shortly after he left-- in fact, I had to pick up a couple of his classes that were left without a teacher.  Ah!  You'll love this!”
Carefully, Marsh lifted a figure about the side of his forearm from the table.  Wire glasses, pot belly and one of the likely only two shirts and tie combos Professor Jepson ever wore.
“You remember this?”  Funny question but Marsh didn’t know it.  I hadn’t told him about the accident or the holes in my past.
Pavan was trying to reassemble a model of a molecule he’d managed to take apart farther down the table and looked up.  He said, “Wow, voo-doo cool!”
I said, “Ha! That looks like him, too.” 
It was a papier-mâché likeness of Jepson.  Not bad either.  Holding it, it seemed unnaturally weighted for papier-mâché.
“Heavy.”
“Oh, shoot.  Forgot,” he said and pointed to an indentation in the doll’s back.  “He had a good sense of humor about himself, obviously, because he recorded that for a student.  Hit the button, there.”
The soft patch of paper moved down about a half inch, and I felt it click.
“I am prepared and I am armed with chalkboard erasers, students.  Are you ready for this?”
Marsh said, “A senior explained it to me and said Jepson was known for nailing sleeping students with er-- are you okay?”
In the distance, I heard Pavan’s voice: “Hey, man.  Dex!”
What had been a trickle of memories earlier was now a flood.
My vision went black.  
The roar in my head, louder and louder and more gritty the longer it went on and the sensation of falling, nothing beneath my feet.
Flash, a bolt of lightning.
Images and sound and words and colors and light came at me so fast, it was too much and I struggled to suck in a breath, filling instead with sights and smells and, especially, the music of some coked out, incoherent symphony that scratched and banged against their instruments, playing no music but this throbbing chaos.
Laughing at a coffee shop, throwing a football on a wide expanse of grass, jumping into the Chattahoochee, so much movement and noise, and it kept coming and coming at me.
“Dexter!”
It felt as though my brain was melting, gushing out my ears.
Images whirled by, one encouraged by the next, I know the way, flooding back to me.
“I am prepared and I am armed with chalkboard erasers, students.  Are you ready for this?”
Jepson’s voice rattled around my head and I looked down to the wheel, gripping it, white knuckled with one hand.  
"Are you ready..?"
My other, pressing something against my head.  Was I bleeding?
In the mirror, I saw my eyes, wide, crazed and beyond that, the windshield flooded by the downpour.
Suddenly, I was driving again, all those years ago.
Into the mobile phone at my ear, I shout, “Professor?  I can’t-- I can’t talk right now the storm--”
“Dexter, there’s no time,” he says, and sound and light split the sky, I feel like I’d been electrocuted.  “They... damn, they’ve found me, Dexter.”
I blink away the rain.  “What?  Who found you, Professor?”
“It shouldn’t be this way,” he yells over the storm, as fire-red taillights blaze across the glass in front of me.
“Sir, I can’t... I need to call you when we’re off the interstate, it’s too--”
“Dexter, listen!”  I’ve never heard him yell.  And, more terrifying, I’ve never heard that tone before in his voice.  He's scared.  “They’re here for it, but they won’t find it.  They’ll never find it.  But that doesn’t mean the rest of the world shouldn’t know it.  It’s... it should be for the world, not for them!”
A truck blasts its air horn at someone to my left.  I can't see either vehicle.
“Professor?  What’s-- what’s wrong?”
There is a crack again but this time it was tinny, thinner than I’d remembered when the dream had come before.  
“Christ, they’re shooting out the lock.”
“What??”  I swerve to avoid a truck and its wandering trailer.  "Who's shooting?
Another crack and he says: “No time.  Dexter, you told me what you can do and... it shouldn’t be this way!  But, I have no choice.  It can’t be lost forever.”
“Professor!  Professor, who’s shooting at you?”
“No.  Dexter, please.  This is all that matters: please listen closely.”
For the next half minute, half decade, or half century, I'm listening-- real time, hyperaware and in the moment, taking it all in, as strange as it was, I'm listening intently-- but most of the words that he wants me to hear do not entirely make sense. A jumble of phrases that, wait!, sound like--
That’s when the crash came.
Reds and silvers and, then, black darker than the void of space and cracks of light that splintered glass into my mind.  
I heard the scream.
It wasn’t the Professors.  It wasn't mine.
I heard my sister Ruthie.  I heard Ruthie's terrible, terrible scream.

“DUDE, YOU ARE FREAKING me the fuck out!!”
Pavan’s face filled my eyes as I opened them, in my ears a jingling like a ringing was coming closer.
He blinked and looked up then back down at me.
“Are you back?  Are you okay, man?”
Nodding hurt my head, and I said, “Yeah.  Yeah, man.  Blacked out, I think.”
Professor Marsh burst into the room with a woman carrying a black, soft sided bag.  Before I could say a word, she was kneeling at my side, lighting shining in my eyes, eye to eye, eye to eye.
“Hi, how are you feeling?  How’d the head, Mr--”
Pavan said, “Dexter.  My friend’s name is Dexter.”
“You okay, Dexter?”
Sitting up, I left a damp patch on the tiled floor and felt cold.  My body was wet, my sides streamed with cold droplets.
“Easy, easy,” she said.  “You worked yourself into a sweat here.  Are you epileptic, Dexter?”
“No,” I said, not moving much more.  Close to a migraine.
“Okay,” she said, turning to Marsh. “No medical bracelet and getting fine pupil response.  Can you tell me what happened?”
Marsh and Pavan filled her in while I tried to stop the Earth from moving from side to side.  Once the school medical assistant was satisfied, she told me to go straight to the emergency room to get checked out.
As she left, I smiled at my friend.
“She was pretty.”
Pavan, still shaken, said, “You were all Linda Blair and shit for a minute, man.  Shaking and stiff at the same time.”
“Gave us a scare, Dexter.  Has that ever happened before?”
I shrugged but said nothing.  For months after the accident, my head injuries had taken time to heal and there had been a couple episodes.  But, I'd learned to control them because they'd always lead with the onset of a migraine.
Just nip that in the bud and, for years now, I'd been okay.
Until today.
The episode had ripped away some callus or retaining wall, whatever, and it was all coming back-- a steady stream now in dribbles and bursts.  Still, it was too much at once.  I was struggling a little with holding it all in place, making sense of it.
Taking a breath, I calmed myself, and let the memories wash back over me.  Most of it was a jumbled cacophony of sensations, but I could feel it begin to slowly settle in place.  Like custom marbles for some mental Chinese Checkers board… just all rolling around until they find their exact, cozy little spot.
“Listen guys,” Professor Marsh said, “My office is on the next hall.  In the back storage area, there’s a cot where I take naps between classes sometimes. If you want--”
Holding my hands up, I said, “Very cool of you, but no, I’m good. Thanks, though.”
As I stood, the dream sloughed off me faster, and I took another couple deep breaths.
I assured Marsh-- and my friend-- that the episode was over and left me no worse for the wear.  Still, the Professor's face was tense, pained.   
Knowing a hell of a lot about guilt, I made sure he knew he'd done nothing wrong.  It was on me: just my wiring.  
Then I had a thought, “You didn't say what you were a professor of, professor.”
“Chemistry, biology.  But mostly Chem.”
Before the crash, before my sister’s scream, Jepson had me listen to this odd, long list of... well, facts, sort of.  No, more like a sequence, all strung together for some purpose.  
A lot of it was jumbled, but I told it to Marsh-- at least the part I could recall at the moment.
“It’s some sort of process or formula, I think.  I’m not sure.”
He frowned and a crease formed between his eyebrows. 
He said, “Hmm.  Do you remember more of it?  It’s hard to tell exactly what you’re talking about...”  I shook my head (Oh, and regretted that, as the pain spiked at me).  He added: “Sounds like part of a recipe for some sort of hydration process.”
“You mean like water?”  Pavan said, wanting to be a part of the cool science conversation.  
“Yes, could be,” Marsh said taking a professorial tone now.  “A big part of the problem with post-surgery and even long term illness can be simple hydration."  He stopped, tapping his lip.  "You'll also have to consider, Dex, that in the jumble you may be hearing your doctor's words after the accident.  His instructions to you, keep hydrated.  And for whatever reason your brain is putting your old professor's face on it."
I nodded and said, "I hadn't thought of that."
Pavan chimed in, “So, that… it's not the cure for cancer?”
Marsh laughed.  “No, sorry.  But, Dex, I am worried about your episode here.  I can recommend a good doctor to take a look at you, or if you just want to talk… free to ring me up.”  He took a step to the table.  “There should be a pen around here, I can write my number down.”
I smiled and said, “Nah, It's just a number.  I can remember that simple enough.”
A few minutes later, we said our goodbyes to the professor and traced our steps back to the car.  
I took a few moments to try and put some of the pieces in place, but my mind kept coming back to the sequence Jepson had given me.  It seemed…
Out of the corner of my eye, I watched Pavan glance around the campus and wondered what he was thinking.  He'd been such a good friend, never complained, despite this little adventure being my adventure, my problem.  Still, he's right there walking beside me.
"You're a good friend, Pavan."
A big smile pulled across his face and he nodded.  He said, "You making some sense of it, now?"
I breathed out, sighing.  "Trying.  The sequence is stuck rolling around my head, but Marsh might be right.  I could be jumbling it with what the doctor said when I'd recovered after the accident."
"Makes sense, I guess."
Looking up, I saw Pavan's car in the student lot, now half empty.
"Sorry I scared ya, man."
"Nah, I'd seen seizures before, just worried about you."
"How long was I out?"
"Uh," he said and blinked slowly.  He was tired.  Hadn't smoke a joint in more than an hour.  Must be exhausting for him.  "Maybe ten or fifteen seconds."
I stopped.  "Really?  That quick?"
"Yep.  Quick, and scary as a motherfucker to watch."
"And," I said, "In ten or fifteen seconds you told him I'd been in the accident?  Maybe to explain the seizure, I guess.  But, in ten or fifteen sec--"
"No," Pavan said and started walking toward the car again.  "Come on, man.  I got a doobie in the car that's getting stale."
I stood for a moment, then followed.  I said, "You didn't tell him about my accident?"
"No."
"How'd he know… then?  You sure, Pavan?"
Still walking, man on a mission, he called back over his shoulder.  "I dunno.  I don't think so.  I may have said something but, you know, that's your business.  Not my place."
"But, how--?"
Like a cat, Pavan quickly opened the door, climbed over the passenger seat and within seconds I saw a small flame light his face.
And when he exhaled, the massive cloud that rose from the car may have actually hastened global warming by a three years.
My mind went back to my unanswered question: But, how…?

MARSH ENTERED HIS OWN classroom and closed the door.  Putting his hand up to his chest, he rifled through his desk drawer for some antacid.
As he searched, he dialed the phone.
A voice on the other end, said: “Yes?”
Professor Marsh found the packet and said, “He remembers.  He remembers the procedure.  Just one part of it right now, it seems, but it’s coming back.”
“Are you sure?  You’re sure?”
“Yes, I’m sure, goddammit.  It worked, okay?  You all were right: Eller was too arrogant to let it die with him, so he told the kid.  He knew the kid wouldn't ever have to write it down.”
“Incredible.”
“Well, this is what you wanted,” Marsh said and plopped the fizzing tablets into an empty glass.  “Bring him in.  Do it now.”

SURPRISINGLY, THE HEADACHE FADED fast but when it did I became very aware of how much my entire body ached.  It’s like when you get one of those awesome sneezes, you feel like you’ve blown yourself back in time, and when you just want to sit and bask in the wonder of it all, fat nerves around your body, every inch, raise up and seem to stop mid-throb and everything is sore and tight.
I had no intention of going to get poked and prodded at the urgent care.  I still had burns under my legs from volcano gases, burst capillaries from nearly drowning and nerve and muscle damage from electrocuting myself.
Body aches were nothing at this point.
Still, I could feel the memories filtering back-- not quite the flood but certainly no trickle-- and, more importantly, each seemed to be slowly settling into its place: tinkle-tick, tinkle-tick.
Pavan was hungry and I had an idea about a quick stop to see a friend downtown.  At the Network Center, we tackled both.
In the atrium, the food court of the Net Center is geared toward tourists who are visiting the Zoo or Centennial Olympic Park downtown.  It’s also aggressively supported by a staff of more than a thousand coffee-addicts and sandwich junkies who work on the floors above at the News Network.
At the sorta-Greek place Pavan got a gyro after finally working out how to say "falafel" without laughing hysterically.  I asked the nice man with hound-dog eyes behind the counter to double the order and I paid for both.
“Hey man, you don’t have to do that.  I got dough.”
“My treat, no biggie man.  I owe you much more than that.”
My friend took a moment to process what I’d said and, whether he understood completely what I’d meant, he smiled and nodded.
After he’d taken a huge, unnaturally huge, bite of his gyro, he asked about my friend who worked upstairs.
“Can I meet the hot anchor babe who does the morning show?”
“She's at the sister network.”
“What?  Sister network?  They've got a black lady channel in this building, too?”
“They-- no.  What are you talki--?"
"Oh, I've got a touch of the Jungle Fever, Dexter!" Pavan said taking a massive bite out of his falafel.  "I didn't even know she was black.  Oooo, sexy sister!"
"Put more food in so you stop talking, please," I said.  "I said she works for the sister network-- It's like the news-lite channel.  We're going to the other one."  He was a bit obsessed, but, I couldn't fault him for his fascination with her-- the woman was gorgeous.
If my friend were around, I just wanted to ask if she knew anything about the piece they did on Marion Bluth, the titular second half of Solomon-Bluth.
The guard at the security desk sent an email “upstairs” to see if my friend was around.
“You don’t have an appointment?”
“Do you make an appointment when you go see your friends”
He shrugged me off.
A moment later, his head snapped to the screen and he told me to stand for a picture for my temporary visitor’s badge.
By the time Karen Wainscott drifted downstairs, Pavan was on his third attempt to get a picture where he didn’t make a face, close his eyes or give some sort of finger gesture.
“Dex,” she said smiling, but her eyes were more guarded.  She searched my face.  “Oh my Gooooddd!”  
I couldn’t help myself; I laughed out loud, remembering that when she was happy or surprised she’d sing the last word of that phrase.  It was nice to see her but, selfishly, I was happy because up until that moment, that memory-- “Oh my Gooodddd!!”-- had been buried for more than two years.
Simply put, I was happy to have another small piece of my clunk back into place.
Hugging her, I whispered, “You look fat.”
She snapped her head back, and I thought tears would fall from her eyes at that instant.
“Oh, oh... oh, Dex,” she said, her face finally lighting up, her eyes smiling.  “You remember me now?   Really?”
“Karen, I remembered you before.”
Pavan finally got his badge and stuck it to his shirt.  Karen led us toward a long escalator after I’d made proper introductions.  In the safety of the elevator, she spun toward me.  Then, gave me a crooked smile.
“You, mister, remember!  Oh, tell me, tell me, tell me!”
“Just a matter of time, man.”
She leaped at me and hugged me around the neck.  Pavan gave me a glance, popped his eyebrows.
No, we’d never been like that. But, we’d been close.  From what I did remember, she’d come from one of the tiny states in the northeast-- Delaware, Rhode Island, something like that, it hadn’t all come back yet-- and in Atlanta, she’d felt a bit swallowed up.
We’d met in Freshman English, and quickly became pretty good friends.  When either of us would be heading out on a date, she or I (the memory was becoming clearer and clearer) would send a picture from our phone to the other with the caption, “How do I look?”
Invariably, the answer was: “You look fat.”
Oddly, that line calmed the dater’s nerves a little, we’d both once admitted to each other.  So it soon became our everyday greeting.
I’d not remembered it again, for years, until that moment.
“We just got through the staff meeting, and we’re putting together the show.”
“Shit, is this a bad time?”
“No, no.  The Line Producer has to stack it and we take the stories we’re assigned and segment produce.  It’ll be another half hour before I’ve got to start thinking about my bit.  You wanna quick tour?”
I shook my head.  “Nah, but I was hoping you could give me the thumbnail sketch on a piece you did about a charity.  Solomon-Bluth.”
The doors parted and we stepped onto the fifth floor.  Weaving through video editing bays the size of small walk-in closets, one by one in succession along the walls, we crossed another threshold and she pulled us toward the newsroom.
“Yeah, not us.  That was the 10 o’clock show.  They had the G.A. reporter work up a piece for part of a theme week we had about real-life Superheroes.”
“Real-life Superheroes? Ick.”
Shrugging, she said: “It was a sponsored series, D-man.  A lot of 'news' gets done that way now.”  Back at Sci-Cad, Karen had a cooler-than-you habit of often using a person’s first initial when talking with them.  It seems she held onto that even years later.
“Did you see the piece?”
“Actually, yeah.”  Once away from the low ceilings of the editing bays, we crossed over a common area, and into the newsroom.  There were more televisions hanging on the wall than during a Best Buy superstore Black Friday sale.  Each tuned to a different network, around the world.
Overhead, an “all call” (as she described) was pointing out the various channels around the world, camera feeds from around the country, that might be due special attention because they were airing material relating to a top story-- or a potential newsmaker.
Rows upon rows upon rows of computer monitors, each broken up into “National,” “Regional,” “International” and others.  Karen worked for one of the day side shows, the last that broadcasted out of Atlanta before the handover to the Washington, D.C. studios.
“The hard part is finding a way to do the stories everyone else did all day a little differently.”
“Do people normally watch all day?  That'd probably put someone in a depression coma.” I said. “So, you spend a lot of time changing something most people haven't seen, then?”
She reached for me again, hugged my waist.  
“Oh my goooddd!”  She squeezed me.  “I’m so happy my Dexter friend is back from his extended vacation!”
She stopped at her station, but I couldn’t help but suddenly feel stupid.
“If I just said something dumb, ignore me.  I'll blame it on my brain injury."
She plopped into her chair and barely got a raised eyebrow from the person right next to her at the next station.
“No, not at all,” she said, and pointed a finger at me, grinning.  “But that sort of thinking is why you don’t have any chance in TV.”
Pavan, who’d been enamored with all the monitors and lights and pretty girls, broke from his spell and glared at her.  
“Fuck it, this is all bullshit anyhow.”
Karen’s eyes widened and she smiled again, raised both hands.  
“Exactly, P-man,” she said, smiling.  “Exactly.  So please leave your logical talk at the security desk, puh-leeze!”
My best guess, I’d scared the shit out of my friend when I’d collapsed at the university.  Still a bit wobbly, maybe he felt it his job to protect me a little.  
Karen had a few words with a violent-looking woman with jet-black hair, who looked as though she may have killed the very animals that made up the fabric of the clothes she’d put on  that morning.  I caught a momentary glare from her and knew that our visit would have to be short.
She did a quick search at her work station, and a minute later the laser printer at the end of the row came to life.
“Here’s the transcript,” Karen said, handing me two sheets of paper with small type.  “You could watch the piece if we had an open computer but you’ll get the same thing from that.”
“This is great,” I said, choking a bit on my words.  With the memories, the emotions came back too.   Those seemed harder to compartmentalize but it was nice to feel, I dunno, love from people I used to know.  Connection.  It was something that I’d mostly forgotten mattered to me.
“I scanned it as it was printing.  Nothing special there, I don’t think,” she said.  “But who knows maybe you’ll see something.  The questions were all softballs and the ‘in depth’ reporting meant they’d interviewed more than one person, I suppose.  But, like I said, it was light programming, not an investigation.”  
“Who is the Solomon of Solomon-Bluth?  Another fat cat?”
She stuck her tongue out and said, “No.  As in Solomon, he of the cut-the-baby-in-half logic.  It’s supposed to be wisey, I suppose.”  She then glared at me.  “Hey, why are you asking?  Should there be an investigation?  Does someone need to revisit Solomon-Bluth, D?”
“No, I don’t think so.  Just looking for a guy who, uh, might work for them.  Fishing expedition.”
“Oh, so mysterious!  But, I gotta get on my bit here sooner than I thought.  They've got me doing a pre-interview because we're short staffed again,” she said as I finished up reading the transcript.  She was right, nothing there.  “Gimme a buzz when you come out next time and we can at least have lunch or something.”
“No,” I said, putting the sheets down on her desk.  “My bad for not calling you ahead of time.”
“Do you even remember the number?”  She said and laughed.
It was my turn to raise my hands, and I then held them toward her, bear-hugging her head as she sat there.”
“Seriously, you are awesome and--”
Behind us a warm voice said: “Of course she is!”
Karen straightened a bit, then stood a little quicker than I thought possible.  
She said, “Dr. Patel, you didn’t have to come down here.  I would have--”
“No, no,” he said.  “I just wrapped up a surgery down the street and, you know, that tiny, tiny work, the surgery, I could use a macro-view, you know, of the newsroom.  It’s like a domed football arena with all these smart people, working hard to make people like me look smart.”
He grinned and Karen blushed.  Oh my goodddddd.
Instantly, I’d recognized him as the network's TV doctor.  Fit, charming, pleasant and used to talking to people like they were all middle-schoolers.  Given your average TV viewing audience, that probably was appropriate.
Pavan recognized him, too, and asked: “Oh, shit!  You’re Doctor Patel?  I’ve seen you on my tee-vee!”
“Yes, I’m sorry for most of it.”
“No, you are cool, man!”
Patel shot a glance at Karen but wasn’t being unkind or elitist.
“Thank you, I appreciate that,” he said to Pavan, then to Karen: “You want to go over that research segment really quick?”
“The coffee-breast cancer stuff, sure, yes.  Right now.”
That, obviously, was our cue to leave.
Pavan reached out and shook Karen’s hand, then with TV’s Dr. Patel, he’d given him the two-handed shake.
“A pleasure to meet you, tee-vee doctor.”
“Yes, absolutely.”
“You need to do more stories about the health benefits of pot,” Pavan said, unabashed.
Patel took it in stride, unfazed, and said to Pavan: “Maybe I can get some of your data-- you look like you've done a fair bit of independent research already."
"Nah," Pavan gave him the poker face and said, "You'll have to wait until I publish.  Read it in the journal, TV doctor."
I thought Karen was going to implode, drawn in by a singularity of infinite fear and embarrassment, but Dr. Patel eased the moment by bursting with a laugh that rattled off every wall in the newsroom.
"Holy cow, I love that!" He gripped Pavan's shoulder, grinning.
Pavan smiled back. "I'll be honest-- I don't know what that even means, really.  Heard it on CSI Miami or something."
Before my friend could say anything more, I grabbed his other shoulder and turned him away from the desk, began to walk away.
“Hey, thanks, Karen.”
With her terror moment quickly dissipated, she leaped up and hugged me.  And I loved it.  
I'd been put in an induced coma after the accident because of my injuries.  Woke up after nearly a week, but now, all these years later, it was like finally really coming out of that coma.
Every good emotion sort of floored me, like a muscle just now getting its range-of-motion.  
But, it wasn't lost on me: unquestionably the bad emotions, the hard memories, were just waiting somewhere up in the rafters of my mind.  Just waiting.
As we began to walk, a thought struck me.  I spun back and asked the “tee-vee doctor” if he knew much about hydration procedures or research, that sort of thing.
“Well,” he said, interest piqued.  “Yeah, sure.  I’m a surgeon and post-op recovery and care can be as important as the surgery itself.  Why?”
I gave him a line about a friend at Sci-Cad working on a re-hydrating procedure, then asked if he’d give me a thought on the half-sequence I could remember.  I repeated to Dr. Patel the same thing Professor Marsh had heard an hour earlier.
He asked me to repeat it as he pulled out a pad of paper, making some notes, organizing his thoughts.
“Huh, you have me at a disadvantage.  I don’t see… Are you sure that’s right?”
“Well, that’s just the first part of it, but it should be right.  I’ve got a pretty good memory for the things I’m told.”
Seeing that Patel was interested, Karen chimed in: “Oh, hell.  Dexter hasn't forgotten anything he’s ever been told!"  She glanced at me with a wink.  "At least, not permanently.  If he says that’s what he heard, he heard that.”
I smiled at Karen and started to apologize, I'd only had a scrap of the whole thing, when Dr. Patel stopped me midsentence.
Patel interrupted, his eyes fixed on what he'd written down: “No, it’s clear what the process is trying to achieve. And, I'll be honest, it's unique.  Fascinating.  This… this part, wow, that's really kinda genius.  Who did you say is working on this?”
My voice caught in my throat for a moment but I forced it out, forced myself to calm: “A friend.  Chem professor.  Working on a hydra--”
“Yeah, you said that, but... well, that’s not hydration process.  Did he say that?”
“No.  No, actually.”
“Looks like you may have forgotten something you’ve heard after all,” the doctor said playfully and grinned at Karen, who blushed.  “That’s not hydration. What you’re talking about, that’s gene therapy.”
“Gene therapy?”
“Yeah and, wow, your friend may be onto something,” he said lost, muttering as he manipulated the paper in his hand, jotting more notes. “Yeah, not remotely hydration.  No question it’s gene manipulation.”
“Okay, I... I’m not sure--”
Patel laughed.  “How old is your friend?  Is this a personal project?”
“Why?  I don’t--”
Patel turned the paper toward me, where he’d made quick notes on the sequence I’d given him.  In true form, I couldn’t read a word of what the doctor had written.
“It’s seems to be a cocktail of processes to affect gene presentation-- hormonal manipulation, monoclonal antibody therapies and, ha, a clump of stuff I can’t get my head around yet.  One part here, he's using the binding to give off false-positive states which, um, sort of overclocks the activator protein--" Patel stopped, blinked like he was coming back from somewhere else, and smiled sheepishly.  "Uh, sorry, it's just this…. Dexter this is out there.  You sure you don’t remember the rest?  Is it completed?”
“No, I... what did you say that sequence did?”
“Oh,” Patel said, rolling his eyes.  He blushed and laughed again.  “I’m sorry.  It’s to fight off cell degeneration. Permanently. Keep them intact.”  Our blank faces asked the question we hadn’t.  “That process you have, at least what I can infer from it, if it’s completed... it sets up a process to, in a nutshell, switch off the aging gene.”
“Switch it off?”
“Sure,” Patel said and pocketed his notes.  “Sounds crazy, but I think you’ve got a part of what ol’ Ponce de Leon died searching for.”
Impossible.  I didn’t understand.
Patel added-- sure, in his dramatic TV way, but still he actually seemed a bit shaken himself-- “You have, essentially, a crack in the door there.  It's the opening stages of a treatment that... well, would stop you from getting old.  Gene therapy synonymous with the fountain of youth.”
“That's not possible, though.  Right?"
The part-time brain surgeon, part-time television personality stood up from his seat at the edge of my friend’s desk.  He put both hands on my shoulders.
"I'd love to talk to your friend, if I could.  This…"
"Well, he… I don’t-- I can’t...”
 “Dexter, if he's really worked out this sequence, and it can be implemented real-world… this is beyond Nobel Prize.  You’d change the world with something like that.”
If The Mentor's employer was after this, after Jepson/Eller's formula, there would be no way in hell this was some philanthropic venture.  Not these guys.
“What if you... didn’t give it to the world?”  I asked.  “Kept it to yourself, a secret.”
“Well, people would begin to ask questions when you started outliving your great-great-great grandkids?”  He saw that I wasn’t smiling and his face lost all humor.  “You're asking… if someone kept this for themselves?”
I hesitated, but Pavan jumped in: “Okay, so maybe like a small group of someones. Crazy-rich, powerful people.”
Patel nodded, looked between us.  This time, the smile-- even the fake television one-- was long gone from his face.
“What's this about, guys?"
I softened the question: "As a thought experiment. We're not talking illuminati shit, err, stuff here.  Just what if a small group had something like you're describing?"
Someone across the room called for Patel.  He nodded at them, and he slowly headed their way.
My friend and I were all silent, waiting for him to articulate the words… but both already knew the answer.
As he walked away, this is what he said:
“Well, I’m not a fan of hyperbole, but...  powerful people with big bank accounts and near immortality?  They’d rule the world.”

I'D PROMISED KAREN THE next time we had a chance to laugh over the old times there would be plenty of warning before my visit.  I’d make an “appointment” to see my busy friend.  Fine by me.  She was worth it.
When we’d gotten to the bottom of the stairs, Pavan made a beeline for the bathrooms, pushing past the bums and news vets who’d spent the afternoon sneaking sips of vodka out of Deer Park water bottles.
Despite the TV doctor's ominous prognosis, I felt good.  And it was the first time in a long time it seemed like the truth to say that. 
We'd found what they were after and a small part of how yours truly played a part.  I was getting my hands back on the steering wheel in my own life.
Well, maybe a couple fingers.  But it was a strong start.
On the wall opposite the security desk, there was a pictorial history of the network, and I traced its thirty year history as I waited for my friend.
Looking down the wall, at first, when I saw her, it didn’t register I was looking at her.  She was just another pretty girl, very pretty, that I’d steal some glances at, as I waited.
What triggered me, I’m sure, was that she was staring intently at me. Strange.  At some point, it seemed my Sorority She-Ra had tried to be a ghost, her surveillance of me, a secret. Hidden in shadows, beneath dashboards or in the company of fictional friends out for a night.
My heart pressed against my throat, as she held my eyes.  Mesmerizing. Then, the moment I realized that was the point...
“Hello, Dexter!”
It was no use running, and, in truth, as I turned, I suppose the wasp sting on my arm was no surprise at all.  It was only a matter of time.
I said to my tormentor, “I bet you don’t get invited to many parties.”
A deep voice said, “We gonna say hurtful things, now?” 
My head swam and the most pressing thought I held as I slipped into the black, The Mentor and his supermodel sidekick each taking an arm, I hoped to god Pavan was taking his time unloading his gyro and would be a while in the john.
Because, I couldn't allow anyone else I cared about getting hurt because of me.
This was my fight.  Live or die, this was my fight. 

~~~



Chapter Twenty-three

Waking up, the familiar drug haze pressing on my mind, I had to pry my eyes open.  
Would there be sharks?  Zulu warriors with poisonous spears?  Giant, spinning blades falling from the sky?
My hands were bound and eyes were covered.  Strange as it may sound, that was actually comforting.  Can't hope to fight off a piranha bath in this condition, surely.
A dull hum around me settled down and, while my inner ear told me I was moving, my nostrils placed a heavy bet on leather upholstery being nearby.  I’d been tossed into the back seat of a car.  
"He" was driving, this I knew, because the smell of his sweat was unmistakable.  Not unhealthy, in fact-- maybe too healthy.  Smelled like a 24-hour gym: sweat, bare concrete and bleach.  Yeah.  That was about right.
“She” said something to him, muttering, and I knew they were together.  My Sorority She-Ra and The Mentor, of course, worked for the same folks.  
But, I had a new piece now.  Professor Jepson had worked for Solomon-Bluth-- more likely a larger group, it appears-- and was terrified enough of them to blow his own his research facility to high hell and fake his death.
He'd said to me on that horrible night: They’re here for it, but they won’t find it.  They’ll never find it.  But that doesn’t mean the rest of the world shouldn’t know it.  It’s… it should be for the world, not for them.
He found something for them, but realized almost too late it couldn't be theirs to have.
What do you get for the man or woman who's got everything?  
Wealth, power, everything.
The only thing that eludes them?
Time.
Sure, most of the world’s wealthiest don’t likely have dark designs, secret science labs and abductor-ninjas on their payroll.  
However, it seemed my new circle of anonymous BFFs did.  
And if their actions concerning me or my former professor were any indication, ruling the world would only be a part of their game plan.
 In his last moments, Professor Jepson-- the teacher with the squeaky clean chalkboard, the man who never wrote things down-- gave his secret to the one person he'd met who would never have to write it down either.  
A student he'd met with near-perfect audio recall.
My mind snapped back to the present as I was being jostled in the back of an automobile.  But my thoughts lingered for a moment on what Pavan had said back at the campus-- I'd had Jepson for three of my first four semesters? That wasn't an accident.  
Jepson had liked me, sure, I know that.  But he'd kept me close-- judge my character, maybe?  But, more than that.
My guess, he was probably trying to find some way of carefully getting the sequence to the right people.  Those who wouldn't abuse it.  That would take time.
But if, before he accomplished that, his former employer found him instead, they'd never find the sequence because he wouldn't have written it down, instead simply committing it to memory.
He'd discovered the fountain of youth!  Yet, he couldn't tell anyone, for fear that they would get to it before anyone else did.
All of this-- the loss of my Ruthie, my life in ruins, The Mentor's torture-- all of it because of one small fact:
I was simply Jepson's Plan B.
The professor hadn't counted on, how could he?, the accident that would put a blind spot in my mind.  Who knows?  Maybe not being aware of the secret had kept me alive the past few years.  
We hit a pothole and a knock of the car’s frame through the seat brought me back to the present. We were on the interstate, but there wasn’t any indication of where we might be going.
Laying quietly, I listened hoping they'd speak… maybe pick up something they--
"Nice to see you're awake," he said.  For a moment, I played possum.  He sighed and added, "Your breathing changed.  All rushed now.  Stick to what you're good… being all sly and shit, you are not good at that, Dexter."
"What are you doing?" she asked him with an edge to her voice.
That's when I heard The Mentor's breathing change.  Even for someone not "good at it," yep, I picked that one out.
He said back to her, a short laugh, then, "Me and Dex, we go way back, I’m just trying--"
"Well, don't.  The less you flap your fucking gums the better."
"Listen," he said, calmly (I had learned with this man, that is not a good thing).  "You and me, we ain't friends.  I don't care what your last name is and I sure as hell don't care for you telling me how to conduct my business."
She huffed.  "You called that business?  If that--"
Clak, something in the front seat took a hit.  My best guess, it was the rear view mirror.  Sort of sounded like a rear view mirror.
"Seriously, little girl.  And, this is the last shred of calm that I have for this endeavor, so don't try me, sister.  You don't tell me how to do my job, and I won't turn you inside out with my free hand.  Trust me, I’ll do it and won’t even swerve," he said.  The silence, then, was pure electricity.  "I am very glad we have an understanding."
We traveled in silence over the next twenty minutes-- only once did I hear him chuckling quietly to himself-- then there was a series of slow, short turns.  The roads got even worse, which told me we were off the interstate.
"Let me off at the gate," she said quietly, but her words were poison-tipped.  "That okay?"
"Yes, glad to be rid of ya."
Less than a minute later, the car crunched to a stop on gravel, a door opened and slammed and we were off again.
My heart picked up its pace a little.  While he was mad at her, he wasn't pointing that anger toward me.  Now, she was gone, I was his only target left.
We'd been on gravel for a few minutes and, incrementally, the drive got more and more choppy.  His window was down, he may have been looking for something, don't know.  But it smelled rank.  Like decay mixed with wet dog.
"Take in that fresh evening air, Dexter," he said, and laughed.  This was a guy who enjoyed his job, no question.  "Who knows, given what’s ahead for you tonight, this may be the last time you get to do that.  So breathe it in, Dex. Breathe deep."
A few minutes later, we stopped, and I heard the window raise, close. 
The driver's side door opened and shut.  Footsteps, moving away from me.  They stopped, then came back.
"We gotta walk a bit but," he said talking through the glass, pausing for a moment, "It's dark, the path here isn't so clear.  And while, hell, you been living that way for a while… Me, I like to see where I’m going."
I yelled back:  "If you want, I can lead the way for you.  You know, if you're scared."
The Mentor laughed.  
"Listen, man, I don't care what you think or whatever comes of tonight.  You probably won't live through it," he said, his voice dimming a little as he got farther and farther away from the car.  "But, let's be clear, you were dead when I met ya.  I was the best thing to happen to you in years."
"Whatever,” I yelled, lying on the backseat, blind and bound.  “You know, I got chlamydia two years ago and--”
“Dexter, what the fu--!"
“And you?  You’re not the best thing to happen to me in years.  You’re a couple fucking notches down from my dick burning when I peed."
He laughed again.  "Man, I will miss you."  His voice getting smaller as he walked into the darkness.  "I really will.  Your hands are tied, the doors can't be opened from inside.  So, sit tight, fat man.  Be right back."
I'd already begun to struggle against the plastic tie around my wrists but doubt slowed me.  Was this another one of his tests?  
Over the next minute, the car got warm quickly with the windows up and I felt sweat raise up on my arms and wrists, maybe they would get slick enough to--
A low clunk made me flinch, then a whoosh! tumbled across my skin, as the cold night air rushed in with the back door now popped open.
Two hands grabbed my feet, yanked me out of the car and I fell to the ground, hard.
"Shit!"
I felt a hand at my face, twisting it upward.  Above me, a wild-eyed, brown face.
"Pavan?"
"Dude, we gotta get the fuck outta here?  Is that big sonovabitch you're guy?" he said, helping me out of the binds on my wrists.  They were like the plastic ties police use and he sliced through with his pocket knife with a quick swipe.
"Yeah," I said, rolling up into a crouch.  "Where'd he go?"
"He went down there," Pavan pointed to the dark.  "Toward the old zoo."
We moved around the back of the car, a black Lincoln and Pavan told me he'd seen me nabbed as he left the bathroom, got the car and was able to follow.  Once he saw what exit they took, he backed off, knowing where they were headed.
Pavan whispered, “We were broke as a kid.  ‘Broker than the Ten Commandments,’ as mama used to say.  So, this place was free until they closed it up.  Maybe because it was free is because why they closed it up.”
"Jesus," I said, trying to get a bead on our surroundings.  "Any animals still here?"
"Maybe squirrels or possums," Pavan said, reeking of dope.  "But years ago, I damn near grew up here with the monkeys and lions and shit.”
In the black ahead of us, I saw movement.  The Mentor was coming back.  Outta time.
"Damn, there he is," I whispered.
"Man oh man oh man."
There was no way we'd out run him.  Not a chance.  And I wasn't going to get my friend hurt.
"Get back to your car and head up the street, wherever, find a pay phone.  Call Detective Clower at the Marietta police department."
"That cop dude, why?"
"Let him know I’m here," I said pushing my friend slowly.  "Go man, or we're both nabbed."
"But--"
"We can't both out run him, no way.  Call Clower, tell him where I am," I said, and choked a little.  "Fuck man, what a rock star.  I can't believe you followed us!"
"All incognito, man," he said, then his smile faltered.  "Come with me, man.  Let's bolt!"
I shook my head.  "No way.  We'd never made it.  I'll get his attention, you get to Clower.  Go!"
Once Pavan had slipped back into the dark brush, I looked up and saw The Mentor heading my way.  Now, I was all for making sure my friend didn't get caught but that didn't mean I would necessarily have to.
Creeping the length of the car, I headed to the front.  The moment he got close enough, he'd see the backseat minus one less me, and I'd be hard pressed to outrun the guy.
Looking down the road, the moon barely helping, and the majority of my vision was hints of the gravel road and empty beer cans and waterlogged cardboard boxes.  These were mostly faded 12-pack beer boxes of the “premium” variety: Busch, Miller, Keystone.  If Hansel and Gretel had been real Germans, they’d have left a path like this into the woods (albeit, with much better beer).
Small rocks sounded like popcorn snaps beneath my shoes, even as I moved as slow as possible.
To my right, the car between me and him, a chain had long given way to either age or the people who'd littered all those empty beer cans everywhere.  It lay, rusted and discarded, in dried out tire tracks that had sliced into a mantle of mud.
Above us, I saw why it was so jet-black dark: the canopy of trees had gotten thick.  The moonlight came in tendrils through rotted-earth air and the branches of dead and dying trees.
I’d read a book some time ago about people who make decisions, take action, in the blink of an eye—not the time it takes to blink, but rather, the moment they blink.  Something inside them weighs the options, the opportunities, the assets and liabilities, and then makes an instant choice in a blink.
Closer now, my tormentor was preoccupied with the phone in his hand as he walked closer.  He didn't strike me as the kind that would be texting his BFF or checking actor Nathan Fillion’s twitter feed.  I was pretty sure he was doing something that would eventually cause me ample amounts of pain, like plugging some coordinates into its GPS for the next "lesson."
Quickly, less nosily, I moved back to the rear of the car and could now hear his footfalls on the gravel.  He was on the road.
Not even fully considering my actions-- blink-- I spun out, rolled forward and used my considerable weight to plow my shoulder hard into the upper right thigh of The Mentor.
The satisfying crack I heard wouldn’t immobilize him but would slow him down for a few seconds.  Momentum propelling me, I spun again as he went down, and my feet came down hard on the flesh of the man beneath me as I ran, but I was not just pumping my legs to get away, I was trying to hurt the son-of-a-bitch.
He'd not said a word but, on the ground beneath my heels for only a second, he finally let out a satisfying "uuunnnffff."
Before he could reach up for me, I rushed into the darkness and out of the light.
Pitch black; still I raced forward sure that the sound of his own footfalls would be on me in a second.  My eyes quickly began to adjust to the night, and it occurred to me that the bright glow from his phone’s screen may have done just the opposite for him.  For a few seconds, maybe, that could give me an advantage… or at least a small chance.
There was a ragged path to my right-- dead grass, dirt and stones-- and I took it.  Ahead, the dark hinted at some light: an odd, vertical pooling of moonlight that looked like I was being watched by a huge, dirty glass eye.
Coming on it fast, some fifty feet away now and my breaths digging deeper into my body, just waiting to feel the steel grip of his fingers at my shoulder blades, I could see on the other side of this glass there was another path, this one much wider and made from concrete.  Terrified, my mind filled with images of visitors, just paper-thin specters forever trotting along as they held hands and corndogs, checking out the zoo animals.  Except, this night these ghosts, indifferent, were looking at me.
I charged toward the glass, closing the distance quickly, my eyes scanned for a break or an open door to take me onto the other side.
Behind me, a fumbling and crash.  The Mentor had leapt up and was pursuing me, but now had fallen or slammed into a tree or row of brush.
My lungs burned hot as I pumped my arms and legs, heading down the path; I didn’t dare turn around, I didn’t dare slow down.  Full sprint with everything I had left.
There!  I could see the moonlight reflecting off small puddles of water on the path just beyond the spider-webbed glass.  Crossing in front of it, on a small, dusty cement ledge, desperately searching for a way to the other side, I only saw holes, the size of angry fists—but nothing I could slip through.
Reaching the end of the ledge— blink— I was leaping, twisting, rolling toward the large dog-eared gap at the top of the Plexiglas where many drunken kids had probably tumbled through over the years as they headed deeper into the zoo.  
My cheap shoes met the wall and I sprung back toward the opening, and hit the gap squarely, then dropped like a rock down onto the other side.  Anticipating a painful crunch of bone, I readied myself and instead rolled from shoulder to back and onto my feet, my legs buckling only slightly as my body folded then sprung open, still moving fast.
On my feet again, my legs felt like springs, I headed upward out of the stone tunneled observation area, and started charging for the top of the wide concrete walkway, but the flash of neoprene body armor to my right prompted my mind to jut left, out of the way of the strike, and I heard the grunt of exertion behind me, then the burst of breath as The Mentor pursued me up the long hill.
Running as hard as I could, faster than my body had ever moved even when I was in better shape, I felt liberated and free and strong, stronger than I’d ever been in my life, and even though I knew now there was no way to escape him, some part of me had beat him, if only for a short time, and most importantly, he knew it.  
It would be short-lived, but I had beaten him.
The first grab at my shoulder I shook off, but I knew it wouldn’t be long.  He’d knocked me off balance and, as tired as he was, maybe winded from my blow on the gravel road, he was still twenty times my physical better and would have me down in seconds.
But, for that short moment, the brief snap of time, I’d beaten the unbeatable.  Something told me, and it rang true to me, this was a first for the cruel fuck.
When, at last, his fists came down hard upon my shoulders, my chest buckled.  I’d not gone down without a damn good fight.
At that moment, as I rolled to the ground, my body bouncing violently off the zoo path's uneven pavement, I heard a horrendous, unnatural sound.  Not just a growl, but a roar, a blood-thirsty call for flesh.
And it hadn’t come from behind me.
My eyes tracked the horizon, looked for any movement.
Disoriented.  Empty cages of rusted iron and Plexiglas to my left and right, dilapidated and in disrepair, ahead and above me, at the top of the hill, racing toward me and my midnight tormentor, together we saw it.
A huge, rumbling beast.  The horrific sight of its gnashing teeth, lit by the moonlight, wrenched my heart into a clenched fist.
Some feral remnant of a forgotten, rundown zoo now wild with fury and bloodlust.
Another crazed, terrifying half-scream, half-growl erupted as the creature rocketed toward us.  Too weak, too battered, I couldn’t even move to escape it.
The Mentor spun in the direction of the creature’s howl.
We were both prey this time, he was trapped alongside me, the beast racing toward us.  With only a quick grunt, he sprinted toward the opening in the glass where we’d both just come through.
Eyes of fire, the creature was racing toward me but I was unsure if I was the chosen dinner or, maybe in my crumpled heap, I’d be spared, the running man instead its prey.
It was only a few seconds later, confused, that I’d heard the odd, incongruous clatter from within the rabid creature’s uneven, panicked pursuit.  
“Raaaaaaaooowrrrrnnnnn”
From the ground, over my shoulder, I saw The Mentor perched at the dog-eared hole in the Plexiglas, unsure to run or to freeze.  
“Raaaaaaannnnommmrrrnnaaaaaaa!”
As the creature rocketed past me, a flash.
Is that… metal?
Clearer from behind, as it charged toward The Mentor, I caught a quick glimpse of the wheels of the hand cart the creature appeared to be holding onto.  The two small ones in front shaking furiously with the speed, the larger rubber wheels in the back more steady on the uneven concrete path.
“Mutherfuckin’ roarrrrrhrrnrnnnnn!”
Pavan.
The crazy son-of-a-bitch had found an old, rusted mover’s dolly, laid it down, and was racing down the hill at a breakneck speed.  For a split second, I envisioned Pavan years ago, bored by trip after trip after trip to the zoo, yet finding some great fun in racing the wheeled dollies to the base of the hills around the many slopes of the state zoo.  
Probably a first though: Pavan had this time slapped on his uncle’s Chupacabra mask.
“Raaaaaaaooowrrrrnnnnn—waaaaaaaa!”
Unable to steer, Pavan roared past The Mentor, rattling and rocketing up the next hill, and after a sudden, brief silence-- the length of the time the dolly had hung in the air-- he disappeared over the hill and there was a deep splash as he landed into the swollen creek on the other side.
This was my window, and jumping up, I ran after him hoping to hit the water, too, not only my ticket to escape, but if he’d been knocked unconscious in the fall, it’d be my chance to make sure he’d not drown— but after only a few strides, I’d caught a hard slap in the chest from a closed fist.
Everything in me wanted to hurt the bastard, but as I leaned up, the sole of his shoe connected to my skull and he, once again, flung my body and mind into total darkness and quiet. 

~~~



Chapter Twenty-four

Rain.
The splash of tires, the beating of windshield wipers.
I don’t remember which had shaken me enough to drop my cell phone to the car floor-- the crack of thunder-flash just outside my window or Ruthie’s scream, but as my hand came back to the wheel, too fast and too hard, the front tires must have spasmed, and we’d begun to spin.
Clipped by a semi-truck, its air horn bursting into the car like the howl of an ocean liner trying to ward off pirates, the spin threw our car toward the cement divider that split the rushing streams of north and south bound traffic.
Her long scream hiccupped at the impact, then a long fade, as my kid sister was flung from the car, and it was the last thing I'd ever heard from her. 
Then quiet.  
Total silence, all stop.
Seeing her empty seat, I said: "Ruth--?" but the truck, which I learned later was a logging truck with a three-quarter load, struck me dead on, t-boned the car and everything went black.
For years now, all the years since the accident, I'd very often wished I'd stayed in the black.
Now, and this was the first time-- I no longer had that wish.
My eyes came open and he was sitting on the edge of a metal table in a dark room.  This guy must have something against chairs.  
The air was musty, damp and the walls looked like a mock-up of a cave's interior.  This had been a part of the zoo, some supply room or conference space for area businesses.  
A soft bounce of echo in the room was the sound of water somewhere overhead.  We were underground.
The Mentor was talking with the faces on a video wall across from us, the entire wall.  Ten men and a woman, five on the top row and six on the bottom, each confined within their individual window for video conference.
"Ah, Dexter," one of the men said.  I recognized him, instantly.  
"Marion Bluth," I said and he nodded.  Several of the other men, and the woman, I recognized.  Pavan had pegged it.  Each was worth more than a small third-world country.
CEO from a South American Telcom.

The creator of an alternative, virtual payment site favored by the underworld drug trade.
Another I recognized was a billionaire by definition.  As in, I’d seen him as a frequent guest on the national news channels.  He was labeled, his contribution to whatever they happened to be talking about, was his name then, “Billionaire.”  Like that gave him some sort of credence or implied some sort of life-smarts or wisdom.  Sure, you could make an argument for it but, at that moment, strapped to a chair in a cold, damp room, and tortured to near death the past few weeks, you’d likely have a hard time convincing me.
The woman was a former lawmaker-- a U.S. senator from the east coast but went to the private sector after an ethics violation, if memory served me.  Soon after, some of her savvy investments into alternative energies, companies lifted by endowments awarded by White House “green” initiatives, paid off and she was, according to a half dozen magazine covers, now one of the wealthiest women in the world.
My eyes went to another of the men I’d recognized, but my thoughts were interrupted by Bluth, today’s apparent meeting leader.
"It took some time to find you.  Records indicated you had died."
"They were right."
He waved off my comment.  "But, we eventually did, once our chief investigator came across the discrepancy."  In the dark corner, my athletic, blond man-basher shifted her weight from foot to foot.  Bluth continued: "I have to ask, did Eller, uh, Jepson tell you to stay off line, off the grid like that?"
"’Off the grid’?”  I said and laughed, but it crumbled into a moment of coughing which stung my ribs.  “Who says that?  ‘Off the grid’!  So, does the social awkwardness come with the uber-success or is it always sort of there, lurking like an ulcer?"
The Mentor hit me hard in the temple.  Enough to hurt but not enough to put me out.  
I heard Bluth say, "It doesn't matter."
Another man spoke, his eyes looking wild on the video screen: "Did it work?  Do you remember!  Tell us, now!”
“What?”
“Did it work?”
Bluth cut in: “We know it worked, we know it worked!  That’s why he’s here.”
Another face said, “The research, the analysis, of course it did.  Increasing the duration of each trauma event, his survival dependent upon the information in the memories under the retrograde amnesia callus.  When those had to come up, to survive, the rest would come up with it.  It makes per--”
“Enough!  Yes, you’re so fucking smart, we get it!”  The wild-eyed man said, then again turned his attention to me.  “Do you remember?”
The woman said to me, smiling: "We knew you'd head, eventually, to the school.  It seems the recording of Eller-- your Professor Jepson-- that was enough to, in essence, pull the pin."
 “Yes,” Wild eyes said.  “Your contribution, madam.  Wonderful.  Now credit has been handed all around can we fucking get down to the business of why we are here and get the goddamn procedure details?”
The Mentor smiled at me, perfect teeth.
Bluth said.  "You have what we need, now.  We’ve each spent individual fortunes and waited more than a decade for the research to be completed.”  He moved closer to the screen, his features distorted.  “It’s ours!  Rightfully!  And it was stolen from us!"
Another voice said, "We want it back.  Now!  It’s ours."
Christ, this was what it was like to be threatened by mavens of industry and Wall Street CEOs?  I couldn't help it, I laughed again.  I imagined one of them saying something like, "Gents, let's tabletop this discussion for another time and reconvene…"
The Mentor delivered another blow to my head, the back this time.  And he whispered, "Now you got that one to match the other.  You need a couple more?"
"Please, it’s doing wonders for my stiff neck.  What if I asked nicely?"
Whapp-whap!!
I didn't have to ask.
"Cut that out," Bluth said.  "He's done enough damage to his brain before we came along and we don't need any more.  Dexter.  Now, tell us what Eller told you."
The taste in my mouth was warm, metallic.  Blood.  Not my first time to bleed in recent days and weeks, it didn't bother me.
"You have a Post-it note and a pencil?"  I held up my wrists that had been taped to the chairs armrest.  "You mind?  Can't write--"
"Just tell us," a short, fat man said, his voice shaking.  "It's OURS.  It belongs to US.  And no bullshit!  Our chief researcher is right here with me; he assisted Eller and can tell me if you're lying!"
"That's quite enough!" Bluth didn't like the little man and probably didn't like implicating one of their staff, either.  "Dexter.  What did he say?"
"You're not going to like it."
Over a few seconds, Bluth’s features darkened and his face filled the entire screen.  He said to me:  "Don’t fuck with us.  I mean that."
I exhaled and rolled my eyes.  "It's incomplete."
The room silenced. 
Three of the screens went dark, then two others.  A few moments later, they'd come back, apparently, from some offline conference.
"The drug therapy, then."  One of the others nodded and the man at my side walked to a shelf or table behind me.
"No, my memory is complete.  I remember it from beginning to end."
"So, what's the problem?" the woman asked.
"Jepson-- eh, Eller-- told me it wasn't finished.  That's why he blew the lab and hid,” I said, holding my gaze steady at the camera just above the screens.  “He knew you'd kill him."
A quick conversation off mic, and the little, fat man turned back to me.
"That's a lie!  We saw the test results.  We saw it work!"
"Do you have those results?  Let’s see them."  It was a gamble, sure, but I had nothing else.  Thankfully, once again the room was silent.  "He destroyed them because he'd falsified the test."
"He… told you that?"
"Yes," I said.  "Someone was pressuring him to finish faster, one of you it seems, and he said he thought his life was in danger."
One of the faces who'd not spoken up to that point, "Sheppard, I bet.  Sheppard was dying and put the screws on.  Selfish prick!"
"Shut up."
"It makes sense; he died a few months after the lab blew.  Selfish prick would have pushed and not considered what that would mean to the rest of us."
"Any of us would have in that condition!"
"Shut up!"  Bluth yelled.  "I'm not buying it.  Not yet."
The short, fat man said: "We know you have at least part of it.  Give us what you have, then.  Come on!"
“How do you know I have--” I said.  “Oh.  Sure.  Professor Marsh was working for you guys.  At the school in case I came back.  Of course.”
“Tell us!”
I sighed.  "Okay, okay.  You take three-quarters of a cup of flour, two tablespoons of vanilla extract and a half cup of sugar.  You mix that reall--"
Another fist, then another.  I'd expected it, but it was worth it.
I lifted my head, dizzy.  Blood dripped, splattered on the metal table.  
The Mentor was no longer next to me.  I saw the eyes of several of the people on the screen move to the upper corner.  They blinked quickly and one of the screens went to black.
He grabbed my chin and turned my head.  A needle went into my neck, painfully, then was yanked away.  But, he didn’t let go of his grip on my jawline and then there was something just above my ear, warm and ticking softly.
"No more," Bluth said.  "Give us the formula."
More tired than scared, told them what I'd told Dr. Patel and their man, Professor Marsh, earlier.
"The rest."
"That's it.  He told me it was incomplete.  That's what he had," I said.
Bluth's screen went to black and the others did in quick, succession. Each window in front of me was dark.  My heart-rate began to quicken and my lips went numb.  I made a slight movement and The Mentor gripped my jaw tighter to let me know who was in charge.
A full minute later, only half of those on the screen returned.
Bluth said: "We have to be sure."
He nodded and I felt warmth fill my ear, my chin held tight by the black man above me.  Drops of his sweat fell onto the side of my face.
Warm turned to hot turned to burning then pain seared into the skin of my ear canal, something was being pushed down inside, and I could hear my own flesh begin to sizzle.  Popping and snapping, he was digging deep with something hot into my ear.  A twisted fuck, he went slow, burning as he went.
"We need the formula.  All of it."
"I told you iii--aaaerrrrrrrrrgg"  
The smell of my own inner ear reached my nostrils and it made me sick, I vomited but couldn't turn my head, he had me like a vice.  I spit it up and out of my mouth, but missed him and he pressed one last time, digging, carving like he was digging the meat out of a stubborn nut.
I heard a long whine, then something like the sound of a rubber band stretched, and then snapping.
Then nothing.
Nothing at all.
He let me go, and I snapped and writhed and gnashed my teeth in the open air, I could feel blood, gore oozing out of my ear onto my check and neck.  My own animal sounds terrified even me.
Especially because those sounds were heard only by my left ear now.
My right ear, he'd dug deep and burned through the eardrum.  
I was now half deaf.
"The procedural sequence, Dexter.  Eller's formula," Bluth said, his voice quivering with some queer excitement.
My face, wrenched again, there was a popping in my neck, and my left ear now offered up to the ceiling.  Again, I felt the heat but briefly caught a glimpse of what he'd been holding in his free hand.
Through angry tears, I told them, word for word, the sequence I'd recalled earlier.
Then, delivered incomplete, all that was left to do was to wait.
"The rest, Dexter."
I felt the hot iron tip push into my left ear, as he'd done to the right, and the pain seared through my skull.  The sizzling, the last thing I would hear, sickened me once again.
"What is the rest??"
I screamed, "That's it.  It was incomplete, he told me it was incomplete, that was ALL HE HAD!"
My words bubbled at my lip as sweat, tears and snot poured over my mouth, blood oozed down my neck.  
"The rest!"
Then, in that moment, so strange, but in that moment, I realized something amazing.
I was not beaten.  I had not been broken.
Then the next realization: I could not be broken.  I could never be beaten.
My death would not be my ultimate defeat, but instead would be their failure to extract from me what they wanted to know.  
But they would get nothing more from me.
Through the blood and fluids that caked my face, both eyes swollen shut, I smiled. Certainly, I was the only one in the room to know it was a smile.  But it was there.
It was there because I realized that I had beaten them.  And the reason I could resist them?  Oh.  Oh, that was what made it so sweet.
Several weeks ago, I'd never have held up.
They could have sat me down and threatened simply to run paper cuts through the webbing of each toe, and I'd have told them anything they wanted to know.
Not anymore.
"No more," I mumbled through loose teeth, triumphantly.
Because they… had inadvertently conditioned me to resist… them.
Trials by molten fire, crushing thirst, unimaginable fear, nearly drowned, nearly blown to bits, nearly fried by electricity… and through it, I'd had to learn to better control my mind.
Better control my fear.
For their part, they gambled that The Mentor's torture would bring back the memories that had been locked away in my brain.  The memories that held the one thing in the world they wanted but could not be bought, could not be negotiated for.
But they would not get their extension of time.
Because they hadn't simply brought back my memories.
Because they inadvertently brought back me.
I was back.
Slumped in the chair, my head held like a vice by my tormentor's arm, right then, something in my chest trilled, and it was as if, for the first time in years, a string had been pulled on some gyroscope in my chest.
I felt it right me, center me.
I was back.
The pain on my legs, the burns there, I no longer felt.  At the wrist, once electrocuted, that pain was gone.  Even the lumps The Mentor had given me only minutes earlier, no pain.  No pain.
I coughed away the moisture and held fast.  He wasn't going to get any more screams from me.
"Okay."
The fire filled my ear, steam shot quickly down the short passage, it felt as though the membrane was melting in my head.
“All right!”
The grip on my face tightened as if he were trying to snap my jaw between his fingers and, still, he pushed deeper into my skull, burning as he went.
"Stop it," Bluth said from some screen above us.  "Put it down, stop it.  If that's all there is, well, it's far more than we had earlier."
"It's good," a voice said, floating above my head.  "It's a damn good jumping off point."
The hand holding my face let me go, threw me forward.  I heard a clatter onto the table, as my head dropped, lolled against my chest.
The Mentor’s voice rolled into my left ear, my right was dead and now forever silent: "What about him?"
Bluth stopped, he was chattering low with the others, and said, "It… he, I don't know.  We have what we were after.  Please get rid of... everything, no trace.  Nothing left but don’t do it there."
I lifted my head and got a sharp rap to the base of the skull, everything going dark.  But I had seen it.  So small, so simple.  There'd been a black, bubbling mass on its metal tip, blood stained its cord.
A simple soldering pen.   He'd destroyed one of my ears with a simple soldering pen. 

~~~



Chapter Twenty-five

“Wake up, sleepyhead,” I felt a slap across my face.  The other side stung, too, so my guess this wasn’t his first attempt to roust me.
The Mentor stood in front of me, his hands behind his back, in full daylight.  I could only see the black of his face and hands.  The rest of him was, as usual, covered in neoprene or dark padding.  The bulge in his jacket, I wasn’t sure of.  All that time, he’d never shown me a weapon.
"What?  Only heard half of that," I said, realizing my resting place was an overturned, rusted filing cabinet.  Then, surprisingly, I leaned up realizing that there were no bounds, no restraints on me.  Only the incredible headache weighed on me.  That and a dull throbbing from the right side of my head.
“What?  No chains, no drugging, no lake of fire?  You bored of me?”
His hand slowly came out from behind his back, and he was holding an envelope.  As he moved, an open door, just behind him, came into view.  That could be--
“Last time for you and me then,” he said, standing by the room’s built-in shelves.  He placed the envelope on the middle ledge and walked to the door.  I watched him for a moment, and then my eyes flicked back to the shelf.  Nothing else on it but what he’d put there.  In fact, aside from some bits of dirt, carpet scraps, scattered crumpled sheets of paper, there was very little in the office.  “Everything you need to know is in that envelope.”
“No big speech?  No random facts.  You’re just going to walk away.”
He stepped across the threshold, pulling the door behind him.  And as it closed, he said those words one last time: “Lesson begins.”
I rose to my feet slowly, having some trouble with my balance momentarily.  My first intuition was to race out the door.  But, then what?  Just get beat down again?
Instead, I ran to the shelf and tore open the envelope.  Inside was a single piece of paper, perfectly square.  It was from a desk calendar.  With today’s date.
The room felt strange.  I was in an office.  An office building.
But, so quiet.  Where were all the people?
Dead quiet.
Turning the square piece of paper over, nothing on the back, blank, I looked at it again.  I crumpled it up and was about to toss it, and then pocketed it instead.  
A moment later, I went out into the office's hallway.  Deserted.  I couldn’t see him anywhere.  He’d gone either up or down.
What I did see was open doors.  Offices along each wall, a few broken pieces of particle board in the center of the room.  No desks, no chairs, no lights, no people… out the dirty window at the end of the long hallway, I was surprised to see the Atlanta skyline.
I was many, many floors above street level.
This building, it was like something I’d seen before in post-apocalypse movies.  Wasteland office space, some busted up filing cabinets turned onto their sides.
Then it hit me, the date.
“Oh God…”
I pulled the piece of day calendar out of my pocket and read the name at the top of the paper.
“Sun Trust bank.  Today.  I’m in the Sun Trust bank.”
Outside, I heard the blare of a warning siren.  I guess that’s what they do before they trigger the charges to demolish an entire building.

SCRAMBLING TO THE MAIN hall, then to the elevator, I wasn’t entirely surprised when the buttons wouldn’t light, no grinding of gears.  There was no power in the building.  
To the left of the elevator, there was a door.  On the other side, I could hear the sounds of feet taking the steps quickly.  Hitting the long handle, I burst through, and standing at the top of the stairs, my head spun, hit with vertigo, as they seemed to wind down forever like an Escher drawing.
I caught a glimpse of the top of his head, that perfect haircut, and made a decision.
As fast as I could, I took the stairs, four and five at a time, round and around, down lower and lower, nearly jumping from landing to landing, until he was a half-flight in front of me, and he spun just as I leapt, this time knocking us both off our feet, and we tumbled and banged down several lengths of stairs.
I was up first—my fat better than his hard padding—and I kicked him once.  He flinched a little and when I delivered another kick, he caught my foot, twisted it and I spun to the floor.
As he stepped over me, I reached up and grabbed legs, and we tumbled another set of stairs together, this time he was grunting on the way down.  I’d hurt him a little.
“Dexter, after that siren, we’ve got two minutes to get out of this building,” he yelled, huffing.  “You keep this up and we’ll both be dead!”
“I’ve been dead,” I said into his face.  “This time, I’m taking you with me”
I hit him with everything I had, my full weight, delivered to the side of his glistening, sweaty face.  His head slammed into the cement floor but before I could strike him again, he was up and, grabbing me by my shirt, lifting me and tossing me to the wall.
I hit hard, my skull and shoulders bounced against the cement wall, and I fell hard.  He wasn’t done.  
“Dexter, that was a fine punch,” he said and kicked my ribs.  “But you’ve got to learn follow up.”  He kicked the other side and I flipped over in pain.  “Too bad, boy.  I think you could have been pretty good.  Not great, but pretty good.”
One last axe kick to the back of my head, and I heard him running down the steps again.
A recent pro at getting my ass kicked, I recovered quickly.  Flopping onto my back, I allowed a few seconds to breathe and feel a little sorry for myself.  Little “me” time.
As I looked up, I saw the number on the wall.  Forty-second floor.  This, of a fifty story building.  In my shape, and if his timing was to be believed, I’d never make down forty-two floors in less than a minute.
But, I might make eight.
I staggered to my feet, the bitter taste of blood rolling around and through my teeth, and started climbing the stairs, slowly at first.
As it’s been established, I’ve got a pretty good memory for things I hear.  Not as good as it used to be, but fair.  And, aside from having a beer-soaked brain, I can very often visualize images associated with the audio recalled pretty well.
Which is why, as I climbed the stairs, faster and faster to the top, I tried to envision the Atlanta skyline painting Doc Drake had been working on.  
Each breath sent white hot cannon balls into my lungs, and I could only assume I had broken ribs on both sides.  Still, I pumped my burning thighs, my shattered hands and wrists pulled hard on the railings, aiming for the top.
I decided on small goals.  If I were going to die, I wanted to be in the sunlight.  Just make it to the top, that’s all I needed.  I didn’t want to end my life, not anymore, but if it was my time to go, I want to be looking right at God— because I had a few things to get off my chest.
The number at the next turn: forty-seven.  I wanted to stop because I couldn’t seem to get enough air, I felt dizzy, but I knew I had to keep moving up, up, up.
Doc’s painting had been nearly night time, he preferred the eerie light of dusk, but the buildings were exact.  Doc refused to work from photos as some artists do.  Instead, he would go up and “watch” the city, or whatever he was going to paint.  He’d get to a tall building, sit on the roof and let the image burn into his brain until, when he blinked, he’d see it’s negative in his mind—like when someone stares at the sun too long.
Forty-eighth floor.
It’s cliche, but it’s only in those moments that you are about to lose something that you realize its full value.  Sad, but true.  I thought about my little life.  My daily pastry.  My handful of friends.  The soothing feeling of a nice dark beer drizzling over my tongue.  And Mom.  I never called my mother enough.
At forty-nine, I heard a terrifying sound.  At first it was sort of faint, pop-pop-pop, but continued to get louder, racing upward toward me.
Halfway up that last flight, the pops grew into thunderous explosions, and I could hear crumbling cement and rubble following each, then just below me, last one, I saw part of the staircase blow out and a blade of sunlight cut inside.
The entire structure shook, questioning its ability to stand, as I reached the door to the roof.
It was locked.
The glass was thick, and I couldn’t see anything around me to break it with.  I punched it with my weak fist a few times, but it just bounced off harmlessly.  
Sliding to the floor, on my knees, I twisted the knob back and forth, back and forth, willing it to open.
I felt the top step below me shudder.  
One final pop, very close to me and my eyes and ears filled with dust, my left ear nearly as deaf as my right, momentarily, all I could hear was a high whine.  The world had gone silent and dark around me.
But, then, a blade of light.  Sunlight, this time in front of me.
The last explosion had a ripple effect and had blasted a crevice in the wall next to me.
My only goal: The sunlight.  Just to be in the sunlight was all I wanted.
Willing myself to my feet, I choked on dust, it filled my throat and nose and I pressed my soft body through the crack, and spilled onto the rooftop like being born into the hot Atlanta sunlight.
I stood looking at the beautiful city for a brief moment.  The glitter of steel in the joy of the sun.
“Okay,” I said.  “New goal.”
Get off the building.
I wasn’t terribly schooled at the city.  I knew where the aquarium was, where you could catch a concert, and where you could get the best hot dog on the planet.  That was pretty much it.
But, Doc’s painting in my head, I began to run west as hard as I could.  My crazy friend was prone to “artist interpretation” but if I were wrong (or he’d been overly creative), this would be the last act of Dexter Daisy-- a final sprint.
The sun scorching my bare arms, I stripped off my shirt and let it have more, and ran faster, harder.  As the edge approached, my heart leapt, hopeful: I saw my target in the distance.
Then, the building pitched, began to rise behind me.  It was collapsing underneath me, its groaning reminiscent of the dying moments of some massive, millennia-old prehistoric creature.
Then the sound grew sharper, and a roar started low, shaking the structure.  I felt the world collapse and tilt upward.  
From what I know if it, which is all the Cobb County library audio collection had to say about it, they’re supposed to fall nearly straight down.  Often, the roof will tilt, list to one side as its support crumbles away unevenly beneath it, but the buildings themselves don’t tip over. 
Running, running.
Air conditioning units burst around me, vents imploded, a small array of antennas were rising behind me, their tips racing toward my back, and I ran faster, faster, on the downward slope.
When I finally got to the edge, for some reason, I thought of Laura. Because of my full sprint, I could only leap with the one leg, but I gave it what I could and thought, I should call her.
Falling.
falling.
falling. 
My eyes had closed because my brain knew this wasn’t something I should see.  
For a moment, there was Ruthie’s voice and she was laughing.  If I was dead, she probably saw it happen and was now simply getting a huge kick at how stupid her big brother bought the farm.  Her voice, her laugh was like a warm home on a winter night.
I said to her, “I’m sorry.  God, I’m so sorry.”
She laughed again, softly, and said: “I know.  It’s okay.”  The quiet faded and a roar came up in my left ear.  She whispered to me, giggling, “You may want to hold your nose.”
Whhoooooosssssshhhhhhhhhh!!!
A burning… fire, everywhere.
Not fire.  Not, actually, burning.
In fact, kinda cold.
Jesus.  Damn cold.
The previous few seconds had been information overload, and I'd been unable to process it until a few moments later.
The neighboring hotel with its rooftop pool that I’d seen in Doc’s painting had not been open for swimming, too early in the season yet.  As I'd landed at the adjacent building, my eyes popped open for a brief second, and the water my feet were just about to hit looked so unnaturally blue.
Then, hitting the pool’s protective tarp, my heels punched it downward and my world went from light to dark again, hot to cold.
The last thing I remember were the voices of several people who’d found front row seats for that day’s building collapse, and who were now pulling me from the hotel’s roof top pool.
I heard a voice, deep drawl, say: “That was the craziest damn thing I’ve ever saw.”
Before I passed out, I said: “Which part?” 

~~~



Chapter Twenty-six

About ten months later, I was approaching a beach house in the dark.
Pavan had quit the theater and joined me in my wobbly, start-up house and pet sitting service.  We even paid one of his cousins to come up with a cool logo.  I’d finished the job for the Dvoraks, despite my run in with the swan song of a bank building.  Word had gotten around their posh neighborhood and, well, I guess that sort of job commitment impressed enough people to keep us in the black for a little while.
During my weeks in the hospital, I’d registered for a name change.  Before I was discharged, and two surgeries on my back and hips later, the change had become official.  Pavan had come to visit me at the hospital and when I showed him the paperwork he laughed for a half-minute straight.
“You changed your name to ‘Dexter Mister’?”
“Not really, just for the chart.  While I’m in here.  Might baffle unwanted visitors, right?”
“That’s some funny shit.”
We were best friends and best friends, as Pavan had reminded me, tell each other the important stuff.  
So, right then, I told him the world's biggest secret.  
Of course, it meant nothing to him and, truthfully, barely meant much to me either.  
After I’d told him the exact sequence and its subset formulas-- it had taken nearly a full minute to detail it exactly as Professor Jepson had told me years earlier-- my best friend Pavan simply stared at me.
“What the... what is all that mumbly-jumbly?  You having another fit or something?  You don’t look like you’re having a fit.”
I said, setting down in my hospital bed: “I just wanted to say the whole thing out loud, one time.  They didn’t get it, man.  I wouldn’t give it to them. But, we’re best friends, so one time, I told it to you.  From beginning to end, the complete working sequence.”
“Okay, Dexter,” he said and smiled.  Then he shot a glance at the door and pulled out a joint.  "Now, I paid beaucoup for this stuff, man, since I knew you'd be in here and beat up to hell and shit."
It hurt a bit to laugh.  "You want me to get stoned with you?"
"Yes."
"In a hospital, Pavan?"
Fishing for his lighter, he slipped the joint between his lips and said, "Ah, see.  That makes it medicinal!  Totally legit."
I stared at my friend and saw a tiny, tiny twinkle on one side of his flop of hair.
I said, "Well, if it's medicinal."
"Totally!"
Months had passed since that conversation with my friend, but I still had unfinished business.
There was a light in the kitchen, but I wasn’t very worried.  Didn’t matter.
I’d lost about fifteen pounds, another twenty to go I guess, because walking dogs means you’re walking, which can peel the weight off.  I probably would have lost more if I’d cut back on the beer, but I’m not a masochist.
Most of the cuts and scrapes healed or left very slight scars.
There was nothing they could do to restore the hearing in one of my ears.  A couple plastic surgeries, though, and at least it looked like the other one.  I knew that because Pavan had finally stopped laughing at the sight of it.
At the front steps of the beach house, I stopped for a moment and breathed in the salty night air.  I could hear the rolling waves and found it very soothing.  Sure, I was now half-deaf but for a man who remembers nearly every word and sound, it seemed like things could be worse. 
The door came open with a twist, as expected, and I entered the foyer.  It looked the same as it had early that afternoon when I’d broken in except for the windbreaker hanging on the hook by the door.
Earlier, when I’d been inside putting the poison into meats, milk, olives, anything that would hold it, I got a call from Doc on my flashy mobile phone.
It seems Tiffany was, finally, in a “pink” mood.  I asked Doc why he’d even broken away to call me, and he said he was “recouping.”
When I entered the kitchen, I saw him slumped on the floor next to the table.
The sliding glass door was open and some of the sea spray was getting on the deck, so I walked up and closed it.
Then, I flipped The Mentor over and slapped on a recently purchased pair of drug store handcuffs.  They were good for the price.  Good enough.
As I lifted the man off the floor onto the couch he stirred a little from the drugs I’d spiked his food with.  When I tossed him down, his head hit a little hard and that made me feel pretty good.
He pried his eyes open, groggy.  And laughed.
“Holy shit.  Dexter, my man,” he said through those perfect teeth.  “How’d you even find me?”
I punched him on the mouth.  That felt pretty good, too.
“No time for questions,” I said.  “You need to listen nice and close. At the higher altitudes, your oxygen saturation will have fallen.  You need to drop because your judgment will be impaired.  Too long that high up, you’ll hallucinate. ”
“What the fuck is this about?”
I hit him again and his eyes rolled for a moment.  I slapped him back.
“No, no.  Stay with me.  And you want to get down below 17,000 feet.  If you don’t your body will continue to deteriorate—muscle atrophy, mental instability—your body is literally eating itself for energy.”  Sitting on the coffee table behind me, I plucked a grape out of the bowl.  I hadn’t tainted those.  “But, first you’ll have to get below the 25,000 feet mark.  Appropriately, that’s called the ‘Death Zone.’”
“I’ll kill you.  You’re out of your league,” he said looking at me as his eyes lolled around slightly, but the veins in his neck popping.  “You don’t—“
“Hey!”
“What?”
I stood and pulled my arm back, made a fist.  A half-second before I hit him square in the face, his body going limp as a doll, I said: “Lesson begins.”  
Then, I added, making it my own: “Asshole.”

END


About the author
Pat Connid has spent the better part of his life avoiding real work.
Now a top-selling humor author (with an inability to simply choose one genre and go with it), the former stage performer, radio personality, and balloon-animal artiste spends his days on a river shantyboat just off the Florida keys in international waters waiting for his visa paperwork to be approved.
In his spare time, Pat Connid likes to write autobiographies in the third person.

