A Raucous Time

By Julia Hughes
 
 
 
 
For Bubba: With the hope he never forgets how to fly.
 
 
 
 
Smashwords Edition, edited by Talon Publishing 
© Julia Hughes. August 2013. For previous & forthcoming titles visit Julia's website. 


 
Smashwords Edition, License Notes 
Thank you for downloading this ebook. Although free, this book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

A bonus chapter from "A Ripple in Time" follows the end of this ebook. 

The Celtic Cousins' Adventures. Stories to enjoy time after time after time. 

Editor: Mervyn Walker, Talon Publishing.com 2913
Cover art by Laura Wright LaRoche of LLPix.com Designs
 
 

Chapter One
 
In October 1216 a humanitarian disaster unfolded: An army retreating across the mud flats of the River Wash were engulfed by the incoming tide. In less time than it takes to watch a play, or prepare a meal, over a thousand souls perished under clear skies on that late autumn afternoon. Amongst those safely ashore listening to the screams of the drowning and the high pitched neighing of frenzied horses, was John, King of England, last surviving son of Henry II and Eleanor of Aquitaine, ruler of Normandy, France and England. The cold unforgiving waters claimed not only the lives of John’s men, but also forty wagons, transporting all his worldly goods. Six of those wagons contained treasure of unimaginable worth: the crown and royal regalia, religious artefacts, gold, silver and other priceless articles and artefacts. Within seven days King John himself was dead. Some blamed a bad dish of eels, others speculated poison. Some kept quiet, and wondered if a man could die of a broken heart. Not too many grieved for him, as the country pulled back from the brink of civil war and life slowly returned to normal.
Almost eight hundred years have passed since that fateful day. King John’s treasure remains lost to human sight. Its value is beyond calculation. 


Chapter Two
 
From the street, the mid terraced house appeared ordinary enough. A little shabby and run down, hinting perhaps that the occupants weren't exactly flush with money, or maybe too infirm or elderly to mow the lawn and fix the lopsided gate. Ducking through the front door, Detective Inspector Crombie swore and caught his breath, not quickly enough to escape the frowsty malodour permeating the lounge. 
Books of every shape and size formed a haphazard narrow corridor to an executive style desk, which looked capable of giving whoever had the task of clearing the house a hernia. The onyx surface was clear though far from clean, even in dim light from the doorway mug stain rings and small piles of cigarette ash were visible. As Crombie deliberated where to place his size twelve’s, a tower of books swayed, toppling against a neighbouring stack before a couple of books slid from the top of the heap to land on the greasy carpet with a muffled thwack. 
‘Bollocks! Big hairy bollocks!’ The curse from the kitchen area belonged to someone happier captaining the Metropolitan Police hockey team than rooting through this shambles of a life. 
‘Big hairy bollocks belong in a field, attached to a bull WPC Hewes.’ Crombie admonished, despite a waft of gratefulness that he could retreat back to the station now. ‘Show a little more respect for the dead.’ He added, noting Hewes’s face turning pink. Either she was trying to breathe shallow, or more likely biting her tongue against a sharp retort. Crombie couldn’t care less, although usually he curbed his irrational dislike of the young policewoman. 
‘Finish up here, speak to the neighbours and make sure your report’s on my desk by lunch time.’ He’d digest her reports in the sanctuary of ‘The Eagle’; a pint of John Smith’s and a pie always helped the thinking process. 
 
*
The only concession to twenty first century life at ‘The Eagle’ was a plasma screen telly and the demolition of the saloon bar to create an open plan area sprawled around an ‘L’ shaped counter. Behind this, bar staff pulled pints and dispensed spirits. Otherwise the glossy tiles on the wall complemented by polished tables and wooden chairs padded with leather seats and backs seemed authentic for a traditional London pub. Regulars at ‘The Eagle’ knew better than to trouble Crombie for his fancy in the 2.30 at Ascot while he perused paperwork. They also knew he worked at the local ‘nick’ and not to be too free with offers of dodgy gear, in this manner the pub remained neutral ground. The few coppers who didn't abide by this unofficial rule were soon persuaded to patronise the wine bar further along Ladbroke Grove. Running his fingers inside his tightening waist band decided Crombie against a second meat and potato pie. Instead pushing his empty plate away, pulling his pint towards him, Crombie settled back to re-read the handful of reports on crimes committed in the early hours of this morning on his ‘manor’. 
 
Most were petty incidents, usually resolved by a neighbour or ‘friend’ grassing up the perp. A couple of trouble makers – so called ‘loveable rogues’ would be good for the moped and car thefts. He’d send a policewoman, not Hewes – she didn’t have the necessary empathy – round to the domestics. After jotting a few lines in his notebook, he shuffled those reports to the bottom of the pile. 
That left old man Stern. Crombie swallowed a couple of mouthfuls of ale, wishing not for the first time that life imprisonment meant life. The poor old sod survived the holocaust only to die from terror when his home was burglarised. It seemed he’d put up quite a struggle, defending his precious books. Crombie drained his glass just as the young Australian barmaid claimed his empty plate, shaking his head at her mimed invitation for a refill. Time to show his face again at the station. Hiding a smile at the obvious relief of dodgy Dave seated across the other end of the pub, Crombie shuffled paperwork back into their files. Then a previously unnoticed report caught Crombie's eye, and he frowned, fumbling behind for his seat again. Across the room, Dave the Dealer scowled but this time Crombie didn’t notice. 
‘How did I miss this?’ he murmured, pulling a single sheet aside to scrutinise, vaguely annoyed his daily ration of ale was finished. Getting old Crombie. He mocked himself. But it wasn’t too late. Pulling out his mobile, he caught PC Rodgers, who’d been a beat bobby for far too long but was likely to remain so for the rest of his career, just before the skiving copper disappeared on his so-called ‘Neighbourhood Watch’ beat.  
 
Dave the Dealer’s day was ruined when Crombie ordered a pot of coffee and the telly to be muted. The landlord grimaced, but didn’t complain. Crombie’s presence deterred the hard nuts dealing in far dodgier goods than Dave could ever aspire to.
 
*******
 
Typically for a weekday afternoon, an air of somnolence hung over the police station’s narrow waiting room. Crombie identified the kid immediately. Even if the room had been packed, other ‘customers’ would still be giving him a wide berth. The teenager's tracksuit was thick with grime and ripped along the seam of one trouser leg, uncomfortable though the plastic moulded chairs were, he’d managed to drop off to sleep. His head tipped back to rest on the window sill behind, stretching his neck and exposing red stripes that could have been the result of someone trying to strangle him.
Crombie tapped him on the knee as he passed. 
‘Who you waiting for son?’ Though he knew damn well. 
Bolting upright, the kid surprised him by almost coming to attention and answering politely.
‘Sergeant Rogers asked me to come in Sir.’ He swept heavy dark hair back from his face, as though gathering his thoughts.
‘My gran and cousin were attacked last night in their … I mean our house.’ Realising he’d slipped up he gabbled on: 
‘He wanted me to sign for something, but I’ve been waiting twenty minutes. Sir.’ He tried a hesitant smile, not a bad looking kid. His skin was a bit sallow, and his dark brown eyes looked weary, probably the result of too much time in front of a computer screen. Either that, or  too many late nights. Crombie nodded as though this was news to him. Stepping over to an internal door, Crombie punched in a security code and let himself into the main offices behind the waiting and interview rooms bellowing for Rodgers to attend to his ‘customer’. 
Minutes later he swept out again, ignoring the kid’s glare at making him the unwanted centre of attention.
‘Be with you in a minute son. Not long now.’ Catching the eye of another ‘customer’ waiting to sign in for probation, Crombie reinforced his status.
‘Mr Digby, always a pleasure to see you.’ 
‘Wish I could say likewise Crombie.’ 
‘That’s Detective Inspector Crombie to you Digby.’ 
 
Once out in the fresh air, Crombie hurried over to a local McDonalds. Not that he felt the need for a Big-Mac. One day in the far off future he might be glad of food that tasted already pre-digested, but in addition to looking exhausted, the kid looked hungry enough to eat a horse. Crombie intended to provide him with the next best thing. 
To interview a minor, a social worker, lawyer or ‘suitable adult’ maybe even all three would be required. A waste of space in Crombie’s opinion, when all he wanted was an informal chat with the kid, and to find out if his hunch was correct. 
From a vantage point opposite the station Crombie waited patiently. His timing was immaculate, within minutes, the door swung open and his quarry emerged from the waiting room.  For a fleeting moment the kid hesitated, casting a glance backwards towards the vending machine prominently displayed in the foyer, and Crombie knew he’d chosen his bait wisely. Hiding a smile, he crossed the road to intercept the gangly teenager, already striding purposely away from the station. 
Chapter Three
 
Rhyllann Jones walked away from the Police Station with a vague sense of injustice at having been kept waiting so long, just to confirm his name had been spelt correctly in statements. 
Street lights were beginning to flicker on; although the sun lingered unseen behind high rise tower blocks, the bright blue sky was beginning to smudge: It would be dark within half an hour, it must be nearly eight. He hadn’t eaten for twenty-four hours. No wonder his stomach grumbled, and he could kill for even a mouthful of coke, but first he needed to talk to Wren. If he hurried he might just make visiting hours. 
Rhyllann barely took a dozen steps when a hand clamped on his shoulder, spinning him round. Squinting upwards, he found himself being scrutinised by the fat shouty bastard from the station. He recognised the jacket first, it looked like one of Lurch’s castoff’s draped over plank like shoulders to droop unevenly to mid thigh, parts of the black leather worn to green and faded completely in some places. What had that other guy called him? Rhyllann shrugged in a vain attempt to dislodge the shovel like hand as he tried to remember. 
‘What now?’
A row of jumbled teeth appeared in a smile, Crombie’s eyes glistened with amusement. China blue in colour, they seemed much younger than the rest of his face. 
‘Can’t have you roaming the streets of London looking like that son. You’ll frighten the horses. Come on – I’ll give you a lift home.’ 
Jeez. The last thing he needed: A copper poking around his house. 
‘I gotta get back to the hospital. Apparently my cousin’s awake.’ He protested. Crombie tightened his grip, steering him over to a tired looking green estate. 
‘I’ll give you a lift.’ He repeated. Rhyllann groaned again, this wasn’t just a copper, it was a Detective Inspector or some such stuff. He tried a smile, which usually worked on adults who didn’t know him too well. 
‘Thank you. Erm .. thank you Sir.’
The flattery seemed to work, the pincher like grip disappeared, although his feet almost left the ground as the copper’s hand slapped his shoulder, and in gravely tones introduced himself as Detective Inspector Crombie.
The car reeked of wet dogs and stale smoke, crisp packets littered the floor and paperwork covered the passenger seat. Rhyllann waited while the detective chucked it into the rear before climbing in. Crombie made him buckle up before starting the engine, then nodded at a bulging brown paper bag. 
‘Thought you might be hungry.’ 
The hamburger was still warm. Removing the detested gherkin, Rhyllann tore into the meat pattie, pausing only to swig down coke. Without looking at him Crombie said. 
‘There’s some tissues in the glove box – wipe your face. Sorry son, I’ve mislaid my comb.’ 
Crombie had dense dark hair, cropped in a failed attempt at neatness. At present it stuck out at all angles. If he ever wore a red and black striped jumper, he’d look like Dennis the Menace grown up. 
Rhyllann grinned then burped. ‘’S’cuse me. Thanks.’ 
‘Well, can’t have you screaming police brutality.’ Crombie drove like an old woman, slowing down for amber lights. 
‘Nice car.’ Rhyllann lied, trying to make conversation. Metal grinded against metal as Crombie climbed gears. To break the embarrassing silence he asked. 
 ‘Has my cousin given a description of the two men who attacked him?’ 
Checking his rear view mirror for the hundredth time, Crombie shook his head. 
‘I haven’t spoken to him yet. We've reports of another incident involving an unfamiliar BMW in your Gran’s neighbourhood.’ His eyes flickered from the mirror, to the road, before glancing sideways at Rhyllann. 
‘Lucky for your Gran you returned just when you did.’ 
Rhyllann grunted through a mouthful of chips, savouring their saltiness. Lucky was the word. For the past two weeks, everything had run like clockwork, he’d managed to stay out of trouble, just as he promised mum before she took off for Eastern Europe on one of her missions. Late last night though, he’d discovered that a textbook he needed to complete homework already overdue was missing. 
He knew who to blame too. Wren; Everything that went wrong in Rhyllann’s life could be traced to Wren. Eventually, unable to sleep, he’d jogged round to Gran’s house and found himself starring in a B movie. To draw the intruders from Gran’s front room, where they were apparently torturing Wren for some reason, he’d vandalised their car. His half arsed plan succeeded even better than he’d hoped. The car alarm bleeped urgently, and while the men rushed into the street to inspect the car's damage, he’d managed to sprint back to Gran’s house with his heart in his mouth and slam the door on their faces. Not before one managed to clutch a hand around his throat. Rhyllann had simply sprinted faster, tearing away from the deathly grip. He just knew he would have nightmares about their murderous expressions for months to come. 
Somehow he also knew Crombie already knew all this. Rhyllann’s statement had been taken at Wren’s hospital bedside, with only one small lie. Desperate not to land up with a social worker, he’d pretended to be staying with Gran, giving the excuse that he’d crept out late at night to visit his own house to retrieve a maths text book, returning just in time to avert disaster. 
Rhyllann’s deepening suspicion that Crombie knew the whole truth was confirmed when he spoke again.
‘Funny thing son. I went through your Gran’s house myself. I found two identical maths books in your cousin’s room. How do you suppose that happened?’ 
Rhyllann thought about explaining that weird stuff happened around Wren, but settled for a shrug. He loved his younger cousin, but just wished he lived further away. Like Australia or somewhere. 
Crombie changed tactics. ‘Anything unusual happen yesterday?’ 
Rhyllann looked at his profile in disbelief. 
‘Apart from your Gran’s intruders I mean. Has she been threatened recently? Upset anyone?’
‘Yeah. My Gran. The Drug Baron.’ Rhyllann drawled.
‘Look son, I’m trying to help. This is all off the record. Just you and me. An informal chat.’ 
Rhyllann wanted to sneer again, but Crombie sounded sincere. And he had sprung for a McDonald’s. Plus anyone who drove a clapped out wreck like this had to be straight. Instead he wracked his brains, yesterday only seemed a lifetime ago. He began thinking out loud.
‘Nothing really. Apart from a fight earlier.’ He hadn’t been in a fight for months but … ‘I was walking this girl home see, we heard all this noise – cheering and that. Some kids, well … one of the bigger kids had Wren’s bag, chucking his stuff around.’ Rhyllann paused. That was unusual. Coleman fancied himself a hard man, but even he didn’t usually pick on Wren. 
‘So of course, I got stuck in. Saw them off.’ Saw Becky Roberts off too. Rhyllann groaned at the memory of Becky stalking off nose in the air. Leaving him and Wren scrabbling around on the pavement for books and pencils. That’s when it happened. 
‘The Devil’s Stagecoach.’ Rhyllann murmured. 
‘What?’
Rhyllann shook himself mentally, feeling foolish as he explained. 
‘Devil’s Stagecoach Beetle. Wren said “Look – haven’t seen one of those for years”.’ He grinned at Crombie’s incomprehension. 
‘An insect. If you touch it, it waves its little tail around like a sword or something. And Wren’s like “Have you got a matchbox or pencil case or anything?’” He frowned at the sudden image of Wren, rooting around in his bag. 
‘And I’m like worried someone might see me playing with bugs.’ 
Losing patience Rhyllann had shovelled books and sports kits back carelessly. 
‘The bus came then, so I just grabbed him and threw him on.’ Rhyllann realised he was prattling, but didn’t seem to be able to stop as waves of fatigue swept through him. 
‘Huh huh,’ said Crombie, looking puzzled. ‘But you didn’t get on yourself?’ 
They drove on in silence, Rhyllann kept his lips clamped.
‘I’ve been round your house too.’ Crombie gave another sideways glance. ‘I’ve got your story now son. I’ll tell you what happened.’ 
Rhyllann clamped his lips tighter, biting down in an effort to stay alert, wondering what the old so-and-so had managed to dig up, wishing he’d never climbed into this junk heap, Crombie’s driving was beginning to make him car sick.
‘Your mum’s away, that part’s true. You couldn’t bear the thought of staying with Granny, you’ve been home alone – am I right?’
Rhyllann stared straight ahead. Then nodded. 
‘Does she often leave you?’ Crombie used his gentle voice again.
Rhyllann spoke quickly. ‘She didn’t leave me. I promised I’d stay round Gran’s. Mum wanted me to go with her and David. Her husband.’ He swivelled to face Crombie – maybe if he tried to be honest. Taking a deep breath, he surprised himself as it all spilled out: 
‘I do try at school. I’m not clever, not with schoolwork. But I’m in the air cadets, and I can fly. It’s like breathing for me. There’s nothing like it. And I want to join the RAF. To fly. And I need my GCSEs.’ Rhyllann shredded the tissue in his hands. It felt like a confession; admitting this dream out loud for the first time. Everyone assumed he attended air cadets to chat up girls and boss younger kids around. Only Wren knew; somehow. 
‘I would have fallen behind, and once I fall behind, I’ll never catch up.’ He sounded a complete dork, the chances of a kid like him getting into the RAF were zero. Crombie raised his eyebrows but didn’t comment. After a moment or two he said. 
‘Quite a pair, your mum and her sister aren’t they?’ He spoke as though he knew them both, he probably did, by reputation anyway. Rhyllann guessed what was coming next and twisted away, determined not to reveal any more. Crombie was even more dangerous than he’d thought. 
‘You and your cousin; you’re very close aren’t you?’
Rhyllann shifted in his seat. No-one else at school really got Wren, if it weren’t for him, he wouldn’t have any friends. 
‘Does he ever talk about his mum?’ 
No. Wren never spoke of her, never cried over her. The tissue was confetti now. Rhyllann dropped it. 
Facing Crombie he sneered. ‘You wanna know if she told him where she hid the money? Mister Big-shot Detective? And me thinking you were the soft cuddly type – McDonald’s and free rides. You went round their house. Why didn’t you look under the mattress while you were there? That’s where she stashed it.’ 
‘No need for sarcasm son, I’m trying to help.’
But he’d heard that before, and didn’t bother replying. Anyway they were at the hospital now, Crombie had to park up or drive round the one way system again. With relief, Rhyllann heard the indicator blinking as Crombie pulled into a space intended for ambulances. 
‘Thanks for the lift.’ He muttered, tugging at the door catch, which refused to give. As Crombie leaned across to help, his jacket fell open, giving a glimpse of a stapled lining. 
‘Have to jiggle it a bit, it's temperamental.’ The door swung open scraping against the kerb causing them both to grimace and a few heads to turn. 
‘Thanks again.’ Rhyllann said wondering if he should take the empty McDonald’s bag to bin or leave it with the rest of this rubbish car. 
Crombie inclined his head. ‘What’s gonna happen to you now?’
For a moment, Rhyllann felt confused. Then he brightened.
‘Oh, don’t worry, mum rings every night. She’ll get the next train back to London.’ He lied fluently. A thought struck him. ‘My auntie: Aunt Sarah. Will they give her compassionate leave or something?’ He squirmed under Crombie’s stare. 
‘I’m afraid I’ve got some bad news about your aunt,’ He said.
Rhyllann kept his face blank. He was used to bad news. Anyway he’d already given too much away to the shambling hulk. 
Chapter Four
 
Wren had been moved from intensive care to a tiny side room off the children’s ward. His right foot was encased in a strange boot like affair; but he seemed to be sleeping naturally and the scary monitors had been disconnected. 
Surprisingly, after cautioning him to be quiet, the duty nurse allowed Rhyllann to stay with Wren. He certainly wouldn’t have allowed himself entry; he looked and smelled as though he’d spent the night crawling in gutters. Which he had. Rhyllann sank into the visitor’s chair, sighing with pleasure as it took his weight. His limbs relaxed and his mind drifted away, putting off the moment when he’d have to visit his gran. Poor gran. One daughter banged up in prison; the other a fanatical eco-warrior. He knew what she thought of him because she never failed to speak her mind. Only Wren remained her blue eyed boy. Rhyllann snorted, thinking of all the trouble Wren landed him in. Thank Christ his step-father David still didn’t have a clue why his new car had developed a terminal case of kangaroo jumps. 
A nasty little thought struck up, and Rhyllann couldn’t sit still any longer. Striding past a startled nurse, almost knocking her over as the need for urgency screamed at him, he called back over his shoulder: 
‘Sorry – can’t stop – just remembered I’ve left the bath running!’ 
Rhyllann bolted for home, too anxious to wait for a bus, terrified that someone would get there before him. Someone who would do anything to get their hands on the book Wren had planted in his school bag. 
 
Twenty minutes later, Rhyllann hung onto his front door jabbing the key into the Yale lock. Panting he stooped to collect a handful of post, little black spots floating before his eyes as he straightened to flick on the light switches. The familiar living room furnished by free-cycle welcomed him, fairly tidy, clean enough. Everything seemed the same as … when last night? Yes. Just last night. He’d finally gotten round to his maths homework after watching "Top Gear" back to back for two hours, only to discover – flying into the kitchen Rhyllann retrieved the notebook from the corner where he had chucked it in exasperation. Placing it carefully on the kitchen table, he fizzed coke into a glass, and then yanked back a kitchen chair to sit in and make sense of this nonsense. 
Feeling vaguely annoyed with Wren for using such a girly notebook, he tugged at the lock. This felt wrong, like rummaging through someone’s underwear drawer but he pushed that feeling away: He deserved to know.
Turning to the first page Rhyllann let out a groan of anguish then began giggling helplessly as he flicked through. 
 
Only Wren would write in code. Maybe he had an alto ego, and spent nights clubbing with supermodels. This thought made Rhyllann laugh out loud. The pube-less wonder had taken his geekiness to a new level. Closing the covers Rhyllann tried to snap the lock back, cursing out loud when it refused to twist into place, almost crying with frustration when it snapped off completely.
Hell. I’ll say it was like that when I found it. Knowing Wren would give a dorky smile and say "don’t worry. It doesn’t matter." Feeling guilty then annoyed again at Wren for being so geeky, Rhyllann flicked through the diary pages again, wondering what the runic symbols meant. He slowed to study a map, thinking he recognised it as the Scottish Highlands. Flipping to the last page he paused again. Wren had abandoned the code on this page, to issue a stark warning in Welsh.
 
“But the treasure is guarded by Caliburn. He who wishes to enter the secret chamber must first ensure he knows of the Celtic rites. Another may enter, provided he is accompanied by one who has been initiated into the mysteries. No other hand is permitted to touch Caliburn, sacred sword of the Celtic Nations.” 
 
Beneath this Wren had sketched a pair of cherubic looking dragons, curled protectively around a sword. 
Rhyllann shut the book, shaking his head at such naivety. Dragons and magic swords. He’d convinced himself that somehow Wren knew where aunt Sarah’s stolen money was stashed: Bloody Crombie, putting ideas into his head. Money. It all came back to money. Maybe he could convince social services that it’d be cheaper for them to let him cope with Wren while gran recovered … Rhyllann sat bolt upright as his mind threw up the one thing he didn’t want to think about; breaking more bad news to Wren. 
‘Tomorrow. I’ll sort it tomorrow.’ He said out loud. 
 
After dragging his duvet downstairs Rhyllann snuggled on the sofa, amused at Jeremy Clarkson raging against bus lanes; feeling envy at The Stig slamming round Gambon’s Corner. In the unlikely event he ever got the chance to roar round that deserted airfield, Rhyllann decided he’d use third gear there, bang the gear lever into fifth for the straight … 
Rhyllann drifted off to sleep just before he crossed the finishing line.  
Chapter Five
 
It took a second or two to realise it was his mobile and not the alarm going off. Christ! – he’d fallen asleep on the sofa, still wearing filthy trackies. He’d be late for school. Rhyllann rolled onto his stomach, sweeping the floor with his hand. Snatching the phone up, he answered without checking the caller’s name, an optimistic totally unrealistic part of his mind telling him it could be Becky, somehow having got hold of his number.
‘Wha?….’
‘Rhyllann? Rhyllann Jones?’ 
A deep gravely voice enquired, rather than the bright tones he’d hoped to hear, and Rhyllann's heart sank: Crombie!
For a second Rhyllann trod water, trying to remember the story he’d come up with. Working some spit into his mouth he brushed hair back from his forehead, wondering why his throat hurt. 
‘Hey yeah. Me.’
‘Rhyllann, it's Crombie– are you ok?’
‘Yeah. Hi Mr – DI … erm … Detective Crombie. Yeah fine. Never better.’ He slurred, playing for time.
‘Son – I’m calling to speak with your mother – is she there?’ 
Rhyllann sat up, shrugging off the duvet, rubbing at the crick in the back of his neck. 
‘Erm no, sorry.’ The words echoed around the room, emphasising the emptiness of the house. Should he say she was at the hospital? On the train?
‘I spoke to her last night; she’s asked a neighbour to pop round. She’s getting the very next train – but –’ Rhyllann thought quickly. ‘She’s gotta book twenty-four hours in advance for a supersaver ticket or such like. Else it costs an extra two hundred pounds or something.’ He gabbled, hoping Crombie didn’t hear the lies. But Crombie was talking to someone else, and when he spoke to Rhyllann again, he sounded distracted. 
’Ok son, get her to call me on this number a sap. We’ve a firm connection now to that other more serious incident and your Gran’s intruders. I really need to discuss it with her. And Rhyllann – I’d be a lot happier if you stayed at home today.’ Crombie hung up abruptly. 
 
Rhyllann snorted as he lurched to the kitchen to hunt out breakfast, mentally listing the mountain of tasks in front of him today. As if he was going to take notice of Crombie, ordering him around like some troublesome little boy. Crombie’s “serious incident” was obviously a ruse to get hold of mum. Then with a sinking feeling he remembered he still had to tell Wren about his mum, Aunt Sarah. I’ll get one of the nurses to do it. It’ll be better coming from a professional anyway, Rhyllann decided as he walked to the hospital. 
 
First though, he visited gran. She shared a room with two other elderly ladies. Screens swathed in a lilac silky material provided a degree of privacy, the beds looked clean and comfortable. Taking a seat, Rhyllann curled her hand in his. It looked tiny, parchment white peppered with brown spots. Years ago he’d tumbled into a nettle bed. Gran plunged straight after him, yanking him upwards and out of reach of their wicked stings, without flinching. He sighed heavily, stooped to kiss her cheek and after checking no nurses hovered with awkward questions pelted down the stairs towards the paediatric department.
 
He found Wren stomping up and down the children’s ward on crutches, his boot encased leg stuck out in front of him. Catching sight of Rhyllann, he waved wildly.
‘Annie – look at me.’ 
He burst into a chorus of "Jake the Peg", bouncing on the crutches. Rhyllann cringed; if Wren weren’t his cousin he would beat the crap out of him. A few of the other kids giggled, and the nurses clapped. Wren dipped his head theatrically, then swept his blond hair back from his forehead, and surveyed the room with bright blue eyes that shone with laughter. 
Dumpy little nurse Rita said: ‘You’re certainly much brighter!’ 
Wren bowed again. ‘Can I go home now?’ He asked, adding: ‘I can stay round my aunt’s house.’ When the nurse hesitated, he appealed to Rhyllann. 
‘Annie – I can stay round your house can’t I? Aunt ‘Tricia won’t mind looking after me will she?’
Caught off guard, Rhyllann mumbled. ‘Yeah – course – no problem.’   
‘That’s settled then.’ Wren said with a huge grin, allowing Rita to help him back to a room just large enough to contain a single bed and cabinet. The ceiling remained the same height as the main ward, creating a disproportionate shrinking sensation. Rhyllann gritted his teeth. Once they were alone, he turned on Wren. 
‘What the hell are you up to? You know very well …’ 
Wren punched him. Hard. 
‘I’ve got to get out of here. How long d’you think it’ll be before those men come looking for me?’
Rhyllann studied him intently, and knew. ‘They’ve been here haven’t they? You’ve seen them again. Who are those guys? What do they want?’
Wren crossed his arms and glared. ‘Are you going to help me, or am I going to tell Social Services about your mum?’ 
‘You little toerag! You wouldn’t!’ 
The mutinous look crumpled into one of exhaustion, Wren climbed onto the bed. 
‘I’m sorry. Sorry Annie. Of course I wouldn’t. ‘ 
Pretending not to notice the tears, Rhyllann perched next to him. 
‘Brawd, you know my mum ain’t here. I can’t get hold of her. I can’t even leave a message. The doctors aren’t gonna let me discharge you.’ Even though they were alone, Rhyllann spoke softly, in Welsh. 
Wren gripped his arm, eyes glistening with mischief this time. 
‘What we need is a woman to wheel me out.’
Rhyllann laughed. ‘Yeah right. Who shall we ask? Who shall we get to be "Mummy"?’ 
He didn’t like the way Wren continued to smile at him, ducking his head to peer from under his fringe. Rhyllann shook his head.
‘Oh no – no way! We’ll never get away with it! Ow! Leggo!’ He yelped; as Wren grabbed his hair, twisting it into a pony tail. 
‘Awwh – c’mon Annie! Where’s your sense of adventure?’ he giggled. ‘You know you’ve got the legs for it!’ Rhyllann slapped him away, drawing back. 
‘Get lost!’ 
Wren giggled again, then sobered. ‘Their busiest time is just after lunch, come then. All you need is a flowery top, jeans’ll be ok, maybe with a sparkly belt.’ He broke off, thinking. 
‘Scarf. Wear a scarf round your neck. Some make up. Oh and carry a newspaper, "Daily Mail" – or a woman’s magazine.’ 
Rhyllann stared. ‘You’ve given this some thought haven’t you?’ 
Wren nodded happily. ‘Don’t forget to bring some clothes for me.’ He said closing his eyes. 
 
Rhyllann thought about putting a pillow over Wren's head. It wasn’t fair. Life wasn’t fair. All his mates had normal families, brothers and sisters, aunts and uncles and cousins. He had Wren, Mum, Aunt Sarah and Gran. He didn’t count David, his step-father. No-one counted David though he supposed mum must see something in him. 
He almost envied Wren, snoring softly now. Okay, so he’d never known his real dad either, but at least he didn’t have to put up with an interloper. 
Rhyllann decided he might as well go home, and ring the school secretary with some half cooked excuse. With a shock he realised tomorrow was Friday, he’d been off school nearly all week. He really needed to get his life back on track. Rhyllann was almost out the room when he heard Wren crying. 
’I’m sorry gran, so sorry.’ Sighing, Rhyllann turned back and shook him awake.
‘You’re dreaming brawd, don’t worry, Gran’s gonna be fine.’ 
Wren tried, then suddenly gave a genuine smile. 
‘Annie – I’ve just thought – d’you think they’ll let my mum out to visit Gran?’ Hopefulness entered his voice. 
‘Maybe.’ Rhyllann muttered, remembering he still had to brief one of the nurses. 
‘Go back to sleep. I’ll see you tomorrow.’
‘Night "Auntie".’ Wren whispered, and closed his eyes again, his blond hair framing an angelic looking face. 
Christ. He really should put a pillow over his head. 
 
Chapter Six
 
Around the corner from "The Eagle", nestled between a video hire shop and tobacconist sat AA Draines. Which Crombie thought a bloody good name for a betting shop. He picked his time carefully, no bookmaker would be inclined to chat once the race meetings started.
 
This must be one of the last independent shops in the country, no attempt had been made to bring the place up to date, no fruit machines, no screens flashing the latest odds, not even a telly showing whatever meeting the BBC had decided to cover for their afternoon racing. Instead Draines relied on "The Blower", an overexcited disembodied voice blaring out the action as it happened. At the rear of the shop stood a schoolroom sized blackboard, with a few non-runners already chalked up. As various meetings begun around the country it would fill, with prominence being given to the race about to start. Once that race was over, the winners and runners up would be chalked on one side, together with the all important starting prices. The board would be rolled up as the day progressed, with earlier races disappearing from sight, obliging latecomers to request how their horses had fared. Punters wrote out bets standing at a chest high shelf underneath the newspapers’ racing pages tacked to the walls. The one concession to luxury was a forlorn water dispenser complete with plastic cups gathering dust. 
 
The blackboard stood behind a counter known as ‘the jump’ where staff took money, rang up bets and worked out returns. Staff this early in the day being Irish, and the manager, Bill. The board man would be in later. Irish manned or rather womaned the till, collecting betting slips from customers, peering quickly to ensure they were legible and the stakes had been worked out correctly, checking the odds were still current all in the blink of an eye. She practised favouritism, turning a blind eye to the fact that odds had shortened, or accepting bets even though the race had just started. Those she didn’t like had their slips thrust back at them for the slightest mistake and were curtly told “No good. Write it out again.” In another life, Irish would have made an excellent school marm, as a poker player she would have excelled, her face rarely showed a flicker of emotion. Her manager perched on an identical bar stool, with his dark head down as he read the rest of the day’s mutilated newspapers; his real work would start this afternoon. 
Irish’s stool faced the door, her face didn’t change expression as Crombie walked in, but she must have nudged Bill, who glanced up and closed his paper to acknowledge Crombie. 
‘Morning Crombie.’ His hand slid over the daily papers, ready to pass one over, many of his regulars mooched in just to have a read of the news. The place was more like a club than a betting shop. Crombie occasionally popped in on Mondays, to catch up with the weekend’s sports’ results.
‘Morning Bill.’ 
The air towards the back of the shop was fresher, double doors behind the blackboard gaped wide open. Mainly for Irish’s benefit, or rather the cigarette permanently lodged in the corner of her mouth. The fact that the "No Smoking" laws were casually disregarded was probably another reason the little betting shop would be packed out with punters later today.
‘Can we have a chat? Out the back?’ Crombie indicated the small concrete yard. 
‘No mate.’ Bill’s easygoing manner hardened, demonstrating just why all his ‘customers’ behaved in his shop even when they were losing the week’s rent. 
‘Come through if you like.’ He slipped off his stool to flip open the end of the jump, unlocking the half door beneath, to create a man sized gap. 
‘But anything you wanna say to me, say it out front.’ 
The radio came to life, dully informing listeners of yet another non-runner at rainsoaked Kempton. Irish sprung from her seat to chalk it up, patting Crombie’s arm as she passed. 
‘I’ll put the kettle on, we’ll have a cuppa.’ She said diplomatically, trotting into the small washroom where tea making facilities were kept. 
Bill plucked the lid off a tin of Golden Virginia, positioned a pinch of tobacco onto a rizla and rolled up. Settling himself on Irish’s vacated stool, Crombie waited patiently, watching Bill concentrate on getting the tobacco just so; at times he thought the guy might be a little autistic, the speed at which he settled complicated bets scorning a calculator, his refusal to accept new routine or change all pointed that way. 
Finally Bill seemed satisfied with his efforts. ‘What’s up?’ 
With one eye on the door, Crombie explained he wanted information on Mike Stern’s son, Mikey. 
‘Saw him last Friday week, other than that, he hasn’t been in.’ Bill said, rattling his paper, turning his attention back to the film review page. 
‘Was he winning? Losing? With anyone? Did he seem agitated?’ Crombie asked with a touch of impatience. 
‘Do you take sugar?’ Irish interrupted, returning with two mugs, both equally chipped and tea stained. Crombie shook his head no, wondering how Bill Palmer would react to an invitation to accompany him back to the station. Almost gagging as he sipped at the stewed bitter brew, Crombie decided against it. You could lead a horse to water, but you couldn’t make a man remember what he didn’t want to tell you. Not unless you used electrodes anyway. Irish nudged Crombie's shoulder, and wrestled her cardigan from the stool’s back. 
‘Usual Bill?’
‘Usual Irish.’ Bill didn’t look up from the paper as Irish ducked under the jump and hurried out the door, almost colliding with two heavy set gents in shiny suits. 
‘Won’t be a mo Sid, Bernie, just popping to get Bill’s lunch.’ 
‘Get us a couple of cream buns while you’re out Irish,’ the men joshed. Irish waved a fist mock threatening. Her Bill was the only one she ran errands for. 
‘Mr. Palmer?’ Crombie tried a more formal approach. 
Bill leaned across him to take a couple of betting slips from Sid, laying them by the side of the till ready for Irish’s return. 
Sid and Bernie pretended to study the day’s form, although they’d already written their bets and placed their money.
‘Detective Inspector Crombie; I’ve had half of Notting Hill in here since I last clapped eyes on the bloke. I can’t remember, even if I could, I wouldn’t tell you.’ Bill’s lips clamped around his rollie.
Crombie backed down, both he and Bill knew he could make things very awkward for several members of this cosy little shop, not least the owner, the seldom seen AA Draines. But Bill was straight up and down, and held the moral high ground. A man’s losses or gains on the track or in a betting shop was between himself and his turf accountant, and Crombie respected that. He realised suddenly that Irish was an awfully long time purchasing a couple of bacon sandwiches. Especially as she imperiously jumped queues. 
‘I understand. Thanks Bill.’ 
‘Sorry to hear about Mike Stern. How’s his grandson taking it?’ Now the standoff was over, Bill thawed. Crombie ducked under the shelf back to the shop floor, signifying his official questioning had finished. 
‘Grandson?’ Although he noted Bill didn’t bother to enquire about the son’s feelings, Crombie wanted to get away to see if his intuition was correct, and felt vaguely annoyed Bill wanted to chat now. In any case, Mike Stern didn't have a grandson … unless – 
‘That little blond kid – that’s his grandson ain’t he? Sharp little beggar.’ It seemed Bill also thought Irish had been gone too long, he rung up the two bets as he spoke, waving Sid and Bernie over to collect their receipts. 
Crombie waited for the salesmen to leave the shop, before prompting Bill again.
 ‘How do you know him?’
Bill grinned, finally lighting up his rollie. ‘Came in, wanted to put old man Stern’s bet on for the Grand National.’ Bill shrugged. ‘He was in here early. Only saw him the once.’ As though that was a defence for allowing underage gambling. 
‘Took a long hard look at the board.’ Bill gestured behind him. ‘We put the odds up bar the favourites the night before.’ Everyone in the country put a couple of quid on the Grand National, the bookmaker’s busiest day. 
‘Then he told me the race was under rung.’ Bill stared at Crombie straight faced, Crombie realised he’d been set up, but played along. 
‘Under rung?’ 
A smile spread over Bill’s face, happy to wrong foot Crombie. 
‘That’s when the odds aren’t right. If the odds don’t add up it’s under rung – too odds heavy over rought.’ Bill took a drag of his rollie, sipped at his tea, grimaced, and swallowed manfully. 
‘He didn’t know the terms, but he told me the odds didn’t add up. Bright little chap. Pleased as punch when I told him what we called it.’ 
‘Would that make a difference? Be an advantage?’ Crombie wanted to know, suddenly curious. 
Bill’s lips pursed. ‘Maybe. You’d have to know what you were doing, and it don’t happen very often. But in the National, probably not.’ 
The Grand National was anybody’s race, open to any steeplechaser qualified by its local hunt. People who never went near a betting shop all year flocked to put their money on, mainly picking a horse by name or stable colours rather than judgement, content to lose their stake in return for taking part in a national ritual. Professional gamblers avoided the race completely; anything could happen. 
Crombie pondered for a moment, he’d a vague idea of how the Tote worked and decided Bill was right. You’d have to be a mathematical genius to see then take advantage of an uneven field, in which case, you’d probably emigrate to Las Vegas or Monte Carlo. 
‘Right, thanks Bill, thanks for your time, and thank Irish for the tea.’
‘Sorry I couldn’t be more help.’ Bill didn’t sound too sorry, adding ‘If you see Irish tell her to get a wiggle on. Racing starts in an hour.’ 
Crombie was already motoring out the door and increased his pace now he had confirmation of his suspicions. 
 
Sure enough, an old lady with cauliflower hair puffed impatiently at her ciggie on the bench outside the bakery, ignoring the tuts and dirty looks from a woman on the bench opposite attempting to spoon feed yoghurt to a toddler. 
‘Took your time.’ Irish scolded. 
‘Bill gave me a lesson on the Tote.’ Crombie explained, tugging down his jacket before sitting next to the deepthroat. 
‘My old man saw a bloke who looked like Mikey in Sweeny’s Wine Bar.’ Irish said without preamble. Since Irish’s husband had fled just after their honeymoon (common knowledge) and she hadn’t seen him for nearly forty years, Crombie doubted that but kept quiet, waiting for more.
‘He was bankrolled, and drunk as a lord. Shouting down his mobile. Stan heard everything. Mikey sounded annoyed, said the book was worth a lot more, and he wanted thirty grand.’
Seeing the look of disbelief on Crombie’s face Irish shrugged. ‘That’s what I heard. I mean, Stan told me. Made me laugh too. I mean a book worth that kind of money.’
‘Is that it?’ Crombie asked. 
‘More or less. Mikey said “Tell your friend this is his last chance, then I’m going elsewhere.” Whoever he was talking to must have gone off on one. Mikey laughed – you know that kind of false laugh – and he said, “No kidding? Well as long as I’ve got the book, the Brotherhood can go play with themselves. Tell ‘em that from me.” Shortly after that, Stan saw him leaving with a couple of young girls, skirts up to their armpits.’ Casting a quick look over to the other bench, she lowered her voice conspiratorially. 
‘He didn’t say go play with themselves – he said the other word. The "F" word.’
Crombie wondered who had actually been gossiping with Irish, knowing it would be useless to ask. Instead he dug a little deeper:
‘When did all this happen Irish?’
Irish ground the ciggie out, picking up the stub and carrier bag containing Bill’s lunch, restless now and anxious to return to her little fiefdom. 
‘Doug … I mean Stan only goes to Sweeny’s for "Thank God it’s Fridays", I’d say anytime between ten and twelve.’ 
Friday night was doubles at singles price night, and it had been Douggie the electrician dishing out the dirty. But it seemed all the information Crombie was about to get, Irish patted his shoulder again in farewell, and hurried back to man her till. 
Crombie thought about tracking over to O’Halloran-Montgomery’s builders, but that meant dropping Irish in it, and Douggie probably didn’t have too much to add to her story. Casting a quick glance at the queue now snaking out of the bakery, Crombie decided to make do with a sandwich from the canteen while he wrote out his report. 
 
First though, on his arrival back at the station, Crombie ventured into the basement, where Internet intelligence was gathered. Personnel in this squad were rotated on a frequent basis, with good reason. Five men and three women sat in partitioned booths in front of monitors, their fingers skipping over keys as they peered into the slimmest of ponds, searching out and ‘friending’ low lives and 'wanna bes' on social sites. Not one head rose as Crombie entered, searching and failing to find a familiar face. After a minute or two of waiting awkwardly in the doorway, Crombie crept to the nearest desk, unwilling to break into the eerie silence of this room on the frontier of cyberspace. 
‘When you have a moment, anything you can find on these two names.’ He nudged a slip of paper torn from his notebook onto the youngster’s desk. 
‘Sure no probs.’ A chubby freckle splattered face swung round to grin at him, before switching her attention back to the conversation she, or rather her persona "Lady Gaga Gagging" was conducting with someone calling himself "The Geezer" several miles and a different life away.
‘Call me if you find anything.’ Crombie whispered, unwilling to venture into this foreign territory again, doubting even Google would throw up anything of interest based on only two names.
‘Sure no probs.’ She repeated, without looking up this time. 
Crombie decided he’d visit the hospital after lunch, although again he doubted if Mike Stern’s "grandson" had anything to add, but it would look as though he’d been thorough in his report, which would recommend surveillance. 
Shorthand for “I haven’t got a bloody clue what to do next.”
 
*
 
Surprisingly it was WPC Hewes who moved the case forward. Crombie grunted when she plonked her lunch tray opposite him, it wasn’t done for a junior officer to join a senior’s table, Hewes probably wanted to share some station gossip with him. Instead she started talking shop.
‘Any news on the Stern case Guv?’ 
Crombie shook his head, trying to decide why he didn’t like the woman. She ate with her mouth open, but many young people seemed lacking in table manners these days. She always presented well, her uniform seemed fresh out the box, tie perfectly knotted, her make-up unobtrusive, just a smear of blue liner and some pinkish lipstick, and though he was pretty certain her hair colour came out of a bottle, no roots ever showed in the blonde bob. 
It was her mouth he thought. The way the top lip lifted away from her teeth, and something about her eyes too, narrow and long, darting here and there but giving no insight into her thoughts. 
Realising he was staring, Crombie dropped his gaze to his notebook, and mentally ran through his morning’s activities, hoping she'd get the hint and leave.
When she didn't, Crombie excused himself, saying he wanted to catch visiting hours at the hospital, on the off chance young Wren Prenderson could add anything to his cousin's statement. 
‘I’ve a couple of free hours Sir, I’ll come with you.’ 
It seemed churlish to refuse, Hewes didn’t usually volunteer, and Crombie only made the slightest objection.
‘Free hours Hewes?’
‘Well, not free, I’ve got probation reports but I’ll do them at home tonight.’ Standing up as she spoke, whisking both her and Crombie’s tray away, Hewes neatly stacked the dirty plates and returned to his side, straightening the strap on her shoulder bag, indicating her eagerness to be off. 
Crombie expressed surprise in her interest as they drove to the hospital. 
‘Well, this case is a bit out the ordinary Guv,’ 
 
*
 
The children’s ward was in chaos. Kids were running riot bouncing on beds, swacking pillows against each other and generally having a ball.
While Hewes shrilled for order, Crombie cornered a dumpy little nurse, who looked close to tears.
‘Wren Prenderson – He’s been discharged. His auntie collected him not twenty minutes ago. Just before.’ She waved a hand despairingly around to indicate the mayhem, then plunged back into the fray. 
Crombie sneaked off, leaving Hewes to recover her hat from a giggling twosome now playing piggy in the middle. En-route to Rhyllann Jones’s house, Crombie placed a few phone calls using the hands free, curious to discover the real reason for Hewes’s new found enthusiasm for unpaid overtime.
 
Chapter Seven
 
Safely indoors, the cousins gave into the giggles they’d struggled to contain through the streets. 
‘Christ – being a woman is torture! Never again!’ Rhyllann hiccupped, collapsing on the stairs, levering off his mum's sandals and massaging his pulsating feet. 
‘Oh, I don’t know – suits you!’ 
Rhyllann aimed a blow at him. Then stiffened as the doorbell rang. They looked at each other wide eyed.
‘Who …?’ Wren started
‘Shush! Quiet. Be quiet.’ Rhyllann hissed creeping forward, praying it wasn’t some busy body from school. Before he could fix an eye to the spy hole a voice boomed. 
‘Crombie. Open this door please.’ 
Rhyllann ducked down. ‘Shee-it! It is Crombie! He must have been lurking. What are we gonna do?’ 
Wren looked bewildered. ‘Crombie? Crombie who?’
‘Jeez – you don’t wanna know. Detective Inspector Crombie of the Met Police. A throwback!’ Rhyllann hissed fiercely, despite his best efforts to forget the guy, an all too vivid image rose in his mind of those sharp blue eyes. 
Wren didn’t seem sufficiently worried. ‘Quick – upstairs! Get changed. I’ll stall him.’ 
‘But he’s seen me like this!’
‘Hello in the house! Everything alright?’
‘Upstairs. Quickly.’ Wren ordered with a new note of authority. 
‘Open this door, or I’ll assume you’re in trouble and break it down!’ Crombie bellowed, almost making good his threat as the door bulged under his hammering.
Passing Wren his crutches, Rhyllann spun to race upstairs. 
‘Hang on – sorry – just a moment!’ Wren yelled back.
 
Rhyllann ran in and out the shower, throwing on some track bottoms and a tee shirt before hurtling into the lounge. Crombie’s hair had been gelled back in an attempt to control it. But he could do nothing about the large frame spilling from his suit, emphasising the Neanderthal appearance. 
Wren studied his plaster cast, flicking glances of alarm upwards, as the detective paced the room. 
‘Yeah, my wife broke her ankle, playing golf. Fell down the bunker. Impossible to live with for weeks.’ Crombie said, attempting small talk. 
Wren’s head shot up: ‘Annie! There you are!’ The relief in his voice sounded far too obvious. ‘Detective Crombie’s here!’ Grabbing Rhyllann’s arm, he tugged him further into the room, using him as a shield. 
‘Hello son – bet you’re glad Mum’s back!’ Crombie said, adding ‘Can you call her? I need a word.’ 
‘Umm. No sorry, she’s not here.’ Rhyllann muttered.
Crombie frowned. ‘Yes she is. I’ve just seen her wheel your cousin into the house.’ 
‘Erm. She just popped to the shops quick. We’re out of milk.’ 
Crombie repeated slowly. ‘Popped to the shops for some milk. Shouldn’t be too long then?’
‘Erm. She said she might drop into the garage, pick up her car. She’ll probably go for a drive – make sure its working okay now.’ Rhyllann didn’t know how much longer he could keep this up. Even to his own ears, it sounded lame and he could feel his face burning.
Wren listened wide eyed, head turning from one to the other. Catching Rhyllann’s glare, and finally getting the message, he struggled to his feet. 
‘Excuse me please, Detective Crombie Sir. I’m exhausted. Annie, can you help me upstairs?’ 
‘Of course. Detective Crombie – shall I get mum to call you when she’s home?’ Rhyllann smiled hopefully. 
‘Sit down.’ Crombie growled. 
Rhyllann sat. 
‘You too son.’ 
With a anxious glance at Rhyllann, Wren sat. 
Looming over him, Crombie scrutinised the top of Rhyllann’s head for so long, his scalp crept. Unable to bear it any longer, he brushed his hair back and stubbed his fingers against a sharp metal object. Two pairs of eyes bored into him as he untangled a diamante hairclip. Glowering at Wren he thrust it into his pocket. 
 
‘What?’
Crombie blinked impassively; Wren giggled.
‘I’ve just had a shower ok? I didn’t want my hair getting wet.’ His fist clenched inside his pocket, snapping the clip in two when Crombie gave a non committal grunt. 
‘Right. Us three are gonna have a little chat.’ 
The armchair groaned as he sank his frame into it. He sat knees apart, hands on the arm rests, as though settled for the evening. 
Unnerved by the silence that followed Rhyllann prompted. 
‘An informal chat?’
Cue the crocodile smile. ‘You got it.’ Turning to Wren Crombie said abruptly. 
‘Let’s start with you.’ 
Wren flinched. ‘Me? I don’t understand. I’ve told you what I know – they wore masks.’ 
Crombie leaned forward. ‘Son, I’m here to help.’ He broke off to say. ‘You. On the sofa. I don’t want you pulling faces behind my back.’ 
Rhyllann stopped miming at Wren, and flounced over from the corner armchair to flop next to his cousin.
‘Wren. Your gran’s in hospital in a critical condition.’ 
‘I know that!’ 
‘I wanna catch the men responsible. But I need help. I’m asking you son, please.’ 
Wren looked puzzled. ‘I’ve told you everything.’ 
Crombie managed to convey disbelief without saying a word, he merely widened his eyes and waited for Wren to break.
 
As the showdown between Wren and Crombie stretched out to an embarrassing length, the skin between Rhyllann's shoulders itched, and he longed to shatter the silence. Instead he rested his chin almost on his chest, hiding behind a fall of dark hair, ostrich like. Just when he could stand no more and had to speak, Crombie addressed Wren again.
 
‘You and your cousin. You look like butter wouldn’t melt in your mouth. Your cousin looks angry enough to take on the whole world. I get the feeling both of you know more than you’re telling.’ 
Wren sighed. Looking Crombie straight in the eye he said. ‘What do you want to know?’ 
‘That’s better. Tell me what you know about Mike Stern.’ 
Rhyllann’s head shot up. ‘Mike Stern! That cantankerous old man? What’s he got to do with this – ?’ 
He stopped suddenly, confused and frightened at the expression on Crombie’s face.
‘He’s dead.’ Crombie said. 
The words hung in the air like a menacing presence. Rhyllann tried to digest this bombshell, while puzzling over the brief anger which had flared through the detective. Beside him, Wren shook; taking great gulps of air one after the other without stopping to exhale. Moving quickly Rhyllann snatched at the waste paper bin behind Crombie throwing him a filthy look in passing. 
‘Well done! Break it gently why don’t you!’ He shoved the bin into Wren’s chest, pushing his head down. 
‘Deep breaths brawd, deep deep breaths.’ 
Wren nodded, as his breathing calmed he raised his head, his colour returning to normal. Then he ducked his face into the bin again and threw up violently. With a warning glance at Crombie, Rhyllann hurried into the kitchen with the bin, returning with a kitchen roll and a glass of water. 
‘I’m sorry, sorry, Annie – thank you.’ He gasped, accepting the tissue and sipping at the water. 
Crossing his arms Rhyllann glared at Crombie, daring him to continue. Then he realised Crombie would only return tomorrow if he left now. Sitting on the sofa again, he slung an arm round Wren, feeling tremors convulsing through his cousin's body. 
‘Well? Happy now? Got what you came for?’ 
A horrible thought struck him – tightening his arm round Wren he shouted ‘You know what – you’re crazy! If you think I had anything to do with this you’re out of your mind!’ 
Wren pushed him away, more startled at his outburst than Crombie, who hadn’t moved a muscle since speaking, though his eyes followed every movement. 
‘Annie. Stop. Calm down, please don’t shout at Detective Crombie. I’m sure he only wants to help.’ Wren tried to smile. ‘Isn’t that right Detective Crombie?’
‘I will help you. I’ll do everything in my power to help. But I need you to help me – and I need the truth – and no more theatricals.’ 
Rhyllann bristled at the warning. Nudging him to keep quiet Wren tried to keep the peace. 
‘I can’t believe it. How did he …? When? Oh god, is Tinker OK? I bet he’s looking for me.’ Suddenly agitated he struggled to rise, Rhyllann pulled him back down. 
‘S’okay son. Tinker’s the dog? The Singhs are looking after it. They got worried when it wouldn’t stop barking – went to investigate – and found Mr. Stern’s body. They told my officer a school kid usually called round to walk the dog. A Welsh kid.’
Wren collapsed into sobs again. Feeling helpless Rhyllann directed his anger at Crombie; his blood boiling with the effort of keeping his temper in check. After an age it became obvious Crombie was waiting them out again; so he repeated Wren’s question. 
‘How did he die?’
Crombie waited for Wren’s sobbing to subside before replying. 
‘Natural causes. A heart attack. But neighbours report seeing a BMW and hearing raised voices. The same night you and your gran were attacked. Do you understand why I need to know more about your relationship?’ 
Rhyllann’s eyes narrowed. Crombie held up a hand against any protest.
‘Son, please. I’m not trying to fit you up. I’m satisfied you’re telling the truth. About your gran's intruders anyway. Now I’m trying to work out if Mike Stern’s visitors are connected. And your cousin’s the common link. Now let him talk and don’t interrupt, else I’ll ask you to wait outside.’ 
Rhyllann scowled. One moment Crombie treated him like an ASBO kid the next like a schoolboy. Wren trembled again and pity flooded him. The reclusive Mike Stern scorned contact with everyone. Apart from Wren. 
Squeezing Wren’s shoulder Rhyllann urged him to talk. ‘Brawd … If you know anything.’ 
Wren jerked away. ‘I don’t know nothing. If you really want to help, get out there and find the people who did this.’ He indicated his foot.  
Raising his eyebrows, Crombie folded his arms, slumping back in the armchair. Looking Rhyllann squarely in the eye Crombie said. 
‘I guess I’ll wait here for your mum to get back. From the shops, or the garage, or wherever she’s buggered off to this time.’ 
For what seemed an age Crombie surveyed the room deliberately, gaze lingering on the cobwebs in ceiling corners, the smeared mirror over the dusty mantelshelf, piled with neatly stacked unopened envelopes. He stared knowingly at newspaper spread over the carpet. And the mud encrusted Magnums and rugby boots waiting to be cleaned. His eyes wandered back to Rhyllann’s face, now burning with shame; he'd been caught out in a transparent lie like a naughty little kid. 
‘That’s blackmail.’ 
The words sounded sulky rather than rebellious and Crombie ignored them; glancing at his watch he said conversationally:
‘I’m off at six. After that I’ll have to give social services a shout.’ Both boys shuddered. 
‘Christ sakes – say something.’ Rhyllann muttered.
Swallowing hard, Wren explained. 
‘See what happened was this: Mike and me, we were friends. First I used to stop for a chat with his dog. It was his son’s dog, but he ... well he never bothered. Anyhow, it got so I was walking his dog. Then I started doing odd jobs for him. I liked talking to him. He didn’t treat me like some kind of freak for asking questions. He started showing me things.’
Both Crombie and Rhyllann straightened. 
 ‘What kind of things brawd?’ Rhyllann asked.
Wren shook his head impatiently. ‘Not like that. Don’t be silly. He was a – what d’you call it – you know – one of those people who can speak lots of different languages?’ 
Crombie knew what he meant. ‘Yeah – I know son – a poly … polyglot – or something.’ 
Wren shrugged. ‘Whatever. I mean, that sounds right.’ 
Rubbing the back of his neck, he grew quiet, searching for words to describe Mike Stern. 
Finally he said. ‘Mike … he could be a bit cagey … secretive.’ Wren grimaced, wrinkling his forehead. ‘He didn’t want Customs and Excise or anyone like that digging around.’ Wren’s voice dropped to a whisper. ‘I don’t think he declared everything, he tried to stay below the radar.’
Crombie grunted his disapproval but kept quiet. Rhyllann felt light headed with relief; too many times he’d been tempted by easy money to act as a delivery boy or flog pirate DVDs at school. Fear of being caught and thrown out of air cadets stopped him.
Wren’s voice regained its clarity as he continued: ‘But he didn’t deal with criminals, or crazies … just the people who are a bit … eccentric.’ 
He was trying to justify Mike, when everyone knew him for a contrary old geezer who couldn’t care less about what anyone else thought.
Crombie said. ‘Don’t call ‘em crazies son, it only makes them mad.’ 
Rhyllann stared. Had Crombie just made a joke? But it did the trick. Wren managed a smile.
‘And did Mike Stern show you something son? Something you weren’t meant to see?’ 
Wren shook his head. 
‘No, no he didn’t. Me. It was me. I – He let me help him. Mikey – his son does freelance - he gave Mike some books to translate – I recognized one as Welsh. Mike got really excited about it, said it was unique, hidden treasure. But that’s all.’ 
‘Hidden treasure?’ Crombie repeated. 
‘Detective Crombie, you didn’t know Mike Stern. When he said treasure – he could have meant – oh I don’t know – one of Shakespeare’s lost plays. Valuable yes, but hardly treasure. Musty old books which he spent hours transcribing, to him they were worth their weight in gold. That’s what he meant by treasure.’ 
‘So someone got to hear about this – got the wrong end of the stick – went round to terrorise that old man and then paid you a visit?’ Crombie sounded sceptical. ‘Why didn’t Stern tell the bast – men – that the treasure didn’t exist – wasn’t quite what they thought? And what did they want from you?’
‘I can’t remember what they said. I can’t. I was just worried about gran. If Annie hadn’t shown up … I didn’t know about Mike! I didn’t! I don’t know what they wanted from him. He could be really stubborn.’ 
 
Look who’s talking Rhyllann thought, clamping down on his tongue. 
‘Maybe he told them to get lost, or maybe he just clammed up.’ Wren spread his hands as he finished, inviting Crombie to agree with him. 
’Or maybe you’re feeding me a pack of lies son.’ 
Rhyllann felt a grudging respect, not too many people sussed Wren out so quickly. Now his clear blue eyes met Crombie’s belligerent stare unblinking. Streets away, an ice cream van chimed out merrily, breaking the spell. 
Crombie spoke again. ‘Alright. Have it your way. But know this young man. I’m convinced your intruders and Mike Stern’s death are connected. You’ve got a hairline fracture. Every bone in that old man’s foot had been broken. Almost certainly that’s what made his heart give out. Yesterday someone risked going back to your gran’s house in broad daylight. There’s something they want very badly. And Mikey Stern’s gone missing.’ 
Wren seemed fascinated by a spot on the carpet and wouldn’t meet Crombie's eyes. 
Addressing Rhyllann he barked: ‘On your own head son. Social services might be round at some point. Maybe they’ll swallow your cock and ball story.’ He rose to his feet, jotting a few lines in a notebook before tucking it away in a pocket. 
‘I’ll get control to change a couple of routes. You’ll see a few more police cars cruising around. That’s the best I can do for you.’ 
Pulling out his wallet, he handed over a card. ‘Call me. If anything spooks you, call me. That’s my mobile number.’ 
‘You’re not going to report us?’ Disbelief mixed with gratitude flooded Rhyllann. 
‘At least I know where you are. Better than having you running rings round social services.’ 
Rhyllann stammered his thanks. Crombie grunted, and turned his attention to Wren. 
‘Okay young man? Are you certain there’s nothing else you want to tell me?’ 
Wren raised his head looking tentative. ‘Detective Crombie?’
‘Yes son?’ 
 Wren hesitated, choosing his words. ‘If some money went missing, and one person got in trouble for it …’
Crombie’s face hardened. 
’…and another person paid it back.’ Wren continued. ‘Would that person still be in trouble?’ 
‘You’re talking about your mum aren’t you?’ 
Wren flushed then nodded once. 
‘I’m sorry son, I can’t say. I should think that would help.’ Crombie said. ‘Do you know where the money she stole is? Do you want to tell me?’ 
‘Oh for …’ Rhyllann started. ‘This is wrong.’ 
Crombie held up a hand. ‘Do you want to tell me?’ he asked again.
Looking wretched, Wren shook his head. ‘You don’t understand. The money … she gave it away.’ 
‘Gave away nearly half a million pounds?’ 
In a small voice Wren said. ‘I can’t tell you who she gave it away to. But they needed it.’ His eyes met Crombie’s, imploring, willing the man to understand. 
‘It wasn’t her money to give away.’ Crombie stated the obvious. 
Wren’s face puckered. ‘But…’
Oh hell, here we go thought Rhyllann, giving an indiscernible shake of his head. With a sinking feeling he saw the familiar flash behind Wren’s eyes as his chin jutted out. 
‘She obeyed her conscience.’ 
‘Maybe – but if we all did that there’d be anarchy.’
Rhyllann silently agreed with Crombie.
Wren still wanted an argument. ‘Maybe that’s what we need. Anarchy.’ 
Rhyllann groaned. Crombie – probably the last person in the world to welcome lectures from a thirteen year old. 
‘Careful son. Say that to the wrong people and you’ll find yourself in a world of trouble.’ 
A threat or a concerned warning? Crombie’s tone gave nothing away. 
Thankfully Wren backed down: ‘You’re right. Of course. It wasn't her money to give away.’ His face lit up expectantly. ‘Will they let her out to visit gran?’ 
Crombie shot Rhyllann a look. ‘Ask your cousin. He can explain about that,’ and scooted for the door. Rhyllann followed on his heels with the pretence of asking him to return the hospital’s wheelchair. He expected a refusal but Crombie must have felt a twinge of guilt at leaving him to break the bad news. 
 
Rhyllann watched from the doorway as Crombie attempted to lift the chair into the estate boot with one hand, struggling to hold the door up with the other. After a few minutes’ entertainment Rhyllann went to help. 
‘Thanks son.’ Crombie said, slamming down the hatch back. Fixing Rhyllann with a stern stare he gave yet another warning. 
‘Be on your guard. There’s something very strange going on and I don’t like it. I'm beginning to think this is the work of a madman. Don’t leave the house unless you have to, keep your mobile with you at all times. Put my number on speed dial. Do you hear me?’ 
‘Yeah yeah yeah.’ Rhyllann said, wishing he’d leave. 
Then Crombie said something really crazy. 
‘Watch out for your cousin too. He’s lying.’ 
With that he left, leaving Rhyllann certain that Crombie was the only madman.
Chapter Eight
 
The next morning Rhyllann scrambled eggs, chopped mushrooms and fried bread, planning to be extra nice. After Crombie left he’d steeled himself for questions. But Wren didn’t speak, rocking to and fro on the sofa, obviously deeply troubled but unwilling to share. Rhyllann tried. He cooked supper, put on a "Jackass" DVD and warned him several times to stop worrying. Wren smiled and nodded but didn’t show the slightest interest even when Rhyllann confessed he thought Becky Roberts was buff. Around nine, Wren swallowed pain killers and sleepers and bumped his way upstairs. Later, when he sobbed in his sleep, Rhyllann didn’t wake him.
 
For the thousandth time that week, Rhyllann closed his eyes and wished his own mum home. 
‘Please mum, please. I can’t do this anymore.’ Like a tightrope walker trying to juggle too many balls in the air, it seemed that at any moment he would fall and crash. He wasn’t even too sure where she was, apart from somewhere in Northern Europe. If there were animals in need, mum or aunt Sarah would be there. His earliest memory was sharing a pram with a belligerent goose rescued from the local park. Sighing, he added a glass of milk to the breakfast tray, and trudged upstairs. 
 
‘Up and at ‘em!’ Rhyllann called cheerfully entering his mum’s bedroom. ‘C’mon brawd … time to …’ His voice trailed away into empty air. Balancing the tray on a crumpled duvet, he rushed across the landing to hammer on the bathroom door. 
‘Wren – are you in there?’ Cursing, Rhyllann ran back downstairs, through the kitchen and out through the back door, making a desperate sweep of the garden. Moving methodically he checked every single room in the house. Then searched the garden again, knowing it was useless. Wren had vanished. He'd been spirited away in the night. 
Rhyllann slumped against the window sill, twisting Crombie’s card in his fingers, struggling to remember if he’d heard an engine during the night. A BMW engine. He tried and failed to think of a single logical explanation apart from “Kidnapped” of where or how Wren had gone. And with every moment ticking by without action, Wren could be further and further away. Rhyllann tried not to think about how many bones there were in the human foot. Because the word stubborn did not begin to describe Wren. 
Unfolding his mobile, he called Crombie. The last resort.
‘Detective Inspector Crombie.’
‘It’s me – Rhyllann Jones – Please Mister … I mean Detective Crombie …’
‘Sorry, I’m unavailable. Leave a message and I’ll get back.’ 
Rhyllann stared at the phone incredulously before hurling it across the room. Fat lot of good that fat bastard was! Burying his head in his hands, fingers yanking at his hair Rhyllann told himself to think! Think! Where to start searching? 
A sharp rap rattled the glass behind him; Rhyllann shot upright, spinning round with a thumping heart, certain they’d come back for him, wishing he had a baseball bat or equivalent to get in a couple of whacks first. 
 
Two inches away Wren rested on his crutches, pointing impatiently to the door. 
‘Let me in!’ he mouthed. 
Rhyllann ran to the door, flinging it open. ‘Fool! You nearly gave me a heart attack! Where’ve you been? Get in here quick!’ 
Wren hobbled in, as though he’d just taken a stroll round the garden, and not worried the life out of Rhyllann.
‘Didn’t you see my note?’
‘Note?’ 
In answer Wren clumped into the kitchen, pointing towards the fridge. There, scrawled large in red marker: “Gone home. Back soon. Me.”
That better wipe off thought Rhyllann as he followed. Outloud he said 
‘No I didn’t – normal people use pen and paper. Where the hell have you been?’
Wren lowered himself onto the kitchen bench, sniffing the air then wrinkling his nose. 
‘I told you. Home – look!’ Reaching into his pocket, he pulled out a handful of crumpled bank notes.
Rhyllann spluttered ‘But you … how did you …’
Pulling the biscuit jar towards him, Wren selected a cookie. 
’How did I get there? Taxi. How did I pay? Money. Where did I get the money from? That jar.’ He nodded over, taking a bite out the cookie. ‘Mm. I’m starved. You had your breakfast?’
‘My child benefit!’ Insult added to injury. ‘Why didn’t you ask me?’
‘You were asleep. Here – look – I’ve saved up. One hundred and twenty pounds. Put it with your money.’ Laying the notes on the table, Wren smoothed them out, humming happily. 
Giving up, Rhyllann grabbed a cloth and scrubbed at the fridge. 
‘Where’s my notebook Annie?’ 
Hairs rose on the back of Rhyllann's neck. He turned slowly, narrowing his eyes. ‘How did you know I had your notebook?’ 
‘Educated guess. Where is it?’ 
Rhyllann stared at him. 
‘What?’
‘You swapped the books didn’t you?
Wren shrugged. ‘Did I?’ He mocked. 
Grasping Wren's arms, Rhyllann dragged him off the bench, ignoring the squeals. Throwing up the bench lid, retrieving the notebook, he thrust it into Wren’s chest. 
‘Thanks.’ Wren dropped his head, studying the damaged lock with a smile. ‘You’ve read this?’ 
The words written in code with a mysterious Welsh postscript. Something clicked in Rhyllann’s mind. 
‘You recognised one of those men didn’t you? Why didn’t you tell Crombie Mikey was there that night?’ 
Another shrug. ‘Was he?’ He spoke without looking up.
‘You know damn well he was. You spoke to him. “Please Mr. Stern,” you said. I thought you were calling for old man Stern.’ 
Suddenly that night was back with him again. The other guy, the one that looked like a retired rugby player had named him too. “Leave him alone Stern, he’s only a kid.” At the time Rhyllann hadn’t stopped to worry it out. Now he started to smell a rat.
“Why didn’t you tell Crombie?’ 
‘Why didn’t you tell Crombie?’ Wren smirked. 
Rhyllann exploded; slapping both hands palm down on the table, leaning across, inches from Wren’s startled face.
‘Look you horror! Play Crombie for a fool, trick the nurses, and take the pee out your teachers all you want. But don’t jerk me around!’ 
Banging into the front room, Rhyllann slumped on the sofa, head in hands again. Hell. Hell and damn. What had he done? He would have to put up with this until … until what? Social services wised up? Until his mum got home? Until gran recovered? Crombie’s words drifted back to him. “On your own head son.” His mobile rang. Jesus, was the guy telepathic? Rhyllann scrambled across the room for it, desperate to answer before Crombie decided to come round and see why he wasn’t picking up. 
‘Hi Detective Crombie.’
‘Rhyllann – you wanted a word? What’s up?’
He cast a look towards the kitchen. In spite of everything, he couldn’t give Wren up. They were family. 
‘Nothing. Nothing’s up. I just wanted to thank you for last night.’ 
Silence. Then: ‘You being funny son? I thought you should be the one to break the news.’ Great. Crombie thought he was being sarcastic again. 
‘No. No. Detective Inspector Crombie Sir. I mean it. Thanks. I mean thanks for not … you know.’
‘Tipping the S.S. off?’ Crombie sounded amused. ‘Don’t mention it. They’re not that bad though, you might be better off with them. Until your mum gets back from the shops.’ 
Crombie’s idea of a joke. Rhyllann smiled. ‘No. You’ve met him. You’ve seen what he’s like. It’s bad enough at school, if he’s not winding the other kids up, he’s hacking off the teachers. Sad really. He doesn’t even know he’s doing it.’
‘HAH! I think he does. Anyhow, you know best. If you’re sure you can cope.’
Rhyllann nodded. 
‘You still there?’
‘Yeah, no worries. I can cope.’
‘Hurmph. We’re gonna do an appeal on the local news tonight. If your cousin does remember anything, ring me.’
Before Rhyllann had a chance to respond Crombie disconnected the call. The guy had the worst telephone manner.
 
The sofa gave a soft whump as Wren sat next to him. Without raising his head, Rhyllann apologised. 
‘S’okay Annie, I understand. You’ve got your own problems.’ 
Rhyllann’s brow wrinkled at that. Indicating Wren’s notebook, to change the subject he asked. 
‘What’s with the code?’ He grinned. ‘What are you trying to hide?’ So Wren told him. 
Rhyllann listened for almost twenty minutes. When Wren finished, he sat in stunned silence. Finally he managed:
‘You’re roasting me.’
‘Roasting you?’ Wren sounded puzzled. ‘You think I’ve made this up?’ 
He sat on mum’s saggy third hand sofa, wearing Rhyllann’s cast offs. Tee-shirt swamping him, hair sticking heavenwards, toes poking comically from a plaster cast and expected Rhyllann to believe that he held the key to a hoard of treasure. Not just any old treasure either. A King’s treasure.
‘Mike Stern gave you an ancient text. Which just happened to be written in Welsh. Which just happened to be the diary of a princess, who hid a shed load of treasure. Have I got that right?’
‘Mike didn’t even know it for Welsh Annie!’ Wren clutched at him, eyes sparkling, words tripping from him. ‘Mikey junior delivered a mountain of books for him to translate – all different languages – you should have seen them! Arabic – Hebrew – Latin – Greek! Mike grumbled – but I could see he was really happy. “Look look – they must think I’m Rumplestiltskin to spin so much crud into gold. Look my boy!” And he shoved this book at me. “Have you ever even seen such a tongue – no vowels!” But Annie I recognised it!’ Tears glistened, as Wren remembered. ‘And he laughed and said “So, the student begins to outstrip the master!” He was so happy for me – he seemed so proud. He sat down surrounded by books and began working out my share of the fee.’ 
 
A sudden vision of them both capering round Stern’s living room like two demented hobbits struck Rhyllann. He groaned, finally admitting defeat. 
‘Brawd – sorry – this just isn’t working. I’m sorry, we’ve tried. We’re gonna have to call in social services. For one thing – I can’t miss any more school.’ 
Wren started to protest, then stopped. ‘Okay Annie. I understand. I’m sorry.’
‘That’s settled then.’ Rhyllann sighed with relief. ‘Tell you what – let’s go mad this weekend – get some DVDs – curries, pizza: I’ll ring social services on Monday.’ 
Wren nodded, cradling his notebook.
‘Gran might even be home by then.’ Rhyllann added, ignoring the hurt on Wren’s face. ‘Sod it – I’ll blow the rest of my money.’
As he headed for the kitchen Wren called after him. 
‘Annie. If we went after this treasure – we’d never have to worry about money again.’ 
Rhyllann scowled. This stopped now! Spinning round, he grabbed the notebook from Wren, flung it to the floor, and stamped on it. The spine snapped under his foot with a satisfying crack. Wren grabbed his arm, gripping hard, displaying his own flash of temper. 
‘Listen! Just listen to me – I swear down. Believe. Believe.’ Wren’s eyes searched his face, urging Rhyllann to listen.
‘King John’s treasure wasn’t lost – for God’s sake – don’t you think some fool with a metal detector would have found some trace by now? He entrusted it to his daughter, the Princess of Wales.’ Wren's throat worked. ‘A fortune – the crown jewels – wagon loads of irreplaceable valuables worth millions – billions!! Your mum needn’t go undercover. She could work openly – set up a proper animal charity. My mum – we could get her out of prison. And you – you could enrol in a flying school.’ Seeing the flicker in Rhyllann’s eyes he rushed on: ‘It isn’t fair – you know it isn’t fair. You’re a natural – but the RAF can afford to be picky – Even Tescos are asking for graduates now – to stack shelves. Think! If we found that treasure – me and you Annie – we can do it!!! You needn’t worry about GCSEs and A Level exams. Hell – you could buy your own plane!’
For one magical moment Rhyllann did believe. Staring down at his best trainers, Primark’s finest, he imagined sauntering into a shop, and the luxury of trying on Nike, a smart phone and the latest MP3 player in his pocket, Becky Roberts on his arm. Then reality kicked in.
Shaking Wren’s hand off he sneered ‘Yeah – well. Why don’t you wish in one hand, and shit in the other. See what gets filled first.’ One of gran’s favourite sayings. Wren grinned, then sobered. 
‘Think about it Annie. Do your own research. I’m not pulling your leg.’ He retrieved his notebook as he spoke, placing it carefully on the coffee table. ‘Or roasting you.’ 
Rhyllann glared. ‘One. Stop calling me Annie. Okay? Enough. We’re not kids anymore. Two. Do something with your hair. It looks like some mad professor’s. Three. I’m not watching any “Black Swan’s Speech” crap. Come on. It’s going to take hours to get up the road anyway.’ 
Bickering like an old married couple, they left the house, heading for the local shops. Rhyllann adjusted his pace to Wren’s dot and carry skip, and it only took them ten minutes. It took them ages though to settle on the DVDs they wanted. In the supermarket, they stacked a trolley with pizzas, microwave meals, crisps, sweets, grabbing bottles of coke and tubs of ice-cream. Neither he or Wren speculated on what social services held in store. Rhyllann suspected his cousin conjured the same Dickensian orphanage, and was determined to make the most of his last few days of freedom.
 
With Wren perched on top of the laden trolley, Rhyllann charged round the corner, galloping for the home strait. The wheels revolved madly, spinning a complete circle, scattering pedestrians. Wren screeched in delighted terror. Grabbing the handle, Rhyllann chugged the trolley behind him cart like.
'Oi! Slow down – Annie – it hurts – mind the bumps – I’m gonna fall!’ Wren called between shrieks. 
Rhyllann whooped and sped up. Then skidded to a halt. The trolley crashed against his heels, and Wren yelped in genuine pain. Levering himself from the trolley, retrieving the elbow crutch, he lurched to Rhyllann’s side to stare at the pulsating red and blue lights dominating the road.
’Oh no. Annie … is that your house?’
Abandoning both trolley and Wren, Rhyllann sprinted forward. Of course it was his house. 
Chapter Nine
 
Wren did the talking.
'My fault, its all my fault. My cousin wanted to call social services. He even phoned Detective Crombie and left a message. I begged him to wait till Monday. Aunt Tricia had to go back to Wales. She left us some money, she didn’t want to leave – but her work’s crucial. …No, I don’t know her work number. She’s a medical research scientist. It’s all very confidential. Gran’s got the details, but we’re not allowed – in case we let something slip at school or something.’ 
Rhyllann let the words rain over him, leaning against the open kitchen door frame, away from most of the devastation. Four uniforms had arrived, one was upstairs, one interviewing Wren in the lounge, two were door-stepping neighbours. Idly he watched a cat stalking a bird in the garden, wondering if or when he should intervene. 
‘Quite an imagination your cousin’s got!’ 
Rhyllann turned his head, unsurprised to see Crombie picking his way through the doorway. He managed a faint smile, thinking you don’t know the half of it. 
Gesturing towards the broken crockery, and the cornflakes and coffee spilling from the worktops onto the floor Rhyllann said. 
‘I’d offer you a drink … but.’ 
‘Sorry son, I made a bad call.’ Something in Crombie's tone alerted Rhyllann. 
‘You set us up? Used us as bait?’
Crombie shrugged, sweeping debris from the bench to the floor, he seated himself at the table. 
‘I had bodies outside all the time. One even drove your cousin home for a tenner! These guys are professional – too professional to try anything while we were watching. They waited until one squad got called away and the other followed you … we were only minutes too late.’ Crombie shrugged again, peering at the DVD case in his hands. '“Man of the House.” That’s an oldie!’ He angled it towards Rhyllann. ‘Your choice?’ 
‘Yeah. Half naked cheerleaders and Tommy Lee Jones knocking crap out the bad guys.’ Rhyllann snorted. ‘Real life should be like that.’ 
Crombie smiled agreement. 
‘Detective Crombie?’ Wren balanced in the doorway. ‘What’s going to happen to us?’ 
Inching down the bench, Crombie patted for Wren to perch. 
‘I’ve lined a foster home up. A good one. Just temp. Till your aunt gets back from Wales.’ Adding slyly. ‘Or back from the shops.’ 
Wren grimaced, seeming fragile next to Crombie’s bulk. 
‘Wren. Wren, look at me.’ Crombie tilted Wren's chin upwards. ‘This trouble seems centred around you. Do you understand what I’m saying?’
Wren jerked away with a quick nod, staring resolutely over Crombie’s shoulder. 
‘Son – if you know anything – if there’s anything you’re not telling me.’ Crombie waited while Rhyllann counted the kitchen clock's second hand sweeping around. After a while he sighed. ‘I see. Haven’t there been enough people hurt? Mike Stern – you – your gran – your mum.’ This caught Wren’s attention; he glanced at Rhyllann, seeking reassurance, before fixing Crombie with eyes that seemed bluer than ever in a face drained of colour. 
‘Mum – what about my mum?’ He demanded. 
Crombie frowned at Rhyllann. ‘Haven’t you told him?’ 
‘I meant to … I haven’t had a chance to explain – you don’t know what it's been like here!’ Rhyllann spluttered. 
But he was talking to Crombie’s back. 
‘Your mum’s …’ Even Crombie faltered under Wren’s scrutiny. ‘Your mum – she assaulted two guards. Made an escape bid. She’s back in maximum security.’ 
Gasping, Wren bent forward as though he’d been hit, still keeping his eyes on Crombie. 
‘Lie. You’re lying. My mum. My mum – I’ve known her open a window to let a fly out.’ Wren choked. ‘Liar. She wouldn’t. Three months – her parole board’s in three months. She’s been locked up for two years!’ He turned to Rhyllann – eyes begging. 
‘Tell him Annie. Tell him!’ His voice rose, cracking painfully. ‘My mum would never do that. She wouldn’t do that to me!’ 
Rhyllann shuffled his feet. Crombie answered for him. 
‘She hoarded some valium. When they took her out for day release, she shared her coffee flask with the guards. Then hijacked the mini-bus. I’m sorry son.’ 
Wren’s face lifted. ‘But that’s not assault. She didn’t hurt anyone.’ He flailed at Crombie as though he could slap him into agreement. Crombie pinned him back against the bench with one arm.
‘She didn’t hurt anyone!’ Wren’s face contorted with fury.
Rhyllann spoke. ‘No but she made them look silly.’ 
Unable to bear anymore, Rhyllann stalked from the kitchen, into the jumble sale of a lounge. He began piling cushions back onto the sofa’s ripped upholstery, then dropped to his knees to search underneath, hunting for Wren’s notebook; wishing he could close his ears against the sobs coming from the kitchen, hating everyone in the house. Including himself. 
 
He sensed Crombie looming over him: 
‘WPC Hewes and PC Davidson will help you clear up, and secure the house. When you’re ready, they’ll take you to Mrs Reade’s. Nice lady. Salt of the earth. You’ll like her.’
Rhyllann refused to look up. 
‘Son, make him understand. She drugged two officials. I want to help you, but you’re not helping yourselves. You are in danger.’ 
Stooping suddenly, Crombie grasped Rhyllann’s wrists, staring intently into his face. 
‘Do you understand? Step out of line one more time, and I will have you locked up for your own safety.’ 
Rhyllann jerked away, trying to squirm free.
‘Rhyllann, please. I want your word. Promise me you won’t put yourself or your cousin in harm’s way.’ Crombie sounded concerned. 
Rhyllann nodded absently, his gaze still searching the room. Crombie’s grip tightened, forcing him to make eye contact.
‘Say it son.’
From the room above Rhyllann heard drawers rolling open and shut, probably Wren, packing for them both. Strange how Wren didn't seem too bothered about his vanished notebook. Rhyllann gave up.
‘I promise.’ 
For a moment he thought Crombie was going to say something else, but he merely nodded. 
Moments later the snarl of an unwilling engine signalled Crombie’s departure, leaving Rhyllann feeling strangely alone and vulnerable. 
 
******
PC Davidson explained on the drive over that Mrs Reade only took short term foster work. Mainly children whose parents needed some respite. 
Mrs Reade confirmed this, telling them to call her auntie Dottie, proudly displaying the fourteen month old baby she was caring for, then ushering Wren upstairs and into the bathroom.  
Now she bustled into the garden, hurrying over to check on the baby, sprawled on a rug next to Rhyllann, trying to grab fistfuls of hair and shouting with laughter when he succeeded and Rhyllann squealed.  
‘Little darling. Mum’s picking him up tomorrow, it’ll be just the three of us.’ 
He smiled. ‘You’re not what I expected.’ Dottie Reade was around Gran’s age, but that was all they had in common. 
Rhyllann eased a strand of hair from the baby's fist, marvelling at the softness of skin and strength of grip. The miniature hand flew open, impulsively he blew a raspberry onto the palm, delighted when the baby's eyes lit up, and the little body convulsed with merriment. Rhyllann couldn't resist doing it again, there was something addictive about being the centre of someone's world.
‘Some of us actually like kids. Couldn’t eat a whole one though.’ Mrs Reade chortled at her own joke. ‘Derek’s told me to keep an extra eye on you two. I’m to take you to school, and pick you up.’ 
Rhyllann started to protest - he’d never live it down; the coolest kid in school, well his year anyway, having his hand held like a mummy’s boy.
‘Now then.’ Auntie Dottie's voice sharpened. ‘I never ask why my kids are here. I don’t want to know. I just look after them the best I can. Derek’s laid on extra security, and until you two leave, I won’t have any more kids staying here. You’ll be completely safe.’ She said pointedly. ‘Do you want to see if your cousin’s ready for dinner?’ 
Sensing discord, the baby's face crumpled. Before it could begin to howl, Rhyllann jumped to his feet and headed for the house. 
 
He found Wren in the bedroom they’d been given, towelling his hair.
‘What d’you think of her?’ he hissed. Wren hadn’t spoken since learning about his mum. A bath and the smell of good home cooking seemed to have helped a little. Still he surprised Rhyllann when he answered. 
‘OK. Bossy but harmless. You’d better unpack.’ Shrugging a dressing gown over borrowed pyjamas he nodded towards Rhyllann’s bag. 
Rhyllann emptied the bag's contents onto one of the beds. He frowned. 
‘Did you pack this?’ He asked, showing Wren the glossy photo. A photo of him, at his first cadet camp. A chubby thirteen year old wearing a green flying suit, silver helmet, holding two thumbs up to the camera and grinning as he posed in front of a small plane. His first time: The thrill, the excitement listening to air control, then his pilot confirming flight details. The pre-flight checks, the rush to get into the air, the ground falling away behind him. On the fields far below the mid day sun projected a tiny silhouette of a plane, pleasing him enormously. Then he’d actually been given the controls. Pulling the joy stick towards him, feeling the plane respond to his every whim, dancing through air. Just as he began to anticipate each uplift and down draught, they were landing, and Rhyllann wanted more than anything to be up in the air flying again. Each time was like the first time. The exhilaration never palled. 
Wren peered over his shoulder. ‘Happy days.’ He said bleakly. 
Without comment, Rhyllann slid the photo into the bedside cabinet drawer between the two single beds. His fingers brushed against paper, and he drew out a wrap of notes. He blinked in surprise, holding them out mutely to Wren for an explanation. 
 ‘My savings. I found them on the kitchen floor.’ Closing his fingers round the notes Wren tucked them into Rhyllann’s pocket. ‘You keep it Annie, look after it. Our money.’ 
Rhyllann nodded agreement.
‘Annie … d’you think we’re safe here?’
‘We’d better be. Crombie’s threatening to lock us up.’
Wren snorted. ‘That’s their answer to everything.’ 
‘They? Who are they?’ Rhyllann lowered his voice. ‘And just who have you hacked off brawd? Who is after you?’
Wren surveyed him silently. Then: ‘Remember that beetle I showed you? I hope there’s no bugs in this room.’ With a smile he added. ‘Wouldn’t it be funny if insects spoke different languages? Like – I dunno – Welsh.’ 
With that, he turned to clump down the stairs. 
Jesus. Wren could be such a geek, and needed to get his paranoia under control. Bugged! As if his life wasn’t weird enough.
His house had been trashed, Wren’s notebook appeared to be the only thing stolen. Wren had attracted some bad company; he knew a couple of names at least. But he wouldn’t tell Crombie. Why? It hit Rhyllann like a lightning bolt. Because they wanted what Wren knew. And Wren reasoned that if he turned them in, chances were everything would come out. The whole story. Crombie and the Met Police would go after the treasure. Jeez! Rhyllann tugged at the chain around his neck. The stupid little sod. There was no treasure. Things like that just didn’t happen to people like them. The sooner he got that through Wren’s thick head the better. Except Wren was the brightest kid he knew. A year younger than Rhyllann, yet still in most of his classes. Auntie Dottie called up to him. Exhaling heavily, he rushed to shower and change. 
 
After dinner, Rhyllann casually asked Auntie Dottie if he could use her computer to access the internet. 
‘We’ve got a history test on Monday, I thought I’d do some revision.’ he said in reply to her questioning, carefully avoiding eye contact. 
‘I’ll clear away.’ Wren offered, pulling himself up. ‘You see to Baby Henry.’
‘Thank you lovey, but I need to supervise your cousin. You understand don’t you lovey? You two wash up, while I put the baby to bed.’ Auntie Dottie said firmly, leaving them with no choice but to agree. 
 
Twenty minutes later, Rhyllann was squeezed on the sofa between auntie Dottie and Wren, staring at the laptop screen resting on the coffee table.
 ‘Magna Carta – remember Annie.’ Wren prompted.
         ‘Aha! Naughty old King John!’ Auntie Dottie smiled at the chance to display her knowledge. ‘Habeas Corpus and all that!’ 
‘Habeas Corpus?’ Rhyllann repeated, clicking on the top link. 
‘Literally – "I have the body" – the body of evidence. It meant that no one could be held prisoner without being proved guilty. That’s why it’s so hard to convict someone on purely circumstantial evidence.’ She finished obviously thrilled at the chance to show off.
Wren stared at her. ‘Auntie Dottie – were you ever in the police force?’ Her chins shook with laughter. ‘Next best thing. My godson is.’ She pointed to one of the framed photos hanging on the lounge wall. 
Rhyllann froze. ‘Detective Crombie is your godson?’ 
He thought back struggling to remember if he’d said anything disrespectful. Like “Just how desperate are the Met Police for recruits?”
‘Who's that next to him aunt Dottie?’ Wren asked.
‘That’s his brother, Declan. He was in the RAF.’
‘The RAF?’ Rhyllann smiled at that. 
‘Was?’ questioned Wren.
Aunt Dottie gave a bright smile. ‘He didn’t come back from the first Gulf war.’
While Rhyllann hunted for words to say sorry without sounding flippant, Wren echoed. 
‘Didn’t come back?’
Rhyllann punched him. Wren just didn’t get subtle. 
‘He’s dead fool.’ He muttered in Welsh. 
Looking perplexed Wren rose to study the photo; aunt Dottie watched him placidly. When he finally turned back to the room, Rhyllann hunched into the sofa, wishing himself a thousand miles away. Wren’s head lowered, a restlessness stirred behind the clear blue eyes. Rhyllann knew that look. It indicated a burning question. One sure to embarrass the maths teacher, or English teacher, or whoever had stated a fact Wren Prenderson disagreed with. Nothing, not even Coleman’s promise to beat him up after school would stop him. The entire class would suffer from extra homework or unscheduled tests from a humiliated teacher. But Wren would just smile, happy to be proved right once again.
‘Are you sure he’s dead?’
Rhyllann cringed. That was it. He would beat him up. Beside him, Auntie Dottie grew very still. Finally she replied. 
‘After the war Declan stayed on in the Middle East, helping rebuild. One day he never returned to base. That was over twenty years ago.’
Rhyllann breathed again. Auntie Dottie didn’t seem cross. But then Wren gave another prod. 
‘Has he been declared officially dead?’ 
Rhyllann knew who he wanted dead, but Wren ignored his glare. Aunt Dottie simply side stepped the question. 
‘Derek wanted to join the RAF too – but of course he couldn’t.’
‘Why not?’
‘Derek?’ Rhyllann queried.
‘Detective Inspector Derek Crombie. Why couldn’t he join the RAF?’ Wren asked.
‘Would have broke his mother’s heart.’ Aunt Dottie said simply. ‘Come on now lovey, else your cousin won’t get his studying done.’ She patted the seat for Wren to sit down next to her, indicating the subject was now closed. 
Rhyllann felt a small pang of pity, then turned to study the screen. 
 
There before him were the facts according to Wikipedia. 
King John of the House of Plantagenet. Also known as the Devil’s brood. Branded a murderer, traitor and coward. Forced to sign a charter, giving unprecedented rights to barons and commoners alike. Rhyllann skimmed over this, the links to the American Constitution, the references to Ireland, Knights Templars, clicking on the link to lost treasure. A new page loaded. He learned how John had been fleeing his enemies, yet again. How his baggage train had taken a short cut across the mud flats of the River Wash, only to be engulfed by the tide. Rhyllann jumped when Aunt Dottie pulled his hands down from his mouth. He hadn’t realised he’d been chewing on his knuckles. 
‘Don’t bite yourself.’ She said.
Rhyllann didn’t like the smug smile on Wren’s face.   
‘How did John survive? Could he swim?’ He asked.
Aunt Dottie shook her head. ‘No – he took a longer safer route round. Not that it did him much good. He lost everything – the entire baggage train: One thousand men, the crown jewels, all the gold he’d gathered in taxes, various religious artefacts. According to legend, he even lost Excalibur.’ 
‘Excalibur?’ Rhyllann shivered. The fabled sword of Arthur, the great Welsh Warrior. Rightfully known as Caliburn in the Celtic myths. Wren’s smile grew broader.
‘Hmm. The Plantagenets managed to entwine their history with the Arthurian legends. Richard the Lionheart supposedly had Excalibur – that’s what made him invincible.’ Adding ‘Okay, that’s enough for tonight. Don’t want to ruin your eyesight. Turn it off.’ Wren was right. Auntie Dottie could boss for England. But Rhyllann obeyed without murmuring. 
‘Auntie Dottie – were you ever a teacher?’ Wren asked.
She laughed again, chucking him under the chin this time. 
‘Bless your heart – you’re determined to find me an interesting job aren’t you!’ Wren started to protest. ‘No sweetie – Housewife all my life, never had my own kids, so I started fostering. Keeps me out of mischief!’
‘Lucky for us!’ Wren said with the sweetest of smiles. 
Rhyllann decided to try: ‘Lucky for us.’ He echoed. 
‘Get away with the pair of you! Little charmers! Come along – bed time.’ 
She had to be joking. But she wasn’t. 
 
Laying in bed Rhyllann whispered to Wren. ‘What do you think happened to uncle Dottie?’
Wren whispered back. ‘Dunno. D’you think she ate him? She’s fat enough.’
Rhyllann sniggered. ‘Aunt Dottie were you ever a spider?’ 
Wren reached across to wallop him. Then came out with one of his stupid little bits of useless information. 
‘You know, someone once said “King John’s virtues outweighed all the virtues of any other king.” Forget who though.’   
‘Tell someone who might actually care!’ Rhyllann sneered in his best “Dr. Evil” voice. 
The room quietened. Rhyllann thought Wren was accessing his memory banks like some half arsed computer. Peering through the gloom he saw Wren had fallen asleep. Those knockout tablets worked fast. His own mind swarmed with Kings, lost treasure and mythical swords, battling to decide how much of Wren’s story to believe. 
Fact: King John had lost his treasure. Only according to Wren, it wasn’t lost, but hidden. The entire baggage train? His daughter, Princess Joan would have had to move mountains, or be a magician. Tomorrow, he would make Wren tell him everything. If he was going to be involved, he wanted equal partnership.
Uneasily he recalled practically kneeling in front of Crombie, and the promise he'd made. He’d given his word. No matter what proof Wren offered, Rhyllann determined they were both staying put, in Dottie Reade’s little haven. His stomach gurgled in contented agreement.
 
******
 
The next day, after Baby Henry’s mum collected him, auntie Dottie became even bossier. She found a heap of chores for them. Rhyllann mowed the lawn, while Wren weeded a flower bed.
‘The devil makes work for idle hands!’ She said, overruling any protests. She ignored the dirty looks and mutterings, chivvying them when they slowed, encouraging their efforts. Rhyllann found himself whistling as he tidied the lawn mower away. 
‘There! Doesn’t that look better. Now we’ll have some lemonade!’ 
Wren grinned at Rhyllann as they seated themselves on comfy wicker chairs around a green plastic patio table, knowing his cousin was addicted to the sugar buzz of coke and yearned to guzzle a can.   
‘You keep yourself busy Auntie Dottie!’ Rhyllann said, trying not to wince as he sipped. The sun shone warmly on his back. Aunt Dottie’s house was homely, the garden peaceful, and the cooking excellent. If only the lemonade wasn’t so sour. He decided it was an old people thing. Gran loved her acid drops.  
Aunt Dottie swiped her forehead. She’d worked just as hard alongside them. 
‘Phew! You’re telling me! Sometimes I do wish I had eight pairs of arms, like a spider.’
‘Four. Spiders have eight legs – four pairs.’ Wren corrected, with a meaningful glance at Rhyllann. 
Aunt Dottie chuckled. ‘Get you! Proper little know all aren’t you?’ Dusting her hands down her trousers she said slyly. ‘Churchill.’
Wren blinked politely and waited. 
‘It was Churchill. And what he said was “When the final tally is counted, it will be seen that John’s vices far outweigh the virtues of other kings” He meant the Magna Carta.’ The glee in her voice said “That’s you told! Not quite so clever after all.”
Rhyllann stared at his cousin – Wren had been right all along! Aunt Dottie's house was bugged – how else would she have known about Wren's lapse of memory last night? Carefully avoiding the amazement on Rhyllann’s face, Wren gave a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes. 
‘Course! Silly me! Churchill! Aunt Dottie, you really would make a wonderful teacher.’ Adding ‘D’you think I could have some more of this delicious lemonade?’
Rhyllann choked. 
She flushed. ‘Of course sweetie.’ Heaving herself up, she waddled into the house.  
 
‘Okay! Okay! I believe you!’ Rhyllann whispered watching Wren rooting in his pocket. ‘Oh no, brawd – you can’t – you can’t do that.’ 
‘Watch me!’ Wren dropped a small yellow pill into Aunt Dottie’s empty glass, then topped it up with Rhyllann’s unfinished drink. 
‘She could use a rest anyway!’ he hissed as Aunt Dottie returned with a jug covered with a lace top. 
‘Here we go boys! Oh Rhyllann – would you like some more?’ 
Rhyllann’s taste buds cramped in alarm.
‘Erm – I think I’ll sweep the path for you Aunt Dottie.’ 
His shoulders prickled, feeling Aunt Dottie’s happy beam on his back. Wren jabbered on about garden pests, Aunt Dottie chimed in from time to time but eventually her voice trailed away. Wren placed her floppy hat over her face, then limped over to join Rhyllann. 
‘Quick – we haven’t got long – they’ll wonder why it’s gone quiet.’ 
Rhyllann scowled. ‘I’m not running away! I gave Crombie my word.’ 
‘I just wanna talk. Without being spied on.’
Sighing, Rhyllann sat on the grass. Wren lowered himself next to him. 
‘I don’t know what you’re planning – but your notebook’s been nicked. Remember?’ 
Wren laughed. ‘Stern’s welcome to it. Why d’you think I threw in a map of Scotland?’ His eyes twinkled with glee. 
Rhyllann just stared. 
‘Stern’s son. Poor old Mike. I warned him not to trust anyone. Mikey Stern "Junior". Fancies himself as a player. He’ll never be half the man Mike was. And he knows it. He’s working team handed – some kind of  Brotherhood I think – convinced them he’s the man they need. No matter. Don’t looked so worried Annie – I told you – I’ve sent them on a wild goose chase to Scotland.’
Wren was playing a dangerous game of bluff and double bluff. Rhyllann wondered if he ever had the wool pulled over his eyes.
‘Is there anyone you trust?’
‘You.’ Wren let go a juddering breath. Suddenly Rhyllann felt sorry for him. 
‘So – what next?’
‘You up for this?’ 
The last time Rhyllann accepted that challenge he’d watched as Wren drained the contents of gran’s fat fryer into Rhyllann's step father’s newish car. Just to see if diesel engines really could run on vegetable oil.
Almost against his will he inclined his head slowly, feeling a strange excitement stir in response to the devilment in Wren’s eyes.   
‘Good. We’ll wait till Monday – school. We need to get the original text. Annie – I’ve been to London’s Public Record Office and the British Library.’
Rhyllann’s jaw dropped, but before he could get his mind round that Wren rushed on, his voice choking with excitement.  
‘I’ve checked the dates she gives in her diary. It’s all true! She was there! In October 1216, she travels with him from King’s Lynn to the Castle of Newark! The week he lost his treasure. The week before he died. She must have been frantic. The country on the brink of civil war – the King dead – and she held the crown jewels. The royal regalia. An illegitimate English princess, married to one of the last great Welsh princes. It would have been high treason. She had to do something … and she hid it – so well it’s never been found. We just have to find out where.’
Rhyllann didn’t like the sound of that. ‘Isn’t there a map or something?’ 
Wren shook his head briefly. ‘I can hear a car. We’ll talk in school Monday. I’m gonna spend tomorrow in bed or resting my foot if I can.’ With that, he sprawled full length on the grass, cushioned his head on his arms, and closed his eyes. 
 
PC Rodgers had a key. Rhyllann smiled brightly as the tubby policeman puffed into the garden. Indicating the manicured lawn – Wren and Auntie Dottie apparently asleep – Rhyllann held a finger to his lips, while giving a thumbs up signal. Returning the greeting, Rodgers crept out again. Inside Rhyllann fumed. His word wasn’t good enough for old Crombie. Right. That meant he didn’t have to keep it. Wren 's imagination ran riot at times, but if he was right about this treasure … momentarily dizzy at the thought of riches beyond his imagination, Rhyllann screwed up his eyes. He opened them again, and gazed over at Wren, slumbering peacefully. His blond hair swept over his forehead, and he looked the picture of innocence. Rhyllann sighed deeply, knowing he had once again been suckered by his younger cousin. Crombie said Wren couldn't be trusted, Wren said the opposite. Rhyllann sighed, and muttered to himself. 'Blood's thicker than water, and anyway – what have I got to lose?'
 
Chapter Ten
 
To Rhyllann’s disbelief, when Wren whinged his foot was aching and he felt exhausted, he not only got out of Sunday’s chores, but Auntie Dottie allowed him to rest in her lovely comfy double bed. Rhyllann just knew Wren was faking it. But every time he crept upstairs to check, Wren was sprawled out, sleeping with a very happy expression on his face. Although he managed to wake up long enough to eat dinner and two helpings of chocolate trifle. 
Rhyllann wanted to visit gran, but Auntie Dottie refused in spite of all his pleading. 
‘You’ve spoken to the ward. She’s off the critical, still unconscious. I’m sorry lovey. Why don’t you do some more homework?’ 
Rhyllann gave the thought serious consideration while washing up. For a moment or two anyway. Auntie Dottie kept to tradition, Sunday lunch was eaten and dishes stacked away by four. 
‘There – that’s that!’ She said. ‘Hours to cook, eaten in minutes and all tidied away.’ She beamed at Rhyllann, still wiping down work surfaces. 
 
‘Don’t worry about the floor lovey, Fred and Ginger’s about to start. Get yourself a glass of lemonade and we’ll put our feet up in the lounge.’ 
Thinking shoot me now, Rhyllann dutifully obeyed. The one bright moment coming when he opened the fridge door to discover the home made stuff had mysteriously disappeared, and he was allowed a can of Sprite. Auntie Dottie didn’t protest when he swung his bare feet up to sprawl out on the sofa, easing herself into the armchair. 
It turned out Fred and Ginger were a Hollywood couple who sung and danced at the drop of an hat. All Rhyllann could hope for was that Aunt Dottie’s contagious yawns preceded her afternoon nap, and he’d be able to switch channels. Even that hope was dashed when a gentle rapping at the front door was followed by the sound of a yale key in the lock. 
‘Who can that be?’ Auntie Dottie prised herself from her armchair as Crombie entered the room. 
‘Derek!’ She exclaimed, smiling.
‘Thought I’d pop by and see how you were doing.’ Crombie nodded to include Rhyllann in his greeting. 
Aunt Dottie fussed around Crombie, she scolded him for not phoning beforehand – she would have set out an extra dinner plate – and then asked after Crombie's wife and daughters. 
‘All fine thanks.’ Crombie seated himself in Aunt Dottie’s vacated armchair, picking up the remote as though he had full rights over the telly. 
‘Anyone watching this? The Six Nations rugby is on the other side.’ Without waiting for a response, Crombie changed channels. 
Rhyllann’s eyes widened. He’d forgotten! Wales were playing France. He tipped his head back over the sofa’s armrest to see how Aunt Dottie was taking the sudden change in schedule. 
‘Oh you boys! I suppose they’re watching "The Eastenders" round your house?’
Crombie merely grunted, and shrugged off his jacket. 
‘You stay there, I’ll get you a beer.’ Aunt Dottie picked up the jacket and hurried out the room, returning with a couple of cans and after fussing round Crombie for at least another five minutes, took herself off upstairs to watch her film in a spare bedroom. Crombie kicked off his shoes to reveal "Mister Cool" socks.
Relief mixed with pleasure ran through Rhyllann. He almost felt happy to see Crombie, and that wasn’t right. Ten minutes later, Wales converted a try, Crombie unbent enough to pour a small drop of ale into Rhyllann’s lemonade and Wren having heard the shouting limped into the room. 
‘The old biddy’s snoring woke me up.’ He complained. He did a double take at Crombie’s form filling the armchair. Recovering quickly, he squeezed between the coffee table and sofa to sit on Rhyllann’s feet. 
‘And watch that bugger too. He’s trying to get you drunk.’ He said, leaning forward for Rhyllann to ease out his feet. 
‘Speak English please.’ Crombie said mildly. 
‘I just warned Annie you’re trying to get him drunk and pump him.’ 
‘Why would I do that? When young Rhyllann's told me the truth, the whole truth and nothing but, and you don’t know nothing?’ Crombie retorted, seeming amused when Rhyllann sniggered. 
Wren turned his attention to the telly. With a sideways glance at Crombie he changed the subject by asking ‘Who are you supporting?’ 
Crombie sipped at his can, considering for a long moment before answering.
‘Guess I’ll root for the Principality.’ 
With that a general truce seemed to be declared, until half time anyway, when the score stood at 6 – 3  
‘So you’re the gambler - what are the odds on Wales holding the lead?’ 
Rhyllann looked up sharply, but Crombie was addressing Wren.
‘I don’t gamble.’ 
‘No? Not many kids know when a race is underrung.’ 
‘Talk English.’ Rhyllann muttered. 
Wren giggled. ‘You been talking to young Billy Palmer?’ still smiling he explained: ‘I didn’t know till he told me, I just saw the odds didn’t add up.’ With a shrug he added. ‘We’ve been doing probabilities in maths.’ 
This was news to Rhyllann. 
‘We have?’ He should have kept quiet. 
‘Annie – come on. You know we have.’ 
Ignoring this, Rhyllann drained the last of his lemonade-shandy, holding out the empty glass hopefully towards Crombie, who shook his head no. 
‘Look, what if you had a race?’ Wren persisted.
‘Who with?’ Rhyllann wished he’d never said anything, then wished Wren had stayed upstairs. 
‘Just you. You and you alone. Who would win?’
‘Duh! Me. I would win.’ Rhyllann chinked his empty glass against Crombie’s can, still hopeful. Crombie gave a grim smile, shaking his head again.
‘Then it’s 100% certain that you would win. Okay?’ Wren leaned forward, warming to the lecture.
‘What if you and me had a race? Who would win? – I mean normally.’ He flicked a hand towards his plaster cast as if to say “ignore this”.
‘Me.’
‘And you’re certain of that?’ Wren probed.
‘Well – almost certain.’ Rhyllann began to see the light. 
‘OK. Now what if you were carrying something? Say a sack of potatoes?’
Rhyllann gave this one more thought. Eventually he said ‘Over what distance?’
Wren leaned back against Rhyllann’s feet; satisfied he’d got his point across. 
‘There you go. You’re calculating probabilities and odds.’ He glanced across to Crombie, nodding sagely at Wren’s explanation. 
‘Now say Crombie entered the race. Who would win?’
Rhyllann couldn’t help himself. He burst out laughing. ‘Depends how many cans of beer he’s poured down his gullet.’ 
After a heartbeat, Crombie and Wren smiled to show they thought he’d made a funny too. But afterwards Rhyllann wondered at the slight hesitation. He decided not to tell Wren that under different circumstances, Crombie might not be his first choice to watch rugby with, but he wouldn’t be last on his list either. 
 
The second half of the game dragged a little, all three of them shouted when the referee awarded a penalty to France, Parra knocked it over and France were in the lead for the first time. At the final whistle the score was 8 - 9, closer to a football than a rugby result; Wales would have an uphill struggle when they played England at their next outing. 
Crombie shoved his shoes back on and went hunting for his jacket. As he re-emerged into the room, there was another rap at the door. A uniformed shape loomed against the net curtains. 
‘My lift home.’ Crombie murmured, as noises above announced Mrs. Reade too was stirring. 
Crombie placed the empty cans in one of his jacket's cavernous pockets. 
‘Who’d have thought that? France beating Wales at rugby.’ 
Rhyllann started to protest that the ref was blind, or biased, spluttering into silence when he noticed Wren and Crombie regarding each other, both poker faced.
‘Just goes to show, even when the odds seem stacked in your favour – you can still lose.’ 
Rhyllann kept quiet, not liking the undercurrent in the room. 
‘I told you, I don’t gamble.’ Wren folded his arms. 
‘Just as well then isn’t it?’ Crombie taunted. ‘Sometimes the stakes are too high.’ 
‘Do you always use police cars as your personal taxis?’ Wren asked. 
Crombie shrugged the barb off. ‘Changing shifts. Don’t worry; the taxpayer’s money isn’t being abused. Not by me anyway.’ Addressing Rhyllann he said:
‘Take a leaf out your cousin’s book. No matter how good the odds seem, don’t gamble. At least, don’t gamble what you can’t afford to lose.’
Rhyllann raised his eyebrows. Two lessons in one afternoon. Monday morning and school began to look attractive. Before he could say anything though, Crombie left the room, intercepted in the hallway by auntie Dottie who cooed over him a bit more before the front door slammed and he was gone. 
‘What the hell was all that about?’ Rhyllann demanded. Wren grimaced. 
‘Do you get the feeling Crombie’s hen pecked at home?’ he muttered, just as auntie Dottie poked her head round the door to ask what they fancied for tea. 
That made Rhyllann smirk, but later he would remember that Wren wasn’t there when Crombie first came in, and wonder again how Wren managed to know things without being told. 
 
*
 
After tea Wren got out of washing dishes again, and bagged first bath, before taking himself off to bed for yet another early night. Air Cadets ran regular first aid courses, so Rhyllann knew that knitting bones did leach energy, though he felt Wren could make more of an effort to entertain their hostess. Dealing with the elderly was more Wren's style than Rhyllann's; he usually had a supply of never ending questions to ask the old folk. 
Surfing the net was joyless with aunt Dottie looking over his shoulder, You Tube “Jackass” clips were definitely out. Several times during the evening Rhyllann thought the clock had stopped. By the time he climbed into bed, he felt exhausted with boredom. But he couldn’t sleep for fidgeting. Niggling away at the corners of his mind, was the thought of Wren’s notebook. Why hadn’t the little geek just handed it over to Mikey Stern? Although Wren loved complications. Unless he’d planned the whole charade purely to add weight to the false trail – but then …that would have meant deliberately involving gran, not to mention … Rhyllann's mind shied away, back to Stern junior and his friends. He should have told Crombie. Too late now. Crombie might even decide he’d deliberately kept quiet, and lock him up again. Rhyllann snorted; wondering how Crombie had ever made detective. Probably just barged his way into an executive office one day and refused to move. 
Rhyllann’s imagination created a Neanderthal copper who solved crimes by using his primitive senses and slugging bad guys with an oversized club. At home he kept an unruly pet mammoth, which was forever annoying the neighbours. Feeling himself drifting off to sleep, he reminded himself one last time to get the truth from Wren. Tomorrow. 
The small voice piped up again. Asking why Wren hadn’t just handed over his notebook with the false trail. 
‘Shut up.’ He murmured. ‘How should I know?’ Anyhow, what did it matter now? They were in this together. Him and Geek Features against the world. 
If Rhyllann had known the real reason for Crombie’s visit and extra patrols and police vigilance centred around Auntie Dottie’s house, he might not have been so blasé about taking on the world.  
Chapter Eleven
 
Earlier that morning, while god fearing folk were all abed, because it was dark, and the chances of being caught minimal, Crombie’s smile remained in place as he crept out from the marital bedroom and downstairs, avoiding the creaky step to tiptoe into the kitchen. Before the florescent light flickered fully on, he glided to the double door American style fridge which acted as a white board, and added a note under his wife’s neatly printed reminder for Sunday. 
D. Don’t forget. Paul and Sandra for Sunday Lunch to discuss wedding seating arrangements & bridesmaids’ bouquets. .
Three red lines of marker ink underlined ‘Don’t forget.’
Still grinning broadly, Crombie drew a frowny face, and then scribbled: “Sorry sweetheart. Gotta a phone call from the top. They want me at the Yard.” 
Rummaging through the ironing basket he found a not too wrinkled polo shirt and a pair of jeans. The only socks he could find were ‘Mister Men’ novelty socks, but no one would see them. Snatching up his jacket from behind the front door, he eased open the dead bolt, and peered outside at the car blocking his drive: Crombie could just make out the uniformed driver by dawn’s first light. 
The ominous disembodied voice demanding his presence at Scotland Yard should have filled him with foreboding, instead, Crombie thanked his lucky stars rather than cursing his misfortune. He knew his wife would handle the in-laws-to-be just fine. In fact, things would probably go smoother without his presence. 
With barely a twinge of guilt, Crombie eased himself into the passenger seat, buckling his belt as the car purred away, heading towards Central London.
 
*
 
Despite a campaign by the present mayor of London to open the “Black Museum” to the public; since 1877 the police had steadfastly refused to make a “peep show” of their macabre collection of murderers’ weapons and artefacts. Rightly so in Crombie’s opinion, too often victims became forgotten while murderers and their crimes gained notoriety. That didn’t stop him from peering at the letters under the glass display case supposedly written by "Jack the Ripper". To Crombie’s mind they were almost certainly hoaxes, no great detection feat really, as three were completely different in handwriting and syntax. In any case, outside of fiction, serial killers enjoyed their work too much to risk any chance of getting caught. Aware of a soft breathing beside him, Crombie turned around, to come face to face with a man he hadn’t seen in over twenty years. 
‘Cavan Beckinson.’ The name sprung to his lips, and memories of Hendon and recruit training flooded back. Cavan had been born middle aged, but now he’d grown into his looks. Iron grey hair and half moon spectacles rimmed in a lighter grey perched on a long aristocratic nose, were the only apparent change in the man. Cavan had barely gained a pound in weight; although he'd always been big boned. His taste for handmade suits from Savile Row hadn't changed either. 
‘Derek old man. Good to see you after all this time.’ As Cavan shook hands he grasped Crombie’s upper arm, squeezing gently. Beckinson had been slumming it back at Hendon, clearly out of the other recruits’ league and destined for higher things. Whilst training, they’d barely exchanged more than a daily greeting; yet Beckinson appeared to reflect Crombie’s pleasure at meeting someone who’d shared his youth.  
Still grasping his arm, Beckinson guided him out along the corridor and into a corner office, the outer walls were composed of glass. Crombie walked behind Beckinson’s desk, gazing down at minions scurrying below, even a pre-wedding meeting with his daughter’s intended parents suddenly seemed more appealing. Somehow he doubted Beckinson had summoned him for his opinion on the Met’s latest “Community Care” campaign. 
Crombie kept an impassive face as Beckinson steered him over to a pair of bulky cream leather sofas, while congratulating him on his recent commendation, his daughter’s coming nuptials, his wife’s progress at the local WI, and his youngest daughter’s qualification as a scuba diver. Formalities over, Beckinson got down to business without any further beating about the bush. 
Pushing a round low coffee table to one side, he dropped a file into Crombie’s lap, before sitting opposite; beneath their feet was a rug of Moorish patterns, mainly worked in muted reds, greens and cream. 
Receiving a nod to his enquiring glance, Crombie opened the file as Beckinson talked him through the reports in his plumy accent. Crombie scratched his head as he finished. Then re-read the file in silence. He hadn’t realised Mikey Stern had tried and failed to become a police officer. According to Beckinson’s report, he’d been chucked out of Hendon for "inappropriate racial remarks and behaviour." Even stranger, it seemed WPC Hewes had attended Hendon at the same time. Peculiar of the woman not to have mentioned it before now. 
Across the way, Beckinson let out a barely inaudible sigh of relief, slumping against the sofa’s back for the first time, as though acknowledging he’d made the right decision to bring Crombie in. 
‘You’re putting me between a rock and a hard place you know that don’t you?’ 
‘Sorry old chap. The cookie crumbles that way sometimes.’
‘You can’t freeze me out. I want in on the Interpol meeting. And I want some of the action.’
Beckinson nodded, as though he’d expected nothing less of Crombie. Rising to his feet, he stretched his hand out again for Crombie’s shake. 
‘The kids? They’ve been contained?’
Crombie thought for a moment. ‘They’re in a safe place. I’ll make certain they stay put if they know what’s good for them.’
Beckinson accompanied Crombie to the lift, this time the welcome warmth of the Spring weather provided the safe topic of conversation. 
Before the lift doors whispered closed, Beckinson jabbed out a hand, and held them back for one last question. 
‘You think they’ve recovered the text?’
 
‘From the burglary you mean?’ Crombie clicked his tongue uncertainly. ‘No idea. Rhyllann Jones told PC Davidson nothing of value had been taken from the house. Both kids are lying. The older kid’s an honest liar though. The younger one … I dunno. He’s upset about gran, devastated by the old man’s death. But.’
Cavan peered at him from above the half moon glasses, his benevolent expression at odds by the sharpness with which he read Crombie's mind. 
‘But you think he could have prevented all this?’ 
Crombie hesitated. Then: ‘Yes. That kid’s got his own agenda.’ He paused again, unwilling to admit it: ‘And it scares the life out of me.’
Riding down alone to the ground floor, on exiting the building he climbed back into the courtesy car, and directed his driver to Dottie Reade's house. 
It was time to let Wren Prenderson know Crombie was onto him.
 
 
Chapter Twelve
 
Every head in the classroom swivelled as Rhyllann entered. Becky patted the seat next to her. Rhyllann flushed, but before he could make his way over Marcus and Alex mobbed him. Clamouring to know where he’d been, how Wren had broken his foot, and why they’d been driven to school.
‘Well, I can’t really say too much – it’s on-going – but …’ The class quietened as the headmaster stalked into the room, looking as though he’d caught a whiff of rotten eggs. 
‘Rhyllann Jones – if I can tear you away for a moment.’
Wren waited in the corridor, swamped in Rhyllann’s out grown jeans and a borrowed shirt and hoodie, he looked about twelve.
‘Hey Annie. You and me are special. We’re having private lessons.’ 
Mr Robinson sniffed. ‘You certainly are special. Follow me please.’ He flicked at Rhyllann’s hair and frowned. ‘I thought I told you to get this cut?’ 
Wren snapped. ‘He can’t. It's his religion.’ 
Robinson’s eyebrows rose, wrinkling his bald scalp. ‘Pray do tell. And what religion would that be?’
‘Pantheism.’ 
Rhyllann sniggered as Robinson unlocked the naughty kids’ room, his bony fingers white with rage. He’d never heard of Pantheism either; from the look on Robinson’s face he couldn’t wait to scurry back to his office to look the word up.
Catching Robinson’s glare, he slumped into a seat, slinging his bag on the desk.
‘I see you know the drill.’
Wren protested shrilly. ‘This isn’t right! Why are we here? We haven’t done anything wrong.’ 
‘I’ve been asked by a Detective Inspector Crombie to ensure your security at all times. He seemed to infer that my position here as headmaster depended on it.’ 
Rhyllann groaned. Way to go Crombie, he thought. 
‘But …’
‘But nothing. Get your books out, and settle down to work.’
‘I don’t have my books. I don’t have anything.’ Wren sounded sulky. 
‘Then I suggest you sit quietly, and contemplate on how much easier all our lives would be if everyone minded their own business, stuck to their own jobs, and let others get on with theirs.’ 
Robinson swept out the room, having got his own back on Pantheism.
‘Annie … say something Annie.’ 
Rhyllann refused to answer. Something about this room sapped his will to live. He didn’t even protest when Wren reached over, rummaging in his bag. 
‘Sit down Master Prenderson.’ Wren spun round, his head swivelling as he searched for the cameras. 
‘This is an infringement of my human rights.’ He stated to the room.
‘Duly noted. Take it up with Detective Inspector Crombie.’ 
‘At least let us sit in the library – I haven’t done anything. We haven’t done anything. We’ve got a right to an education. You’re just picking on us. It's because we’re Welsh.’ 
A melody of electronic bleeps sounded. Rhyllann frowned over at Wren, hands busy under the desk while he kept up an non-stop triage against injustice.
‘My mobile!’ he hissed. 
Wren made a fierce face at him. Seconds later he passed Rhyllann's crappy old mobile, held together with duct tape, back. With mounting incredulity Rhyllann read the text sent to all contacts in his friends’ folder. 
‘You little turd. You’re gonna get me killed.’ 
Wren jerked his hands upwards. ‘I said they can blame me.’ 
‘Yes. You sent “blame me” on my mobile. Everyone’s gonna think it was me!’ Not to mention using up all his credits.
‘Whoops!’ Wren rocked with suppressed laughter, Rhyllann clenched his fists. 
‘You bastard!’ he hissed. At that moment the fire alarm sounded – clamouring throughout the building. Wren grabbed his elbow crutch. 
‘C’mon Annie – I think the quickest way out is through that window.’ 
Snatching up his bag, Rhyllann followed, murderous thoughts rampaging through his mind. 
They shuffled through excited throngs of chattering kids towards the school gate. This was just stupid. They’d never make it – outside the school grounds they’d stick out like sore thumbs Rhyllann thought, spotting WPC Hewes darting from group to group. 
Rhyllann chewed his bottom lip, thinking he could bluff his way out of this, pretend the fire alarm text was a joke which someone had taken seriously. Then the stork like Robinson appeared on the school steps. He could put up with Hewes’s sarcasm and Robinson’s scorn; but not both. Not today. 
Dragging Wren with him, he strode away from the gate. WPC Hewes had seen them! She was headed this way! Oh hell, at worst they’d be thrown back in the naughty room.
‘Nothing to do with us – someone playing a silly joke …’ The lie died on his lips. Ignoring him, WPC Hewes broke into a trot, tilting her head to speak into her radio, passing them blindly. 
Wren pulled at his arm. ‘Quick! We can crawl through that hedge – into that back garden.’ Rhyllann scanned the playground again – no one looked in their direction. He squeezed after Wren praying there was no-one in the house. 
A narrow side passage connected the rear garden to the front. Unbolting the wooden side gate, Rhyllann peered out cautiously. Half the neighbourhood crowded onto the pavement to watch as three massive fire engines roared up to the school, sirens howling, lights blazing. Some residents had kids at the school, they hurried to the gate, straining for a closer look. There was no sign of the policewoman, or any teachers, and the street would never be busier. 
‘C’mon. Now or never. Just carry the crutch – hang on to my bag.’ 
Wren nodded. With an odd lurching motion they moved unnoticed away from the crowd. Rhyllann tried to ignore the persistent little voice in his head telling him to turn back: Turn back and face the music before it was too late. 
Chapter Thirteen
 
They hobbled along the small parade of shops, trying to look inconspicuous; at least they weren’t in school uniform. Rhyllann felt panic setting in, any moment he expected a hand to clamp down on his shoulder. He couldn’t shake off the feeling they were being followed. He kept his eyes downcast, certain everyone was looking at them. He hadn’t meant to make a bolt for it, not without getting a lot more from Wren. Wren had forced his hand. In fact, he seemed to be in charge now. Rhyllann didn’t like it. 
‘You and me brawd, are going have a long chat. Soon.’ 
Wren nodded, his face drawn and pale. Rhyllann paused, trying to picture the best place to hide – the shopping mall – gran’s house – or … Wren plucked at his sleeve.
‘Annie, round here.’ On the corner of an alley leading to the shoppers' car park was a building society. Above it were the offices where Aunt Sarah once worked. Blinds covered all the windows, the offices had been empty for months, the building society closed for years. 
‘We can’t break in …’ 
Wren swiped at him, tugging him into the alley where the office entrance was located. 
‘Quiet. Let me think.’ His fingers tapped the security panel as he spoke. Shaking his head, lips moving silently, he tried another number, then another. An electronic buzz sounded, and the door swung open, giving access to a small brown carpeted entrance hall. Six paces away, a wide staircase climbed two flights to the offices above, and safety.
‘They change the code, but just rotate the sequences!’ Wren explained. 
‘You never forget a pretty number do you?’ Rhyllann teased, grateful to get off the streets. Hanging onto the banister, Wren hopped up the stairs, pushing through double swing doors into the main office. As little kids, they’d often called in after school, doing homework in the room which doubled as a kitchen for the office workers, waiting for aunt Sarah to accompany them home. Most of Mr Green’s “girls” were grandmothers; he and Wren had been treated like princelings. 
Now Rhyllann drifted through the open plan office feeling a sense of relief tingled with sadness for its forlorn deserted state. Desks and chairs had been shoved to one side, the huge photocopier remained in place. Some of the stuff dated from the eighties, probably too heavy to shift down the stairs. From the kitchen he heard cupboards banging and went to see what Wren was up to. 
‘Look – cup-a-soups; half a jar of coffee; a tin of Quality Street! And they’ve left the kettle!’ Water gushed as Wren filled it, thrilled with his finds. ‘The ‘letric’s still on too!’ He crooned.
‘Allow that!’ Rhyllann mocked. ‘There’s a McDonald’s up the road.’ He swung himself up on the worktop counter, the wad of notes burning a hole in his pocket. The comfy sofas had been left behind too. They could camp here for days, living off take-aways until gran was out of hospital. Or Crombie managed to catch up with Stern and his pathetic gang. Maybe get a couple of sleeping bags, or a duvet from the local shops, it would be almost home from home. 
‘So brains. What next?’
’Pen and paper. Take notes!’ Now they were safe, Wren had recovered his brightness. 
It seemed Rhyllann had to do the leg work. Collect the text, then visit the library for more information on John and his lost treasure. 
‘The diary is only across the road there – I can get that. I’ll change the entrance code at the same time.’
‘What?’
‘I’ll change it back again when we leave.’
Rhyllann spoke slowly. ‘No, not that. This precious diary. It’s where?’
‘It’s waiting over the road. “Mail boxes are us.” Mike posted it to his own box number.’ 
Rhyllann loved it. ‘Jokes man!’ He said.
 
‘OK. We’ll go over there together, then back here. You change the code. Tell me the new number. Then research at the library. That ok?’ 
It sounded like the script from "Shaun of the Dead". 
‘Kill dad, get mum, rescue Liz …’ Rhyllann chanted, following Wren as he levered himself down the stairs. 
 
Rhyllann shifted his weight from one leg to another, under the shop-guy’s blatantly curious stare. He started upright, relieved when Wren emerged from the storeroom, a bulging A4 jiffy envelope tucked under his arm. 
‘My granddad’s.’ Rhyllann babbled. ‘His war memoirs. I think they’ve been rejected by every publisher in the country now!’ With that he rushed to open the door for Wren, then headed towards the library armed with the new key code and a new confidence now that school was officially out. 
 
*
 
With his research complete, Rhyllann strode back to Green’s old offices, clutching a sheaf of papers. He found Wren asleep on the kitchen floor, surrounded by sweet wrappers, a mug-a-soup congealing in the sink. Slumping on one of the armless sofas next to him, Rhyllann began reading through the printouts obtained from the library. 
For all John’s faults as a king, the man adored his children. All thirteen of them. Which as one historian pointed out made it unlikely he had murdered his own nephew. Rhyllann grimaced and read on. John arranged good marriages for his children, another sign that he wasn’t too despised by fellow kings. One of his illegitimate daughters had married Llwellynn, Prince of Wales. It seemed she frequently travelled into England as her husband’s representative. The last recorded meeting took place in 1216, the year of John’s death. The year he lost his treasure. Rhyllann’s eyebrows rose. Beside him, Wren stirred. Slumping to the floor beside him, Rhyllann handed over his material. Wren perused it sleepily, then sat bolt upright. 
‘Ohmigod! Annie!’ Throwing his arms around Rhyllann, Wren hugged him so tightly ribs crackled in complaint.  
‘It’s true! It’s all true. Means, motive, opportunity!’ 
It is true, Rhyllann thought. My geeky little cousin. The lost treasure of the Plantagents. With a rush of pleasure he remembered Wren talking nonsense about flying schools and private planes. Wriggling free he asked. 
‘I thought you’d already checked all this out?’ 
‘I did. It just seems so long ago.’ Wren answered, rummaging around him. 
‘This what you’re looking for?’ Rhyllann asked, pulling the slim leather bound book from under Wren. He flicked through the pages, there was writing to just one side. The ink was faded, the pages yellowed. The words were almost indecipherable. 
‘You little geek! How on earth did you manage to make anything out?’ 
Wren shrugged. ‘Once you get used to the handwriting and syntax, it all follows. Welsh hasn’t changed that much.’
‘This paper feels strange, like velvet.’ Rhyllann ran his fingers to and fro, stroking the lushness like a cat’s fur. 
‘Hmm. Probably vellum. Or something like that.’ Wren said, looking preoccupied. ‘Annie – d’you think Mr Green's photocopier still works?’ 
Rhyllann wrinkled his brow. ‘Dunno. If it's got paper in it. Probably. Why?’
‘It might be an idea to make a copy of this. There’s only about thirty pages. Then I can make notes as I go – you know – if anything seems important.’ 
Rhyllann studied him. Wren's nose was back in the book, eyes scanning as he turned pages rapidly. 
Rhyllann rubbed at his face wearily. ‘I thought this was too good to be true. She doesn’t say where she stashed the treasure does she?’ 
This earned him a rueful look. 
‘She meant this book for her brother, Henry. Or his heirs, the future Kings of England. There must be a hidden message in this text.’ Wren speculated. ‘See – if this had fallen into the wrong hands –even her priest could have taken it for the church. She had to be obtuse.’ 
Rhyllann mulled this over. ‘Obtuse. So – does she give any hints about the treasure?’ He asked, trying not to sound sarcastic. Wren patted the book.
‘Reading this, I’ve learned a lot about Joanie.’ He flicked at the notes taken from the net. ‘She represented her husband at her father’s court. Both were crafty old warriors. John entrusted her with the royal regalia. She was smart Annie. Real smart.’ 
Rhyllann could practically hear Wren's mind ticking over. 
‘And?’
‘And I’d bet money this isn’t the only clue she left. There’s probably been others, maybe lost forever, maybe locked away, maybe even laying in someone’s attic.’
Rhyllann handled the book again, stroking the covers with a sense of wonderment. This could so easily have been overlooked. Would have been, if Wren didn’t hang with old man Stern. 
‘So what next?’ he asked.
‘Photo-copy the book. I’m gonna read through again, I’m missing something.’ 
Rhyllann felt cheated. There should be a beautifully drawn treasure map, with a large X marking the spot. 
‘Your princess wasn’t that clever. She let Llwellynn catch her with another man!’ He said spitefully. 
Wren stared. ‘What!’
‘Read it yourself! There – see! Llwellynn hung him, and exiled her.’ 
Wren grabbed the print out from him, and read, open mouthed. 
‘Cornwall – he banished her to Cornwall. But he took her back. Forgave her. Annie – do you think …’ 
That was Wren’s trouble; he thought too much.
‘Whatever. I’ll photocopy your book, then I’m gonna get something to eat.’ 
 
*
 
Waiting for the photocopier to warm up, Rhyllann examined the book again. According to Wren it had been written by a scribe, the equivalent of a business person dictating to a typist. Although Wren claimed it was handwritten, the letters were so perfectly formed they seemed printed. As the machine spat copies out Rhyllann tried and failed to make sense of them. No wonder most people were illiterate in the Middle Ages. His attention was drawn back to the little animals which embellished the initial letter every fifth page or so. The scribe had given them fine detail, foxes winked slyly, snakes slithered and lions snarled. Thankfully there were only thirty pages. Rhyllann shuffled them all together neatly and turned, only to collide with Wren who was staring at him as though he’d grown an extra head. 
‘Excuse me!’ He said when Wren continued to stare. 
‘Say it again.’ Wren slurred, eyes glittering feverishly. 
Rhyllann thrust the photocopies at him as he pushed past.
‘I said excuse me.’ 
Wren dragged him back, fanning out the papers on top of the photocopier, stabbing at each miniature picture. 
‘Fox! Hedgehog! Viper! Lion!’ He squealed, pointing to each in turn. 
Rhyllann played along, not realising that only moments ago he’d been unconsciously naming the animals himself. 
‘Yes. Moo moo. Woof woof.’ 
Wren clasped a hand to his forehead. ‘It couldn’t be that simple. Could it? It couldn’t be that easy!’ He traced the air with one hand, eyes fixed in the distance. His gaze refocused as he began thinking outloud. 
‘Annie – we need the Latin names for these animals. I’ll make a list – you run back to the library.’ His fingers drummed the pages as his mind continued to tick over. ‘I don’t think it’ll be quite that simple either. We still need the keyword.’ His voice trailed off. Once again he clutched Rhyllann’s sleeve. ‘I think we’ve found it. Look.’ Rhyllann wondered what he was looking for. Then words jumped out at him from the margins. What appeared to be an elaborate frame on each page in a mosaic design morphed into letters when Wren held a blank page over the bottom half of the frieze. 
‘The key words. Hidden in plain sight.’  
Taking the paper from him, Rhyllann did the same with the next page then the next – delighted with the medieval optional illusion. 
‘If I can figure how to do my name – hey brawd – this’d make a great tattoo!’ 
Ignoring him Wren swept empty stationery boxes from the nearest desk and started hunting through drawers for paper and pen. 
‘Bring those copies over here. I’ll make out a list. Animals are classified in Latin. I’m certain she would have taken no chances.’ As he spoke Wren stooped over the desk jotting down notes, muttering.
‘But a Welsh translation won’t hurt.’ Raising his voice he added ‘If you hurry – run – you should just make the library. Get fish and chips on the way back.’ 
Feeling bemused, Rhyllann passed the copies over. Wren must have sensed his bewilderment. Still he scribbling, he explained his theory. 
‘This is Joan’s last entry. She tells how King John entrusted her with his treasure. She wants it found. She’s dying though, alone and weak. She refers to her father’s great secret which she holds in trust, she probably hints at the code in an earlier letter. Maybe she even had someone at her nephew’s court who would be able to transcribe. But if I’m right – if these animals together with the keyword spell out where the treasure is …’ He paused waiting for Rhyllann to catch up. 
Rhyllann thought about it. Finally he said ‘You’re right. It’s too easy. Too simple.’ 
Wren’s face hardened, drawing himself up to his full height he snapped. ‘Then do me a huge favour. Humour me.’ 
Rhyllann snatched the list from him, anything to shut him up. ‘Right. But this is the last time.’ 
Wren gave a soppy grin. ‘Thanks Annie. Don’t forget the fish and chips. Plenty of salt and vinegar.
Rhyllann banged out the office muttering through clenched teeth. ‘No wonder you got no friends. No social skills.'
Chapter Fourteen
 
Should have gone for McDonald’s after all. Rhyllann mused. The chips were soggy, the fish dry. But his stomach craved comfort so he carried on shovelling food down. Wren sat opposite, eating absently with one hand, while his eyes devoured Latin terms. Rhyllann swallowed hard. Then he swigged coke to wash down the manky chips, thinking back to the perfection of the roast chicken Mrs. Reade had served up. 
Outloud he said ‘Poor auntie Dottie. I bet she’s having kittens,’ stuffing fish into his mouth as he spoke.
Without glancing up Wren replied. ‘She was. I told her we were fine and not to worry.’ 
The fish turned even dryer in Rhyllann’s mouth. He clutched at the desk for support. 
‘You what?’
‘I rang her. Just now. While you were out.’ Wren looked up, a softer expression in his eyes now they were so close to victory. ‘I felt really bad about – you know – slipping her a sleeper. I called her. Told her not to worry. Chill. She’s fine.’ He grinned. ‘Wanted to chat with me. I thought I’d never get off the phone.’ 
Swallowing hard, Rhyllann swept the half eaten warmed over meal into a pile, wrapping the paper round it tightly.
‘Annie! No! I haven’t finished!’ 
‘Shut up you idiot!’ Rhyllann glanced around the office. ‘Get your things together. Quickly.’ 
‘But I did 141 first. They can’t trace it. Anyway – I used your mobile.’ Wren nudged it across the desk. 
Snatching it up, Rhyllann screamed at him. ‘They’re the police. Of course they can bloody track mobiles!’ God – the place stunk of fish and chips. ‘Get your stuff together. Hurry!’ Without waiting for a reaction, he bolted for the door and hurled himself down the stairs, desperate to get rid of the vinegar soaked paper. Hitting the street running, Rhyllann sprinted to a bin at the alley’s entrance; eyes darting left to the street, then right to the carpark. A green estate car carefully reversed into a parking space; tyres squealed to his left, he spun to see a marked police car mounting the pavement. He whirled to race back to Wren. 
They had seconds. Slamming the door behind him, Rhyllann hurdled the stairs taking them three at a time. 
‘Hurry. For god’s sakes hurry. They’re here.’ 
Wren stood in the middle of the office, clutching his papers and crutch, his eyes wide and staring and his feet seemingly frozen to the spot. Rhyllann rushed over to him.
‘My bag didn’t you get my bag? Wren!’ He shook him. ‘Wren MOVE IT!’ 
‘Where are we going to go Annie? What are we going to do?’ 
The only way out was through the main door. Trapped like rats! Rhyllann looked around wildly, pushing down the panic scrabbling in his stomach. Even if they weren’t twenty feet above street level, the windows opened at the top, and then only a couple of inches. Mr Green kept a long wooden pole with a hook at one end to open and close them. His eyes continued to travel upwards, along the suspended ceiling. Grabbing the pole and arching backwards, Rhyllann prodded the tip against one of the polystyrene tiles. Wren’s face lifted. 
‘Those Perspex sheets – they push out – that’s how they replace the lights.’ 
Finally moving, Wren began dragging at the desk they’d been using, Rhyllann rushed to help position it under a fluorescent light cover. Springing up, he stretched for the Perspex; shoving with the flats of his hands, feeling it pop from its lodgings, sliding it over the neighbouring polystyrene tile. He looked down at Wren, whose upturned face had twisted in suspense. 
‘Can you manage?’ Rhyllann asked brusquely. 
Wren nodded, clambering onto the desk. 
Somehow Rhyllann managed to hoist him through the opening, feeling his weight lift as he swung onto a beam.
There were voices outside the door now – Rhyllann froze; recognising Crombie’s growl. 
‘Tell them either they give us the right code this time or I’m breaking this door down.’ 
Oh thank god, he thought. Thank god Wren changed that bloody code. Running into the kitchen, he snatched up his bag. Sweet wrappers littered the floor, but that could have been anyone being greedy. Spinning round, Rhyllann ran back into the main office – his eyes darting everywhere, trying to satisfy himself that they had everything. The place reeked of chip shop vinegar, but they might just get away with this. He glanced upwards, at Wren’s anxious face peering down. Rhyllann leapt onto the desk, ‘Brawd – quick – my bag!’ throwing it up as he spoke. Jumping back down, Rhyllann shoved the desk against the wall, swiping the surface with his sleeve. Then he propelled a high backed manager’s chair into position beneath the opening. 
‘Wren – help me!’ Balancing on the seat in a crouch, he climbed onto the armrests, knees against the back. By stretching every sinew, he could just about reach Wren’s outstretched hands. ‘Don’t let go … don’t let me fall.’ Gripping Wren's hands tightly Rhyllann took his weight from the chair, which swivelled under the balls of his feet. Hurriedly, he pushed upwards as Wren straightened, straining backwards, turning red and grunting with exertion. Now they were past the point of no return, Rhyllann's hands tightly around Wren's wrists, while Wren's hands gripped Rhyllann's so hard it hurt. Their veins raised to form twine that seemed ready to burst from their skin. But he was moving upwards, Wren grabbed him by the waistband now, and Rhyllann flopped onto a supporting beam, stout and rough and rugged. Reaching back down, Wren used his crutch to propel the chair away from their escape hatch. They both cringed as it collided against the photo copier with a reverberating rattle. 
 
‘Get a hammer then man, or something – I want this door opened!’ Crombie bellowed.
‘Sir, if they’re in there – there’s no other way out!’ 
Rhyllann rolled onto his back, and closed his eyes with relief. Wren prodded him – they needed to replace the Perspex. Wide beams crossed the perspex areas, but the tiles themselves were flimsy. Cautiously they slid the panel back, it quivered in their hands making high pitched musical sounds. Wren motioned to the wall – they would be safer there. They crept forward along a beam on their hands and knees, disturbing the thick dust layering the crawl space, the ceiling brushing hair, the rough wooden beams bristled with splinters that rasped against Rhyllann's palms. The only light source came through the florescent light covers, a dim glow which added to the claustrophobia. Rhyllann kept his breathing shallow, trying not to inhale, feeling bumps raising on his skin, hoping they didn’t disturb any mice. Or rats. Just as they reached the wall, and turned to huddle against it, the entrance door crashed open. 
‘The diary. Did you get the diary?’ Wren’s eyes stared out from a face plastered in beige powder. 
Rhyllann hissed back: ‘No – I told you to get everything together. I’m sure we didn’t leave anything – ‘
’The photocopier. We left it under the photocopier.’ There was nothing they could do about it now. 
With exaggerated calmness Rhyllann said ‘Don’t worry. They won’t look there. It’ll be fine.’
‘Annie…’ Wren moaned, as an army of feet pounded up the stairs.
 ‘I said don’t worry!’ He snapped. ‘Now shut up!’ 
Another thought struck him. Delving for his mobile, Rhyllann snapped it open, tore out the sim card and unable to think of any other way to get rid of it, gulped it whole. Wren watched with a guilty expression. Rhyllann grinded his teeth together in an effort not to spit out exactly where he wanted to shove it. 
 
Orders barked from Crombie: 
‘Search everywhere. I want those kids found.’ 
But if they weren’t in the open plan main office, that left only a smaller front office, the kitchen, and two toilet cubicles to check out. Rhyllann listened to the noisy search. Wren nudged him. 
Rhyllann swung round, still angry with him. ‘What?’ 
Wren pointed to a water tank, in the far corner. 
‘They won’t look up here.’ Rhyllann said through gritted teeth.
With an emphatic jerk of his head Wren jabbed him hard, and began crawling, sending a flurry of dust up Rhyllann's nose; it flew along his sinus to settle against the back of his throat.
‘Guv – we’ve searched everywhere.’ 
‘Guv – Guv – I found this – under a pile of sweet wrappers.’ Footsteps hurried into the main office.
They had reached the safety of the water tank now. In the gloom, Rhyllann glared at Wren, who clutched at him in panic. 
‘The book!’ he moaned. 
‘It’s an envelope Guv! Look – the post mark’s recent!’
A different voice chimed in. ‘Mail boxes – there’s a depot opposite.’ 
Crombie’s voice again: ‘Good work! Stick your nose inside – smell that? – Leather! Get across the road, I don’t care if they are closing – find out what they know.’ 
‘Guv?’ A woman’s voice.
‘Quiet. I’m thinking. They were here. They collected something from that depot, a book or a wallet maybe, had fish and chips, and felt comfortable enough to phone Dottie Reade.’ After a couple of minutes silence, Crombie said. 
‘Play it again.’ Wren’s voice sounded, followed by aunt Dottie’s. The recording was too muffled to make out words. 
‘Listen, he says “Don’t worry, we’re safe”.’ Crombie gave a bark of laughter. ‘Stupid stupid kids. They don’t know who they’re dealing with.’
‘Heard anymore from Interpol Guv?’
‘They’ve tracked ‘em to Scotland. The locals are keeping ‘em under tight surveillance until the big boys get there. ’ 
Rhyllann felt Wren nudge him excitedly. 
‘Guv – you don’t think the kids will try for Scotland do you?’ 
‘God knows. Tiller!’ Crombie bellowed the name.
‘Yes Guv?’
‘Get on the blower. Tell HQ I want a description circulated. I want every copper in London looking out for these two. A blondie on crutches, and a lanky dark haired kid travelling together. Then get round their houses, get a recent photo of them. And question the neighbours again. Take Sam with you. Tell him to phone in his report on the Mail Box lead. Oh and Tiller, gran’s out of ICU, find out when she’ll be well enough to make a statement.’
‘Sir!’ Tiller left, sounding relieved to be safe from Crombie’s bellow. 
‘Jesus.’ Rhyllann breathed. Gran was out of danger. Thank god. 
‘WPC Hewes – search this place again. Top to bottom. Open every drawer, look under every desk!’
‘Sir.’
‘Where’s Rodgers?’ 
‘Downstairs Guv, guarding the entrance door.’
‘What!’ The swing doors banged open, Rhyllann heard him roar: 
‘Rodgers! Get your fat lazy ugly backside up here now!’
 
 
Footsteps trudged up the steps. Rhyllann felt trembling next to him. 
‘Stop it.’ 
‘It isn’t me.’ Wren whispered back, sounding aggrieved. Seconds later though, Rhyllann felt an arm creep round his shoulders. He slumped between Wren and the water tank’s comfortable lagging. They’d made it. They’d gotten away with it. The next moment, Rhyllann's hair follicles prickled as his scalp tightened with fear.
 
‘PC Rodgers – come here – look up there – that’s a suspended ceiling.’
‘Guv?’
‘There’s gotta be an access – a hatchway somewhere. Find it!’
‘Guv?’
‘I want that ceiling searched!’
‘But Guv – ‘
‘Don’t "but Guv" me!' Crombie bellowed, ' – they were here, stuffing their faces with fish and chips not five minutes ago. I can taste the bloody vinegar! I smell sweaty kids!’
‘But Guv – there’s no way to get into that space.’
‘They have to replace the lights don’t they? There must be an access. Find it!’ 
The woman’s voice spoke again. ‘Guv – even if there was a way – how could they have got up there? They’re only kids.’ 
Rhyllann and Wren clutched at each other hysterically.
 ‘Kids! Lemme tell you something about kids! They’re even more unpredictable and obstinate than women!’ Crombie sounded beside himself with rage. 
‘I’ll pretend I didn’t hear that sexist remark. Sir.’ 
‘Do that! And I’ll pretend those kids didn’t vanish from under your nose WPC Hewes! Let me remind you bloody Interpol’s flying in tonight. I’ve gotta explain how two school kids managed to outwit one of my officers! Now Rodgers – get the hammer, and break one of those bloody lights!’
Wren scrabbled against Rhyllann, pushing him closer against the water tank. They were both trembling now. Crombie sounded furious. Rhyllann began rehearsing a story – they were spooked by the school's fire alarm – panicked – run away. Thank god you found us Detective Crombie, we’ve been so scared. Something like that might work he told himself. Wren nudged him again and Rhyllann realised he’d been muttering outloud. A desk scraped across the floor.
‘Guv. I’ve searched everywhere. There’s nothing here.’ The policewoman sounded anxious.  
‘Right, thank you,' and then as if trying to make amends, Crombie repeated 'Thank you Christine. Back to the station. I want an appointment with Ladygate prison. Don’t take no for an answer. I wanna interview Sarah Prenderson first thing tomorrow. And get onto Interpol again. See what they know about Patricia Hanover, nee Jones, nee Prenderson. I want that madam found as well.’
‘I thought she was working in Wales Sir?’
 Rhyllann listened intently now. 
‘Wales my backside. I know Ms Jones of old. She’s into all that Green action nonsense. More likely feeding the whales in some godforsaken ocean.’
 ‘Nothing wrong with Green Peace Sir, they do a lot of good work.’ WPC Hewes said sharply. 
‘Oh I agree. Sarah Prenderson, she did a lot of good work too. Proper little Robin Hood, giving to the poor. The point is, those two women abandoned their kids.’ 
 
Rhyllann felt Wren’s hand clamp over his mouth. He shook with rage. Footsteps trudged up the stairs again. 
I hope PC Rodgers has found a hammer, I hope they do find us, because then I'm going to put Crombie straight about a few things…
 
‘Sir? I thought the eldest was fourteen.’ The policewoman's voice interrupted Rhyllann's thoughts. 
‘Yeah. Fourteen years old. Do you remember being fourteen? Arrogant enough to take on the world. They don’t know who they’re dealing with. Just as dumb and stupid as their mothers. Can you wonder at it? The way they’ve been dragged up?’ 
Rhyllann struggled harder. He was gonna kill Crombie!
‘Stop.’ Wren warned. ‘We’ll show him!’
As he spoke plastic erupted, glass exploded and fuses blew. They shrunk back, pressing into the wall, squeezing almost behind the water tank, with barely enough room to breathe. 
The outline of a head appeared, and a torch beam lapped the crawl space. While he waited for Rodgers triumphant shout Rhyllann determined to manage at least two kicks at Crombie. He felt Wren’s hand clamp tightly over his mouth again, preventing him breathing. Shaking him off, Rhyllann took small shallow breaths, barely inflating his lungs, certain Rodgers would be able to hear the pounding of his heart, beating like a drum. The torch beam glowed feebly into the corner nearest them, sweeping their way now, faltering as Rodgers double checked a shadow, moving on, it had almost reached them. Any second now they would be caught like deer in a car headlights. Rhyllann felt a feathery tickle in his throat, and swallowed frantically, desperate not to cough. The light flickered over the water tank; paused, and moved on. 
Rodgers called down. ‘Empty Guv. Nothing up here.’
For one crazy moment, Rhyllann wanted to spring to his feet in protest. Instead he grabbed Wren, feeling dizzy. Wren shushed him. Crombie might decide to take a look for himself. 
‘OK Rodgers.’ Keys jangled. ‘Bring my car round the front, then you can guard that door until the carpenter gets here.’
‘But Guv … ‘ 
‘Just do it Rodgers!’
Silence followed. Wren whispered tickling his ear. 
‘The diary – they didn’t find it.’ Rhyllann looked at him in astonishment. 
‘Allow the diary – why didn’t they find us?’
‘Dunno. Maybe he convinced himself we weren’t up here?’
That sort of made sense. ‘Come on.’ He nudged Wren. 
‘No. He’s still there. And that copper Rodgers – you heard him.’ Wren continued to speak in a whisper.
‘He isn’t there – it’s your imagination.’
 
‘Hi sweetheart. It's me.’ Crombie said.
Rhyllann’s heart stopped.
‘Yeah – just phoning to say it looks like an all nighter. Listen, I need a favour. I’ve gotta get up to Yorkshire, then maybe Scotland. You know what tomorrow is. Will you go for me? Take some flowers maybe?’ 
Crombie paused again. ‘Yeah, I’m sorry love. I know you think it’s a waste of time, but it means a lot to me.’ He paused. ‘And him. Just write “Tigger” on the card.’
Rhyllann decided Crombie must be talking about a visit to his brother's grave. Or more likely a memorial plaque.
‘Thanks love. I’ll call later to say goodnight to the girls.’ 
Silence descended again. Rhyllann was just about to make a move when Crombie started talking to him.
‘Rhyllann Rhyllann Rhyllann. Where are you son? Why couldn’t you trust me?’ 
Less than four feet above Crombie's head, Rhyllann snorted. Wren squeezed his arm in sympathy.
 
At last Crombie heaved a sigh, then tramped downstairs. They heard him re-issuing orders to PC Rodgers, then he was gone.
 
 
‘Phew.’ Wren stretched his legs out, then arched his back looking blissful.
Rhyllann still fumed. ‘Did you hear him? Did you hear what he said about my mum – your mum? How dare he!’ 
It hadn’t been so much what Crombie had said, but the contempt in his voice.
‘He doesn’t understand Annie. Don’t worry, he’s just an ignorant copper.’ 
Rhyllann dropped his head on his hands, propped his elbows on his knees and brooded. 
‘Yeah. You’re right. I’ll show him.’ 
‘How long d’you reckon we should stay up here?’
‘Wait till the carpenter’s been. Best.' 
 
The water tank gurgled, warm and comforting. Slumping against its soft lagging Rhyllann tried to blink away the grit in his eyes and somehow fell asleep.
Chapter Fifteen
 
'It isn’t there.’ 
Rhyllann jumped, slamming down the photo-copier lid.
‘Brawd! You scared me. Why didn’t you wake me up?’
He wandered over to where Wren sat at an office desk, flurries of dust motes swirling in his wake. 
‘Where is it?’ Rhyllann asked, rifling through the paperwork swamping the desk surface. 
‘I told you – it’s gone. One of those coppers must’ve found it.’
Pins and needles prickled in his foot, his head felt muggy, he wanted to shred his skin to pieces and he stank. Rhyllann just wasn’t in the mood.
‘What are you on about?’
‘I don’t have it. I’m damn sure you haven’t taken it. One of Crombie’s lot must’ve found it. In the photocopier.’ Wren sounded unconcerned.
Rhyllann sat down on the floor, rubbing at his tingling foot, resisting the urge to dig at his skin. 
His head swam as he tried to work this one out. Had Crombie known they were there all along? Had Rodgers pretended not to see them? Were they playing an elaborate hoax?  Still crouching on the stairs, giggling, ready to jump out with a “SURPRISE!” 
Rhyllann shook his head. That was Wren think. 
‘But who? Why? …that doesn’t make sense.’
‘It doesn’t matter. I’ve managed to make out the hidden message. I know where we need to go.’
Rhyllann raised his eyebrows.
‘Wales.’ 
Wren might as well have said the moon. Rhyllann stood up to peer over Wren's skinny shoulder. He’d outlined several words on the photocopies. On a separate sheet of paper was written: Noon. Equinox. Standing stone. Taffy’s Folly. Rhyllann read them again, then a third time. It still made no sense. 
‘What’s with all the scribble?’
Wren indicated a block of letters, pointing with ink stained fingers: ‘We were right! A simple alphabet code. See?’ He grinned. Rhyllann didn’t, but kept his mouth shut, fearing a full blown explanation would follow. 
‘And these words spelled out. Makes sense really. I mean – unless the sun dropped out the sky, or someone moved the monolith.’ Pause. ‘Or changed the equinox.’ Wren giggled at the thought. 
Rhyllann thumped him. ‘Stop talking in riddles. Please.’
‘On either equinox, the standing stone known as Taffy’s Folly will cast a shadow. A particular shadow cast by the sun at equinox at noon.’ 
‘Right. When’s the equinox again?’
‘Rhyllann Jones! Even you must know this: the earth tilts as it rotates, so the angle of sunlight alters by degrees every twenty four hours. Well, every twenty three hours and fifty odd minutes.’ Wren added quickly, ending on a gasp. ‘Spring equinox was four months ago – your birthday actually. All we have to do is locate Taffy’s Folly, see where the shadow falls, count backwards – or forwards – and adjust the angle.’   
‘Can’t we just wait for the next equinox?’ Rhyllann asked. 
‘No. It’s two months away. Someone’s got Joan’s book. They could be working on this code right now!’
Surveying the messy workings out, tables crossed through, letters ticked off, exclamation marks and what appeared to be maths formula, Rhyllann silently wished them luck. 
‘Where’s Taffy’s Folly?’
‘I just told you. In Wales.’
‘Wales isn’t that small. Whereabouts?’ 
Wren started doodling, refusing to met his eyes.
‘You don’t know, do you?’ 
‘We can go to the library. Google. Google earth.’ Still Wren wouldn’t look up. A lead weight settled in Rhyllann's stomach. ‘"Taffy’s Folly". Are you sure it’s in Wales?’ 
‘Pretty sure.’ 
Christ! Rhyllann headed for the toilets. He wanted a steaming mug of strong coffee, a hot shower and clean clothes. He had to make do with a basin of warmish water and a squirt of washing up liquid. No wonder Rodgers had missed them. They were camouflaged head to toe in dust.
Dabbling a corner of an old tea-towel into the water, wrinkling his nose, Rhyllann began sponging; allowing his thoughts to wander. The kitchen overlooked the main street, he watched the early morning traffic, people wandering into shops, people emerging from "Mail Boxes R Us". He smiled at the genius of old man Stern, remembering the look on the guy’s face as he and Wren waltzed out the shop, with probably the most valuable book in the country. That's when the sledgehammer hit him, wiping the smile off his face. 
Still clutching the tea towel Rhyllann banged into the main office in time to catch Wren chucking a handful of painkillers down his throat. He paused then swallowed hard.
‘What?’ The fierceness in Wren's voice confirmed Rhyllann’s suspicions. 
‘You lying cheating…’ Words failed him and he spluttered helplessly before spitting out: ‘You. Lied. To me!’ The betrayal finally named, Rhyllann flew across the office, grabbing at the chair arms, swivelling Wren around, pinning him down. 
Wren glared up at him. ‘I didn’t lie.’
Bright red spots danced in front of Rhyllann’s eyes; grabbing Wren by the shoulders he dragged him upright and shook him so hard his head snapped back.
‘You liar. You filth! You lied then. You’re lying now!’ Specks of spittle flew from him. Wren cringed, raising his arms in a pathetic attempt to shield his face. Disgust rippled through Rhyllann and he dropped his hands; throwing the towel to the floor. 
‘I’m finished. I’m outta here.’ 
 ‘Annie please.’ 
Rhyllann didn’t falter, pushing against the main doors, then tugging them open. 
‘Annie; don’t do this.’ 
And he had to turn his head. 
‘Please Annie, please don’t leave me.’ Balanced on his crutch, leaning against the desk, Wren looked like the loneliest person in the world. 
‘You’re all I’ve got.’ 
Snarling, Rhyllann stalked back. ‘I’ll listen to what you have to say. You don’t lie though. Not to me. You tell me everything. Then I swear down I’m getting hold of Crombie. No more games brawd. No more games.’ 
Trembling; with downcast eyes Wren lowered himself back into the captain’s chair. ‘How did you know?’ 
Rhyllann snorted. ‘I might be a lot slower than you, but I get there in the end. Mike Stern didn’t post that diary to himself. You did! It was you. You stole it!’
He blinked away the red spots this time, feeling his blood flame, then run cold at the danger Wren had put them all in. 
‘Those … those thugs! They thought Stern had the book. You knew they’d come looking for it. You knew!’ Rhyllann shouted, sweat breaking out on his palms. ‘Why didn’t you tell them? You could have stopped all this!’ 
Wren’s hands crept over Rhyllann's. ‘I’m sorry. So sorry. You’re right. I didn’t … I never meant for gran to get hurt. I thought they might come round. I … I thought once they realised I didn’t have the diary …’
Rhyllann ripped his hands away; ‘You thought you could fob them off with me didn’t you? Didn’t you?!’ He raised his voice to a whine: 
‘Oh please Mr. Nasty Guy, please don’t hurt me. I don’t know where the diary is, but my notebook’s round my cousin’s house. You were going to …’
‘No! Don’t think that! I’d never …’
‘Shut up! I’m talking! Crombie warned me not to trust you! You were gonna hang me out, just drop me in it! Like you dropped Mike Stern, like you dropped ...’
Wren exploded, his normal serenity replaced by fury. ‘Stop it. Just shut up for five minutes! Do you think I wanted this? Do you?’ 
Stunned into silence Rhyllann waited. 
‘You have no idea. No idea.’
‘So tell me.’ The words hissed from him and he clamped his lips over his teeth tightly.
After a long moment Wren spoke. 
‘Like I told you. Mike had about fifty books to transcribe. Eight of them in Welsh. I started translating them.’ His face glowed suddenly. ‘Can you imagine how I felt … The third book I picked up …’ He bit his lip, shaking his head at the wonderment. ‘I didn’t realise; not at first … but as I read on it became clear, so clear. And I didn’t know what to do Annie. I didn’t know who to trust.’ He was trembling again, and Rhyllann felt the familiar pity. 
‘Why didn’t you …?’
‘Tell you?’ Wren smiled. ‘I wish I had. I wish to hell and back I’d spoken to you first. Believe me.’ 
For some reason, almost against his will, Rhyllann smiled back. 
‘Anyhow, maybe I panicked. Maybe I thought …’ Wren broke off shaking his head again. ‘I replaced two of the Welsh books with Latin texts. I hid one in Stern’s house as a decoy. The other – Joan’s book – I posted to myself.’ He frowned. ‘But they were smarter – or didn’t trust Stern – they kept records … when they received two extra Latin books … they realised something had been taken.’ 
‘But why go to all this trouble? How did they know it was so valuable? I mean – even old man Stern didn’t recognise the language.
Tears stood in Wren’s eyes. 
Rhyllann groaned. ‘You told Stern.’ He groaned again. ‘And Stern went back for more money.’
Wren started babbling. ‘Mike never believed in the treasure. He taunted them with it. He actually told them that the diary explained where she’d hidden the treasure. But he never really believed. When I realised that they knew …’ Wren's head dropped again. 
‘You’re right. I planted my notebook on you as a double decoy. But Annie, I swear to god. I was going to tell them …I never thought the old man would be – his own son for god's sake! I knew they'd be round, I thought I could reason with them, we’d drive round your house – you’d be cross – but hand over my notebook with the phoney map and everyone would go off happy.’
Rhyllann buried his head in his hands, rubbing his eyes hard. Pushing himself off the desk, he stumbled towards the door again. With startling speed Wren was at his side, spinning him around. Rhyllann shoved hard; Wren buckled, clutching at him; for a second they were both off balance and they crashed to the floor, this time Wren pinned him down with surprising strength. 
‘Where are you going? Don’t you get it? You heard what Crombie said … It worked Annie! The plan worked. Stern’s Brotherhood are in Scotland. The cops don’t know where to start looking. We’ve got a clear run.’ Blue eyes glowered down, inches from his own. ‘Do you really want to crawl back to Crombie … put up with Robinson’s sniping for another two years? Do you?’ He shifted allowing them both to sit up. 
‘Is that what you want? Everyone laughing at us? Whispering behind our backs? There’s the door. I can’t stop you.’ Wren pointed back to his notes, jabbing his finger for emphasis. ‘We’ve done the hard part. Gran’s in hospital. Mike … well … Mike’s dead. Your mum’s about to get caught red handed. My mum … she’s lost parole … you almost got a criminal record. I never meant for all this to happen. But it has. Are you really gonna let it all be for nothing?’ Cupping his hand, he pinched an imaginary wafer.
‘That close Annie. We’re that close.’ 
The fight drained from Rhyllann. He couldn’t argue anymore. Pushing himself upright, he stumbled away again, this time to the kitchen doors. Again he paused, swinging his head round. 
‘Come on. We need to get cleaned up and outta here before Crombie comes sniffing round again.’ 
And Wren’s face lit up like the sun breaking through clouds.
Chapter Sixteen
 
Wren had been wrong. Taffy’s Folly stood on Bodmin Moor, in Cornwall. Not quite the moon, but almost Land’s End. Thank God for Google, Rhyllann thought. A little part of his mind noted the latitude and longitude as he murmured to himself. 
“Taffy’s Folly. This impressive monolith is supposedly haunted by the spirit of a lady in exile. According to legend, she watches from this vantage point, longing for her husband to realise that the whispers against her honour are without truth, and ride to her rescue. Some speculate the lady in question is Gwenivere, awaiting King Arthur.”
Wren dug him in the ribs. ‘Joan. Waiting for Llwellynn! Finished?’ Without waiting for a reply, he googled travel information. 
‘Grief – Look at the train fares – We’ve only got eighty quid left. We’ll have to go by coach.’ 
‘Keep your voice down!’ Rhyllann glanced around the library, his gaze skirting the group of pensioners noisily playing cards. The flat screen telly caught his attention. Twenty-four hour news played silently. Rhyllann watched idly, then froze as an image of gran’s swollen face filled the screen. 
‘Jesus – Wren!’
‘If only we had a credit card – ten per cent off for on line bookings.’ 
Rhyllann thumped him. ‘Look!’ 
Wren’s head jerked up – in time to catch his own face being replaced by Rhyllann looking angelic for once in the annual school photo. He read outloud from the subtitles.
‘Police have taken the unusual step of issuing photographs of two school children they are anxious to trace. Oh my god. Annie.’ 
 
Earlier, buoyed up by his success, Wren had taken charge again. Using nail scissors he hacked at Rhyllann’s hair, ignoring the protests. Water and dust combined to make their hair spike up in a nod to fashion. Wren’s had turned a reddish blond, Rhyllann’s a dull brown. Wren insisted on cutting through the plaster cast on his foot, and dumping the crutch saying that air cushioned trainers would be just as supportive. Some second hand clothes from Oxfam added to their altered appearance. Taking a tube train to the end of the line, they found themselves in the genteel suburb of Ruislip. Now Wren crumpled. This wasn’t fair. Rhyllann yanked him from the computer station.
‘C’mon. Quick.’
They were on the run again.
Chapter Seventeen
 
‘Call Crombie. Let’s turn ourselves in.’ Wren had started limping again. 
A vision of Crombie’s crocodile smile prompted Rhyllann to snort. 
'No way. You sit here. I’ll get us something to eat. You’ll come up with a plan. I know you can do it.’ he spoke positively. Adding ‘You’ve done the hard part!’ 
They were at a crematorium on the outskirts of town. Rhyllann left Wren in the park like cemetery to jog back to a garage they’d passed earlier. His neck felt naked and exposed; in somebody else’s discarded clothes he felt less Rhyllannish. He’d shed a skin. It felt strange, a little frightening, but exhilarating too. 
The garage perched at the top of a steep hill. Rhyllann stocked up with sandwiches, snacks and drinks. On impulse, he pulled a map of the British Isles from a bargain bin, thinking it might come in handy. At least it was down hill from here. He paused to admire the view. The town lay behind him; in front, fields and woodlands. He let go a whoop as he recognised the landscape. Shouldering his bag, he sprinted back down the hill to Wren. 
‘Sorry Annie – I’ve been wracking my brains – but I just can’t come up with anything. Apart from walking.’ He gave a wry smile. ‘We might get there for the autumn equinox!’ 
Rhyllann handed over a sandwich, peeling another from its pouch for himself, dancing from foot to foot. 
‘Don’t worry. I’ve got it. I am a genius.’ 
Flopping on the grass next to Wren, he explained his plan between mouthfuls of ham and bread. 
Wren stared at him. ‘You think we can just walk into Denman aerodrome, and steal a plane? Are you mad? Did you keep your brains in your hair?’ 
Rhyllann grinned: Just the reaction he’d expected. Not everyone could share his vision.
‘Yep. It’s a banging idea! I am a genius!’ And he set to work convincing Wren that gaining his blue wings on a cadets’ gliding course qualified him to pilot a plane into Cornwall. 
‘At least if we crash, we’ll only be killing ourselves.’ He finished.
‘But you flew gliders.’ Wren protested. 
‘Powered gliders. Hardly any difference.’ 
‘But you’ve never gone solo.’ A sore point with Rhyllann. 
‘I won’t be solo. I’ll have you.’ 
Wren fell silent. Probably thinking that they’d be caught before they even took off. 
The silence grew. ‘Say something!’ Rhyllann urged. 
Wren raised troubled eyes to him. ‘Will we have parachutes?’ He asked tentatively. Laughing outloud Rhyllann threw his arms round him, then jumped up to cartwheel around the crematorium. 
 
*
 
They risked a bus ride into Denman village. Rhyllann had never been there before; the cadets’ mini-bus had taken a different route to the aerodrome, a mainly private affair just outside the affluent village. Two or three, sometimes four small planes circled above them. They walked in the general direction of the planes’ take offs and landings.
Wren’s misgivings faded in the bright sunshine. He walked with only the slightest limp through country lanes, pointing out kestrels, damselflies and rabbits until Rhyllann told him to shut up. Not that he didn’t appreciate nature; it just seemed a bit girly to go into raptures over a butterfly. 
 
Three ponies hung their heads over a gate, Wren stopped to chat and stroke them. Yet another girly thing Wren enjoyed. Every weekend he traipsed out to Epping common to muck out stables just for the chance to bounce around on some old nag’s back. Gran and Rhyllann were united in their disapproval of this activity. 
‘You should get danger money brawd.’ Rhyllann advised one weekend, watching his cousin schooling yet another bolshy overfed under-worked pony. But Wren just smiled and carried on travelling out to Epping. 
 
Rhyllann’s stomach fluttered as Denman Aerodrome came into view. Wren ducked as a plane droned over them, dropping out the skies to skim the perimeter hedge. They watched it landing gracefully, then lurch along the runway. 
‘Oh my god. It’s much bigger than I expected.’ Wren sounded awestruck. Rhyllann grinned – nothing prepared you for the first time. The noise, the controlled power, the nonchalant way the planes swung into the air to leave the ground behind. And the amazing part was, it was like this every time. He kept waiting for the excitement to fade, but it never did. Every atom of his being tingled at the closeness of the gravity defying machines. They watched as another plane taxied round the main field, which could have held forty rugby pitches easily. As it trundled along it seemed impossible it would ever leave the ground. Turning into the long tarmac stretch, with an increase of engine noise it picked up speed. The air billowed under the fixed wings, the front strained upwards, the aircraft seemed to judder; then bounce, and suddenly it was airborne. Wren’s head tilted right back as the plane curled a semi circle, then soared away. Turning a shining face to Rhyllann he said 
‘And you think you can do that?’
Rhyllann nodded. ‘I know I can!’ 
 
Finding a vantage point, they spent the afternoon watching planes take off and land. Rhyllann pointed out the windsock, hanger, and behind that the control tower. As a raw recruit to the air cadets he had won the yearly cup awarded to the “Most Zealous Cadet”, much to his embarrassment and his friends’ amusement. He seemed to make friends easier at the cadets too, friends who listened to what he had to say, and even looked to him for advice. He was the youngest sergeant in the history of his squadron, and cadets two years senior in age to Rhyllann accepted orders from him. Over the past two years he’d attended every camp, and flown in just about every single and twin prop light aircraft imaginable. He named each plane as it passed overhead, adding its specification. Soon Wren recognised them too. 
I should have brought him here before, Rhyllann thought. Or made him join the Air Cadets anyway. Wren’s enthusiasm matched his own, he asked endless questions, thrilled for some reason to discover that speed was measured in knots. Rhyllann knew this subject inside out, and answered patiently, enjoying his new role as teacher. Studying the map, they plotted their route into Cornwall, Wren making a list of landmarks they should pass over on their journey. With Rhyllann’s input he calculated the time scale, and devised a respectable itinerary. 
Eventually the sun began to set, shimmering reds and golds lingered on the horizon, promising another perfect day tomorrow. Helicopter blades whipped over head as the air ambulance landed. The flurry of activity slowed. Car headlights gleamed as staff headed home for the night. 
‘What now – do we break in?’
Rhyllann stretched; feeling joints in his arm popping. ‘Starving aren’t you? No. I can’t fly at night. We’ll need those landmarks. Cornwall’s what – three hundred miles South West? If I’m only a few degrees off course god knows where we’ll end up. We’ll break in just before sunrise, we need to wheel out one of those babies, fuel up – then upwards and onwards!’ 
‘We can’t do anything till tomorrow? Where are we going to sleep?’ Wren massaged his lower calf, just above his damaged foot as he spoke.
Rhyllann shrugged. ‘Here.’ 
‘Oh no. I’m not sleeping out in the open. At least let’s get back to those stables we passed. There’s bound to be a barn or shed.’
 
So they trudged back towards Denman village. Curious ponies rushed over to surround them as they vaulted into the field, following them up to the stable yard. 
‘Why aren’t the horses in the stables?’ Rhyllann asked, scrunching his shoulder against a whiskery muzzle nuzzling his neck. 
‘Ponies. Not horses. It’s a warm enough night. Ponies are pretty hardy – if they were going to a show or something tomorrow they’d bring them in – but otherwise they’re better off outside. In fact …’ 
Rhyllann told him to can the lecture. He wasn’t that interested. 
 
******
 
At least they didn’t have any problems waking up. Straw wasn’t nearly as comfortable to sleep on as it looked. 
But they weren’t early enough. 
‘Hell! We should have taken turns staying awake.’ Rhyllann said, glaring at the activity on the other side of the hedge. They were pulling planes from the hanger; three and sometimes four men to each aircraft. 
‘I don’t think we could have managed anyway.’ 
Rhyllann didn’t answer. His glorious plan was dashed before it even got off the ground. He counted six aircraft lined up all ready for their pilots to take to the air. Probably commuter planes for high flying yuppies. If only he could somehow get over there – clamber aboard one of them. That one there would do nicely, he thought eyeing the useful looking Apache two seater. 
They needed a diversion of some kind. 
‘What we need is a diversion of some kind.’ Wren said.
Rhyllann looked at him in surprise. ‘Brawd – I was just thinking the same thing.’ They were laying on their stomachs again, under a hedge, sharing the last bottle of squash. Swigging back a mouthful of orange juice Rhyllann continued to survey Wren, waiting for the next suggestion. 
‘If that diversion could happen as one of those planes is primed ready for take off, after permission’s been given from control.’ He prompted. 
Wren began wriggling backwards out of the hedge. ‘Come with me. I’ve got an idea.’
Rhyllann followed, hoping it didn’t involve him pretending to be a woman again. 
 
They were back at their vantage point. Only this time they had company. Wren held the reins of the liveliest pony in the field. It had taken twenty minutes to catch the nimble piebald. By the time they returned, only two planes still waited for take off. Rhyllann held his breath as one of them began taxiing to the top of the field, halting almost opposite them as it began its ungainly turn away from them onto the tarmac runway which ran the length of the field.
‘Here brawd – when it's in position here – start your show.’ 
Wren nodded. ‘Don’t wait for me. When the plane’s at that corner you set off.’ 
Rhyllann gave him a leg up, the pony dancing on the spot as Wren swung his leg over its back. Once Wren placed his feet in the stirrups, the animal seemed to quieten. Rhyllann put it down to an overactive imagination, but the pony seemed to be waiting for further instructions, as though thinking to itself “well this is different and might even be fun.” Turning the pony on a pinhead, Wren trotted off along the verge. Head up, his back ramrod straight, hands and heels down, almost merging with the pony. 
 
Draping his bag across his back Rhyllann wriggled through the hedge into the field. The early morning rush hour over, the grounds’ people had sloped off for breakfast. Even so he felt exposed and worried he could have set off an unseen alarm. His ears strained, listening for an angry shout or worse still a siren. Instead, hearing an engine catch Rhyllann raised his head – yes. The plane he’d earmarked began its run up. In position! In position! he told himself. Don’t wait for Wren. They had one chance and one chance only. He needed to be at the start of the tarmac yet still undercover. Keeping close to the hedge, he waddled forward in a swift duck walk, dropping to the ground as the plane passed him, too soon. Hell! He’d never get there in time, any moment now he'd be spotted, and this was the stupidest plan in the world and he wanted to go home. The next moment all hell broke loose. Wren came galloping into the take off zone screaming and clutching at the pony’s black and white mane for dear life. Making a bee line for the tarmac strip its hooves clattered and slid as it whirled frantically, tossing its head and neighing loudly.
Wren screamed above the engine noise for someone to help him. In front of Rhyllann, the aircraft slowed then halted at the corner of the runway. A head appeared – a hand waved. 
‘Get that bloody thing out of my way!’ 
Rhyllann hunkered low, dampening down nerves, waiting his chance. “Don’t lose it, don’t lose it.” He muttered. Then adrenaline kicked in making him feel invincible. If they could pull this off, they could do anything. 
Wren was putting on the show of a lifetime. The reins seemed to shorten, tucking the pony’s nose into its chest. Wren clamped his heels against the pony’s flanks. Flawlessly he performed a number of dressage movements culminating in a series of half rears. All the while shrieking at the top of his voice, dangling first one way then the other from the saddle. No sign of the grounds’ crew; probably engrossed in their newspapers as they filled their bellies. Rhyllann hauled himself forward with his arms until he was parallel with the plane. Keeping his head down he squirmed across the last twenty yards of open ground, halting against the plane’s left wheel prop. He heard the pilot talking in a voice identical to Rhyllann’s squadron leader to air control, located behind the hangers, almost in the next field. Wren screamed again while manoeuvring the pony still closer, Rhyllann could actually feel the ground reverberating to hoof beats. 
Muttering. ‘What is that child playing at?’ the pilot turned the engine off and jumped out, still clutching his briefcase. From his worm’s eye view Rhyllann caught a glimpse of expensive looking narrow shoes, and although he was now at least five yards away, wafts of gorgeous scented aftershave still lingered in the air. The pony quietened, emboldening the man to stride up to it. In his new role as rescuer, the man’s attitude softened. 
‘Now don’t be silly, keep calm, don’t panic, just jump down.’ He spoke with the authority of one used to having his every whim obeyed, raising a hand to the pony’s bridle. For a moment the scene could have been a trendy photo shoot for an upmarket clothing chain. Then the pony shied away with a snort, splattering the beautiful dove grey suit with snot. 
‘Help me – I can’t – I can’t! One of your planes startled him – he bolted – oh please help me!’ Wren wailed. All the time the pony danced and skittered, tantalisingly just out of arm’s reach. Within seconds Wren managed to coax the man into the middle of the field, and still led him by inches then feet further and further away from his aircraft. The next five minutes were crucial. Any moment now control might send someone onto the field to take a look see, or a passer-by stop to lend a hand. 
Rolling under the plane, Rhyllann hauled himself in, without bothering about pre-flight checks he restarted the engine, and began pivoting onto the runway. The flat northern tones of his instructor resonating in his mind, “Steady now lad, check the wind sock … find your heading reference .”
The city-gent would-be pilot spun round. 
‘My plane!’ 
Rhyllann jumped down from the cabin holding his hands up in surrender. 
Wren encouraged the pony to rear again. 
‘Eeek – Mummy help me!!!!’ 
And in the split second it took for the man to switch from reluctant hero to duped idiot an iron clad hoof rammed down on the wafer thin leather shoe. Rhyllann winced as the man screamed, hopped twice then toppled to the ground. Now Wren was galloping towards him, leaning alongside the pony’s neck, fumbling under the saddle. Rhyllann stepped to one side as the pony skidded to a halt snorting heavily, streaming foam towards him. Wren tumbled from its back, tugging the saddle free as he landed. Ignoring Rhyllann’s efforts to bundle him into the plane, he grabbed at the noseband, loosened a couple of buckles and pulled the reins and bridle over the pony’s neck and head, turning it as he did so. 
The pony’s nostrils flared as it swung round to gallop off across the field bucking and spinning and calling out in triumph, rushing back to the wretched pilot who had only just regained his feet, and aiming a playful kick at his thigh. 
Rhyllann threw his cousin into the plane’s cockpit then jumped up beside him. He opened the throttle, at the same time searching the skies for any descending planes. He clamped the headphones on, they were light and well fitting, immediately cutting out most of the engines’ noise, noting with surprised delight the top of the range GPS. 
Clicking the mike open, Rhyllann confirmed take off in a clipped Home County accent, then snapped the mike closed. Pilots tended to keep transmissions to the bare minimum. He’d already persuaded himself that even if anything was scrambled to intercept them, they’d be given the chance to land before being shot out the skies. Too late now for any second thoughts, he’d crossed the Rubicon. Opening the throttle to full, he checked the RPM: Good – already over 2550, and increased the speed to 55 knots. The joy that flooded through him cancelled out any nerves. He felt rather than heard engine noise escalate, thundering now and nothing could stop him. Wren, still settling himself into the passenger seat, found another set of headphones and fumbled them on. Now Rhyllann could hear him hiccupping with laughter through the intercom:
‘That pony should be in the circus! My god was he enjoying himself – did you see the look on his face? He was having …My god Rhyllann – You did it! We’re flying!!!’
Rhyllann grinned. ‘You noticed!’ He rolled the wings level, watching the slip ball return to the middle, confirming his little plane was flying in balance. 
Below them fields, buildings and roads swirled away, forming a green patchwork intersected with grey and blue ribbons of roads, canals and rivers. Wisps of clouds drifted beneath them, sky soared above them, merging seamlessly in the far distance with the land racing below them. Checking the compass Rhyllann headed West for the horizon. Wren’s teeth chattered with excitement.
‘This is better then a cross country chase!’ 
‘Better than snogging Becky Roberts!’ 
‘Yeah right. Like you’d know.’ Adding. ‘I hope that little horse’ll be ok.’ 
 
Setting the radio to scan local frequencies, Rhyllann kept his own worries about jet fighter pilots and dog fights to himself. Wren couldn’t keep from grinning. Watching as Wren rooted around in the side pocket of his seat, Rhyllann felt amused and pleased with his cousin. When he produced an aeronautical map, scale ruler and protractor Rhyllann laughed at him.
‘You love to complicate things don’t you?’ He tapped at the GPS. ‘Stop worrying.’ 
But Wren couldn’t resist a new map or updating Rhyllann on the landmarks they passed; it kept him occupied. Rhyllann settled into cruise mode, keeping clear of other small aerodromes, and avoiding RAF bases like the plague. But air traffic was light, and they caught hardly any chatter on the airwaves. 
Wren prodded him, wanting to know why Rhyllann occasionally rolled the plane from side to side. 
‘Because we can see for miles and miles, but not what’s directly below us. It’s kinda like checking in your mirrors when you’re driving.’ He explained. ‘Here – d’you wanna try?’ 
Wren looked uncertain. ‘Another time. Let’s not push our luck. Anyhow we should be past Dartmoor soon.’ Adding ‘Yes! Look – The Tamar River! – we’ve done it! We’re over Cornwall!’ He whooped. 
 
Rhyllann felt he’d been flying forever, this was second nature. Not even second. He was in his element, effortlessly predicting every little flurry of wind, thermals and down drafts. Glancing at the instruments Rhyllann estimated they’d covered almost three hundred miles in two and a half hours, and still had a quarter tank of fuel left. He patted himself on the back, not bad going at all. They’d caught snatches of conversation from other pilots, but none referring to the daring Denman raid. Rhyllann wondered who you would report a stolen plane to. The Ministry of Defence? Civil Aviation? Bit of a bummer really he thought. 
“I say officer, my flying machine has been stolen!” Cue laughter. The poor guy would never live it down.
He’d gloated too soon. Up till then the radio had been issuing monotonous requests and permissions for take offs and landings, background noise and Rhyllann had stopped really listening. When the message came, it was like getting an electrical shock from something as innocuous as a kettle or light switch.
‘RAF Longmoor, seeking a light aircraft, Apache mark BP nwp. Say again. Bravo, Papa, November, Whisky, Papa. Thought to be heading west sou’ west.’
Wren stared in horror. ‘Oh no – what are we going to do?’ He wailed.
‘Easy. Find a field.’ 
‘A field! You’ve never flown solo before – you’ve never landed – we’re going to crash – you promised parachutes!’ Wren started hyperventilating as he realised there was nothing but a thin metal shell and miles and miles of thin air between him and the ground. 
‘Stop it! We took off in a field didn’t we? – We’ll find a nice large field to put down in. I only need a run of fifty feet or so. You didn’t really think we were going to land at an airfield did you?’ 
Wren stared resolutely ahead; still hiccupping. 
’Come on brawd, I need you now! You’ve been great – but I need you to sort out a field. Believe me – this is the easy bit! This little plane’s so light, as soon as the wheels touch down, it’ll just roll forward – it’s designed for this. All I’ll have to do is slam the brakes on!’ 
It wasn’t really a lie. Sooner or later every aircraft had to land: Newton’s Law. But Rhyllann kept that little gem to himself. That massive field there, just outside the moors would do he decided. He dropped ten knots, found an aiming point and began descent, hoping the change of altitude wouldn’t affect wind speed too much. For a moment he felt terribly isolated, without backup, and only himself to rely on. Then practice and training kicked in, dropping to two hundred feet, he began the short final: he heard Jack Turner’s voice. “OK now then Lad, maintain the airbrake setting, increase the angle of attack and pitch that nose up. And I promise you every time you take off or land, you will hear my voice!” Now they were only twenty feet from the ground, and Rhyllann began final roundout. 
The small herd of cattle straggling the field trotted away as the plane swooped down. Rhyllann reminded himself to keep breathing as trees magically grew to tower above them and the ground rose up to meet them. The plane dropped gracefully, aligned perfectly, the wheels skimming the grass now just before stall, engines in overdrive, bumping along then taxi-ing smoothly forward to come to a controlled halt. 
 
Rhyllann continued shutting down instruments ignoring the joyful voice inside his head urging him to take flight again. He’d done it! His first solo! Text book landing! And the only witness seemed totally unfazed. 
‘We need to go in that direction.’ Wren pointed up the field, past the solitary oak. ‘– up there and through that hedge – we should find ourselves on the moors. Dunno which side we’re on though.’ 
‘Aren’t you going to congratulate me? Thank me?’ 
‘Congratulations. Thank you. Erm … we’ve got company – that guy don’t seem too happy about something.’ Wren indicated a figure hurtling towards them, growing stockier and angrier looking by the moment as he decreased the distance between them. 
‘Probably the farmer. Upset about you stampeding his cattle.’ Wren mused. Ignoring the muffled yelps of pain, Rhyllann dragged Wren from the aircraft and forced his own cramped legs into a staggering run towards the hedge. 
‘We’ll never make it!’ He panted. With their cumbersome three legged gait, they’d only managed a hundred yards, the hedge seemed a thousand yards away – uphill. Rhyllann supported his cousin on one side, with the damn bag banging against his hip. And he was expected to run? Trying to look over his shoulder and hurry at the same time he stumbled. Wren crashed into him sending them both sprawling to the ground. 
‘He’s stopped. He’s given up!’ Wren crowed. Rhyllann squinted. The guy held a hand to his face. 
‘No. No he hasn’t! He’s talking to someone. He’s calling the police!’ They struggled to their feet again.
‘Annie!’ 
‘Shut up. Walk as quickly as you can. We might make it.’ They would never make it. As they passed the oak tree an ominous growl filled the air. Before Rhyllann could think “two-stroke-engine” a scrambler bike roared into view, scattering the cattle into a mad stampede.
The pillion rider brandished a rifle their way letting off a warning shot.
Rhyllann froze as the noise reverberated through the air almost drowning the low pitched insane mooing of cows. 
He hadn’t called the police. He’d summoned reinforcements. They were both dead.
Wren plucked at his sleeve. ‘Hoodie – quick – take your hoodie off!’ He shouted. Ignoring him, Rhyllann tried to hurry Wren up the hill. 
‘Rhyllann! Give me your hoodie then run!’ As he spoke Wren dragged the oversized second hand fleece from Rhyllann's shoulders. Now he could make out words:
‘You hellers! I’ll have you, you buggers!’ The motor bike grew rapidly larger as it decreased the space between them. 
Panic stricken, Rhyllann pulled his arms free, and thrust it at Wren, who grabbed Rhyllann’s bag from him. 
‘Run!’ He shouted with a shove.
Rhyllann began running, rock hard ground rising to meet his feet as they slapped down, then flew up, faster and faster; his eyes streaming scalding wind burned tears. This wasn’t fair! How could he outrun a motor bike? Or a bullet? What was Wren up to? Getting ready to blame him – beg for mercy – negotiate? Rhyllann almost made the hedge when he spun round. He needed to see what Wren was playing at. 
Wren had pulled the jacket hood up, and now stooped, wiping the ground then his face. He lurched back towards the oak, bending to pick up a stick, the motorbike almost on top of him. 
Rhyllann began racing back down the hill. ‘No Wren, no! Don’t do it!’ Jesus Christ! He really thought he could angle that stick through the bike’s wheel Indiana Jones style. ‘Wren stop – You’ll tear your arm off – No!’ He yelled. 
Machine and Wren seemed about to collide. Rhyllann would never make it in time but he kept running. ‘NO!’ The scream ripped through his lungs. 
Wren ignored him. Dodging the bike, he lurched into the tree and with an awkward upward and sideways pounce, walloped one of the branches with his stick. A rugby sized ball spun away from the tree, smashing into the bike, and dissolved into a cloud of smoke. Wren rolled away, stumbling to his knees then his feet, before crouching low to stagger into a run. The bike swerved crazily; shouts filled the air – Now Wren streamed upwards throwing the stick before him like a drunken pole vaulter. A dozen black pinpricks darted around him searching for uncovered skin, before giving up and rejoining the main swarm. 
Farmer and friend had the bike up and were juggling it between them as they swiped at the air furiously, yelping all the while. After a few false starts the engine roared again. Rhyllann didn’t wait to see anymore – spinning to race after his clever brilliant cousin. But the engine noise dwindled as the men turned tail, presumably back to Mrs Farmer and vinegar dabs.
Hunched on a log, hands and head between his knees, Wren waited for him. The jacket still swamped him and his face seemed covered with sweet smelling mud. Catching sight of Rhyllann he wheezed between gasps. 
‘Nothing quite so scary as a nest of angry wasps!’ 
 
*
 
The glorious adventure was fading – this really was hopeless. If only they were three years older. Old enough to hire a car or better yet a four wheel drive and thunder up to Taffy’s Folly. They would be home and dry by now. Instead Rhyllann was tired, hungry and cold. Wren hadn’t used mud to protect his face. He’d used cow pats. The only way to scrub most of it away had been to use the hoodie. Now Rhyllann shivered inside a thin t-shirt as he followed Wren round yet another corner, to be confronted with yet another stretch of the narrow lane they’d been trudging along for the past hour. 
‘But Annie – we’re like knights – on a quest. Sir Rhyllann and Sir Wren! Come on – I’ll carry your bag!’ 
More like demented hobbits he thought, eyeing Wren’s jumper enviously, half wishing he’d kept the hoodie in spite of the stench. 
The lane ran between two steep banks which sunlight never penetrated, making it dank and chilly. Just when he could stand no more, the banks lowered into dry stone walls; and delicate wild flowers sprouted from the many crevices, with tiny petals of blues, white and pink. Rhyllann’s goose bumps faded in the sun’s warmth. Without warning, the hedgerow dropped away and they reached a plateau. A soft greenness lapped at their feet: Bodmin Moor. Islands of golden gorse and boulders, some solitary, some heaped like a careless child’s building blocks, littered the expanse of rugged greenery which rolled away into the horizon. A breeze swept Rhyllann's brow like a soft caress as he drunk in the view, taking deep gulps of the thick honey flavoured air, hearing unseen birds chittering. In the far distance where the green met the blue, two hills rose, purple splodges painted against the skyline. 
This is heaven. We’ve stumbled upon heaven Rhyllann thought. His lungs filled with untainted pure air, pumping his blood with so much oxygen he felt giddy and drunk. He took a step forward. Underfoot, the grass sprung upward to support his weight. He took another step, then another, then another. Wren bounded beside him, just as giddy. Every step they took bounced them upwards – a giggle escaped Rhyllann, his body seemed lighter – less cumbersome. They sprung from tussock to tussock calling and laughing and spinning.
‘Look! I'm like that nun – you know … "The Sound of Music."’ Flapping his arms theatrically Wren skipped up a hillock warbling. ‘The Hills are alive.’ 
‘With the sound of music …’ Rhyllann trilled. Adding: ‘Your foot’s better then!’ 
Wren sat down cross-legged, grinning madly. Turning the bag upside down he shook the contents out. 
‘Yes!’ He snatched up a forgotten Snickers bar. ‘Let not poor little Annie starve!’ 
‘Did you take that poor man’s scale ruler and maps?’
Wren giggled. ‘You took his plane.’
‘Borrowed. I’m gonna give it back.’ 
Wren stuffed his plunder back in Rhyllann’s bag, and broke the chocolate bar in two, still gurgling with laughter. 
Accepting his half, Rhyllann got the petrol station’s map from his bag, and sat down. 
‘So where next?’ On the map page, Bodmin Moor measured five inches, a mere hand-span. 
Wren turned it this way and that, peering thoughtfully. 
‘Dunno. If we’re here – then the next village along will be St Bernnard. But if we’re here.’ He twisted the book upside down – ‘then we’re closer to Delabole. That lake would be Dozemary, or Pendragon. Take your pick. We can either cut across the moors – or go through all these villages.’  
Pendragon lake was one of a series of lakes on the other side, towards the bottom right of the moors. Rhyllann squinted at the map again. 
‘We need to head for St Judgey, that’s the nearest village. I say this way.’ 
Wren disagreed. ‘If you’re right – St Bernnard’s just over there. Let’s get something to eat. Please. There might even be a camping place where we can buy a shovel.’ His face shone at the prospect.
Rhyllann doubted that. But the Snickers bar had only woken his stomach up and left his mouth coated and furry. He nodded. 
‘C’mon then – rock and roll!’ 
Rhyllann almost wished they were here on a camping holiday: It wasn’t all springy grass, now and then they had to scramble over boulders, here and there were marshy patches; but that just added to the adventure. They found a clear stream and stopped to splash water at each other, then scrubbed at their faces, gulping noisily as they did so. 
‘I think I could live on this water alone.’ Wren said. 
Rhyllann pulled a face, but didn’t disagree. Stone dry walls began to appear hemming the moor land into tiny fields, minutes later they found an asphalt lane leading to a huddle of houses.
To one side of the village, moors stretched into a gauzy infinity; the other had a steep drop into a valley gouged out by a river which glistened below. Rhyllann thought of wilderness films, shot in Canada, or maybe even New Zealand. 
‘My god, imagine living here. Imagine waking up to that view.’ Wren said. ‘Wonder where the shops are?’ he added.
Rhyllann grimaced. ‘I think we’re walking down the high street now. Pub! Look there’s a pub. It's bound to do ploughman’s lunches.’ He broke into a trot.
‘Lashings of ginger beer!’ Wren called as he tried to keep up.
Rhyllann gripped his side, laughing. ‘Dork!’ 
Outside the pub they paused. 
‘You’d better wait here – they’re looking for two youths.’
Wren nodded, his face flushed with exertion. ‘Get lots. Lots and lots and lots. And get directions to Taffy’s Folly.’ 
Rhyllann nodded, run a hand through his hair, then patted down his jeans. ‘Do I look ok?’ 
‘You look fine – go on!’ Wren settled himself on a nearby wall. 
 
The pub’s interior was gloomy. A scattering of regulars looked up as Rhyllann entered with a show of confidence he didn't quite feel under the hostile scrutiny. He half expected one to say. “This is a local pub for local people.” 
But then his attention was caught by a transparent plastic dome covering a pile of French bread, filled with ham, cheese and succulent looking beef. Swallowing down the salvia flooding his mouth, Rhyllann's stomach cramped with anticipation. Eyeing the large fridge stacked with bottles of cola, he almost purred with pleasure, imagining chugging the sweetness down his throat without pause.
‘Hey you. Can’t you read?’ The barman rapped the sign behind him, beneath a mono-brow his eyes glittered spitefully in an otherwise immobile face. 
“No unaccompanied children.”
‘That’s okay – I’m only after …’ 
‘No children allowed.’ This time his lips twisted into a sneer. 
‘But I only want some of those rolls and ….’
‘No kids. Out.’
‘But….’
‘Out. I’m not serving you.’
The locals didn’t bother to hide their grins, Rhyllann accepted defeat. He couldn’t risk the man calling the police.
‘Okay okay, I’m going – can you just tell me the way …’
‘This is a pub. Not a public information service. Out.’ 
The door creaked open to admit a swarm of lycra clad middle aged cyclists. The bartender’s face filled with horror. 
Rhyllann smirked. ‘Have a nice day. Have a nice life.’ He said, squeezing through the door as two late comers joined their party amid cheers and jeers and calls to ‘Mine host serve up your finest ale! Bring forth your serving wenches!’
 
Wren stood guard over a huddle of cycles. 
‘Them nice people done gave me three shiny coins to keep eye on their bikes.’ He said. Rhyllann burst out laughing. Wren did look like a candidate for the village idiot, smears of cow muck still streaked his face and his eyes shone from the exhilaration of the moors. 
Wren gave a wicked grin. ‘I think those will do.’ He pointed to two pannier laden bikes, with smart plastic wallets complete with inlaid compasses over the handlebars. 
‘Are those O.S. maps?’ Rhyllann asked. A nod. ‘I suppose those panniers are stuffed with eats?’ Wren gave another very happy nod.
‘And look! Look at this!’ He actually caressed the small digital device on the handlebars. Rhyllann looked over intrigued. 
‘Big whoop! That’s neat. We can measure how many miles we do.’ 
 
Rhyllann never cared much for push bikes, but this machine was in a different league. It's probably worth more than mum’s car, he thought with a twinge of guilt. They freewheeled down hills to coast halfway up the other side before hitting the pedals again. 
They kept to the lanes, skirting villages that surrounded the moors like beads on a necklace. According to the handle bar mounted gadget that measured distance, they'd cycled twenty eight miles already. By now Rhyllann felt faint with hunger, hearing a church bell chime twice, he demanded they halt for lunch. Rummaging through the panniers he failed to notice the awkwardness of Wren’s dismount.
‘Jeez!’ He said staring in disbelief at the crustless sandwich. ‘I don’t bloody believe it! Fish paste in brown bread.’ He sniffed it for confirmation, then looked across to Wren, still peering into his panniers. ‘What have you got?’ he demanded. 
‘Marmite.’ Wren replied dully. 
‘Jeez.’ Rhyllann repeated. Wrinkling his nose he bit into the sandwich, the pungent filing smearing the roof of his mouth, coating his teeth with a slimy film. He swallowed miserably, forcing it down, already debating about the next mouthful. 
‘Joke!’ Wren held two plain white bags aloft in either hand – grease turning the paper translucent. Rhyllann caught a wonderful whiff of ‘Pasties!’ and lunged at Wren, swiping at his grinning face, and snatching two of the bags. 
Propping the bikes against the wall, they sat on a grass verge to bury their faces into the pasties. Chucks of chewy peppery meat mingled with fluffy potatoes and swede, strands of oily onions, wrapped in a pastry that melted into a satisfying stodginess. They grunted with pleasure, then sucked their fingers clean of grease. Then they ate their seconds more slowly savouring every mouthful.
‘Next time check the saddle bags before you nick the bikes.’ Rhyllann scolded, still annoyed at having been tricked into eating fish paste. He got up to inspect Wren’s bags again, rewarded by a slab of saffron cake and a large bottle of orange squash. 
‘Suppose coke would be too good to be true.’ He complained half heartedly. 
‘I bet my bike belonged to fatty in the pink lycra.’ Wren said reaching over for his share of cake. Adding ‘Saffron’s more valuable than gold.’ 
Rhyllann didn’t bother to re-examine his panniers. He felt disgusted with his cyclist, and hoped the bartender ended up slapping him.
Chapter Eighteen
 
The two hills identified as Brown Willy and Roughtor now lay behind them. 
‘Should we start heading back to the moor brawd? Looking for the Folly?’ 
Wren nodded, swinging a leg over his bike. 
With a contented stomach and new energy pumping through him, Rhyllann jumped onto his bike, eager to see how quickly the lightweight racer could gobble up the miles under the bright early summer sunshine. He travelled a few yards before a jarring clatter followed by a dull thud brought him screeching to a halt. 
Wren and bike lay entangled on the road. 
‘What happened – did you fall?’
‘My foot Annie – I’m sorry – It just went.’ 
Wren's eyes were screwed in pain, and he grasped his leg just above the damaged foot with both hands, as though to touch it would be agony. Dragging Wren clear from the bike frame, Rhyllann rustled through his cousin's pockets. He gazed down at the empty bubble strips which had contained extra strength painkillers. 
‘Jesus Wren – you’ve been gobbling them like sweeties!’ 
Wren winced as he rocked himself. ‘Sorry. I’m sorry. Okay!’ He said angrily cradling his arms over his head and slumping his face against his updrawn knees. Rhyllann eased Wren's trainer and sock off, then steeled himself not to gasp. Wren’s foot looked as though someone had inserted an air valve, then pumped and pumped until the skin stretched to bursting point.
‘Jeez – we’ll have to find a hospital.’ 
‘Don’t be stupid.’ Wren’s head snapped up, eyes blazing. ‘It’s swollen that’s all. Only because I pushed it too hard. It isn’t as painful as it looks.’
Rhyllann didn’t know what to say. Thoughts of blood poisoning and gangrene ran through his mind. 
Wren read his mind again. ‘I won’t turn back. Not now.’ 
‘You stubborn little prick.’ Rhyllann blew out with exasperation. ‘Okay listen. We’ll make a deal. We’ll find somewhere to sleep – then in the morning – if it's no better you are going to a hospital.’ 
Wren said nothing, pushing out his lower jaw and glaring into the distance. 
Rhyllann laughed. ‘You don’t get it do you? There’s no choice. I’ll turn us both in.’ If the stupid little geek wanted to risk losing a foot that was his lookout. However Rhyllann knew damn well who would get the blame.
 
With Wren balanced awkwardly on the crossbar, Rhyllann began pushing, determined to beg for help at the next village they reached. A van sped by almost knocking them into the ditch. Rhyllann shouted after the driver, wishing he had a free hand to gesture with. 
‘Oh help.’ He muttered as the brake lights glowed. Going back was not an option, they’d just managed to wobble down the steepest hill in the county. With a churning stomach Rhyllann shouted again, hoping the wiry bloke emerging from the van would think both calls had been cries for help. The moustachioed driver accepted Rhyllann's inspired explanation that they had come adrift from their Duke of Edinburgh award group, and that Wren had injured his foot. Rhyllann explained earnestly that this was their final leg, they didn’t want to give up. 
The man spoke with an accent so thick they could barely comprehend him, not helped by badly fitting dentures. Finally they understood that he meant to take them home, where his sister would take care of them. 
 
Home was a roadside cottage with a series of tumbledown outhouses one side, and a spit of land used to park vehicles on the other. 
Sister Rose seemed dubious, but treated Wren’s foot with a poultice which stank to heaven, but contained knit bone and comfrey. Apparently. After a silent meal of grey meat and mash, the boys were banished from the chilly cottage to an outhouse. Rhyllann didn’t blame their hosts. The mis-shapen tee-shirt he wore was beginning to feel like a second skin. When he took his jeans off to snuggle under the eiderdown Rose had provided he half expected them to stand up on their own. And Wren’s bandage managed to overpower the smell of the outhouse’s previous occupants: Pigs by the names of Smokey and Bacon from what Rhyllann could gather from Moustache George’s cackle.
He yawned and stretched, allowing his mind to wander back over the amazing flight they had made, only half listening to Wren as he fantasised over what they would do once they found the treasure, both building castles in the air. The next thing he knew he was yawning and stretching again, only this time it was morning. 
The door swung open to admit Wren, balancing two dishes of porridge. 
‘George has gone to work. Rose said eat up, then get lost.’ 
Rhyllann stared. 
‘Well …not exactly get lost – but she made it plain she don’t want us hanging around.’ 
 
Rhyllann took the empty bowls and eiderdown back to Rose. It was clear she didn’t buy the Duke of Edinburgh story. So he haggled with the hard faced daughter of the soil. The gleaming racing cycle worth over a grand, for a bath, a change of clothes, and a handful of painkillers. Rhyllann allowed himself to be beaten down on the packed lunch. If last night’s stew was anything to go by, they weren’t missing much. The porridge formed a sullen lump in his stomach, despite his best efforts to forget it.
Chapter Nineteen 
 
Just after ten, they waved goodbye to Sister Rose on almost friendly terms. Wren’s swelling had subsided, and Rose had applied a fresh dressing. Better still, she’d once been a member of the Territorial Army.
‘Surprise surprise.’ Muttered Rhyllann. She outfitted them both in camouflage gear, combat trousers, matching blouse jackets, and khaki t-shirts. In a fit of generosity, she pressed a couple of russet skinned apples into their hands. They looked like ordinary run of the mill hikers. Apart from the faint smell of paraffin that hung about them.
After taking a short cut over a couple of sloping fields they were back on the moors again, the sun had yet to burn through the morning mist, but the air felt just as pleasant and invigorating as the day before. In answer to Rhyllann's anxious questioning every twenty minutes or so Wren finally snapped: ‘Stop fussing. It’s okay. I just took liberties with it yesterday.’ 
Even so, Rhyllann insisted they took it slowly, calling frequent halts until Wren declared he’d had enough of “faffing around” and marched forward with only the occasional lurch. 
‘Look – if it starts to hurt – then I’ll stop. Okay?’ 
Rhyllann saluted his courage. He told Wren so. 
‘I’m not letting you down, and I can’t let my mum down. And I’m doing this for me too. I’m done with being a loser. Me and you, we’re winners.’ 
Rhyllann wanted to laugh, but Wren’s determined face forbade him. Slapping Wren's shoulder, Rhyllann fell into step, musing on how his cousin seemed to have matured over the past forty-eight hours. 
 
*
 
They were too late. A day too late. As the slate pink monolith known as Taffy’s Folly came into view, they saw a swarm of people scurrying to and fro, a hive of activity. 
‘Maybe they’re just tourists – holidaymakers.’ Wren said hopefully. 
They circled round taking an indirect path up to a pile of boulders, where they could spy out the land. The stones formed a haphazard pyramid shape, as easy as a staircase to climb. Around thirty feet above ground one massive boulder seemed mis-placed, overhanging the others by a good ten feet; providing them with a perfect vantage point. They could see for miles: Splayed out beneath the overhang they were completely concealed from view. 
Rhyllann’s stomach churned. The men had finished marking out the ground around the monolith with white rods and tape, and were now digging furiously. All but one wore hi-vis vests emblazoned with the initials CCC. Cornwall County Council? Rhyllann tried to tell himself that maybe they were council workers, this was just an unlucky coincidence. But the sinking feeling inside and a persistent little voice in his head told him otherwise.
‘Who are they? How did they get here?’ He asked. Although the answer to his second question was obvious. Two jeeps were parked nearby. 
‘Mikey Stern Junior! Scumbag!’ Wren snorted. ‘They managed Joan’s text quicker than my code!’ He gritted his teeth, glaring down at the scene below. 
‘The book – Joan's diary: how did they get their hands on it?’ Rhyllann wailed. 
Wren snorted again. ‘Ever hear of bent coppers? My money’s on Hewes or Rodgers.’ 
He spoke without taking his eyes from the excavation. Rhyllann frowned, the men seemed to be digging almost at the base of the standing stone. Strange. Rhyllann rolled onto his back to squint at the sun, almost directly overhead. 
‘Midday. Shadows aren’t very long then at noon?’ 
Wren glanced up. 
‘You’re right. I hadn’t thought of that before. I expected a long finger like shadow to point…’ His voice trailed off; studying the scene below him again, he massaged his temples, then crawled away to sit cross legged with his back against another boulder. Rhyllann thought about telling him to get back undercover, but then thought it unlikely anyone would glance over in their direction and inched over to join Wren. The workmen were totally focused on the ground surrounding the massive standing stone. Rhyllann expected at any moment to hear a triumphant shout from below. Wren grasped him suddenly. 
‘Look! Look what they’re doing!’ His voice stuttered with emotion.
Rhyllann peered over a craggy boulder rim. A mechanical rotator chundered up earth. 
‘They’re digging.’ 
‘But – they can’t do that – they can’t do that! That’s ancient moor land. They’re destroying the natural habitat!’ Wren spat with rage.
‘You go and tell them then.’ Rhyllann hissed and closed his eyes, opening them again when Wren thumped him. 
‘Something’s wrong. Something’s gone wrong. They can’t find it. Look. They’re just digging randomly now.’ 
They’d attracted company too. A quad bike roared up, a furious argument seemed to be taking place, with much arm throwing and yelling. 
‘I’m getting down there – find out what’s going on.’ While all backs were turned on him, Rhyllann slithered down the craggy boulders, and crawled forward through gorse thickets, following old rabbit trails. He managed to get within twenty yards, in time to hear the quad bike rider’s raised voice. 
‘I don’t care who you think has given you permission. That is an protected monument. Work stops until I’ve spoken to civic centre.’ 
With that he climbed back on his quad bike and sped away. Rhyllann counted nine men. The large guy without a council jacket yelled into a mobile. 
‘Get hold of your translator. They’ve got it wrong.’ He jammed the mobile into a pocket, turning to face one of the “Workmen” remonstrating with him. 
Rhyllann thought he recognised Stern's dumpy figure. 
‘We should have shot him!’ Dumpy shouted gesturing towards the quad rider. 
‘No. No more violence. This way is better. You’ll see. Back to the farmhouse; have some lunch … the correct translation – we can’t afford too much attention.’ 
The big guy seemed to be in charge now, Rhyllann thought he recognised him as the ex-rugby player from Gran’s. He’d turned his back on Stern, and didn’t see the calculating looks exchanged with other gang members, or the way Stern spat with disgust. 
Rhyllann glanced back to Wren’s hiding place, barely registering the jeeps departing. No way would Wren have mistranslated Welsh. Rhyllann studied the monolith, the sun’s shadow barely cleared the displaced earth surrounding it. Jumping up, he bounded through the gorse, and scrabbled back up to Wren.
‘Some crazy stuff, brawd. Come on. They’ve gone. Let’s get down there.’ 
 
Wren leaned back against the massive stone, patting it, as though to console. 
‘Look what they’ve done.’ He moaned sinking to his knees, and burying his head in his hands to peer through his fingers at the rutted earth surrounding the stone. Rhyllann slumped beside him. A church bell carried from some distant village, wafting a mournful clanging over the moors. Rhyllann counted automatically: Twelve chimes.
‘Noon.’ He said bleakly. 
Wren turned a mud smeared face up to him. ‘What did you say?’
‘Noon – the church bells – they rang out twelve times. Twelve o’clock.’ 
Wren stared at him open mouthed; joy swamping his face. 
‘Of course! Of course!’ He hugged Rhyllann, mussing up his hair. 
‘The bells.’ He staggered upright, pulling Rhyllann with him. ‘That’s how the old folk told the time. By looking at the sun – and by bells summoning them to prayer!’ He swung Rhyllann round.
‘But you said yourself – midday hasn’t changed – unless someone did move the stone.’
‘No! No!’ Wren slapped his forehead. ‘You said it Annie – look – hardly any shadow. The midday sun casts no shadow!’ He shouted punching the air then stood stock still, eyes boring into Rhyllann, willing him to understand. ‘Not noon. Nones. Jeez! How could I have been so stupid!’ He thumped his forehead again.
‘What?’ Rhyllann struggled to comprehend what nuns had to do with anything.
‘”Vesters,” “Complain,” “Nones.” Calling the faithful to prayer. No-one had clocks or watches! That’s how they counted the hours!’ He gripped Rhyllann’s arms, jigging again. A trickle of hope fluttered through Rhyllann as light dawned. 
‘Nones. So Nones means a different time of day? Is that it?’ 
‘Yes! It makes sense! Nones – the ninth hour. The equinox – twelve hours day – twelve hours night. Three hours before sunset. The shadows would be almost at their longest.’ Understanding flooded Rhyllann. They clutched at each other giggling hysterically. 
‘Annie – your mobile – d’you still have it?’
‘Yes – but …’
‘Turn it on quick. We need the exact time.’ 
Smoothing the earth over, Wren began making complicated calculations, glancing at the sun a couple of times, making a couple of deep gouges in the earth, then drawing an oversized clock face. Reaching up to drag at Rhyllann’s mobile, he peered at the time. After a moment’s hesitation, he nodded to himself, then traced the hands at ten past eleven, then went back to using his fingers as calculus. 
Rhyllann frowned. ‘Use the mobile’s calculator!’ 
‘Shut up! Be quiet!’ Wren spoke absently as if hushing a child. Rhyllann didn’t take offence. Wren was in another world, a world he could never hope to enter. Instead, glancing around Rhyllann spotted a forgotten shovel and rushed over to claim it. He was doing the digging! He did a little body pop dance of delight. 
Wren was on his feet again, surveying the standing stone’s height. 
‘What d’you reckon Annie?’ 
Rhyllann tipped his head upwards, stepping backwards to view the top of the gigantic stone. 
‘Dunno. Twelve, maybe fifteen feet?’ His head swum suddenly. ‘I ain’t climbing up to find out!’ 
Wren grinned. ‘Plonker! Grab some of that tape they were using … quick! And gimme that scale ruler and protractor.’ Securing the tape firmly to the very foot of the stone with a rod, he hobbled away, turning every few steps to hold the scale ruler at arm’s length. Abruptly he stood still, then drove a second rod into the ground, before scurrying back to his makeshift workstation. 
‘Annie – measure that distance – careful now.’ From his pocket Wren produced the shiny digital pedometer. Rather than risk being called a plonker again, Rhyllann obeyed.
‘Fourteen feet, eight inches.’ He called over. 
Wren bent his head without a word of thanks. Rhyllann couldn’t bear anymore. His enforced quietness and inactivity were driving him crazy. Striding over he hollered. 
‘What the hell are you up to? We can’t sit here all day playing with dirt!’ 
As he spoke Wren finished the last of his scribbling. He looked up at Rhyllann as though seeing him for the first time that day, his face full of wonder. 
‘We did it Annie! We’ve found it!’ 
Glancing down Rhyllann saw that the clock face now acted as a giant protractor. Angles had been marked off, one in particular heavily indented, with a measurement of sixty-two feet. 
‘Rods Annie – get the rods – hurry now – we’ve gotta work fast.’ Wren's sense of urgency was contagious, Rhyllann scurried to get the rods, which were snatched from him and planted in a diagonal ordered format. After wrapping it round the last rod, Wren handed him the tape, still secured to the foot of Taffy’s Folly. 
‘Kay Annie – keep the same angle – you understand? Start at the very beginning, walk sixty-two feet away then mark it well.’ 
The moors hadn’t changed. They were still in the same place. But somehow the colours deepened, sounds were sharper and the air crackled with anticipation. Every single particle of the universe, every blade of grass, crumble of earth, puff of breeze intensified. As though nature herself rejoiced in this moment.
‘You are a genius.’ Rhyllann breathed.
Wren smiled as he handed over the shovel. ‘No, I pay attention in maths. Now get going.’ 
Keeping his eyes firmly on the digital readout, Rhyllann paced forward. He sensed Wren hobbling behind him, nudging him slightly now and again to keep his direction true. The pre-set device pinged as he counted the sixty seconded foot. Rhyllann swiftly marked the spot with a divot, then glanced up to grin at Wren, whose face was deathly white beneath the mud streaks. Rhyllann ushered him over to sit on a nearby boulder. 
‘Sit here. Rest.’ He ordered. Wren nodded, eyes glued to the spot Rhyllann had marked. 
‘Hurry Annie. I feel like we don’t have much time.’ 
Rhyllann dug efficiently, ploughing the sharp edge of the brand new spade into the earth. After a minute’s work he paused. 
‘Wren?’ He queried.
His cousin cocked his head back towards the monolith. 
 ‘A little to the right.’ 
 ‘Here?’ 
‘Yeah – dig there, I know we’re in the right place. I can feel it. There has to be something. Some sign.’ It sounded more like a prayer than a statement.
Rhyllann started digging again. He turned over five spadefuls of earth before the spade clanked against something metal. 
‘Wren!’ Hoping it wasn’t an old tin can, he resumed digging. A chest! A metal chest. 
Wren hobbled over. Rhyllann prised the spade around the edges, trying to free the object. Wren dropped to his knees, scraping earth away with his hands. He stopped suddenly, cocking his head to one side. 
‘Annie – can you hear that?’ 
Rhyllann paused to listen. From far away, like the faintest hum of a vacuum cleaner he could hear an engine. Stern! Back with the correct translation! Throwing the spade to one side, Rhyllann stretched full length, and forced his hands down between box and earth. The skin covering his knuckles grazed, peeling against stones peppering the soil, but still he scrabbled for a purchase, managing to work his fingertips under the box's bottom ridge. Wren continued to listen, straining to see over the horizon – the rumble grew louder – heading their way. Rhyllann worked first one side of the box, then the other, trying to dislodge it. Finally, with a slurping noise, it lifted slightly. 
‘Quick – help me – I’ve got it – get the other side. Quick!’ 
Wren plunged his hands opposite Rhyllann’s. Together they strained to haul the box from its moorings. With a louder shorter slurp, the box shot up towards them. 
Disappointment flooded through Rhyllann. The rusted box didn’t look anywhere large enough to hold the kind of fortune he’d expected from Wren’s talk of crown jewels. Diamonds! Let it be diamonds; or sapphires, or rubies he prayed under his breath; even a solid gold crown would do. The engine vibrations increased. There was more than one of them. Jumping to his feet, Rhyllann snatched the shovel. Hoisting it over his head, he smashed it down against the box, sending sparks flying upwards. Once, twice three times. The lid sprung open. He stole a quick glance towards Wren, whose face glowed; his smile was one of total satisfaction. 
Rhyllann watched in disbelief then anger as his cousin knelt reverently. Moving as though he feared it would break, he reached inside the chest to pull out a smaller wooden box. He held it like an offering, examining it from all sides. Then he noticed Rhyllann. 
‘Annie. We did it! We did it!’ His eyes gleamed with demonic triumph, inviting Rhyllann to share his excitement, holding the box aloft like a trophy. Rhyllann gripped the shovel handle fighting a sudden urge to smash the spade over Wren's head. 
‘What! We’ve been to hell and back for that?!’ 
Wren started to speak then stopped. Engine revs could be felt through the ground now.
‘Quick. Throw that chest back in the hole, and cover it over. We’ve gotta get outta here!’ 
Wren shrugged off his army tunic jacket as he spoke. What was the point? Rhyllann fumed. It was obvious someone had been digging here. Well, he was gonna make damn sure they knew they were too late. Drawing his mobile from his back pocket and chucking it inside the rusted metal chest he began shovelling earth over. That would give the Arseholes something to think about! Wren finished wrapping the inner wooden box in his jacket. Giving it a last tender pat, he turned to help. Hell, they’d never get out of sight in time. They’d left it too late to run. Rhyllann dragged Wren back to the gorse he’d hidden in earlier. 
 
With Wren’s heels two inches from his nose, Rhyllann wriggled through a claustrophobic tunnel  formed by gorse, meant only for rabbits or foxes. Woody stems towered above ground before growing spiteful thorns along with luscious green leaves and sweet smelling yellow flowers. If they kept their nerve, unless someone actually entered the maze like tunnel, they were undetectable in their borrowed camouflage. They reached the edge of the thicket, which bordered the boulders they had crouched on previously. They could either remain under gorse cover, or clamber back up to the craggy overhang. They opted to stay put. 
 
They had enough time to pick out an excellent spot. A perfect circle where the stalks didn’t grow underneath, but soared above them to form dense cover. A ballroom for rabbits. Enough for two skinny kids to sprawl in comfort and watch without being seen. Rhyllann wondered who’d find his mobile first – Stern or the rugby player. He giggled at the thought. Wren pinched him. 
‘Pack it in – what’s so funny?’ 
He sniggered. ‘Nothing. I left a little surprise for our friends!’
‘What d’you mean?’ Wren asked, an edge to his voice.
‘I left my mobile inside the metal chest! Imagine their faces.’ 
‘You did what?’ Wren sounded incredulous. ‘Are you completely mad?’ Not for the first time, Rhyllann decided his cousin had no sense of humour. 
‘C’mon – chill – it’s jokes! They’re digging for ancient treasure – they come up with a modern mobile.’ A new thought struck Rhyllann, so funny he struggled to get the words out: ‘They might think … Wren – they might think the mobile’s thousands of years old – you know like finding a bus on the moon. It’ll drive them crazy!’ He rocked with silent laughter, hugging himself. 
Wren hit him. Hard. ‘Fool. You might just as well have left a note saying Rhyllann Jones Was Here. Oh and by the way – here’s the phone number of all my friends!’ 
Rhyllann's glee deflated like a balloon. ‘There’s no sim card. You don’t think?’
Wren hit him again as a warning to keep quiet. Rhyllann couldn’t believe how stupid he had been. It wasn’t his fault. All that build up – the anticipation. And then to find a cruddy wooden box like the one gran kept her jewellery in. It had been a small rebellious act. Leaving something just as useless for Stern to find and puzzle over. In fact, Rhyllann decided, this was Wren’s fault for building his hopes up. But he couldn’t even tell Wren that, because the gang were back. They simmered in silence – glaring at each other. 
*
 
Engines stilled, doors slammed and voices sounded. 
‘Jesus – look at the mess here!’
‘No wonder that conservation guy was so upset Sir!’ 
‘Mmm. These are our boys Sergeant Tiller. Good thing our man played innocent and backed off. Can we get a photo of that – and those weird markings?’
Rhyllann could only glimpse legs sweeping past but he recognised that voice. He nudged Wren. 
‘Crombie!’ 
Wren held an imaginary phone to his cheek with a grimace. Crombie would discover the mobile. Crombie would know immediately where Rhyllann was hiding because Crombie had a nose like a bloodhound when it came to Rhyllann. Crombie’s boots turned in their direction; catching his breath Rhyllann wriggled deeper into the dirt, trying to bury himself. Wren hissed at him to keep still.
‘Ok – Rodgers – looks like they dug over there – get your fat lazy backside down there and dig.’ 
Buses on the moon and mobiles in ancient chests seemed less and less funny. 
Crombie’s voice boomed again carrying clearly: 
‘Superintendent Bates – You’re in position? Yep. We’re at Taffy’s Folly – it’s deserted. Guess our master race are all holed up in the farmhouse. Probably taking a powernap. Tell your boys it’s a go!’ 
Rhyllann buried his face in the dirt. Crombie had tracked down Stern and his gang, it seemed armed police were up for a shoot out. If he hadn’t been so stupid! Stern’s gang would have been taken care of, and no-one would ever have known he and Wren were even here. 
‘Sir! Look! A spade!’ A woman’s voice called excitedly. 
‘That’s great – good work Chrissie! Tell you what – you and Tiller get over there and search those rocks.’
‘Sir?’ 
‘We’ll charge ‘em first with desecrating an ancient monument while we hold ‘em for Interpol. After you’ve searched those rocks, search that thicket – the whole area. Anything else that can tie them to this place – sweet wrappers – cigarette packets – understood? And photograph everything.’
The undergrowth shuddered as someone began probing with a spade, batting the gorse first one way then another. The boys shrunk back, vicious little spikes piercing their flesh. Rhyllann held his breath. Any moment now they’d be discovered. But we’ve done nothing. He told himself. We’re in the wrong place at the wrong time, but we’ve done nothing. I’ll stand up – tell Crombie we thought … he felt fingers of steel grasp his arm, as Wren read his mind. 
‘Sir! Sir!’ Rodgers was calling. ‘I’ve found something.’ There was a stampede in his direction. Rhyllann counted four pairs of legs. 
‘A mobile Sir – that’s strange.’ 
The female voice spoke. ‘Maybe there’s a text message – or a phone number to call …’ 
‘I’ll take it back to Bodmin Station – they might be able to unlock it!’ That sounded like Sergeant Tiller. 
A faded leather jacket flapped into view as its owner bent to scoop up the mobile. 
‘Jesus Christ!’ Crombie shouted. ‘For godsake Bates – stand down weapons.’ He yelled into the radio. ‘Hostages! They’ve got hostages. STAND DOWN! At least one, maybe two kids hostage! Abort! Abort! Abort!’
He yelled over to Rodgers again – Hewes and Tiller began speaking at once. 
‘Are you sure Sir – how do you know?’
‘I recognise this mobile – the cracked screen, the sellotape. It belongs to Rhyllann Jones!’
‘What! That mouthy little git? You think they’ve got him?’ 
‘Yes. He might be a mouthy little git – but he’s street smart. He dropped the phone in there unnoticed. Hoping someone would find it. Rodgers – come on! We’ve gotta get going. Make sure Bates doesn’t get trigger happy.’ 
Rhyllann groaned. Wren’s eyes burnt into the back of his neck. Doors slammed, engines roared, wheels churned and silence returned. 
 
*
 
Rhyllann wished himself a thousand miles away. But because he had nowhere else to turn, he faced his cousin. 
‘Don’t say anything.’ He warned. ‘Don’t say anything because it’s not as though you never muck up.’ He nearly shrivelled under Wren’s scorn. He should have saved his breath. It was going to be a long long time before Wren spoke to him again. If ever. 
Wordlessly Wren extracted himself from the gorse thicket, dusted himself down and began walking. The camouflage jacket containing the wooden box tucked under his arm. Rhyllann chased after him. 
‘Brawd – brawd – where are we going?’ 
Wren shot him a dirty look and carried on walking over bumpy ground. Rhyllann got in front of him again. 
‘C’mon brawd, please – don’t be like this.’ Rhyllann was forced to walk backwards as Wren continued marching. 
‘At least tell me where we’re going!’ He wailed. But Wren’s lips remained in a thin tight line. 
 
The route they took followed a slight decline and Rhyllann guessed they were finished with the moors. Wren probably wanted to find public transport, maybe even a library for more research. The pure gentle air gave way to a heavier muggy atmosphere. Rhyllann pulled at his t-shirt feeling uncomfortably sticky and oppressed. Glancing up he saw that while the upper moors were still bathed in sunshine, thick heavy clouds were rolling in from the direction they were headed, and that was strange, as there was no wind about. Although Rhyllann reminded himself it might be a different story a couple of miles above ground level.
After an hour of tramping in silence across barren moor land, the scenery began to change. Ahead of them lay a belt of trees. Wren skirted around until they came across a sandy path through the woods which led to a series of lakes. Pulling out the OS map from his side trouser pocket, Wren studied it, turning it this way and that. Rhyllann immediately began blowing smoke. 
‘Bloody smart of you to nick those bikes brawd, I mean – and those pasties too.’ His stomach clenched at the memory. Rhyllann hurried on. ‘Lucky you’re so good at reading maps. I mean – we’d be really lost without you.’ 
This got him a derisive look from eyes that were slits of blue. Folding the map away Wren turned on his heel to splodge around the lake, the water to his left, moors to the right, tree branches arching upwards to form a canopy. 
Muttering under his breath Rhyllann had no choice but to follow slipping and sliding in his wake. Wren was being totally out of order, he told himself, dragging him all over the country, dropping him right in it with Crombie, making him hi-jack planes…They were lost now, and hungry and tired …Just as Rhyllann decided his life could not get any worse, rain fell in bucket loads from the sky. No gentle summer shower – this was torrential deafening rain, ricocheting from the water like gravel on glass, drenching Rhyllann’s world within seconds, sending moorhens and ducks skittering for shelter. Where their lake ended another began. A wide muddy track separated the two bodies of water. Turning left Wren began walking between the lakes. His blond hair turned dark, the khaki t-shirt clinging sodden to his ribs. From time to time Wren slipped or stumbled awkwardly, clutching the combat jacket and box to his chest. 
Rhyllann had his own battle. Every piece of clothing drenched and clinging to his skin, weighing him down, pushing him into the mud so that every step meant uprooting a sodden trainer before swinging it forward. And all this time the rain pelted down, finding every exposed pore, forcing him to screw up his eyes, blinding and deafening him. Up ahead Wren stumbled again. This time he didn’t manage to save himself; sprawling full length. Rhyllann hurried to help him up. His cousin’s teeth chattered between bloodless lips, his hair was plastered against his skull. Rhyllann’s feet skidded as he hauled him upright; for a moment it seemed they would both tumble over. They clutched at each other like two novice skaters. Rhyllann's own teeth started chattering as he took the box from Wren. They tried supporting each other as they walked, but that didn’t work. If one tripped the other stumbled too. It was easier to splodge side by side in silence. Even if Wren wanted to speak, Rhyllann wouldn’t be able to hear him. The rain bounced up from the lakes and puddles that were rapidly forming across their path. They needed to get off this flat bridge of land quickly, before the lakes met. It became a desperate struggle; if they quickened their pace, they stumbled more frequently. Rhyllann found himself clutching the box against his chest so hard it physically hurt. He welcomed the pain, using it to spur himself on, ploughing through sheets of rain – falling from the sky – from over hanging branches – from his hair. The only thought he allowed was the next step and the next step, and the next, judging every inch of the barely visible path in the terrifying knowledge that one wrong move could be their last. 
Finally they could see an end. Ahead of them the land rose steeply. Here the path diverged – if they turned left they would be circling the first lake, turn right and they’d be walking along the edge of the second lake. With a feeling of dread, Rhyllann remembered they’d approached the lakes down a gentle incline. If they wanted to continue forward they would have to scale an almost vertical bank of earth. Rhyllann cast a glance over his shoulder, the path behind was already underwater. They were at the bottom of a basin which was filling fast. 
Thrusting the box into Wren’s hands, he ran at the bank, propelling himself towards one of the scrubby bushes clinging to the side. Rhyllann seized handfuls of shrubbery, scattering collected rainwater and loose earth. Heaving himself upwards, he wedged one foot against the plant, balancing precariously. From here, the bank became even steeper, stretching upwards for another twenty feet at least. At best he had managed to scrabble five feet. Feeling the ground beneath him crumble as roots tore loose, he gave up and allowed himself to slide back onto the path. 
Wren watched, with eyes screwed up against the rainwater streaming down his face, convulsing with shivers. Now without a flicker of emotion he turned to his right and waded forward. 
Rhyllann knew he must have been in more pain before this day. But this was torture. His skin felt so tender that every drop of rain stung as though being pelted with small gun shot. He’d scraped his hands and knees; his ears throbbed with cold, his jaw ached from clenching against chattering teeth. But far worse was the certainty that this was never going to end. He wanted to curl up in a ball, to find some warmth. But already water batted against his feet. If he lay down, he might never get up. Because Wren somehow found the strength to forge onwards, Rhyllann forced himself to move. 
 
Like a reward for his bravery, the rain softened, then stopped. Rhyllann splashed ankle deep in water, but being able to raise his head, to see where he was going felt luxurious. He lengthened his stride, determined to catch up with the diminutive figure sploshing ahead like a clockwork toy. They were going to get through this he told himself. They would look back at this and laugh. He’d almost caught Wren up, in a moment, he’d slap his shoulder and Wren would give that dorky smile and they’d be friends again. After Rhyllann roasted him for sulking. With a burst of energy he surged forward, water churning, splashing to his hips. Wren cast a glance over his shoulder then disappeared. 
Flinging himself head first into murky ice cold blackness, gasping as the air flumped from his lungs, Rhyllann groped blindly with outstretched hands, frantically fishing for Wren. His mind gabbled wildly, this was a bottomless pit, some lurking tentacled creature had snatched Wren, it would come back for him … and no one knew they were here … icy fingers clawed the back of his neck, clinging limpet like. With a supreme effort Rhyllann pushed down against the path to jerk backwards dragging Wren’s body with him. Wren rolled over onto his hands and knees to retch. Rhyllann struggled upright, only to topple against a bramble bush. He had pulled every muscle in his back. Groaning in agony he extracted himself from the brambles. At least Wren was safe from that icy murky pit. Wiping a hand across his mouth, he watched Wren scrabbling around frantically. Then with a despairing glance at Rhyllann he plunged back into the lake. 
Dropping to his haunches, squatting in the mire, Rhyllann buried his head in his knees and howled. He couldn’t – just couldn’t – submerge himself in those waters again. It wasn’t fair. He couldn’t. He would wait here for rescue. And if rescue didn’t come – he would never have to explain why he had let his cousin drown. He howled louder then squealed in terror. 
A hand appeared in front of him, slapping down a small wooden box, followed by Wren’s head shoulders and torso emerging from the lake like a wraith. He swiped hair back from his face, shook water from his hands, stooped to retrieve the box and marched off without a word. The urge to kill him overcame the urge to abandon hope. Rhyllann struggled to catch up, careful to keep a decent gap between them. He didn’t trust himself. 
Eventually they reached the far edge of the lake and a deserted carpark. But there was a lane leading back to civilisation – away from these dreadful lakes. Wren waited for Rhyllann to reach his side, then finally broke his silence. 
‘Annie. We made it. Thank god.’ 
He hadn’t spoken before not through temper or spite. He’d needed to conserve all his strength and by sheer will power alone he’d managed to carry them both. Without him, Rhyllann would be an exhausted heap sobbing at the lake’s edge. Wren’s teeth chattered in a face gaunt with exhaustion. 
‘I didn’t realise the waters would rise so quickly – they must have opened the barriers up country – we’re in the middle of a flood plain.’ 
Rhyllann patted his shoulder. Then with a shove told him to get going and can the lecture. 
Chapter Twenty 
 
Crombie turned the battered mobile over and over in his hands, thinking. The operation hadn’t been a complete disaster. Following the Scottish lead, Interpol had arrested three suspects. Somehow though Stern and eight others had slipped through the net, making their way to Cornwall. Though Devon and Cornwall were spitting bullets over the failed raid, they had four gang members in custody, all of whom wanted to talk. Considering they were facing grand theft, not to mention murder in some cases, not surprising. 
Not as good as it could have been, but not too shabby. 
He looked up as Christine Hewes entered the room, carrying an small plastic evidence bag. 
‘Found these Sir, on the boulders by the monolith.’ 
‘Thanks Christine. Is it still raining?’
‘Fraid so Sir. The lines to London are down.’ 
He grunted, examining the browning apple cores through the transparent bag. He needed to talk to Cavan. He supposed he would view the operation as a success. Strange really, how the gang had separated, some flying up to Scotland, some travelling down to Cornwall. Opposite ends of the country. Crombie opted to steer clear of Interpol, and landed by default in Cornwall. At least he was familiar with the place. His wife and girls loved holidaying here. 
 
He spoke outloud, using WPC Hewes as a sounding board. 
‘Why do you suppose some of ‘em went up to Scotland?’ 
She hesitated, as though he had posed a trick question. 
‘Didn’t Interpol say they’d found the blond kid’s notebook? Apparently he laid a false trail for them.’ 
Crombie already knew that. And yet. A thirteen year old managing to outwit that nasty little gang? Wren Prenderson had convinced them his notes were authentic, by risking not only his gran’s, but his own life. But Mikey Stern hadn’t fallen for it. 
‘What made Stern come to Cornwall instead d’you think?’
She blushed. ‘Dunno Sir. No idea. Maybe he thought he’d be better off keeping tabs on the kids, then when he found Joan’s diary, he worked out the Celtic Connection.’
Crombie stared at her, really puzzled now. ‘Joan’s diary? What are you talking about?’
She blushed a shade darker and stammered. ‘"The Brotherhood” Sir … they were talking about Joan’s diary – I presumed it was the Welsh book that the old man had … old man Stern? And Mikey Stern found it.’ 
Crombie shook his head slowly. Something didn’t add up, but he couldn’t work it out. 
‘No, no no. I searched those houses personally.’ He scratched an ear, then pulled at the lobe. ‘Unless. That envelope we found?’ He gazed up at Hewes, feeling a twinge of impatience when she merely gulped back at him. 
‘C’mon Hewes. You’re normally sharper than this. The envelope. Back at Green’s?’ 
She lowered her eyes, teeth nibbling her lips; Crombie sighed. If they’d managed to catch the kids there, got them back safely in custody … 
Now Mikey Stern and that nasty little group calling themselves The Brotherhood were in Cornwall. Along with both kids; and somehow those kids had managed to get hold of whatever had been buried in that metal chest for eight hundred years. 
Were the kids and Stern working together? Crombie shook his head again. No, that didn’t make sense. Somehow that blond kid had them all chasing rainbows and shadows; The Brotherhood, Stern, The police. And his cousin.
Crombie examined Rhyllann’s phone again, as though hoping it would miraculously ring. Outloud he said. 
‘Where are you son? Where on earth are you?’
Chapter Twenty-One
 
Rhyllann stood blinking down at a concrete field. A group of executive style detached houses dwarfed the manicured gardens they stood in. They were saved; the nightmare was over. But even as the cousins watched, a small convoy of people carriers and shiny off roaders streamed out of the close heading away from the boys, presumably for the nearest town. With a gasp, Rhyllann broke into a run, splashing along the shallow river surging down the lane. They had to get a ride.
 
Finally something went right. A Volvo estate was still loading up. As Rhyllann sprinted up the drive a man emerged from the house, carrying a baby’s car seat. Clutching his side, Rhyllann panted up to the car; the man’s head swung round then back as he hurriedly strapped the baby in. Wren limped into view as a woman in an identical grey track suit emerged pulling a large shaggy dog and a suitcase, behind her two kids of about eight smothered in bright orange waterproof capes struggled with a coolbox. Rhyllann swallowed hard, swiping a mat of hair from his forehead and tried to talk. The little family acted as though he wasn’t there. Even the dog didn’t bark.
‘Quickly Molly, next to your sister – Brian hurry – get the boot open.’ Brian's missus double locked the front door as she spoke.
At last the words tumbled out: ‘Please – please we need a lift.’
Now the woman was at the estate's boot urging the dog in, slamming it shut she hurried to get in the passenger seat. The man threw the elder girl with the coolbox into the car, strapping her next to the baby. Rhyllann rushed to his side, dragging at his sleeve feeling panicky. 
‘Please – didn’t you hear me? Please!’
The woman let down the driver’s window, leaning across to yell. 
‘Clear off! I know your sort. Always holding out your hand for something!’ 
The man shrugged Rhyllann's hand off, and without looking at him muttered: ‘I’m sorry – sorry – you can see for yourself – there’s no room.’ 
‘There’s plenty of room – we’ll sit in the back – with the dog!’ Rhyllann screeched. From the corner of his eye he saw Wren collapse against the garden wall. One of gran’s phrases sprung to his lips. 
‘For the love of Christ help us!’ The two girls watched as though this was an act for their benefit. One started sniggering. 
‘Oh spare us.’ The woman sneered. ‘Come on Brian. Honestly – where are their own parents? Probably bladdered out of their minds, dancing round some standing stone. Come on. Else we’ll never get through.’ 
Her last words to Rhyllann were: 
‘And you can get him off my lawn!’
Rhyllann chased after the car, banging on the windows with his fists. The two girls swivelled round to stick out their tongues and pull faces. Their parents stared straight ahead. An almighty crack sounded. For a moment Rhyllann thought he had broken a window and stood back allowing the car to escape. Seconds later he could barely see the rear lights through the torrential rain, and lightning seared the sky again. 
Chapter Twenty-Two
 
Rhyllann staggered as though he’d been kicked in the stomach. He tracked across the lawn to slump beside Wren. The miniature Cornish wall provided some shelter for their backs. The cousins sat hugging their drawn up knees, shivering uncontrollably. Rhyllann watched puddles spread on the herringbone pattern brick drive, bulging, melting into others to form a sheet of water before spilling onto an already saturated lawn. 
‘Annie – this is a deluge. If those lakes overflow...’ 
Rhyllann still smarted at his recent rejection. He’d come across hostility before – he lived in London after all. But here – in God’s own country! 
‘They had plenty of room in that car – we’d be warm and dry by now.’ He shivered with pleasure at the thought of being warm and dry, a state he’d always taken for granted. 
‘They’re just jealous of us.’ Wren said with a wry smile. 
Another of gran’s phrases. Whenever people were “mean” to Rhyllann or “nasty” to Wren that was gran’s standard response. Rhyllann believed her. Who would not want to be him – Rhyllann Jones? Now he lowered his head to his knees and allowed sobs to wrack his body. Those people had everything – he and Wren were so obviously needy. Yet they had taken one look at the raggle taggle pair and decided they weren’t fit to keep their dog company. 
Wren shook him. ‘Look – an alarm. If we break in – set it off – someone’s bound to come.’ 
Rhyllann let the words sink in. It meant waving a white flag. But at least they’d be out of this soul destroying rain. Still sobbing he stood to heave and shove at the wall with swollen chapped hands. Finally dislodging a stone, he charged towards the house; summoning the last of his strength to hurl it against the largest window. Thunder crashed again masking the sound of shattering glass. Rhyllann peered up at the burglar alarm, puzzled at the silence. 
He turned back to Wren – ‘There’s no electric. The power’s down.’ He shouted competing with the thunder and rain. Rhyllann didn’t think he’d heard him, but then Wren buried his head in his knees. 
Jeez! Rhyllann slogged back across the lawn to haul him to his feet. 
‘Not now brawd, please – don’t go to pieces on me now. Come on.’ 
 
Somehow Rhyllann managed to get Wren through the broken kitchen window, into an immense lounge, straight out of a glossy magazine. With Wren collapsed on one of the two sofas, Rhyllann scoured the kitchen for food. He found a soggy half thawed packet of fish fingers, half a box of dog biscuits, and a tin of baby formula. And some melted ice cream. Unbelievable. Volvo family had cleared the house of perishables. Without boiling water, he couldn’t even use the powered baby milk. Back in the lounge, he found Wren had thrown up over the expensive looking rug covering the polished wooden floor. Even if he broke into the other houses, and managed to find something, chances were Wren wouldn’t be able to keep it down. He muttered something unintelligible. 
‘Say again brawd?’
‘My box Annie – where’s my box?’ 
Jeez. The way things were going they would both be in their boxes. With a sob Rhyllann heaved himself through the kitchen window again into the stinging rain, barely able to see three feet in front of him. He could swear it was only around four in the afternoon, but overcast skies had brought an early twilight. The paths outside streamed with shallow rivulets, forming puddles here and there. The wooden box was drifting slowly into a neighbouring garden. Rhyllann fished it out, then lifted a foot over the wall to test the depth of a puddle. The water covered the soles of his trainers. Before his eyes it rose to touch his lace tips. He looked around the deserted close. The entire neighbourhood had all decided at exactly the same time to pack up and go? Or had they been ordered to evacuate? 
While Rhyllann deliberated, headlights flooded the lane. He ducked behind the wall as a jeep turned into the close, immersing the seat of his trousers in water. Anxiously he cast a glance behind him at the recently vandalised window. Would the newcomers see it? Would they accept his excuse for breaking it – or should he say it was already like that? Rhyllann strained to listen, trying to work out what kind of people the neighbours were and how to approach them. He risked raising his head. Five people climbed from the vehicle, the driver made a beeline to shelter under the porch, while the other four hurried to the rear of the jeep. Throwing aside a heap of council workmen jackets, they uncovered two metal trunks. With a man either side they manhandled the trunks past the driver through the now open front door, staggering under their weight.
‘Keep ‘em upright – for heaven’s sake!’ 
Rhyllann only caught a glimpse of the trunks’ identifying stickers; but he was pretty certain that a bright fluorescent triangle stamped with a skull and crossbones signified some kind of flammable or explosive material. 
With a sharp intake of breath Rhyllann ducked behind the wall again, tucking his head between his knees, trying to make himself as small as possible.
Voices sounded again, but he was frozen in position, though his ears strained trying to make out words. Luckily they had to shout to make themselves heard. 
‘Find those little runts. We need to know what was buried on Bodmin Moor.'
‘Don’t worry. They won’t get far, not in this malstrom.’
Rhyllann’s world spun, he ducked his head even lower, feeling his heart pounding against the box clutched firmly to his chest. 
‘You worry about your friends. I’ll track the kids down. Leave it to me.’ A woman’s voice spoke as though used to issuing orders. ‘You’re safe here. We’ve evacuated the place. Only break radio silence if it’s urgent. Understand?’ 
The first man spoke again, the rain washing his words away. 
‘No. It’s only half a mile into town. We can’t risk it, I’ll walk.’
 
*
 
Rhyllann squatted with icy water numbing him from the hips down, his mind reeling from what he’d heard. Could this be a trick of some kind? Maybe an vivid hallucination bought on by exhaustion and cold. He risked a peek. A military style jeep was still parked on the drive opposite. As he watched he saw torch beams flickering in windows. Of all the bloody places for them to shelter in. Their luck could not get any worse. To his right, a ghostly face appeared at the frame of the window he'd recently broken. Wren! Moving recklessly, Rhyllann hurtled across the lawn, hoisting himself into the kitchen. 
‘Annie – A jeep! There’s a jeep!’ Wren gestured wildly as though Rhyllann couldn’t see they had company. 
‘I know! Get down!’ 
Wren’s face turned even whiter as Rhyllann explained the new danger they were in. 
Chapter Twenty-Three
 
‘What are we going to do Annie – if they find us!’ 
They were in the semi-darkness of the living room again. Wren spoke with his head between his knees, gulping ominously, his breathing laboured. Rhyllann wanted to shake him – demand to know more about these thugs – and just what was so important about the box Wren had risked both their lives for. It sat on the coffee table in front of them. An innocuous rectangle barely four inches at the longest. Strips of ivory protected the edges, coloured wood veneers made a funky abstract pattern: Light oak, reddish teak, ebony, with inlaid mother of pearl and tortoiseshell and yellow metal. It cried out to be stroked and handled. Rhyllann picked it up, its weight snuggled comfortably in his hands. He flipped the lid open with his thumbs to peer inside, hoping for a huge egg sized diamond. Yet again he was disappointed, and he frowned, almost but not quite recognising the slim golden object. Rhyllann fished it out for a closer examination: The yellow metal rod was about an inch long with a ring at the top. A fringe of metal jutted from the bottom half of the ring. Protruding from the other end were two flatter pieces of metal with small indentations. Rhyllann’s brow wrinkled as he replaced it. 
‘Is this some sort of key?’ He asked. Wren took the box from him, 
‘Yes it’s a key Annie. The Key. Don’t worry – I’ll get you your treasure yet.’ With that Wren's eyes fluttered closed and his breathing became even shallower.
Sighing, Rhyllann went to search the house once more for food. The master bedroom had an ensuite bathroom. Candles of all shapes sizes and colours surrounded the side of the bath. Rhyllann tried the taps, astonished but pleased when hot water gushed. Lighting the candles with matches he’d found in a beside cabinet, he tipped bubble bath under the running water. 
‘A good hot bath. He’ll feel much better.’ Rhyllann crooned, the steam and scented candles making him feel light headed and dizzy. ‘Then I’ll get something to eat. I’ll get us something to eat.’ 
 
‘C’mon brawd, Annie’s run you a lovely hot – oh hell!’ A surge of anger rose, this wasn’t fair. No matter how hard he tried, Wren kept messing things up. Rhyllann closed his eyes, shutting out the terrifying sight on the sofa, immediately the room filled with the horrific gurgling of water logged lungs struggling to take in oxygen. 
Rhyllann took a step forward, before he could rest a hand against the skull like head he felt heat radiating through Wren’s sodden clothes. Cursing himself for not acting sooner Rhyllann stripped him of the damp clothes, then found a duvet to wrap him in, all the time crooning and whispering encouragement. All the time Wren’s life force visibly dwindled, breath by breath. A calm voice spoke. “He needs a hospital. You’ve gotta get him to a hospital, come hell or high water.” Rhyllann nodded agreement, repeating obediently ‘Hell-or-high-water.’ 
His glance fell on the mysterious wooden box. “Give it to them.” The voice urged. Rhyllann nodded. He would barter the wooden box for his cousin’s life. He dropped down through the window clutching the box. The voice spoke again. “Fool. Get one of them to drive Wren to the hospital first.” Rhyllann trembled at the mistake he had almost made. He crouched, unwilling to climb back through the window unless he had to, looking for suitable hiding place in the garden. An idea struck him and he smiled. He’d hide the box right under their noses, in the jeep!  With a swagger, he set off towards their drive, the voice issuing yet more instructions. 
“Describe the box to them. Explain it’s an enigma only Wren can decipher.” Enigma? Decipher? Whose bloody voice was this anyway? 
Rhyllann stepped over the dividing wall and tracked across the neighbouring lawn, and had just reached the paved drive when the front door swung open. He crouched behind the jeep thinking Shee-it. I’ll find somewhere else to hide the box. 
The voice kept quiet as three men emerged, one hurried on to open the jeep’s rear while the other two followed slowly, weighed down by the trunk they carried. With his heart pounding violently, certain he’d be caught, Rhyllann crawled under the jeep, and splayed out, hugging the ground. Great timing Jones! He thought, closing his eyes and praying he didn't get detected. Then he stiffened, as a voice called back to the house, complaining loudly. 
‘Don’t forget - you owe us! This is wrong.’ 
The jeep's doors opened, and its frame juddered as two men climbed in, and Rhyllann hugged the ground tighter, trying to bury himself into the sodden gravel.
The doors slammed in temper, inches above Rhyllann's head, the engine churned into life, and the jeep reversed out the drive, leaving Rhyllann horribly exposed. Clutching the box to his chest he rolled from the gravelled drive onto a strip of grass bordered by a hedge The door to the house slammed in reply as Wren’s last hope rumbled away. Still sprawling full length, feeling mud oozing and sliding, Rhyllann slithered forwards. The door had bounced open, the other two were now in the kitchen, arguing. 
‘Crombie ain’t gonna like this. I don’t like it. This isn't what the Brotherhood is about. Not now. You know what Crombie says.’ 
‘Crombie isn’t here. If you keep your mouth shut he won’t know.’
‘It isn't right. They aren't gonna grass. They know what’s at stake.’
‘Yeah? Those blabbermouths have already given names – when the deal’s struck, they’ll start giving locations. This way we’ve got rid of those traitors and tied up the emergency services. Then we can concentrate on getting hold of those kids. When we do – I’ve got scores to settle. Thieving Welsh scum. Don’t forget – I’ve lost my dad. He’d still be alive if it weren’t for that little runt!’ 
‘Mikey, you’ve got the word of a bent copper – I’d swear on my life...’ They moved out of earshot. 
 
Rhyllann, still hugging the box shivered. Crombie! Crombie had sold them out – probably tired of driving a salvage scheme reject. 
‘What now?’ he whispered. But the voice remained silent. Through the pouring rain Rhyllann looked across towards the broken window and began trudging back to Wren. 
Chapter Twenty-Four
 
Wren shivered and burned on a sofa damp with sweat. Thin clear liquid trickled from his nose and mouth, his eyes turned up in his head showing slivers of white when Rhyllann prised open his eyelids. 
‘Bloody hell brawd – don’t do this! Don’t do this to me!’ Rhyllann screamed at him. For the second time that day his cousin was dying in front of his eyes. 
‘Not this time. Not this time.’ He muttered, knocking the coffee table aside and dragging Wren to the floor. He wouldn’t give in again. Rhyllann still had to get him through the kitchen window, across the drive, then somehow manage to reach the nearest town. Without the neighbours spotting them. He thought about leaving Wren here, going for help. Except someone might spot the broken window and investigate. He watched as Wren’s fingers twitched, and his hand moved. Guessing what he wanted Rhyllann nudged the box against his side. Stroking it, Wren’s lips twitched into a ghost of a smile.
‘Annie. I’m so sorry. I should never have dragged you into this.’ His voice was barely audible. Rhyllann knelt beside him, propping him up. 
‘Don’t talk. Just breathe. Just keep breathing.’ 
Wren’s eyelids flickered open; after a second or two he managed to focus on Rhyllann. 
‘No, let me – I need to.’ He broke off to cough. ‘Annie – that day – when I swapped the books. I knew … I knew they were out to get me. I tried to talk to you. But you weren’t listening. I had to get your attention. I told Coleman he had halitosis and dandruff.’ 
Something welled up inside Rhyllann, a force rumbled around in his stomach and up through his chest emerging as laughter as he remembered that day. He could feel Wren’s body shaking as they huddled together in a house they had no right to be in, hiding from a ruthless gang. Minutes later he realised the laughter had turned to sobbing, and Wren’s body no longer moved. 
With a sense of hopelessness Rhyllann plugged his mouth over Wren’s and began CPR, pushing down on his chest, trying to remember how to count. He began feeling giddy and light headed, breathing for both of them. Black spots swum before his eyes, his arms started their own protest but Rhyllann kept going long after common sense told him to give up. Images flashed through his mind; Gran’s face when she heard her youngest grandson was dead, Aunt Sarah learning the news from some faceless prison warden. Rhyllann peered into a future where there was no-one to point out freakish insects or explain when he was helpless with hiccups that they were a throwback to when humans had gills. And no one to call him Annie. The room shimmered with silent people watching him, urging him on. Gran’s worried little face, his mum quietly supporting him, Aunt Sarah looking wild eyed. A slim blond youth encouraged him with a smile. For a second or two, a young girl's form shimmered, her hands clutched against her chest, wordlessly imploring with huge greeny brown eyes. And still Rhyllann pumped on thinking wet drowning, dry drowning, inhale, exhale, push push push – turning his head to one side, pinching Wren’s nose and breathing his own lungful of air into Wren's lungs, all the while chanting breathe breathe breathe as he pressed down on Wren's ribcage again. Sounds began to trickle back into Rhyllann's consciousness, the splatter of rain, the ticking of a clock, a gurgle of drainpipes. And most wonderful of all the soft wheeze of Wren’s chest as he started breathing for himself. 
 
Rhyllann sat watching him, knowing this was only a reprieve until the next attack. They needed transport. Wheels of some kind. He wouldn’t manage to get Wren through that window. Not without being seen. If only the front door wasn’t double locked. For the tenth time he cursed Volvo family. If only – of course – Rhyllann jumped to his feet searching for another way out – there had to be a back door – the kitchen faced the front, the lounge overlooked the rear garden – rushing to the patio doors, feverishly he tugged at the top and bottom catches then pulled at the handle. A massive top to floor pane of glass swept open. Rain cascaded in drenching him, drumming against the wooden floor. Rhyllann whooped with joy. Standing on the patio, barely an arm's length away, its coach work glistening with water was something he’d only seen in films. An old fashioned bassinet pram. The type used by royalty to push little princes and princess through leafy parks, easily large enough to hold a baby and a toddler in comfort.
Quickly tipping water from the padded inside, heedless of tyre tracks, he whizzed the pram over to Wren. Somehow Rhyllann manoeuvred him into the pram’s carriage, still wrapped in the flowery duvet, with his legs dangling over like a life sized Guy Fawkes. Seizing the pram's handle, Rhyllann sped back through the patio doors, across the back garden into a service path, and finally they were away down the lane. If anyone did manage to spot them through the torrential rain, they would surely think they were hallucinating. 
Singing and giggling happily as the pram propelled them back to civilisation, Rhyllann almost hoped to bump into Volvo family – so he could thank them for their hospitality. 
 
*
 
Ramming aside barricades blocking off the lane, Rhyllann splashed on. The lane widened into a street, other roads diverged from it, but no street lights glowed; all the houses were in darkness. The whole town had lost power. An elderly woman struggled to pile sandbags against her doorstep, rain splattering against the bin bags swathed around her. Applying the brake to the pram, Rhyllann walked up to tap at her shoulder. 
‘Excuse me please? The hospital. Please – I need to find a hospital.’ 
The old woman had probably seen much stranger sights in her time. Without blinking an eye she directed him. Ten minutes later, Rhyllann applied the pram's brake again outside the hospital’s entrance. With Wren sagging against him, he dragged them both up the steps and through the reception doors. Steam rose from the damp bodies huddled into the crowded foyer, and a crescendo of mutterings and shuffling filled the air.
‘I’ll get someone. Stay there, I’ll get someone.’ Rhyllann patted a clammy cheek. ‘Wren – stay with me.’ Wren’s head drooped lifelessly; a plea sprung up in Rhyllann’s mind: ‘Please god, please god please god.’ 
He studied the assembly sized room – three receptionists manned the desk, the queue snaked half way around the waiting area. Every seat and bench was occupied. Lowering Wren against a wall, Rhyllann took a deep breath, then marched to the front. 
Immediately a protest sprung up, Rhyllann felt himself jostled. 
‘My cousin – he needs help now! It’s urgent.’
‘We’re all urgent.’
‘No – you don’t understand – he’s dying. Please – he needs help now!’ 
Rhyllann was shouldered out the way amid calls of ‘take your turn’ and ‘get in the bloody queue’ ‘bloody emmit’. 
God! This was hopeless – he had to find another way! He looked back towards where he’d propped Wren, straining to see over heads, in time to see a trench coated figure stoop and gather Wren up like a bundle of washing. Rhyllann tottered into a run, shoving blindly through bodies. He’d lost them! He couldn’t find them. Pushing down the panic, he forced himself to stand still, and make a complete circuit of the room. He caught a bag lady’s eye. 
‘Man – man with a hat?‘ He gibbered.
‘That way – young man – the gentleman took your friend that way.’ She pointed towards a door marked private. 
‘Thank you – thank you so much!’ Rhyllann breathed, unlocking his legs to stumble in the right direction. Bag lady! Tonight the whole town resembled a refugee camp. 
Finding himself in a small inner lobby, Rhyllann pushed through the next door into a wide main corridor. Which way had they gone? Left would lead to reception and exits, could Wren's kidnapper have doubled back? After a moment’s indecision, Rhyllann turned right, urging his legs to sprint but only managing a geriatric jog. Clutching his side and sobbing now, he reached the corner at last. In time to see Wren being loaded onto a trolley and spirited away by a couple of white coats. Rhyllann opened his mouth to yell, but nothing came out. The figure in the trench coat stood watching as the trolley disappeared through another swing door, then turned to squelch back down the corridor. He held a wooden box in one hand, a bright yellow rainhat obscured his face. Rhyllann slid helplessly down the wall, still clutching his side, mouth working soundlessly. Tugging off his hat, the man batted it against his coat, scattering water droplets. Rhyllann finally recognised him, and howled. A hand seized his hair roughly, forcing his head upwards. The man squatted down to stare into Rhyllann's face with eyes of china blue. Then with another jerk of Rhyllann’s hair, he spoke. 
‘You son, are in my bad books.’ 
Rhyllann couldn’t believe how pleased he was to see that snarl. Once again he gave into hysterical laughter, allowing Crombie to drag him to his feet.
*
 
Bodmin Police Station buzzed with officers and civilians milling around, collating information, shouting to make theirselves heard over two way radios. In addition to loss of power; phone lines, mobile masts and the internet was down. 
Somehow it was all Rhyllann’s fault. He caught the tail end of spiteful whispers and filthy looks. He hunched lower into his chair, closing his eyes to make himself invisible. He’d been allowed a quick wash in the men’s toilets, but Rose’s camouflage gear still clung damply to his body. He was painfully aware of pungent steam rising from him. PC Rodgers shook him out of his doze, jerking his head for Rhyllann to follow. Rodgers opened the door to a box room, propelling him forward and onto the makeshift camp bed.  To emphasise how much trouble Rhyllann was in, he handcuffed him to the metal bed frame. Only a week ago Rhyllann would have shouted the place down in protest. Ignoring Rodgers he merely covered himself with a scratchy blanket, stretched out and fell asleep. 
Interlude
 
The ground felt springy under Rhyllann's feet again, he climbed the hill effortlessly towards Taffy’s Folly. The giant monolith no longer stood alone; the boulders previously tumbled around had somehow formed themselves into a surrounding circle. Inside the stone circle moonlit shadows danced. Rhyllann told himself the stones only appeared to be moving because he was moving, altering his line of vision. In his dream he slowed his footsteps, then inexplicitly removed his trainers and socks, before approaching cautiously in bare feet. 
A tall slim figure almost merging into the Folly supported a smaller figure whose face strained upwards towards the stars. With a jolt which should have woken him, Rhyllann started forward again shouting foolishly. 
‘Hey you – get away from him.’ He reached the perimeter of the circle, close enough to see the man’s face, except it was shrouded. The stranger vanished suddenly in the way of dreams and the blond youth toppled forwards onto his knees. Rhyllann reached out, touching the rough cold stone and willed himself to wake up. But he couldn’t. He stumbled into the circle; immediately a high pitched static hit his ears and he felt the crackle of some latent energy field knocking him to the ground. He scuffled forward on all fours to face his cousin. 
 
Wren’s eyes stared upward, gazing unfocused at the night sky and with a chilling mind altering clunk, Rhyllann realised this was more than a dream. He confirmed this by reaching out to shake Wren.
‘Brawd, where’d he go? Did he touch you? What did he want?’
Wren lowered his head to look at Rhyllann, his pupils had expanded into the iris, and his eyes appeared to be bottomless pools. Rhyllann shivered; this was beyond weird. Had Wren been drugged? Had they both been drugged and somehow carried here? His mind sought a rational explanation. 
‘Brawd – please – you’re scaring me.’ 
‘Annie – he’s gone – and there was so much more I needed to know!’ Wren sounded desolate. 
‘Did he touch you?’ 
Wren’s eyes focused for the first time. ‘Yes, he touched me. I felt his hands inside my head.’
‘What!’ Rhyllann sprung to his feet. He had to get Wren back to hospital. Whatever that guy had done, Wren had changed. Before he could take a step, a flash of deepest blue exploded, in his head, and yet gloriously outside as well, stars, galaxies and universes spun and danced. 
Rhyllann’s mind expanded before infinity, this was unbearable. Wren gave a strange secretive smile, his eyes knowing. Rhyllann opened his mouth to scream – enough! Then the universe shrank, dwindling to a bleak moor land: He watched as huge monoliths were raised against a desolate landscape and realised he was experiencing the birth of Stonehenge. The wild dance slowed and patterns began to emerge. Rhyllann dropped to his knees, the vision ceased suddenly, and bile rose in his gullet. 
Wren continued to gaze at him, his eyes reflecting the inky black sky.
‘Did you … did you just do that?’ 
'Merlin showed me. Anyone can do it. It’s only a transmission – like streaming a video.’ 
‘Merlin?’ Oh dear lord. He really had gone. 
‘Mmm. He spells it like me; Indigo.’ 
Indigo?!! Rhyllann took deep breaths, feeling energy crackling towards him, invading his body with every lungful of air he took. 
‘We’ve gotta get outta here. I don’t know how you got here – I don’t know how we got here. We’ve gotta find a way back.’ He dragged at Wren as he spoke. Wren pulled back.
‘No, listen to me. Please. It’s important.. He wanted to make sure we were ready. Be ready Annie. When the time comes, you’ll know what to do.’ Wren's voice sounded fervent, a zealous convert. 
Rhyllann tried to extract his hands. ‘Brawd, please, you’re scaring me.’
‘Don’t be scared. This is meant.’ Another strange smile crossed Wren's face. ‘We’re the chosen ones.’ 
Rhyllann laughed. For a moment, he thought Wren was going to strike him. Then his features rose in the familiar dorky smile, his eyes returned to normal, the vice like grip softened. As though reading his mind he said. 
‘Sorry, you’re right. A Dr. Evil moment.’ 
‘Damn straight!’ And because it was only a dream Wren vanished as smoothly as the stranger. 
 
Pacing into the middle of the circle, Rhyllann sat down crossed legged with his back against the stone known as Taffy’s Folly; marvelling at how every blade of grass seemed so sharp and clear. Then Rhyllann raised his head to study the star filled skies feeling a deep contentment flood through his skin to his very bones. He soaked up energy, with it the knowledge that he could leave here anytime, but he would carry this moment, this magic with him forever. 
Chapter Twenty-Five
 
Rhyllann’s bed creaked as he turned over; smacking his nose against the metal frame. He gave an experimental stretch; every muscle in his body felt tender and sore, as though he had ran a marathon. Apart from his left arm, which felt dead from the shoulder down. Groaning, Rhyllann swung his feet to the floor and rubbed his upper arm vigorously hoping the feeling would come back sooner rather than later and it wouldn’t hurt too much as the blood re-circulated. He glanced around trying to get his bearings. The only light came through a half glazed door, but it appeared he was in a small room stacked almost floor to ceiling with A4 sized boxes. A voice crackled from the ground. 
‘Rhyllann? You awake?’ Rhyllann hunted for the source of the voice and found a baby monitor on the floor, next to some handcuffs. This just got weirder and weirder. He decided to ignore the voice and still clutching his useless arm heaved himself from the low slung camp bed only to topple back as the door swung open and a familiar figure entered with a tray, leaving the door ajar. 
‘Why didn’t you answer me son?’ Crombie laid the tray across Rhyllann's lap as he spoke. The scrambled eggs looked solid rather than fluffy, but the tea looked good and strong. Rhyllann didn’t bother to waste time talking, heaping eggs onto toast, he began savouring the first hot meal he’d eaten in ages. Crombie lowered himself to the end of the bed and watched. 
‘What’s wrong with your arm?’ He asked.
‘Dunno – must have slept on it.’ Rhyllann mumbled, still swallowing.
They lapsed into an uncomfortable silence. Having scraped the plate clean, Rhyllann chugged back the last mouthful of tea and looked around the room again trying to orientate himself. He wondered vaguely who had taken the handcuffs off. 
‘A stationery cupboard. You shut me in a stationery cupboard!’ 
‘Think yourself lucky – half the town’s sleeping on the floor over at the civic centre.’ Crombie sounded annoyed at that. 
Rhyllann frowned, trying to think back. Was it his fault somehow? Had he done something wrong? What was he doing here anyway? Why was Crombie bringing him breakfast in bed? 
His mind refused to provide answers, but he did remember Crombie responded better when addressed in subdued respectful terms. 
‘Thank you Detective Crombie. I was starving. Thank you again.’ 
Crombie nodded acknowledgement still looking grim. Rhyllann felt the first tingle of sensation, signalling life was returning to his arm and winced silently. He measured the steps to the door and tried to stand up again. The floor tilted upward and he would have fallen face first if Crombie hadn’t caught him. 
‘Whoa there. Sit down son. You’re not going anywhere. You and I are having a little chat.’ That sounded too familiar. He responded automatically.
‘Why, what have I done? I’m not in any trouble am I?’ 
A snort sounded from the open door, Rhyllann’s eyes found the disapproving face of WPC Hewes and his déjà vu was complete. 
 
*
 
WPC Hewes dragged a chair from somewhere to sit in the open doorway as though Rhyllann might try to escape. Crombie sat at the bottom of his bed like a malignant tooth fairy. Rhyllann wondered why they didn’t turn the light on, then why they weren’t using an interview room. The room felt cramped and claustrophobic, Rhyllann edged to the top of the bed, drawing his dirty bare feet up under him. It seemed he had slept in the army gear which smelled embarrassingly musty and he determined not to move around too much. Crombie swung himself round so they were facing each other, one foot rested casually across his knee, the other remained on the ground. For all the world as though they were best mates or something. 
 
‘Well? What have I done now?’ Rhyllann asked sharply forgetting to humour Crombie. 
Crombie raised an eyebrow, from his looks he hadn’t had a very good night either. Apart from the red rims around them, his eyes had almost disappeared in his face, which showed the beginnings of a beard making him look more like a villain than a copper. He wore a bright red t-shirt and faded mud splattered blue jeans tucked into long green socks. 
‘You know – if you had orange trousers on you could stop traffic.’ Rhyllann blurted before he could stop himself. This prompted another snort from the policewoman, but a look of amusement crossed Crombie’s face, and suddenly memories came flooding. Rhyllann leaned across to grab Crombie, kneeling upright to shake him. 
‘Where is he? What have you done with him?’ he shouted. He sensed the policewoman dart forward and swivelled to swat her away, but then Crombie caught him, forcing him to sit back. Rhyllann opened his mouth to scream into his face, but Crombie shook him firmly by the shoulders, all the while making soothing talk. 
‘It's ok. He’s safe. Hear me now – listen to me. Wren’s safe and well in hospital.’ 
Rhyllann looked up into Crombie's concerned face and recognised the truth. He slumped forwards as Crombie relaxed his grip, resuming his place at the bottom of the bed. 
‘Sorry. I’m sorry.’ He should apologise to the policewoman too, he had practically slapped her face. ‘I’m sorry WPC Hewes.’ Her face was red with anger and she wouldn’t look at him. 
‘Don’t mention it.’ She said stiffly. Crombie glanced up at her, and then towards Rhyllann. 
‘Christine, do you think you could rustle up some more tea please?’ Without replying she stalked off. 
‘We’re both in trouble now. She’ll report you for assault and me for being sexist.’ 
Rhyllann tried to smile at this, Crombie made some lame arse jokes. At least Rhyllann hoped he was joking. But he had other things on his mind. 
‘Detective Crombie? Is Wren gonna be okay?’
Crombie nodded. ‘Bruising to the chest, a couple of cracked ribs, a mild infection to his foot.’ 
Rhyllann buried his head in his hands, pressing hard against his eyes. 
‘He died you know. He was dead. I thought I’d never get him breathing again.’ Once again the terrible emptiness of a future without the Prince of Geek swamped him, dry heaves ran through his body as he tried to push the horrific memories away. 
When Rhyllann looked up he found WPC Hewes had returned with a tray of tea and both adults were staring at him. WPC Hewes thrust the tray into Crombie’s hands and bent to embrace him, smelly clothes and all. 
‘You poor little sod.’ She said. The floodgates opened and Rhyllann could barely speak through his tears. He told her everything, noting when Crombie slipped away, noticing that she stiffened when he described how they had found the box and almost been discovered by the remaining gang. When he finished, Rhyllann felt strangely light as though a load had been shed. 
‘You poor little sod.’ She said again. Then: ‘You misheard the name Crombie. One of that gang must have a similar name. And don’t worry about Wren. He’s in good hands now.’ 
But he barely heard her, a deep fatigue swept over him and his need to sleep out weighed the need to shower and use the bathroom. He felt covers being drawn around him, WPC Hewes’s voice whispering in his ear, asking him where the box was now. But Rhyllann couldn’t remember.
‘Wren. Wren holds the key.’ He muttered before falling into a deep sleep.
Chapter Twenty-Six
 
Opening his eyes to see PC Rodgers’s moon like face inches from his own, Rhyllann sat up abruptly. He ached all over and still wanted a good hot shower, but felt less disorientated; happier. Until Rodgers slapped handcuffs around his wrists again and started talking. Apparently he, Rhyllann Jones, had ruined a beautiful set up. With armed police in position Crombie had called the raid off with minutes to go, fearing the gang inside Folly’s House held the boys hostage. 
Rodgers, delighted not to be the scapegoat for once, gave a blow by blow account while Rhyllann searched desperately for his trainers. 
Superintendent Bates of Bodmin accused Crombie of stealing his thunder. “The Guv” insisted on raising the house to enter into lengthy negotiations before allowing the occupants inside to surrender one at a time. The Cornish Police were robbed of the chance to show 'them Londoners’ they weren’t all cider swilling plods. The Met had been humiliated in front of the locals. Over the long drawn out process, Stern and four gang members had managed to escape.
‘'Course.’ Rodgers told him spitefully. ‘We reckon someone tipped the bast …them off. We never blamed the Guv for one instant.’ Rhyllann bet they had. ‘But old Batesie – threw his toys out the pram.’ 
Rhyllann couldn’t listen to anymore. His socks and trainers were nowhere to be found; barging Rodgers out of his path, he stalked barefooted down a dim corridor, banging through the swing doors at the end. He had another déjà vu moment, the large office he found himself in resembled the hospital, packed with oddly clothed bodies and clamouring voices. The room quietened slowly, heads turned to swivel in his direction all bearing the same look of distaste. Squaring his shoulders, Rhyllann marched forward as though he knew where he was going, only to find his way bared by a stocky uniformed man with thinning grey hair. 
‘Well well well, if it isn’t sleeping ugly.’ He jeered curling his lip, and displaying a row of tombstone teeth. 
Two or three other policemen rose to their feet, a couple more ambled across the room to form a hostile circle around Rhyllann. He glanced back over his shoulder to see Rodgers approaching, and knew he couldn’t expect any help from him. 
‘Excuse me please.’ Rhyllann said taking a step forward. 
The man reached out under the pretence of placing a hand on Rhyllann's shoulder, squeezing painfully. 
‘Excuse you? Excuse you? Why what have you done?’ 
He pushed hard, sending Rhyllann lurching backwards against someone who promptly scraped a booted foot against his exposed ankle. He felt hands shoving him forward and resigned himself to being humiliated. 
‘Superintendent Bates. Thank you. I’ll take it from here.’ 
Crombie’s voice and Crombie’s hand reaching over heads to grab Rhyllann and pull him from the throng. The two men squared up to each other, then Bates showed the tombstone teeth again, startling Rhyllann by clapping his hands and shouting. 
‘Right. You heard the man! Everyone relax – Detective Inspector Crombie of the Metropolitan Police is here to take care of everything!’ 
Hoots of derisive laughter followed and one or two rude hand gestures. Crombie stared them down and the menace dispersed with muttered curses and dirty looks. Rhyllann flinched as a hand clamped his shoulder, but Crombie merely muttered. 
‘Wait here son, I wanna word with Superintendent Bates.’ With that he strode after Bates into his office. Raised voices could be heard but Rhyllann pretended not to listen. Crombie returned carrying a pair of manky looking trainers. Shoving them towards Rhyllann he said. 
‘Right. All squared. Let’s go visit your cousin.’ 
Pulling the trainers onto his feet Rhyllann hopped after him anxious not to be left behind.
 
A vague memory of splashing through a main street to a hospital returned. Although gutters ran from water being swirled from shops offices and houses, and the streets were still wet, normality seemed to be returning. Rhyllann hurried to catch up with Crombie, the oversized trainers and handcuffs making his movements awkward, wondering if perhaps he had been transferred to a different town while he slept. 
‘Detective Crombie Sir, where are we?’ 
Crombie looked at him with suspicion.
‘You being funny son? Cornwall.’ Then he seemed to relent. ‘Sorry son, I forgot. You’ve been through the mill a bit. We’re in Bodmin, Cornwall.’ Seeing Rhyllann still looked confused he added. ‘You’ve been out of it for almost forty-eight hours. The floods happened on Wednesday. Today’s Friday.’ They had reached the hospital by now. Rhyllann let this information sink in. God, no wonder he needed to pee so badly. Crombie continued talking, ticking points off on his fingers. 
‘They’ve managed to clear the main towns, but there’s still no electric, no phones, all the mobile signals are down – no internet of course. Some villagers are still camped out in the town hall and the local school. The local emergency services have been stretched. Tempers have run a bit high.’ Rhyllann guessed that this was a back handed apology for Bates and nodded. Crombie seemed almost friendly towards Rhyllann. Maybe Bates had done him a favour. Crombie had come to his rescue and in doing so had tucked Rhyllann firmly under his wing. For the time being at least
Chapter Twenty-Seven
 
Wren's had been placed in a small private room directly opposite the nurses' station. As Rhyllann eased the door open, Wren turned bloodshot eyes up to him, as though he'd been waiting for his cousin's arrival. 
‘Annie – they pumped my stomach. I’ve had my foot reset.’ He croaked. ‘The pain!’ Then he caught sight of Rhyllann’s shadow and shut his eyes tightly. ‘No.’ He groaned. 
Rhyllann didn’t have to look behind to know Crombie wore that crocodile smile. 
‘Isn’t this cosy.’ Crombie gloated, dragging a chair up to Wren’s beside. 
‘No.’ Wren groaned again. He opened his eyes to stare accusingly at Rhyllann. ‘How did he find us?’ 
Crombie smirked. 
‘He figured if we weren’t dead, we’d wash up at a hospital. He got lucky.’ Rhyllann explained, perching on Wren’s bed. Crombie waggled his fingers, still smirking. 
‘Don’t look at me like that! You’ve had it easy – nice warm dry hospital bed. I spent two nights in a cupboard!’ Rhyllann plucked at the stinking khaki tee-shirt for emphasis. ‘Are you laughing? It isn’t funny!’ But Wren continued to gurgle a strange hiccupping sound. 
‘Sorry Annie – if you could see yourself!’ 
Wren could talk. One of the nurses had combed his hair for him, with his pink cheeks and side parting he looked like a schoolboy from the 1950s.
Crombie coughed. Rhyllann looked at him with suspicion. Was he laughing too?
‘Are you gonna take these cuffs off now?’ he demanded. 
‘No. I’m not letting you out of my sight until we’re back in London.’ 
‘But we could be stuck here days!’ He wailed. Crombie shrugged, his face expressionless: So what? 
‘At least while he’s in the hospital – please Detective Crombie.’ Wren pleaded. ‘Look at him – where’s he gonna run to? He can’t go anywhere.’ 
’Please?’ They chorused. 
Crombie relented. ‘Alright. But you move five inches away from me, and they’re straight back on and they don’t come off.’ 
Rhyllann massaged his wrists as Crombie brought Wren up to date. 
‘I’ve contacted Scotland Yard, reported you safe and well. You’re being put into a witness protection scheme.’ Wren gasped and clutched at Rhyllann. ‘Sorry boys. Interpol identified the men chasing you. You were right.’ He nodded towards Wren. ‘They’re part of a sect calling themselves The Brotherhood.' He gave a dry laugh and continued: 'They reckon they're part of the Knights Templar or some such blarney. They think if they take over the Holy Land, they’ll act as guardians – like the Vatican’s Swiss Army – bringing peace to the Middle East. It seems to make peace they need to make war and that costs money. They came across a hoard of manuscripts, packed them off to Mike Stern for translation. Old man Stern must have let slip that you’d found something of interest in one of those books … ‘ 
Wren grinned at that. ‘Boasted. He was boasting about me.’ He blinked rapidly.
‘Son – if its any consolation, the old man had a dodgy heart. Angina.’ Wren shook his head to say no, but Rhyllann felt grateful to Crombie for trying. 
‘They’re being transferred from Bodmin Jail to a max security prison, awaiting trail. They won’t get bail. Three other EU countries have put in for their extradition. A Middle East delegation are demanding to be present at their interviews.’ Crombie finished. ‘Any questions?’
Rhyllann licked his lips. ‘Are we in … are we in any trouble?’ He faltered under Crombie’s stare.
‘I think you mean “how much trouble are we in”?’ He said sharply. Then seemed to relent. ‘You’re both minors.’ Crombie shrugged. ‘You can hardly be blamed for your parents’ deserting you.’
‘What! My mum’s …’ Rhyllann felt Wren nudge him, and fell silent, still simmering.
 ‘Detective Crombie? What happened to our box?’ Wren changed the subject quickly. 
Reaching for his jacket, Crombie rummaged inside the large poacher’s pocket, without taking his eyes from Rhyllann. Wren propped himself upright, and took the box from Crombie’s hands. He caressed it lovingly. Rhyllann wanted to snatch it from him, and dash it to the ground. 
‘I can’t believe we went through hell for that bloody thing.’ He blurted. 
Crombie looked astonished. ‘You mean that’s it – that’s the treasure?’ He barked a laugh. ‘Unbelievable.’ He peered closer. ‘Is there anything inside?’ 
Rhyllann shook his head with disgust. ‘Nothing. I lie. A key. The key is inside the box.’ He shrugged. 
Wren continued to stroke the box. Rhyllann decided he would never understand his cousin. He looked like the cat that had swallowed the cream. He withdrew the key from the box, eyes sparkling now with mischief. 
‘That’s your trouble Annie. You need to think outside the box.’ Inserting the key into the lock, Wren gave a quarter turn anti-clockwise. A soft click sounded, mesmerising Rhyllann. Wren moved his hands along the edges, pressing them firmly upwards, and with an origami style twist of his hands, the box sides collapsed into themselves, making a flat two dimensional shape. 
‘Oooh!’ Rhyllann breathed, peering closer.
As the sides merged, the random patterns morphed into a plaque. A fierce-some dragon sat on its haunches snarling, one raptor like paw outstretched menacingly, the other clutched a sword against its chest. Surrounding it, smaller dragons fought amongst theirselves.
‘Neat!’ He and Crombie said together. Wren tilted his head modestly. ‘That’s it then! No treasure map?’ Though clearly symbolic, the images gave nothing away. Rhyllann tried to keep the disappointment from his voice, Wren looked so pleased with his new toy. 
With a jerk towards Crombie, Wren spoke rapidly in Welsh: 
‘Do you trust him?’ 
Rhyllann eyed Crombie, then Wren. 
‘Do you?’ He asked. They nodded gravely at each other. 
Crombie was a major pain in the arse, but one of the good guys. The key now sat in the centre of the collapsed box. Wren laid his palm on the key, lowering it down past the first shank, until just the top half of the ring remained. The strange metal fringe slotted into precision cut holes. With a gentle pressure, Wren revolved the key clockwise a complete circuit, again an ancient mechanism whirled. Rhyllann watched open mouthed as the dragons swirled away in a starfish shape, to be hidden by a new image rising to arrange itself magically in their place. 
A coat of arms – A bird in flight holding a green twig – A castle – 
Rhyllann raised his hands to his mouth prayer like. ‘Oh My God!’ 
Wren’s face shone as he explained: 
’Tintagel castle – look – she’s showing us Tintagel castle – The bird flying west – a swan Siwan – Welsh for Joan – holding a sprig of Plantagenet. See ‘em? Flying over a convent – see the sisterhood? Nuns. There’s a convent close to Tintagel castle Annie – we have to find it! Find it and we’ve found the treasure. See the anchor – see it! She’s telling us. Find the anchorite cell – and the treasure is there! Understand?’ 
’Jesus – slow down – speak slower!’
’Speak English please!’ 
Wren had been gabbling in Welsh, with the odd English word thrown in. 
‘Sorry – I got excited!’ He plucked at Crombie’s sleeve – ‘We’ve found the treasure! Tintagel’s only twenty minutes up the coast.’
‘Don’t you see Annie – that business about Llwellynn banishing her and then forgiving her – a smoke screen.’
Rhyllann saw. A country on the brink of civil war, a woman torn between loyalty to her father and her husband; the Prince of Wales. And a king’s ransom in treasure. 
‘A convent Detective Crombie – we need to find a convent close to Tintagel.’ Rhyllann explained. 
Crombie thought for a moment. ‘I know there’s a monastery, in very good nick – we’ve been there on holiday.' Adding: 'Well not staying at the monastery – but we visited.’ 
Rhyllann sprung off the bed, tugging at Crombie’s arm. ‘Come on! Come on! If we go now – it’ll be deserted!’ 
He looked up in surprise, Crombie hadn’t moved. ‘Come on! Wren’ll have to stay here.’
‘What!’ Wren thumped the bedclothes.
‘Well you can’t come in that state.’ Rhyllann said carelessly. ‘Come on Crombie – what are you waiting for?’ 
Crombie laughed outloud. ‘Look around you son. The whole area’s flooded – the roads are impassable. Anyhow – if you think for one moment I’m going off on some wild goose chase over the cliff tops with you – think again! Not so bloody likely! I’m putting you on the next train out of here!’ 
Rhyllann blinked, bewildered. ‘But … you heard what he said!’
Crombie settled back into his chair, folding his arms. ‘And you heard what I said.’
Rhyllann tried again. ‘Detective Crombie, think carefully. This isn’t something that will ever happen again. You will never have a chance like this. I understand that you put your job on the line for us. We’ll share it. Split it three ways. We’re talking millions. You must love your work, you’re so good at it. But you could start up on your own – specialise in what you want to do – start your own detective agency – anywhere!’ He said earnestly. He risked a hand on Crombie’s shoulder. 
 ‘Come on what do you say – Derek? Del boy?’ 
Crombie shrugged his hand off. ‘Detective Inspector Crombie to you sonny!’
‘Tigger.’ Wren spoke dreamily. 
‘What?’ Crombie looked at him sharply, blood rushing to his face. 
‘Tigger – he calls you Tigger. I bet you were always bouncing around. Missing presumed dead. Only you know he isn’t dead. He’s your brother. If he were dead, something inside you would die.’ He rested a hand against Crombie’s chest. 
Crombie turned even redder, he grabbed at Wren’s hand, trying to push it away. Wren clung on, gripping Crombie’s hand tightly. 
‘I’m sorry, I couldn’t help it. He flooded into your mind. You were thinking about how you could use that money to find him – bring him home. I’m sorry.’ 
Derek Crombie spoke through clenched teeth, dragging his hand away. ‘You don’t know what you’re talking about.’
The look on Wren’s face was merciless. ‘Yes I do. I know exactly what I’m talking about. So do you. Did he tell you he’d found religion? Did he? Did he tell you he’d found a new cause to fight for?’ His eyes searched Crombie’s; and seemed to find the answers to his questions. Wren's voice softened: 
‘And in one of those letters home he told you didn’t he? Told you not to worry, not to be alarmed no matter what you heard.’
Crombie grew very still, the bright red colour draining from him; leaving his face a yellowish white; his eyes bulged and his hands flexed as though he longed to wrap them round Wren’s throat. 
‘Crombie! Crombie – don’t listen to him! He isn’t well – he does this sometimes – makes up stories – invents things … Brawd you apologise now!’ Rhyllann babbled, an unknown terror clutching at his insides. But it was Crombie who apologised. 
He wiped a hand over his face, shaking his head as though to clear it. 
‘I’m sorry. Sorry. I don’t know what came over me.’ An uneasy silence followed. Rhyllann glanced at Wren, opened his mouth to speak. Wren shook his head without taking his eyes from the detective. Who sat brooding. Rhyllann’s eyelids began to sag with boredom. Without warning Crombie jumped to his feet, grabbing his jacket and Rhyllann’s upper arm. ‘Come on!’ Rhyllann dragged back feeling panicky – he wouldn’t go into that cupboard again!
‘You’ve got a train to catch. Say goodbye.’ Crombie replaced the handcuffs as he spoke, using unnecessary force. 
‘We’re going back to London. I wanna get you two both securely into witness protection. Starting with you.’
‘What about him?’ Rhyllann asked, indicating Wren, who seemed preoccupied in reconstructing the box before carefully replacing the key. Like a child ignoring the arguments of grown ups. As though realising he was under discussion, his head raised, and there was nothing child like about the calculating blue eyes. In fact Wren surveyed them both as though they were the children. 
‘I’ll deal with him later. He’ll be safe enough until we can move him. I booked him in under a false name.’
‘Aren’t you gonna put a guard at the door or something? Is this your idea of witness protection?’ Rhyllann fumed. 
Wren’s clear voice cut through the bickering. 
‘Detective Crombie? You know this area. You know who built Tintagel Castle?’ Crombie shot him an exasperated look, then swivelled on his heel tugging Rhyllann along in his wake before Wren could spout any more nonsense. 
 
Crombie marched him out the hospital, flood waters swirling around his ankles, Rhyllann’s borrowed trainers saturated and squelched as they splashed forward. 
‘Crombie!’
‘He’s safe in that hospital. I told you we’ve got them in maximum security.’ Crombie smiled. ‘They won’t get away this time. It’s only when the trial starts that you have to worry.’ 
‘Thanks.’ A thought occurred to Rhyllann, he stopped dead.
‘A cult. Detective Crombie. They’ve got people everywhere. One of your men! Crombie! I swear – I can prove it – listen to me.’ He gabbled as Crombie dragged him forwards. ‘You found an envelope – but you couldn’t find the book. At Green’s. You were sure there was a book or wallet – you could smell leather – but you couldn’t find it.’ 
Crombie stopped dead, thrusting his face into Rhyllann's. ‘How do you know? How could you know that?’ he snarled. 
‘We were in the crawl space. The ceiling. We hid behind the water tank. Rodgers didn’t spot us. We heard everything. How else d’you think Wren knew about your brother?’ Giving Crombie an incredulous look, he continued. ‘You don’t really think he’s physic do you? He worked it out. You said yourself – he’s got a wild imagination. Please Mr - Detective Crombie. Detective Inspector Crombie Sir. We forgot the book, we left it in the photocopier. We waited for you to leave. When we came out – it had gone. One of your men must have picked it up.’ Rhyllann paused to swallow. ‘Then that day – remember – you nearly caught us. We got to Taffy’s Folly too late. But they were digging in the wrong place. Wren made the same mistake – mistook noon for Nones. But they knew somehow that we’d found the right place – dug up a chest … oww leggo!’ He shouted.
Crombie shook him hard, his face a mask of rage. ‘Are you trying to tell me that one of mine is bent? One of my own men?’
Screwing up his eyes, Rhyllann nodded miserably. 
Crombie’s grasp on his arms relaxed. ‘Winding me up. You’re trying to wind me up, aren’t you son? Just like your cousin in there …’ He stopped, clamping his mouth firmly shut against that memory. ‘Either you’re lying, there was no book, or you just didn’t look properly. Yeah, that’s it. When we get back to London, we’ll go through those offices again. We’ll find it.’ 
Crombie ushered him up the steps to the police station as he spoke, past sand bags and through to the main office. Rhyllann braced for another round of filthy looks and muttered comments. Raising his chin he prepared to brazen it out. 
But he had a reprieve. Earlier the place throbbed with activity. Now a couple of uniforms wandered around while a solitary probationer manned the desk. 
Crombie grunted. ‘Looks like the fan club’s gone for lunch!’
Without answering Rhyllann slumped into a chair, Crombie flumped down in the seat nearby. After hanging his jacket on the floor, Crombie leafed through a couple of files laying on the canteen table come desk in front of them. Without looking at Rhyllann he said ‘Sorry son – you’ve had a pretty rough ride.’ 
Rhyllann kicked at a chair leg. ‘Yeah well – bought it on my own head I suppose.’ 
Crombie raised his head to stare at him, then returned to perusing his files. Rhyllann edged one over, bored rather than curious. It held a dozen loose print outs. The first page had a heading in bold: 
The Royal Inventory audited 1215 –1216 by command of King John.’
Then underneath a sub-title: The Rolls as instituted by John, King of England, Ireland, and Wales. Duke of Normandy.
Rhyllann flicked over to the second page. Headed: 
“Imperial Regalia inherited from Matilda, Empress of Germany, Queen of England, Ireland and Wales, Duchess of Normandy etc.”
There followed a list of valuables, jewellery, religious artefacts, gold and silver plate. Rhyllann scanned down. It read like a catalogue from a fine art dealer and ran for almost two pages. The fourth page was similar, but entitled 
Inherited from Henry II King of England, Ireland and Wales, Duke of Normandy etc.
Though not so impressive, there were still fifty items. 
Feeling light headed now, Rhyllann turned to page six. This was a shorter list, inherited from John’s Mother, Eleanor of Aquitaine. Queen of England Ireland and Wales, Duchess of Normandy. Page seven detailed items inherited from Richard, John's brother. At the very top of the list was the word “Excalibur.” With a sharp intake of breath Rhyllann devoured the description. Approximately a yard long fashioned of silver metal with engraved dragons. A gouge along the blade adorned with mystic writing. Rhyllann flicked over the following pages; John’s own collection, his wife’s and various other “artefacts”. 
The last page was much shorter. It was an inventory dated 1218. The treasures and valuables owned by Henry III, John’s heir. The paltry items described were mainly inherited from his mother. 
Several exclamation and question marks had been scrawled in felt tip at the bottom of the page. Beside him, Crombie fidgeted, shooting back his sleeve to check his wristwatch for the time. Rhyllann flicked back to the first page, noting the date. Then to the last page. Between 1216 and 1218 the royal inventory had dwindled from almost eleven pages of single type single line descriptions of valuable items to an single sheet of paper. Leaning back in his chair, Rhyllann’s hands crept up to his mouth, and he found himself chewing on a knuckle. 
Crombie reached over, slapping the file shut, then pulling Rhyllann’s hand down by the metal cuffs. Rhyllann grabbed Crombie's arm – gibbering with excitement: 
‘It’s true. It’s all true. Wren was right! – all this time!’ Rhyllann had only half believed they might find a chest containing treasure. According to this list, it would more likely be an Aladdin’s Cave. 
Crombie shook him off. ‘Leave it son. So we found this list at the Farmhouse.’ He jerked his head towards a computer terminal. ‘I could print you off a dozen – better than that – Holy Grail an’ all! It doesn’t prove a thing. You’re saying that a thousand year old hoard of treasure is still lying around waiting to be found.’ Cue crocodile smile. ‘If you believe that – you’re just as crazy as those Brotherhoods or whatever they call themselves this week.’ 
An urgent buzzing noise came from the floor. Snatching up his jacket Crombie searched through several pockets before withdrawing a police radio. 
‘What? Yes Christine we’re still here. Keep it short. I’m nearly out of battery.’ 
Still sulking, Rhyllann tuned out, flinching in surprise when Crombie thrust the radio at him. ‘She wants a word.’ 
‘Hello? Hello?’ Rhyllann said, holding the radio awkwardly to his ear with both hands. Crombie snatched the radio back and flicked it over to loud speak. 
‘Rhyllann – WPC Christine Hewes. Are you still at Bodmin Police Station with Detective Crombie?’ It sounded as though she was speaking from a cave. Feeling puzzled Rhyllann replied. 
‘Hello. Yes. I’m still in Bodmin police station.’ He raised his voice slightly. 
‘Good. So you haven’t left the police station yet?’ There was nothing good about it. Crombie simmered by his side, Rhyllann didn’t want to leave Bodmin, but certainly didn’t want to face Bates and his men again. 
‘No. Me and Detective Crombie are still at the police station, I think we’re waiting for Superintendent Bates.’ He replied, wondering where this was going. 
‘I just wanted to say goodbye before you left.’ 
He’d misjudged that woman. She really did have a heart. 
‘Thank you – you’ve been very kind.’ 
‘Well; hope you have a good trip.’ 
Rhyllann looked at Crombie, thinking this conversation had gotten a bit unreal. 
‘Thank you Christine. Your concern’s been noted.’ Crombie huffed, reaching over to switch the radio off. Before he could do so another voice rang out. 
‘Bye Annie. Take care.’ 
He really had misjudged WPC Hewes. She was at the hospital, trying to reassure Wren. No wonder her voice sounded echoey. He even smiled at Crombie thinking cops weren’t so bad after all. 
Re-pocketing the radio, Crombie breathed out a word that sounded suspiciously like ‘Women!’ adding in a louder voice ‘Kids!’ 
Crombie checked his watch again muttering ‘Where the bloody hell’s Bates?’ Frowning around the deserted offices. The lights dimmed as the generator cut back to a lower whine. Crombie’s frown deepened. He got to his feet, dragging Rhyllann with him. 
‘But Detective Crombie – what if you’re wrong – you heard my cousin. Isn’t it worth checking – it won’t take long …’ Crombie ignored his pleading, banging open the door to reception. 
‘You there!’ He addressed the probationer – ‘Any word from Superintendent Bates?’ 
The young constable flushed. ‘Sir. No Sir. Sorry Sir. He must be in his meeting by now with the other emergency services.’ 
Crombie cupped an ear. ‘Say again.’ 
The youngster swallowed hard. ‘Sir. After the train station, Superintendent Bates told everybody – that is – everyone from Bodmin station to meet at the Civic Centre. That’s the other side of town Sir.’ 
Crombie spoke slowly, fixing the squirming uniform with his beadiest look. 
‘Son. Take it again. From the top. Pretend I’ve just arrived from outer space. Now then. Go.’ 
Rhyllann had been inventing different ways to kill Crombie. Now his ears pricked up. Something had gone wrong. Very wrong. 
‘Sir. Superintendent Bates was told not to wait for you, but collect the prisoners from Bodmin Jail.’ The young probationer faltered under Crombie’s stare. ‘Sir. Superintendent Bates wasn’t very happy Sir. It meant pulling two of ours off duty.’
Crombie raised an eyebrow. 
‘Apparently you told one of your officers to check out Folly’s Farmhouse again Sir. Your orders Sir.’ 
Crombie kept his temper. ‘I see. So Superintendent Bates bought this nonsense. He really believed I okay'd just two of my officers to guard those lunatics all the way into London?’ His voice rose. ‘While I sit here twiddling my thumbs with this – this scallywag?’ Rhyllann watched the trainee policeman’s Adam’s apple bob up and down, careful to keep the smile off his own face.
‘Sir. He did think it unusual. That’s why he pulled PC Thompson and …’ 
He flinched as Crombie’s fist rammed against the desk. 
‘Unusual! I’d have to be a bloody loony myself! Why the hell didn’t he check with me?’ 
Rhyllann almost felt sorry for the young copper. 
‘Don’t tell me we’ve missed our train.’ He said. Raising his eyebrows and putting his tongue in his cheek. Uh-oh. Had he gone too far? Crombie’s fist clenched. Speaking through gritted teeth he asked. 
‘What time does the train leave?’
‘Sir. I don’t know Sir. They’re using the tourist steam train, Sir. It's old and slow but working. If you run Sir, you might catch it!’
‘Run! Run! It would be quicker to swim!’ 
A gurgled laugh escaped Rhyllann.
Banging his fist on the table Crombie shouted ‘Get on the blower! Tell them to hold that train!’ 
‘Sir!’ The PC seized a handset, then replaced it. ‘I’m sorry Sir. All phones are down. I don’t know their radio frequency, or even if they’ve got radios.’ He gibbered.
Crombie rubbed his face. Rhyllann smirked. 
‘Have your “men” been telling porkies?’ He asked.
‘Don’t be stupid. A simple misunderstanding.’ To the PC he said ‘Sorry I shouted at you son.’ 
 
The entrance door swung open to admit a burly ruddy faced man with stripes on his rolled uniform sleeves. 
‘Now then Charlie. Where is everyone?’ Looking Crombie up and down he immediately assessed his rank in spite of Crombie's hobo clothes. 
‘Afternoon Sir.’
The young policeman breathed a loud sigh. ‘Detective Inspector Crombie – this is Sergeant Holden. Jeff – didn’t you get the Super’s message?’
Jeff shook Crombie’s hand as he replied, looking sheepish for some reason. ‘No my ‘andsome. The jeep radio’s proper buggered.’
Crombie grasped Holden's arm. ‘Jeep – you’ve got a jeep?’ 
Rhyllann groaned out loud. Just his luck.
Chapter Twenty-Eight
 
Bodmin Parkway station was eight miles out of town. In spite of some inspired driving, splashing through fords and passing abandoned vehicles, they saw the train steaming out as they entered the station car park. 
‘Jesus!’ Telling Holden to wait, Crombie ran onto the platform, Rhyllann skittering behind him. 
‘Hey you!’ he called to a guard ‘Stop that train – I need to board!’ 
The guard surveyed him insolently, hands in pockets. ‘Well now, perhaps you should leave home earlier. I can’t call the train back even for you, can I now, me ‘andsome?’ He winked at Rhyllann, not realising the storm he was about to reap. 
 
Five minutes later they were all in the quaint Victorian cottage which served as the station master’s office. 
‘I’m sorry Sir. We cannot halt the train. We are running an emergency schedule. That train will not stop until it reaches Plymouth.’ The station master was around Rhyllann's height, and almost as skinny as Wren. In his dull blue suit, he couldn't look less like the "Fat Controller" but he had a measured authoritive air about him.
Crombie sagged, admitting defeat. ‘Okay, thank you. And the next train is?’
‘Well you see Sir – all signals are down between here and Plymouth. We’ve just got the two old steam trains in operation. Lucky to have them really Sir. We’re operating under extreme safety measures, we can’t take any chances.’ Adding ‘Do you understand Sir? The line is single track in places.’ 
Both Rhyllann and Crombie understood immediately. 
‘Can you hold the train at Plymouth?’ Crombie sounded hopeful.
The station master looked at him, something akin to pity on his face. 
‘Sir – Bodmin Moor is impassable in places. Even if we could get a message through it’ll take hours to drive there. You might as well wait for the next train.’
‘You can’t contact the driver?’ Crombie pleaded. 
Rhyllann sighed. This was pathetic. ‘Give it up Crombie. We’ll catch the next train.’ 
The station master brightened. ‘Your son’s right – go home – get a good night’s rest.’ 
Rhyllann ducked his head, waiting for the explosion. 
‘My son? My son? Do you think I’d drag my son around the country in handcuffs? When’s the next train out of this bloody place?’
‘Eleven o’clock tomorrow Sir. We’ll make sure it waits. I’m sure we don’t want you to remain a moment longer than you have to.’ 
Rhyllann admired the little man’s composure, especially when Crombie flashed the guy a look that would have stunned a lesser man. 
Muttering under his breath Crombie splashed back to the land rover. Holden seemed to deflate as he approached. 
‘Sir. Sorry Sir.’
Crombie climbed into the rear seat next to Rhyllann. ‘Where to now Sir?’
‘Quiet. I’m thinking. You know what your superior officer is Jeff?’
‘Superintendent Bates Sir?’
‘Superintendent Bates Jeff. He’s a prick!’
Holden smirked. ‘That’s of ‘im Sir.’
Rhyllann started to ask what would happen next, but decided to wait until told. They waited in silence for Crombie to stop sulking. Hissing like a steam train himself, Crombie began fumbling through his pockets. Pulling out a key, he unlocked the cuffs. ‘You know the drill. Wander five inches away …’
‘Yeah yeah yeah.’ Said Rhyllann rubbing at his wrists. Holden caught his eye in the rear view mirror and winked. 
‘Been a naughty boy have you?’
Beside Rhyllann, Crombie straightened. ‘Don’t you know who this is Sergeant Holden? May I introduce you to the one and only Rhyllann Jones.’ He said with a flourish. 
Sarky bastard thought Rhyllann. 
Holden swung round. ‘Rhyllann Jones?’
‘The Rhyllann Jones.’ Crombie corrected.
Holden seemed used to sarcastic superiors. ‘Why didn’t you say? Gotta note for you!’ He passed an envelope over. Rhyllann took it feeling Crombie’s eyes on him. 
‘Thanks. I’ll open it later.’
‘You’ll open it now.’ Crombie growled. So Rhyllann did, aware of Crombie’s bulk as he leaned over to read the note with him.
 
“ Rhy. 
I cannot right in Welsh. The police guard have promised you will get this. They have promised you will not board that train.
You were write not to trust xxxxxx Crombie. The LIAR. 
You were right. I shouldn’t trust everybody.
W.”
 
Crombie frowned. ‘Thought your cousin was meant to be the smart one. Terrible spelling.’ He didn’t say anything about being called a liar. 
Rhyllann studied the note again, this made no sense. Wren had managed to get the word right wrong in two places. Not wrong but …
‘He’s mixed up the word right twice.’ Crombie mused. And he’d called him "Rhy", knowing how much Rhyllann hated that.
Suddenly the air seemed too thick to breath. Police. Wren said police. 
And someone in Crombie’s team had given Superintendent Bates false orders, and gone back to Bodmin Moor. Where the Brotherhood were holed up. Where the train would pass. Wren had written Guard. Beneath him, the jeep seemed to tilt and Rhyllann clutched at Crombie. 
‘Detective Crombie – why would anyone tell Bates to go on without you?’ He stuttered. ‘Wh… Wh… Why would they do that?’ 
‘Holden! Tell us exactly what happened.’ To Rhyllann Crombie said. ‘Steady son, I’m sure there’s a simple explanation.’ 
Holden scratched his head, and spoke slowly, as if humouring them. ‘Well – I pulled up at the station – thinking strange – not a lot of activity – just about to walk inside – this woman rushes up to me, she had a blond kid with her, funny looking little – anyway ... “Sergeant,” she says – “will you give this to Rhyllann Jones? Only I promised his cousin.”’ He shrugged. ‘Course I said yes. That was that.’ He frowned. ‘No wait. The kid spoke. He asked what time the train left.’ Holden flushed. ‘Well – thing is the wife wanted to visit her sister in Plymouth. I dropped her off like, with minutes to spare. I told him like, sorry lad – I’ve just come from the station – you’ve missed the train.’ 
‘You twat Crombie – I warned you – I told you – “Oh no – not one of mine!”’ Rhyllann exploded, slapping at Crombie. Crombie pinned his arms down. 
‘Stop it! Stop it now! You need to calm down. What does that note mean?’
‘It means they’ve got my cousin!!!’ Rhyllann lunged trying to dislodge Crombie’s grip. Crombie only shook him harder. 
‘Stop this. Think! Wren insisted you get that note. Assume you’re right. He’s being made to go somewhere against his will. Put yourself in Wren’s shoes.’
Part of Rhyllann marvelled how Crombie remain so calm over the important things and get so sweaty with the small stuff. Another registered Holden’s rapt face. But then he concentrated on being Wren. Being smaller and weaker. Being picked on by everyone. He imagined his foot hurting, his stomach raw, laying in hospital… and then – and then … Rhyllann froze with horror as he remembered WPC Hewes making certain Rhyllann was still at Bodmin Police station with Crombie. 
‘Hewes! Sergeant Holden said a woman – and she called from the hospital!’ This made no sense. 
‘Why would she wanna drag your cousin out of hospital?’ Crombie’s brow wrinkled, above eyes that were granite. ‘She told Bates to go on without us … then called to wish you a good trip … knowing damn well you’d missed the train. What the hell’s she playing at?’
‘She’s got Wren. She’s got the box. Wren wouldn’t go with her. Wren always knew. He knew one of your lot was a traitor. Why would he go with her? She’s working with those madmen. And Stern. He hates him.’ Rhyllann heard his own voice getting louder and louder and shut his mouth firmly, his eyes mutely begging Crombie for an explanation. 
‘Wren wouldn’t go with her until she called you.’ He nudged Holden. ‘Think man. Anything unusual?’
‘Well … the kid was wearing a dressing gown – but.’ He shrugged thinking back. Suddenly he sat up straight, his face draining of colour. 
‘There was something. Something very strange. The kid looked at the woman and said “That man’s wife is on the train.” But she just shrugged and hustled him away.’ He stared at Crombie then Rhyllann. In a tone of bewilderment he asked. 
‘How did he know that?’ Holden spread his hands uncertainly. ‘How could he possibly know?’
Because Wren had a wild imagination and probably made up a whole background story for Holden just to amuse himself. Crombie tapped the note Rhyllann still clutched. 
‘Read it again son. It’s all we’ve got. What’s he trying to tell you?’
Dipping his head, Rhyllann read it again, one line at a time. Trying to think like Wren. 
 
I cannot right in Welsh. But he could. Wren meant he wasn’t allowed. 
The Police guard. Watched while he wrote?
Have promised you will get this. And I’m not moving until they do.
They have promised you will not board that train. Why was that important? Rhyllann couldn’t think. He’d come back to that. He read on. 
You were write not to trust xxxxxx Crombie. Wrong spelling, and they agreed Crombie could be trusted. Making two wrongs. Or two negatives.
The LIAR. Why the capitals? Wren didn’t think Crombie was a liar. Why emphasise that word?
You were right. Right about what?
I shouldn’t trust everybody. Wren trusted no-one. Apart from him and Crombie.
Rhyllann realised he’d been writing in thin air while thinking and Crombie watched him like a hawk. Probably worried he was about to start fitting. 
‘Code! He’s writing in code! – Don’t you see – You were there – When he showed us the box – you remember – no you wouldn’t… he spoke in Welsh.’
‘Whoa – slow down son. He’s sent you a message – a coded message?’ Rhyllann shook Crombie’s shoulders. 
‘Yes! That’s exactly it! All this chat about trust. One time I asked him if he trusted anyone. Wren said only me. Then this morning – Wren asked if I trusted you. I said yes – that’s when he showed us that box thing!’
‘So he’s trying to get you to read between the lines?’ Crombie asked. 
‘Or think outside the box!’ Rhyllann shouted. ‘Where’s that envelope?’ Grabbing it he peeled it open, smoothing over the creases to flatten it.
‘Crombie – look – where he’s crossed out your name.’ 
Wren had written with the envelope under the paper. On paper, he had written the word Crombie heavily, but scored through with a pen lightly. And the first “Crombie” the one he had crossed out – wasn’t “Crombie” at all. There embedded on the envelope was the original word. “Bomb.” Rhyllann tilted the envelope this way and that, trying to see if any other word had been similarly transferred. The word “LIAR” had been scrawled large, with a transposed “R”, a mistake a child might make, but apart from that nothing. Nothing until Rhyllann tried to read the word upside down, then from right to left. He began sucking at air. 
‘Bomb. Rail. There’s a bomb on the rail. Wren wouldn’t leave with her. So she blackmailed him. Told him about the bomb. But he wasn't allowed to tell me that, because she knew I'd warn you. That’s why we had to miss the train.’ He faced Crombie. ‘They’re gonna blow it up!’ He shouted. Crombie stared at him. ‘Don’t you see – he’s trying to tell us!’
Crombie exchanged a glance with Sergeant Holden. 
‘Son – slow down – are you sure – why? I mean why would anyone want to blow up the train in the first place – then allow your cousin to warn you?’ 
Rhyllann wanted to believe Crombie. A bright yellow fluorescent triangle flashed into his mind as he traced round a cluster of words:
Train. Crombie. The LIAR. Pointing to each he said. 
‘Train. Bomb. The rail.’ Rhyllann glared at Crombie, daring him to contradict. 
‘Rodgers. PC Rodgers. He bragged how the men you captured were ready to talk. Give evidence.’ Rhyllann understood exactly what had happened. ‘They plan to stop that train. They’ve got two massive trunks full of explosives! I saw them! Then Hewes, I told her – I told her Wren had the key. Getting to him became priority.’ 
Rhyllann had stepped into the mind of a madman and it made perfect sense. 
‘They’ve shown proof to Wren – convinced him to co-operate – provided he was allowed to warn me not to board the train. Someone watched while he wrote this. He couldn’t warn about the bomb.’ 
Crombie stared at Rhyllann as though he’d grown two heads. ‘But that’s absurd – it’s just …only a madman would …’ his voice trailed off. 
‘Sir. Sir. My wife is on that train.’ Holden’s ruddy face looked stricken.
 
Crombie flew out the jeep, Holden at his heels. Rhyllann waited for the trembling to stop before following.
They were all in the station master’s office again. They’d interrupted lunch. 
‘Sir for the last time, I’m telling you – I cannot stop the train.’
Crombie racked his fingers through his hair; casting a despairing glance at Holden. 
‘Detective Inspector Crombie has received information that the train or the tracks may have been sabotaged.’ Holden’s voice revealed none of his personal torment.
‘Very convenient.’ The guard sneered, from his chair in the corner. 
Crombie pounded the table. ‘I’m not playing games! We’ve had a coded message. We can’t be sure of the details. For god sake’s man – believe me.’
‘No need to blaspheme.’ Crombie’s béte noire warned, biting off another mouthful of sandwich.
‘Get a map. Quickly. You shut up. You’re not helping.’
The station master scurried to obey Crombie. With a map spread over the table he silently traced the train’s route for them.
‘Think man think! Is there anyway of stopping that train?’ 
The station master’s frightened face confirmed that he believed now. ‘I’m sorry Sir.’ 
‘Not unless you grow wings!’ The guard jeered through a mouthful of bread.
He cringed as Crombie covered the space between them in three paces and yanked him to his feet. ‘What did you say? What did you say?’
‘Not unless you grow wings and fly!’ 
Letting go abruptly, Crombie lunged back towards Rhyllann, grabbing his upper arm. ‘Come on!’ Catching Crombie’s urgency, they pounded back to the land rover, Holden puffing alongside them, vaulting over the jeep's bonnet and starting the engine as Crombie and Rhyllann flung themselves into the bench seat. 
‘Where to Sir?’
With a glance at Rhyllann Crombie asked ‘Is there a flying school or airport round here?’
‘Only RAF Mawgan, then Newquay airport.’ 
Crombie closed his eyes tightly. ‘Damn. Can you contact them …’ his voice trailed away as Holden shook his head. 
‘It’s gonna take at least an hour to get there Sir.’
 
Rhyllann realised both he and Holden were staring at Crombie, waiting for him to pull something from the hat. Somehow he’d begun to rely on Crombie for answers. As if rewarding his faith, Crombie said. 
‘What about light aircraft? Does anyone have a private plane?’ 
Holden thought for a moment, mentally running through his contacts. A ghost of smile appeared. 
‘Funny you should ask that Sir. Willy Treraven’s just acquired a plane.’ Holden gunned the engine as he spoke, pulling out the carpark in the opposite direction of town. ‘’Bout five minutes away.’ As Holden expertly negotiated rain soaked lanes which seemed suited only for one way traffic, Crombie questioned Rhyllann closely about the trunks and more importantly the warning stickers on the trunk’s sides. Rhyllann described them as fully as he could, Crombie smiled grimly.
'Sounds like the new generation of explosives. One consolation, they’re pretty stable, not like some of those home made devices.’ 
They were hammering up a lane leading to a muddy farmyard. Holden let out a whoop of joy and pounded the jeep’s horn long and hard.
‘Landed in one of Willy's fields it did. Scattered his herd of prize cattle. Reckons the buggers have got to come back for it, and when they do – he’ll be waiting!’ He pointed to an Apache light plane nestled beside a row of tractors and farm implements. Rhyllann slunk deeper into his seat, feeling eyes on him.
‘Please no. Tell me it wasn’t you. Or rather don’t tell me anything.’ Crombie muttered. 
Rhyllann couldn’t help himself. ‘Prize herd my arse! Some of them had three legs.’ 
 
Keeping his head well down, Rhyllann scuttled from the jeep into the plane, leaving Crombie and Holden to do the explaining. Running his hands over the controls, flicking fuel pumps on, Rhyllann cast around for his headings while priming the engine. Leaving Holden arguing with a vaguely familiar shape, Crombie strode towards the plane, calling back over his shoulder. 
‘Look – any complaints take them up with Superintendent Bates.’ He nodded at Rhyllann. ‘Off we go son.’ 
It felt surreal. Two hefty policemen encouraging him to hi-jack a plane. Once again Rhyllann pushed all qualms to one side and taxi-ed the plane round the yard into a newly shorn field, the wings whispering over hedge tops, grinning at Holden who'd rushed to open the gate. Crombie leaned out to issue last minute instructions. 
 
Circling round the newly cropped field to begin takeoff, checking headings, taking wind direction from the black and white Kernow flag flying from the farm house Rhyllann increased speed, praying. 
Beside him Crombie clicked the radio back and forth – ‘Mayday Mayday Mayday. This is Detective Inspector Crombie of the Met Police – can anyone hear me? Come in please.’ Then being Crombie he tried again on a different frequency; only the vibrating rumble of the Apache’s engines answered. Rhyllann’s stomach muscles tightened. The fate of unknown souls rested on him and Crombie. He pushed that thought away. Thinking got you into trouble. Straightening his back, squaring his shoulders he focused entirely on defying gravity. With all the confidence of a seasoned pilot, he reassured Crombie. 
‘Crombie it's you and me. Trust! I’m gonna get us in front of that train.’ The plane bucked and skipped, then he felt Crombie’s bulk relax as they were airborne. An ominous sound clanked from the undercarriage. Crombie peered over. 
‘What … Hell – there’s a bloody great chain down there.’ That explained how Willy had got the plane back to his farm. Rhyllann grinned thinking lucky the tractor wasn’t still attached. 
‘Where is it? In front or behind?’ Rhyllann wanted to know, hoping it wouldn’t interfere with his landing. 
‘Streaming behind son. Kind of a loop about – oh I dunno at least eight feet.’ Rhyllann mentally envisaged it.
‘Shouldn’t be a problem.’ He said thinking all the problems in the world could be solved by soaring above them like this. 
Engaging the throttle fully, dipping wildly to one side, Rhyllann watched trees blot out the farmhouse beneath them, to be replaced by a scrubby tail end of moor land and fields, then the town of Bodmin: houses clustered around a main road, the ruins of the old jail marking the outskirts. Rhyllann adjusted slightly to the right and tracks appeared beneath them. They were over Bodmin Moor now, flying for five minutes, noting Roughtor and Brown Willy to his left, feeling Crombie clutch at him, hearing him shout through the headphones. 
‘Son – down there – I see it.’ 
Like a model train travelling below them billowing little puffs of steam, pulling two dinky carriages behind, for all the world like Thomas the Tank engine, and that fitted. Rhyllann could almost pretend he was having a vivid nightmare, except inside the borrowed trainers, his feet felt cold, so very cold, cold enough to have woken him from dreams by now.
‘Jesus, we might be in with a chance after all.’ Crombie breathed. ‘Can you fly any lower?’
‘Not with those pylon lines there. Sorry.’ 
 ‘’kay – kay – get some speed up – we need to get in front – then start looking for a landing spot.’ Rhyllann gave him a sharp look. He didn’t need instructions from him. Then he remembered Crombie’s brother. Rhyllann wondered if Crombie had acted as co-pilot or even flown himself before but didn’t like to ask. 
Within minutes the track curled to the left – the pylons continued marching straight. Rhyllann breathed a sigh of relief. Crombie clutched him again pointing:
‘There – look – up ahead.’ 
They’d passed the moors surrounding Bodmin town, and were above the wilder highland moors. He could fly lower now. They’d been flying for around twenty minutes, through the headphones Rhyllann could hear Crombie huffing and began wondering if he’d read too much into Wren’s note, when the track looped to the left. The glistening rails curved a semi-circle through the moors, reducing the steep incline of the gorge forged by the river Camel, which was straddled by a magnificent Victorian viaduct. Where the embankment began again there was an army land rover on the tracks – but no sign of any sabotage. 
‘Jesus. No.’ Crombie wailed. ‘Get as low as you can over that jeep.’ 
‘What – it’s the army – they won’t shot at us will they?’ Everyone in this county seemed trigger happy. 
‘It’s on the tracks son. Any money you like they’ve filled it with explosives.’ Rhyllann suddenly understood what Crombie meant, and his mouth dried up.
In that moment he realised what Crombie guessed and Wren knew. The gang’s own members were expendable. The little steam train would act as a detonator. 
‘Jesus no. We’ve got no time! Get as low as you can over that jeep without landing. As slowly as you can. Circle, and then come back. Do you understand?’ Rhyllann heard Crombie’s voice, but his brain wouldn’t decipher the words. 
Crombie shook him. ‘Rhyllann. Listen to me. It's important you do exactly as I say. Rhyllann – listen, listen now.’ He shook him again more violently. Rhyllann nodded, unable to speak.
‘I need you to be very brave. You have to fly over that jeep as slowly as possible okay? Do you hear me?’ Rhyllann nodded again.
‘Then, this is the really important part. You have to fly on to RAF Mawgan. Head over in that direction.’ Crombie pointed. ‘And it's about fifteen miles between Padstow and Newquay. Okay? Tell them what’s happened.’ He was rummaging through his pockets now. ‘Take my warrant card. Explain everything. Okay?’ Slapping a plastic wallet down, Crombie struggled with the door. 
‘Promise me now. Don’t look back.’ Wind gushed into the cockpit with a deafening roar. Rhyllann stared open mouthed as Crombie positioned himself at the door frame, crouching. 
‘What the hell are you on about? What are you doing?’ His throat closed up, and unexpectedly tears sprung to his eyes. Swallowing hard, he managed to whisper. ‘Don’t do this Crombie. Please don’t do this.’ Crombie probably didn’t hear him, but looked over his shoulder to give a self conscious grin. 
‘Yeah I know. At my age. As slow as you can son.’
 
The plane’s wing flaps were already open to their fullest angle, Rhyllann’s hand trembled on the throttle, unwilling to do as Crombie asked but unable to think for himself. The plane slowed almost to a stall, helped by a headwind which seemed to come from nowhere. Even so, they were travelling at twenty miles an hour. In spite of the padded headphones Rhyllann could hear an unbearable roaring noise as the plane lumbered just above stall speed.
‘Please no. Don’t do this.’ He begged again, just as Crombie dropped like a sack of cement, landing yards from the stranded jeep. Rhyllann caught a glimpse of Crombie performing a clumsy forward roll before picking himself up and racing to the jeep. Then Rhyllann slanted to the right causing the door to slam. 
Without the mind numbing howling wind, he could at last think straight. Manoeuvring the joy stick, he spiralled upward, the engine noise decreasing as the plane obtained cruise mode. Rhyllann now had an eagle’s eye view, for the first time ever taking no pleasure in the scene. In the distance, small puffs of steam rose. Rhyllann circled the jeep again; he couldn’t spot Crombie, and knew he was inside: Inside the jeep packed with explosives. Just above the embankment was a levelled area, it seemed at one time there had been a station or halt here. Rhyllann felt his backbone stiffen and sucked in his stomach as he prepared to circle the area for the second time, and deliberately disobey Crombie. 
 
He placed the plane perfectly, almost on auto-pilot. Crombie must have heard his approach; only sixty yards or so from the jeep. As Rhyllann jumped down and began running towards the embankment a feeble whine reached him, as Crombie tried vainly to fire the engine. 
‘Crombie – no! No!’ Rhyllann shouted, terrified the ignition would accidentally trigger the explosives. He thought he had faced Crombie’s anger before. But the man jumping from the jeep, hastening towards him seemed ready to kill. Rhyllann took an involuntary step back. 
‘You bloody fool! Don’t you ever do what you’re told? Get away! Get away from here!’ Clutching Rhyllann's shoulders, Crombie shook him till his teeth rattled then shoved him roughly away from the tracks, slapping his back so hard it stung. 
‘Go!’ Crombie bellowed. Without a second glance he strode back to the jeep, his distressed leather jacket flapping round his thighs. Rhyllann sobbed on his hands and knees, then certain Crombie would kill them both, began crawling back to the plane. A metallic sheen caught his eye. For a moment Rhyllann stared blankly at Willy Treraven’s chain, aware of the wretched spluttering of an engine repeatedly refusing to fire, and Crombie’s shouts of exasperation. 
’Start damn you start! Come on! Come on!’ There was panic and fear in his voice; again and again the engine merely whined pathetically with the occasional cough. Rhyllann couldn’t leave him. Any moment now that train would come steaming round the corner, and onto the bridge. And stupid stubborn Crombie would be blown to smithereens along with the train, the two carriages and everyone on board. Because the train would never be able to stop in time. And there was nothing Rhyllann could do but watch. 
”The chain. You could use the chain.” What? Rhyllann shivered, then elation rushed through him. The voice was right. The chain! If only … Ducking his head under his arm to peer backwards, Rhyllann saw the most beautiful sight in the world. The old school army jeep had a brand new shiny winch fitted to the front. And Rhyllann was willing to bet his life that it worked independently of the engine. Scrabbling back to the jeep, tugging open the driver's door he pulled at Crombie’s arm, screaming into his face. 
‘The winch! Crombie the winch!’ For a moment he thought Crombie was going to strike him again. Then pushing Rhyllann to one side he jumped from the jeep to look for himself. In the distance, a train whistled, a happy sound, unaware of the horror awaiting it. Crombie crouched at the mechanism, muttering to himself. 
‘Please god, give me this, please god, let something go right.’ His fingers were running along the thick electrical wire connected to the winch, feeling for an independent switch. His features relaxed, for a second, Rhyllann saw the merest hint of the old crocodile grin. Then Crombie remembered Rhyllann and scowled up at him. 
‘I am going to play this hook out. Okay? You can help me attach it to that chain.’ Crombie nodded back to the plane. ‘Then you are going to run like the devil is behind you. Do you understand?’ Rhyllann nodded acknowledgement, but Crombie hadn’t finished. 
‘If I so much as get a sniff of you hanging around. I swear to god Rhyllann Jones I will stop what I’m doing, and handcuff you to that bloody plane. And if I survive this, I swear to god, I will make your life one long misery. DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?’
Rhyllann hopped from one foot to the other. ‘Yes I understand. Now get a bloody move on!’ As if to emphasise his words, the train whistle sounded again. Louder, more distinctively. But Crombie had already started up the winch mechanism, and was playing out the metal coiled rope. Rhyllann ran up the embankment, pulling back on the plane’s metal chain till it was almost taunt, willing Crombie to hurry … hurry. 
The next few minutes were the longest of Rhyllann’s life, he jiggled from foot to foot, trying not to look down the railway track as the winch unwound with agonising slowness. Then Crombie was pacing only a few yards away from him, guiding the winch rope as he walked backwards, now only feet away; for one heart stopping moment it seemed the rope couldn’t possibly reach, and they’d wasted precious minutes. Suddenly Crombie was puffing beside him, and with aching arms Rhyllann held Willy’s chain steady for Crombie. He noticed Crombie’s hands shaking as he secured the thick solid lip of the hook through a chain link, tightening down the securing bolt over the hinge. They exchanged glances. It would have to hold. 
‘Mind me now son, you start running.’ Crombie cautioned. 
But Rhyllann could only walk backwards, his eyes fixed on the bridge. He realised suddenly that there would be no warning singing from the tracks, this wasn’t an electric train. In any case, his blood pumped so loudly, he doubted he could hear anything too subtle. In front of him, the metal chain twitched, then stretched as the winch reversed, winding back. Any second now, the jeep should start moving. He watched Crombie straighten up, then remembering his promise, finally turned to run. 
 
At the third whistle, Rhyllann turned back panting. The train was starting over the bridge. Clouds of steam and smoke obscured it, the driver must have spotted the jeep, and was trying desperately to slow down, but still the massive bulk of iron thundered on. Dragging his eyes back to the jeep, Rhyllann saw its painfully slow progress judder, then come to a halt. Again the jeep hiccupped, and with a feeling of dread, he realised that the rear wheels had jammed against the tracks. Rhyllann began racing back towards Crombie, running helter skelter, his knees jarring, arms flailing and twice almost falling face first but somehow recovering. Any moment he expected to hear Crombie’s bellow, and he was determined to ignore him. But Crombie had vanished. Then suddenly the jeep jerked forward, Willy’s chain, now feet away from Rhyllann went slack, then tightened again. Looking back along its length, Rhyllann saw the jeep rolling free of the tracks, and knew exactly where Crombie was. From somewhere he found more speed, and sprinted forward, waving wildly, his voice one long scream. The thundering steam engine filled his vision; no longer a toy train but a wall of iron increasing in size every second. Unstoppable and within spitting distance. Rhyllann winced as an earsplitting shriek of steam filled every molecule of air. Flinging himself to the ground, Rhyllann covered his head, and waited for the world to explode. Then above everything else, all the noise and confusion and loudest of all his own heartbeat, he heard Crombie’s triumphant shout and knew they’d done it. They’d done it! Rhyllann opened his eyes to see, but sudden tears blinded him. He sensed air swelling; filling with sound and steam as the iron behemoth roared past, still screeching horribly, as the driver struggled to stop.
Forcing himself to his feet, Rhyllann stood, tensing jelly like muscles against buckling. Looking along the track he watched a massive cloud of steam billowing; thinning to reveal the gleaming flanks of an engine; shimmering on the moors like a ghost train. 
Hey Crombie – they’ve stopped the train for you! Rhyllann thought hysterically. Where was Crombie? Rhyllann scanned the area casually at first, then with increasing urgency. Deep ruts stretched from the track to the jeep, where it had been dragged. Dear God no. Crombie had been sucked from the jeep into the path of the train – Rhyllann imagined him spread eagled across the cow catcher like a cartoon travesty. Spitting out the bile swarming into his mouth, Rhyllann began trudging towards the train, then turned to disconnect the winch from his plane. He couldn’t face that horror show yet. He concentrated on prising the metal catch of the hook back. It took all his strength to wrench it open. When he rattled the metal coil clear the plane’s undercarriage wobbled like a loose tooth. Touch and go. They had been so lucky. Rhyllann swiped at his eyes thinking Crombie would probably get the George Cross for this. Posthumously. Behind him, he heard a rifle like retort; Spinning round he saw Crombie emerge from the jeep, slivers of glass cascading around him creating miniature rainbows. At the last moment, with seconds to spare, Crombie must have hurled himself into the jeep, out of the train’s path. 
‘Crombie!’ Rhyllann sprinted across to mug him. Crombie hugged him back briefly. 
‘Son.’ He swallowed hard. ‘I’ve never been so scared in my life. Never.’ His voice came out in a whisper. The rear windscreen had shattered – Crombie who seemed to have lost volume control shouted at him now:
‘The bloody wheels jammed! God only knows how I managed to get them free. And Christ knows how I got clear in time! And you! How many bloody times do you need to be told?’ He shook Rhyllann again, throwing in a few slaps across his shoulders. Rhyllann had to sit down because his legs wouldn’t support him. He faced away from the jeep, determined to stop his mind from repeatedly measuring the gap between its back wheels and the tracks. Neither he nor Crombie had turned the winch mechanism off, yet it had stopped winding. The very last dregs of the battery must have finally drained. Inches had separated the train, jeep, Crombie and him from an inferno. As Crombie’s anger sapped, he dropped to his hands and knees to retch. Rhyllann crawled over to pat at his back. 
Indicating the train Crombie said ‘I’ve gotta get up there – let them know what’s going on.’ But he was too late. The driver obviously decided they were a pair of nutters playing games. With creaking wheels and an eruption of steam the train got back into motion. 
Pushing down hysteria, Rhyllann spluttered: 
‘You’ve missed your train Crombie!’ 
Chapter Twenty-Nine
 
They waited for ten minutes before realising no-one was coming. Fur coated the inside of Rhyllann’s mouth. The only sensation he could feel from the neck down was the cold clamminess of his combats. He needed a hot scented bubble bath followed by a fluffy dressing gown and a home cooked meal. But more than anything Rhyllann longed for a glass of cool clear water. He looked round at the rain drenched moor – like a sponge unable to absorb anymore – surface water formed shallow boggy lakes. Undrinkable water surrounded him and he was thirsty, thirstier than he had ever been in his life. Bugger this Rhyllann thought. Stumbling to the nearest puddle he scooped water with his hands, swirling the first few gulps round his mouth to spit out, then scooping up more to swallow. It reeked of rotting cabbage and tasted gritty – an image of Wren splashing water over his face then drinking gleefully returned. 
‘Son, don’t drink that. You’ll be ill.’ 
Rhyllann didn’t care. Anything to get this foul taste from his mouth.
‘No-one’s coming.’ It sounded like a sob. ‘No-one’s coming.’ He repeated, pushing himself upright.
This wasn’t fair. The RAF should be overhead in a victory fly-pass. Police cars and ambulances should have roared up, sirens screaming. Maybe even a fire engine. To carry him and Crombie shoulder high then race to Wren’s rescue. Instead if they didn’t get off this bog no one would even know about the crazy stunt they’d managed to pull off. The train driver might report two lunatics trying to free their jeep from the rails. Might. 
‘Give it time son. Holden’s gotta convince Bates.’
Rhyllann prodded him with a foot. ‘What if Bates won’t believe him?’
Crombie had already cried wolf once. 
Still the detective huddled on the ground hugging his knees, eyes scanning the horizon, expecting the cavalry to show up. Rhyllann shook him. 
‘Crombie!’
Using Rhyllann’s arm as a ladder, Crombie struggled upright. ‘Okay. Okay. We’d better start walking.’
Rhyllann shook him again. ‘Walking? We’ve gotta go after Wren! Crombie!’ 
For a moment he thought Crombie was going to refuse. A rush of arguments raced through his mind as he watched Crombie glance at the plane, at him, then the plane again. But something told him to keep his mouth shut. After an eon, Crombie spoke. 
‘The kid knew the score. He bartered … gambling on you.’ He stooped suddenly to scoop muddy water into his mouth. Rhyllann’s hopes grew. 
‘Crombie?’ Spitting the water out, Crombie stomped towards the plane.
‘Come on son. What are you waiting for?’ 
 
*
 
Take off got easier and easier. Which was lucky because Rhyllann had landed on the only dry patch for miles and had just the one chance to get airborne. He worried about the uneven ground, connecting with an unseen boulder, then decided that after today, he was never going to worry about anything again. 
“Make the first time the last time laddie.” He heard inside his head, and nodded silent agreement. With a hop and a jump the plane soared, flying north west this time. Already from their vantage point the ocean shimmered on the horizon. Rhyllann checked the fuel gauge, and calculated it was about ten minutes before they were flying on fumes. He didn’t feel too concerned. This little baby could glide for miles. Anyway a sea landing would be a new experience. Air tight meant water tight and they’d probably float long enough for someone to spot their emergency flares. Rhyllann decided to keep that to himself. Somehow he didn’t think Crombie would be so easy to convince that landing was the simple bit. Rhyllann adjusted the controls slightly, feeling the craft respond immediately. He was in love. 
Beside him, Crombie hummed happily as his eyes flickered over the dashboard instruments, and then gazed through the window like any ordinary person. Rhyllann had to say something though. Staring straight ahead, he blurted.
‘What you did back there was pretty special.’ Crombie started. With a self conscious laugh he said. 
‘Special all right. I must want my brains tested.’ 
They lapsed into an embarrassed silence. 
After a moment or two Crombie added. ‘Anyhow, what else could I have done?’ Adding. ‘If you hadn’t thought of that winch; I’d be dog’s meat by now.’ Rhyllann acknowledged this with a modest smile. 
‘I’ll put in a good word for you at your trial son.’ Crombie turned to gaze out the side window, trying to hide a grin. 
‘If you were dog’s meat, I wouldn’t miss your lame arse jokes.’ Rhyllann retorted. ‘Anyhow I ain’t done nothing.’ Crombie laughed out loud at that, sending Rhyllann into a sulk. 
But Crombie was in a really good mood now and wanted to chat. Rhyllann ignored him until he received a sharp dig in the ribs. 
‘What?’ 
‘I said at least your cousin is a master manipulator.’ 
‘Wren?’ 
Crombie nodded, looking embarrassed. ‘I went on a profiling course. He ticks all the boxes. What they call Machiavellian.’ Rhyllann considered this. 
‘You mean he always gets his own way? Well duh. Those baby blues and blond hair.’ 
Crombie shook his head. ‘It's more than that. Wren managed to persuade those filth that he wasn’t going to co-operate unless they gave him something first. And got you to understand what was going down too. He pressed a few of my buttons too if you remember.’ Rhyllann gave it some thought then decided to let Crombie think what he liked. If he wanted to class the little geek as some kind of mastermind, that was his affair. 
‘What about me then? Did you profile me?’ Rhyllann asked casually. 
Crombie folded his arms, smug as a life sized Buddha. Rhyllann wished he’d kept his mouth shut. 
‘I’ve been round your house son. Typical sports mad teenager with an unusual passion – gift – for flying.’ 
Rhyllann’s eyebrows shot up. Praise from Crombie! But he hadn’t finished. ‘That first time – when I met you at the station. You kept touching that chain round your neck. Made me wonder. The average teenager’s careless. My girls for example. Always losing things – mobiles – I-pods – keys. Careless. But not you. You wear your front door key round your neck. Because you can’t afford to lose it. If you lost it – there’d be no one to let you in. I watched you coming out the station. Most people stop at the vending machine – grab a coke or a snack. Not you. Counting the pennies.’ 
Rhyllann glanced sideways at him. Crombie wore the crocodile smile. 
‘You’re the anomaly. A careful teenager. But your cousin’s kept you on the back foot from the start.’ A Crombie grunt. ‘Kept us all on the back foot.’ He raised his eyebrows, inviting comment. 
‘You’d better start looking for a field to land in before we crash.’ Rhyllann said, wiping the smile off Crombie's face. Adding ‘How old are your girls then?’ 
Two could play the psychobabble game.
Chapter Thirty 
 
Crombie found a decent enough field for them to set down. If he noticed the absence of engine noise, he didn’t comment. They were trudging now up a steep hill. The town of Tintagel perched to their right and even higher along the cliff tops. This area didn’t seem badly affected by the freakish weather. Still streams of water rushed along the sides of the road to swirl around overflowing drains. Rhyllann was transfixed by Tintagel Castle, unable to take his eyes from it. It loomed to their right, erupting from the granite cliffs built from slabs of grey stone. Like the monolith Taffy’s Folly, it seemed part of the natural landscape. Crombie pushed Rhyllann towards a stile. 
‘This way – a footpath over the fields.’ It was all right for him. He had wellies. Still Rhyllann’s feet couldn’t get any wetter, or colder. He squelch forward trying to find the firmest ground as they crossed the field diagonally, surprised Crombie hadn’t insisted on heading for the local police station first. The air tasted salty now and smelled of fresh seaweed. The soaring cliffs descended to scrub land as they headed left, with the castle and town to their right. A few brave souls hiked along the coastal path. Even further to their left Rhyllann spotted a sandy beach snuggled into a cove. He imagined Crombie and wife sunbathing, their girls giggling round their deckchairs. His mind shied away from the image of Crombie in swimming trunks. A thought struck him. 
‘What did Wren mean? When he asked if you knew who built Tintagel Castle?’ 
Crombie thought for a moment then said. ‘You saw it. It’s supposed to be the birthplace of King Arthur. Only it’s thirteenth century.’ He paused, trawling his memory. ‘The Earl of Cornwall built it. Henry the Third’s brother.’ After a further pause he added. ‘Guess that would make him a nephew of your Princess.' 
 
They trudged on in silence, Crombie busy with his own thoughts, Rhyllann’s wandering off in all directions. Now Crombie tugged at him. 
‘There.’ He said pointing. What Rhyllann had taken for a huddle of bungalows was apparently the ruined monastery. According to Crombie, there had never been mention of a convent. The rain began again. 
‘Jesus – how much more is there up there?’ Crombie said tugging his collar upwards. Rhyllann shivered. But even as it splattered the ground the rain drizzled out, one last jeer at mankind. The sun came out arching a brilliant rainbow, bridging the land to the ocean. As they watched, two land rovers veered off road towards the ruins. 
Rhyllann turned to Crombie: ‘We beat them here!’ 
‘Don’t sound so surprised son. They’ve probably had to detour like crazy.’ 
Still Rhyllann felt stupefied until he worked out that since leaving Holden probably only two hours had elapsed. It only seemed like a lifetime ago. 
*
 
Once more Rhyllann watched bodies scurrying around. Only now Crombie lay face down beside him providing a running commentary. 
‘They think they’ve found it. Looks like they’re attaching a winch to something in the ground.’ A muffled cheer floated their way. A smaller figure was dragged from a jeep, then suddenly bodies started dropping out of sight. Rhyllann sprung upright, Crombie yanked him back. 
‘A tunnel. They’ve found a tunnel.’ Oh lord. When they found the treasure, what would happen to Wren? 
‘What are we gonna do?’ He asked. Crombie looked over his shoulder towards the unseen town of Tintagel. 
‘That’s miles away Crombie!’ Rhyllann spat. ‘Don’t even think about it.’ 
Crombie didn’t answer. With mounting desperation Rhyllann realised the detective had no idea what to do next. 
‘They won’t harm him.’ Crombie said. ‘They’ll want a hostage.’ 
Rhyllann shook him. ‘Don’t lie to me! Mikey Stern blames Wren for his father's death. He hates him! And anyway – we can’t let them take Wren with them!’ Rhyllann's voice rose. He staggered upright. 
‘Come on!’ 
Crombie pulled him back. ‘What do you think we can do? Ask them nicely to come quietly?’
But Rhyllann had a plan; of sorts. ‘They might not have left a look out. We can roll a jeep over the tunnel. If we get the other one started we can drive back to Tintagel – get help.’ It was a crap plan. Wren would be trapped down there too. But at least it was a plan. 
 
Crombie insisted that instead of sneaking around furtively, their best chance was to act like tourists and march up to the ruins. And hope they weren’t recognised. 
‘Pretend we’re lost – try to gain their confidence.’ He said stooping to slip a rock into his pocket. ‘You knee one in the balls – I’ll wallop ‘em over the head!’ 
‘Yeah right.’ Rhyllann said, biting back a comment about not having his ju-jitsu socks on. 
 
There was only one lookout. They changed the script slightly. Rhyllann approached limping and sobbing. The guard slipped out the jeep to comfort him, playing his own part of a concerned council worker. Crombie crept up behind and slogged him over the head. Then frisked the guy while Rhyllann searched the jeep. He found a bundle of cable ties and some rope. Bingo! 
‘Look!’ He said – waving them at Crombie. Crombie widened his eyes to show delight, then waved his own prize. 
‘Look!’ he echoed. 
‘Oh nice. Swap?’ 
Crombie smiled, tucking the matt black pistol inside an inner pocket against his chest. He rolled the unconscious man under the jeep, jamming his hands together while Rhyllann secured his wrists with three cable ties. 
‘Put one round his thumbs. Ankles too.’ Crombie said. Rhyllann wanted to rush down the tunnel. Crombie held him back – demonstrating how to temporarily disable a diesel engine by yanking out the glow plugs. 
‘See?’ He said, shiny metal nestling in his palm. ‘Won’t start without ‘em!’ Crombie explained. Rhyllann saw and disabled the second jeep under Crombie’s supervision. 
‘Atta boy. Petrol engines are easier, just snap out the spark plugs. Make a copper of you yet.’ 
Or a thief thought Rhyllann watching the two essential parts slip into yet another pocket. He wondered if anyone had ever suggested a man-bag to Crombie – and lived to tell the tale. 
‘Come on son – let’s go!’ 
 
Plastic keep away tape had been twisted around the metal rods which surround a large hole in the ground. An official looking sign warned. “Danger of Death. Keep out.” A hand written sign read “Danger. Deep Mine Shaft.”
Stepping over the tape they dropped down into a room sized pit. A clay wall had been demolished revealing wide smooth steps gouged from stone, fading as they sunk into darkness. Reaching for his mobile Crombie led the way. As they descended the stairs widened dramatically, opening into a cathedral sized cavern. The last seven steps swept to the right, completely exposed. Two then three voices called out; the acoustics rendering their words inaudible. Free standing halogen lamps lit up the place casting ominous shadows against the wall. As Rhyllann’s confused brain tried to make sense of the scene Crombie darted back, pushing him up the steps, pressing a finger firmly to his mouth. Huddling in the anchoress cell below ground level they held a hurried discussion. 
‘I counted four of ‘em down there. Four! We were lucky not to be spotted.' 
‘Wren – did you see him – is he ok?’
‘Yeah yeah. He looks fine son.’ Crombie wouldn’t met his eyes. 
‘We’ll have to find another way in. Crombie please. We’ve come this far.’ Without waiting for an answer Rhyllann hauled himself from the cell. Scrambling back to the jeeps, Rhyllann surveyed the area. To his left the ground rose slightly, before breaking off to form the cliff edge. The ruined monastery lay to the right, almost hidden in a dip, and beyond that the town. The immensity of the scene was emphasised by its solitude. There didn’t seem to be another living soul around, unsurprising as rogue clouds continued to float by dumping their loads indiscriminately. Rhyllann heard but didn’t register the sound of a jeep bonnet being slammed shut. Chewing at a knuckle, he wondered if they should investigate the monastery ruins, search for a hidden passage way maybe connecting the monks with the nuns, thinking if only Wren were here … An engine spluttered then rumbled. Spinning round he saw Crombie at the wheel of a jeep, checking the gears’ locations, and giving little experimental pumps on the accelerator. The traitor! Racing up to tear open the driver's door he threw himself at Crombie. 
‘You promised! We can’t leave him – we can’t just leave him! Crombie!’ Grasping Rhyllann, Crombie heaved him over his lap and into the passenger's seat like a life sized doll.
‘Get in, sit down and buckle up. Then shut up.’ With that the jeep sprung forward jolting Rhyllann into his seat. Before he could say a word, they’d reached their destination and Crombie wrenched the handbrake full on, carefully selected reverse and killed the engine. Rhyllann gulped. The jeep’s windscreen actually overhung the cliff top which angled steeply inwards, back to rocks at least fifty feet below. He felt sweat break out on his palms as two huge waves smacked together sending spray halfway up the cliff. They were perched on the very edge, the slightest breeze would surely topple them over. Rhyllann cringed back in his seat, eyes wide with horror. At that moment the jeep rocked and he screamed: 
‘Crombie get us out of here!’ 
But the driver’s seat was empty. Clinging onto the jeep’s frame Rhyllann slithered from his seat, happier with firm ground beneath his feet, but wanting it firmer. Crombie had vanished. Still clinging to the jeep Rhyllann inched his way to the cliff top in nightmarish slow motion and peered over, mesmerised by foaming waves slamming over the rocks far below. He started, grabbing the bull bar for balance at a voice coming from the ground. 
‘Son stop mucking about and give me a hand here.’ 
Crombie was on his knees at the jeep’s other side, securing a length of rope to the bull bar. Rhyllann swayed with relief then toppled backwards to plump down on his backside. Then he scrunched back a few inches, flinching as a rope whipped into his lap, followed by Crombie wriggling upright. Not even bothering to hang onto the jeep, ignoring the Atlantic Ocean battering the cliffs inches away; Crombie stood up and began tying a noose at the rope’s end. Noticing Rhyllann hadn’t moved, with a jerk of his head he said. 
‘Take a look down there.’ Rhyllann whimpered but wriggled forward on his stomach obediently. Vertigo rushed to meet him and he closed his eyes tightly, turning his head against the jeep’s front wheel. The smell of rubber made him feel even sicker, Rhyllann twisted his face the other way, only for green wellies to fill his vision. Next thing Crombie was sitting beside him, legs dangling over the cliff, smacking him on the back and wanting a conversation. 
‘Did you notice that crevice – just a chink of light – I reckon some kind of tunnel or maybe even a ventilation shaft.’ 
Rhyllann sensed Crombie leaning forward, and wanted to tug him back, but his fingers were glued to the earth somehow. In fact, his whole body was paralysed – apart from his insides – they squirmed frantically. 
‘Get me out of here, get me out of here.’ He whined. 
‘Are you listening to me? Rhyllann? Oh for god’s sakes.’ A hand grabbed at his jacket, scraping him back from the edge and yanking him into a sitting position. Immediately the paralysis left, and his limbs trembled uncontrollably. Crombie’s mouth tugged at the corners, a look of delight crossed his face. 
‘Vertigo! Don’t tell me you suffer from vertigo!’ 
Suffer was the right word. And he didn’t see what Crombie found so funny. 
‘It isn’t vertigo. It’s self preservation.’ Anger fuelling him, Rhyllann forgot to be frightened. Standing up he took a couple of steps towards the edge telling himself it wasn’t that bad. The drop wasn’t that steep and the rocks weren’t that black and shiny and jagged. The ocean looked deep though, deep enough for sharks maybe or even killer whales. Rhyllann dragged his eyes back to Crombie holding the coiled rope. Hands on hips he said. 
‘Don’t tell me. You’re going to lower me down and I’m going to crawl through that tunnel.’
With only a hint of sarcasm Crombie said ‘Face it son, I’m just not built for pot holing.’ Then in a gentler tone: ‘If I could do this for you, I would.’ 
His pity scalded Rhyllann into action. Ducking his head and arms through the noose he sat at the cliff edge emulating Crombie’s distain for heights. 
Rhyllann slipped his backside from solid ground, and twisted, so his chest butted against the cliff edge. Then he gave a sharp nod. Crombie took up the slack and with a push Rhyllann dangled mid air trying not to think about sharks. And if they could jump. His mind chided him: Stop wimping, this isn’t so bad, you’ve flown much higher – miles higher. The worse part is over. The bit before you jump is always the scariest he told himself. And now he was committed, with his feet scrabbling for foot holds, Crombie’s bulk above him and a good solid rope around him; digging into his flesh, almost dislocating his shoulders, any moment now he would slip out the noose and his sweaty hands wouldn’t be able to hold the rope and he would fall and he wouldn’t be killed outright and Crombie couldn’t scramble down cliffs because he wasn’t built for it. Hours of agonising pain surging through his broken body racked on jagged rocks while sea creatures nibbled on his limbs probably going for his eyes first stretched before him until Crombie fetched help just too late. The rope jerked, sliding up a couple of notches and he whimpered again. 
‘Just there son – just to your right – see it? Come on Rhyllann – you’re on top of it!’ He’d been so wrong about Crombie. He had no compassion at all. Squirming so the noose cradled his lower back, Rhyllann hauled his legs up until his knees were waist level, then bunny hopped, managing to clutch at the ridged outcrop guarding the crevice. Heaving himself face first to flop into the tunnel’s opening he struggled to free the rope. Crombie’s knot refused to give, there wasn’t enough room to spread his arms upright. If it hadn’t been for voices echoing up to him, he would have given up. Instead new hope spurred him on. Pushing back to balance on the cave’s rim, Rhyllann shrugged off the rope, then waved at Crombie before diving back in and wriggling along the sloping tunnel. 
 
Two blond heads glistened in the artificial light. Wren rested against a boulder in the middle of the cave, his chin slumped against his chest. Hewes held a pistol to his forehead. Rhyllann counted three men examining the walls and floor of the cave with their fingertips, before his eyes were drawn back to Wren. And the boulder. Involuntary, a long low whistle escaped him. Wren’s head came up, cobalt blue eyes stared directly upwards, and a dorky smile lit up his face. 
‘What’ve you got to smile about you little runt!’ 
Rhyllann flinched as the pistol slammed against Wren’s temple – almost calling out in anger.
Ignoring her Wren spoke clearly. ‘Would you please tell WPC Hewes to stop knocking me around the head. How do you expect me to think?’
Crombie had miscounted; from the shadows a fifth figure emerged, easing Hewes to one side. Rhyllann’s breath caught in his throat; the rugby player spoke. 
‘Christ sakes. He isn’t going to run anywhere. Not with that foot!’ To Wren he said. ‘What is it? What have you seen?’ 
Wren pointed to the far side, opposite the steps. ‘That wall there – I don’t know – does it seem different to you? Smoother – less natural?’
The man patted Wren’s head. ‘Good work. Good. Good boy.’ 
He walked over to investigate calling to the others as he went. Wren gave them a moment or two, before standing up to stretch. Covering a yawn with one hand he splayed the other wriggling all five digits. Rhyllann managed an awkward upside down thumbs up sign, then began wriggling backwards as fast as he could. Emerging from the tunnel he clambered back in to the noose and without waiting for Crombie to haul, squirreled up the rope, forgetting to be scared of falling.
‘He saw me! Five minutes. Give him five minutes. He’s gonna create a diversion. And Crombie… get a load of this…’ Rhyllann hesitated biting at his lip. ‘Crombie … you’re really not going to believe this.’ As he spoke Crombie’s face drained of colour, he seemed frozen to the spot. 
‘What? Impossible!’ He snarled as the full betrayal sank in. ‘I will personally rip stripes from uniforms. I will press for maximum charges. I will …’ Rhyllann yanked him forward mid threat herding him back to the anchoress cell. He didn’t know what Wren planned, but knew they had to be in position. As they descended the steps voices raised and echoed. It seemed Wren’s diversion was well under way. 
 
A man shouted furiously: ‘We had a deal! You warned him! You even spoke to him! Now you play ball!’
‘I won’t. You filthy murderer. You murdered those innocents on that train, and you murdered your own father.’ Wren’s voice sounded crystal clear and emotionless, emphasising the enormity of the words. 
‘Shut up. Ignore him Mikey.’ That sounded like Hewes.
‘Coward. Yellow belly coward. Old men and bombs. Very noble.’ 
‘Shut up! If anyone’s responsible for my father’s death it's you; you little runt! God he used to make me sick. Wren this, Wren that. He thought the sun shone out of your arse and you set him up!’ 
Wren screamed out with pain. 
‘Leave him alone Stern!’ 
Rhyllann coiled, ready to make a dash across the main cavern. Crombie held him back. ‘Wait. Wait for the fighting to start.’ He hissed. 
‘Ladygate prison. Maximum security. Queen Charlotte Hospital. Geriatric ward. Oh and where d’you suppose the charming Rhyllann will end up? Some young offenders’ home? Never mind. I’ll find him. After I’ve dealt with you.’ Hewes purred. ‘And we’ll find the treasure. If we have to blast the entire place to kingdom come.’ 
Someone sniggered. ‘She’s right. Let’s go get the rest of the explosives … leave him down here.’ Shaking off Crombie’s grip, Rhyllann coiled again, ready to spring out and use teeth if necessary. 
Wren stopped him. ‘Stay where you are. Don’t move. I’ll show you. It’s been staring you in the face all this time, but you’re too blind to see.’
As Wren spoke, a low rumble filled Rhyllann’s ears. It seemed to come from the ground itself and go on forever. Feeling Crombie nudge him forward, crouching low, hugging the wall Rhyllann crept into the cavern. Just in time to see stone walls rolling away on well balanced mechanisms. 
 
Aladdin’s cave. It was an Aladdin’s cave. Rhyllann stared open mouthed at the contents inside the secret chamber. Huge metal trunks reinforced with thick bands covered the floor, stacked with plates of gold, jewel encrusted crucifixes, triplexes showing icons, their frames studded with precious stones. More plates hung from the wall, smaller gold coloured chests were heaped in one corner. Treasure piled upon treasure, gleaming under the artificial lights. Rhyllann’s eyes dropped back to the hefty load bearing trunks; large enough to hold a baby elephant, and there his imagination stopped. Without warning Crombie grabbed him, throwing him behind an outcrop of rocks that zig-zagged out from the wall, and squeezed his bulk in after. No one noticed them. The cavern echoed with ooohs and ahhhs.
Wren watched with detachment, he hadn’t moved from his spot. He rested a hand lightly against a sword buried halfway inside the boulder. The sword: Caliburn. Rhyllann’s eyes were drawn to it once more. The secret room threw out a golden glow. Caliburn swallowed light. It glinted with an eerie iridescent blue sheen which crackled; shimmering around the hilt to run up and down the blade before disappearing into the boulder. Wren’s profile seemed outlined in monochrome. His blond hair turned platinum. He turned to stare in Rhyllann’s direction with eyes of cold metallic steel. 
Then the trance broke, Hewes sprinted towards the room followed by the men, laughing and whooping, their voices echoing back. Wren watched with a smile. With his hand against the sword’s hilt, he levered it upwards, from a forty-five degree angle to its original upright position. The ground beneath Rhyllann rumbled again as stone walls pivoted on mighty hinges to swing closed. Angry shouts reverberated and calls of 
‘The walls – hold them back! Quick!’ 
Hewes managed to dodge out – Stern almost made it. He screamed out in pain and terror as the walls continued to trundle shut. In a flurry of movement Hewes caught him under the arms – suddenly the rugby player was there helping. There hadn’t been space for him to crowd into the hidden room. He yelled at the two still inside to shove and with an awkward back roll Stern was free. The walls finally thundered shut with a thud that shook the cavern. 
Crombie was on his feet and would have rushed over to help if Rhyllann hadn’t yanked him back. Brandishing the pistol he rose again to wade into the confusion. 
‘Wait!’ Rhyllann cautioned him. ‘Wait for Wren’s signal.’ 
There was no doubt now who was running this show. The rugby player knelt over Stern’s body, it twitched then lay still. Muffled cries sounded from behind the wall. 
‘Christine get help! Get Frank down here! Bring water and the first aid kit.’
Rhyllann thought Stern looked beyond first aid. With a screech Hewes charged at Wren knocking him to the ground. 
‘You little runt! What did you do?’ She shook Wren, banging his head against the stone floor. The giant rushed over to prise her off. 
‘Leave him alone! He’s only a kid!’
‘It was him! He did something – touched something!’ Picking Wren up by the scruff of his dressing gown, she clung onto him as her head twisted, searching the cavern. Inches above her Caliburn glimmered. 
‘How can she not see it?’ Rhyllann murmured. Crombie nudged him for an explanation. 
‘The sword.’ 
Crombie looked even more perplexed.
‘The sword in the stone.’ Realising he had shouted the words, Rhyllann clasped a hand over his mouth. 
‘Caliburn.’ He whispered. ‘You call it Excalibur.’ But its true name and true nature was Celtic. 
Hewes was squinting now, peering at Caliburn. Had she finally noticed? Wren, released from her grip, scuttled over to his new best friend. The strange smile on his lips again as Hewes’s head swivelled trying to fix the illusive non-light in place. 
‘What the hell are you talking about Christine? What is it?’
‘I dunno Crombie. Some kind of lever – sticking out – screw your eyes up and squint – you can almost see it. It’s all kinda wavy – like smoke…’ As she spoke, her hand reached to grasp Caliburn’s blade. 
The electric blue spasms surged into over drive; crackling like hot fat. Lightning exploded through her body shocking her hair into a punk rocker’s. A sonic boom ruptured the cavern and she flew backwards. Her body crashed against the rock formation sheltering Crombie and Rhyllann, causing them to duck; then slid to the ground with a thump. 
 
Rhyllann shook. The air surrounding him ignited and every breath he took seared his lungs. If he breathed through his mouth it coated his throat, breathing through his nose drew the stench of scorched meat so thickly he could taste it. His teeth chattered and every blood cell in his veins tingled as they scurried to and fro, trying to escape through his skin. A harsh rasp rattled beside him, Rhyllann lifted his head slowly, certain some new monster had come for him. It was Crombie, his features fallen into a haggard mask. Sensing frightened eyes on him, he turned and tried to smile. 
‘S’okay son, it’s okay. Some kind of freak accident.’ He slurred. Rubbing a hand over his face, he quietened his breathing. 
‘Annie. Detective Crombie Sir. You can come out now.’ Wren’s voice sounded; clear and strident as ever. Rhyllann couldn’t face him. Not yet. 
‘Come on son. Your cousin needs us.’ Rhyllann shrunk from Crombie's touch. Plunging his hand into first one pocket then another, Crombie shrugged off his jacket to drape round Rhyllann. 
Rhyllann watched him stride forward, pistol in one hand, a handful of cable ties in the other, detouring around the rock and the crumpled bundle of rags. A chill swept over him and he wanted to call Crombie back, to warn him not to – not to … his mind panicked, telling him to keep quiet, not to draw attention to himself. Two lamps had fallen over, Crombie picked them up. Wren was propped against the boulder again. Blue strands sizzled through Caliburn, as it faded back to a dull sheen. 
Wren studied the rugby player twitching at his feet with the interest he had shown the Devil’s Stagecoach Beetle all those years ago. Weeks ago. No barely a week, Rhyllann reminded himself. Panicked voices sounded again from behind the wall calling for help. Rhyllann shrunk deeper inside Crombie’s jacket, pulling it over his head like a shroud, welcoming the darkness. Better, much better. Old leather, petrol fumes and greasy oil kept out the singed charcoal smell. Inside his mind, he hunted a tune, a nursery rhyme and started humming. Anything to shut out the voices. Rhyllann’s knuckles found his mouth and he bit down. 
‘Son are you okay?’ Crombie reached out to Wren, patting his shoulder. Ignoring the question Wren asked his own. 
‘Did WPC Hewes call that man there Mr Crombie?’ 
Crombie hesitated for a long time before replying. ‘My brother. I haven’t seen him since … When he mussed your hair like that … I used to follow him round like a puppy.’ 
Wren made small comforting noises. Crombie spoke again. ‘Is he dead?’ As though he couldn’t bear to look for himself. 
‘Stunned. Just stunned. He caught the backlash.’ Crombie walked unsteadily over to the prone body. Then ever cautious stooped to wrap cable ties round his brother’s wrists. He looked back at Wren. 
‘Christine – WPC Hewes – she touched that lever – did you know what would happen?’ Wren leaned against the boulder surveying Crombie with eyes of blue innocence. But he took too long to answer. Eventually he admitted. 
‘I didn’t think it would be with that force.’ 
Huddled behind his rock, cocooned in Crombie’s coat, Rhyllann heard the lie.
Chapter Thirty-One
 
Wren called over ‘Annie – come on! We need you.’ 
Rhyllann waved impatiently. He’d lost it. He’d lost the next line. He’d have to start over. “Gay go up gay go down, ring the bells of London Town” – better. “Oranges and lemons say the –" no! not again! This time a figure loomed into view. 
‘Son – come on – I need your help. I need to get you and your cousin out of here.’ Rhyllann shook him off and started his rhyme over from the beginning. 
‘Detective Crombie – what’s wrong with him?’ Wren wailed. 
‘It's alright son. Nothing to worry about.’ Crombie waved a hand in Rhyllann’s face. He swatted Crombie aside and started again. If he didn’t recite the rhyme in the correct order the ground would open again for the third time. He couldn’t risk one wrong word. Rhyllann fixed on the small crevice high up in the wall, blotting out the irritants in front of him.
‘Wren stop that.’ The sobbing continued. ‘Come on now. You can’t go to pieces as well. Your cousin’s going to be okay. I’ve seen this before. He’s in shock. But he’s going to be ok. He’s strong. He won’t sink … like an overloaded computer – he needs to reboot. Let’s get you up the steps – I’ll come back for him.’ 
Rhyllann let words wash over him, he wanted to reassure Wren, but it seemed much more important to get the rhyme right. He watched listlessly as Crombie checked on his brother once more. Wren limped over to stand beside him, then stooped awkwardly to pull a battered leather book from Declan’s back pocket. Wren spoke tonelessly to Crombie. 
‘He didn’t know about the bomb. I thought he was going to kill Stern when I told him. He wanted to send a couple of men onto the moors. To move the jeep from the tracks. They wouldn’t … they’d taken pictures on their mobile. Hewes had. Said Rhyllann would be on the train if I didn’t … I’m sorry Detective Crombie.’
Crombie put an arm around Wren's shoulder. ‘You’ve got nothing to be sorry for. Rhyllann worked it out. We stopped the train.’ Crombie said simply. Wren sagged against him. After a moment or two Crombie half carried him across the cavern and rested him against the steps. 
‘Rhyllann. Rhyllann son.’ Crombie sighed, but this time didn’t attempt to touch him. ‘I’ll be back. Don’t move.’ And turned to help Wren up the steps. 
 
*
 
“When will you pay me, say the bells of old Bailey. I’m sure I don’t know, say the great bells of Bow.” He’d made it … “Here comes the candle to light you to bed – here comes the chopper to chop off your head –“ the world began tuning in like a faint radio signal – Rhyllann could allow that now – almost there – 
“Chip, chop. The last man’s …
At that precise moment Wren screamed, and a single shot rang out.
Chapter Thirty-Two
 
Crombie crumpled against Wren, clutching his shoulder, blood seeping through his fingers. Through gritted teeth he let go a low moan of pain. Wren pushed him to one side and began rifling through the battered text. Joan’s own words. Spinning round Wren thrust it towards the man holding the gun. 
‘Don’t shoot! Don’t shoot him again. Look! Read for yourself – Oh thank god – they’ve made an English translation!’ Holding the book open he read aloud. ‘But the treasure is guarded by Caliburn. He who wishes to enter the secret room must first ensure he knows of the Celtic rites. Another may enter, provided he is accompanied by one who has been initiated into the Celtic mysteries. No other hand is permitted to touch Caliburn, sacred sword of the Celtic nations.’ He raised his head. ‘Do you understand – it’s almost certain death to touch the sword. You need me.’ He stopped, breathing heavily. 
The gunman beckoned for Wren to pass the book. From his vantage point seated at the top of the cell, he read, while keeping the pistol trained on the room below him. 
Wren bent over the prone detective and shouted. ‘Detective Crombie – do you understand?’ His voice travelled clearly, carrying into the tunnel. ‘For some reason Caliburn can only be plainly seen and handled by a Celt. Only a true Celt can pull Caliburn from the stone. If only Rhyllann were here. We need Rhyllann. Rhyllann stopped that train crashing. Rhyllann saved me from drowning.’ He called at the top of his voice. ‘Annie where are you? I need you!’ 
‘Will you shut up or I will shoot! I’m trying to read.’ The gunman buried his face in the book again, while Wren sobbed quietly. 
 
*
 
Deep within the cavern, Rhyllann’s head came up. Someone was calling to him. Someone in trouble called his name over and over. In a persistent strident tone. Really this was too much. He’d nearly reached the end, and now he had to start all over again. But the rhyme was all mixed up in his head with pistol shots and wild talk of Caliburn and treasure and Celtic myths. 
He couldn’t help anyway. Even if he wanted to. A gunman waited up top. Patiently. To ambush Wren and Crombie at the top of the steps. There was no other way out of this place. Rhyllann fixed his eyes on his special window and started again. The setting sun’s rays streamed through the crevice creating a pool of light, distracting him. If it landed on Caliburn, like a message from above, that really would be too much. 
Illumination flooded Rhyllann. Shrugging off Crombie’s smelly old jacket, he sprinted over to Caliburn. His hand slapped against the hilt, his fingers curled to grasp, and his arm swept upwards, pulling Caliburn from its resting place. It flew up as cleanly and sweetly as a bird taking flight. Hearing movement behind, he swung round. Caliburn followed perfectly balanced, already an extension of Rhyllann. Declan stirred, dread crossed his face as the mythical sword shimmered before him. 
‘You quick – over there.’ Rhyllann motioned to the crevice high in the cavern wall, with Caliburn. ‘Your brother needs help. He’s been shot! Don’t you care?’ Declan Crombie merely stared, his eyes were as blue as his brother's but his face looked haggard, and slack. Rhyllann grew impatient, they didn’t have time for this. 
‘Move. Or else.’ He waved Caliburn menacingly. Crombie’s brother lumbered to his feet to obey in double quick time. In the distance far away, he could hear Wren’s voice. Protesting now that he wasn’t moving until Crombie had his wounds bandaged. Rhyllann took a running jump, using Declan's back and shoulders as a human ladder, and thrust his head and torso into the tunnel's entrance. He wriggled further into the hole, feet kicking back against Declan’s body. Then he hissed for him to sit back down and not to move, else he'd be back – with Caliburn. Wren would buy him time but he couldn’t stall forever. 
 
*
 
The gunman sneered. ‘What’s all this nonsense – no-one can touch Caliburn?’
Wren stepped closer. ‘They’ve booby trapped the place. A lever in the shape of a sword. If you don’t put exactly the right amount of pressure – if you touch it incorrectly – it triggers some kind of primitive electrical charge.’ Wren spread his arms wide. ‘Look – I don’t give a toss. Go look for yourself – there’s a lever sticking out from a boulder. But Christine Hewes touched it. Declan Crombie only stood near it. Now she’s dead and Declan’s laying in that cavern unconscious.’ 
‘It’s true.’ Crombie rasped. ‘I saw it happen with my own eyes. Bates – you’ve nothing to lose. Take the kid with you – let him operate the mechanism.’ Bates looked from Crombie to Wren, then into the tunnel. He came to a decision. He laughed, mocking them. 
‘Detective Inspector Crombie. Always in the wrong place at the wrong time. Unbelievable.’
‘Bates. Don’t … Shooting me – that was an accident. An easy mistake to make. Maybe you thought I was a gang member. But if you think you can kill me and get away with it – don’t be stupid!’
‘Stupid? Me stupid? Oh no Detective Crombie not me. That evil little gang in there – brave stupid Detective Inspector Crombie of the Met tried to stop them. Superintendent Bates, poor old country plod arrived too late. Treasure gone. Dead bodies everywhere. What a mess! Jeff Holden will testify how impulsive you were. How he tried to warn me in time. How I came up here just for a look see. Too late. Again.’ 
‘Bates! For god’s sakes! Not the boy.’ 
Crombie tried to shield Wren with his body. Bates sneered. 
‘In two seconds, you won’t be worrying about anything anymore.’ 
Wren broke in angrily. ‘Are you completely mad? He’s got a wife – a family …’ he gestured towards the tunnel. ‘A king’s ransom … you can buy your own island … please – his daughter’s getting married next month!’ 
‘Enough talk.’ Bates said stretching to angle the gun downwards. 
The sun broke free from the clouds again, transforming him into a towering silhouette. Wren screamed and clutched at Crombie. 
 
Rhyllann charged out of the sun, roaring – swinging Caliburn in a wide arc – the blade scythed upward– erupting through air and space. A startled Bates attempted to spin round, tottering on the cell edge, completely off balance now. The pistol fired, a bullet sang, and Wren screamed again, sprawling against Crombie. The earth shook as Bates toppled into the cell. 
Rhyllann, murderous, sprung after him without pause. Crombie twisted, trying to throw off Wren, whose arm snaked around him. 
‘Enough Rhyllann – Enough.’ Crombie bellowed.
 
Bates’s gun dropped to the ground, he scrambled to his knees, staring petrified at this avenging angel. Grasping him by the hair, Rhyllann lifted Caliburn aloft – an unholy joy flooding his soul. Crombie’s voice penetrated the battle fugue, he risked a quick glance, saw him propped against Wren, crouching at the side of the cell. Rhyllann looked down at Bates, his eyes closed, lips moving in silent prayer. From the corner of his eye, Rhyllann saw Wren make a cutting gesture against his own throat. Kill. Crombie pushed himself upright, swaying slightly. He wouldn’t be in time to stop him. 
‘Enough.’ 
 
Rhyllann couldn’t help himself, Caliburn sang to him, demanding blood. Slowly, deliberately, he swept the sword down, tearing through flesh, which parted against the blade, peeling open like rotten fruit. It felt good. He stood back to admire his work, and Bates slumped to the ground.  
 
Rhyllann had no recollection of scrambling up the remaining cliff face, or circling round to attack Bates. He remembered every stroke he made with Caliburn though. He would never forget the feeling of invincibility, it was burned into his soul. 
Wren held out his hands for Caliburn, his blue eyes impenetrable steel once more. Rhyllann surrendered it willingly. It belonged to him too. He thought Wren meant to clean it, but felt no surprise when he stroked the blade, dabbling his fingers in Bates’s blood. Then reached up to smear Rhyllann’s forehead.
 
Crombie finished binding Bates’s hands behind his back, then secured his ankles.
‘That little savage tried to kill me – you saw him Crombie – he’s the one you should be cuffing – Crombie!’ 
Crombie placed an oversized wellie on Bates’s rump, forcing him down. 
‘You. Shut. Up.’ 
Bates turned his face to one side, spitting out dirt. The gash across his cheek resembled a sausage that had split its skin. 
Crombie turned to the boys. Apart from blood smearing his face and hands, he was devoid of colour. 
‘Rhyllann – we’ll take his jeep. You’ll have to operate the gears for me.’ He scrambled out of the cell as he spoke. 
Pulling Wren with him, Rhyllann followed. Wren shrugged him off. 
‘Brawd – come on – Crombie needs help. He’s bleeding all over the place.’ 
Wren stared at him, motionless. 
‘Please son.’ Crombie’s voice sounded less authoritive than usual. 
Still Wren didn’t move. 
‘Brawd – he’s already lost so much blood.’ 
A smile spread over Wren’s face. ‘Annie, leave here and we’ll never see that treasure again.’ 
Rhyllann felt confused. ‘What are you talking about? It's ours! We found it!’ 
The smile seemed pitying now. ‘It isn’t ours. It belonged to the King of England. It belongs to his heirs.’
Rhyllann looked to Crombie for confirmation. ‘Is that right? We won’t get a penny?’
Crombie spoke raggedly. ‘There’s documentation …. Proof …. the Princess of Wales ….her father’s treasure. …hoard … Not treasure trove.’ He looked haggard but managed a smile. ‘Maybe a finder’s reward.’ Crombie winced. ‘Son, I’m sorry – We need to go.’ He staggered towards the Police Jeep. 
‘We’ll take him to hospital – then come back – move some of the treasure – the Queen wouldn’t mind – she’d be happy for us! If she knew what we went through!’ 
Wren shook his head. ‘Lizzie wouldn’t even notice if we pulled a couple of those chests to one side. I’m sure she wouldn’t begrudge us either. But the men in grey suits would.’ 
‘Who’s gonna tell ‘em? Not me. Not you.’ But in his heart Rhyllann knew he was fighting a losing battle. 
‘Not me. Not you. Look behind you Annie. An honest man.’ 
Crombie was in Bates’s jeep now, turning the engine over. He managed to start it up – but he couldn’t manage both gear stick and steering wheel. He stared helplessly at the boys. 
Rhyllann snapped. ‘Get up there now you little punk. He needs us.’
The sword flickered with languid energy, like a contented tiger as Wren backed towards the cavern’s entrance. 
‘He needs you. But choose carefully. When you get back, I won’t be here.’ His eyes were unfathomable once more. 
‘Stop talking crap. You want me to leave you here with six – no seven madmen?’ Two of whom were dead, three imprisoned. Leaving two cuffed and injured. Not counting the lookout, still unconscious under his jeep. 
The amusement on Wren’s face confirmed he had read Rhyllann's mind again.
 
Lead weighing down his limbs, Rhyllann turned to heave himself from the pit. As he clambered to his feet, Wren called to him. Rhyllann turned, hoping against hope he’d changed his mind. 
‘Hey Annie!’ The dorky smile lit up his face one last time. ‘You were fantastic. Thanks.’ 
Swiping burning tears from his eyes, Rhyllann tried to smile back, then stumbled away, this time without looking back.
Afterwards.
 
He pounded along the water’s edge yards from the restless Irish sea. Firm newly washed sand crunching under his trainers, his lungs effortlessly absorbed the ozone. Sometimes, most times, he would sit on an outcrop of rocks bordering the cove and stare across to Anglesey, lost in thought, before climbing the narrow path which led to the isolated house he called home. A counsellor recommended he put every thing down in writing. But running was better. Much better. The events of last summer scrolled film like – he could slow them down, examine them. Wonder if he could have done anything differently. 
But today a parcel waited for him at the village post office. He recognised the post mark and was eager to get home and examine the contents. Only his closest friends and family knew of his existence here in this lonely little Welsh cranny. And Crombie, who guarded Rhyllann's privacy fiercely. Crombie had proved his greatest ally against the interrogations and journalists waving cheque books, pulling in favour after favour, putting up a Berlin wall between Rhyllann and curious paparazzi. 
 
His stepfather David actually arranged for interviews on day time TV. No doubt with visions of Rhyllann doing the chat show rounds, glossy magazines and maybe even some advertising. With himself as agent of course. Crombie nipped that in the bud. Mum sided with Crombie, and the ensuing row resulted in David leaving. Mum didn’t blame Rhyllann, of course she didn’t. But relations were strained. 
Aunt Sarah blamed Rhyllann though. She had sat opposite him in the farmhouse kitchen of his new home. It began quietly enough, but ended with her pulling out chunks of his hair and screaming. Either grief made her hysterical, or prison had changed her. 
There was no reward. By the time Crombie recovered enough to confirm Rhyllann’s story, and the local police finally got their act together, all but three large chests had disappeared from the secret chamber. Rhyllann still didn’t know how Wren had managed it. A king’s ransom spirited away. Again. 
 
He paused at the rock outcrop, hands gripping his knees, head slumped over to catch his breath, then took the remaining half a mile up the steep cliff path at a brisk jog. After a shower and change of clothes, he ran tap water into a glass, then sat down to open the package at the kitchen table where aunt Sarah had accused him of abandoning Wren. 
The first thing that caught his eye was a stiff white envelope, embossed with the RAF logo. Scrawled in dark blue ink ‘Cadet Rhyllann Jones.’ Mystified, he opened it. Then unfolded a wad of papers. In the same hand, two lines were scrawled on headed paper, inviting him to enrol next year at the RAF’s flying school at Cranwell. Underneath this, six stapled pre-printed forms requesting personal information, previous experience, and why he thought he should be selected. 
Someone had already filled this in. “Exceptional flying ability demonstrated under extreme conditions. Personal recommendation from the holder of a George Cross. Pre approved.” 
The boxes for exam results had been scribbled over with a large N/A. Unexpectedly tears sprung to Rhyllann's eyes. With a trembling hand, he replaced the note and forms in the envelope and tucked it away in the drawer beneath the table. Knowing he would open it again at least hundred times until he was actually enrolled. Gran would be pleased. Surprisingly she didn’t blame Rhyllann. She made her thoughts about grown men encouraging scallywags to steal planes very clear. But it had been her who loosened aunt Sarah’s fists from Rhyllann’s hair, and stilled her screaming. 
‘What was he supposed to do? Let the man bleed to death?’ No one knew better than gran the depths of Wren’s stubbornness. And then gran stated that if anyone was to blame, it was her two daughters for allowing her grandchildren to run wild. There was no comeback from that. Now Rhyllann actually looked forward to gran’s visits. Mum was campaigning again, somewhere in Africa this time. Aunt Sarah refused to communicate with anyone, apart from the prison service. She organised literacy programmes for prisoners. Gran tried living with him for almost three months. It had been a relief for both of them when she had broken down and admitted that the solitude was destroying her. She missed her bingo, popping next door for a gossip, and London buses. 
 
Rhyllann felt he’d had enough excitement for a lifetime. He found the rural Welsh school to be stricter but fairer then the comprehensive in London. Social Services were content to merely monitor, so long as he behaved himself. With nothing else to do, he immersed himself into study and exercise. He thought he would probably achieve the grades he needed, even more so now that all pressure was off. 
‘Thanks Crombie.’ He said outloud. When the phone rang five minutes later, he just knew who was calling. ‘Thanks Crombie – that’s the best news ever!’ He said. 
‘What? You’re not seriously considering taking their offer?’ 
Rhyllann laughed, thinking it was Crombie’s idea of a joke. ‘Flying school? Watch me bite their hands off! Thanks again. Dunno how you managed it but thank you.’ 
‘Oh that! I thought you meant the other thing.’ Crombie cleared his throat. ‘That’s okay son. I got talking at a memorial do back in November. Chatting to some big-wig in the RAF. Turned out to be a huge fan of Douglas Bader – apparently he had trouble with maths too. “Leave it to me old chap!” he said. So he came through did he?’ 
Rhyllann slid the drawer open to touch the envelope again. 
‘He sure did. Thanks Crombie.’
‘It's okay son. You don’t need to keep thanking me, I only told him the truth. Said he’d be a bloody fool not to sign you up.’ Crombie's voice became indistinct as he covered the phone to answer a colleague. ‘No not yet. What’s the latest?’ Then more clearly: ‘Listen – I’ve gotta go – I’ll call you back in ten, fifteen minutes – will you be there? It’s important.’ 
Rhyllann answered, still preoccupied in rereading the letter. ‘Yeah, sure.’ He had all he ever wanted in his hands. Three of his best mates; Marcus, Alex and Andrew planned to visit at Easter. Quad bikes, mountain climbing and barbies to look forward to. He had a life of freedom most teens could only dream about. And yet. 
 
A Wolf-Fence spider scuttled across the kitchen floor tiles, comically long legged. 
‘Look Annie, haven’t seen one of those in years.’ He said softly. Shaking himself mentally, he investigated the rest of the package. A glossy leaflet shook out, with an accompanying letter, from the Kernow Tourist board. 
 
“Hi Rhy!” It boomed. “How cool is this? The hidden chamber finally gives up all its secrets after nearly 1000 years! WOW! We want you at the grand opening. Local and maybe even national media crews are expected to cover this exciting event. I’m delighted to offer you all travel expenses (up to forty pence a mile) plus a free life time pass to enter the chamber anytime! (Apart from peak season). Plus ten per cent off spending in the gift shop and cream tea rooms! (Certain items excluded). I sincerely hope you can make it – the party of the millennium – Wicked!” 
 
Rhyllann cringed as he finished reading, then turned to the brochure, which contained colourful photographs of the cavern he saw so many times in dreams. Only now it looked so different. Dummies dressed in medieval costume posed dramatically. The chamber doors stood open, just one large chest on the floor, brimming with “treasure”. Rhyllann’s attention was drawn to the last photograph; a close up of the secret chamber. He stared fascinated: Taking up one side, was a pulley attached to an oversized dumb waiter affair. The blurb running alongside stated that the hoist was an original feature, and praised the whole chamber as testimony to the quality and workmanship of the medieval Celt. 
‘The little geek! So that’s how he managed it!’ Rhyllann wanted to smile, but his mouth turned the wrong shape. There were still so many questions and only one person held the answers. 
The phone rang – Crombie again with his important news. ‘Son – I’m sorry – I’m leaving London now, but I wanted to speak with you before you heard it on the news.’ Rhyllann felt confused – heard what? The secret chamber was yesterday’s papers; a rainy day activity for bored holiday makers. 
‘Rhyllann? Are you there? You’re not to worry – Cymru Police should be with you soon.’ Someone was hammering on the door already. Rhyllann got up to answer. 
‘Yeah – I think they’re here now. What is it? What’s wrong?’ 
 
The solid oak door flew open, and the phone dropped through his bloodless hands, clattering to the floor. Still Rhyllann stood open mouthed with astonishment. The blond hair formed a careless halo, azure eyes shone level with his. White teeth gleamed from a face tanned by a Mediterranean sun. Iridescent blue flashed and atoms collided as Caliburn once again scythed through the air.
‘Hi Annie. I’ve brought your sword. I thought you might need it.’ 
Rhyllann watched his own hand reach out as though magnetised, the need to hold Caliburn more urgent than the need to breathe. As his grip tightened around the hilt, the resonant vibrations running through the blade mingled with his own pulse, dwindling to a soft purr. From the floor, Crombie’s voice growled through the handset. 
‘Rhyllann, promise me son, don’t do anything silly. It’s Tricia. Your mum. She’s been kidnapped. Rhyllann – is someone there with you? Rhyllann – talk to me!’
 
The End … The Celtic Cousins return in "A Ripple in Time" and again with Crombie in "An Explosive Time". 
******


An invitation from Julia: 

Thank you, I'm happy you took a chance and downloaded one of my random stories. Now we're no longer strangers, if you enjoyed this, there's more titles to choose from. 
Personally, I'll read anything that catches my interest – my books reflect this eclectic taste: Paranormal time travel romance, London criminals and fat old detectives, I even created an alternate universe where mythical beasts exist. Some are free, because I like free, and I like having readers around. However, I've a couple of small and not so small mouths to feed, so some stories have a small admission fee  …  but only after you've read a sample and decided you want to come along for the adventure. 

Sound fair? Come on over to my site, and discover what's what … there's a new shiny mailing list. I promise all you'll ever hear from me is 'New Book Release' or 'Special promotion/Free Book announcement'. Although I'm on Facebook and Twitter if you want to shoot the breeze anytime – hope you'll get in touch soon! 

Julia Hughes 


