



The Last Ark: Part I, II, III and IV available in as a complete set in The Last Ark: First Omnibus Edition: Parts I - IV 

Also by Jack Sky

The Last Ark Series:

Part II-   True Devotion
Part III- The Blackout
Part IV- Consecration
First Omnibus Edition: Parts I-IV


For Young Readers

Heroes of the Apocalypse Series






THE LAST ARK


Part I
The Vision




By JACK SKY



Published by CATACOMBS PRESS at Smashwords

Copyright 2013 Jack Sky
THE LAST ARK - Part I: The Vision, Copyright © 2013 by Catacombs Press.
All rights reserved.
Published in the United States of America by Catacombs Press

No part of this book, including the cover image, may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.

First Print Edition

Library of Congress Cataloging in Publication Data is available upon request.

This is a work of fiction. Characters, corporations, institu­tions, and organizations in this novel are the prod­uct of the author's imagination, or, if real, are used ficti­tiously without any intent to describe their actual conduct.

Designed by Mary Ann Chopin

Cover Art by J.W. Stevenson 

Printed and Bound in the United States of America

***

"In the final persecution of the Holy Roman Church there will reign Peter the Roman, who will feed his flock among many tribulations; after which the seven-hilled city will be destroyed and the dreadful Judge will judge the people."
Saint Malachy of Armagh (1142)

“There is a message in which it is written that the oceans will flood whole areas of the earth, and from one moment to the next millions of people will perish… We must pre­pare ourselves to suffer great trials before long…”
Pope John Paul II, (October, 1981)
Reader of the Secret Letter of Fatima

“A robust EMP Laydown would shut down the US power grid and communications for at least 6 months. And if one weapon would not do it, four absolutely would, particularly with the power of the weapons that the Russian generals say they have developed... And all without the threat of retribution.”
Congressional Record
US House of Representatives (June 9, 2005)






“Few if any people would die right away (in a potentially non-attributable EMP attack). But the loss of electric power would have a cascading effect on all aspects of U.S. society. Communication would be largely impossi­ble. Lack of refrigeration would leave food rotting in ware­houses, exacerbated by a lack of transportation as those vehicles still working simply run out of gas (which is pumped with electricity). The inability to sanitize and distribute water would quickly threaten public health, not to mention the safety of anyone in the path of the inevita­ble fires which would rage unchecked.”
Congressional Record
US House of Representatives
(June 9, 2005)






“Mr. Speaker, with 285 million people in an EMP attack, no electricity, no transportation, no communication… the only way you can go anywhere is to walk, and the only person you can talk to is the person next to you.”
Congressional Record
US House of Representatives
(June 9, 2005)



"In the end, my Immaculate Heart will triumph. The Holy Father will consecrate Russia to me. Russia will be converted… and My Son's Church will be one, once again."
Mary, Mother of Jesus Christ
Fatima, Portugal (1917)


***




A flash of lightning… and
the sound of thunder …









Happy those who enter into Mary, as into the ark of Noah!
—Saint Louis De Montfort (A.D. 1700)

A flash of lightning… and
the sound of thunder…
1
The Vision 
Italy, Rome, the Vatican - late night:
“‘Jesus, how do I even build Her ark? How do I build something to keep Her children safe during Your coming purge when I don’t even know what Your coming purge is? Help me, Jesus. Show me how to do this. What is this purge? How am I supposed to build Her ark if I don’t know what it’s supposed to do? Help me, Father. Show me what I’m supposed to do!’
"That was pretty much the gist of my prayer when I got back from a whole day of walking the streets of Rome, wearing the beat-up clothes I usually do whenever I don’t want anyone to recognize me. I was trying to think. You have any idea how much work thinking ac­tually is? I’m sure you do. So I didn’t need a bunch of people crowding around me everywhere I went: ‘Oh, it’s the Holy Father! Look! It’s the Pope!’
“It was late, two, two-thirty in the morning, when I got back. I stayed alone in my room, and continued to pray; all the while looking out the Vatican apartment win­dow. Down below, St. Peter’s Square was dark and empty, and across the Square, all the windows above the colonnade were dark and probably empty. It’s just how things are around here, this time of night.

“I sat at my desk and began to pray again. I know His purge is coming, but for some mysterious reason, He al­ways waits until the last possible moment with these sorts of things. I’m thinking, ‘He’s really cutting it close this time.’ So again, I started asking for guidance with all of this, namely how do I get Her children to prepare? And how much time do we really have? That lasted for nearly an hour. I was exhausted. I must have walked twenty-five, thirty miles, today.
“The desk clock read 3:33 AM. I couldn’t keep my eyes open. I folded my arms on the desk and laid my head down.
“That was when this latest vision must have begun.
“At first everything was dark and then a bolt of lightning flashed. Thunder seemed to roll away in the distance. Every change of scenery in the vision started the same way—with lightning and rolling thunder. As the light faded, the Woman’s face appeared to me. She looked so young, about fifteen or sixteen, and had long, light-brown hair. A white cape covering Her head fell onto Her shoulders. Her eyes were blue. I’ve never seen eyes like Hers. I knew Who She was right off. The ra­diance gradually faded into milky white marble. Her face became Michelangelo’s face of Mary looking down at Her Son’s still body. It was the Pieta.
“Mary’s face then took on life again. She was sad. In the same position as She has in the Pieta, She looked down at Her son. She held His head up in Her arm as His body lay in her lap… and She just looked at Him. I remem­ber thinking that it must have been just as She had done so many times before to Her sleeping Boy. She pulled His lifeless arm hanging down at the side of Her lap; She laid it on His stomach, and rubbed across this gapping hole ripped into His side. There was no blood. It had all drained. I could even see the bottom of His still heart. She tried to stifle the pain. I kept remarking to my­self how young She looked.
“The sky behind Her was angry. Violent gray clouds streamed past in fast motion. The earth shook but every­thing seemed to be holding back its wrath just because She was there with Him. Jesus’ body lay there… It was so still. With incredible calmness, Mary looked up from Him into the sky. She said softly, “Do what you have to do, My Jesus, but come back to Me!” If She could, I think She would have been with Him, physically, whe­rever He was at that moment, but She couldn’t. She was still bound to this earth. With downcast eyes, She yearned with all the intensity of a simple Jewish Mother wishing for Her Son’s dead Body to come back to life again…
“Through it all, I couldn’t help but think She pre­vails… She always has… She always will…

“There was a flash of lightning… and the sound of thunder…

“A very strange place… I think it was some form of limbo. It was dirty, lit by random patches of red glow com­ing from underneath a rocky floor. There was no hori­zon if you can imagine that. Ambient howling noises were all about. There were totally black beasts that ap­peared to be in charge. They were short, hideous things with claws for hands and hooves for feet, and tails that had mange and dragged the ground… They had the appear­ance of small horse-like raptors.
“The human souls that had kind of an aura about them stayed together in groups. They were the countless thousands of mostly nameless Saints unrecorded in the ancient Old Testament texts. They were the Hebrew Saints, good people all. They were left alone.
“And then there were the lost ones, the dark souls. They remained apart from the other human souls and seemed to be roaming about aimlessly. They were the most disappointing souls to look at, tormented constantly by small groups of howling demons and no longer able to get away from their constantly tormenting prods.
“A portal appeared in the middle of it all. Demons were jolted and began screeching. They rushed to stand guard around the good souls, when, like a drawbridge in midair, there was this opening and a golden light rushed from outside and drew the attention of all the good souls. Demons pushed and tried to herd the good souls away. A Man appeared—the source of The Light. He was dressed in white. A human soul, tall and magnificent—you could tell by looking… He was the King… even in this place.
“Jesus thrust Himself into the midst of the demons and tore them away from the good souls. He pushed, maimed, and tore into the demons one by one. At the end of it all, I felt exhausted just seeing how hard He works. He held His arms open; walked a few steps; and called to some of them; they who were called came to Him. He proceeded to gather His fellow human souls to His side—there were thousands of them. The evil, which at­tempted to block His way, quickly relinquished in total defeat.
“Then from the midst of the group of good souls, the beaming face of Joseph, His earthly father, shone out. Jesus rushed to him and they grasped each other's arms and shoulders. ‘Well done, Son,’ I heard Joseph say proudly. Jesus answered, ‘Let us go to Her.’ Jesus put His arm around Joseph’s shoulders and they walked on.
“Seven Angels of Light emerged from the portal. War­rior spirits, all of them. Swords, breastplates, hair, and beards—from some ancient time or probably from a place with no time at all. They stepped down from the portal, and one, Michael, their leader, stepped out from behind them.
“Michael, a bold Archangel, walked aside and scanned the entire area with fiery eyes. A most magnificent Sword hung at his side. You had to see it. It was the Sword of Light. I’m sure of it. The young warrior type with long, unkempt, dark hair, he was rough shaven, and he effortlessly climbed on top of a dark boulder. He stood there and drew his Sword. It gave off a fiery Light.
“Jesus and Joseph led the group of His souls back to the portal. As Jesus climbed the planked drawbridge and headed to the other side, He turned to Michael and nod­ded. The portal door closed. The place darkened. The evils peered out from dark corners with their glowing red eyes. They begin to howl. Michael raised his Sword and the howls became screeches. All the evils moved away… except for two. Two crawled out from behind a rock. One sneered and spit. He was the master of them all and beside him was his second in command.
“This particular Limbo transformed then into what I would say was the waiting area for Heaven or hell. A wide horizon appeared. In the distance, an endless field of jagged black rocks and spouting streams of molten lava led to the base of a black mountain range. The sud­den horizon glowed red from the intensity of heat light­ing up into a skyless kind of a sky. It was as if the entire place was roofed in. Flame-like solar flares erupted si­lently in the distance. The beast, along with his second in command and his arch demons, was driven by Michael into a cave at the side of a dark mountain.
“Surrounded by his seven Angels, Michael looked down at satan. Two Angels restrained him, attached an iron-like collar of a spiritual material around his neck, and chained him down. It was the second restraint placed on the beast, to protect Jesus’ True universal Church dur­ing the centuries when the Faithful would be redeemed.
“Satan stared at Michael and taunted him by transform­ing in and out of the likeness of an Angel of The Light. ‘You could have been just like me,’ he said with a sickly sounding voice. The other demons sur­rounded satan. They gloated even though they too be­came equally restrained by satan’s certain captivity.
“The Angels and I quickly departed through another Portal that opened onto a long tunnel carved out of stone. It led to an iron door at the top. The Warrior Angels walked up the tunnel floor. I felt like I was walking di­rectly behind them. When they got to the landing at the top, Michael opened the iron door and the Angels and I passed through.
“I stood alone with Michael on the other side in a cold, damp, stone vestibule. The walls were dripping dark­ness. I watched Michael; he never said a word. He held a large key. He placed it into the portal door; locked it and disappeared. Reddish light glowed through the an­cient keyhole.

“Another flash of lightning occurred… and the sound of thunder rolled away…

“This time the lightning flash faded and I saw the white stone statues of three children: Lucia, nine, Francesco, eight, and Jacinta, six, They knelt at the statue of an Angel in a field marked by a signpost that read: Cabeco, Portugal–The Three Shepherd Children of Our Lady of Fatima–1917 in the Year of Our Lord. The stone statues of the children came alive and the setting suddenly changed into an open field surrounded by a small wooded area. They wore the traditional clothes of the time—full skirts and veils on the girls and a jacket, wool hat and a goatskin water bag slung over the boy’s shoul­der.
“A bright light flashed in the cloudless sky. Thinking it was going to rain, the children moved quickly to gather the small flock of sheep and walk away. They came to a young oak tree about three feet tall. Another bolt of lightning flashed. They turned towards the field when a brighter light appeared from behind. Turning around, they saw Mary radiating Her Light and standing lightly on top of the small tree only a few feet from their startled faces. “It’s the Beautiful Lady!” Jacinta said. But Mary looked sad.
“The children were perfectly happy as they became gradually engulfed in the Light emanating from Mary’s hands. However, their surroundings began to fade away, the image of the children kneeling before Mary Who held out Her hands and engulfed them in Her Son’s Light suddenly morphed into a view of hell…, and I was right there… seeing what they saw.

“I think I kept moaning. This place was bad… I just wanted to get out of there… but I couldn’t.

“Souls fell away into a slow moving river of fire. In it were plunged black and burning demons with distorted shapes. They had heads where you would expect to see knees, large single eyes on their shoulders, with patches of hair and mange all over them and things crawling on them with human faces. The human souls had human forms but were all inconceivably ugly at one moment and then just plain ordinary looking people at the next. They all resembled live, at times, transparent burning coals. The fire continually burnt but never consumed. There must have been a deafening noise but it was at a pitch that could only have been heard by those who were mak­ing it. It was a noise reflected in the silent horror of their inaudible screaming faces. It all looked like a scene from some long lost Hieronymus Bosch painting.
“Souls fell into the river and on to the ground with the slow motion of large flakes of falling snow… falling continuously and never letting up.
“Once in the river, they were lifted into the air by the flames; they fell back on all sides like sparks in a raging fire, with neither weight nor balance.
“Suddenly the three children’s eyes opened. They were still kneeling, but very bothered. They were clearly shaken. They raised their eyes to the comfort of Mary’s presence. Mary spoke gently, with a kindly sadness, ‘You have seen hell, and the souls of poor sinners.’ She said. ‘To save the future ones, Our Lord wishes to estab­lish in the world devotion to my Immaculate Heart.’
“The beams of Light from Her hands again engulfed the children. Mary’s face was close to the children when She spoke. Her eyes were still deep blue and soft when she said, ‘I speak to you now of future things. I came to ask for the Consecration of Russia to My Immaculate Heart. If the Pope and all of his Bishops had honored my request by 1960, Russia would have been consecrated and there would be peace between My children and the evil one's. But Russia was never consecrated and the er­rors of its ways spread throughout the world; most people now believe those errors, and have fallen away from the Faith. The chastisement now must come.’
“‘But all is not lost. In the end, My Immaculate Heart will triumph because another Pope and his Bishops will consecrate Russia to Me. Russia, the nation, will be conse­crated, Christianity will be one, East and West, and a time of peace will be given to the world… and during that time, that Holy Father must prepare for the Battle… for it will be at that time that it will come forth….’ From this point on, Mary continued to speak but only Her mouth moved. I strained but could not hear Her words…
“Michael appeared again. He drew his magnificent Sword and flames shot out from the sides of the blade.
“Mary’s face appeared. She only mouthed a few words but I heard Michael cry out, ‘Sins have increased in such number and gravity that there will no longer be pardon for them. That time for Penance is over!’ Michael then faded away.
“A Pope in white appeared, but his face was hidden in his hands and he was sobbing. He was in a small farm­house in the countryside where he was kneeling in front of a long table.
“There were many people outside. Some were throw­ing rocks; others were cursing him. ‘You never made the Consecration and now we starve and die.’ They said in Italian.

“Mary’s face appeared again and She mouthed a few words, but I still couldn’t hear Her.

“Then another image of the same Pope appeared, in Papal whites, standing in St. Peter’s Square. I couldn’t make out his face; it was turned away. The entire Vatican City was in ruins. The dome of St. Peter’s Basilica had collapsed and toppled onto the ground; it leaned to one side.
“The Pope walked along the littered pavement and stopped and knelt. He looked down at the pavement and touched his hand onto the outlines of the bodies of two people etched into the pavement by what could only have been the heat of a nuclear blast.

“Mary’s face appeared again. She said a few words, but only Her lips moved. Her words remained inaudible.

“On the street somewhere on the outskirts of Vatican City, people were crying, mulling about, and hungry. They held out their hands pleading for food. Just as an old man collapsed at the side of a building and died of hunger, the Pope, with his back to me, had gone to him and held him in his arms.

“Mary moved Her lips, but I still couldn’t hear Her words.

“Now the Pope, his back only visible, climbed a steep hill next to the farmhouse with the burning inferno of what was once Rome in the background. The same group of clergy and lay people followed.
“At the top of the hill was a large wood-beamed Cross.
“On his knees with his face hidden, the Pope prayed at the foot of the Cross. Three military helicopters ap­proached the hilltop and hovered about a hundred feet from the Cross. There were military insignias of red stars on the tails of the choppers. I had the strange suspicion they were Russian. The helicopters sprayed the area with machine guns and then turned and flew away. The Pope’s dead body leaned onto the base of the Cross. Then his face turned toward me… and in an instant, I glimpsed his face. It was mine. That Pope was I.
“On the hill what seemed to be a large mirror ap­peared. It reflected a bright burst of Light that blinded me at first. Then I suddenly saw within this Light coming from the mirror the image of a man. He too was dressed in white. He looked like a Pope. I could only make out his eyes. They were thick and glassy. It was almost as if there was a presence within or behind the presence, and it was looking directly at me.

“I jolted and I think I woke. I remember looking around. The apartment was empty. The clock read 3:33 AM. That couldn’t be. I felt like I had been gone for months. I must have laid my head back down on the desk… and the vision continued…

“In the midst of the Light, I saw the children prostrate. They were praying. The Light faded. Mary was gone. The children’s faces were full of awe. Jacinta, the little one, stood and walked away. She became sad and pointed to the sky, ‘The Lady is gone.’ Then she turned to Francisco who had come close to her. She asked him, ‘Why can’t you hear Her words?’
“‘Because I am the people in the future from whom the bad Catholics will withhold Her words.’ I was amazed at his answer. It made such an impression on me because he said it so distinctly while he stared up at the sky. I felt like he was speaking directly to me.
“She got up even closer to Francisco and whispered, ‘But why won’t they tell them what She said?’
“‘Because there are good Catholics and there are bad Catholics,’ he answered. ‘…And if the bad Catholics told the good Catholics Her words it would reveal whom the bad Catholics really were… But one day, there will be a Holy Father who will remind the good Catholics conse­crated to Mary who are able to understand what She has written in their hearts… He will break out of its dor­mancy the Fatima Code that She has intentionally hidden within Her censored words knowing one day that the Fatima Code would be revealed to Her bravest children of Her Ark…’

"Francisco turned and looked past Jacinta and di­rectly into my eyes, ‘Her Ark is the Church’s survival camps! Her Ark will keep Her bravest children safe. Build them in the remote areas all over the world. You have been given the time to establish them … but you must hurry!’ He turned to his left and pointed to the sky with his left hand. ‘They are about to inflict upon the world,’ he looked back at me and said, ‘the Laydown. Never put the Code to words. Let it reside only in the unspo­ken language within the hearts of those consecrated to Her.’

“Did you get that? What do you make of it? The vi­sion went on.

“The lightning flashed… the thunder sounded…

“In a cold, almost sterile convent room with a solitary barred window, a writing desk, a chair and a wood Cruci­fix hanging on the wall behind the desk, the oldest girl from Fatima, Lucia, a nun now, she was sitting at the small writing desk in the middle of the room. Sister Lucia dressed in a nun’s black and white habit, sat at her desk and wrote on a single piece of paper. On the desk beside her was a book labeled: Notebook. Lucia finished writing, folded the Letter, and placed it in an envelope. She sealed the envelope with red wax and let the wax cool. On the front of the envelope it read, ‘By express order of Our Lady, this envelope can only be opened in 1960.’ She then placed the sealed envelope into the Note­book.

“A loud knocking sound on the door to her room oc­curred. It echoed strangely off the bare walls. She got up from the desk, picked up the Notebook and slowly walked to the door. She made another loud sound as she walked. There were leg irons attached to her ankles be­neath her habit. She dragged a chain with metal weights along the wood floor. It made a noisy clanging sound … like pots and pans being dragged.
“Sister Lucia got to the door. I could hear the sound of a key unlocking the door from outside. The door opened. Sister Lucia was startled. The person who opened the door was a nun who looked exactly like Lucia. The other nun abruptly took the Notebook out of her hand and left. The door was closed and again locked from the outside.
“The poor, isolated nun walked to the barred window dragging her chain and leg irons along the floor. She got to the window and looked out through the bars. Tears ran down her round, colorless cheeks. She sighed pitifully and said, ‘The operation of error… has already begun.’ She then moaned loudly and it echoed all around me.

“Another flash of lightning… and the growl of thunder…

“The vision continued. The peals of thunder seemed to morph into the sound of a church bell ringing at the Vatican. It must have been late at night. Saint Peter’s Square was otherwise quiet.
“In the sitting room of a much older Papal Apartment, on a desk, I saw a personal safe. Then I saw only a man’s left hand, with a heavily starched white cuff and the black sleeve of a priest’s jacket. He opened the safe door, reached inside and took out a file marked: Fatima. Inside the file was Lucia’s Letter. On the front of the Letter was written: ‘By express order of Our Lady, this envelope can only be opened in 1960.’ The red wax seal had been long broken and the paper had aged considerably. With his right hand, a single page written in Portuguese in Lucia’s handwriting was taken out of the envelope. On the ring finger of his hand was a gold ring with a black onyx stone. Outlined on the stone in gold filigree was a blackbird. The two legs of an opened compass joined at the bottom by a pivot enclosed the stone. Gold Cyrillic letters interspersed with Russian motif, encircled the com­pass spelling the word—DROZDOV. I’m familiar with this ring. I’ve seen it before, but I don’t remember where.
“The right hand used a stylish gold lighter that had a hammer and sickle engraved on it. It was the insignia of the USSR. The lighter was struck and its flame began to burn the Letter. The almost burnt Letter was dropped into a dish. Once the Letter turned to ashes, the envelope was burnt.
“The empty file was then placed back into the safe and the safe was locked. I never saw who it was that de­stroyed it.

“Again the lightning flashed… and the thunder rum­bled…
“There was a dark drizzle on a cold night. It was Moscow’s Red Square… I briefly saw the Kremlin wall behind the open square.

“Then I was in a dimly-lit room. By the looks of the gaudy furniture and paintings on the wall, I thought I was in an ancient Russian Palace belonging to one of the Tsars. There were several owls perched high, close to the ceiling. A group of fifteen was seated at a large round table. On the table, place cards identified six Russians, one of whom was listed as ‘The General’, whose forty-something appearance and demeanor resembled that of Vladimir Lenin, the mastermind of the 1917 communist revolution in Russia. He once said that the loss of three quarters of the world’s population would be a good thing… so long as the surviving quarter was communist.
“Place cards identified the remaining ones only as six Red Chinese oligarchs, two U.S. Military Operatives and one American Cardinal. I couldn’t see any of their faces except the General’s. Wearing dark suits, they sat at the table in a deadly serious séance. There was one vacant chair at the round table.
“In a bizarre ritual, fifteen bloodstained knives lined the table, while black candles burned dimly in a circle around a red star about a pentacle, propped up in the cen­ter of the table. Quietly they bled into a chalice that once passed around was ceremoniously dripped over the red star after each pass… Wearing the gold ring with the Blackbird, the American Cardinal whose face was still hidden took the knife and cut the palm of his hand. Then they broke out into some kind of a satanic chant. They were saying, ‘Come into us, great prince of the world.’ … ‘Magnificent one, we have had the young ones sacrificed to you.’ … ‘Come into us.’ … ‘We re­nounce forever the Father-God, His Son, and His Ghost.’ ‘Come into us, genius of the good.’ … ‘Let us be one with you.’ … ‘Join our thoughts to yours.’ ‘Help us.’ … ‘They are demolishing our great city.”… ‘They are destroy­ing our marketplace.’ … ‘They seek to take away our power.’ … 'They seek to unite the East and West into One Church.' … ‘Join with us to stop them.’ … ‘You are our one last hope.’ … ‘Come into us.’ …
“I heard an eerily smooth sounding voice, saying, ‘I am with you now. I will unite you through one of your own and we shall be complete … I in him … and he in me … and you in us.’
“In unison, they replied, ‘We place the military ar­senal of Russia at your command, satan, lord and prince of this world … Help us to crush the people. There are too many of them. Help us to take out their power.’ With that, the electric lights went out and only the light of the black candles remained, flickering and reflecting off their deadly serious faces.
“I don’t know if this was symbolic or an actual event; but, in either case, one thing is certain—it was clearly a particular group of very powerful ruling elites who had acquiesced to satanism.

“A flash of lightning… and the sound of thunder again occurred…

“This time a black luxury American SUV emerged from the main gate of the Kremlin. Its tires shot out a thin mist as it sped past the colorfully lit up domes of the Russian Orthodox Church—St. Basil’s Cathedral in Moscow.
“The black SUV drove down a crowded avenue in the center of Moscow’s seedier nightlife. It pulled up to the entrance of a club. Valets ran around and opened all the limo’s doors. Dressed in black, like chauffeurs, the driver and one other stepped out of the front seat. They scanned the area thoroughly then moved to the rear doors and nodded the all clear.
“Two top Russian military officers in uniform climbed out. One was a military attaché of the other mid­dle-aged man, whose military decoration indicated a Russian General. He looked similar to the same General who was at the séance—the Lenin look-alike. He was balding. His hairline only came to the middle of his head and from there back he had short, dark brown stubble. He had bright, piercing eyes and a sly grin that seemed to be permanently attached to his lips, which were nestled be­neath a manicured moustache connected to a full goatee. His pale, determined face had a menacing look about it. He appeared to be smiling ever so slightly.
“A small medallion in the shape of a red star fell out of the sky and attached itself to the General’s chest.
“The chauffeurs pulled open the entrance doors to the club for the military officers to enter. ‘This way, General,’ they each said. At once, the noise from inside the club blared.
“The Group moved through the crowd and headed to the back door. As those in the crowd spotted them ap­proaching, they moved back in fear and made way for them to pass. At the back of the club, off to the side, were two black doors, guarded by two very large and thug-like doormen. They automatically opened the doors when the Group approached.
“The Group entered into a dingy, dark area where hun­dreds of Russian women were lined up, single-filed, waiting to go down a dark and winding staircase. The women, very young to middle-aged, rich and poor alike, moved to one side to let the Group proceed down the stairs. They moved quickly down the stairs and several landings, passing up the long trail of Russian women.
“After descending to the last landing, the Group came to a set of stainless steel doors. The Driver and his Assis­tant opened the doors into an enormous warehouse like factory. Row after row of thousands of operating tables lined the floor, and medical techs in green scrubs busily walked about.
“On the tables were Russian women undergoing abor­tions. The occasional whizzing sounds of vacuums could not drown out the random screams of the female patients. Their sorrowful moans and cries were con­stantly heard as the medical techs shouted out orders to one another in Russian.

“For the first time I saw abortion in a totally different light. I saw it for what it really is. For me there’s no doubt about it. I am certain now that like the modern equiv­alent of some ancient Aztec ritual, organized abor­tion has become the black altar of human sacrifice to satan. Only this time, it’s not confined to the jungles of Mexico. It is global, and as a result, it has been setting the stage for the Release of the Beast.

“The Group walked down the center of the facility to­wards another door all the way in the rear. The body of an aborted six-month-old baby boy dropped onto the floor in the path of the General as he walked by. The liv­ing human body was still moving. Its eyes were closed and it had a tuft of gray hair at the front of his baldhead. The General saw it; bent down and picked it up. Every­one turned to look. He raised it up into the air for every­one to see. Doctors and nurses rushed to gather around it, making sounds of praise and adulation. The General handed it to a female doctor. The baby opened its eyes. At first, they were very dark blue, and then they morphed into the pale blue eyes of a goat.
“As the General began to walk past the operating ta­ble from which the baby had fallen, he glanced at a goat standing on the table, held by a nurse, wearing an ancient nun’s uniform, a red star around her neck and an ID pin with her name—Jezebel… She smiled at him… He nod­ded his head and walked on….

“I’m sure you know what that means.

“They reached a stainless steel door at the back of the abortion mill.
“The General moved to a small box at the side of the door, entered a code, slid a card through the reader, and pressed his thumb onto another reader. The dead bolts snapped open.
“Once through the brushed-steel door, there was a tun­nel chamber leading to the ancient black iron door Michael had locked earlier in the vision. The vision had taken me full circle. It had become an ancient area of chi­seled stone, darkened by passing centuries of dripping rancid water from the surface up above. At one end of the chamber, the Group walked past hundreds of old, black iron spiral staircases that led high into the darkness.
“The Group proceeded to the door. As they ap­proached it, Michael appeared. He held the key. He in­serted it into the dim red light coming through the key­hole and turned it. An ancient clang was heard as he un­locked the door. Then, Michael disappeared.
“The first crack of the door’s opening let out a hot, foul wind, black smoke and the faint sounds of distant howls. They worked the heavy metal door open, scraping it over the cobblestones. They pushed it back far enough to pass through.
“Immediately, they became hot and began sweating. Once inside they stepped onto a surface of one tunnel that moderately sloped down toward another tunnel—a tunnel perpendicular to it and descending deeply. It too was cut out of the black rock. They stood on the black surface and waited. Demonic sounds of screeching and howling were getting louder.
“A hundred yards down towards the end of the tunnel was an opening to a large cavern lit by a brighter red glow that appeared to be coming from the burning black rock on a distant fiery horizon. At the mouth of the ca­vern below, there was movement. Dark things –demons– moved about. They gathered at the end and inched their way cautiously up the tunnel. Some climbed and moved along the sides of the tunnel walls. The demonic sounds grew louder.
“Suddenly, they screeched and howled as they scat­tered and moved aside to make a path and their sounds became eerie whispers. From the depths of the red glow of the cavern, a figure appeared—silhouetted at first. It moved on all fours and its emerald green eyes began to glow. Its large feet were padded and oversized, out of proportion to the rest of its body. Its mouth was the mouth of a dinosaur—a young raptor. It dragged its chains as it walked. But as it moved up the incline to­wards the Group, its head and face transformed from the distinct face of one human individual, to another and then another. Finally, at the tenth transformation, it was the face and body of Vladimir Illyich Lenin, which was very similar to the General’s own face and body.
“He stopped and threw off his chains. The echoing howl of demonic delight thundered. The sweating Gen­eral nervously smiled, as the dark form of Lenin got closer. The rest of the Group was scared but approving. Lenin got up into the General’s face and said to him, ‘I will make you forever great.’ All at once, he entered the General’s body and disappeared within him.
"The General’s body recoiled at first; then straigh­tened and appeared to be taller, with thick, glassy eme­rald green eyes and pupils that had a dull red glow. The demons became delirious. Their howls reached a fevered pitch.
“Almost immediately, the General took on a more com­manding presence. He was not only taller but surer of himself, and his likeness was clearly that of Lenin him­self. With one hand, he beckoned into the mass of demons. Six dark, imposing creatures stepped forward and took on the appearance of men whom they must have previously possessed. They must have been very power­ful fallen angels with human appearances. I heard the Gen­eral say, ‘They are my Exterminans.’ He had a raspy sounding voice. All six were overpowering, very dark, and devious characters, wearing long, black leather coats. Just below their left earlobes, there was a strange scar in the shape of a small scorpion.
"The General welcomed them one by one as he an­nounced their names: ‘Sergei’, balding with a round face, arched eyebrows and overconfident eyes; ‘Yakov,’ a large nose, slightly protruding lips and the businesslike demeanor of a cheap hood; ‘Matvei,’ a full head of curly hair, distracted eyes, a furrowed brow with the confused look of a cold blooded killer; ‘Lazar,’ a full head of black hair, downcast eyes and the look of some backroom deal maker; ‘Genrikh,’ a mild mannered appearance with shifty eyes and a mouth that looked as if it could convin­cingly speak out of both sides; and finally there was ‘Naftaly.’ The General referred to him as ‘my dear friend.’ He wore a cap from the Russian Navy with the word: ‘Solovki’ stitched on the front. I remember reading somewhere that Solovki was a notorious Russian gulag, a concentration camp.
“They all turned and walked back to the door. Thou­sands of demons fell in line and slowly followed, up the tunnel and out through the opened black iron door, all marching in cadence.
“The General led and the rest of the Group followed and they all proceeded to one of the spiral staircases. Going up a few steps, the General turned to the Exterminans and nodded his head. The Exterminans in turn left through the doors to the abortion mill and on out and above into the streets of Moscow.
“The General and the rest of the Group climbed the spiral staircase high into the darkness. The demons fol­lowed. The demons then took to all of the spiral stair­cases. Thousands of them flooded the staircases and climbed in a continuous military like procession. Their hooves thundered in cadence up the metal stairs. Am­bient howls abounded as the endless procession of de­mons came through the iron door and went up the twist­ing stairs.

“There was again a flash of lightning… and the sound of thunder…

“I was standing outside. I saw an Electrical Regional Substation with the name plaque: “Omaha, Nebraska,” on top of a hill overlooking the lights of the city, which was all lit up at night. Signs were all about warning of extreme high voltage. No one was there. The only sound was the hum of pulsating high voltage electric current. In the middle of the entire substation area, on the ground, was an oversized stainless steel manhole cover, shaped like an oversized submarine hatch. Its wheel locking me­chanism began to turn.
“When the wheel stopped turning, the hatch was raised and the General began to climb out. Then the rest of the Group followed. They moved forward and thou­sands of demons poured out of the opening in the ground.
“The General and his Group walked through thou­sands of demons, who respectfully made way for them. The demons were somehow transformed. They had the horse like shapes of small dinosaurs, with teeth of raptors, the faces of men, hair of women and tails of scorpions and serpents. They continued to flow out of the open­ing… by the thousands.
“They all reached a giant Regional Transformer that was as large as a four story building. On the side of the transformer was a control panel. The General looked up into the night sky where, in the light of a pale moon, a missile appeared; it was descending from somewhere high in the atmosphere. It had the face of a dragon and left a long white trail of smoke.
The General opened the panel doors on the side of the transformer. Inside was an oversized master switch. He grabbed the handle and forcefully pulled it. The mis­sile exploded high in the air in an orange fireball. All the lights in the Substation went out. The sound of the hum of flowing electricity ceased.
“Then the electric grids of the city below went out. The light from the moon slowly dimmed by about a third of its usual brightness and it became pale red. It all ended with the bazaar sounds of demons howling deliriously in the darkness.”
2
The Awakening 
Papal Apartment, Kitchen early morning:
“A final flash of lightning and the sound of thunder woke me from the vision. I sat staring for a moment out of my window into the darkness. I looked at the clock. I couldn’t believe it was still only 3:33 AM.
“I had to move quickly. That’s the way it is with these visions. When I write them down right away, I re­tain them in their freshest form. So I turned my laptop on and began to write. When I finished, I looked it over and emailed it to both of you.
“I then got up from my desk and went to bed. It was 4:45. I was still exhausted… only more so. I switched off the lights and climbed into bed. The last thing I remem­ber was praying: ‘Maybe in the morning, Lord, You’ll help me to understand… just… what it all means…’” Kefa said, all the while looking at the screen of his laptop as he sat at the long white table in the kitchen of his Papal Apartment.
When he looked up from his laptop, he was still ri­veted to the thoughts contained within his account of the previous night’s vision. He continued to be somewhat oblivious to his surroundings. He had gone over in his head and had read and reread his notes on the vision for quite some time that morning after having slept for only a couple of hours.
For Kefa, the newly appointed warrior Pope, the vi­sion depicted a battle plan. He took to it like a lion stalk­ing his prey. He was literally waking the long dormant code like parable given to the children of Fatima.
He sat across from Frank and Maria, his two most trusted friends, at the simple white wooden table that had been in the Papal Apartment’s kitchen for well over a hundred years. The long table was alongside the wall with the only window in the room. The weathered green shutters were closed. Kefa sat across from the window.
“What do you make of it?” Frank, sitting across from him, said. The kitchen with its white tiled floor and walls, and pots and pans hanging on a rack from the ceiling and a large butcher-block table in the middle of the floor was otherwise quiet. The kitchen help had been earlier dis­missed.
Kefa turned from his thoughts. He looked over at Frank and logged off his laptop, closed it and slid it to the side. He stirred his coffee, took a sip and set his cup back down on the kitchen table. He took his glasses off and held them by the tip of the temple. They swung back and forth in his hand. “I think it lays out the parameters of the battlefield quite specifically.” He smiled with a slick, almost mischievous grin on his face.
“I made some notes,” Frank said pointing to a couple of pages of notes scribbled in what was for everyone else but him illegible scratch.
Maria was sitting next to Frank. She was still reading over the email on her laptop, which Kefa had sent to both of them depicting the many details of his dream. Every once in a while she wrote something down onto a yellow legal notepad.
Kefa had only been Pope for a little more than seven­teen weeks, but he was already feeling the enormous weight of the Vatican ruling apparatus bearing down on him around the clock. He was under constant surveil­lance but he wasn’t quite certain who exactly was behind it all… though he did have one or two suspects in mind.
They used the kitchen because it was clean—clean, that is, of security cameras and listening devices. It was the only bug free environment in the whole Papal Apart­ment complex. Located on the fourth floor of the Apos­tolic Palace, it consisted of seven rooms, including a pri­vate library, a medical suite, dining room, and the Pope’s corner bedroom. The reason the kitchen was clean was twofold: not only had Frank swept it before every use just to make sure there were no listening devices, but also no previous Pope in the modern Vatican era had ever used the kitchen. They had all preferred to be waited on hand and foot in the dining room. It was quite the elegant lifestyle his recent predecessors had left him—all of whom had at one time or another claimed to have had given up everything to "the Lord".
But he was “in” and that’s all that mattered. He had never expected to be elected Pope. Most everyone in the College of Cardinals disliked him. He was a believer, an embarrassment. During the course of his ascent to the Office of the Papal See, he was asked to make many prom­ises to many fellow Cardinals that he had refused to make because he knew all along he could never in good conscience keep any of them. He had refused to go along to get along. So it came as a complete surprise why a su­per majority of Cardinals had ever elected him Pope—just four months earlier to the day.
Before they realized what a mistake they had really made in electing him Pope, Kefa was going to get to work immediately serving God’s plan… but what was His plan exactly? Up until two days ago he didn’t know, and then the vision came. At that point, he knew right away, what he had to do and that he had to do it fast. Af­ter all, this was war. He and his two most trusted compa­nions, Frank and Maria, had successfully gotten behind enemy lines. Suddenly they were in precisely the right place at precisely the right moment in time, with pre­cisely the right plan of attack—the Fatima Code.
“Well one thing’s for certain. We know what the Purge is. It’s a global Electromagnetic Pulse Laydown… a global EMP attack.” Frank knew that a global Electromag­netic Pulse Laydown could be caused by high altitude nuclear detonations that would have no apparent physical damage other than frying all electronic circuits resulting in the complete shutdown of entire civilian elec­trical grids. Bottom-line—no electricity for years… No cell phones, no cars, no trucks, no running water, none of it… for most of the entire civilized world—no infrastructure whatsoever.
"We now know also that the global elites were behind the overthrow of the Great Russian President who was restoring Christianity to Russia and enabling the Eastern Church to seriously jeopardize the Roman Church's hold on the Keys of the Kingdom."
Kefa didn’t reply to Frank; he was again lost in his own thoughts.
Frank Ward, the fifty-two year old American Priest, was certain of his conclusion, beyond any reasonable doubt, as to the use of EMP in the vision. That part of the vision was easy for him to understand. He had held a PHD in Quantum Optics, a specialized research field of Physics. When he had finished his Masters in Physics, he received the Call. He went to the same seminary as Kefa and was in the same class. After he was ordained, he re­sumed his studies in Physics and received his doctorate. It was then that he had created one specialized field of experimentation and research in the combined fields of Physics and Theology. He called it—Quantum Theology. He was tall and lanky with long features and always a broad friendly smile, and soft-spoken. He was a close friend to Kefa and as Kefa climbed the clerical ladder, he remained always his only “Chief of Staff,” so to speak, his closest friend and associate.
The rest of Kefa’s staff consisted only of Sister Maria, whom both Priests had met about ten years earlier while on an archeological dig in the ancient city of Hebron, Israel. Maria, 32, a strikingly beautiful Rumanian with long light brown, golden hair that came down past her shoulders, bright blue eyes, and fair features was study­ing at l’Ecole Biblique in Jerusalem at that time. During the summers, she would earn her tuition as a high fashion runway model in Milan and Paris. She spoke fluent French and good English with just a trace of her native Rumanian accent. It was on the Hebron dig where she had received her Call.
She held a rigorous devotion to Mary as outlined in the early eighteenth century by the little-known St. Louis Marie Grignion De Montfort. Kefa, a fellow Devotee, as was Frank, was so inspired by her advancement in the Devotion that he had helped her establish a religious or­der of Nuns, called the Order of the True Devotion to Mary. However, to date, Maria and another young woman, Sister Catherine, were the only Nuns ever to enroll in the Order. Maria had been on Kefa’s staff for almost seven years and, like Frank, she answered only to Kefa.
“A global nuclear EMP attack,” Frank said again and smiled at Maria as he tried to pry Kefa away from his thoughts.
“That thought had already crossed my mind,” Kefa, 54, said with a smile of agreement. He grew up on the lower Westside of New York. His father and two broth­ers were longshoremen. He had worked the docks during summer breaks from school. Kefa was the nickname he had picked up in the seminary. It’s the Hebrew word for Peter and it can mean rock solid.
It was toward the end of his third year at West Point when he received his Call. He loved soldiering, but he was called to a somewhat different application of mili­tary science than what the Point had had in mind. Even when he was a plebe, his classmates swore he was the reincarnation of General Patton. His mannerisms, determi­nation, discipline, and sheer love of the battlefield were remarkably similar. It was uncanny. He even looked like the blood-and-guts general only more so the older he got.
When he had left, the Point to go to the Seminary at the end of his third year as a Cadet, his friends at the Point had gotten together and had given him a going away present—an ivory handled .380 automatic pistol with a shoulder holster. It was only a joke at first, but Kefa never parted with it and upon becoming Pope, he always wore it under his cassock and always slept with it under his pillow. Not only had he read many of the accounts of his predecessor’s, John Paul’s, premature death, but also, generally speaking, Kefa was a very cautious fellow.

“How much time do we have?” Frank asked.

“We’ve got to move fast. We’re going to have to wade into it immediately, Frank,” Kefa said studying the wire frame of his glasses. “It’s definitely global. Red Chinese, Russians, Americans, Europeans—you don’t get any more global than that.” Kefa was now fully en­gaged in the conversation.
Maria, wearing a veil that partially covered her light brown hair, and a simple gold Cross around her neck that hung over her dark blue dress looked over her notes, “It seems the Consecration of Russia is key, but Her Ark must be established first.”
“Exactly,” Kefa put his glasses back on and was handed Maria’s legal pad. He scanned her notes. “Yes. Precisely. The words of Fatima have been nuanced in the vision… and there is even reference to Akita.”
The three were very familiar with Mary’s apparitions at Fatima, Portugal, and Akita, Japan. On October 13, Mary had appeared in Akita, which was fifty miles from the epicenter of the devastating 2011 earthquake. At Akita, Mary warned of the “chastisement” to come be­cause the Church had become full of people willing to “compromise” their Faith. On a previous October Thirteenth, back in 1917, Mary had made another appearance. It was Her final appearance in Fatima where She had again warned of the same chastisement to come. She had said a coming purge of the hierarchy of the Catholic Church would encompass the entire world and would come about because of the spread of the “errors of Russia’s ways.” It was the seed of these “errors” which germinated the “compromise” Mary had spoken of in the message of Akita, and which would lead to the eventual “falling away” from the universal Faith prophesied by Christ Himself when He had asked whether or not any­one would even recognize Him at the time of His return.
Kefa looked beyond the notepad into Maria’s watch­ful stare. “I see you noted that even in the dream I couldn’t hear a portion of Mary’s words at Fatima. Well, we know the reason for that.”
The three knew full well that for fear of incriminating themselves, many of the more powerful in the Catholic hierarchy had since 1917 persistently suppressed Mary’s message at Fatima hoping the memory of that message would somehow fade away and the people would forget. Even Kefa was kept in the dark concerning Her words. The Vision confirmed that the Letter containing Her words to the Fatima seer, Sister Lucia, had long since been destroyed.
“Just as they withheld Her words from us, we must with­hold the Fatima Code from them. Never put the Code into words. Let it remain written only in the hearts of Her bravest ones who will enter into Her Ark,” Kefa said. “They are the ones who can understand the unspeaka­ble language that is hidden in the Wisdom of Her missing words. There are many things that pass by in the night, but they can read our thoughts only if we allow them. Don’t speak the Code’s words aloud, or they may hear with their ears and be warned.”

“What do you make of the séance?” Frank asked.

“They’re calling it up! They’re actually calling it up. Fools! They have no idea how powerful an entity it is… and on top of all of that, they’re giving it access to the entire Russian arsenal… God help us all…”
Both Frank and Maria knew that Kefa’s “it” was none other than satan.

Kefa leaned back in his chair and rubbed his chin, “I think I know now what Her Ark is. It’s a series of camps… survival camps… spread out in remote areas all over the world. My God, it’s just as Augustine said it would be—sixteen hundred years ago! The Church is going to become a series of military encampments!” Kefa was clearly excited at the prospect of a military con­frontation. “I really think it’s definitely going to be released this time, you two.”
There was a pause. “Yes,” Frank simply stated in his usual easygoing, confident way, “Finally.”
“God’s going to let us see first hand, just how big a son of a…” He held his tongue, “…just how big an adver­sary it is that His vastly outnumbered little Church has conquered.”
Maria grinned. She was used to Kefa’s informal way of expression.
“We’re going to have to move fast. Set up the camps—Mary’s Ark.” He paused and looked up at the ceiling. “That’s what I think I’ll call them. I think I’ll call the whole network of camps—the Mark… for Mary’s Ark. I kind of like that. What do you two think?” He looked at both of them waiting for their approval.
“To the Mark,” Frank raised his coffee cup and then tapped each of their raised cups with his own.
“To the Mark,” Kefa and Maria said joining in and making the toast.
“Ahm… Who do you think this General is?” Maria asked with her usual sincerity and her slight Rumanian accent. She put her cup down and looked carefully at Kefa.
“Haven’t figured that one out yet,” Kefa answered thoughtfully. “But I do have an idea who the Cardinal is.” He then said with a twinkle in his eye and got up from the table. “What do you say we walk on down the hall and see if we can find out what ever became of that Let­ter.”

Frank and Maria got up from the table.

On the way out the door, Kefa turned to Maria, “We’ll need properties for the Mark—remote parcels… in various places around the globe. And another place not far from the Vatican as sort of a command center… away from the all seeing eye, if you know what I mean. See if you can find a house in the countryside… maybe a farm­house… inconspicuous, low profile. I don’t want to draw any attention to what we’re about to do.”

“Done,” Maria nodded her head.
“Oh, and see if you can get one with a hill.”
“A hill?”
“Yeah, you know… kind of like a knob off to the side.”
“A knob,” she smiled and her eyes flashed wide.

Kefa turned to Frank who was walking up from be­hind, “I think it’s time to go to the Laundromat. Don’t you?” he said, referring to the Vatican Bank. The six-foot-nine, lanky cleric looked slightly down at Kefa and asked, “How much?” He was nine inches taller than Kefa, who was the same height as Maria: six foot.
“Oh… for a start… I’d say enough to get the Mark up and running at a cost of two per Mark.”
“Seven forty, seven fifty?”
Kefa raised his head, “That’ll do… for a start.” He knew Frank was referring to a monetary denomination. He was referring specifically to the number of millions in American dollars.
“No problem,” Frank said softly as the three left the kitchen. Frank had an excellent command of computer languages, especially Assembly, a machine language that allowed him to create a back door into any operating sys­tem at boot up of an individual session of intrusion… which back door would then disappear without a trace upon shutdown of the same session. In a matter of only weeks after Kefa was elected Pontiff, Frank had tho­roughly analyzed, broken down, and reverse engineered the programming code of the Vatican Banking system. Kefa was “in” in more ways than one.
3
Safe Keeper 
Rome, Vatican – morning:
Along the way from the Papal Apartment Complex to the office of the Vatican Secretariat of State, was a long vestibule that was about twenty-feet-wide. Windows with ceiling-to-floor drapes, which were pulled wide open, lined one wall of the hallway. On the opposite wall were hung many large, old masterpieces in ornate frames. Even though highly wrought gold filigree wood and plas­ter trim had been applied to both walls all the way back in the seventeenth century, the overall appearance had held up considerably well.
One painting, about fifteen feet tall, portrayed a scene out of the Book of the Apocalypse—Chapter 3, verse 16, in which the Apostle spoke of the Church of Laodicea: “But because thou art lukewarm and neither cold nor hot, will I begin to vomit thee out of my mouth.” Though it blended in with the other Italian Renaissance paintings, it became particularly remarkable when a group of five cler­ics who had been slowly walking down the hallway, paused alongside it. The group was part of a new govern­ing body established at the Vatican—the Ecumenical Dele­gation for the Universal Faith. It consisted of five of its leaders: Cardinal Leo Rodriquez of the Archdiocese of Los Angeles, a young protestant minister who called himself, pastor Bob, from New York, a Buddhist monk, a Russian orthodox priest, and Cardinal Spaak of the Archdiocese of Vienna. Rodriquez was tall, about 65, white hair that was dyed black and eyes that shifted con­stantly. Spaak, a man in his sixties, had dark sunken eyes and walked with a slight hunch. Both Cardinals wore cus­tom tailored suits and looked like corporate execu­tives. The others were stereotypical. Huddled together in a tightly formed group, they were each engaged in quiet conversation. They raised their heads in unison when the Pope approached.
In the lower part of the painting, just above the heads of the five clerics, Jesus was portrayed almost life-sized. He was bent over and about to wretch. He had His head turned down toward the bottom of the portrait. The angle of where the group of clerics was standing relative to the painting aligned directly with Jesus’ face and particularly with His open mouth.
It was at that moment that it could have been said that the old masterpiece had actually become a work of living art, and it was also at that very moment that Kefa, Frank, and Maria approached just in time to experience its full, perhaps unintended, effect. The clerics stayed where they were and greeted the Pope, but much too cordially. Kefa only smiled and kept walking. He looked back at Frank and Maria, who were grinning from ear to ear. Maria caught Kefa’s eye and quickly stared up at the painting and back at Kefa, who looked at what she was indicating.
As soon as Kefa had spotted it, he stopped just a little beyond the group, turned and looked again at the paint­ing; he looked at the clerics, and looked back again at the smiling faces of Frank and Maria. “God help us!” he said aloud to Maria and Frank. He laughed, turned, and kept walking. “God help us all,” he said shaking his head. His voice echoed throughout the hall.
The clerics were nonplussed. They resumed walking in the opposite direction of the Pope. As they walked beyond the painting, the title plaque could be seen at the bottom of the frame. It read, “Jesus Vomits out a Luke­warm Church.”
Each of the Secretariat’s glass entrance doors had a title written in gold lettering—Vatican Secretariat of State. The entrance was larger and more formidable than the entrance to the Papal Apartment Complex. The secu­rity desk at the entrance was run by plain-clothes guards. Most everyone was wearing a security badge.
The door was held wide open by two guards when Kefa, Frank, and Maria approached. They entered. Al­most everyone turned to look but then resumed whatever it was that they were doing. Kefa walked past the secu­rity desk into a hallway leading to a series of offices.
“Uh, Holy Father, are you expected?” a nondescript fe­male guard called out.
Kefa looked back at Frank; shook his head and kept walking. “God help us,” he said aloud.
Frank and Maria likewise ignored the guard and fol­lowed Kefa. The guard stood there behind the reception desk not knowing what to say.
They reached the office of the Cardinal Secretary of State and entered its double doors. It was a well-deco­rated modern office suite with no windows. Seated at the oversized oak desk was Cardinal Dimonah, the Cardinal Secretary of State. On the wall behind him was a large, meaningless, wire sculpture of a horse.
Harold Dimonah was fifty-seven and an American. He wore a dark, custom-tailored suit, designer eyeglasses, a razor cut of graying hair, and manicured nails. His dark brown eyes appeared as if he wore a very thick pair of contact lenses in addition to his glasses. On his hand―a solitary gold ring with the lettering DROZDOV encir­cling a black stone with a blackbird filigreed in gold and set between the two open legs of a compass joined at the bottom by a pivot. When Kefa spotted the ring, Dimonah immediately tried to conceal it by shuffling the papers on his desk.
“Your Holiness, I wasn’t expecting you,” Dimonah said almost indignantly with a New York City accent, upper Westside to be sure. He didn’t get up.
Another Cardinal, Cardinal Robare, French, sixty-six, short and sort of roly-poly with protruding front teeth, got up from a brown high back leather upholstered chair, “Holy Father,” he said with an unusually toothy grin. He was the Secretary of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith and next in line to Dimonah.
“Gentlemen,” Kefa nodded and then turned to Dimonah, “What ever happened to Sister Lucia’s Letter containing the Third Secret?” Kefa asked bluntly… but with a smile.
“Fatima is ancient history, Anthony. You know that.” The Cardinal smirked. Anthony Scanapicco was Kefa’s given name.
“What happened to it, Cardinal?”
With a perfunctory disregard, Dimonah ignored Kefa and told Frank, “Father Francis, he has a ten thirty appoint­ment with the Ecumenical Delegation. He needs to get ready for it now.”
Frank just stared down at him with a blank expres­sion on his face at first. He then glanced over at Kefa and back at Dimonah. He shook his head slightly; smiled confi­dently and wouldn’t answer Dimonah. They ob­viously had a lot to learn about Kefa, Frank thought.
Maria stood to the side of them all and carefully ob­served.
“You are aware of that. Aren’t you, Francis?” Dimonah, being smarmy, pressed Frank.
Frank still wouldn’t reply. He only glanced over at Kefa out of the side of his eyes.
Kefa looked steadily down at Dimonah, “I asked you a question,” he said under his breath. His teeth were clenched on one side and he barely moved his lips.
Frank was biting the side of his mouth trying to keep from grinning.
“We don’t have time for that now, Anthony. Have you looked over the speech I sent you?” Dimonah noncha­lantly shuffled some more papers about on his desk as if he was looking for a copy of the speech.
Kefa bent down and slammed his fist onto the pile of pa­pers and then got right up into Dimonah’s face and growled, “The Letter!”
Surprised by his sudden outburst, Dimonah pulled back and answered at once, “I don’t know.”
“The safe, then; it was in a safe… a personal safe be­longing to a few of my predecessors. Where is that safe?” Kefa’s eyes pierced Dimonah’s and, for a moment, Kefa thought he had detected from behind the Cardinal’s eyes a presence within a presence.
Dimonah quickly looked away and snapped, “Just who the hell do you think you are?” Dimonah’s cold words emerged from a genuine concern. He suddenly rea­lized he didn’t know this Pope. It became quite clear to him then that Kefa was not what he had had in mind when he, realizing only now, had mistakenly insisted that the College cast their votes for him, thinking all along that he was the easiest of all the candidates to depose. Dimonah was working according to an agenda that was little known to most everyone else in the Vatican.
Kefa leaned further in and with a smile spoke into Dimonah’s ear, so only Dimonah could hear. “I’m not the bumbling American fool you had me pegged for. I’m not who you think I am... and I’m not going to play figure­head for you and the rest of your pack of wolves. You’ve got the real thing this time, Your Eminence… and this time…” His smile disappeared and his voice was filled with sincerity, “I’m on to you.” Kefa leaned back, resumed smiling, and stood straight up.
Dimonah was clearly shaken at first. Then he thought for a moment and asked calmly, “You’re on to me?”
Kefa didn’t try to decipher his cryptic remark. He slammed the top of the desk one more time.
Dimonah’s head jumped back. He spotted Kefa’s hols­tered pistol bulge from the side of his cassock.
Kefa took a deep breath and asked one more time, “Now, where can I find that safe?” He continued to smile.
Dimonah was wincing. He wouldn’t reply.
Suddenly unnerved, Cardinal Robare spoke up and rat­tled off the directions almost without thinking, “That safe was placed into the archives, Holy Father. You’ll find it on the second basement level. It’s in the Archives Department B, East Wing. Ask for Sister Beatrice. If any­one knows where it is, she will.”
“That’s better,” Kefa said turning with a stiff neck and glancing over at Cardinal Robare. Kefa had a snarly look on his face.
Then he turned back to Dimonah and glancing down at him with his eyes down turned, and without bending his neck, he said pointedly, “Oh and by the way, only Frank and I will be saying the Mass this afternoon. And if I’m not there in time to meet the Ecumenical delega­tion, go on without me. You’ll take care of that for me, Harry. Won’t you?” He grinned broadly and then re­sumed smiling only out of one side of his mouth, “You already know the speech, so I’m sure you’ll have no prob­lem giving it.”
As Kefa began to leave, Dimonah’s thick eyes drilled his stare into the back of Kefa’s head.
Kefa suddenly jerked his head around and looked at him straight in the eyes, but didn’t say anything. Kefa’s nostrils flared and flattened against his face. His mouth turned down sharply. He was about to skin Dimonah alive… when Dimonah blinked and looked away.

Kefa, Frank, and Maria headed for the door.

Then Kefa stopped once more. Frank held the door open as Kefa again turned to Dimonah and asked, “By the way, that ring you’re wearing,” he said with a sly grin on his face. “Where exactly did you get it?”
Dimonah looked down at it and turned it around on his finger to cover up the image of the blackbird. He thought for a moment and cagily answered, “A friend of the family gave it to me.”
“Ah, sort of a family heirloom, then,” he nodded his head with a smile and then his smile became a pensive frown. “See to it you take care of that Ecumenical delega­tion. You understand… and don’t go making any­more appointments for me unless you clear it with one of my people first.” He directly ordered Dimonah. “Under­stand.”
“Yes. I understand… fully.” Dimonah answered on a note of defiance.
Kefa just shook his head and turned to leave, “You’re playing with fire, my friend.” He turned and followed Frank and Maria out the door.

***
An elevator door opened onto the second basement level. Frank and Maria walked out and Kefa followed.
“Archives Department B?” Maria asked a passing monk.
“B Archives. Let me see. Yes. Straight down the hall then to your left.”
“Thank you,” Kefa said, but the monk didn’t recog­nize him, dressed as he was in a common black cassock.
“You’re welcome, Father,” the monk said in passing.
They followed the directions and came to Archives B. They went through an old door that opened onto a large room cluttered with bookshelves, artifacts, and boxes and crates. “Hello!” they called out but nobody answered. They walked down the center aisle, stepping over various things in the path.
Frank bent down and picked up a letter encased in a glass frame. “Would you look at this,” he mumbled to himself. “It’s signed by Queen Isabella,” he said looking up at the other two.
Kefa and Maria didn’t bother to look. They kept walk­ing into another area with several rows of ceiling-to-floor shelves.
“What’s that?” Kefa stopped and looked around.
“Sounds like someone humming,” Maria said.
“Hello?” Kefa called.
“I think it’s coming from down here.” Maria turned down between two bookshelves. Kefa followed. At the very end was a short, older nun bending over a cart loaded with books. She kept humming.
“She’s listening to music,” Maria said. “I don’t want to startle her.” The nun was wearing headphones.
“Just tap her lightly on the shoulder,” Kefa said.

Maria made a cautious twist with her lips and tapped the elderly nun gently on the shoulder.

The nun leapt with a yell; dropped the book she was holding; whipped around and slid the headphones off her ears, letting them fall around her neck. “Oh, it’s you Sister. You gave me such a startle.” Maria always wore a veil on the top of her head that managed to cover her long straight hair.
Maria picked up the book she dropped, “I’m very sorry, Sister.”
“Holy Father,” the nun immediately recognized Kefa.
“Sister,” Kefa reached for her hand and held it for a mo­ment. “I’m looking for Sister Beatrice.”
“I am Sister Beatrice,” The little old nun said softly. “If it’s about that fifth century chalice, I can explain.”
Kefa smiled warmly. “No, Sister. I’m looking for some­thing else.”
“Oh? What is it, Holy Father?”
“My predecessors used a safe, a personal safe, which they kept in their room. I believe it contained the Fatima Letter at one time.”

A worried look immediately came over Sister Beatrice’s face. “Yes, I know that safe,” she said hesitantly.
“Do you know where it is, then, Sister?” Frank spoke up.
“Yes, Father. Follow me.”

Sister Beatrice led them to a door in the back where there was a staircase going down. “It’s two flights down. Watch your steps. The lighting isn’t the best.” She looked back at Kefa, “But I’m not complaining, mind you.”
Kefa smiled.
They entered a dark room. Sister Beatrice reached along the wall and flipped the light switch on. The room became dimly illuminated. It was part of an ancient struc­ture. The walls were cut out of stone—part of the original foundation dating all the way back to the time of Constantine. There was such a clutter of antiquities. Most of them, if not all, had never even been catalogued. Sister Beatrice walked through it all, knowing exactly where to go. Against the wall, was a pile of books, boxes, and small crates with excelsior hanging from the sides. She began to pick things off the pile while trying to get to the bottom. “All these years, and you are the first to ask to see it… remarkable.” Finally, she got to the safe. “Ah, here it is.” It was the back of a metal box with wood trim about it. The safe door was turned away. “Perhaps you could help me turn it about.”
“Let me, Sister,” Kefa said climbing past and grab­bing hold of it. He turned it so the door was facing him and tried then to open it. “It would be locked. Do you have any idea what the combination is, Sister?”
The old nun looked away.
“Well that’s just great. Now what do we do?” Kefa scratched his head.

Sister Beatrice raised her hand to her neck and pulled out a necklace with a Marian locket on it. “I’ve kept this. Don’t ask me why. I just always thought… one day… someone would ask me to open it… and here you are… after all these years.” She opened the locket and took out a tiny piece of yellowed paper. She unfolded it and handed the safe’s combination to Kefa.
Kefa seemed a bit surprised that she would have kept it all these years. He bent down and began to turn the combi­nation. He turned the last number, pushed the lever down, and opened the door.
“The Letter’s not there,” Sister Beatrice said meekly.
Kefa pulled out a folder. It was marked “Fatima.” He ex­amined it closely. It was empty. He finished looking at it and handed it to Maria and Frank, “It’s … the same one as in the dream.”
Maria also examined it closely and handed it back to Sister Beatrice. “How did you know the Letter wasn’t there, Sister?”
Sister Beatrice looked down.
Kefa handed her back the paper with the combination written on it. “We’re your friends, Sister. You can trust us.”
Sister Beatrice carefully folded the piece of paper, placed it back into her locket, and slipped it down under her habit. She straightened her habit. “When I was a very young nun, I was assigned to cleaning Paul’s room.”
“Pope Paul?” Kefa asked.
“Yes.” She took a deep breath. “He never liked the safe and never wanted to open it. It was as if he was afraid of something. I think he was afraid of the Letter. I would even go so far as to say that he was terrified by the Letter. A few times, he did have me take it out when I was there. When we were alone in his room, he would ask me to open the safe. He wrote the combination down on that piece of paper and gave it to me. He told me to look after it. He would then have me take the Letter first out of the folder, then out of the envelope, and hold it up for him to see. He wouldn’t handle it. He would just look at it. He couldn’t read Portuguese… until… well… later when it was… ah… translated into English and Italian. When he was finished with it, he would have me put it back into the safe and lock it.
“When he died they had me remove the safe and bring it to the Archives. I took it upon myself to place it all the way back here. Then I opened it… There was just that empty folder. Someone had already taken the Letter out.”
“Do you know who might have taken it?” Maria asked.
Increasingly uncomfortable, Sister Beatrice began to wring her hands. “I really don’t want to talk any more about it. I’m an old nun. And I’m afraid now. I have seen too much. There are such strange things about.” She be­gan to walk back toward the staircase. “May we please leave?”
“Yes of course,” Kefa extended his arm for her to walk on ahead.

The three looked at one another.

“How very odd,” Maria whispered.
4
Exit the Moneychangers 
Rome, Vatican – noon:
In the Sistine Chapel, the old Altar up against the wall under Michelangelo’s Mural of the Last Judgment, was the Altar where the True Catholic Mass had been said by Popes from the fourteenth century well into the twentieth. One day in the latter part of the twentieth cen­tury the Altar’s use for the Mass was replaced by a table set on a platform where a “modern” service was occasio­nally said with the celebrants facing the congregation and turned away from God. There was no Tabernacle. It was in the way. So it had to be removed to accommodate the “new mass”. Daniel’s daily Sacrifice had finally been replaced … even in the Sistine Chapel.
The enormous Mural of the Last Judgment covered the entire back wall directly above the old Altar. In Miche­langelo’s depiction, as all souls were rising from the dead in the lower left side of the Mural, they were being separated from the damned, as Our Lord Jesus Christ, the Judge, was casting the damned into hell. Be­neath Jesus, but at His side, Mary had to look away from the overpowering ferocity of Her Son. It was much too intense in its depiction. As the souls were condemned, the damned were dragged down and transported into hell in the lower right side of the Mural by Michelangelo’s Ship of the Dammed. Directly below that Ship, just beyond the mural, sat the four most powerful Cardinals in the Vatican. Cardinal Dimonah was flanked by Car­dinal Rodriquez of Los Angeles and Cardinal Robare of France on one side, and Cardinal Spaak of Vienna on his other side.
Sitting in the first several rows of chairs for all the oth­ers in attendance were over a hundred well-dressed Cardinals and Bishops and other ranking Vatican offi­cials and friends. For a few rows behind them sat a mix of other VIPs. Relatively unknown Clerics sat mostly in the last remaining rows at the back of the Chapel where some laywomen still covered their heads with veils out of respect for God. In the last row on the aisle, Sister Maria sat.
Alone, and with a complete lack of modern decorum and protocol, Kefa and Frank, wearing the appropriate ancient vestments, entered through the side door just be­low the Mural on the left. Most everyone stood. Kefa car­ried a small Tabernacle. Frank followed carrying a lit candle in a red glass. Kefa placed the Tabernacle in the center of the old Altar against the wall. Frank positioned the candle off to the side and genuflected with Kefa. Only a few genuflected while everyone else sat. Dimonah refused to stand or to genuflect. The Cardinals alongside him took their queue from him and remained seated. Robare, however, hesitated and got up to genuflect until he looked around him and saw everyone else still seated. He awkwardly returned to his seat.
Kefa turned and stepped down to the table used in place of the Altar for the so-called catholic mass known only as the novus ordo service, the mass of the new order, which wasn't a Mass at all, but rather a mere liturgical exercise. He grabbed the Veiled Chalice and Ciborium, Napkins and Paten, Cruets and other Linens and candles and carried them up to the old Altar. Frank assisted. Once everything had been set in place they both genuf­lected again before the Tabernacle.
Kefa turned and looked out at the audience with an un­wavering look of determination. With the same unflinch­ing, steely eyes, he turned and looked at the four Cardinals sitting at the side.
He sauntered down the two steps of the Altar and over to the table. He grabbed the center of the tabletop, which was without even an Altar Stone, and in one mo­tion flipped the heavy table down the four additional steps. Most everyone was horrified. Dimonah lunged from his seat in a rage, but quickly contained himself and turned to the audience and said loudly, “I apologize for this. I do apologize.” He raised his arms as if to direct them all to the exits. “I think it’s best if we all leave now.” The table laid on the ground; upside down and broken in half.

Without the aid of a whip – for this was, after all, the twenty-first century–the Holy Pontiff, nevertheless, had managed to clear the Temple of the modern equivalent of the old moneychangers. As Kefa watched them make their orderly exit in feigned disgust, he thought, they will not turn My Father’s House into a house of compro­mise… not while on my watch. For Kefa, it was easy to see that while the old moneychangers of the Temple days had only changed the Old Testament notion of sacrifice to God into a childish moneymaking scheme, the new moneychangers had deliberately changed the actual Sacri­fice of the Son of God on an Alter into a friendly get together of meaningless warm feelings and shallow good intentions, and they did it all through their own indi­vidual willingness to compromise. They had fallen away from the Faith.

Kefa turned and walked back up the steps to the old Altar. He then began the Mass and Frank assisted.

When Kefa turned to say, “Dominus Vobiscum,” he saw that only a very few were left, kneeling on the floor in front of their seats. He proceeded.

After having read the Gospel, Kefa looked about at all the empty chairs and took satisfaction from how he was able to clean out the room of everyone but those who needed to hear all of what he was going to say.

“Negligence in the Priesthood, the willing acceptance by Priests of modernist, liberal doctrines, selfishness, hun­ger for power, concupiscence in the Priesthood, has all resulted in a horrible, new Deicide—the murder of God by the Priests of God. They have become our present day Judas Iscariots. True, the Son of God can no longer be killed, but Faith in the Son of God, whereby God breeds within the individual in His own Embryonic Form… That can be killed and is killed daily in alarming numbers by most of today’s Priests. Far too many of these modern-day Christ killers exist… They thrive in our very midst… and they are accepted without discern­ment by most who populate their pews… But unlike the Death and Resurrection of Our Lord, and Savior, Jesus Christ, these countless murders of God are never fol­lowed by Resurrection; for, under the pretense of a Mass, this Deicide is an act of spiritual abortion….
“So I take up that torch, Peter’s torch—given to him by Our Lord, Our Savior, Our King, Jesus Christ Who is God Almighty… and through His Spirit present here now within, I say to you, you few still able to remain.” He looked around at the empty seats, grinned, and feigned alarm, “Especially after a scandal–scandal, mind you–such as this.”

He shook his head slightly and then became deadly se­rious. “Prepare yourselves. The inequity is about to be purged from His Church. The Son’s fury is about to be unleashed in all of its enormity, resulting in infinitely far more destruction,” he pointed to the broken table, “than that. It would have been far better if they had tied an anc­hor around their necks and had thrown themselves into the sea than that they had tried to destroy the very notion of the Altar of Sacrifice to God. I will do my very best as the Vicar of Christ to show you how to prepare, and how to maintain an ample supply of oil for your lamps. On that, I give my word. But, by God, if you do not heed my warning, you’re on your own and may God help you.
“These are the days when the new modern branch will be most violently torn from the True Vine and re­placed with the old, dormant branch… long discarded… the branch of our Fathers… the branch spoken of omin­ously in the Third Secret. There is an Easterly shift in the wind. He is about to make some serious changes to His House. Keep watch, and for God’s sake, stay awake!” He paused to look at them, “We’ll be in touch … We must build Her Ark.” He concluded by blessing those few still in the pews, “I pray to You, Father, let these remain eter­nally marked by the Sign of Your Cross—in Your Name: Father, Son Jesus and Your Holy Ghost … and may Your vengeance pass over them who have Your Mark.”
Alone in the last aisle, Maria made that Sign of the Cross.
Kefa stepped back to the Altar. Frank joined him and they continued with the Mass.
5
Retrofitting Dry Wood 
Archangel, Russia, Shipyard – afternoon:
In the northern European reaches of Russia, Archangel, an ancient Russian seaport, was situated at the entrance of the White Sea where it emptied into the frigid North Atlantic. The Sea remained frozen for at least three or four months out of the year. Icebreakers had to be used to free up passage in and out of the port. Now, the ice had been broken and the passage was free and clear.
Only 32 kilometers away, in the Archangelsk Region, lay Severodvinsk, the largest shipbuilding port in the world and the home of all Russian nuclear submarine build­ing. In Archangel, though, the shipbuilding activi­ties all appeared to be commercial enterprises. Neverthe­less, many Russian flags waved constantly in Archangel’s dense gray air of smoke and fog. The pres­ence of a particularly new military agendum seemed to weigh heavy in the thick air. It was an agendum intro­duced by a dark force that had once again taken hold of Russia's government and had replaced the Christian govern­ment of the Great President, a man, who by the Hand of God had managed to escape their clutches, and who was now somewhere well hidden in the Mother­land… awaiting the call…
In a commercial dry dock facility there were four gan­try cranes surrounding an aged, one-hundred-and-thirty-four-foot, Class 3, Russian freighter, named—Potemkin. She sat in dry dock under a gray sky. As a tramp, dry bulk carrier, she had been hauling iron ore from Russia to India for thirty-two years until she was retired only four months previously. The Russian govern­ment reactivated her for one more mission before she was to be cut up for salvage. Cranes swung slowly; weld­ers’ sparks cascaded from her rusty sides in the frozen mists; sanding disks grinded away in a flurry of sparks. She had seen better days, but there was nothing out of the ordinary about her or the rather mundane maintenance activities apparently being performed on her.
It was in the belly of the old ship, where the smell of steel and diesel drifted all around the dimly lit cavernous hull, and where the floor was covered with a thin layer of granulated iron ore from the ship’s previous cargo. Sergei, a Russian boss who was also an Exterminan, put on a welder’s helmet and looked beyond the sparks of the Russian welder. He was examining the welded joint con­necting a ten-foot-in-diameter steel tube to the bottom deck. He was looking for cracks in the welded seam. He stood and brushed a few sparks that flashed onto his three-quarter length black leather jacket and then contin­ued to look over the workman’s shoulder.
The welder shut off his torch and slid his helmet over the top of his head. “You’re making me nervous,” he said in heavy Russian.
“No cracks in welds,” Sergei’s bellow was partially muf­fled by his helmet as he was removing it.
The big Russian worker didn’t say anything. He sparked his torch and pulled his helmet again down over his face.
Sergei took his helmet completely off and dropped it on the ground. His dark eyes were penetrating. Balding and with a clean-shaven face, he had an intelligent look about him. In a most disarming way, his arched eyebrow accented his otherwise, almost friendly appearance.
He walked back a few steps to where a digital video camera on a tripod was. He looked through the view­finder and slightly adjusted the lens.
He glanced once more over at the welder and then walked to a ladder leading to the top deck. He proceeded up the vertical ladder suspended in midair in the hull and connected only to the top deck at the side of the opening of the rolling cargo-bay hatch door. When climbing, Sergei never looked down and never hesitated from one steel rung to the next. After forty-seven steps straight up, he climbed up and out onto the top deck.
On deck, workers were guiding another section of steel tube hanging from a gantry crane by hooks con­nected to inch thick chains. The workers countered the wind’s force on the hanging tube by pushing the sides of the giant tube with their hands as it slowly moved over the hatch opening into the hull. Beneath the shouts and commotion of the workers, someone handed Sergei a clip­board with a work order to sign. He looked it over quickly and signed it. Then he stepped over to another video camera and checked its focus. The focus checked out. He moved away from the camera and watched the activity on deck.
Through Sergei’s actual eyes, spiritual eyes, things were always seen differently by him than by any mere human. For example, in addition to the thirty-five work­ers on deck, he was also able to see hundreds of dark sha­dowy creatures moving about the unsuspecting individ­ual workers. They seemed to stay in groups as if they had laid claim to a particular worker. Some even hovered around the worker. They taunted the workers with words, which could only be heard within as passing thoughts that seemed always to cross one’s mind all throughout a normal day. The demonic intensity of their activity, how­ever, was much more earnestly applied to these particular workers. It was an application that was directed by an underlying drive to maintain the worker’s focus on his work while keeping up with the demanding pace. The faces of the workers had the lifeless look of slaves being prodded along under the invisible lash of a cruel master. The workers never complained, though. They were, after all, fortunate to have a job and the pay was good.
Sergei’s eyes saw many things differently. He saw things that men could not see because his eyes were not human eyes. They were the eyes of an Exterminan.
When he was satisfied that the tube was being cor­rectly loaded into the ship’s hull where it was to be welded on top of the first section of tube already being welded to the bottom deck, Sergei walked from the top deck to the scaffolding at the side of the ship. He climbed down the scaffolding and stepped onto the ground.
Sergei’s arched eyebrow on his round face became even more pronounced as he glanced over the surround­ing activity in the yard. Scraps of steel and rectangular steel panels were stacked and piled about the entire area. Panels of steel were being rounded in bending devices and then welded together into other sections of a silo like tube. He checked out the video camera that scanned the entire area on a motorized tripod which carried the cam­era on a one-hundred-and-eighty-degree pass once every four minutes. The camera’s operation was fine.
Almost everything appeared, as it should, even though below deck, the ship was being crudely retrofitted with missile silos. The only thing that seemed a little out of the ordinary for a dry dock in a Russian shipyard was the white two axle, six wheel Ku band satellite truck parked at the side of the yard. A twelve-foot-wide satel­lite dish was pointed at the northern horizon. On board the Ku uplink vehicle was a television control room trans­mitting the live stream of the work in progress aboard the Potemkin via the three strategically placed video cameras. The video was being transmitted to a con­trol center in Moscow.
Sergei adjusted a sheet of plywood covering the cables leading from the cameras to the truck. He finished and then headed back to the satellite truck.

***
Sergei opened the satellite truck’s door to the control room. On the door was the company logo: the name ‘Drozdov’ was centered between the two open legs of a compass joined at the bottom by a pivot. When he en­tered the truck’s control room, another Exterminan, Lazar, wearing a dark suit and black shirt, was seated at the video control board. Lazar’s full head of curly black hair, long nose and a perpetual cigarette hanging from his rounded lips, gave him the shady look of a mobster al­ways working on some backroom deal. Above him on the wall were four flat screen monitors. One monitor was dark.
The two said nothing to one another but seemed to be communicating to each other nevertheless. They care­fully watched the three live monitors. Sergei remained standing.
“I expect his feed in twenty seconds,” Lazar finally broke the silence and said aloud. He took a deep drag on his cigarette. “We’ll have to speak into the mic.”
With that, the dark video teleconferencing (VTC) moni­tor became scrambled. The face of the General ap­peared. It was the face of Lenin. “Have you established a timeframe?” He asked immediately with an impersonal tone in his voice. His lips barely moved, as they appeared fixed in an ever-present sardonic smirk beneath his mani­cured mustache and goatee. He brushed the palm of his hand over his balding scalp.
“Four days per silo,” Lazar answered in the two-way video transmission.
“Too long. Bring in another crew.” The raspy voice at the other end said quickly.
Sergei looked annoyed, “It’ll take a month to break them in.”
“The ships have six, eight, and some even have up to fourteen silos each,” Lazar said to Sergei. His cigarette hung from his mouth and his downcast eyes looked at the monitor assigned to the hull. “At this rate, we need at least three more crews.” He mumbled underneath his breath.
“I’ll take care of it,” the General said abruptly and the screen scrambled and went dark. There seemed to be a darkly subliminal connection beneath the apparent discon­nect present in each of their voices when they con­versed.

Sergei looked at Lazar who was now watching the three screens. However, what Sergei actually saw when he glanced over at Lazar was beyond the image of a man with a full head of black hair and wearing dark clothes. He saw, instead, a spiritual image that can only be de­scribed in physical terms as an animal beneath an imagi­nary human shell. It had claws for feet, mangy leathery skin, and bulging yellow eyes at the side of a broad mouth full of long protruding, razor-sharp, yellowed inci­sors. He even saw the smoke from the cigarette flow out of two small nostril holes flat against its face and just above its mouth. Sergei was actually glancing at his spiri­tual double—who or what an Exterminan really was beneath its manufactured image of the human being.
Sergei took a seat and began looking at the work in progress captured on the three monitors and continuously fed in a live stream by satellite transmission directly to Moscow. He took a pack of cigarettes and a lighter out of his leather pocket. With the semblance of a human hand, he put the cigarette between his lips and lit it.

There was a knock at the door. A worker entered hold­ing a clipboard with another work order needing to be signed. The Russian worker barely noticed either Lazar or Sergei. Once he received the necessary signa­ture, he turned and left. To the worker’s human eye, there was nothing at all out of the ordinary with the two… Noth­ing out of the ordinary… that he was in any way able to see… with his own two eyes…
6
Vatican Business 
Rome – morning:
Adjacent to the Papal Apartment complex was the Vati­can Bank. Housed in the medieval Bastion of Nicholas V, it was originally built as a defensive tower with walls nine meters thick to protect the Pope from at­tack by hostile forces. It was only in the last century that the tower like structure had become the location of the main offices and vaults of the Vatican Bank, where all Vatican holdings were deposited, moved, and managed. In the “modern” novus ordo era those holdings and depo­sits had become far more valuable and in need of fortress like protection than a mere Pope.

Upon entering the magnificently somber marble lobby through a single door constantly guarded by Swiss Guards, Frank and Maria went past the elaborate winding staircase leading to the main vault at the top floor to a more obscure staircase which went down to the bottom floor safe deposit box vault area recently constructed for smaller account holders. At the foot of the steps of the basement level, a marble floor led past the bank clerk’s counter and straight to the two-foot thick, twelve-foot high open steel door of the bank’s smaller vault.

Frank handed the solitary clerk his key and his ac­count card, a plastic card with the Papal Account informa­tion encoded on it. The clerk only glanced at the card and handed it back to Frank, “Father Francis, Sister Maria, I haven’t seen you in several weeks.”
The clerk then proceeded to the open vault. Frank fol­lowed him while Maria remained at the counter.

Standing on a step ladder, the clerk placed his key and Frank’s into a box halfway up one of the long walls of safe deposit boxes and opened the small door and slid the box out. He handed the box to Frank and climbed off the ladder.
“Can I take any booth, Tom?” Frank asked.
“Carrel Three is open, Father Francis,” the clerk ans­wered.

Frank and Maria went through the door to the right of the counter, closed the door, and walked down a quiet carpeted hallway along the side of one wall of seven car­rels until they came to Number 3. They opened the door and went into the dark wood paneled privacy booth. In­side were a table and four chairs and a desk lamp. They stood for a moment and then Frank handed the box to Maria, nodded and reopened the door and left the room. Maria placed the box on the table, took a seat, and waited.

In carrel Number 4 next door, Maria heard the sound of someone shifting their chair on the marble floor.

Frank went down the hall in the opposite direction of the carrels, past the door leading back to the vault lobby and rounded a corner at the far end. The little used hall­way led to a solitary door at the very end. Frank reached the door; it was marked: Utility Room. He took out a key, unlocked the door, took one last look down the hall, and entered the room. He turned the lights on and went down another flight of steel steps leading to a subbasement util­ity room. In the large underground room was housed the generator dedicated to providing all of the electrical needs of the Vatican Bank alone. An Italian public utility firm provided most all of the electricity to Vatican City. However, for security reasons the Vatican Bank used a dedicated supply of electricity produced solely by the generator, next to which Frank was standing.
While the well-muffled diesel generator hummed quietly, Frank went to the main control panel. He had already been through this routine on two other occasions when he needed to install his machine level backdoor en­trance into the Vatican Bank’s computer operating sys­tem. He turned the main breaker switch off, the lights in the room went out, and he stood in the dark and counted to twenty.

In the dark carrel, Maria heard a tap on her door. She thought it might be the clerk. Instead, when she opened the door, the Protestant Minister from the Ecumenical Delegation, pastor Bob, appeared standing there in the dark.
“Yes?” Sister Maria spoke through the partially opened door.
The young, forty-year old, short, overweight Ameri­can pastor wearing a suit and tie said, “Sorry to bother you, Sister. I see your booth is dark as well. Must be a power outage. Does this sort of thing happen very often?”
Maria shrugged, “No, not very.”
At that moment, the power came back on.
“Ah,” pastor Bob smiled. “I’m very sorry to have dis­turbed you.”
“No bother,” Maria smiled and closed her door.

As pastor Bob was about to reenter his carrel, out of the side of his eye he caught a glimpse of Frank rounding the far corner. He recognized him but didn’t think much of it at first. He entered his carrel and closed the door be­hind him.

Moments latter Frank tapped Carrel 3’s door lightly and entered. Inside, Maria stood and picked up the still unopened safe deposit box and handed it to Frank. He paused, waited a few seconds and then they both left.

In Carrel 4, the pastor listened carefully to the sounds of movement as Frank and Maria left and closed the door behind them. He was beginning to find the sequence of events somewhat curious. He had finished his business at hand and could return his box to the vault, but as he was about to get up from his seat, he instead looked at his watch and remained seated. He decided to wait for a few minutes and give Frank and Maria enough time to return their box to the clerk and leave.
When he did get up to leave, he turned the desk lamp off and opened the door. He looked down at the closed solid door leading into the vault lobby but had already become more interested in discovering where the hallway at the far corner past the lobby door led. So he followed the hallway and turned the corner.
He came to the Utility Room door at the very end. He tried to turn the knob but the door was locked. His eyes remained fixed momentarily on the eyelevel sign on the door: Utility Room. He didn’t quite understand what it all meant, if it indeed meant anything at all, but his curios­ity, nevertheless, was definitely piqued.

Pastor Bob walked back down the hallway, turned and walked to the door leading into the lobby. He went through the door and entered into the vault lobby where he handed the clerk, who was standing at his counter, his safe deposit box.

“I’ll be just a moment, reverend,” the clerk said to the pastor, took the box, and walked it back to the vault.

When the clerk came back to his counter and handed the pastor his key, pastor Bob asked, “I’m just curious, but where does the door marked ‘Utility Room’ lead to?”
“Utility Room? Oh, you must mean the generator room. You’re speaking of the door at the far end at the corner of the hallway?” the clerk asked.
“Yes, that’s the one.”
“It’s the generator room,” the clerk smiled. “It’s not a carrel if that’s what you thought.”
“The generator room,” the pastor said and hesitated be­fore asking, “That would be to generate electricity in the case of an emergency?”
“No. It generates all of the electricity for the Bank … all of the time.” He paused. “We have a backup emer­gency generator for that one, but the electric has to be down for more than three minutes for it to kick in, and as far as I know that has never happened.”
Pastor Bob said nothing.
“Was there anything else you wanted?” the clerk said looking down at an array of paper work spread out on his counter top.
“No. I was just curious. Thank you,” he said.

Pastor Bob’s curiosity was even more piqued then. In his enthusiasm to score possible points with the Vatican’s higher-ups, he didn’t press the clerk any further. He didn’t even ask the clerk if he had been affected by the brief power outage he had just experienced. Instead, he turned quickly, headed up the stairs, through the main lobby, past the Guards, and exited the Bank out through the single steel door.

When he was out on the narrow street that ran be­tween the Papal Apartments and the Bank, he paused and thought, I should see Cardinal Dimonah. But no, he thought again, I’m making something out of nothing. How­ever, it could be something, and it wouldn’t hurt at least to see him. If nothing else, the Cardinal would have a reason to remember who he was the next time their paths might cross. After all, he thought, as it now stood, the most powerful cleric in the entire Vatican barely even recognized him. A short conversation showing his con­cern would at least give the Cardinal something by which to remember him.
Pastor Bob walked back in the direction of the Car­dinal Secretary’s office.
I’ll grab something to eat first, he thought. “I’m fa­mished,” he then said aloud.

***
“Via d’Ascanio dodici” the Roman cab driver turned to Kefa and said.
Kefa reached across the front seat and handed him his fare and the tip “Grazie.” Kefa got out of the cab and looked around at the busy street. He was wearing a light jacket, open collar and a pair of brown pants. He went incognito whenever he was on the streets of Rome.
He looked up at the apartment building and walked to the stairs leading up to his old friend’s apartment. He climbed two flights of worn concrete steps and went through a walkway, which opened onto a small courtyard set between two wings of a typical Roman apartment house built back in the fifties. The individual apartments were small and old but well lived in. A few children were playing around a plain fountain in the center of the open area. Their voices mixed with the occasional sound of a neighbor yelling out the window, a radio playing, birds chirping and the noise of nearby traffic. It was another morning … of another lively Roman day.

Kefa walked up a third flight of stairs to the second story apartments. He knocked on the door of an apart­ment. A short stocky, older Italian housemaid opened the door. She had been working for the occupant, a retired Priest, for ten years since his retirement and for several years before that when he had been the head exorcist at the Vatican. She opened the door. “Papa Antonio!” Gabriella immediately recognized him. “Come. Come.”
“Gabriella,” Kefa smiled warmly.
“Arnaldo is expecting you. He is… ah… on the ter­razzo.” She pointed to the seventy-four-year-old Father Arnaldo De Luca, who could be seen from where Kefa was standing, sitting at a table on the balcony in the morn­ing sun sipping his espresso.

“Antonio,” Arnaldo turned his head and called out to Kefa. “Come, come,” the gentle white haired man said.

Kefa walked through the small living room to the open double, multi-glass-pane doors. He stepped up out and onto the airy balcony that overlooked the busy street below.

“Arnaldo,” Kefa reached and grasped Arnaldo’s hand with both of his.
“Sit, sit,” the Priest said with an excited voice of an old man seeing once again a friendly face. He pointed to the chair beside him. He wore a dark wool cardigan swea­ter with a bulky collar that someone had knitted for him on his seventy-second birthday. The same year he had retired.
Kefa sat.
Gabriella brought another espresso cup and poured a rich dark brew of the Italian delicacy into his cup.
“Grazie, Gabriella,” Kefa lifted the small cup and sipped.
When Gabriella had left the balcony, she closed the bal­cony doors behind her to give the two old friends pri­vacy. The ambient noises of the street below muffled their voices to any one else but the two old friends.

“I knew you would visit,” he smiled, “I just didn’t know it would be so soon.” The old man said. He was very well aware of the dangerous situation Kefa had got­ten himself into when he was elected Pope. He knew the Vatican surroundings well.
“I had another vision,” Kefa said.
“And?” Arnaldo waited for an answer.
“How much are they in control now?” Kefa came right to the point. He had known there was an active pres­ence of evil within the Vatican walls; he and Arnaldo spoke of it on different occasions. It was common know­ledge for most within the Vatican for the past fifty or sixty years. What he didn’t know was just how extensive it was.
“Are you talking about Dimonah?” Kefa’s visit had con­firmed the wise old man’s suspicions.
“Yes. The eyes. I think I saw it for the first time.”
“Thick, like the bottom of a glass soda bottle,” the old exorcist asked knowingly and took another sip of es­presso.
“Yes,” Kefa had to admit. That description of the eyes was a telltale sign of possession that Arnaldo had warned Kefa about many years prior. It was difficult to detect though, especially if the person wore glasses or contacts. “One other thing… I sensed a presence.”
“Then you know. It is true.” Sensing a presence be­neath an individual’s own persona when coupled with the appearance of thick glassy eyes was usually spot-on confir­mation of possession to a skilled exorcist, such as Arnaldo had been for over twenty-seven years. “He’s at the very top. He has connections. You shouldn’t stay there.” The old man grew concerned for Kefa. Over the years, Kefa had become like a son to him. The feeling was mutual for Kefa; in many ways, he had reminded him of his dad.
“You need to leave too. The Purge… the Fatima Purge… it’s going to hit the entire city. It was in my dream. But if I tell anyone, other than the few that will listen, they’ll take me out.” Kefa leaned over to take the espresso pot off the warmer and pour another cup. When he did, the old man caught a glimpse of the ivory handled pistol in Kefa’s shoulder holster concealed beneath his jacket.
“Yes, Antonio. They are very dangerous… because they have become very powerful. But, you are going to need more than what you are carrying for protection… much more, my friend.”
Kefa touched the gun beneath his jacket and realized his alert friend had spotted it. “It’s only a decoy… I could never use it… but not to worry… She has my back.” He smiled confidently and fearlessly.
“Yes,” he looked deep into Kefa’s eyes, “She watches over Her own with such intensity these days. Let me ask you then—Was Dimonah in the vision?”
“Perhaps.”
“Is he the one?”
“No. I believe he’s the mouthpiece, but only the mouth­piece… and only the mouthpiece of the second-in-command,” he shrugged, “and I don’t even know who the hell that is.” He grinned.
“What did the vision say?”
“A Russian who looked like Lenin and was a military professional… a general… He was addressed only as: ‘The General’.” Kefa looked directly at the Priest, “But there’s more, much more to this vision than just a warn­ing, my friend. She implores me to establish Her Ark to keep Her children safe when He unleashes His ven­geance. She has given me a command… in a special way. It came to me in the vision.” He looked out over the bal­cony, “I must do it. I must establish Her Ark—and I have very little time in which to do it.”
The old man looked on almost wishing it was he whom She had asked. He knew in his heart, though, that if there was anyone who could carry out what seemed to him now to be a monumental task, it was Kefa. “What can I do?” The old man asked.
“Well, I’ll be meeting with a group of the ones I can trust. I’ve been working on a plan. I would like you to be present. I’m going to see to it that the first Mark is set up here in Italy as quickly as possible.”
“What is this Mark?”
“Mary’s Ark… as I see it… is a series of survival camps spread around the world in very remote areas, pro­tecting the Kernel of Truth that is the universal Church. Three, maybe four hundred of them. They’ll each house about four hundred people… It shouldn’t take long to establish. They needn’t be very big.” He looked over at Arnaldo and shrugged again, “There’s not too many of us left anymore.”
“But they are the cream, Antonio. They are the ones Au­gustine says will be the premier Saints of all time.”
Kefa smiled in agreement and then got up to leave, “I’ll be in touch. I’ll send someone to bring you to the meeting. I have in mind, Sister Catherine. Do you know her?”
“Yes, I think I met her. Young nun… in the same tiny order as Maria?”
“Yes. That’s the one.” Kefa reached over and grabbed his hand again, “One more thing, when the time comes for you to go to the Mark, be ready to move on a moment’s notice… you and Gabriella and whatever friends or family you can convince to come with you.”
“God bless you and keep you, my friend,” the old man’s eyes flashed a bright clarity.

***
Frank’s apartment was on the same floor as Kefa's and Maria’s. In his den, the walls were covered with maps of every region and nation in the world. Frank sat at his computer and had to wade through millions of proper­ties owned by the Church. He looked over a dizzy array of thousands of rows and columns of properties dis­played on a flat screen monitor connected to his com­puter that he had a few hours earlier successfully con­nected to the Vatican Bank’s main computer system.
Frank continued narrowing his search fields first by country, then by remote locations, fertile acreage, and water availability. Many of the properties were small farms, remote undeveloped raw land and in the case of America, many were abandoned patented mining claims that were bequeathed to the Church, some as far back as the eighteen hundreds. There were even non-operating summer camps listed which the Church had been sitting on for years. Their cabins and living quarters for a few hundred residents fit the description Kefa had given him and Maria of the type of property he most preferred.
Reading from a stack of printouts of lists of proper­ties, Maria stuck pushpins into the maps, denoting proper­ties accepted for the Mark. Once they agreed on a listing, Frank tagged it in the system with a “Sale Pend­ing” description that removed the property from the pool of properties available for sale. He set up an array of real­tors and dummy agents that once entered into the system could never be traced back to the sale’s point of ori­gin.

“How many do we have?” Maria asked.
“Seventeen,” Frank said without any enthusiasm.
“We’ll be here all night.” Maria was resigned.
“We’ll be here all week,” Frank quickly remarked.
“Well at least I located his small farm house on the out­skirts of Rome. I’ll go with him in the morning to check it out.”
“Wow, I have to line up another three-hundred-and-forty-three of these by myself.” He was beginning to won­der if he would ever finish in time.
“I’ll leave you plenty of push pins. What’s your favo­rite color?” She joked. “It’ll only be for a couple of hours. Then all three of us will finish it up.”
“That’s great; I have to have someone double-check me on all of this to make sure it’s accurate.” He clicked off another property and printed it out, “Eighteen.”

While the property searches and acquisitions turned out to be a very time-consuming process, moving the neces­sary funds into accounts set up for Kefa but masked as just ordinary Vatican Accounts that were then trans­ferred to accounts outside of the Vatican Bank, had only taken Frank less than an hour to do earlier that day. In that time he had successfully moved eight-hundred-and-thirty-four million dollars of U.S. Treasuries with redemp­tion dates of one month or less into three separate, hidden accounts. He did this in such a way as to maintain an imaginary mask over the existing accounts that would continue to report the Treasuries as having been automati­cally renewed on their expiration dates and still credited as securities held in their original accounts and still accumulating interest.


While he had been doing this earlier, Maria had watched and was amazed at how easily he had moved about and transferred the funds.
“It’s all digits, make-believe money. No one spends it and it just keeps accumulating.” He had said to Maria as she had looked on. “It’s not even money anymore. It has no function of exchange unless making money from money intended for charity, without producing anything –charitable or otherwise– is a rational function of mone­tary exchange. That’s part of the reason the whole global monetary system is coming undone. Money isn’t money anymore. It’s been turned into liquid greed.”
“It makes no sense,” Maria had laughed.
“It makes no sense at all until you see it in its true light – it is the epitome of greed – the diabolical opposite of charity…” He then said to her, “It was all meant to go to good causes from the moment it was contributed, from that very moment, but it never did because its handlers wouldn’t allow it. They must all take out their unending ‘handling fees’. So now we’re here to exchange some of these contributions for the good they were originally in­tended and see to it that at least some of the contributors’ good intentions are finally achieved.”
“Bottom line,” Maria had added, “it all belongs to Kefa… not to its handlers.”
“How ironic for them—it is under Papal authority we do this.”
“…which is God’s authority,” she had said.
“Which is God’s authority,” he smiled as he had ex­ecuted one last transfer of millions in funds with a sim­ple… click.

***
Pastor Bob walked to the doors of the Vatican Secreta­riat of State. A plain-clothes guard opened the door for him. The short stocky minister walked over to the receptionist desk.
“I don’t have an appointment, but is there any way I could step in for a moment and see Cardinal Dimonah? I won’t be long.”
“I’ll find out if he’s able to see anyone right now, reve­rend, if you’ll just have a seat.” The receptionist, a tall Italian middle age woman in business attire picked up the phone and dialed the extension. The conversation was brief. She put the phone down. “He’ll see you now, reve­rend.”
The pastor was hardly seated when he got right back up, “Great.”
“Do you know where his office is?” she asked.
“Three doors down on the right, thank you,” he said and walked quickly down the hall.

When he entered Dimonah’s office he found him sit­ting at his desk.
Dimonah looked up from his papers, mostly financial tables. He took off his glasses. His eyes were exception­ally glassy. “Reverend, have a seat. How may I help you?” He quickly shuffled the papers and turned them over to keep them out of view.
“Well, I don’t know if this means anything, and I don’t want to take up a lot of your time, Your Excellency, so I’ll get right to the point. I happened to have been in the Vault room in the lower floor of the Bank this morn­ing. I have a safe deposit box there, you know.” He said this to impress Dimonah but the Cardinal had a blank look on his face. He wasn’t impressed in the least.
Bob continued, “A funny thing happened. I don’t know what to make of it. It’s probably nothing … but it just struck me as curious, your Eminence.”
“Yes,” Dimonah was hardly focused until Bob brought up his having seen Frank and Maria that morning.
Then he listened very carefully. The reverend ex­plained how there was a brief interruption in the power… that the lights went out… and how, at almost precisely the same time the power came back on, he saw Frank com­ing from the area of the Generator Room. “I just thought it peculiar… that’s all, and I thought you should know.”
“When was this?” Dimonah asked.
“Early morning, about eight-fifteen, I remember look­ing at my watch.”
“You say he was on the lower level?”
“Yes.”
Dimonah got up from his desk and began to lead the pastor to the door. “I’ll look into it.” His eyes glared. “I appreciate your taking the time to inform me. I appre­ciate it very much.” Dimonah shook his hand and then held the door for him. “By the way, Bob,” Dimonah said just as pastor Bob stepped out into the hall. “Would you care to have lunch one day next week?”
Bob’s eyes lit up, “Why, yes, of course. Whatever time is good for you.”

“Fine, how would Tuesday at noon be?”
“I’ll meet you here,” Bob answered.
“No need. I’ll have my driver pick you up. Just leave your information with the receptionist. Good bye.”
Dimonah let the door close and walked back to his desk. An American pastor might come in handy one day, he thought. Then he recalled the incident the pastor had just recounted. He didn’t know what to make of it, if any­thing. He was inclined to brush it aside, since it involved a matter in the lower level vault where only the small, insignificant accounts were kept. He thought it was a ra­ther petty and unimportant message because that was his impression of the messenger, pastor Bob.

Dimonah hated computers and wanted as little to do with them as possible, so he couldn’t possibly see what it was that the pastor’s experience might be pointing to.
When he sat down at his desk he tried to resume look­ing over the paperwork but something kept buzzing around in his head. He couldn’t stop wondering whether there was more to the pastor’s story that he was some­how overlooking. He decided to get in touch with his dear friend, Vittorio Riggio, the head of the Vatican Bank, and relay the entire matter to him and see what he could make of it. But when he took out his cell phone to speed dial the call, he remembered that Riggio was vaca­tioning in the Cayman Islands for ten more days. He put his phone back in his pocket and instead marked an entry down in his calendar as a quick reminder for him to call Riggio in ten days when he would have returned from his vacation.
Thinking he had put it all safely aside, he put his glasses on and resumed reviewing the remainder of the financial statements he had on his desk. In no time at all, he again became exceptionally glassy eyed just trying to make any sense of the statements. The numbers were so astronomical, he thought, that it was impossible to ana­lyze them, let alone comprehend them. Under normal cir­cumstances, the Vatican’s finances were so enormously complex that teams of accountants would have been hired to try at least to get a handle on some of it, but this was the Vatican’s nerve center. It was the focal point of all distrust within the inner circle; therefore, no one, not even the Pope, was allowed to examine the financial records of the Vatican Bank… Only a select few… and, unbeknownst to even those few, one lone hacker em­ployed by one lone Pope… gone rogue.
7
Preparations Underway 
Outskirts of Rome, the Farmhouse - morning:
The previous week, Kefa had gone with Maria to see the house she had picked out for him. It was a two-story white gabled farmhouse with attic dormers that was lo­cated about eight miles east of Vatican City. It sat in the center of twenty-five acres of farmland and had a small barn and a hill in the back—a sort of a knob with a path at the side that led to a flat top. Maria had stood next to Kefa that day as he looked up at the top of the hill. “We need a Cross up there… large beams… two of them.” He crisscrossed his forearms to show her what he had had in mind.
“Cork trees?” She knew immediately what he was get­ting at.
“Yes.”
“With the bark still on them?”
He looked into her gentle blue eyes and said softly, “Yes.”
“You don’t have to go that route, you know.”
“Oh… but I do… You see, it’s a great responsibility when you’re given a glimpse into the future. Besides, I just want to help Her Word be fulfilled. It’s been preor­dained, you know.”
Maria sighed. She knew that Kefa was referring to the Fatima part of the vision… and she knew what that would ultimately mean for him.

For just over a week after they had settled on the farm­house, Kefa and Maria had worked to prepare the house for that morning’s meeting in which the three would begin to implement Kefa’s plan for the survival of the universal Church. For them it was obvious that Kefa had envisioned a global electromagnetic pulse Laydown (EMP) attack that would be carried out by the elite global ruling class against the civilian populations of all nations. Furthermore, they had reached the prayerful conclusion that the global EMP Attack, which was, in a way, the colla­teral damage from the purge of the Church, would result in the annihilation of the vast majority of the world’s civilian population. Taking down the world’s electric grids in a global EMP attack could mean nothing else.
Kefa’s immediate sense of urgency was amplified by his own understanding of just how much time he had left. Through Mary, Kefa was able to glean from the Code that he had only just less than three months in which to establish the Mark. He knew that if he had attempted to announce this to the world, no one would believe him. And why should he waste what little time he had by at­tempting to alert a disbelieving world in the first place, especially when the very survival of God’s Church was at stake? After careful consultation with Frank and Maria, he was convinced that it was only Her children in whose hearts was written the Code, whom God had intended to warn.

Frank had finished up the last of the property acquisi­tions the previous night at approximately two-thirty in the morning. He sat inside the Farmhouse’s large open living room fighting off the need for sleep.
One wall of the living room was covered by a large over­sized Mercator projection-map of the world. Forty folding chairs were arrayed in a loose fitting semicircle. There were enough chairs to accommodate the small group of clerics who were present, including Bishops, Priests and Nuns, eleven Cardinals, a Russian Catholic Priest, Frank, Maria, Sister Catherine, and Arnaldo. This was Kefa’s innermost circle of trusted friends. The some­what scattered semicircle of chairs faced Kefa who was standing with his back to the map. Holding a long nar­row-wood pointing stick, he had just finished identifying the regions of the Mark, and to whom they were to be assigned.
Each person held a printout of lists of materials and as­signed areas with the locations of the three-hundred-and-sixty properties Frank had acquired for the survival camps. The properties made up the network of the Mark. The map was divided into five areas, which were circled on the Map: North America, Central and South America, Europe, Euro Asia, and Asia and Australia. Within the five circles were seven smaller circles labeled Network Regions 1, 2, 3, etc. Kefa, Frank, and Maria assigned them­selves the region of North America.
Kefa, dressed in his usual street clothes, spoke with all the force of a military commander, “Remember, it’s not enough to say to them, ‘Now is the time to head for the hills’. You’re going to have to point out to them ex­actly which hill they’re going to have to head to, and once they have arrived there, where they are going to have to eat, sleep, and survive as a family for twenty-five, maybe thirty years or more!
“I’m calling these facilities ‘the Mark’, short for Mary’s Ark. Just as Noah’s Ark brought him and his fam­ily through the chastisement of the flood, Mary’s Ark will bring the family that is His True Catholic Church through His coming purge. We will dedicate and conse­crate to Mary each Mark at its individual inception … thereby opening the door for Her and Her divisions of Angels to watch over and protect each and every one of the Marks.
“Frank, Sister Maria, and I have established sites for the Mark that are remote, yet have plenty of water and good soil for agriculture. Many of the properties already have housing on them to varying degrees. For the others you’ll want to build simple wood frame, one-story, sin­gle-family residences—underground if you can.”
Kefa continued to instruct them to go about purchas­ing and delivering supplies for four hundred people to survive for at least two years in each camp until they could become self-reliant. They had detailed sets of instruc­tions on setting up wind or water powered mills, on tanning operations and on metallurgy. He told those gathered there to appoint leaders of the Marks to carry out the task of actually building out the camp with the other members as quickly as possible; then for those ga­thered there at the Farmhouse to move on to their next assigned Mark and to start it all over again. They were to maintain a strict schedule, allowing one week of their time for each Mark.
Frank said as an afterthought to Kefa’s instructions, “Remember, we don’t have to build the individual Marks immediately. Only secure all the necessary materials it will take to build the entire Mark and transport those mate­rials to the location of the Mark. I suspect for at least the first year, many of the Marks will be tent cities.”
Kefa said, “We’ve secured all the funds we’ll need to get started. Father Frank’s expertise with computer lan­guages coupled with my blessing has seen to that.” There was a little laughter. “He’s also assured me that if we need more…” his eyes twinkled, “there’s plenty more where that came from.” There was more laughter. “As Pope, I’m going to try to do something new for a change. I’m going to try to see to it that all funds given in charity are once again actually used for charity. How’s that for a new springtime.” More laughter. “I don’t know if it’ll catch on though. There are certain practices the modern­ists have institutionalized as tradition which they stead­fastly refuse to change… even at the risk of being labeled traditionalists.” Much laughter. "A term I don't like, by the way. I'm not a traditionalist. I'm a Catholic of Faith."
Frank added, “I’ve done it all in a way that it will take months for them to unravel.”
“By that time the Mark will be well established,” Kefa said.
Then he became deadly serious. “Instill into each one of the Mark’s leaders you appoint that they must preserve the Faith of the universal Church at all times. This is why we’re doing this. If we don’t preserve the True universal Church then it’s all been a waste of time.” He bellowed, “I will not tolerate laxity on this. Do you understand?” The room was silent. “There’ll be no backsliding. I have made a promise to see to it that the Church will prevail during this and She will be victorious. By God, I’ll do everything in my power to keep that promise. If there’s anyone in the room, who wants out… now’s the time to make your move. I’ll understand.” He looked around the room.

Someone shouted out, “We’re with you a hundred per­cent, Holy Father!” Then everyone stood and said one by one, “I’m in.”

Once everyone took their seats again, Sister Maria jumped in and said, “As outlined on your lists, you must maintain a library stocked with all the essentials in each Mark, including: a complete set of the works of the Fa­thers, such as the complete writings of: Benedict, Jerome, Ambrose, Augustine, Aquinas, all of the Popes up until Pope Pius XII, and Saints Francis of Assisi, Teresa of Avila, and Ignatius of Loyola; all the writings of the Saints, and a sufficient number of Douay Rheims Bibles and 1962 Missals, and most importantly an ample supply of copies of: the writings of Pope Saint Pius the Tenth, Catechisms issued before 1950, and De Montfort’s True Devotion.
“As far as recruiting for the Networks goes: Each Catho­lic Diocese, each Catholic Parish, especially True Catholic Parishes, still have a few remaining Faithful who are True Devotees to Mary according to Montfort. Just as each one of us as a Devotee knows, there is direct communication with Our Lord and Mary through His ever Invisible Holy Ghost as laid out by Saint Louis De Montfort. The devotees are the ones, the only ones, who will, at the very least, take any of this seriously on a mo­ment’s notice, when you approach them about being part of the Mark. Many of them will get it immediately be­cause they are entirely at Mary’s disposal. I’ve provided a list of contact information; as you can see, there’s about seven thousand scattered all over the globe.
Maria pleaded with them, above all—to be discrete! “We don’t want curiosity seekers,” she said. “We don’t want to bring any attention to what we’re doing. We want only people of The Faith! We, who are left of The Faith, we, upon whom the True Church relies, must now fight to out-prevail the evil one.”
Another point Kefa spelled out for them was that it was essential for whoever was a part of the Mark to know exactly where their Mark was and how to get there on a moment’s notice... without a car and without telecom­munications—no cell phones. Since very few were in a situation to drop everything at once, pack up their families and move into the Mark before it was even set up, it was essential for everyone to plan on getting to their Mark from wherever they might find themselves at any particular moment… and to plan on, most likely, hav­ing to get there on foot.
Kefa concluded by adding, “The Networks must be known, catalogued, and records kept current and distri­buted to everyone so at all times we know the locations of every Mark and the contact information for everyone in each Mark. Let’s be in constant communication as we set up the Mark and the Networks.”
Frank stood and said, “I’m working on a way for each Mark to communicate with one another on each conti­nent without the use of electricity. I haven’t quite figured out intercontinental communications yet, but what I have developed will do for a start. It’s a communica­tions system based on light. So as soon as I’ve fully developed it, I’ll get started installing it.”

Kefa looked around the room, “Any questions?”
Sister Catherine, an Italian nun seated next to Arnaldo asked. “Can you tell me one more time, Holy Father? What do I tell people when they ask how they will know when it’s time to head for the hills?”

“When the lights go out, Sister… everywhere…” Kefa answered. “When cell phones, cars, anything with electronics in it… won’t work… When that happens… head for the Mark. That’s why it’s crucial we get the Mark at least established if not fully built before the At­tack. Because if we don’t get the Mark set up and estab­lished, what then? Where do we go? What happens to you and me? But most importantly, what happens to the Church He died on a Cross for?”

She asked another question, “Can you explain one more time why all of this is going to happen?”

The request immediately set Kefa off into one of his semi-controlled tirades, “To put it simply, Sister—those who have controlled the Catholic Church since nineteen-sixty have refused to consecrate Russia, by name, to Mary. Most of these people we’ve had running this show in the hierarchy are bad. Keep in mind; it was the Council of Trent that said, ‘There are good Catholics and there are bad Catholics.’ They’re bad because they only pay lip service to God! He’s not going to stand for their non­sense any longer! He’s going to put them down! The whole lot of them! He’s going to grab them by the neck and he’s going to kick them in the ass! Then He’s going to drag them down into hell and burn them in a fire that never goes out!
"They know what She said! She said Russia! She didn't say humanity. She didn't say the whole world. She didn't say all the nations of the world. She didn't say the universe. She said Russia. Russia, only, and Russia, by name, specifically! They know it only too well! They know that the Consecration will reunite the Russian Ortho­dox Faithful to Rome, and that Rome, as a result, will lose much of its power to a united Church. They know that! They don't want Russian Patriarchs roaming the halls of the Vatican as fellow Cardinals who have access to their books! They have a gravy train to protect! But they’re not going to tell you that! They're going to go on convoluting their story until Fatima is completely forgot­ten.
"But Fatima," he shook his head, "…won't go away. However, since they're too far along in their game plan, there's no turning back. So they’re going to hold onto their power… no matter what the cost! Even if it means defying God! Even if it means going to hell! They serve a new master now, and it is not God.”

Kefa also knew that there was an element of the Fatima Code within his heart, which remained hidden. He didn’t know what to do about the Consecration of Russia. He could only surmise that as crucial as it was, it wasn’t any of his business. Until it was revealed to him otherwise, he knew he had to go about the business as­signed to him—Setting up the Mark in the time allotted to him.

Wearing street clothes much like Frank’s and Kefa’s, Cardinal Charles Ritchey of Nebraska, a priest in his for­ties, stood, and asked, “Holy Father?”

“Charlie,” Kefa said to his friend.
“Just how much time do we have?”
Kefa’s first important act as Pope was to make his trusted friend Father Charles Ritchey, Cardinal Ritchey. Ritchey was a keen observer of American politics; he was also a shrewd networker within the growing group of ascendant Americans who were proactively Catholics of Faith.

“We have very little time.” He grinned. “I know that’s not much of an answer, but, well, there you have it. It is what it is.” He looked at them all with a ferocious intensity, “We’ve got to move on this like there’s no tomor­row. There’s three-hundred-and-sixty of these. Move fast and get them set up. We have the funds; we have the properties. Get the materials out there. Put a few people in charge and move on to the next one. You can­not afford to spend more than one week on each Mark. And keep spreading the word of the Mark through the appropriate channels. Right now at this unique moment in time, the very survival of Christ’s Church depends on you and I establishing the Mark! The Mark is the oil of the five wise virgins.”

Kefa knew that they had at the very most three months, but he didn’t have the heart to tell them for fear it might cause panic and that might weaken their determina­tion to get the Mark built. He also knew that the forces working to bring about this integral attack on the world’s civilian population were enormous. The fail­ure of socialism… the collapse of the freemasonic-king­dom… its rejection by billions of “we the people” who continued to cling bravely to their God-given right to free­dom of their own bodies and souls was about to top­ple the elite ruling class from their worldwide positions of power.

Through the internet, the people began to figure out just how the powerful ones continued to hold on to their power. They were finally seeing how their game was be­ing played. Most importantly, many of the Faith were beginning to see the real reason why Russia, by name, was never consecrated—the union of the Russian Orthodox and Roman Churches into one Church, and, as a result, the Vatican having to share its wealth and power… with the Russians. So in a blind rage directed at “we the  people”, the same beast that once rose to power through the barrel of Lenin’s gun, was about do it again… globally… This time… aligned with a small but wealthy and elite class of an assortment of population controllers and Christophobics whose hands were on the nuclear triggers and who the unwary people had allowed to infiltrate the highest levels of command… combined with a group of Russian military officers who were at the end of their ropes and desperate… They would attack the people… This time, stealthily through the barrel of a coordi­nated global EMP Attack… and through an un­godly alliance with the beast… They would defeat the people… or they themselves would cease to exist… Be­cause this time, the people were finally shining the light of day onto the elites and the elites were running scared… straight into the corner of full transparency, and that, if allowed to play itself out fully, spelled the death of evil’s centuries-old power play that had started with the break up of His Church in Russia, a thousand years ago, and then in Europe, five hundred years later.
However, this was all being played out in a secular world, a Godless world, which modernism had turned “we the people” into. Even the modernist church, itself, had become secularized and its own laity and clerics had fallen away from The Faith.
Moreover, as soon as Russians had started to return to Christendom, the elites crushed the Russian economy and replaced their government with one of their own.
True Catholics of The Faith, who had been relen­tlessly given the deaf ear by the secular world for far too many years, were now going their own separate way as a matter of His Church’s survival. They knew the elite rul­ing class would not be going away gently into the night by any stretch of imagined good feelings or wishful think­ing… no matter how strong the secularists’ reproach of the ruling class was.

***
After prayer, everyone had left the room, except for Kefa, Frank, Sisters Maria and Catherine, Arnaldo and a Russian Catholic Priest, Father Daniil. They rearranged the chairs and sat facing one another.

Covertly converted to Catholicism and ordained a Cath­olic Priest, after having been a Russian Orthodox Priest, Father Daniil was a young man, 35, from Moscow. His unshaven facial hair was according to the Russian Orthodox custom for its priests. His beard and facial hair under his nose was sparse. One side of his mouth curled up in a cross between a grin and a snarl. His straight brown hair was shoulder length. He wore inexpensive eyeglasses. A large silver Orthodox cross on a bulky sil­ver chain hung down from around his neck and over his black cassock. His wife and their three daughters lived in Moscow. They were newly covertly converted as well. He still pretended to serve the Russian Church while pos­ing as a Russian Orthodox priest when in fact he was an ordained Catholic Priest—ordained by Kefa himself to promote and protect the Ancient Rite from being elimi­nated by the new Russian government, which had already destroyed Russia's economy and deposed its rightful Presi­dent.

The region assigned to Daniil was all of Russia.

Kefa sat beside the “Infiltrator,” a term of endear­ment Kefa had given him. It had been Kefa’s idea to or­dain Daniil and have him still posing as an Orthodox Priest to infiltrate amongst baptized Russians and tell them of the True universal Church, a union of the Rus­sian Orthodox and Rome. Kefa looked at him closely and said “You’ll probably only be able to set up a few of the Marks in Russia. It is such a huge country, and it is defi­nitely a tall order for just one man… and yet if that wasn’t enough,” Kefa hesitated and then said with a smile, “there’s something else I need for you to do.”

Fr. Daniil, a calm and holy man – having the distinct look of a young Russian Patriarch with the longhaired bearded chin and the rough, never-manicured moustache covering an otherwise clean face – smirked, “What is it this time?” The young cleric asked in English with a thick Russian accent.
“It’s going to be dangerous.”
He shrugged it off, “I can do it. You possess Jesus Who is all powerful when you possess Mary and She pos­sesses you in Christ’s universal Church.”
“There is someone in control of the Russian Govern­ment. He may be a General.”
“Does he look like Lenin?” He sensed immediately whom Kefa meant.
“Yes.”
 “Then I know who you’re talking about, but other than that, I know very little about him. He’s very low pro­file. He is new leader, but only by innuendo. No one really knows for sure who he really is, where is from, how long has been in office, or if there is even office for him.” With his index finger, Daniil pushed the rim of his glasses up against his eyebrows. He did it out of habit whenever he was focusing in on something. "What I do know is, just like Lenin did with the Tsar, he went imme­diately to kill our Faithful President, but our President escaped and is in hiding. He will return, and Russia and Our Lady will triumph."
“I need you to find out what this new guy is up to.” Kefa was hoping Daniil would provide him with a better understanding of what was going on in terms of the Attack. He was still in the dark as to how exactly it was going to be played out.
“I’ll ask around.”
“There’s one other thing,” Kefa said casually. “He’s protected by a group of six demons appearing as men.”
Daniil looked at him incredulously. “You are joking?”
“I’m very serious, my friend.”
“Who are they? What do they look like?”
Kefa took a small notepad from his pocket and paged through it until he came to the page marked Exterminans. “They’re pretty rough looking characters. Other than that, I only know what their first names are: Sergei, Yakov, Lazar, Genrikh, Matvei, and Naftaly. I know that and I know they’re referred to as Exterminans – a Hebrew term for ‘Destroyers’ – but I really don't know anything else about them.”
Daniil thought for a moment and then said, “Are you certain it’s those names?”
“Yes, why?”
“Those are first names of a particular group of gulag bosses. The gulag bosses were worst humans ever to have lived. Slaughtered and tortured over fifty millions… millions… of my countrymen and were never punished.” His words seemed to roll gutturally from his nasal cavity. He spoke with bitterness in broken English. “Those six are all dead now. They too escaped punishment.”
“Oh, no, they’re being punished,” Frank said assu­redly, “…even as we speak.”
“A global EMP Attack perpetrated by the elites, is it not appropriate that gulag would be involved in all of this,” Daniil thought aloud with another smirk on his face.
“How’s that?” Kefa asked.
“Well, all along, gulag was endgame of Soviet com­munism—which was a, how you say, a microcosm of what is inevitable endgame of all ‘freethinking’ secret societies. Final endgame of elite rulers of the freema­sonic pathology of ‘freethinking’ is always—global gu­lag… but they’ll never tell you that to your face.”
“It’s funny you should say that because I’ve always heard the frustration in people’s voices with the liberal’s consistent silence whenever they were asked: ‘What is the liberal’s endgame? Where are the socialists trying to take us?’ Now I know. It’s all a derivative of the not-re­ally-freemasonic, mentally deranged state of mind,” Maria said, “which can only lead in the final end to the global gulag.”
“Now you know: the global gulag,” Daniil said. “It is endgame of all socialists and liberals and whatever else they want to call themselves. Absolute end result of all socialism, liberalism, Marxism, freemasonry and evil it­self… is global gulag. Without God, all imperfection is doomed to it. It is the spiritual inertia systemic to all evil in the world.”
His words would haunt Maria in the months and years to come.

Daniil had lost two of his grandparents and several great-aunts and uncles at Belomor, a Russian gulag where the hired murderers, the gulag bosses, slaughtered over two hundred thousand innocent lives. Forced to sub­sist and die in an inhuman labor camp with putrid food and filthy water, his great grandfather’s seventy-two-year-old body, frozen solid by the usual Siberian tempera­tures of twenty-degrees below zero, in which he had been forced to work, was disposed of one winter’s day with all the other nameless frozen corpses by being rolled like a log down concrete stairs into a hole. There, hundreds of other frozen, dehumanized bodies had lain in wait for spring’s thaw and a mass grave to be dug by the other prisoners who also lived only by waiting for their own Siberian-winter log roll. Like all the others, Daniil’s sweet great grandfather was deemed an enemy of social­ism… a crime defined at will only by redefining words—the standard practice of all socialists and ‘freethinkers’. With their simple linguistic slight-of-hand, “citizen” be­came “terrorist”, “friend” became “enemy”, “yes” be­came “no”, and “the lie” and “confusion” became “hope” and “change”.

Kefa looked at his page of notes, “One other thing—look for a mark of a scorpion under their left ear. Be very careful.” Kefa said.
“How is it demons can appear as men?” Daniil asked.
“They’ve been released,” Kefa answered.
Arnaldo, who was sitting on a chair beside Daniil, also answered, “They aren’t born of woman, and yet they’re convincing us they’re men. Therefore, it must be an illusion, a trick, because it is a misuse of their light when it is physically used to deceive, not to enlighten. They are very powerful angels of light, fallen angels to be sure, but angels of light nevertheless. Very intelligent. They have a much greater intelligence than our own. There is a spiritual light, which even fallen angels have. It is not a material light. There are no… what’s the term?”
“Photons,” Frank quickly said. He was fascinated by Arnaldo’s brief explanation. He thought it was as if, as a quantum theologian, he was listening to an exorcist, an in-the-field practitioner of one aspect of quantum theol­ogy, who was now talking shop. What he found fascinat­ing was that what Arnaldo was getting at was that the light of the Exterminans was not ordinary light. It could not be made up of photons, yet it was light. How interest­ing, he thought, especially since the existence of photons was still only theoretical; and all theories for Frank were only hallucination if they were absent God, Who is also the Principal Element of the universe. Early on in his stu­dies of the physical universe, Frank had come to the realiza­tion that atheism was an hallucinogen that alone gave the nonbeliever a manufactured credence for any­thing the nonbeliever could possibly postulate.
“That’s what they call them, photons,” Arnaldo contin­ued. “Spiritual light could conceivably be used in the world for evil purposes because it can manipulate mat­ter. It is more powerful than matter.”
“Yes. That makes sense,” Frank ran off on a train of thought that clearly eluded the others. “It’s a reverse of the supposition that if the electrons of a person standing on a railroad track were perfectly counter balanced and aligned with the electrons of a speeding freight train com­ing straight at him, the train would pass right through that person. It is the reverse of that except instead of elec­trons, we’re talking theoretical photonic matter manipu­lated by a light different from ordinary light. Noth­ing can pass through this light when it is applied to the material world in this form. Yet it can pass through whatever it is directed to pass through in the material world.”
“Huh?” Maria pursed her lips and made the sound of rushing air as she swept the palm of her hand directly over the top of her head. “You totally lost me,” she shook her head and laughed.
Frank tried to explain, “Just as man is made in the im­age of God, material light is made in the image of spiri­tual light. God has created Angels out of spiritual light, both good and those who were good but chose to destroy good. However, just as God will not take back man’s free will, He will not take back an Angel’s light, even if that angel has fallen.
“One reason I think spiritual light is efficacious when applied to the material world is because spiritual light must not have what are mistakenly called photons. Per­haps spiritual light is a pure wave and therefore nothing material can obstruct it. On the other hand, perhaps it is neither a wave nor a particle, nor both. Perhaps it is a sub­stance human intelligence alone, without God, is incapa­ble of understanding.
“But whatever this spiritual light is, there is concrete proof of its existence—in the Transfiguration, in the Shroud of Turin, the Resurrection… and now… in the appearance of the Exterminans. The wielders of this spiri­tual light must have tremendous power over physical reality … the power to perfectly align electrons at will, so to speak, but on a spiritual level and with their own light … when it illuminates in the physical world.”
“Like water into wine; or Jesus going through walls?” Arnaldo said.
“Yes,” Frank added. “And men can use this light for good when they are transformed through Faith into Who Jesus is.”
“Up until now,” Arnaldo said, “this spiritual light has rarely been used because man’s lack of Faith has put him at such a disadvantage. But if the Exterminans are appear­ing in such a way as to deceive us into perceiving that they are men, then there is something else going on. Our Just God will even out the playing field for His child­ren.”
“Precisely, Arnaldo, so if evil is now using its power in a way that is physically joined to its spiritual light, then we are entering into a new period of Creation… It is what I call: the In-Between Time. It is a period in be­tween time and no time; kind of like the period of In-Be­tween Time, which was occurring when the dinosaurs roamed. We mistakenly measure that period analogously and mistakenly conclude, as a result, that it had occurred millions, billions, and gazillions of years ago….
“If this is the onset of the second and concluding pe­riod of In-Between Time, it will be the time in which evil is in the final and complete stages of being totally re­leased by Christ from the constraints that He had placed on it.” He shook his head and had a startled look on his face. “This is amazing! Creation is heading back to no time … and no space! We’re heading back to eternity! This must be the period leading up to that final conflict between God and the evil one.”
“The end of the world,” the old exorcist said.
“The end of the limits on our perceptions,” Frank some­what concurred. "The end of time, itself."

It then occurred to Frank that if evil was now using its light to deceive man physically, then God in His exact­ing justice would empower His own Elect with an equal force that utilizes His Light to counterbalance the disadvantages, which this misuse of spiritual light will place on His sons and daughters. Frank concluded by say­ing, “God is about to give His Elect new Graces we have only seen utilized by a few of His Saints over the past centuries.”

Kefa was at a loss for time to attempt then to take in all of what it was that Frank was saying. However, there was one thread in Frank’s explanation that Kefa did under­stand—the Fatima Code not only applied to the Purge but also to the years and decades after the Purge right up to the Final Battle at the end. He would need more time to grasp fully what Frank was saying. How­ever, for now he could only shake his head and say, “There’s no time to explain it all now; perhaps another time… a different time… when the Mark is up and run­ning.”
Then Kefa turned to Daniil and said, “All I can say is: be careful. Be on your watch for the Exterminans and find out whatever you can about what they and the Gen­eral are up to… and keep me informed. Our prayers through Her to the Father for your protection will be con­stantly with you.”
“How is your hierarchy taking to all of this, Daniil?” Frank then quickly turned his attention to another subject. He wanted to know more about Daniil’s precarious new assignment he had assumed—that of the secret double-agent cleric.
“Unfortunately, many of them have been forced by this government to look upon the particular matters of an individual’s own Faith in the Divinity of Our Lord, Jesus Christ, with a blind eye… Now that Our President is gone, they have returned to the old ways. That is to say, they can no longer cater to the True Faith, even when it is standing right in front of them. They are not allowed.
Nevertheless, it is to that Russian individual who despe­rately clings to some semblance of The Faith that I reach out and address. I tell him it is time to return to his old Church—the True universal Church, because soon the new church of Rome will be purged, and East and West will once again be one.” He paused and intoned, “The schism was devil’s work from the very beginning... the most superfluous act of evil in all of Christendom …
With Our President, the Russian Christian Faith had reemerged, and that threatened both the elites and the Ro­mans. Now that he is in hiding, and his government has been overturned by the West, the Orthodox Church is once again looked upon as a failure. It has been put back into its place, only to quickly become the empty shell it once was. This Western form of democratic government that has been imposed on Russia by Western elites has branded the Orthodox hierarchy as being out of touch. In all the confusion, they have no idea that what I am doing could ever be done…"
He looked up at them all and added, "I know in my heart that Our President will return and the Church will be one, forever. In the meantime, my work in the trenches goes on.”
 He bent his head for a blessing from Kefa, “Pray I can remain under their radar, Holy Father.”
“God jam their radar,” Kefa said with a gleam in his eyes and placed his hands onto the top of the head of the newly ordained Catholic Priest who wore the cassock of a member of the Russian Orthodox clergy.

When Daniil lifted his head, Kefa put out his hand to him and shook it warmly. “We will keep each other up­dated.”
“Through the same channels,” Father Daniil nodded in agreement.
Then Daniil shook the hand of Arnaldo and the old man said to him, “Wherever Jesus in Mary is, Michael is close by and he is far more powerful than any fallen an­gel, more powerful than even satan himself.”

When he turned to Frank and Maria, Daniil couldn’t help but think to himself that somehow he would be see­ing a lot more of them as time went by.
For Frank and Maria the feeling was mutual.
“I think we will see each other again,” Daniil said to both of them.
Frank shook his hand, “You can count on it.”
Maria shook his hand, smiled, and said, “The adven­ture begins.”
8
Hitting the Streets 
Rome, Vatican, Next Day – evening:
In Kefa’s Apartment, there were three living areas: the foyer was set up for meeting dignitaries. In this room, there was only a desk, a few chairs, some ornate wall cover­ings and two very tall windows. The next room was a sitting room. In it, there were some chairs and couches and a piano left over from a previous occupant, a suitcase, and a writing desk, where Sister Maria sat scrolling through the web on her laptop. The third room, the bed­room, was quite plain and modest. Its window looked out onto St. Peter’s Square. Kefa was in his bedroom dress­ing.
Kefa emerged from his dressing room wearing street clothes, kaki pants, and a button down blue shirt with rolled up sleeves. He wore a dark blue ball cap with the emblem of Mary of Guadalupe on it… It was similar to the ball caps both Frank and Maria wore.

Pushing her cap back on her head down over her long pony tail to get a better look, Sister Maria spun around in her chair, sporting a wide grin, “Very good, Holy Father. No one will ever suspect you to be the head of the Ro­man Catholic Church, the Pope himself… Yet,” she took a closer look and couldn’t help but remark, “To me, you do look like the Vicar of Christ, even more so… when­ever you are in street clothes. I don’t mean to be disrespect­ful… I don’t know why… but you just do.” She wore a long flowing orange skirt and a black top, with a small gold Cross-about her neck.
“It’s the times we are living in, Sister. Things don’t ap­pear as they are anymore. All that’s gold no longer glit­ters,” he smiled. Kefa adjusted his ball cap and moved to look out the window. Down below, in the Square, the sun had just set. People were walking about. Kefa was certain that nobody would know he was missing from the Vatican for at least a few days, and by that time, they wouldn’t be able to locate him. That was how much of a figurehead of little importance the Pope had become in the modern church. However, Kefa knew that he would be able to go unrecognized into the streets of his assigned region in North America. There he would gather to the Mark the proverbial two of each of the Faithful; and bring them into the safety of the Mark’s rough hewn beams, and the security of its watertight pitch… and that, for him, was all that mattered then.

There was a knock at the door.

Sister Maria walked over and opened it.

Frank stood in the doorway and asked, “Are we ready?”
“Yes,” Kefa threw on a crumpled jacket that was lay­ing across a chair. He went to pick up his suitcase, but Frank grabbed it.
“The guards are on a break. I saw to it,” Frank said to him.
Sister Maria spotted Kefa’s white Papal cap laying on the chair. She picked it up and handed it to Kefa. She smiled a smile that constantly disarmed. Kefa returned the smile and put the white cap in his jacket pocket.

They walked into the empty foyer. Frank went to the exit door; opened it a bit and stuck his head out and looked both ways down the long empty hallway. He mo­tioned the all clear. Kefa left following Frank. Sister Maria covered his back.

They took the utility stairs.

***
In the rear of the Annex Building there was a door lead­ing out to a small parking lot. A long blue awning stretched from the door to the foot of the pavement.

Frank moved on ahead, “I’ll get the car.”
Kefa stood there at the awning’s edge and a guard ap­proached.

“Excuse me, sir, but do you, ah, have’a your badge’a?” The Italian guard politely asked in broken Eng­lish. He didn’t recognize Kefa.
Sister Maria stepped up from behind. “He’s with me.”
With a deep melodious tone he said, “Oh, scusa, Suor Maria; I did not ‘a see you,” the guard apologized, tipped his hat, and walked away.

Frank pulled up in a dark blue, otherwise nondescript four-door sedan. Kefa climbed into the front seat and Sis­ter Maria got into the back.

They drove off to the airport.

“We’ll be in LA tomorrow,” Frank said. “You have your passport, Kefa?” Frank smiled.
“Mister Scanapicco to you,” Kefa slid his passport out from his breast pocket and flashed it for both to see.

They drove on out of the quiet Vatican single lane street, past the sleepy guardhouse and into the busy streets of Rome.

Another car, a chauffeured black limo, just happened to be driving along the same public street as it was about to turn into the Vatican. It drove past the dark blue car. In the back seat of the black limo was Vitorio Riggio, the head of the Vatican Bank, having been picked up from Da Vinci Airport where he had returned that day from his vacation in the Cayman Islands.
9
Ramping Up 
Archangel, Russia, Shipyard – afternoon:
The shipyard was busy. Three additional crews had been added making it possible for two freighters to be worked on simultaneously.

At the console table in the satellite truck’s control room, Sergei took charge of directing the work of one ship while Lazar managed the retrofitting activities of the other.
“How did he manage to get the other crews so quickly?” Lazar asked, while lighting up another ciga­rette.
“He offered them more paper money,” Sergei replied while watching another section of a missile silo being lowered into the hull of the Potemkin.
“And they took it?”
“He had to send most of them to the other plants… there were so many of them applying.”
“Money… what a tool.”
“It’ll be slow going at first in this initial training phase as the original crew has to be divided over two ships and teach the new crew members the routine of form­ing the silos, lowering them into the emptied hulls, and welding them in place.” Sergei said.
“But once the crews have been fully trained, each ship should be retrofitted in half the time.”
“Half the time, so we will be ready,” Sergei said while adjusting the focus on one of the cameras.
“He knows to do this so quickly that they will never be able to react,” Lazar said.
“They’ll never know what hit them… all six billion of them,” Sergei started laughing.
Lazar joined in and made a strange howling noise.
“Quiet down! They’re liable to hear.”
“It won’t hurt. They need to get used to their new sur­roundings.” Lazar snorted out another howl.
Sergei glanced a cold stare at him. “His time hasn’t come yet. Be quiet!”

Sergei and Lazar were able to work around the clock without any sleep. However, the ship, Potemkin, was al­ready three days over schedule and the next freighter was still at least five days from completion.
10
Bus Ride into the Future 
Los Angeles – evening:
Coming out of the Hollywood Hills, on the 101 Free­way going south, beneath a large lit up Cross on a hill, a blue and white charter bus was stuck in bumper-to-bum­per, slow moving, rush hour traffic. To the west was down­town LA. In the twilight, the lights of the city be­gan to overtake the remaining daylight. Several planes, departing and arriving, dotted the sun setting sky like slow moving blips on an enormous radar screen.

The red and white car lights of the traffic on the 101 looked like two passing pythons, slithering slowly away in opposite directions.

Kefa, Frank, and Maria took a small group of about thirty Catholics who were at least familiar, if not actual Devotees to one degree or another, with Montfort’s True Devotion. They had been recruited to establish a Mark in Southern California. They were being taken on a field trip to illustrate what some of the effects of a global EMP attack might be. On board were two of the leaders of the Mark. Both were Monks of Faith from a Monastery in New Mexico. They had agreed to join the building effort in the Southern California desert after having been given leave of their monastic duties, as soon as they had re­ceived a call from Cardinal Ritchey.

Inside the bus, Frank stood and addressed the thirty or so passengers. “Look out your windows and imagine for a moment. The lights all go out. All the car engines shut off at once and the moving traffic crawls to a stop. Since there are no brake lights, several cars plow into the cars in front of them… in slow motion.
“Everyone is getting out of their cars, holding dark cell phones in their hands. Many are angry because nothing works.
“The strange sound of rushing air gets closer. A jet falls out of the dark sky and crashes nose first into the standing traffic. Its full tanks of jet fuel explode. People panicked are running aimlessly from their stalled cars into the night.
“The distant dark sky is now lit up only by the moon, the stars and the uncontrolled fires caused by falling planes. Where there should be the raging noise of police, ambulance, and fire truck sirens, there is only an eerie quiet and the ambient sounds of people wondering about in the dark without a clue as to what had just happened.”
The bus was stopped in traffic. No one said a word. They continued to look out their windows and imagine.

About midway down the aisle, a young woman, Irene More, from Orange County, blond haired, in her thirties, sitting next to her husband, Jonny, turned from the win­dow and asked Frank, who was still standing, “Father, I understand why we’re doing this. My husband and I real­ize Mary is providing Her help to us through you. We get it. We’ve been reading the buds on the fig trees for some time now and praying for something like the Mark to show up. We’ll help build the Mark; that’s not a problem, but until there’s a place to live out there in the desert, I have to stay here with the kids. My question is—what if my husband or I was stuck in traffic and it happened just as you said. What would we do? What about our child­ren?”
“We’ve got to help each other work out plans for all con­tingencies.” Frank said.
Kefa spoke up, “If you have to go more than a mile or two from your children, bring them with you.”
“We home school ours.”
“Good.”
“Should we have them practice our escape plans with us?”
“By all means, yes. You’re going to have to get to the Mark when that time comes, as a family.”
The young mother, Irene, glanced at her husband with a troubled look on her face.
Frank asked her husband, Jonny, “How old are your child­ren?”
Jonny, an LA fireman, answered, “Little Jonny’s seven, Franco’s five and daughter, Lucia, is two.” It was a typi­cal, young California family.
“Look. We’re going to show you how to establish a safe haven to go to when this happens, but a major part of any escape from this lies in the logistics of the actual escape. You’ll need to have plans of escape for all contin­gencies, including how you’re going to get to your safe haven, namely the Mark, when that time comes. You have young children. You’re going to have to escape as a family. So you’ve got to start staying close to one another and practicing as a family.”
Jonny asked, “What if I’m out on a fire.”
“Your family stays in the house until you return. When­ever you’re called to a fire, have a plan for getting home. Keep a bike at the firehouse or bring it with you on your runs.”
“Right.”
Kefa said to everyone on the bus, “Keep bikes, sup­plies, maps, food, and so forth, in your family car so that all of you can get away or at least get back to your house without a car on a moment’s notice.”

Maria, working a GPS navigator, directed the driver to turn off at the next exit.

***
The big blue bus pulled into the crowded parking lot of a major membership, warehouse store.

As the bus maneuvered into a parking space, Frank stood and explained the reason for the stop. “Let’s break up into groups of four or five when we go in here. It’s a grocery store … a very large grocery store.
“I want you to pay special attention to the faces of these people, but especially to their eyes. These people have never grown nor produced their own food. Yet they expect it to be always provided for them… like magic. They don’t know God in Mary as we do, so they will react to their own hunger predictably; they’ll want their food and they’ll want it immediately. There will be no discipline. It will become dog-eat-dog almost imme­diately—instantaneous chaos.”
“We’re not here to shop. We’re here to observe and try to imagine what these people will be like when there is no more food.” Kefa said.

They got off the bus, divided into small groups, and walked to the store’s entrance. As they walked through the parking lot, people were mechanically emptying their loaded carts into their cars. Others scrambled for empty carts discarded everywhere and pushed them toward the giant entrance into the warehouse structure.

Once inside, Kefa gazed up at the twenty-five-foot high ceiling. He looked for the sky but only saw the under­side of a steel roof.

He and his small group walked through a blur of scream­ing children, the pushing and shoving of carts, pack­ages and boxes being loaded; food everywhere; hun­ger causing it all; and the eyes… all tired and dark… in this, the modern day… feeding frenzy…

When they returned to the bus, Frank stood in the aisle in the front. “Everyone in that store will have eaten most of the food they purchased here within three or four days from today,” Frank stated. “And within three or four days after a global EMP attack, this store will have been bro­ken into and looted of all food by masses of hungry people. There will be no truck deliveries to replenish the shelves; no refrigeration to keep the food fresh. In short, there will be no food for these people you see here today within three or four days of the Attack.” Kefa bent to look out through the window at the ongoing process of unloading into cars, carts full of food. He uttered, “What then?”

The blue bus made its way out of the parking lot and onto the road again. It headed for the airport.

***
At a municipal airport, there was a place for parking at the side of a road at the end of a runway. People could park there off the side of the road and watch planes land and takeoff. The bus was parked and everyone sat on one side and watched planes take off and pass directly over­head.

“At any hour up to ten thousand aircraft can be taking off or climbing all across the United States. At takeoff and ascent, a plane is carrying a full load of fuel. If the electronics were to fail in a plane’s initial ascent, it would stall and drop to the ground and explode. Most of the buildings under the paths of ascending aircraft are made of wood frame construction—very flammable. In a global EMP attack, there would be no water pressure and no fire trucks to put out fires.” Frank raised his voice, “They would burn uncontrollably.”
“It may not occur this way,” Kefa said, “but it could, es­pecially if you notice planes flying in the sky around the moment of the actual Attack. So be aware that things could fall out of the sky immediately after the Attack.”
The blast of jet engines taking off and passing about 100 feet above the bus drowned out Frank’s voice.

***
The bus pulled up alongside a large, lit up electric util­ity substation.

Everyone got out of the bus; stood along the fence line and stared through the chain links at the maze of very large, high voltage electrical components. There was a low hum of high voltage electricity caused by its being made to flow in a particular direction.

Kefa focused on the Ultra High Voltage power transfor­mer. He moved in closer to the fence to get a bet­ter look.
“What do you see?” Maria asked.
“Part of the vision.”
“The substation?”
“Yes. I never knew they were so big.”
Frank addressed the crowd. “You see that twenty-foot high gray box? That’s a transformer. There are about seven hundred of them in the U.S. alone. You can’t get electricity without them. They weigh over two-hundred tons and take about three years to make and deliver. They’re not even manufactured in the U.S. any more.”
Kefa turned to Maria, “He shut it off. The Russian Gen­eral. He shut it off.”
“The military officer… who looked like Lenin?”
“His green eyes were like thick, glassy contact lenses.”
He looked down for a moment and prayed, “Father, keep Daniil safe.”

“There’s probably three or four thousand of them throughout the world.” Frank sounded increasingly like a tour guide. “Wherever there’s electricity generated, there’s got to be one of those gray boxes.” Frank stepped back from the fence and looked at them all, except for Kefa and Maria, who were off to the side by themselves. The others all turned around and looked at Frank who continued speaking, “In a global EMP attack, they’ll all go down and stay down. They’ll never be manufactured again, because about ninety percent of the world’s popula­tion will be lost. It’ll be logistically impossible to bring the electric grids back on in time. The global infra­structure will go down.
“This isn’t just an attack on America. We’re talking Bibli­cal proportions now. This is a world war, but unlike previous wars, it will not be a war of nations against na­tions … It will be a world war of the elite global ruling class against the people. There’s too many of us. They’re going to thin us out. And don’t kid yourselves, this global ruling class—they all talk to one another; they all know one another; they are not bound by patriotism or loyalty to any one particular nation.” Frank had an urgent look on his face, “Most everyone has been lulled to sleep by the errors of Russia’s past ways that have taken root in America.” He looked carefully at the small group and persisted, “So stay awake! And keep watch… and build the Mark.”

“Electricity… electricity… that’s all it takes…” Kefa re­marked to Maria. “Talk about an Achilles Heel.” He pulled his ball cap down over his forehead and walked back toward the bus.

A red, late model convertible drove past. Two girls in the front seat were laughing and singing to the loud mu­sic playing. Maria watched them speed past, down the road. One of the girls was putting her makeup on in a lit up mirror on the back of the sun visor. Maria stood watch­ing them while Kefa walked slowly ahead.
Kefa turned and paused to look at the car before get­ting onto the bus. “Stupid,” he said to Maria and watched the car as it drove away. “And they have been delibe­rately trained and programmed to be that way… by the global public school systems… They are unable to rea­son… They have been deliberately made to be stupid.”
Maria sighed. “They say that when the women were coming out of the boxcars after having just arrived at the Nazi concentration camp in Auschwitz, and as they were being immediately led to the showers…” Maria’s voice faded as she went on, “they were mostly concerned only with their hair and makeup…,” she continued to stare at the car as it faded away in the distance.
“Stupid,” Kefa said again.
A breeze swept Maria’s light brown hair from under her cap across her face. They both turned and stepped up into the bus. They could still hear the steady flow of elec­tricity humming through the course veins of modern civili­zation.

When they all came back onboard the bus, someone asked Frank if it was possible to protect the transformers and the grid from EMP.

“Maybe. No one really knows… and no one really cares… Technology is about maxed-out. Call it Peak Tech­nology, if you will. The Russians are said to have nuclear devices that can pierce any of our hardening ar­mor, but even before you harden the transformer, how do you harden an entire electric generating plant? How do you harden the grids? Nobody knows. And one more thing, there is no way to protect satellites from the degrada­tion to their orbits resulting from very high alti­tude EMP…
“Anyway, do you really trust that some government bu­reaucrat is going to take care of it? I don’t. Remember, we’re talking about the same government and the same populace that has allowed over eight thousand very young, very helpless Americans… to be systematically slaughtered every day… for decades and decades and decades… and it still goes on. I think the country has been lulled to sleep morally… No… technology’s not going to get us out of this, only the True universal Church can…, but who’s going to listen?”

Then a quiet young woman, in the very back asked Kefa a question. She was pregnant. “Holy Father, I under­stand what you’re trying to do, and I appreciate it; but all this talk about the chastisement: I’ve got my own daily chastisement, Father. I’m expecting our first in two months; my husband is being transferred to Washington D.C. We have bills to pay, moving expenses; my mother has been hospitalized. This is chastisement for me al­ready. I honestly think if something like what you’re say­ing ever happened, then, all right. So be it. I’ll be taken out of here and away from all the daily chastisement I already have to go through. I’ll be in Heaven.”

Kefa shot a steely glance at her, “Daily chastisement! Daily chastisement? Do you have any idea what’s about to happen? Do you have any idea what these people are going to do when there’s no food! What happens to His Church then? Are we to let it be ravaged by packs of wolves?” He reared back his head and said, “You’ll be taken out of here?” he asked quite incredulously. “You make it sound like it’s going to be some kind of a magic carpet ride… Like you’re expecting to be beamed up or something. You’re not going to be beamed up, my dear; I’ll tell you that! There will be no food! No police! Not even a toilet! Do you know what they’ll do to you? Do you have any idea what they’ll do to your baby… right in front of your eyes?”
“I think you may be exaggerating. With all due respect, Holy Father, God will protect me.”

Kefa was overwhelmed with pity for her. He didn’t know how to get through to her… how to make her under­stand. Yes, God protects, but there are many differ­ent ways He protects. He protected the martyrs when they were being torn to pieces because He protected their souls… but they were still torn to pieces. Kefa knew the Mark was about a specific kind of protection during and after the Purge. It was about protection through escape and survival—His Church’s escape… His Church’s sur­vival.

He tried to bargain with her, “This is your only means of the protection I think you’re hoping for. But if you leave here… you’re on your own. There will be no es­cape. Yes, I too pray God that you’ll wind up in Heaven, but from the looks of it, what a route you’re about to take to get there. You don’t strike me as the martyr type… but maybe I’m wrong.”
“I know, but my husband’s job right now is much more important to me. I am sorry.”
“You know? What is it that you think you know?” Kefa looked hard into her eyes and said, “Get any of those delusions of rapture out of your head. This ain’t gonna be pretty. That’s why they call it—chastisement.
She didn’t say anything.

“Where are you with the True Devotion?” Maria asked.

“Nowhere really; I’m only familiar with it because my father did it and told me about it.”
“Have you ever tried to pursue it?” Maria pressed her.
“Yes, but I couldn’t get anywhere with it,” she said.

Kefa knew then that when it came right down to it, she couldn’t understand what the purpose of the Mark was. That was not to say that she wasn’t one of the Elect. That was only to say that she wasn’t about to become one of the Elect who escaped the coming Purge. Kefa let her go. “We’ll pray for you. Pray for Her guidance; and know you can always change your mind. You know how to reach us … while there’s still time.”

Frank, on the other hand, recognized in her a common thread with all who abandoned the Devotion. It was often never given them to advance immediately from the mo­ment of their first contact with it. He knew from expe­rience that the Holy Ghost was very selective with who­mever He allowed to approach His Spouse directly. He had known, from experience, there are some who first abandon the True Devotion, but then later, are called back. From then on, they never leave it again. He knew this because it had happened to him.
“What’s your name?” Frank asked her.
“Rachel,” the frail young woman said.
Frank wrote down the location of the Mark nearest to Washington, D.C. and handed it to her. “There’ll be a Mark in West Virginia. This is the location. Should you change your mind, go there.”
“Thank you, Father. I’ll keep the address. I don’t think I’ll be using it, but thank you anyway.”
“Keep in mind, Rachel: the Global EMP Attack will not occur only if the entire world is reconverted back to the True Faith; but until that happens, we must be singu­larly concerned with the Church’s logistical survival in the event of such an Attack.”

“One more thing,” Kefa said to them all. “Have you no­ticed recently that some people are actually going around promoting the idea of a Global EMP Attack as a good thing? They’re saying a global EMP Laydown would be a good and noble thing… that it would be good for mankind… that drastically reducing the world’s popula­tion would conserve our scarce natural re­sources… and most of all… they’re saying we should do it—‘for the children’.”

Kefa turned and glanced a steely glance out of the side of his eyes. “They’ll be the very first ones to run to their own prearranged survival shelters right before they would ever drink the very same cool aid they’re trying to push on us.” His voice became cold. “They’re plants, moles, programmed… They’re handled by the elites… They’ve been triggered.
"The Faith, though, will not go away, and even though the elites have occupied the Vatican itself for decades, they cannot destroy the Faith. It will not die. So the elites have decided to ignore it, and are proceeding with Plan B—The Clean Slate Theory. The people are obviously too ignorant, too rebellious; they cling to their ancient superstitions, and are unable to recognize the genius of the master race of the ruling elites; therefore ninety per­cent of the people must be exterminated; the remaining ten percent will serve the master race and the New Planet will finally emerge. That's what they have planned and prepared for.
“The time is close… very close… Maintain your stores of oil…. Your lamps must be kept ready. The time for the Light of the Mark draws near.”
11
A Saint for Russia 
Chyzghem, Russia – morning:
Spring was about to bloom in the south of Russia. In the beautiful Alpine like setting of a two-hundred-and-ten acre Mark on the remote outskirts of the small Rus­sian village of Chyzghem, the morning Mass, according to the Ancient Rite, was just finishing. It was being cele­brated at the small Catholic Chapel, named after the Mark—Our Lady of the Theotokos. The Chapel was still under construction. The Church was surrounded by one of the Mark’s many apple orchards. The spring blossoms were beginning to emerge.

When Daniil finished the liturgy, a group of about thirty left the partially completed Church and returned to the work of building the Mark.

Daniil looked up through the rafters of the roof to the clouds rolling past in the morning sky above. He took his vestments off and laid them on a bench near the Altar. He picked up a leather tool belt filled with ten-penny nails, a hammer, and a tape measure. He strapped it on and walked outside the Church to a ladder leaning up against the top of the Church’s outer stonewall. Grabbing a twelve foot long piece of one-by-eight pine off of the top of the stack, he maneuvered up the ladder and slapped the board down along the top edge of a piece of roofing sheathing already nailed down onto the rafters. He gave the loose board a couple of taps with his ham­mer to line it up with the center of the rafter at one end of the board.
Once he had it in place, he grabbed a small handful of nails and placed a few of them in his mouth by hold­ing the heads with his lips. Checking to make sure one more time that the board was perfectly lined up, he started the nail and was about to slam the head into the board when a white cargo van pulled up alongside and beeped its horn. Daniil spit out the nails. He had missed the nail and slammed the hammer’s head directly onto the exact nerve center of his already badly bruised thumb.
He threw the hammer down to grab hold of his thumb. The hammer bounced off the loose board and fell through the rafters onto the cement floor below. “What do you guys want?” He shouted down at the two Rus­sians in the van.
“We picked up the books,” the oldest of the two broth­ers said. Vova was twenty-seven, tall, bearded with short brown hair. He and his younger brother, Oleg, had lived in the village all their lives. The village was forty-seven miles away from the very remote Mark. They had worked as carpenters and barely made enough to make ends meet while they took care of their elderly mother who had passed away one year ago that day. They were Catholic catechumens, Catholics in training, who had heard Daniil speak of the Mark to a select group of Ortho­dox members of their village Church and decided to join Daniil’s group and to help build the Mark.
“Oh,” Daniil was still nursing his thumb.
“Do you want some help with that?” Oleg, the twenty-five year old said very cheerfully while raising his head out over the top of the van from the driver’s side. He had all the same features as his brother, but without the beard.
“No, I’m coming down. I’ll show you where to put them.” Daniil still sounded annoyed. He took off his belt, buckled it around one of the rafters, and climbed down the ladder.
“How’s your thumb?” Vova said trying to hold back a grin.
“I think you timed that,” Daniil said looking at him sus­piciously. “You, above all, know better than to sneak up on someone who’s about to drive a nail.” He slid opened the side panel door and climbed in amongst the cartons of books. “I think you timed it,” Daniil persisted. “If I hit this thumb one more time it’s going to turn into mush.” He grabbed hold of the door handle and slid the door shut.

The brothers glanced a quick grin at one another and drove off.

***
They pulled up to the barn and backed in through the open door. There were three other new white vans parked up against the side of the barn. All around there was a lot of building activity going on. Four new, small, one-story wood frame houses had already been completed or were near completion. They were all very basic, but enough for a single family to get by on. On the hillside, two under­ground entrances had been cut and workers were busy shoring up and excavating tunnels deep into the steep hill. Piles of materials were scattered all about, while in the fields cattle were grazing and the soil was being prepared for spring planting.
Daniil jumped out of the van. He grabbed a couple of wood pallets and laid them up against the wall of one of the empty horse stalls. “We’ll stack them here for now and move them later into an underground storage area.
Vova handed him the shipping list. Daniil checked off the manifest as they stacked the cartons.
“Augustine, I don’t see Augustine. We’re missing Augustine?” Daniil said with a note of remorse in his voice.
“Oh, that’s right,” Oleg said. “The vendor said he won’t have the Russian translations of Augustine till next week, Wednesday possibly, but Thursday at the latest.”
“Well, you’ll have to pick them up yourselves. I won’t be here next week. Don’t forget.” Daniil made a notation on the list and gave it to Oleg.
“I don’t think we’ll be able to do that,” Oleg handed him back the list.
“No?” Daniil sensed something was coming. Proba­bly they didn’t want to be a part of the Mark any longer. Can’t say he blamed them, he thought. After all, the whole thing did sound a little farfetched, no matter how convincing Kefa might have been.
But it wasn’t that at all. Quite the contrary. “Vova and I have decided that we must stay with you as your bodyguards. You can’t do whatever it is you’re trying to do all by yourself, Daniil. The Motherland is way too big for one person.”

Daniil had to smile to himself. Thank you, Father, he thought. He had offered the morning Mass for a special intention. He had asked His Jesus through Mary for some­one in the way of assistants to help him, and within a matter of minutes, it seemed, his prayer had been ans­wered.
“Sooner or later, Daniil, the government will catch wind of you and what you are doing. You will need some­one to watch your back.” Vova, who was four years younger than Daniil, spoke like an older brother to him.
Daniil reached out and grasped both their hands, “Broth­ers.”
“So, what is our first assignment?” Vova said with a se­rious look.
“I need to find out what I can about this new govern­ment. What are they up to?” Daniil said without hesita­tion.
Vova was a bit caught off guard; he wasn’t expecting it to be quite that serious of an assignment.
Oleg thought for a moment and said, “I don’t know if it means anything, but we have a cousin. He lives in Votkinsk…”
“Yes, that is right,” Vova said. “It is where the old mis­sile assembly plant was.”
“It has been quiet for many years, but recently he says there is a whole lot of activity going on there,” Oleg said.
“We were on the phone with him just the other day,” Vova said.
“Votkinsk… missile plant…” Daniil thought aloud.
Vova continued, “He was telling us that there were plenty of good paying jobs there all of the sudden; if we were interested he could put in a good word for us. We said, ‘No, we weren’t interested.’”
Daniil pushed the rim of his glasses up against his eye­brows. He made a quick decision. “Yes, we’ll go to Votkinsk. We’ll take one of the vans. I’ll have to make a quick stop in Moscow first.” Daniil’s wife and three daugh­ters lived in a small apartment in Moscow. Daniil still hadn’t decided whether they should remain in Mos­cow or move to a Mark, perhaps in another country.
He then looked into their eager faces and said sin­cerely, “This is dangerous. If you don’t want to go …”
“We are going,” Oleg said without hesitation.
“I’ll get our things from the farmhouse. We are ready to go now.” Vova said.
Daniil glanced at the carton marked “Montfort.” He tore open the top of the carton and pulled out two small books with the Russian title: “True Devotion to Mary.”
 He handed a copy to each of them. “You both told me when we had first met that Mary will always be your Mother. Well, I want you to read this through, a couple of times. Then, I want you to start reading a paragraph or two each day, and throughout the day think about what you read. Promise me you’ll do this every day from hereon out.”
Both took the books into their hands and glanced at them. They gave a determined nod, smiled, and said to­gether, “Promise.”
“Good, let’s go.”
12
Catacombs along the Adriatic 
Italy, Adriatic Coastline - morning:
The gentle, clear water of the Adriatic washed up onto the rough Italian shoreline situated along a stretch of what appeared on the map as the Italian heel. Stones bleached by the sun carpeted the beach from the water’s edge up to a cavernous cliff side of white sandstone. At the top of the cliff, rich farmlands were being cultivated once again after years of neglect.

On the shore, two workers emerged from an ancient tun­nel pushing a wheel barrel full of white rocks chipped from the back end of an ever-deepening tunnel. They dumped the rock onto a tailing pile at the edge of the wa­ter.

In a crystal pool, underneath a large open cave, a small fishing boat was about to be tied off to a stone ledge at the side of the grotto. The tall, slim Sister Catherine finished tying off the boat onto a rusted cleat. The Italian Nun was assigned all of Italy as her region of the Mark during the recent planning session at Kefa’s Roman Farmhouse. With a Guadalupe ball cap covering her long blond hair tied up in a knot on top of her head, and wearing blue work overalls, she was helping a small group of True Catholics set up one of the three Marks in her regional network. The Mark was called the Cata­combs of Saint Steven according to an ancient tradition that dated back to the second century.

“Let’s take the boxes of canned goods first and stack them on the cart,” she said to the four Italians standing on the ledge. She jumped into the back of the small boat.
One man straddled the ledge and the boat. The thirty-seven year old Sister Catherine, with the graceful agility of her youth, passed the first box up to him. He in turn handed it to another who placed it onto the cart.
When the cart was loaded, Sister Catherine climbed up and took hold of the cart handle.
“I’ll get it, Sister. You push,” an older man said.
Catherine looked up and saw that it was the old exorc­ist, “Arnaldo, I thought I said you could only help with the light work. This is not light work.”
“You don’t know Arnaldo,” he said with a grin, took hold of the handle, and easily pulled the cart down the side of the ledge. “This is a different kind of light at work.”
She shook her head, “What am I going to do with you?”
“Pick up something and stack it a little higher,” he said. “Don’t waste a trip. Remember what Anthony said… do it like…”
“I know. I know… like there’s no tomorrow.” She walked back and lifted a box from the stack. Where does he get his energy? She wondered. It must be from having hung around all those photons most of his life, she smiled to herself. She had hardly any idea what a photon was and had no idea at all about whatever it was Frank had spoken of that day at the Farmhouse. She was truly fortu­nate in that she had managed to avoid going to college. She came from a wealthy family and at an early age had given it all up to minister to the very poor. When she had met Maria, she was first introduced to the Devotion. They became good friends and she latter joined Maria’s very tiny order, as its one and only novice.
Catherine stacked the box she carried onto the cart. While Arnaldo pulled, she pushed the cart down the ledge and to the back of the cavern where there was an opening into an ancient tunnel.

Two men stayed behind and continued to unload the boat. They planed to carry one box at a time from the boat and stack it at the tunnel’s entrance. Some of the boxes already stacked were marked: “Beacons.” They contained materials for building Frank’s signaling de­vices.

Inside the tunnel, there was barely room to stand up. Ar­naldo led holding a flashlight in one hand to light the path. The walls and ceiling were blackened by the hundreds of torches of those who had come this way, centu­ries ago, in search of escape.

Further along, a stream of sunlight coming from a small round opening in the ceiling illuminated the path. He turned off his flashlight and proceeded along the winding tunnel. The light continued to come in through small shafts chiseled in the stone to the outside. Water tanks had been placed under the shafts to collect rainwa­ter.

The ceiling gradually got higher. By this time, it was about ten feet high and wide. The gravel on the floor had been ground fine and packed firmly. The small team maneu­vering the cart nodded to other builders of the Mark who happened to be passing by. The tunnel split off every so often into other tunnels. Arnaldo turned down one of the other tunnels. There was much light com­ing from a large opening at the end of the tunnel. The voices of children at play were sounding nearer as the small team pushed and pulled the cart.

At the end was a large arched opening leading into an enormous domed room. Four long wood tables lined half of the circular wall of the room. There was seating for about a hundred and fifty. At the far end of the room was the kitchen area. Above the tables, painted along the con­cave walls reaching twenty feet high at the center of the ceiling were the well-preserved frescos painted by Early Christians who had found safe haven there during similar times of trouble.
The portraits of the twelve Apostles encircled the domed ceiling. The lively eyes of each Apostle were di­rected toward the fresco of Jesus. Whether it was the steady stare from the fierce eyes of Peter, or the wide, gentle deer like eyes of John, they were all focused on the larger image of Jesus at the far end of the ceiling. Jesus’ eyes gazed up at Mary, His Mother, resplendently portrayed in the center of the ceiling. Her blue and white gown almost wavered. With Her eyes fixed on Jesus, She appeared to be floating to Heaven through a large open­ing in the frescoed clouds with golden rays of piercing light shining down. Beneath Jesus and ensconced within a grotto carved into the wall, with two additional long wood tables at either side, was a small stone table that had been placed over a stone tomb of an unknown martyr in the year 146. It was an ancient Altar. Behind it, a taber­nacle had been cut into the stone wall. A red candle flickered.
There were several smaller openings of tunnels lead­ing away from the room. At another tunnel entrance to the side of the kitchen area, Catherine and Arnaldo wheeled their cart. Once inside that tunnel, it imme­diately opened on to a cavernous storage area. Here, there were stacks of boxes of canned goods and sacks of rice, flour, and beans. Several men and women were stack­ing and organizing the supplies. As they unloaded the cart, Catherine grabbed another empty cart and started to pull it as she headed back to the boat with the others.

“Oh, so you get to pull when the cart is empty,” the old man said to her.
“Get in,” she ordered abruptly and smiled.
Arnaldo brushed the bottom of the cart with a scarf he had tied around his neck. He sat down and leaned against the handrail. “Drive on,” he waved his hand in jest.
“Don’t push it, old man,” She grinned.
Catherine and Arnaldo emerged from the labyrinth of tunnels into the grotto where the boat was moored. Sup­plies, which were stacked high, awaited them. They posi­tioned the cart and began the process of loading it up again.

The boat, which was owned by two local fishermen who had joined the Mark, was fully unloaded. It moved from the dock and headed north again to receive another boatload of supplies and make the journey back to the Mark one more time. It would be able to make two more trips that day and bring supplies to the small Mark while there was still daylight.

Beyond the grotto along the shoreline, the two men were again dumping their wheel barrels full of stones, freshly excavated, onto the tailing pile.
High above their heads, an eagle circled and landed on a perch at the side of the cliff. He let out his singular cry that echoed off the water.
“He’s warning any other birds of prey to stay away.” One man said to the other.
They continued looking up at the magnificent crea­ture. “I’ve never seen an eagle in these parts. I wonder what it means.
13
The Plant 
Votkinsk, Russia – night:
In northern Russia, about eight miles from the Votkinsk Machine Building Plant for ballistic missile pro­duction, a cold wind swept the late spring snow up against the tires of a twenty-two-wheeler, elongated fuel tanker stopped at the main entrance gate to the Votkinsk final assembly plant. The fine snow landing on the truck disappeared when it landed on the white and tan camouf­lage painted trailer.

At the dimly lit guardhouse, the night guard raised the gate and waved the truck through. Apparently, under no load, the truck quickly accelerated and headed down the snow swept road to the first of many rows of build­ings. There were hundreds of buildings in the facility, many of which had been built by Stalin’s gulag slave la­bor force.
Modified HAARP towers emitting radio frequencies suf­ficient to shield the entire facility from satellite observa­tion at night, rung the area.
After driving a third of the way down the first row and approaching a large gray building, Number 86, which emitted no light and looked abandoned, the truck slowed to a stop. The driver jumped out and walked quickly in the cold night air to a switch at the side of an elephant door. He threw the switch and the door slowly rolled open; lights came on, the driver jumped back into the cab and the truck entered. Once inside, the truck came to another quick stop. The airbrakes hissed. The driver jumped out and threw another switch on the inside wall and the door slowly began to close.

Laying on a frozen embankment of snow in front of Building 86, Daniil, Vova, and Oleg peered out over the top and watched carefully as the elephant door closed shut. They turned and looked back toward the guard­house a quarter of a mile away under a solitary group of lights. Everywhere else was dark and there was no activ­ity. They waited a few minutes for the truck to move away. From their side of the door the sound of the truck’s diesel engine slowly began to fade away.
“Let’s go,” Daniil ran over the top of the embank­ment and to the switch on the wall next to the door. The two brothers followed. Daniil threw the switch and the door rumbled open. At the first crack of an opening, the three slid through and Daniil went quickly to the inside switch and threw it just as the lights were about to come back on. The door’s motion reversed and it closed shut again. The area inside was vacant. There was an under­ground ramp leading down around a curve about a hun­dred feet away. Daniil took his camera out of his pocket and the three took off their parkas and hid them behind a rusted barrel at the side of the wall. There was noise and light coming from below. They heard the truck still in­ching its way down the ramp. It had just rounded the curve. They hurried to catch up to it.

Several levels down, the truck came to a large under­ground loading area with twenty bays and several parked trucks, five of which were other twenty-two wheeler tanker trucks. The driver pulled alongside one of the parked trucks, while the three jumped away from the back end of the truck and hid behind stacks of mechani­cal parts resting on pallets in an empty loading bay.

The driver backed the rig into another loading bay and gently tapped the truck’s bumper up against the dock’s rubber bumpers. He got out of the cab and walked up a few stairs to a dispatch house. The driver handed some paperwork to one of the guards. The guard looked it over and handed it to a younger guard who left the area through double swinging doors.
As the doors swung back and forth, Daniil caught a quick glimpse of a well-lit, giant underground factory assembly area. But that was all he was able to see as the doors swung less and less on their spring hinges before flapping shut.

The three waited. They looked out over the top of the piles of stacked mechanical parts and tried to figure out what was going on there. Then the doors swung back open and the same guard came out of the factory area and returned to the dispatch house.
“I would really like to get in there,” Daniil said under his breath, motioning to the swinging doors.
“That’s where you and I are very much different. I would really like to get out of here,” Vova said.

The young guard said something to the others in the dis­patch house. One of the other guards picked up a mic and announced, “Eleven.” His voice over the PA echoed throughout.

Another driver, a short, stocky man, sitting on a bench next to the dispatch house and rambling on and on in idle conversation with two other drivers, stopped talk­ing and picked up his paperwork at the dispatch house window and stepped down the stairs. He went across the wide turnaround made for the trucks to back in and out of the loading bays. He climbed into the cab of his truck and revved up its oversized diesel engine. The overhead exhaust fans kicked on and immediately sucked up the diesel fumes.
The truck pulled ahead, turned, and backed into the rear area, where a large cargo door rolled up. The lights of the underground assembly area flooded the area around the dimly lit truck as it backed into the opening.

Daniil was able to see the tail of a missile laying horizon­tally on a long bed of rollers.
“Now, I know we should leave,” Vova said nervously.
“Shhh,” Daniil said and started to twist to the focus he wanted on his 35mm camera lens. He lifted his cam­era to his eye, but just as he was able to zoom in for a closer look at the assembly area, his view got increa­singly blocked by the truck being slowly maneuvered in reverse.

As the truck backed in, four technicians came out onto the bay and guided it gently up to the roller bay hold­ing an unarmed, un-tipped, modified Scud missile. Air brakes hissed and the diesel shut down. The drone of the exhaust fans quickly faded. Inside the cab of the truck, the driver engaged a device to unlock the rear hatch of the oil tanker trailer.
At the back of the truck, another technician opened the cover of a small keypad and entered a code. The en­tire back hatch cover of the tanker trailer lifted slowly open.
The hatch fully opened, 180 degrees, and stood straight up in the air. When everything else was aligned, a tall man wearing a black business suit with an open black shirt collar stepped out onto the bay platform. It was Yakov, the Exterminan. Daniil was certain he recog­nized him. The man had a look he had seen many times before on pictures of the faces of gulag monsters. He dropped down and let his camera hang down from around his neck on its strap. He thought for a moment. Vova and Oleg looked at him curiously. He hadn’t told them about the Exterminans. He just hadn’t gotten around to it, or so he tried to tell himself whenever the thought occurred to him that sooner or latter he was going to have to let them know.

Daniil lifted his head back up and tried to draw in as close as he could with his camera lens to the dark figure silhouetted by the light of the assembly factory at his back. Then the Exterminan turned to his right and Daniil saw what he was looking for, through the camera lens—it was the mark of the scorpion under his left ear. He then remembered to take the flash attachment off before shoot­ing, but as he pulled the camera down from his face and pointed it away, it had snapped off four shots in rapid succession. He dropped to the ground. “Dang!” he said under his breath. He had hit the rapid-fire button be­fore he had a chance to disengage the flash.

The Exterminan quickly turned around in the direc­tion of the flashes.

Daniil reached across with both hands and tugged at Oleg and Vova, “Get down!”

Yakov looked intensely in the direction of where the flash might have come. He could see the shadowy de­mons hovering all around the workers; they seemed un­fazed, but Yakov knew that until the full release they would not be able to see every spirit with a human body. He was about to step down off the loading dock when one of the techs said to him, “Ready to load.”

The missile was perfectly lined up with the roller bay at the base of the truck’s empty tanker trailer. Yakov looked at the missile and then the truck. He thought for another moment with a glance back in the direction of Daniil. Then he turned to the tech and said, “Load it.”
The tech engaged the mechanisms to roll the missile along the platform rollers onto the rollers of the hollow tanker. A plunger pressed snugly against the flat nose of the modified Scud. The missing tip, armed and with all of the latest TopolM missile technology, would be at­tached at another site. Slowly the plunger moved the mis­sile into the tank. As the weight of the missile bore down on the otherwise empty truck’s tires, hydraulics under­neath the tires adjusted the truck’s height accordingly and kept the tanker trailer aligned with the missile’s roller platform.
Once the missile was completely loaded into the truck, the plunger withdrew. The hatch cover closed. It was locked securely. The driver started the diesel. Yakov nodded to the driver through his side mirror, giving him the green light to move out.
The diesel engine revved; exhaust fans hummed, and the truck slowly pulled away from the loading bay area. Yakov disappeared into the bright light of the factory assem­bly area and the cargo door rolled closed. The truck inched its way up the ramp to the next higher level.

“Got it,” Daniil patted his camera. He had success­fully photographed the entire process along with addi­tional mug shots of the Exterminan… and he had disen­gaged the flash. “Now let’s get out of here,” he said.
They waited for the truck to round the corner on its way back up the ramp. Then they walked along the wall, quietly and undetected.

***
At ground level, after the truck had left, the elephant door opened a crack into the dark cold night air. It was still snowing. As they put their parkas back on, they slid through the opening. Oleg threw the switch off on the outside wall, the lights went off, and the door rolled closed.

They walked along the base of a snow embankment to­ward the guardhouse. The truck had come to a stop at the guardhouse and the driver was hanging out of his win­dow talking to the guard about how long the winter was that year. By his calculations, it should have been spring already. They chatted idly with little concern for the time. A good twenty minutes had passed.

The truck finally began to roll past the guardhouse to exit the facility. Its rolling wheels blew the powdery snow into a cloudy shield. This helped to conceal the three who were already well past the guardhouse on the other side of the embankment. They headed for their van, which was parked off to the side of the public road. On their way to the van, they walked past the long aban­doned American Portal Monitoring Facility, where at one time, in days long gone by, Americans, through the determi­nation of the Reagan steel spine, had verified the contents of every Russian truck leaving the Votkinsk Ma­chine Building Plant. Now, Russian trucks came and went freely, with no questions asked, and no American surveillance.

The truck disappeared into the dark snowy clouds. Its red taillights faded away.

Wind howled through the broken windows of the aban­doned American quarters. At the peak of the roof of the deserted U.S. Monitoring Facility building, against a drift of snow, a shadowy silhouetted form in the shape of a small, horse like raptor, darted unseen over the roof’s peak making strange claw marks that were quickly cov­ered over by the swirling snow. It hadn’t noticed the three.

When the three reached the van, they jumped in, turned the engine on right away, and attempted to crank up some immediate heat.
I have to get these pictures to Kefa, Daniil thought.
“What’s our next assignment?” Oleg asked enthusiasti­cally.
Daniil smiled at both of them, “You did good back there, both of you. We’ll go back to Moscow and report back.”
He thought then that it was as good a time as any to try to explain the Exterminans to them. “Did you see that guy in the dark suit and black shirt standing on the load­ing dock?”
“Yes,” Oleg said. “What was that?”
“I’ll tell you on the way back.”
The van hung a U from the side of the street and headed west.
14
Out of Dry Dock 
Archangel, Russia, Shipyard - late night:
Under a moonless sky of stars on that cold Russian night, the retrofitted freighter, Potemkin, slid out of its dry dock unceremoniously into the frigid White Sea. She floated silently toward three waiting tugs. Beneath her cargo doors, deep within her hull, she had been outfitted with ten empty missile silos.

In the freighter’s control room, when the pilot or­dered the engines to be started, a blast of black diesel ex­haust billowed out of the main stack. At the rear of the ship, the waters beneath the transom churned violently at the initial engagement of the massive propellers.

The tugs moved in—two at mid section, starboard, and port, and one at the portside bow. The powerful en­gines of the tugs accelerated and decelerated in short bursts, coaxing the one-hundred-and-thirty-four-foot Rus­sian freighter onto a bearing that would take the ship out of the Archangel Seaport and through to the dark wa­ters of the North Atlantic.

Once the Potemkin had been maneuvered into its head­ing, the tugs withdrew to another freighter under the flag of Somalia anchored and waiting to be pushed into the vacated dry dock where it would be outfitted with eleven missile silos welded to its empty hull.

The tugs moved into position. The anchor was drawn and the Somalian registered freighter was slowly pushed, while the Potemkin, under its own steam, gradually headed out to sea bearing the new Russian flag of the red star.

Standing at the edge of the dock, the tip of Lazar’s ciga­rette glowed bright red. The Exterminan pulled it out of his mouth and flicked it into the murky oil slicked wa­ter. He pounded a speed dial number into his satellite cell and was connected almost immediately. “Potemkin’s headed out,” was all he had to say.
On the other end, there was no reply. With a click, the phone went dead. Lazar put his phone away, reached into another pocket, and pulled out another cigarette. He lit it and headed back to the communications trailer.
15
Getting Antsy 
West Virginia, Mark – afternoon:
After having had set up another Mark, in the comfort of a well lived-in living room of a one-hundred-and-seven-year old farmhouse in the back hills of West Vir­ginia, Frank and Kefa sat on comfortable, overstuffed sofas watching a senate hearing on public TV, while wait­ing a little longer before having to drive to the air­port. The issue being discussed was the danger the US faced of losing between eighty and ninety percent of its civilian population in the event of an EMP Laydown insti­gated by foreign forces hostile to the USA. Two US Naval Officers, Captain Edward Sinclair and his Execu­tive Officer, Lieutenant Jeremy Witherspoon, were winding down their briefing before the Senate Panel.

“So Captain, what in your professional opinion, is our best defense against an EMP attack?” The Senator from Arizona asked Sinclair a final question.
“Given the existing hole in our defenses, if we were even to try to plug it up starting today, the enemy would have a minimum five-year window of opportunity … There’s nothing we can do at this point to stop this from occurring, Senator. It’s going to happen sooner or later. The enemy has had a five-year window of opportunity for at least fifty years, and they could go on having it for at least another fifty years, if they wanted.
“Nobody really knows how to defend civilization from a permanent, global electrical outage. Whatever its cause, it is going to happen one way or another. Electric­ity has become the ultimate modern day equivalent of the false idol before God; as such it is civilization’s ultimate Achilles Heel. So, in answer to your question as to what is our best defense against an EMP Attack… God, Sena­tor… at this point, a massive return to God is our only defense.”

Maria, who was working at her laptop on a desk across the room, looked up with a surprised look on her face when the Captain made that remark. Beneath the TV view of the Captain, a caption scrolled across the bottom of the screen. It read—Captain Sinclair and Lieutenant Witherspoon of the USS Supplanter, Virginia Class, Nuc­lear Attack Submarine. Maria scribbled down the names and worked quickly to pull something up on her com­puter.

“Good man, I wish he was on our team,” Kefa said to the TV screen.

Maria scrolled down an alphabetical list of names, “Ac­tually,” Maria looked over the top of the laptop, “I don’t know about the Captain, but his Executive Officer Witherspoon is listed among the members of our other West Virginian Mark that we set up last week, along with his wife and three kids.”
“I knew there was something about those guys I liked,” Kefa said and got up from the chair. “I think we better be moving on,” he said to Frank and Maria. Their next stop was a Mark in upstate New York.
“I’ll get the car,” Frank said. “What time’s the flight?” He asked Maria.

She didn’t answer but continued reading something on her screen. She held up her hand and began to wave their attention while she continued to read, “You need to take a look at this. Daniil just sent us an email and it’s loaded with pictures.”

They watched as Maria scrolled through the pictures of an obvious missile being loaded onto what appeared to be a very large, camouflaged, gasoline transport truck. The next picture to flash on the screen was marked “Yakov.”
“That really is Yakov,” Kefa was astounded. “He’s one of them.”
The next picture showed what looked like a black and bluish bruise on a man’s neck just under the earlobe. It was in the shape of a scorpion, but it was difficult to tell because it hadn’t the proper lighting at the time the picture had been taken. Daniil had managed to get off another shot of the scar, but without the flash because of the misfire incident.
“That’s definitely one of them,” Kefa said. “Man, Daniil took a chance! I don’t know how he managed not to be spotted.”
“We’ve got the connection,” Maria said and scrolled down through the remaining pictures. “Missiles and Exterminans… couldn’t be any plainer.”
“To us maybe,” Frank said. “But to the authorities, we’d only get lost in the bureaucratic shuffle and the Mark would never be established. We’d run out of time trying to warn everybody and we would not get across.” Frank couldn’t help but thinking that it was meant to be this way. It was as if it was being intentionally set up so that there was no longer time to warn everyone… He was convinced this was by Divine intention. “He doesn’t want everyone to know,” he said referring to the Being he was certain was God.
“Jesus,” Kefa said.
“Yes.” Frank nodded.
“Is there any text?” Kefa asked.
She pulled up his message. Daniil’s English was a lit­tle rough.
It read:

Nothing on General yet. People saying he is Lenin returned from grave. Hope you can make out pictures. They moving missiles in secret. Saw Ex.
What to do now?

Daniil

“Write back: Good job. Michael has your back. Set up the remainder of your Marks. Then, if you have time, follow a truck. See where it finally leads, but don’t get so close the next time. We can’t afford to lose you, my friend.”
Kefa thought for a moment and then took his satellite phone out of his pocket. He kept it shut down and the bat­tery disconnected to keep the Vatican from triangulat­ing a fix on his location. “Should I tell him he can reach me at this number for half an hour, twelve AM to twelve thirty AM, Moscow time, every night?” Kefa looked at Frank to see if he approved. They had given Daniil only an email address and the call number with a formula for calling.
“You’re taking a chance,” Frank was reluctant to turn Kefa’s satellite phone on with regularity if only to pre­vent the Vatican from knowing his exact whereabouts. “Why don’t you tell him to leave a voice mail instructing you on the best time to return his call according to the formula? That way you don’t have to leave your phone on every day and you can continue checking it periodi­cally as you have been doing.” They had agreed to add twenty-seven hours and twenty-two minutes to the call times and to subtract eleven hours if the call time landed on a Monday, Tuesday, or Thursday. This was done as a precaution in the event the Vatican intercepted their voice mail.
“True,” he looked at Maria and she began typing Kefa’s message to Daniil.
“Do you still want him to follow the truck?” Maria asked as she typed the return message.
“Yes, but only after he sets up the Marks,” Kefa re­mained singularly dedicated to getting the Mark estab­lished.
Frank said, “He only has four Marks to set up. That shouldn’t take him very long to do.”
“True,” Kefa said. He then connected the battery to the back of his cell. He dialed his voice mail. “Time to check in,” he said.
While listening to his messages, he hit the delete key seven times.
“Anything?” Maria asked.
“Dimonah, he’s getting antsy. We’ve got to hurry.”

In the background, the normal CNN programming was interrupted by a special report.
The three turned and watched as pictures of civil un­rest exploded onto the screen.

The voice of a newscaster reported:

***
"All across America today, people reacted to the sudden devaluation of the US Dollar."
–Video of thousands of protesters smashing the windows of a local bank in Ohio.

***
"After a hastily announced Bank Holiday was declared by the Federal Reserve on Friday, people woke on Mon­day to the horrifying realization that their entire life sav­ings, including checking accounts, savings accounts, pension funds and even IRA accounts, are now worth 37% of what they had been valued at as of only three days ago."
–Video of thousands of protesters smashing the windows of local banks in California, chanting "Death to the Fed!" and "Give us back our money, now!"

***
"Banks are paying out only 37 cents of every dollar that every US citizen has on deposit in any and all US Finan­cial Institutions."
–Video of a woman in the midst of a crowd, on her knees crying.

***
"The military has been called in to put down the nation­wide civil unrest."
–Video of hundreds of black military Hum Vees lining the streets of downtown Philadelphia.

***
"Since early this morning, upwards of 97 deaths result­ing from the violence has already been reported… That number is expected to climb dramatically as the mone­tary crisis continues to escalate… The President, who is on a golfing vacation, calls for calm…"
–Video of an old man in Salt Lake City, Utah, sitting in the street, in front of an armored vehicle and refusing to get out of the way.

Frank looked over at Kefa, “Good thing you had me convert it all into gold.”
“Shall we go,” Kefa motioned.
Frank turned the TV off.
The three grabbed what they needed and headed for the door.
“God help us!” Kefa said, walking out the door.

A flash of lightning… and 
the sound of thunder…

"I saw another angel come down from heaven, having great power: and the earth was enlightened with his glory. And he cried out with a strong voice, saying: Babylon the great is fallen: and is become the habitation of devils and the hold of every unclean spirit…
"And I heard another voice from heaven, saying: Go out from her my people; that you be not partakers of her sins and that you receive not her plagues.
"And the merchants of the earth shall weep and mourn over her: for no man shall buy their merchandise any more. The merchants of these things who were made rich, shall stand afar off from her, for fear of her torments, weeping and mourning, and saying: Alas! Alas! That great city, which was clothed with fine linen and purple and scarlet and was gilt with gold and precious stones and pearls. For in one hour are so great riches come to naught.
"And the merchants cast dust upon their heads and cried, weeping and mourning, saying: Alas! Alas! That great city, wherein all were made rich by reason of her prices. For, in one hour she is made desolate…"
Saint John the Apostle
The Apocalypse, Chapter 18

The Last Ark continues…
In Part II: True Devotion:
In the midst of a global economic collapse, Kefa, Frank, and Maria crisscross America rushing to complete the Ark for the few remaining People of God who are left behind…
The Vatican uncovers how its rogue Pope, Kefa, has obtained the funds to build the Ark…
The General and his Exterminans are fast at work putting the final additions on their plan for a Global EMP Attack…
Cardinal Dimonah puts the wheels in motion to de­pose Kefa…
And the notion of In-Between-Time is cleverly intro­duced.
Coming-
After the first four parts…

The Last Ark continues…

In the Second Omnibus Edition:

The School Years
(Second Omnibus Edition Parts V - VIII)

It is In-Between-Time. Jeffrey is establishing his rule amongst all the survivors of the Global EMP Holo­caust, with the exception of those living in the Mark.
In Christ the King's School of Christian Mystics and Mysticism, located in a Castle in what had once been the Southern French Alps, the young Great Saints of the End Times begin their training for The Battle.


And in the Third and Final Omnibus Edition:

The Consummation of the World
(Third Omnibus Edition: Parts IX – XII)





Also by Jack Sky

The Last Ark Series:
Part II-   True Devotion
Part III- Condemned
Part IV- Consecration
First Omnibus Edition: Parts I-IV

For Young Readers
Heroes of the Apocalypse Series

For Girls Ages 8 and up, check out:
Adventures in Cutie Patootie Land
By Starrie Sky (Jack Sky's Sister)









A flash of lightning … and
the sound of thunder …

