3 a.m.
by
Nick Pirog


-Smashwords Edition-


Published by:
Nick Pirog


Copyright © 2013 Nick Pirog


Smashwords Edition License Notes


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author's work.

Disclaimer:

3 a.m. is a short novella, ninety-five pages long, which only makes up 80% of this book. The remaining 20% is a twenty-five page teaser for my Top 5 Amazon Bestselling thriller, Gray Matter. Thanks for your purchase. Enjoy!



3 a.m.

nickthriller.com

~One~
 
One hour. Sixty minutes. Three thousand, six hundred seconds. That’s how long I get each day. How long I’m awake. I won’t bore you with the science of it all; I’d rather get to the story. And what a story it is. And I only have an hour to tell it. But just know that I have seen every doctor and taken every medication in the book and nothing helps. I wake up at 3:00 a.m. each morning and fall asleep an hour later. Then I sleep for twenty-three hours. Then repeat. It isn’t much of a life, but it is the only one I know. 
I’m 36.
By my age, most people have been awake for over 200,000 hours. I’ve been awake for less than 14,000. According to the doctors, there have only been three people in existence to ever have the condition. Condition, that’s what they call it. Not a disease, not an illness, a condition. A young girl in Taiwan has it. And another guy in Iceland. But it’s named after me. I had it first. Henry Bins. That’s what they call it. I’m Henry Bins and I have Henry Bins.
Anyhow, you might be wondering how I can string two sentences together if I’ve been awake fewer hours than a normal three-year-old. Well, what can I say, I’m a prodigy. And maybe because God gave me Henry Bins – I’m Henry Bins and I have Henry Bins – He found it only fair to compensate with a brilliant mind.
It’s now 3:02. I’d better get started. 
 
…
 
I open my eyes with a jolt.
It’s April 18th. I know this because yesterday was April 17th. And the big electronic clock on my dresser tells me so. The glowing green embers also tell me it is 3:01 a.m.
One minute gone.
I rip the covers off and jump out of bed. I am fully clothed. I’m wearing gray sweat pants, a maroon hooded sweatshirt, and lime green Asics. Next stop, the kitchen. My laptop is sitting on the kitchen table. I hit the mouse pad and the black screen vanishes, replaced by the frozen picture of a castle. I’ve been watching Game of Thrones in ten-minute intervals.  I hit the spacebar and the show resumes. Keeping an eye on the screen, I open the fridge and remove a sandwich – roast beef, heavy on the mustard – and a peanut butter protein shake. Both have been pre-made by Isabel, a Mexican woman who cooks, cleans, and does countless other things I don’t have time for.
I pick up my cellphone. No calls. Three messages. All from my father. Two are pictures of his dog. I message him back that he needs to find a woman and sit down to the computer. I devour the sandwich and the smoothie as I open a separate window and log into my E-Trade account. It’s all about multitasking. I can’t help but glance at the clock in the bottom right corner.
3:04.
Four minutes gone.
I check my stocks, which look good – I’ve made roughly 8k in the last twenty-four hours – then make some minor tweaks on the parameters I have in place for buys and sells, then close the window. I log onto OkCupid, a dating site, and go through the various messages. Nothing worthwhile. My screen name, NGHTOWL3AM only attracts the crazies. As you might think, meeting a woman has proved difficult. For many years, I would try twenty-four hour bookstores, coffee shops, or diners, but after three trips to the emergency room and one woman calling her brother to dispose of my dead body, I gave up.
I close the window and devote three minutes of my undivided attention to Game of Thrones. I love Tyrion.
At 3:10, I hit pause, grab my iPhone and ear-buds and sprint out the door.
It’s the beginning of spring and the Alexandria air is cold. I wish I’d worn a beanie, but I don’t dare waste the time going to grab one. The streets are silent. Three in the morning must be the quietest time of the day. Even the nocturnal night people have turned in and the crazy, morning folk are still tucked away. But then again, I don’t have anything to compare it to. I just know the half hour I spend in the world, it might as well be on mute. I run under the streetlights, the closest thing I know to sunlight, and concentrate on every sensation. The burn in my thighs, the cold air as it travels through my nostrils and down into my lungs.
I force myself to stay in the moment. I don’t have time for the past or the future. My life is the present. For many years, I played the what if game. What if I had a normal life? Where would I be? Would I be married? Would I have kids? But then twenty or thirty minutes would be gone. Wasted. Thinking about things that I can’t change. That are unchangeable.
I listen to three songs by The Lumineers, my new favorite band, then five minutes of Feed the Pig, an investment podcast. It is two miles to the Potomac, a highway of water separating Virginia from Maryland, and I spend a perfect minute watching a trawler sucked downstream by the sweeping black current. I used to wonder what it would look like during the light of day, how the water would look under a burning sun and puffy white clouds, but day didn't exist in my world. Only night. Only darkness.
As I head back, I see a car turn onto the side street. This is the first car I’ve seen in six days. It is a Ford Focus. A new one. The Ford stock closed at 13.02. Just saying.
I do the four miles in just under twenty-eight minutes and when I reach my condo steps it is 3:38 a.m.
Twenty-two minutes left. 
I do push-ups and sit-ups for three minutes.
I jerk off in two minutes.
I take a four minute shower.
When I pull on a clean set of nearly the same outfit and head back to the kitchen, it is 3:48.
Twelve minutes.
I pull a salad from the fridge: greens, carrots, tomatoes, quinoa, and chicken. Healthy stuff. I grab an apple, two chocolate chip cookies, and a big glass of milk. I sit down at the table and click on my Kindle. I’m reading Lone Survivor, about a Navy SEAL who survives a shootout against the Taliban in the Afghanistan mountains. Amazing stuff.
I eat slowly, soak up each word.
I take the last bite of my second chocolate chip cookie at 3:58.
I turn the Kindle off, stand up, and walk towards the bedroom.
I sit down on my bed at 3:59 a.m.
That’s when I hear the woman’s scream. 
I stand up and run to the window. Directly across from my condo is a ranch style house with a gate. The Ford Focus I saw earlier is parked on the street directly in front. I have no idea who lives there. I’ve never seen them. That could be said for all my neighbors.
I know I should go back to my bed, that I am going to fall over any moment. But I can’t. I’m glued to the window. I might as well be stuck between the two panes. I tick off seconds.
The gate opens and a man walks briskly through. 
As he opens the door to the Ford Focus, he walks directly under the streetlight. As if sensing my gaze, he turns, and looks up. We lock eyes. Then he gets in the car and drives off.
My last thought as my eyes close and I start falling is the chiseled features and piercing stare of the man.
The President of the United States.



~Two~

By the time I got to my feet, the first minute of my day had already come and gone. My neck was stiff, consequence of sleeping in such an awkward position, but I counted myself lucky. I hadn't hit my head on anything. No blood. No concussion.
I rub my neck as I peer out the window. An echo of the President's face plays over my eyes and I shake my head, eliciting a shooting pain through my sternocleidomastoideus - the long muscle running from the clavicle to just below the ear. Could that really have been him? But it was. There wasn't a shadow of a doubt that the man I'd seen was Connor Sullivan. The 44th President of the United States.
I walk to the kitchen and sit down in front of the laptop. After a short couple seconds I have pulled up the bio of Connor Sullivan on Wikipedia. The once three-term governor of Virginia has dark brown hair parted on the left and gray-green eyes that aren't unlike my own. But that's where the similarities begin and end. Sullivan is the tallest president, dwarfing Lincoln by three inches and Madison by nearly fifteen. He is a head taller than me, which would put me eye-level with the most famous chin dimple in the free world. It only added to his allure that he was an All-American small forward at Dayton.
I thought about adding a quick update to his long and tedious Wikipedia page: April 18th – murders woman in Alexandria, VA.  
On this note, I search the local news outlets for an attack or murder, but come up empty.
My cellphone chirps and I quickly respond to my father's “are-you-still-alive” texts and know that he will finally be able to sleep knowing his baby boy is alive and well. My mother left when I was four, unable to cope with my disease, leaving my father to care for me. He worked two jobs, sixteen hour days, but he was there every night I woke up at 3 a.m. He tried to make my life as normal as possible. When I was young, I had twenty minutes of school each morning with Professor Bins. Math, science, spelling – he covered everything. My father was adamant I develop social skills and would pay parents, literally pay them, to get their kids to come play video games or tag or ping-pong with me for a half-hour. (I actually still keep in touch with a couple of them on Facebook.) My dad would call in favors, or shell out grand sums of money for establishments to make special arrangements for me. On my tenth birthday, I woke up at an amusement park. For an hour, the two of us had the whole park to ourselves. When I was 18, he set up a prom for me. The girl was the daughter of a woman he worked with, and she wasn't all that cute, but it had been exciting nonetheless and I did get a quick kiss out of it. He administered my SATs to me over the course of ten nights, standing over me with a stopwatch. (I got a 1420 by the way.)  On my 21st birthday, I woke up and my dad had turned the house into a bar and it was full of coeds. I later found out he paid a University of Virginia sorority a couple thousand dollars to pack the place.
I contemplate calling him and telling him about his favorite President, but my father would bury me in a thousand questions and my hour would dissolve like sugar in water.
I grab a sandwich from the fridge and try to shake last night from my mind. Last night was the past. I don't deal in the past. I deal in the present. And presently, I'd wasted eighteen minutes of my day.
I turn Game of Thrones back on and watch as Jon Snow performs oral sex on a redhead Wildling. I feel a sensation in my pants, but decide that with my limited supply of time, masturbation isn't going to make the cut.
I grab my phone, slip on my Asics, remember to grab a beanie, and run out the door.
It is 3:26 a.m.
I will have to cut my run short. I do a seven-minute mile out, then a six-minute mile back. By the time I stand beneath the streetlight, the same streetlight Connor Sullivan parked his car under a day earlier, it is 3:39.
Twenty-one minutes.
I turn and face the house. It is silent, as if the wrought iron gate surrounding it protects it from all threats, even sound. I pull my hand into my shirt and fiddle with the lock atop the gate. It unlatches and the gate swings open with a soft creak. I know what I'm about to do is wrong, both ethically and legally, but what if there is a woman in the house that needs help? It had been nearly twenty-four hours since the scream; she could feasibly still be alive. Right? Either way, you might be asking yourself, why wasn't I calling the police to come check it out?
Simple.
This was the most exciting thing to happen in my 14,000 hours of being awake.
I slide through the opening in the gate, then tiptoe up the steps. There are two narrow panes of glass running vertically along the door and I lean forward and peer into the house. My eyes are still pinging with the light from the streetlamp and I can't make out a single shape. I lift my hand, still covered by my shirt – I have no plans of leaving any fingerprints – and push down on the wrought iron handle. It gives and the door pushes inward.
I wiggle my foot in the space and push inward until I can fully slip my body through. The door eases shut behind me. I pull out my cellphone and click on the flashlight app. The room brightens.
Breaking and entering. Check and check.
From the shape of the house, I know the garage is left and the kitchen, living room, and bedrooms are to the right. I take a deep breath and whisper, “Hello.”
No one answers.
I begin moving slowly through the house. It is bigger than it appears from the outside, stretching back nearly double what I would have predicted. The house smells clean and tidy and it is. The kitchen is spotless, save for two dishes in the sink, which I deduce once held grilled cheese and tomato soup. The refrigerator is full. Some healthy items. Some not so. There is a large sectional in the living room adjacent to a flat screen TV that I assume, by the 3D glasses next to the remote, is one of the newer models. There are two small bedrooms and one master. The master is the only one that appears lived in. Trinkets, mostly of elephants, fill every imaginable surface.
The bed is made. The pillows perfectly plump and arranged.
My phone vibrates and I realize it is the alarm I set. Knowing full well there was a good chance I might end up inside the house next door, I'd set the alarm to go off at 3:50.
I start back towards the front door and pull it open. Giving the foyer one last survey, I decide that if Connor Sullivan had in fact hurt the woman – who might or might not be the owner of the house – then she wasn't here. So, he'd either come back to clean up his mess, or there had never been a mess to start with, ergo, the woman wasn't hurt. Regardless if it was A, B, C, or otherwise, she wasn't here.
A shadow.
I flick my head around, which sends a bolt of lightning through my neck. The two Advil and the IcyHot I applied had markedly alleviated the pain, but the wrenching of my neck has overpowered the drugs.
I groan at the cat.
He is tan and black and his eyes are orange against the light from my cellphone. He comes forward and rubs against my leg.
“Hey cat.”
He doesn't respond.
I reach down to pet him, but before I touch him, he darts away and slinks down the hallway. I shine my light after him. He meows at a door. I walk toward him and pull the door open.
The smell is overpowering.
I can smell it in my eyes.
I can hear the smell.
The woman is on the hood of the car. She's wearing a blue tank top and plaid pajama bottoms. The woman's neck is swollen and is a tie-dye of red, purple, and blue. IcyHot and Advil will not help this woman.
The cat bounces up and begins meowing at the woman. Below the neck, the woman's body is drained of color, a pastel white. The cat curls up on the woman's chest and lies down.
I take a couple steps forward. By my best guess the woman is in her early twenties. Blond hair and petite. Eyes that were once electric blue are dull and rimmed in blood. She’s still attractive in death and I wonder how many necks she’d turned in life.   
There is a chiming and I look down at my phone. I've been standing over the woman's body for seven minutes.
Shit.
As I turn to leave, I realize the sound isn't coming from my phone. It is coming from another phone. Possibly the woman's. The phone rings a third time. It is under the car. I get down on my hands and knees. I drop to my belly. I army crawl until my torso is halfway beneath the low hanging Audi. My fingers touch the outside of the phone's pink casing. I groan, edge forward, try and flip the phone back over on itself. It takes me seven tries. I grab the phone, push myself painfully from beneath the car and get to my feet.
I am huffing and puffing.
I look down at the phone. It is a white Samsung Galaxy S4 in a pink case. The call has expired. The time is 3:59.
I sprint out of the garage and to the front door. Can I get home in time? It's a hundred yards then up three flights of stairs. What if I fall over in the middle of the road? What if I only make it to the front yard? What if someone finds me, then comes and finds the woman's body?
I will wake up in jail.
I decide there's no way I can make it.
I have to hide.
I run to one of the small bedrooms, open the closet, and lay down. I'm still looking for a way to extend my legs when I fall asleep.



~Three~
 
He's on my stomach. The cat.
“Yo.”
Cat lifts his head, stares at me with his orange eyes, then rests his head back down on my chest. The events of the past night come flooding back. The woman's body. The phone under the car. The fact I am hiding in a closet with a cat on my chest.
I push myself up on my haunches, sending Cat fleeing to places unknown. This time it isn't my neck, it's my back. It is screaming. I run my hand over my lower oblique and feel a quarter-inch depression that is sore to the touch. Gentle moonlight cascades through an open window, softly illuminating the plastic hanger I have slept on.
Ugh.
Once on my feet, I find my phone.
It is 3:02 a.m.
I feel around in my opposite pocket and find the other phone. The pink Samsung. A picture, a narrow white obelisk, the Washington Monument, fills the screen. The woman has been dead for going on forty-eight hours and I expect to see a barrage of texts, but there is only the missed call from the night before. Did this woman have any friends? Co-workers? Did anyone even know she was missing? I want to see what the number was that called, but the four boxes centering the phone lead me to believe the phone is locked. It is. I try 1234, but surprisingly it doesn't work. I make a mental note to put the Samsung back under the car for the police to find. I wipe any prints I might have left on the phone with my sleeve and put it in the pocket of my sweat pants.
As for the police, obviously, they hadn't come in the last day, or if they had, they were a shoddy bunch. I'd been asleep in an open closet. Surely, they would have stumbled upon me and I would have awoken in jail, possibly already having undergone my first round of sodomy. So, I wasn't altogether surprised to find the woman in the same place I'd last seen her. As for the state of her, that was an entirely different story. The condition of the body was a far cry from what I'd seen just a day earlier. Beneath a steady swarm of insects, the woman's body is decomposing. It smells of sulfur and it is intolerable. The smell twenty-four hours earlier was of fresh linen comparatively.
I gag and retreat back into the main house.
It is 3:04.
I make my way into the kitchen and once again slink my hand into my sweatshirt and open the refrigerator. Grabbing two string cheeses, I open one, and slowly begin checking drawers. I am looking for mail. Or something with the woman's name on it. But there are no electric bills, no catalogs, not a single trace of her identity. No wallet, no White House press pass, no steamy letters from Connor Sullivan.
I spend another five minutes poking around, then decide I've already pushed my luck and head for the front door. Thinking better of it, I make my way through the living room and to a sliding glass door that leads to a small back patio. Sliding the door closed, I give one last glance behind me.
Cat is staring at me through the glass door.
Meow. 
"What?"
Meow.
"Sorry, I'm more of dog guy."
Meow.
"I don't know, go drink out of the toilet."
Meow.
"There's plenty of string cheese in the fridge."
Meow.
"Fine."
I quickly open the door and Cat jumps into my arms.
It is 3:13 when we get back to my place. 
I am just as thirsty as Cat and I drink three glasses of water. I grab a sandwich and shake for me and open a can of tuna for Cat. He takes another couple laps of water from the bowl I set down, then makes his way to the food and starts lick eating it, like they do. I lean down and check his neck, but he doesn't have a collar.
"Well, I can't be calling you Cat, now can I?"
I think back to how he'd directed me to the garage door and said, "Just like when Timmy fell in the well."
Lassie.
He looks up and nods, almost if to say, works for me. 
"Well, Lassie, I hate to tell you this because I know you are a staunch, right wing conservative, but your mom was killed by the President of the United States. This is what happens when we elect Republicans."
He licks himself in response.
I toss my clothes on the couch and take a two-minute shower. After rubbing IcyHot into my lower back, I throw on some fresh sweats, a fresh hoody, wrangle my cell out of the pocket of my sweat pants on the couch and look at the time.
3:22 a.m.
I have a lot to accomplish in thirty-eight minutes.
Fifteen minutes later, I am holding the pay phone in my hand. It is the only pay phone I know of and happens to be at Summer Park. I'm not overly concerned with anyone seeing me, but I pull the beanie down and flap up the hood of my sweatshirt, which I'm guessing makes me look all that more suspicious. The 911 call is simple and short, there is a dead woman at 1561 Sycamore.
There is a squad car parked in front of the house when I return and I take the back entrance to my condo.
Peeking through the curtains, Lassie on my lap, busily licking his hind paws, I watch as three more squad cars arrive, followed fittingly by a van with Alexandria Crime Scene Unit inscribed on the side.
With one minute left, I give one last glance out the window at the dancing red and blue lights, then lie down on my pillow. Lassie snuggles up next to me. 
After sleeping on the ground two nights in a row, I'm quite happy to have made it back to my bed, but as I close my eyes, I can't shake the feeling I've forgotten something.
Something important.
 
...
 
I'm surprised to find Lassie still curled up next to me twenty-three hours later. He bats his eyes at me and he still looks tired. I think he would happily have slept for another twenty-three. But I don't have a litter box and I'm guessing he has to take care of business.
I open the door to a small third-story balcony. I have a long dead plant and I rip it from the planter and scatter the remaining dirt in a heaping mound.
Lassie is still on the bed and I tell him, "Go pee and poop on that mound of dirt."
To my absolute amazement, he does.
Holy shit.
"Good dog."
I head to the opposite window and peer out. There are still two police cars parked in front of the house. Crime scene tape has been strung around the perimeter of the wrought iron fence.
I plop down in front of my laptop and pull up the local news.
Young Woman Slain.
Being that Alexandria is only fifteen minutes from the White House and is home to a huge percentage of bigwigs, I expect a bigger story, but the report is just the basics. No name. No age. Simply that a woman was found strangled in the garage of her home in Alexandria. No suspects.
Once Lassie and I have eaten, I call my dad. Knowing he is coming two nights later to play cards, we only chat for a couple minutes. I wait for him to ask about the murder, but he doesn't. I will tell him in person in two days. His face will be priceless.
As for the murder, I wonder if the police have connected the woman to the most powerful man in the world yet. Was she one of Connor Sullivan's aides? An intern?
And what about the President? Who should I tell? Should I write an anonymous email and send it to the Alexandria police. I wasn't so naive that I thought I could accuse the President of the United States of murder and not face some sort of repercussions. No matter how sure I was that it was him – and I was unwaveringly positive – there would be backlash. Not to mention how unbelievable the idea was. First, where was the President's Secret Service? Did they know? Had they arranged the tryst? Did the President somehow sneak from the White House unknown? Could it happen? I wasn't sure. What I did know was that when the President should have been asleep in his bedroom at the White House, he was in the house across the street from me strangling a woman to death.
I'm about to start crafting said email, when I notice a small rectangular card near my front door.
"Grab that card," I tell Lassie.
He jumps off my lap, licks the card, but comes short of retrieving it.
I shake my head at him and grab it.
Ingrid Ray, Alexandria Homicide.
The police had probably spent the better part of yesterday canvassing the neighborhood to see if there were any witnesses. Knocking on my door and not getting an answer, she'd slipped her card under my door. I pull out my cell phone and dial. She would no doubt be asleep, but I plan on leaving a message that I'd heard about the murder, but I hadn't seen anything.
Surprisingly, she answers. 
"Ray, Alexandria Homicide."
"Oh, hi, um, my name is Henry Bins. You slipped your card under my door?"
"Where do you live?"
I tell her.
"I'll be there in five." She hangs up.
I look at Lassie and say, "Well, that didn't go according to plan."
 
...
 
She shows up seven minutes later.
It is 3:33 a.m.
She has auburn hair held pack in a ponytail. She is clad in jeans and a Washington Redskins hoodie. She doesn't have a trace of makeup on. She doesn't need any. High cheek bones. Brown eyes. Too attractive to be a cop, which probably accounted for her no-nonsense demeanor.
"So, you always up at this time?" she asks, taking a seat at my kitchen table and running her hand over Lassie's arched spine.
I decide for the short answer. "Yep."
"You some sort of weird writer or something?"
"Nope. Day trader."
"It's night. Wouldn't that make you a night trader?"
I smile. "It's day somewhere."
"Right, right. What markets do you trade it? London? Tokyo?"
"Uh, yeah," I manage.
"So, are you up for the day or finishing for the night?"
"Up for the day.” Not a total lie. Only my day has fifteen minutes left. "Early bird and all that."
She forces a smile, then after a deep breath, asks, "You hear about the girl that got killed across the street? You know, between all that trading that you do?"
"Yeah, I heard about it."
"Where?"
"Where what?"
"Where did you hear about it?"
"On the internet."
"Right, you're always on that thing. With all that trading in Tokyo you do."
I force a smile.
It is 3:49.
I have to wrap this up before I pass out in front of this lady or at least before any more of my stupid lies – which I wasn't even sure why I was telling – start to pile any higher.
"You see anything, anybody walking around or anything?"
I shake my head. "I was pretty busy two nights ago, didn't even look out the window."
"Who said anything about two nights ago?" Her eyebrows furrow.
"Oh, I thought I read that she was killed two nights ago? Was she not?" I stammer. "Was she killed last night?"
She stares at me for a couple seconds. "Not sure. Coroner still trying to figure that one out."
"Well, I didn't see anything last night either."
"What about three nights ago. You see anything suspicious three nights ago?"
I shake my head.
"You know her?"
"Who?"
"The girl from across the street. You know her? Ever meet her? Ever take her out for coffee?"
"No. Never met her."
She nods. Stands. "Well, if you hear anything, or remember anything, give me a call."
"I will."
My phone rings. Change that, a phone rings. Not mine. My cell phone is set to the standard BA-RING. This ring is set to chimes.
"You gonna get that?" she asks, nodding towards the couch where my sweat pants and hoodie from the previous night are strewn.
"Naw, probably not important."
"You get a lot of unimportant calls at four in the morning?"
Remember how I'd had a feeling I'd forgotten something? Something important. Well, I had. I try to keep a straight face as I realize the phone ringing is the dead woman's. I'd forgotten to put it back under the car because I'd been overcome by the smell. And doubly stupid, I'd left the phone in the pocket of my sweat pants. 
"Tons," I reply to her question.
"How many cell phones do you have?"
"Just the one."
She opens the door, then pulls her cell phone from her pocket and hits a couple buttons. My cell phone, the one in my pocket, BA-RING, BA-RINGs.
She ends the call with a grin. "I'll be in touch Mr. Bins."
And then she's gone.
I look down at Lassie.
"What just happened?"
He didn't know either.


~Four~
 
I wake up on the couch with the cell phone in my hand. The last thing I remember is pulling the phone from the pocket of my sweatpants and seeing that it is 4:00. I'd attempted to find a decent sleeping position, but had failed. Miserably. I'd slept with my feet up on the sofa and everything else corkscrewing onto the floor.
I can feel the pattern of the carpet on my cheek and know I look like someone has branded my face with a cheese grater. I'm not sure where Lassie slept, but as I roll over onto my back, he appears on my chest and begins licking my forehead.
“Hey, cut that out,” I say, although I kind of enjoy it.
Pushing Lassie off, I stagger to my feet and realize just how angry my spine is (which I'm pretty sure is now shaped like a double helix.)
After a five-minute shower – a minute longer than I ever allow – I can stand up relatively straight. Opening the fridge, I decide I can't stomach another sandwich and grab a yogurt and a piece of banana bread. Lassie splits both with me.
I pick up my phone to text my dad and see I have three missed calls. All are from the same number. Detective Ray.
Based on my performance from the night before, I'm guessing while I might not be a suspect in the woman's murder, I am at least a person of interest.
I look at the pink Samsung on the counter. How could I have been so stupid? How had I forgotten to put the phone back under the car? But to my credit, had I stayed in the garage a single moment longer, I would have left some very acidic chunks of Henry Bins behind. 
I'm not sure what course of action I'm willing to take with the detective. I couldn't give her the phone without her knowing that I had been inside the house. And without the phone, they may never be able to connect the woman to Connor Sullivan.
Conundrum. Check.
I decide my best bet is to write an anonymous letter and mail it, along with the cell phone, to the Alexandria Police Department.
But first, I need to go for a run.
The time is 3:22 a.m.
Lassie is pawing at the front door as I pull the beanie down over my ears.
“What do you want buddy? You want to go outside?” 
Meow.
“Promise to come back.”
Meow.
I open the door and he darts out.
The corpse of the woman continuously creeps into my thoughts as I run, but each time I am able to ward it off with a tight squeeze of my eyes and a gaze up at the starry sky. This is my time. Not hers.
After two miles, the muscles in my back start to relax and it no longer hurts each time I inhale. As I head back, a shadow darts out from behind a tree and into my path.
“Ahhh,” I scream. 
Under the streetlight I can see him smiling.
Once I get my heart rate back under 200, I say, “Have you been waiting there all this time just to jump out and scare me?”
Meow.
I make a scary face and claw the air at him.
He claws back.
Best friends.
“Come on, let's go.”
I start running and he falls in next to me, gliding along silently.
As we take the steps up to my third story condo, I'm startled to see two people walking away from my door. Detective Ray is wearing a brown jacket and her hair is down. It is longer than I would have thought, cascading down well past her shoulders. She reminds me of René Russo from the Thomas Crown Affair. (It is my dad's favorite movie and one of just twelve I've seen. I’d watched the original and the remake over the course of a month. I prefer the original but I also prefer to see René Russo naked.) The gentleman with Ray is twice her age and three times her size. His head is shaved bald and he has a perfectly trimmed goatee circumventing nearly invisible lips. He is more muscle than fat, but barely, and he wears his Men's Wearhouse attire smartly.  
“He always come running with you?” asks Ray, bending down on her haunches to pet the approaching Lassie.
“Sometimes.”
She nods her head upwards and says, “This is my partner, Cal.”
I nod my acknowledgement and step past them.
“We have some questions for you,” barks Cal, the words aimed at my back.
“Then I shall answer them,” I say bending down to untie the key from my shoelaces. “I could do something later this week.”
“How about right now?”
I look down at my cellphone. It is 3:48.
“Why are you always checking the time?”
I glance up at Ray with raised eyebrows.
“Last night, I must have seen you check the time on your phone eight, nine times.”
Was she counting?  I squint at her, but say nothing.
“What's one minute to the next at three in the morning?”
Those minutes are my life, I nearly scream. Those minutes that you take so much for granted because you get a thousand of them each day are priceless to me. Your life is measured by title, wealth, and status. My life is measured in grains of sand, trickling from one teardrop to the other.
My nostrils flare when I'm angry and I wonder if Ray feels a small gust of wind. Taking a calming breath, I ponder telling her that I'm Henry Bins and I have Henry Bins. I don't.
“I’ve always just been a little OCD like that. We all have our quirks, am I right? What's yours Cal?” I'm guessing it's his goatee. It is too perfect. Rulers, levels, and protractors have been consulted in its creation.
He isn't amused.
I put the key in the lock, twist and pull. I ease the door open four inches and Lassie darts through. With a puff of my cheeks, I say, “I can't really do this right now. How bout tomorrow. Say 3:15?”
I don't wait for a response, though I’m fearing if there is one, it will be, “We have a warrant.”
A response does eventually come.
“Callie Freig.”
I'm dazed. Not because the name means anything to me, it's just a name, a woman's name, indistinguishable among any of the seven billion on this planet. But because she has been humanized. As in birth a fat, crying, pink baby becomes Jake or Molly, the woman in death had become Callie. 
The two detectives use my second of stunned silence to move past me. I sidestep them and knowing they are too far in to forcibly remove them, I retreat two steps.
The phone – Callie Freig's phone –  is on the table next to the laptop.
“Hey, can you guys take your shoes off?”
Not an unreasonable request and both lean down to comply. The kitchen table is ten carpeted steps away, but it would look odd if I didn't also remove my shoes.
“Just set them outside.”
Slightly more unreasonable, but my only chance.
In the split second it takes for both to toss their shoes outside, I flick the beanie. It flips end over end, hits my laptop, then falls.
“What?” Ray asks, cutting her eyes at me. “What's so funny?”
“Nothing.” I'm just an amazing beanie tosser is all.
Flipping my shoes next to the door, I say, “So, who is Callie Freig?”



~F:ve~
 
“Callie Freig is the girl you've been watching out your window for the past three months,” Cal bellows.
I shake my head. “Sorry, buddy, but I've never seen her before.” I had, just not while she was alive.
“You've never seen a woman who has lived across the street from you for three months?” asks Ray.
“She's only lived there three months?”
Both Ray and Cal look confused by my question and I can't blame them. The woman could have lived there for the past six years and I might never have seen her.
“I never saw her,” I repeat.
“What about the Clemens,” asks Cal. “Have you seen them?”
“Who are the Clemens?”
“The people that own the house. The people that have lived there for the last ten years.”
“Oh, the Clemens—” I pause, “nope, not ringing any bells.”
“How long have you lived here?” asks Ray.
“What did it say on my lease?”
She glares at me. “Seven years.”
“That's correct.”
“And you've never seen the people that live in the house directly across from your window?” barks Cal.
“I'm not awake during the day very often, I'm sort of a night owl. If you haven't realized we are having this conversation at four in the morning.” Well, 3:54. If it was 4:00, he would be having a conversation with the linoleum.
The two detectives take this in and I ask, “So who is Callie Freig?”
Cal squints his distaste at the role reversal. Ray takes a deep breath and says, “Twenty-four year old female.  Has been renting the house from the Clemens – who spend half the year in Florida – for the past three months. Craigslist post. Fifteen hundred bucks a month. Steep, but they gave her a good deal. No Facebook. No Instagram. Very little credit history. No next of kin. Parents unknown.”
I'm left trying to synthesize all this information, pondering how and when she met the President of the United States, when Ray asks me for a glass of water.
I nod at the kitchen and say help yourself.
A cupboard opens and shuts and she asks, “Where?”
I walk into the kitchen. 
“Funny thing,” Cal says behind me. “We never did find Callie Freig's cell phone. And even funnier thing, last night, my partner said she heard two phones ringing, after you — and this is the funniest part — after you said you only had the one.”
I pull a glass from the cupboard, fill it with water, and hand it to Ray.
“And you think I stole her phone,” I say, trying to buy myself some time.
Cal grins.
“I'll be right back.” I head to the bedroom.
It is 3:57 when I exit the bedroom. I have three minutes to get them out. Three minutes to convince them that I didn't kill Callie Freig.
I hold out my hand to Ray. “I still use it as an alarm. Check it.”
She takes the original iPhone from me and clicks on the alarm clock. It is set to 3:55 a.m. She hits it and chimes play. It isn't exactly the same as the ring on Callie's phone, but it is a close enough approximation.
“Why do you have an alarm set for 3:55 a.m.?” scoffs Cal.
“Tokyo markets close at 4:00 a.m. I set the alarm so I can remember to get my last trades in.” I have no idea what time the Tokyo markets close, but as Tokyo is on the other side of the globe, it seems rational. 
“Why not use the alarm clock on your new phone?” asks Ray.
“Uh—” I stall. “I made a lot of money while I had that phone. Good luck charm I guess.”
It is 3:58.
“Speaking of, I have to make a last minute trade. Thanks for stopping by.”
The two reluctantly head towards the door.
“Oh, another thing,” remarks Ray. “We found a bunch of cat food across the street, but, well, no cat.”
I look at Lassie sitting on one of the chairs at the table, curled in a ball.
“And, while I was looking at that lease of yours, I happened to notice there was no mention of a pet.”
“Just trying to save fifty bucks a month,” I say with a smile.
“Really,” says Cal. “With all that money you made with that lucky phone, you're worried about fifty bucks.”
I glare at him. Take a deep breath.
“Lassie.”
He jumps off the chair and sits at my feet.
I take a deep breath. Please work. Please work.
“Lie down.”
He lies down on his belly and wags his tail.
“Roll over.”
He rolls onto his back.
“Play dead.”
He extends his legs, closes his eyes, and I swear he sticks his tongue out the side of his mouth.
“Do a backflip,” I say, knowing I'm pushing my luck.
Lassie doesn't do anything and I look up at the two detectives – Cal whose eyebrows are scrunched and Ray whose mouth is slightly agape – and say, “We're still working on that one.”
I open the door and the two detectives grab their shoes and leave.
It is only when Lassie and I are lying in bed, when I realize my mistake and jump up.
The glass Detective Ray was drinking out of.
It's gone.
And my fingerprints with it.


~S:x~
 
I expect to wake up in jail. I don't.
And when I still haven't heard a knock on the door at 3:25 a.m., I decide that one of three things has occurred: 1) It takes longer than twenty-four hours to match up fingerprints. 2) I hadn't left any fingerprints (which is a possibility as I had been very conscious of this and had tucked my hands into my sleeves.) Or 3) There had been a break in the case and even though they had matched my prints to those found at the scene, it didn't matter, because now they had their eyes set on the most powerful man in the world.
But according to the internet, the President was meeting with last year’s NFL Champions, the Denver Broncos, at the White House. He wasn't being accused of murder. So that left 1) or 2).
“Shall we go for a run buddy?”
Meow.
Lassie scampers behind me for about a mile, then disappears. I'm just starting to loosen up when a car turns onto the street. I haven't seen a car on the road since the Ford Focus, the one driven by the Connor Sullivan en route to strangle Callie Freig. 
The car is a Crown Vic.
It pulls to the side of the road ten feet in front of me.
I pull out my ear buds and stop.
Ray steps from the passenger side and says, “We need you to come with us.”
Cal clamors from the driver side and pulls open the back door. “NOW,” he says.
I climb into the back seat.
They both get back in and we drive away.
It is 3:33 a.m.
 
…
 
“Did you ever go into the house across the street?”
I'm sitting across from Cal. Ray is leaning against the wall, parallel with the steel table.
“No.” I'm guessing that they're bluffing. If they had my prints I would have been arrested. Instead, I am in Interview Room B having a voluntary – which didn't feel very voluntary – chat.
“So you never went inside the house?”
“Never.”
“Not once?”
“No.”
“Never was invited in, never had a sandwich, never opened the refrigerator?”
My stomach tightens. “No. Never.”
“What time is it?” I ask. Cell phones aren't allowed in “voluntary” interviews. I would get it back, I was reassured by the lady who took it. It had been 3:43 when I'd signed the form and handed it over. That had been more than five minutes ago.
The door opens and a cop walks in. Hands Ray a piece of paper, who in turn hands it to Cal. Cal's goatee stretches wide. “Well, well, well.”
I lean forward.
They had been bluffing. Tey hadn't gotten the results back yet. Apparently it takes exactly twenty-four hours to match fingerprints.
“Guess whose prints are all over that house?”
Shit.
“A partial on the hood of the car. A partial on the tire of the car. A partial on the handle to the refrigerator. A full on the closet door in the guest bedroom. A full on the sliding glass door.”
“How did you get my prints?”
“Were you not listening? They were all over the house.”
“Yes, I was listening,” I grunt. “How did you get my prints, the ones you matched those to? I've never been arrested. I have nothing on file.” I glance at Ray. “If by chance you took my prints off a cup that you illegally stole from my house, you'd better believe that won't hold up in court.”
“Of course that wouldn't hold up in court.” Cal laughs. “We got your prints off your cell phone. You know that form you signed that you didn't read.”
Crap.
“So I'm gonna ask again, have you ever been inside the house before?”
“Yes.”
“Were you in the house three nights ago?”
“Yes. But she wasn't murdered three nights ago. She was murdered four nights ago.”
“How do you know?”
“Because I heard her scream.” 
 
...
 
“Connor Sullivan?” scoffs Cal. “As in the President of the United States?”
I nod.
He looks at Ray. She shakes her head.
“I swear, I heard a loud scream and then a minute later a man walked out the front door and directly underneath the streetlamp. It was Connor Sullivan.”
“Getting into, what did you say, a Ford Focus?” Ray says chuckling.
I nod.
“Where's his Secret Service? How would he get out of the White House?”
“I don't know. Ask him.”
“Why did you kill her?” asks Cal.
“What?”
“Why – did – you – kill – Callie Freig?”
“I didn't. I'd never seen her before, until I went over there that night. Seriously.”
“Yeah, you said that before. And guess what, I didn't believe you the first time. Your window looks out on her house. You never go to check the weather and see her walking to her car. Bullshit. You were in love with her. Watched her every chance you got. Then one night you go over there and strangle the shit out of her.”
“I have Henry Bins.”
“What?”
“You are Henry Bins,” quips Ray.
“Yes and I have Henry Bins. It's a sleeping disorder. I'm only awake for an hour a night. From 3 a.m. to 4 a.m.”
Both shake their heads like Parkinson's patients.  And here I was, the one with the condition. 
“Google it.” I look up at Ray. “Seriously, Google it. Or you can just wait and watch what happens to me in what I'm guessing is probably four minutes.”
“And what happens in four minutes asshole?” asks Cal.
“My body will crumple like JFK and I will basically be in a coma for twenty-three hours. Then I will wake up at 3 a.m., be awake for an hour, then repeat.”
He pushes back from the table, his laughter so riotous. “Well, if that isn't the biggest load of shit I've ever heard. Are you getting this Ingrid? Are you listening to this shit?”
I stand up. “That's why my prints are on the closet in the guest bedroom, I had to find somewhere to sleep. I got stuck under the car trying to get her phone out and I didn't have time to make it back across the street.”
“You mean the cell phone you threw in a dumpster three blocks away?”
“What?”
“Yeah, idiot, you busted it up, but it still logged its last known GPS. Took two hours going through some trash, but we found it.”
My brain is whirring.
I lean against the wall.
Ray has been quiet for the last minute and I see her fiddling with her phone. “Um, Cal, you might want to come read this. I think this Henry Bins thing might actually be—”


~Seven~
 
My head is pounding.
I lift my right arm up and touch it to my scalp. I can feel a clump of hair missing and a patch of gauze in its place. I lift my left arm to assist in the damage assessment, but am met with the clink of restraint. I open my eyes. My left arm is handcuffed to the hospital bed.
“What did you do?” asks a familiar voice. “Did you rob a twenty-four-hour bank?”
Sara is a Japanese-American, a nurse at Alexandria Municipal Hospital, and an ex-girlfriend.
We'd started dating after my 3rd concussion. She worked the 6 p.m. to 3 a.m. shift, so she would just scoot over after work and hang out until my hour was up. It was fun and casual for six months, but like the others before her, she realized seeing me for half an hour three days a week just wasn't enough. After four failed relationships, I realized the only thing worse than having Henry Bins, was falling in love with Henry Bins. Luckily, we'd been able to remain friends.
“Nope. Murder.”
She laughs and says, “Well the good news is, no concussion, the bad news is, thirteen stitches.”
“That puts me over a hundred. Is my next set free?”
“I'll see what I can do,” she laughs, then as if I'd hit the refresh button, her smile fades and she says, “I have to alert the officers that you're awake.”
I nod.
She squeezes my calf and disappears behind the curtain.
Ray and Cal walk through.
I pull my arm up, clinking the cuffs, and say, “Does this mean I'm under arrest?”
Cal doesn't hesitate and Mirandizes me. When he's done, I say, “Let me get this straight, you obviously read up on Henry Bins, you watched me fall at exactly four and crack my skull open, and I'm sure you've checked with the nurses here and know that I'm no stranger to the emergency room.”
Ray nods.
“So you believe I have this condition and yet you also believe that in this slim window I get, this hour, that I killed Callie Freig.”
“Doesn't change the fact that the window of opportunity is still there, you easily could have killed her within that one hour,” says Ray. “Your prints are all over the place, including the car that her body is found on, not to mention that every single thing you've said, except for this stupid sleeping disorder, has been lies.”
My mind is racing.
“I need to make a call.”
“Lawyering up already,” snorts Cal.
“Actually my dad probably thinks I'm dead, so I'd like to call him.”
Ray hands me her phone. I raise my eyebrows and both the detectives leave. My dad is frantic when he answers. It was our card night and finding that I wasn't there, he called my phone. When I hadn't answered, he'd started towards the hospital.
“Turn around and go back to my house.”
I tell him what to do once he gets there.
Before I hang up, I ask if he saw a cat prowling around outside my apartment.
He hadn't.
 
…
 
The nurse – not Sara, though she'd come to say goodbye when her shift ended – is changing the dressings on my head when my dad shows up.
The best word to describe my father is frumpy. He wears slacks too short and too high on his waist. Sweaters that should have been given to the Salvation Army decades earlier. Glasses that could fry a caterpillar in seconds. He has a full head of curly gray hair and three days’ worth of stubble on his chin.
I introduce him to Cal and Ray, both of whom have taken seats, waiting for what I've told them is concrete proof of my innocence.
“Do you have it?” I ask.
He reaches into his coat pocket and pulls out the pink Samsung.
I take it from him. It's dead, the batteries having run out.
“What's that?” asks Ray.
Holding the phone up with my right hand, I say, “It's the phone I found under the car, the phone I can assure you I was not lying about.”
“But we found Callie Freig's phone,” spits Cal.
“Maybe she had two,” Ray says with a shrug. 
I lower it out of his reach and said, “It's not Callie's phone.”
“Then whose is it?” asks Ray.
“It's the President's.”
 
…
 
“The President? As in the President of the United States?” asks my father.
“Yep.”
Cal is laughing. Doubled over. He composes and says, “That's your proof.”
I hand the phone to Ray. “It's his.”
“Is the President even allowed to have a cell phone?” she asks, taking it.
“Of course not,” Cal manages.
“Actually, he can, and he does.”
Both Cal and Ray stare at my father. He continues, “Obama was so adamant that he be able to keep his Blackberry that they made a special stipulation that he could keep it.”
“Really?” I found myself asking. I'd hoped this was the case, but I was still surprised.
“Of course they had to make some considerations to National Security. Encryption and they disabled the GPS so no one could track him. But he was able to keep it and Connor Sullivan was allowed to keep his.”
“But it's pink,” shouted Cal. “And why are we even having this conversation. This is not the President of the United States’ cell phone.”
“The phone is white, the casing is pink,” I say. “And it's not just any pink casing, look closer.”
Ray turns the phone over in her hand. “It's got a ribbon embossed on the back. It's a Susan G. Komen casing.”
“The First Lady,” remarks my dad.
The First Lady had been diagnosed with breast cancer two years earlier. They caught it early and it'd gone into remission.
Cal was silent.
Ray hits the button for the nurse and when one comes a moment later, Ray asks, “Does anyone have a Samsung charger here?” 
“Deb would,” the nurse responds and returns a moment later with Deb's charger.
Ray plugs it in and it takes ten seconds for the phone to come alive.
“It's locked,” she says, showing everyone.
“The Washington Monument,” remarks my father.
“What?” asks Cal.
“The lock screen. The picture in the background, it's the Washington monument.”
The monument was only six miles from my house and I'd assumed that Callie had loved it and taken a picture of it. Now I was hoping that it had a special place in Connor Sullivan's heart.
I look at my dad. He shakes his head. He knows plenty about the President, but the monument doesn't trigger any tidings.
“What use is it to us if it's locked,” says Cal. “Let's get it down to the precinct and get one of our resident nerds to crack it open. The faster we get it open, the faster we find out this phone isn't the fucking President's.”
“How many numbers?” asks my dad.
“Four,” responds Ray.
My father mulls. When he mulls his lips move back and forth. Mull. Mull. Mull.
“Try thirteen, forty-four.”
Ray punches them in and my dad explains, “Thirteen was his number when he played basketball at Dayton. Forty-four because he's the forty-fourth president.”
Ray shakes her head.
“Switch 'em,” I say.
“What?”
“Forty-four, thirteen.”
“Four-four-one-three,” she says aloud. Pause. “Holy shit.”
Cal rips the phone from her hand, looks at the screen, and then hands it back to her silently. She shows it to both me and my father. The Washington Monument has dissolved into the home screen. The picture is of the President spread eagle on the eagle carpet that centers the oval office. A picture that would have been infamous had it ever been leaked.
“Look at this,” Ray says, reading through his contact list. “The vice president, the treasurer, supreme court justice Billings, the head of the CIA.” Ray shoves the phone in Cal's face and says, “Look at this picture. It's the President taking a selfy . . . and here's one of his dog . . . holy shit.” She looks at me. “You were telling the truth.”
I nod.
“Now will you get these cuffs off me so I can go home.”
Cal nods at Ray and she unlocks the cuffs.
“What time is it?” I ask.


~E:ght~
 
Lassie is licking my face.
Only it isn't Lassie.
It's my dad's one-hundred and sixty-pound English Mastiff.
Murdock.
Not only has Murdock been licking my face for God knows how long, he'd slept on my legs, and I am paralyzed from the waist down.
Can't I go just one night without waking up feeling like I've been tackled by Ray Lewis. 
By the time I get Murdock off me, get my legs to work, clean my face, change the dressing on my stitches, and join my dad at the kitchen table, it is 3:06 a.m.
“Why are you walking like that?” he asks.
“Your dumb dog slept on my legs.”
He laughs.
Murdock comes trotting in and buries his face in my dad's lap. “You're not dumb,” my dad tells him.
He's not dumb. To be dumb, he would have to be much smarter.
I open the fridge and see that Isabel has made a fresh round of sandwiches. Rubens. My favorite. I grab two and a strawberry protein shake and set them on the table where my dad is shuffling the cards. I grab a can of tuna, open it, and set it outside the door.
Just in case.
I dive into the sandwiches and flip up my laptop. 
My dad deals the cards.
“Nothing in the news about the President being arrested, if that's what you're wondering,” he says.
I close the laptop and set it on the ground.
“How much do you know?”
“After you fell asleep, the lady detective told me most everything.” He smiles. “She's not bad looking.”
I laugh. “No, she is not.”
He's waiting for me to discard, but I also know he wants to hear my version of the story. I oblige him with a six of clubs and an animated narrative.
“And you took the cat?” he says with belly laugh. “You hate cats.”
“I couldn't leave him there. And he thinks he's a dog, so he's not too bad.”
I give my dad a hug at 3:58 and let Murdock lick my face goodbye.
I have my first peaceful sleep in a week.
 
…
 
It's 3:08 a.m. when I pick up the phone and dial Ray.
She answers, then says, “He says that he lost the phone two days earlier.”
“And you believe him?” I shout into the phone.
“There is an official report filed,” responds Ray. “I have a friend in the White House who faxed it to me.”
“Could it have been doctored?”
“I don't see why not? But proving it would be hell.”
“Well, did you at least get the President's fingerprints off the phone?”
“Nope, he must have wiped it. And we didn't find his fingerprints in the house.”
I blew out a long exhale.
“What about the car? Did you check the stoplight cams or ATM cams for the Ford Focus?”
“Yep. Nothing.”
“So where does that leave us?”
“Us?”
“You? Where does that leave you?”
“Well, we can't do anything without rock solid evidence and the phone isn't enough. In fact, the Secret Service already came by and got it.”
“Seriously?”
“Yep.”
“And they had a quick conversation with my Captain, who then tore me a new asshole for using my back channel at the White House and warned me the only way we would ever go after the President is if there were a video of him strangling the girl and even then we probably wouldn't do shit.”
“What about Cal? He didn't back you?”
“No.”
I wait for her to expand on this. She doesn’t.
“So he just gets away with it?”
“The only thing tying him to the scene is you and the phone, but the phone is no longer in our possession.”
“There has to be a connection somewhere. You sure Callie Freig never worked at the White House?”
“She graduated from Ohio State in the winter, then moved out here four months ago. She might have met the President in Ohio somewhere, but we'd never be able to prove it.”
“What about friends and family? Ask them.”
“No family to speak of. As far as friends, we can't locate any.”
“But you have her cell phone records.”
“Sure do. She called and received calls from all of one number. And that number is now disconnected?”
“That's odd.”
“Very. This could easily be how she communicated with the President, but the cell company couldn't get a report on the number. And we'd need a warrant to dig any deeper and since my ass is still stinging, I'm not doing anything that could come back on me.”
“So it's done. The President gets away with murder.”
“For now.” She pauses. “Yes.”
I hang up.
Three minutes later, my feet are pounding the cold Alexandria asphalt.
I dig a moat around my mind, fill it with alligators, and place a thousand archers on the turrets of my cerebrum, but I am unable to defend my thoughts. They are dominated by Connor Sullivan, Callie Freig, and the white noise of injustice.
I do not have a temper. I don't have time for anger. But my insides are engulfed in blue flames.
The car pulls to the curb. Doors open. Men jump out.
I cut left into an alley.
I think about what Ray said, The only thing tying him to the scene is you and the phone, but the phone is no longer in our possession.
I am the only connection.
If I'm dead.
No connection.
My pursuers are ten strides behind me. I run a quarter mile, knock over two trashcans and exit the alley.  Headlights flash at me. I cut right and sprint three blocks, then take a left onto a side street that leads to the Potomac.  I can feel the headlights on my back, singeing as they grow closer and closer.  I can hear the river.  I hit the concrete embankment and turn.  Both cars have skidded to a halt.  The doors fly open and four men leap out.  I gaze down at the moving water twenty feet below.  And jump.
The water is cold. But I'm not in it. I am in a large drainage pipe that opens into the Potomac.
Gross, I know.
The pipe is impossible to see from the high embankment and I only know it's there because I'd jumped in the river once on a self-dare and crawled out just below it. It is roughly four feet high and I crouch down and wait.
I check my phone.
3:46 a.m.
Two minutes later, I hear wheels squeal on the asphalt. 
I wait another minute, then climb out and scale the embankment.  My pursuers are gone.
I have dual concerns as I start sprinting back; can I make the two and a half mile trek in time?  And are those dickheads still out there looking for me?
The constant head turning and the many times I stop to hide, decimate my time. With a mile left, I have four minutes. And since I'm not Usain Bolt, I'm screwed.
The hunt begins.
Where can I sleep for twenty-three hours without being discovered?
There is only one logical answer.
I shine my cell phone into the dumpster behind the Italian restaurant. It is two-thirds full and I'm hoping this means the pick-up is still a couple days off. I climb inside, dig myself down into the slimy refuse, cover myself in as many bags as I can, and close my eyes.


~N:ne~
 
Every once in a great while, I will wake up a couple minutes early. 2:59. 2:58. Once, even 2:57.
It’s like Christmas, each minute a beautifully wrapped gift just waiting to be opened. Should I allow myself an extra minute in the shower? Could I read three more pages of my book? Run another quarter mile? Watch a YouTube video? Watch the swimming pool scene from Wild Things, twice?
Today, I wake up at 2:58 a.m.
Two extra minutes.
It requires one of these minutes to pull myself from the now three-quarters full dumpster. And it necessitates another minute to rid my hair and body of the potpourri of spaghetti, breadcrumbs, day old lasagna, and maggots. As unpleasant as maggots are, and they are unpleasant — trust me on this — I try to look on the bright side; I wasn't killed by those pesky guys trying to kill me, and I wasn't discovered by an underpaid busser who called 911, and I wasn't at a landfill. All things considered, I called myself lucky. And quite honestly, I'd slept well. Day old lasagna is like Memory Foam.
I take the back way to my condo, which adds two blocks, but I don't want to risk the goons patrolling the street in front of my condo, and when I walk through the door, it is 3:06.
I check the blinds, but don't see any suspicious cars on the street. As for the goons, I wasn't sure if it was a hit squad, or the Secret Service, or some angry congressman, but I knew I hadn't seen the last of them. I latch the security lock on my door, throw my clothes in a garbage bag, and shower.
When I sit down to the computer, it is 3:17 a.m.
There is no breaking news about the President being arrested and I concede that he's gotten away with murder. And that I should let him. If I want to remain alive.
I check my stocks, which have been crippled over the last couple days – I'd lost about 40k – and I decide to ride out the storm with a couple of them and sell off the remainder.
I try to watch Game of Thrones, but I can't remember what has happened in the previous episodes and I feel lost. What happened to the Kingslayer's hand? Although it had been nearly twenty-four hours since my harrowing chase and physically my body had recovered from the fight or flight-endorphin release, my brain had not. I feel sluggish, my synapses delayed and unresponsive.
At 3:42, I give up and lay down on my bed.
For the first time I can ever remember, I fall asleep on my own.
 
…
 
The next few days pass in relative monotony. I have made a couple small tweaks, as I have decided never to venture outside again, and I run on my new treadmill that I'd had overnighted and delivered (the days of leaving my door unlocked are in the past and I had Isabel meet the delivery people and let them in.) Anyhow, the treadmill is the latest and greatest and there is a screen that shows where you are running. You can run the Appalachian Trail, the streets of Boston, the beaches of San Diego, or even the nearby Potomac.
I mean, who needs to go outside, am I right?
It's my fifth day on the treadmill, and I opt for a little run down the streets of D.C. The White House looms in the background and I flip it off.
I've run 2.43 miles when I hear a noise.
I jerk my head towards the door, my eyes scanning to see if the regular security lock, and the Ideal Security Heavy Duty lock I'd had installed are both latched. They are.
I continue running.
At 2.51 miles, I hear it again.
I jump off the treadmill and tiptoe to the door and gaze through the peep-hole. Nothing.
Was I hearing things?
Two steps back towards the treadmill and I hear it again. I again press my eye to the peep-hole. Again, nothing.
I unlatch both locks and gently ease the door open.
Meow.
“LASSSSSSSSSSSSSIE!”
He jumps into my arms.
I hold him up high, my cheeks cramping I'm smiling so hard. “BUDDDY! . . . WHERE DID YOU G—DUDE! WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?”
Lassie is a bloody mess.  He has a huge cut on his belly, a bite out of his ear, and one of his eyes is swollen shut. I swear he is smirking as if to say, “You should see the other five guys.” 
I set him on the table and go to work on him with a warm cloth. He winces as I touch him, but altogether he's a pretty good sport.
I'd been so happy to see him and so overwhelmed by his many cuts that I'd failed to notice he smelled something awful.
“Dude, did you pick a fight with a skunk?”
Meow.
“What are these?” I pull out two spines from his butt. Porcupine spikes.
“Dude, did you pick a fight with a skunk and a porcupine.”
Meow.
I am laughing uncontrollably and hug him tight.
He winces.
“Sorry, buddy.”
I feed him a can of tuna, then I give him a bath in the sink. I gently rinse all the dried blood off him. He is having trouble keeping his eyes open. “I've been there buddy. Trust me.”
I carry him to bed and rub his little body until he falls asleep.
 
…
 
“Lassie . . . Lassie!”
His eyes flutter, but he doesn't move.
It's 3:03 a.m.
I gingerly roll him over. The cut on his belly is red and swollen. I touch it with my finger and he yelps.
Shit.
“Dude? Are you okay?”
He's not.
My heart starts racing.
“I'm sorry buddy. We'll get you fixed.”
Meow.
My eyes are filling with tears and I wipe them away. He's just a stupid cat, I tell myself. I grab my phone and am about to search for an emergency vet, when I stop. I've actually seen the emergency vet before. It's adjacent to the park about a mile and a half away.
I don't have a driver's license, but I do have a little Vespa that I use every so often.
I grab Lassie and a backpack, then bolt out the front door.
It’s the first time I have left the sanctity of my apartment since the Chase. I scan the street. It’s all clear.
I open the backpack and put Lassie inside. 
“Ten minutes buddy,” I tell him.
I make it in seven.
Lassie clings to my shoulder as I walk through the sliding glass doors of the Alexandria VCA Emergency Animal Hospital. 
There is no one else there and after filling out some paperwork, we see the doctor five minutes later.
It is 3:20. 
“So, what seems to be the problem?” the vet asks in an Australian accent. He has reddish blond hair, glasses, and tells me to call him James, or as he says it, Jahms.
“He was gone for about a week, came back all beat up last night. I think he picked a fight with a skunk and a porcupine.”
“Is that right?” He laughs. “Well let's have a look-see shall we?”
Lassie looks at me over his shoulder as the doctor begins his examination and I reassure him, “It's okay buddy.”
The doctor flips him over and looks at the cut on his belly. “Somebody really got you there didn't they?” He gazes up at me and says, “Looks like he got pretty lucky actually, the skin on the belly is pretty soft, a little deeper and he could have done some real damage.”
He presses on Lassie's belly and I expect him to wince, but he doesn't. But when the doctor touches a little higher on his ribs, he lets out a painful wail.
My stomach tightens. I wait for the doctor to tell me that he is bleeding internally and will surely die. But, after another minute of prodding, the doctor diagnoses some bruised ribs, nothing major. He prescribes some pain meds and gives me a couple ointments to put on his cuts.
I blow a sigh of relief.
“Hear that buddy. Just some bruised ribs.”
Meow.
“He should be back in action in a couple days.”
“Thanks, doc.” I remember something from a week earlier when I'd been petting Lassie and ask, “Actually, while we're here . . . did you happen to feel that lump on his shoulder?”
He shakes his head and I guide his hand to a little lump behind Lassie's right shoulder.
I wait for the doctor to tell me it is obviously cancer.
“Microchip.”
“What?”
“That's his microchip. Sometimes they put it in behind the shoulder.”
He saw my confusion and asked, “You didn't have the microchip put in?”
“No. I found him on the street about a month ago. No tags.”
“Well, whoever owned the cat, had a microchip put in. Costs like fifty bucks, some places do it for free.”
My mind is racing.
“Could you find out who he belongs to?” I ask. “I mean, I should at least try and track them down. Right?”
“Sure thing.”
He opens a drawer, unwinds a little scanner, and plugs it into his computer. A moment later, he runs the scanner over Lassie's shoulder, like he is produce at the grocery store. He writes the name, phone number, and address on the back of one of his business cards and hands it to me.
I read the name and try to keep a straight face.
 
…

It is 3:46 when we get back.
I put two of the tiny little pain pills inside a blueberry and feed it to Lassie. Then I spread ointment on all his cuts and then carry him and my laptop to bed.
I pull out the card the vet gave me.
Jessica Renoix.
A Richmond address.
I Google, “Jessica Renoix and Connor Sullivan.”
There are several hits. I click on images.
Bingo.
There is a picture of Jessica Renoix and the then governor of Virginia, Connor Sullivan. 
Jessica Renoix is Callie Freig.


~Ten~
 
It'd been a double homicide. Twelve nights ago, Callie Freig had been murdered. But so had Jessica Renoix.
It is 3:07 a.m.
Lassie and I are back in my bed. I'd given him another round of pain medicine and he is on his back snoring. The cut on his belly has improved dramatically and he'd told me in face licks that he was feeling a little better.
I've been staring at the picture of Connor Sullivan and Jessica Renoix for the past couple minutes. Under the picture of the two, a caption reads, “Campaign volunteer Jessica Renoix gets an arm-full of incumbent candidate, Governor Connor Sullivan.”
The photo must have been taken six years earlier during his final reelection campaign as Governor of Virginia.
In the photo, there are fifteen people clad in white T-shirts with the slogan, “The Man With the Plan.” Sullivan had been quoted ad nauseum on television saying, “I've got a plan . . .” During his bid for governor it had always been, “I have a plan for this great state,” which quickly became, “I have a plan for this great nation,” during his bid for president. To his credit, he'd had a plan, and he was delivering on all fronts. The economy was the strongest it'd been in eight years, unemployment the lowest in a decade, and every troop had been pulled from the Middle East.
Jessica Renoix and the President are front and center. Jessica is petite and of medium height. Though she must have been barely out of high school, her confident eyes and wry smile speak to a girl who is not naive about the realities of the world. The President is wearing a crisp blue shirt under a black blazer. He towers over her, his right arm draped over her shoulder. There is nothing overtly sexual about the pose and if anything, the contact appears fatherly. I surmise that any of the other fifteen volunteers could just as easily been in Jessica's place.
I spend the rest of my forty-five minutes in bed, scouring the internet for more information on Jessica Renoix.
I find very little.
 
…
 
It's ten minutes into my day, when I scroll down to Ray's telephone number and nearly hit the Call button, then decide against it. I want to know more about Jessica Renoix before I talk to the detective.
I log onto the Internet and find a company that does background checks. I fill in all the information I have on Jessica Renoix; a six-year-old address and a long out-of-service telephone number, then pay the nearly two hundred dollars for the rush job.
“Well, now I guess we just wait,” I say to Lassie, who is lick-eating his breakfast. In forty-eight hours, he has made a near full recovery.
Meow.
“You would think you would care more. This is your mother we're talking about.”
Meow.
“Yes, living with me is awesome, but still.”
Meow.
“Candy? What kind of candy?”
Meow.
“Dude, Twix is a cookie.”
We argue about this for another minute, then I open the door to the balcony and he goes to his mound and takes care of business. The fresh air feels wonderful and I decide I am going running outside.
Goons be damned. 
There is a brown box on the kitchen table with an Amazon sticker. It had come two days earlier, but I'd yet to open it.
A minute later, I'm holding the strongest Taser on the market.
I shake it at Lassie. “Next time you go pee-pee on the carpet, zap, 4000 volts buddy.” 
He laughs.
I pull on my beanie, slip on my running shoes, and open the front door. Lassie sticks his head out, surveys the hall, then slinks back in. If I'd gotten over my little scare, Lassie was yet to get over his.
“I guess we'll have to get you a Taser too.”
Meow.
“No, I'm not getting you a knife.”
Meow.
“We'll discuss this when I get back.”
After running on the treadmill for close to a week, I forgot how amazing the air tastes. I decide to take a different route and head north toward Summer Park. I've already thought of escape routes, should the need arise. The stun gun is in my right hand, cranked on high.
I sweep the perimeter as I run. No signs of life. I try to remain on alert, but my mind continually drifts. I try to move past her, but she keeps popping back into my thoughts. Not Callie Freig. Not Jessica Renoix. Detective Ray. Her auburn hair, her crooked smile, how she would stare at me when she thought I was a murderer. I try to configure what her body is shaped like beneath those jeans and bulky sweatshirts.  What sounds she might make. How her nipples would respond to my teasing tongue.
Bright lights.
Two sets.
Escape Route D.
I dart across the street. There is a ditch and I jump down into the water, then crawl up the embankment and enter Summer Park.
I head for the darkened tennis courts to my left. I crash through the chain-link gate, hurdle the net, then start on the 18-foot fence enclosing the two courts. I turn and look over my shoulder. Three guys have entered the court. They are all wearing black. They have guns. I wonder why they don't shoot. As I sweep my leg over the top of the chain-link, all three hit the fence and shake it for all it's worth. Somehow I'm able to hold on, then hop down the last ten feet.
I look through the fence at them. They could be Navy Seals for all I know. 
“Hey guys.”
They don't respond.
They go to work on the fence and I wait until all three near the top.
“Sorry about this.”
I Taser the chain link fence.
Three screams, then three thuds as they fall to the green court floor.
I turn and run.
“Don't move.”
I'm staring into the barrel of a gun. 
“Drop the Taser.”
I drop the stun gun.
“You guys okay?” he calls to his buddies.
“That motherfucker electrocuted us.”
He picks up the stun gun from the ground and looks at it. Then he pushes it into my chest and I scream.
 
…
 
I'm in a car.
“You okay?”
My vision is blurred. “What time is it?” I ask.
“3:35 a.m.”
I squint at the voice.
“Don't worry, we'll get you back before your 4 a.m. curfew.”
I recognize the voice, but the face still swims in front of me.
“Henry Bins,” he says. It isn't a question.
My vision is starting to clear. I'm in the back seat of a car. My chest is burning.
I try to speak, but only a cough comes out.
He hands me a Perrier and I take a small sip. A chill courses down my arms. 
“Mr. President.”
 
…
 
The car light above illuminates Connor Sullivan's face in roughly the same shadow as the streetlamp had two weeks earlier. He is wearing jeans and a University of Dayton sweatshirt. He could be any other guy out for a drive. But he's not. He's the President of the United States.
“Sorry about my guys,” he says. “No harm was supposed to come to you.”
I bring my hand to my chest where I was shocked and know a ruby red burn is in the making.
I nod.
“I know time is of the essence, that for you time is always of the essence, so I will get right to the point. I knew the moment I saw your face in that window that you were going to pose a problem.”
We lock eyes. Relive that moment in time. 
I think about his words, that you were going to pose a problem. Callie Freig had also posed a problem. And she was dead. So why wasn't I?
“I didn't kill that girl,” he says.
I would have been more apt to believe if he told me he could turn off gravity. That if I dropped the Perrier in my hand, it would float to the ceiling.
I scoff.
“I don't blame you,” he says with a shake of his head. “If I had the information you had, I would have no doubt that I killed that woman. Let's see, you heard a scream, you saw me leaving, you found my cell phone, and you made the connection between me and Jessica Renoix.”
I try not to blink. I wonder if my house is bugged. Or if they know everything I've searched on the Internet. Or both.
He takes a breath and says, “I met Jessica six years ago when she volunteered for my reelection campaign.” He whistles. “Still remember the day she walked in. Every male from eighteen to fifty literally stopped and stared. She had that effect.”
“How long did it take for you to start sleeping with her?”
“Not long. A month into the campaign, the lot of us were staying at a hotel. She snuck into my room and well, I didn't turn her down.”
“I didn't take you as much of a philanderer?” In fact, he reeked of the consummate family man.
“Nothing I'm proud of,” he offers with an upward glance. I'm not sure if he was repenting or checking the roof of the car for tears.
“And you've kept this up for six years?”
“No. It only happened the one time.”
I am confused and must look it.
“She videotaped it. Came to me the next day and demanded a hundred thousand dollars.”
My eyebrows rise.
“I paid her. She disappeared the next day.”
“You paid her?”
“If that video got out I would have been ruined. Paid her a hundred thousand dollars cash and she took it with a smile and disappeared. Didn't hear a peep from her for six years. Then I got an email a month ago. She was back and she wanted more money.”
“Did you give it to her?”
“I did. Two weeks ago.”
I study his face. I found myself believing him. But that he was being blackmailed by Callie/Jessica didn't mean he didn't kill her. In fact, it gave him motive.
“I know what you're thinking, even a better reason to kill her, and don't think it didn't cross my mind. But she'd gone away for six years the first time I paid her, I had little doubt she would disappear for another six, whereby if she ever came back to the well, I would have served out my presidency and I could deal with the fallout if the tape came out.”
“Okay, so say I believe you. What happened that night? And start from the beginning, like how you got out of the White House and into a Ford Focus.”
“You know that was the first time I'd driven in nearly three years. Man it felt good!” He laughs.
I don't react. I'm still sitting next to a killer. And I don't give a shit when the last time he drove a car was.
He straightens.
“I told my guys I wanted to go for a drive. That I didn't want any record of it. Red, the guy that tased you, heads up my detail. He made it happen, but he insisted he come with me. Snuck me out, got me into that car and we drove. We went five miles, then I pulled over and told him to get out. Some SS might not have gotten out of the car, but Red and I go back to college. We'd played ball together for two years. Like brothers. He got out. I told him I'd pick him up in an hour. Drove down to the address that Jessica – I had no idea she was calling herself Callie now – had given me, and went inside.
“I gave her the money, two hundred grand this time, and she took it. She tried to kiss me and I pushed her away. That's when she started screaming. I covered her mouth and told her to shut up, then I ran out.”
“What about your phone?”
He shakes his head. “I had this great plan to record the exchange, so I would have proof she was blackmailing me if it ever came to that, but Jessica is smart. She patted me down, found the phone and said she was keeping it. It was her insurance if I ever tried to prove she was blackmailing me.”
“And what, you just left and then someone came and strangled her?”
“Yep and they took two hundred thousand dollars with them.”
 
…
 
The President dropped me off five blocks from my house at 3:50 a.m.
I open the door and ask, “So if you didn't kill her, then who did?”
He had no idea.


~Eleven~
 
I have no idea if the Clemens moved back. If they have, I will know in the next thirty seconds.
I pick up a rock from a nearby garden and weigh it in my hand. It has some heft, maybe three pounds. It will work.
My plan is to smash the lock on the sliding glass door, then hope it opens. I raise the rock above my head.
Meow.
I look down.
I decided to bring Lassie along for my B & E encore, hoping he might be able to sniff out something the cops had missed.
“I know it’s a stupid idea, but how else are we going to get in?”
Meow.
“Really?”
Meow.
“Well, why didn’t you say something earlier?”
He shrugs, then leads me to a flower pot at the back edge of the porch. The flowers are long dead, having not been watered in two weeks, and the soil is filled with small crusty leaves. I dig my hand in the soil and feel around, then hit pay dirt. I pull out a key.
“Good job Watson.”
Meow.
“No, I’m Sherlock.”
Ten seconds later, we are inside.
It is 3:10 a.m.
The TV remote is in the same place I’d last seen it and I decide the Clemens are still tanning their hides in the Florida sun. I wonder what their plans are for the estate. And I also wonder if they believe in ghosts. Ten to one, the house would be on the market within the year. Virginia real estate prices were on the rise, some were even throwing out words like “seller’s market”, but I’d be surprised if the Clemens got sixty percent of their asking price.
As for the cops, if they’d moved stuff around, they’d put it back in relatively the same fashion as they’d found it.
I head into the kitchen and I grab myself a couple string cheeses from the fridge.  Lassie springs onto the counter and begins clawing at one of the cabinets. I open it and find some little treats. I feed him a couple. He gobbles them down.
“Dude, you didn’t even chew it?”
Meow.
“You’re gonna spoil your appetite.”
Meow.  
“If you find us a clue to who killed your mom, I’ll give you a couple more.”
Meow.
“Seven? How bout three?”
Meow.
“Four, but no more.”
Meow.
“Fine, five.”
He jumps off the counter and zips out of the kitchen.
After my unlikely chat with the POTUS, I was far from convinced Jessica Renoix had not died at the hands of Connor Sullivan. But he had put a couple chinks in the armor, enough that I was looking for a connection between Jessica and a third party. If this was a ménage `a trios, then someone knew the President was coming over to Jessica’s house with a big bag of cash. I was hoping to uncover some clue as to who that person could be.
I spend five minutes in the living room, looking through a bunch of pictures on the walls. The Clemens appear to be in their late 60s, but that could have been exacerbated by UVA and UVB rays. There is a son and a daughter. Four grandchildren by the looks of the framed school pictures.
Finding nothing that speaks to the murder of Jessica Renoix, I make my way into the master bedroom. I hit the flashlight on my phone, illuminating the many elephant trinkets scattered about the room. I wonder if Jessica or Mrs. Clemens was the elephant nut. I guess the latter. In fact, everything in the room, the entire house, appears to belong to the Clemens. Had they known Jessica well enough to let her around all their valuables without a care in the world? Detective Ray had said the Clemens told her Callie/Jessica had contacted them on Craigslist. So Jessica wasn’t an old family friend. Ray also mentioned they’d given her a great deal on the rent. Did she charm them, much like she’d charmed the President?
Jessica had been living in the house for going on three months, yet there was no sign of her.
The closet was full of the Clemens’ clothes. The dresser as well. Well, at least most of the dresser. Unless, Mrs. Clemens was wearing thongs and a size two, which I highly doubted, the bottom three drawers belonged to Jessica. I rifle through her bras, panties, then her shirts and tops, then her jeans. I stick my hand into the pocket of each pair of jeans. On the fifth pair, I find a small slip of paper. A receipt.
I unfold it.
Best Cash Pawn Shop.
She sold something to them for twelve hundred dollars.
Meow.
I look down at Lassie.
“Too late buddy. I already found it.”
Meow.
“Okay, okay.”
I give him two more treats.
Meow.
“You’re welcome.”
Five minutes later we are home.
 
…
 
“It’s up here on the left.”
“That neon sign?” asks my dad.
Best Cash Pawn Shop is in one of the sketchier parts of town, just on the outskirts of D.C. The drive had taken nearly 35 minutes and I’d eaten my breakfast in the car.
I turn around and look at Murdock and Lassie in the backseat. They hadn’t gotten off to a great start. According to my father — who had driven to my house around midnight — when he and Murdock had entered my apartment, Lassie had come out from the bedroom to investigate. Murdock, big, sweet, dumb, Murdock, had never seen a cat before and went berserk, barking his head off, chasing the cat all over the condo, to the point where the couch was overturned and the downstairs neighbors were banging on the walls. My dad was trying to harangue the giant pooch, when Murdock suddenly stopped barking. My dad looked down and couldn’t believe his eyes. Lassie had somehow found the bag of treats I’d brought home the night before, opened it, and had dropped a treat at the feet of the enraged canine. Murdock ate the treat and Lassie set another peace offering at his feet.
When I woke up a couple hours later and walked into the living room, the two were asleep next to one another, Murdock’s huge paw cradled around the small cat.
“Don’t forget who feeds you,” I tell Lassie, who is lying on Murdock’s back, gently rocking with each of the mastiff’s breaths.
Meow.
“You can’t have two BFFs.”
“Are you okay?” my dad asks.
I ignore him and point to a place across the street and tell him to park.
“You sure this place is open?” he asks. 
“It said it was open twenty-four hours.”
There is a group of unsavory characters standing just outside the entrance and my dad says, “You want me to come with you?”
“No, better you stay with the car.”
I hop out and walk past three leering gangsters, trying not to look like I’m carrying five thousand in cash in my right front pocket. I push through the barred door and the chiming of bells alerts someone to my presence.
The man behind the counter is a white guy with a ponytail. He is wearing a jean jacket and fingerless gloves. He looks like what a guy who is working at a pawnshop at three in the morning is supposed to look like.
“What can I do for ya?” he inquires as I approach.
I pull the receipt from my pocket and hand it to him. “My girlfriend sold this and I’d like to buy it back.”
He scrunches his face at me, then pulls up glasses attached to a chain around his neck and peers down at the receipt. There is a code on the receipt that reads, “2F49.”
It could be anything, a TV, a coat, art, jewelry. I’m hoping whatever it is will somehow connect Jessica to whoever killed her. Killed her and took two hundred thousand dollars. 
“Let’s see here,” he says. He walks down the counter, bends down, and says, “You’re in luck, number forty-nine is still hanging around.”
He pulls out a watch and lays it on the counter.
It is silver, with a black leather band. The second hand sweeps effortlessly across the numerals. It is a beautiful piece of craftsmanship.
“Nice watch,” he says.
I nod.
“This what you’re looking for?”
“That’s it,” I say, hoping it is. “You remember the girl who sold you this?”
“I wasn’t here, but Chip, one of the other guys was, and he told me about some hot little number who come in wanting ten thousand for some watch.”  He pauses, “That sound like your lady?”
I nod, but I’m thinking about Jessica. She wanted ten grand, but took twelve hundred. She must have been desperate.
“How much for it back?” I ask. 
“How much you willing to pay?”
“Three grand.”
He laughs and says that it is worth three times that.
“Thirty-five hundred,” I counter.
Laughs again.
“Four.”
Less laughing.
“Forty-five.”
Almost a nod.
“Five.”
“Deal.”
I fork over all five grand.  He polishes the watch for me, then hands it over and I realize I have just spent five grand on a watch that most likely belongs to Mr. Clemens.  I put it in my pocket and walk quickly across the street and get back into the car.
“You get it?” my dad asks.
“Yeah.” I turn and look at Lassie and say, “I really could have used you in there buddy. Guy cleaned me out.”
Meow.
“You would not have gotten it for fifty dollars.”
He laughs.
“Let’s see it,” my dad says.
The clock on the dash reads 3:53 a.m.
The gangsters are staring at us from across the way and I say, “Let’s get out of this neighborhood first.”  
We drive for five minutes, then pull into a neighborhood with fences.
“Now, that is a nice watch,” my dad says, though I hardly hear him. I am too busy trying to make out the inscription on the back. I read it out loud, “To Risky, may all your dreams come true. Mom and Dad.”
My dad’s eyebrows jump.
“What?” I ask.
“I think I know whose watch that is.”
I stare at him.
He explains how he is openly referred to as Risky.
My dad says the name. “Ricky Sullivan.”
The President’s son.


~Twelve~
 
Years ago, my dad tried to drag my lifeless body from his car up to my condo, but it hadn't ended well. It'd taken him over twenty minutes, he'd slipped two discs in the process, and my neighbor down the hall, thinking my dad was disposing of my body, had called the cops. Since then, anytime I fell asleep in the car, he'd recline the seat, put a pillow under my head, lay a blanket over me, and crack a couple windows. And although he wouldn't admit it, I know he checked on me every couple hours throughout the day.
At 3:00 a.m., I wake up, crawl from the car, and make my way up to the apartment, where my dad, Murdock, and Lassie are all spooning on the bed. Lassie and Murdock both jump off, run forward, and lick me clean.
“Hey guys, did you have fun playing?”
“They sure did,” my dad says, pushing himself up. “Long lost brothers, you'd think those two are.”
I laugh.
The four of us move to the living room.
“You gonna stick around?” I ask my dad.
“No, I think we're gonna head out. Got some things to do tomorrow.”
“Cards on Wednesday?”
“Always.”
“What are you gonna do about the watch?” he asks.
“I'm not sure. I have to do some research. But if the President's son is involved, I'm going to find out.”
In the couple of minutes before I'd fallen asleep last night, my dad had told me everything he knew about Ricky Sullivan. The President's only child made the Bush twins seem tame by comparison. He'd gotten into his fair share of trouble when Sullivan was governor — though he was never officially arrested for anything — and his father's rise to the presidency did little to quell 'Risky's' insatiable appetite for fast cars and fast women. He had been likened to Prince Harry on several occasions and the two were actually close friends. In the past year, he'd kept a low profile and was said to be buckling down for his second year at Georgetown Law.
“I thought of something else,” my dad says. “About the President's son.”
I nod.
“I guess he has a bit of a gambling problem. His bookie was busted a couple years back for cocaine possession. He thought rolling over on the President's son's gambling habits would lighten his sentence. It didn't. But the story did leak to the press; Risky was into him for about eighty grand at the time.”
As if I hadn't put it together, my dad adds, “The two hundred grand that was stolen.”
“You might be on to something,” I tell him.
He shrugs and says that he'd better get going. He starts towards to door. Murdock appears to have no intention of leaving his sidekick and lowers to the ground next to Lassie.
“Say goodbye to your friend,” I tell Lassie, picking him up and making my way towards the open door. 
Meow.
“No, he can't stay over.”
Meow.
“Because you guys are gonna stay up all night drinking soda and playing video games, that's why.”
Meow.
“He's coming back over in a couple days and you guys can stay up as long as you want.”
Meow.
“Grand Theft Auto 5? Is that even out yet?”
Meow.
“I'll see what I can do.”
Murdock jumps up on my chest and gives Lassie a big kiss goodbye, then my dad yanks him by the collar and shuts the door. I can hear him whining in the hallway as my dad wrestles the beast away from the door.
 
…
 
Lassie and I are just sitting down to eat, when there is a knock at the door.
It is 3:11 a.m.
I look through the peephole, expecting to see my father, thinking he'd left something at my condo. It's not.
I pull the door open.
“What the fuck Bins?”
“And a hello to you, Detective Ray.”
She storms in. She is wearing a black top and tight jeans. Her hair is up. Her arms are also up. As is her apparent temper. “You didn't have to go to the FBI!”
“FBI?”
She cuts her eyes at me.
“What are you talking about?”
Her eyebrows rise, then slide together. “You don't know?”
I shake my head.  
“Tomorrow morning.” She pauses. “They are going to arrest the President for murder.”
 
…
 
“What?”
“Callie Freig isn't really Callie Freig.”
I put on my best surprise face. Big eyes. Open mouth. A loss for words. It works.
“The FBI got an anonymous tip; before she changed her identity, Callie Freig was actually a young girl named Jessica Renoix. She worked for Sullivan's governor campaign in Virginia. The tip also said that they saw the President leave the woman's house the night of the murder.”
She looks at me skeptically.
“It wasn't me,” I assure her. Then add, “Still that's not a lot to go on. The Secret Service came and got the phone, so they couldn't use that. You would think the FBI would have more.”
“They do.”
She takes a deep breath.
“President Sullivan underwent a battery of tests when he became President, one of which is a routine DNA workup. His DNA wouldn't show up in a routine search of the National DNA database, but the FBI has it on file somewhere. They ran his DNA against a couple of hairs found in her bed and it was a match.”
I didn't have to fake my surprise face this time.
“They made a courtesy call to my Captain, because the homicide is technically our jurisdiction, but yeah, they are arresting him at the White House tomorrow morning.”
“What did your Captain say?”
“What could he say, he let the biggest arrest in the history of the United States slip through his fingers. He smelled like he'd drunk a fifth of scotch by the time he called me and Cal into his office and told us what was going on.”
I thought of Cal, who had been so adamant that I'd killed her. “It would have been nice to see Cal's face.”
“He still thinks it's bullshit,” she scoffs. “Thinks it's some big left wing conspiracy to get the President out of office and get a democrat back in.”
“Asshole.”
She nods and both of us go quiet. I wonder if she is playing the same simulation in her head, the one of the President being arrested, and the media atomic bomb that is going to explode tomorrow. This will, without a doubt, be the biggest story since 9/11.
“I talked with him.”
She cuts her eyes at me. “Who?”
“The President.”
“Yeah, right. You talked with Connor Sullivan.”
“I did. Two nights ago.”
It takes her three seconds to realize I'm not joking. She takes two steps towards me. We are a foot apart.
“Tell me.”
I start at the beginning. The very beginning. “So, Lassie isn't my cat. I mean, he is now, but he was Jessica's.”
She looks at Lassie, who is sitting on the top of the couch. Hearing his name he meows.
It takes ten minutes for me to tell bring her up to date; the vet, the microchip, Jessica Renoix, the goons, the tasing, the backseat chat with the most powerful man in the world. I leave out the part of my breaking back into the house, the pawn receipt, and the watch. 
“She was blackmailing him?”
“That's what he said.”
“And this tape, it never came out.”
“I think even the people of Jupiter would know if a video of the President banging an eighteen-year-old campaign volunteer leaked out.”
“Okay, so then what? He admits to being there that night, bringing the blackmail cash, and then leaving. Then someone else comes and kills her and takes the money. Who?”
Well, his son for one. He'd obviously been in contact with Jessica at some point. Maybe he knew about his dad's affair. Maybe she'd told him everything. Maybe he needed the money to pay off his gambling debts. Maybe Jessica and Risky were supposed to split the money, but he got greedy and killed her. Lots of maybes.
“I don't know,” I reply.  “Odds are it's a bunch of bullshit and Sullivan did it.”
“Is that what you think? You think it's bullshit? You think he was lying?”
I run the clip back in my head. His clenched jaw. His commanding gaze as he said, “I didn't kill her.”
“No.” I say. “I think he was telling the truth.”
She exhales.
I reach out and touch her arm. I'm not sure why, but I do. It is an automatic response, as unconscious as my next breath.
She looks at my hand on her shoulder, then looks up at me. I don't know what is going on behind her soft brown eyes. But I want to know.
“You want to stay for some coffee?” I ask.
“It's three-thirty in the morning,” she says with a laugh. “I've got to get to bed. Tomorrow is going to be a circus.”
Lassie jumps off the couch and rubs up against her leg as she starts for the door. She leans down and pets him, then stands and pulls the door open.
“Did you vote for him?” I ask.
She turns. Stares for a second. A flash of her crooked smile.
“Rain check on the coffee,” she says.


~Th:rteen~
 
Within ten seconds of waking up, I am on the Internet.
PRESIDENT ARRESTED!
PRESIDENT ARRESTED FOR MURDER!
PRESIDENT SULLIVAN A MURDERER!?!
PRESIDENTIAL MURDER!
MURDERGATE!
Those are just a couple of the headlines.
I click on a video and watch as the President is escorted by his Secret Service detail and no less than fifteen FBI agents down the White House steps. The Director of the FBI is one of Sullivan's strongest opposers. He is making a statement. No one is above the law. Even the President.
There are other videos, Wolf Blitzer, Anderson Cooper, Bill O'Reilly, all chomping at the bit, this is the biggest scandal since Cain and Abel went to the old fishing hole and only Cain came back. I don't spend too much time on the videos, but do watch a couple flashes of press conferences; the head of the FBI, the White House Press secretary, even one where Charles Barkley weighs in, “That guy an idiot.” Bottom line, the President was arrested for the murder of Jessica Renoix. The Senate and House were calling for an impeachment and the wheels were in process. For the moment, Connor Sullivan was still the most powerful man in the world, but that could change any moment.
“What do you think buddy, should they impeach him?”
Lassie cocks his head to the side, thinking.
Meow.
“Stone him?”
Meow.
“Cut off his hands?”
Meow.
“Okay, no more Game of Thrones for you, buddy.”
We get out of bed, get some grub, and sit down to the breakfast table. I search, “Ricky Sullivan.”
I read a couple tidbits about him, corroborating most of what my dad had already told me. The latest hit was from twelve hours earlier. Some website called TMZ. “Risky's Wild Spring Break.”
I read the small blurb, then call my dad.
He answers.
“Get the car. We're going to Vegas.”
 
…
 
The drive time from Alexandria to Las Vegas is approximately thirty-four hours.
When I wake up we are in Colorado.
“Good morning,” my dad says.
“Morning.”
I turn around.
“Hey guys.”
Lassie is chewing on Murdock's ear. He stops long enough to give me a quick kiss then goes back to the business at hand. Murdock seems to be enjoying it thoroughly.
“You mind driving for an hour?” asks my dad.
“Not at all.”
We pull over and switch spots. My dad is asleep within three miles.
I pull out my phone and log onto the Internet. It takes me a couple moments to find what I'm looking for. I click play.
Connor Sullivan is standing behind a lectern on the White House steps. At the time of the press conference, he is still the POTUS.
“My fellow Americans,” he begins. “I come before you not as the President, but as your fellow man. A man wrongly and unjustly convicted of a crime I did not commit. I have every faith in the United States judicial system and that I will be found unequivocally innocent of this heinous crime. I am not disenchanted but proud that we live in a democratic state where its highest powers are not above the law, and hold no ill will towards the FBI or any other institution. The truth will come out. God bless this great nation.”
Not bad.
I wonder how long he actually spent in a jail cell before they rushed him into a courtroom and posted bail.
Didn't matter.
What mattered was in the background. His wife was there. His son wasn't.
I put the phone down and force myself to the road. I've seen mountains before, but nothing as majestic as the snow-capped Rockies that loom under the full moon.
At 3:58, I pull the car over into a small dirt enclave and I nudge my father. We switch seats.
When I wake up, it will be the bright lights of Vegas.


~Fourteen~
 
There are 122 casinos, 874 clubs, over 2,000 restaurants, and more than fifty strip clubs in Las Vegas. Nearly everything is open until four in the morning, if they close at all. And Ricky Sullivan could be in any one of them. That is, if the paparazzi and his father's arrest hadn't sent him underground. It takes my dad six hours and five greased palms, but he finally tracks the President's son and his buddies to the XS Nightclub.
At 3:06, my dad pulls up to the massive Wynn hotel and I jump out. After a twenty-minute wait in line, and a fifty dollar cover fee, I enter.
House music blares. Purple, orange, and green strobe lights threaten to give me a seizure.  The air is sticky, a million tiny post-it notes. I feel like I've walked into a beehive. It's madness. 
I push my way through the swarming bodies. A young woman wearing six square inches of fabric grabs my crotch and whispers something unintelligible in my ear.
She grabs my hand and yanks me towards the dance floor.
I shake her hand off. I measure women in minutes and she is worth about thirty seconds. Detective Ray flashes across my mind. I give her all sixty.
When I finally get to the bar it is 3:34 a.m. 
“Where's Ricky Sullivan?” I scream at the closest bartender. 
He feigns ignorance. I am not the first person to ask him this question tonight. I wave a hundred dollar bill at him. He walks over and snags it, then cocks his head to the right, then moves on to the next customer.
It takes me four minutes to push my way through the crowd and to the VIP tables. Two bouncers guard a thick rope that cordons ten plush circular tables that currently hold three NBA stars, two rappers, a restaurateur, a comedian, an actress, a supermodel, a late-night host, and the President's son.
Ricky Sullivan is with two other guys and eight scantily clad women. They are sitting around a plush purple sofa. At least a thousand dollars’ worth of bottle service litters the table next to them. Three men in black suits stand close by; Ricky's Secret Service detail.
They look especially alert and I'm guessing the past forty-eight hours have been a deluge of reporters and paparazzi trying to get a snapshot or a comment.
The bouncers appraise me as I approach.
They are checking my wrist for the bright green band that all the 'visitors' to the VIP section are wearing.
I have one.
I'd bought it from a girl on the dance floor for two hundred dollars. She wiggled it off and I was able to wiggle it on.
What can I say, I have dainty hands.
They let me through and I pick my way past four of the tables. When I am within six feet of Ricky Sullivan and his posse, two of the Secret Service goons jump forward and block my path.
“Hey guys.”
They don't respond.
“I just need a quick second with Ricky.”
They look at one another.
“Get lost,” says one.
“Ricky,” I yell. He doesn't turn around.
The Secret Service guys start pushing me back.
I pull the watch from my pocket and toss it underhand. It lands on the lap of a girl next to Ricky.
Before my arms are wrenched behind my back, I catch Ricky's eyes as he sees the watch.
“He's good.”
The force that is about to break my wrist lessens slightly. 
“I said he’s good! LET HIM THROUGH!”
I dust myself off, give the two SS a little nod, and walk past. Ricky has already ushered all the girls and his two buddies from the table. It’s just him and the watch.
I sit down a couple feet from him.
I grab the Ciroc vodka and pour myself a vodka cranberry.
“Where did you get this?”
I look up.
Ricky Sullivan has his mother's brown doe eyes and soft features. He has his father's weight, but on a foot shorter frame. He's lost twenty pounds in the past few years, but he's still a chubbo.
“I got it from the pawn shop that Jessica sold it to.”
He inhales.
“When did she take it?”
He pours himself a stiff drink, takes a long swallow and says, “About two months ago.”
“Did you know?”
“Yeah, I knew. But I didn't care. Just figured she needed money and was too proud to ask. It wasn't the only thing she took.”
“Where did you meet her?”
“A coffee shop on campus. She said she had a class with me, but I could tell she was lying.”
“But who cares.” He shrugs. “She was the sexiest girl I'd ever seen.”
He asks who I am. I ignore him.
“Did you kill her?”
He is a deer in headlights. His doe eyes start to leak. He is crying. It takes him thirty seconds to compose.
“NO!” He sniffs. “She was the first girl I ever really cared about. Ever.”
“Did you know about her connection to your father?”
He shakes his head. “No, she never talked about her past. She just wanted to, well, screw mostly. At least, at first. At the beginning, I think she just wanted to fuck the President's son. But then, I think, she kinda started to like me.” He smiles sheepishly, like the idea of a girl actually liking him for himself is preposterous.
“Did you ever go to her house?”
“No. I didn't even know where she lived. Dave and Jerry,” he nods towards the two Secret Service guys who had manhandled me, “would sneak her up to my apartment.”
“How long were you two involved?”
“Three months.”
“Did you know her as Callie or Jessica?”
“At first it was Callie, but after six weeks, we were in bed and she told me to call her Jessie.”
Jessie?
“And she never told you about her past, how she worked for your father's campaign?”
“Nope, never.”
“What would you talk about?”
“I don't know. Movies, books, she wanted to go to vet school someday, to travel. She liked sports, especially the Ravens. She loved to play cards. We'd play cards for hours.”
“Did she ask about your dad?”
“At first. She wanted to know what sort of dad he was. Was he around? Stuff like that? But she abhorred politics. My dad didn't come up very often after the first couple weeks.”
“How did you find out she was killed?”
“Jerry came in and took my cell phone. Told me that Callie had been murdered. Brought me a new phone a couple hours later with a new phone number.”
That would explain the phone number that had been untraceable. It hadn't been the President's. It was Ricky's.
“What's the spread on the Laker's game tomorrow?”
He scoffs. “I haven't gambled in six months. I learned my lesson.”
I nod.
“What do you think 'Jessie' needed the money from the watch for?”
“I don't know. She didn't have a job. She had to pay rent somehow.”
“And you didn't care that she stole a ten thousand dollar watch from you?”
“I know I should have. But, I didn't.”
“You loved her.”
He is quiet.
He did.
“Do you think your dad killed her?”
His lips quiver.
I've heard enough. And I'm out of time. I chug the rest of my drink, pat him on the shoulder and leave.
 
…
 
I drive my one hour, this time in Tennessee.
The next time I wake up, I am in my father’s car parked outside my condo. There is an unmarked car parked down the street and I feel the occupant’s stare as I get out and enter my building.
My dad and Murdock leave and Lassie and I sit down to the computer.
I log onto the Internet.
The email from the company I’d paid to do a background check on Jessica Renoix is waiting for me in my inbox.  I click on it and am not surprised to find very little information.  There is a credit card, a phone, and an Oregon address.  All are for show.  Just like they’d been for Callie Freig. 
That’s why Jessica needed the money from the watch. She wanted to change her identity.  She had done it before.
Twice.
I'd known four Jessica’s in my life. Some went by Jess. None went by Jessie. It was a totally different name. Like a Matthew going by Mark. Didn't happen.
I go to the Virginia Missing Person’s Database and search, “Jessie.”
No hits.
Maybe I'm wrong.
I think back to what Ricky had said. She liked sports. Especially the Ravens.
The Baltimore Ravens.
I log onto the Maryland Missing Person's database and try again. 
Two hits.
One is a twelve-year-old boy.
The other is a sixteen-year-old girl.
Jessie Kallomatix.
She is younger, but there is no mistaking it. 
It's her.
Jessie Kallomatix is Jessica Renoix is Callie Freig.
Two Google searches later and I have it all figured out.
What had Ricky said, “She'd ask what kind of dad he was. Was he around a lot?”
Connor Sullivan had lied.
She'd been blackmailing him all right, but not because he'd slept with her.
She'd been blackmailing him because Connor Sullivan was her father. 


~F:fteen~

It takes three days – well, three hours – for it all to come together. Three hours of planning, phone calls, and favors. 
I pull open the curtains.
The car is still there.
Still watching.
It is 3:03 a.m.
At 3:04, I hear the sirens.
“Here they come.”
Meow.
“Sorry buddy. I have to do this one alone.”
Meow.
“Yes, it's going to be dangerous.”
Meow.
“Danger isn't your middle name.”
Meow.
“Because I didn't think to give you one.”
Meow.
“Pistol? I don't think so.”
Meow.
“No. I don't care if he is a triple threat. How bout Roger?”
Meow.
“Well, Lassie Timberlake Bins sounds stupid too.”
Meow.
“Well, I don't care what Murdock says.”
Meow.
“Fine. Your middle name can be Danger.”
Meow.
The ambulance pulls up in front of the condo.
“All right, Lassie Danger Bins, it's go time.”
Three minutes later, I am in the ambulance and we are flying down the street.
“Hey,” Sara says from the passenger seat.
“Thanks again.”
Her boyfriend, Clay, and his buddy, Jake, who had taken me out on the stretcher both nod. Clay says, “It was a slow night.”
“Did they follow?” I ask.
“Yep,” Sara says with a nod. “They’re probably two lights behind us.”
A minute later, the ambulance pulls up to Summer Park and I jump out.
“Good luck.”
I nod and take off running.
 
…
 
I bang on the window and she jumps.
“Shit, you scared me,” Detective Ray says, as she climbs out of her Crown Vic.
“How long have you been here?”
“I got here right at three, just like you said.” She pauses. “You gonna tell me what this is all about?”
I scan the side street for approaching headlights. “Not yet. Not till he gets here.”
“Who?”
I ignore her.
Ten seconds later, lights turn onto the street and grow brighter as the car pulls into the lot and parks next to us.
The door opens and he says, “Get in.”
Ray's eyebrows jump five inches off her forehead. “Is that the President?”
I nod.
The two of us climb in the back of the town car.
Connor is wearing the same outfit as last time, jeans and a gray sweatshirt.
“This is Detective Ingrid Ray from the Alexandria PD,” I say.
He takes her hand.
“Pleasure to meet you Mr. President.”
“Likewise.” Then turning to me, he asks, “So what is this about?”
I hadn't told him anything. In fact, I'd simply called the private number he'd given me the day we'd first met and left a message telling him to meet me at Summer Park at 3:15 a.m. That it was important.
I hand a piece of paper to him and say, “Tell your driver to go to this address.”
He looks down at the paper, if the address means anything to him, he doesn't show it. He pushes a button and the divider slides down and he passes the paper through to his driver.
“Hey Red,” I say.
He nods.
The divider goes back down and the car begins to move.
I can feel four eyes on me.
“You lied to me.”
The President doesn't flinch.
“There was no video.”
Sullivan's face is marble.
“You never slept with her. She never seduced you.”
I wait for Sullivan to scoff, to tell me that I'm full of shit, to get out of his car.
He doesn't.
“She was your daughter.”
Ray pinches my leg. A 'what the hell are you doing' pinch.
“Yes, she is.”
“What?” Ray shouts. “Jessica is your daughter?”
He nods.
“Wait, what, how . . .” Ray bumbles.
“I'll explain in a second,” I tell her.
“How did you find out?” Sullivan asks.
“Your son.”
He sighs.
“She told him to call her Jessie.”
“Jessie? I thought her name was Jessica?” Ray shouts, trying to piece things together.
“She changed her identity twice,” I tell Ray.  “Her real name is Jessie.” I explain about the pawn receipt and my chat with Ricky Sullivan in Vegas, how I'd found Jessie on the missing person's database on the Internet, and how after searching her name, I'd put the pieces together. Then I turn to the President and say, “He thinks you killed her, you know.”
“Better than the alternative,” he says, leaning his head back. “Better than him knowing he's been fucking his half-sister for the past three months.”
“Wait,” shouts Ray. “Will one of you tell me what is going on?”
I nod towards the President. “Why don't you start at the beginning. And no lies this time.”
“All right, but first tell me where we're going?”
“You don't recognize the address?”
“Just that it was in Maryland. Should I know?”
“Yeah, you married the woman who lives there.”
 
…
 
It was a story that was said to have won Connor Sullivan the presidency. A story that could have been told in any bar in the world. It made you see him as a guy, any guy, who accidentally married the wrong woman.
Kimberly A. Bells was born in Nevada. She went to college at a small school in Ohio, Dayton University, where she met and fell in love with one of the stars of the basketball team. After graduating, Kimberly moved to Virginia with her new love, married him, spawned him one child, and eventually became the First Lady of the United States of America.
Kimberly S. Bells grew up in Virginia, met Paul Kallomatix when she was 22, and had a daughter. The couple would move to Maryland years later, stay happily married for sixteen years, then divorce bitterly. 
Both marriages took place at the same church in northern Virginia. Kimberly A. Bells to Connor Sullivan on the Saturday. Kimberly S. Bells to Paul Kallomatix on the Sunday.
To this day, it still isn't known how it happened, if it was the clerk at the courthouse, the minister, or a third party, but the documents were mixed up and Connor Sullivan ended up married to Kimberly S. Bells, and vice versa.
You would think one little initial wouldn't have been such a troublesome problem and it wasn't, at least, not until it came time to pay taxes. It took Connor Sullivan two weeks to figure out why he owed so much money to the United States government. It was because he wasn't married to a third grade teacher as his wife had been for the past three years, but to a marketing executive who made nearly three times her salary.
He finally realized the small faux pas and after a couple of phone calls, rectified the matter.
“I wanted to meet her, meet the woman I was married to,” the President says with a laugh. “But not just her, I wanted to meet him too.”
I glance at Ray and wonder what is going on in her head. 
“The address on file for her was only a half hour away and one day I found myself in the neighborhood and decided to pop by.” He shakes his head. “The second she opened the door, I knew I was in trouble.”
I'd seen a couple pictures of her on the Internet. When the story had come out during Sullivan's initial run for governor, some journalists had tracked her down and taken some photos. She was of medium height, brown eyes, high cheekbones, full lips.
“Did the affair start that day?”
“No. We just talked for an hour. Laughed over the whole thing. Promised to get our spouses together and have dinner some night.”
“But that never happened?”
He shakes his head. “In fact, I didn't see her for another three years. Then I was up in Maryland for a meeting and I ran into her. She and her husband had moved up there a couple years earlier. We had coffee and well, you could tell she was unhappy. The marriage was on the rocks. She never saw him. He worked constantly. After that, we'd see each other a couple times a month.”
“When did the affair start?”
“In December of that year. Kim, my wife, was out of town for the week. The other Kim called and said she'd be down in Virginia for a couple days visiting her folks. She came over and, well—”
“How long did it last?”
“Six months. I stopped when my wife told me she was pregnant.”
“Was the other Kim okay with it?”
“I guess so. I never heard from her again.”
“Then how did Jessie come into the picture?”
“Well, she'd already changed her name when I met her. If she'd come to work for my campaign and said her name was Jessie Kallomatix, I don't know if I would have let her work for me. So, when I met her, her name was Jessica Renoix. She worked hard for me for three months, then one day she comes into my office, tells me point blank who she is. That her mother had gotten drunk one night and told her about her affair with me. Then she shows me a little baggy and a piece of paper. The baggy has a lock of my hair in it, says that she cut it off my head one night when I was asleep on my desk. The piece of paper is a DNA test. She says that I'm her father and that she wants a hundred thousand dollars.”
“And you gave it to her?”
“I did. And she disappeared the next day. And I didn't hear from her until three months ago.”
“What did she say?”
“It was an email. I have the same private email I had back then. It was a picture of her and my son.”
“That must have gotten your attention.”
“Sure did.”
“And this time she asked for two hundred grand?”
“Yep.”
“To stop dating your son?”
He nods.
“And then you went over there that night to give her the money.”
“But she didn't want it.”
“What?”
“She didn't want the money. She said she really liked my son, that she'd fallen in love with him.”
“And that's when you killed her?”
“NO.”
I didn't think he had, but I wanted to see his reaction.
“Why did she scream?”
“I pushed her up against the wall and slapped her. Told her what she was doing was sick, that if she didn't stop seeing my son I was going to make her disappear. I dropped the bag of money and left.”
The car slowed. I looked out the window. We were in front of a small row house.
It was 3:34 a.m.
Twenty-six minutes.
Twenty-six minutes to get a confession.


~S:xteen~
 
“Does this place look familiar?” I ask the President.
He shakes his head.
I'd doubted Kim Bells lived in the same house she lived in over twenty years ago, but you never know.
We get out. I tell Red to park a couple blocks down the road and he peels away. The four of us walk up the small stone steps. I am in front, then Detective Ray, then the towering Sullivan in the rear.
“You really think she had something to do with Jessie's murder?” asks Sullivan. “That she would kill her own daughter?”
I shrug. “Only one way to find out.”
I ring the doorbell.
Nothing happens for a long minute.
I ring the doorbell again.
Lights come on. The padding of feet. The door opens.
“Uh, yeah?” The twenty or so years have not been kind to Kim Bells. The thirty pounds she's put on since the photo drip from beneath a pink tank top and the skin under her eyes is a heavy black. She is wearing gray sweatpants. She is twice the size of her daughter. It would have been easy for her. Easy to strangle her daughter to death. 
I pull Ray to the side.
Kim's eyes widen. “Connor?”
“Kim,” he says with a nod.
“Can we come in?” I ask, checking the street for activity. 
“I, um, guess so.” She takes a step backward and the four of us walk past.
I find the living room and the others follow.
I introduce myself and she shakes my hand limply. Ray shows her badge and I can see every muscle in Kim's body tense.
“What's this about?” she asks with a hitch in her throat.
“It's about Jessie,” answers Sullivan.
The air in the room drops a thousand degrees.
“Jessie?”
I try to read her emotions. Her labored breathing. The double blink of her eyes. The smack of her lips. Could be guilt. Could be indigestion.
“I haven't seen her in eight years,” she spits.
The three of us look at one another.
Sullivan doesn't buy it. Maybe it's a wrinkle around her mouth, a flicker of the eyes. It's something. A crack in the veneer. She's lying. 
“Bullshit,” he scoffs.
She doesn't respond.
Sullivan sees blood. This is the woman who framed him for murder. He has every right to be furious. He has every right to want to physically harm her, which he looks as though he might do any second. I step between him and Kim.
“How could you do it?” he screams. “How could you kill your own daughter?”
“Kill? Who? Jessie?”
“You murdered Jessie and framed me for it!”
Kim's head whips left, then right. “She's . . . Jessie's dead?”
Sullivan looks at me. Back to Kim. Stares at her. Through her.
“Are you saying that you didn't kill her?”
“NO! I didn't even . . . No . . . I would never . . . I mean she was a terrible person . . . psychotic . . . but I would never hurt her. Never . . . Oh, my God, she's dead . . . how? WHEN?”
I knew that she didn't kill her, but I find it hard to believe she didn’t know her daughter was dead.
“You really didn't know she was dead?” I ask.
“No.”
“Really?” asks Ray, her first words in over twenty minutes. “Did you know about the President's arrest?”
“Uh, yeah, I guess I heard about that.” She looks at Sullivan. “But I didn't want to believe it. I started reading an article about it in the paper a few days ago, but I had to stop.”
I could see it in her eyes, still to this day. I'm not sure how Sullivan had felt about her, but she had loved him.
“But you'd seen her since she was sixteen.” I say. It isn't a question.
“Yeah, once,” she admits reluctantly. “She came by about two years ago asking for money. No 'Hi', no 'Sorry I ran away without telling you three years ago', just 'Got any money?'”
“Did you give her any?”
She shakes her head. “That girl ruined my life. Started doing meth when she was twelve, having sex by thirteen. Cost me my marriage and hundreds of thousands of dollars in rehab. They foreclosed on my house. I lost everything. I didn't give that lying slut a dime. Best thing that ever happened to me was her leaving that day.”
“Why didn't you call and get her removed from the Missing Persons database?”
She shrugs. “Never thought to, I guess.”
“You could have told me,” interjects Sullivan.
“Told you what?”
“That Jessie was mine.”
“Yours?”
“My daughter.”
“Jessie's not your daughter.”
“According to the DNA test she showed me, I am.”
Kim scoffs. “Jessie was a pathological liar. Pathological. She started making her own fake report cards on the computer when she was seven. They were perfect. Her teacher couldn't even tell the difference. She forged a sixty thousand dollar check when she was eleven. She made fake IDs for everybody at the high school when she was fourteen.”
That would account for all her fake identities. I'm sure she'd had help along the way, but if she had one foot in the world, it would have been far more accessible.
“But I called the company who did the test.  They wouldn't give me much information, but I wiggled it out of one of the receptionists that Jessie Kallomatix was in their files.”
“That was probably from when I had her tested when she was young, to make sure Paul was her father and not you.”
“And he was?”
“Yep.”
“Shit.”
Sullivan had a right to be pissed. He's paid out over three hundred thousand dollars based on Jessie being his daughter. But he didn't look pissed, in fact, he was smiling.
I could tell he was thinking about Ricky. Glad his son hadn't been sleeping with his half-sister. That must have been giving the President nightmares.
“That's why she sent you the picture of your son the second time,” I say to the President. “Because if she would have blackmailed you for being your daughter, you would have checked more thoroughly this time. You would have had Red or one of your other guys get to the bottom of it. So she started hooking up with your son. She knew you would keep that to yourself.”
Sullivan nods.
“Hooking up with your son?” asks Kim.
Sullivan spends the next ten minutes explaining everything. From how he'd first met Jessie, to her blackmail, to the picture she sent of her and his son, to him going over to her house and dropping off the money, to her being found strangled to death.
I look down at my cell phone.
It's 3:50.
Ten minutes.
Sullivan gazes at me. “So, then, another dead end.”
Lights turn onto the street.
Get brighter. Brighter. Brighter. Then disappear.
All six eyes are trained on me.
I put my finger up to my lips.
Ten seconds later, there is a knock.
“Bins,” comes a voice. “Bins, it's me, I'm here.”
I pull the door open.


~Seventeen~
 
Paul Kallomatix is wearing the same suit he’d been wearing when I’d first met him. His forehead is heavily creased over furrowed brows. His goatee is perfectly groomed around his gaping mouth.
“Hey Paul,” I say.
“What the fuck is going on here Bins?” he says, ignoring my jest. He sweeps his eyes over his ex-wife, his partner, and the President of the United States. “Kim? Ray? What the fuck is this?”
“You tell me Cal. Why don't you tell me about Jessie?” spits Ray.
When the President had been telling his story about the marriage mix-up, he'd said the name Paul Kallomatix and Ray had gone silent. I could almost see her trying to put the pieces together in her head. Cal? A murderer? 
Cal looks over his shoulder. Thinks about running. Thinks better. His goatee smirks and he takes two steps in and closes the door.
“Are the guys you had following me still at the hospital?” I ask.
“I don't know what you're talking about.”
“Sure you do. The off-duty cops that you had watching me the last week. Watching to see if I was going to take a drive up to Maryland to see your ex-wife.” Luckily, she lived in a different house. One, he obviously didn't know about if he'd driven up here to meet me in this one.
“Again. No fuckin’ clue what you're talking about.”
“You're late by the way.” I'd texted him this address right before I'd knocked on Ray's window. Told him to meet me here at 3:45. And to be alone.
“Why'd you do it Cal?” asks Ray.
“Do what?”
“Why'd you kill her?”
“You? They got to you?” he scoffs. “Come on Ray? I didn't even know it was Jessie until they showed that picture of her with him,” he nods towards Sullivan. “And what difference would it have made. He killed her.”
He glares at the President.
“If you aren't gonna tell them how it went down, I will,” I say.
“I didn't do anything to that girl.”
Not his little girl. That girl.
I look down at my phone.
3:54 a.m.
Six minutes.
“What happened when Jessie accused you of raping her?”
There had been an article about it on the Internet. It was one of the things that came up when I searched 'Jessie Kallomatix.' When she was twelve she accused her father, a Maryland cop, of raping her. The case was later thrown out, but it made big news.
“What other lies did she make up about you?”
His face is turning red.
“How much of your hard earned money did you spend sending her to rehab and therapy?”
I can hear his teeth grinding together.
“I'm sorry.”
He looks at the President.
“I'm sorry,” Sullivan repeats.
Cal snorts. Snorts again.
“It all started with you,” he screams. “You sticking your little dick where it didn't belong.”
He scans the room. Locks eyes with each of us. I can feel it. Feel the dam breaking.
“THAT LITTLE CUNT RUINED MY LIFE!”
Spittle shoots from Cal’s lips.
“If I could strangle her again, I would.”
The four of us don't dare move. Don't dare derail the train.
He shakes his head back and forth as he walks in a tight circle.
“Do you know that when she was fourteen she told me that if I didn't buy her a Range Rover when she turned sixteen that she was going to tell everyone that I got her pregnant and forced her to have an abortion? That little bitch got me kicked off the force. No one in Maryland or D.C. would touch me, even after the Judge ruled that I never touched my daughter. My wife,” he points at Kim, “thought I was a sick bastard who raped our little girl and divorced me.  Then I had to file for bankruptcy because I spent my life savings putting my psycho fucking daughter through rehab three times.
“Then two months ago, I get called to a strip club, one of the strippers is going bat-shit on a customer, and low and behold it's my own flesh and blood. She's coked out of her mind and I take her home and she tells me a funny story about who her real dad is. Turns out, this crazy fucking girl who ruined my life isn't even mine. Says that she has his hair in the freezer if I want proof. She passes out and I start looking through her place. Her email is open on her computer and I see a message to the President. She's blackmailing him. He's supposed to drop off two hundred grand in two days.
“I didn't plan on killing her, I was just going to take the money. I deserved it, damn right I did, after all the shit she put me through. But when I broke in and saw her holding the President's fucking cell phone, I decided it was too good of an opportunity to pass up. I dragged her to the garage, wrapped my hands around her larynx, the same one that told a judge that I'd raped her and squeezed the life out of her. Left the President's cell phone under the car, sprinkled some of his hair on the bed, and grabbed everything of Jessie’s I could find, then tossed the cellphone and wallet in the dumpster two blocks away.”
“You're the one,” Ray says, shaking her head at Cal. “You're the one that gave the FBI the anonymous tip.”
“Well, our captain turned out to be too big of a pussy.”
“But you said yourself, Cal, that you didn't think it was Sullivan.”
“Well, no shit Ingrid, what the fuck was I gonna say, I know that's his fucking hair because I put it there.”
“She's yours,” Kim says.
Cal looks at his ex-wife, who continues talking.
“Jessie was lying. She was always lying. Connor wasn't her dad. You were. I had her tested when she was a baby.”
The color drains from his face.
He staggers.
I lean over to brace him.
“No . . . no. . .NO!” he yells. 
He is behind me before I can react. I can feel the gun sticking to my ribs. 
“Move over there,” he shouts, directing the others to the front of the living room, their backs to the window. 
“Settle down,” says Ray. Her fingers inch towards her gun.
“Don't even think about it,” Cal shouts into my ear.
She drops her hand.
“You don't have to do this,” I find myself saying.
It is 3:58 a.m. 
In two minutes I am going to fall over and he's going to think I'm trying to get away and he's going to shoot me.
“You,” he screams in my ear. “If you would have just minded your own fucking business, then everything would have gone just fine.”
“My bad,” I say, though I don’t think he hears. He is too busy thinking. Formulating an escape plan. He breathes heavily in my ear for twenty seconds. Thirty.
It is 3:59 a.m.
I have to do something.
Now.
I lift up my hand.
I do the peace sign.
At least that's what I'm hoping Cal thinks it is.
“Don't fucking move.”
I flash the peace sign again.
Two.
I drop a finger.
Ray glares at me curiously.
One.
I drop the second finger.
Now.
I whip my head to the side.
The sound of bursting glass fills the room.
When I look down, I see Cal on the floor, a bullet hole just over the bridge of his nose.
The last thing I remember is Red crashing through the door, the sniper rifle held at his side.
 
…
 
POLICE OFFICER FRAMED PRESIDENT!
PRESIDENT INNOCENT!
SULLIVAN DIDN'T DO IT!
INNOCENT-GATE!
Those are the headlines.
The FBI interviewed each of us — mine was done over the phone — but the main evidence was the tape of Cal's admission that Red had been recording through the microphone in the President's sweatshirt. Lucky for us, he'd been listening and knew that Cal had taken me hostage. I'd noticed a glimmer off Red's scope through the window, something Cal had evidently missed.
I'd woken up the next night in my bed and had later found out that the President himself had carried me up the three flights, though I'm sure Red helped. There had been a card next to me. An orange Monopoly card. A Get Out of Jail Free Card. I think it was the President's way of saying that he owed me one.
That had been four days ago.
Lassie and I were still trying to decide what we should use the card for.
“What do you think buddy, should we cash this baby in for a ride on Air Force One?”
Meow.
“The Taj Mahal? Is that even a thing?”
Meow.
“What it is with you and Justin Timberlake?”
Meow.
“A bag of mice? Now that's a little too practical.”
Meow.
“That's what I'm talking about. Jet packs.”
Meow.
“I think Jessica Alba's husband might have something to say about that.”
Meow.
“Pretty sure you can only do that in Mexico.”
Meow.
“I'm gonna act like you didn't say that?”
Meow.
“Thanks, now I'm thinking about midgets.”
Meow.
“He's the President, not the Wizard of Oz.”
Meow.
“Twenty Murdock clones? Seriously?”
I'm pretty sure this would have gone on forever, or at least for the forty-seven more minutes left in my day, had a stunning, and very naked woman not walked in with two bowls of cereal.
“Breakfast in bed.”
Ingrid plops down next to me.
She feeds me a big spoonful of Cinnamon Toast Crunch and says, “I think the Justin Timberlake thing sounds pretty good.”
“I bet,” I say, sending us both into a fit of laughter.
At 3:55, she looks up at me, panting and says, “You got time for one more.”
“I guess we'll see,” I say, grinning.



 
~Author’s note~
 
Thanks for reading.  Seriously.  Thank you.
This little story was so much fun to write.  
Please, please, write a review on Amazon if you enjoyed the book. 
God is love.
Nick. 

P.S. If you like Henry, you’ll love Thomas! I’ve attached a teaser for Gray Matter. Hope you like it.  

P.P.S.S. Don’t fret, there is more Henry on the way. 3:10 a.m is coming in July!


 
GRAY MATTER

nickthriller.com


Chapter 1


The phone rang. It rang again. It rang a third time. The answering machine kicked in halfway into the fourth ring.
Click. 
“Hello, caller.  I’m going to be gone for the next couple weeks. I’ve set out to find the guy who coined the phrase ‘It is better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all’ and blow his brains all over the sidewalk. You can leave a message if you want, but odds are I’m either in jail or dead. Happy holidays. Live long and prosper. Jesus loves you. The pen is mightier than the sword. Vote yes on 3B. Always compare to the placebo. Seat belts save lives.  Freedom.”
Beep.
A voice gave an exasperated sigh, then started. “Nice message, Thomas. Very eloquent. I would tell you that you’re an idiot but you already know that. I know you’re home. In fact, I know you’re lying on the couch with your blue comforter. There’s probably a jar of peanut butter, the jelly, a loaf of two-week-old bread, and about ten juice boxes sitting on the coffee table.”
I lolled my head to the left and peeked at the glass coffee table. Skippy Extra Creamy. Welch’s raspberry preserves. Sara Lee Golden Honey Wheat. And six boxes of Tree Top apple juice.
I guess Lacy knew me pretty well.
“Do me a favor and get off your pathetic ass and pick up the phone.” She was silent for a second then started back in. “Fine. If you want to self-destruct, isolate yourself from the world, then that’s your problem. Have fun.”
I will. Thank you. 
“Just remember there are those of us who still love you. Even when you’re acting like a huge baby.”
Ouch.
“Well, I just wanted to call and wish you a happy Thanksgiving. Sorry I couldn’t be there for you. I hope you find your way to some pumpkin pie.”
A Pumpkin Spice latte from Starbucks would suffice. I hoped they delivered.
“I know I’ve said it a hundred times already, Thomas, but she doesn’t deserve you. You’re too good for her. It’s been almost six weeks. It’s time to get on with your life.”
Wrong. I didn’t deserve her. She was too good for me. It’d only been 41 days. And it was time to wallow.
“Bye. I love you.”
I hit my head backwards on the pillow three times, then threw off the comforter. I snagged the remote from under the couch and blindly turned on the television. The parade filled the screen and I mentally gagged. This had the potential to be the most depressing day in the history of time. 
On screen, a giant Snoopy floated by. Followed by a giant Charlie Brown. I waited for Woodstock, but he never came. An overly joyous woman commented on the procession, each affected syllable steaming the cold New York air as it left her mouth. 
I pulled on my bear paw slippers and padded to the window. 
If it was cold in New York then it was freezing in Maine. The sky was a dark gray and the earth looked frozen, the dew brittle, tundra-like, the land preparing itself for the long onslaught of winter. The first big snowstorm of the year was expected to start in the late afternoon, early evening. Then everything would be white for the next five months. At least until late April. Old Man Winter wasn’t very friendly in the Northeast. In fact, he was one mean old sumbitch.
I made my way to the sliding glass door and peered out on the bay. By bay, I refer to the Penobscot. The last body of water before the Pond, silent e’s, and bad teeth. 
Anyhow, it was early, around eight, but even so there were a couple brave souls in their sailboats getting one last ride in before the snow began to fall. The water was three shades darker than the sky and lapped idly against the rocky shore. Just off center was the Surry Woods Lighthouse. The old, tattered lighthouse’s light was still visible, a reflective coin on the drab horizon. 
Sort of made you want to catch the red-eye to the Bahamas.  
On that note, I went into the kitchen, cranked the heat to Bahamian, and opened the freezer. There were five boxes of waffles; Regular, Buttermilk, Cinnamon Toast, Blueberry, and Strawberry. I know, I have a problem. Hi, my name is Thomas and I’m addicted to waffles. Hey, leggo my Eggo. 
As my waffles toasted, I started a cup of water heating in the microwave. I opened the front door and scampered the ten steps to the paper. It was already half drizzling, half snowing, and I had a feeling the storm was six hours ahead of schedule. 
I sat down to the waffles and a cup of steaming apple cider and read the paper. You can tell a lot about a person by the way they read the paper. I was a comics, sports, weather, front page, Dow Jones, Jumble, kind of guy. Alex had been a front-to-back kind of gal. Maybe that’s why it hadn’t worked out. 
I retired back to the couch and turned on football. Detroit and Minnesota. One of them was winning. I was looking forward to John Madden’s Turkey Leg awards, but it turns out he wasn’t doing the game this year. Shucks. 
I picked up a different remote and hit the stereo. Some stupid Shania Twain song was playing (You know the one, The One I Want for Life) and I couldn’t move. I couldn’t even think. I almost—I stress almost—started crying. And I’m fairly certain if there had been a gun in the house I would have shot myself through the heart. I turned the stereo off. 
So there I was about an hour into my thirty-third Thanksgiving and it had already proved to be the worst yet. Well, the first one after my parents’ death was awful, but this one was giving it a run for its money. 
I packed a bag, turned the heat off, hit all the lights, and recorded a new phone message. When I pulled the front door open, I was hit by a wall of cold. It was officially snowing now and everything that wasn’t made of concrete was white. I took two steps, then froze. I pressed my ear to the door. The phone rang three more times before the answering machine picked up.   
“If this is Lacy, I’ll call you in a couple days. If this isn’t Lacy, stick the phone in your mouth and swallow it.”      
“Hi Thomas. It’s me. Listen—”
It was Alex. 
I panicked. I couldn’t find my keys. Then I couldn’t find the right key. By the time I got the door open, Alex was long gone.     
I made my way to the answering machine and peered down at the blinking red light. Time for a real gut check. I took a deep breath, picked up the machine, and threw it against the wall. I’d clean it up when I got back. If I ever got back.  
Two hours later, I was at 37,000 feet. 
Headed for Seattle. 
Chapter 2


The cross-country journey from Bangor International to Chicago O’Hare and on to SeaTac took about seven and change. But, I gained three hours during the flight, so when I landed the local time was just after three in the afternoon.  
The weather was typical Seattle November: overcast, gloomy, with a light drizzle. No blizzard in these parts. Old Man Winter in the Northwest had Alzheimer’s. He got lost a lot. Mostly in Canada.
I hailed a taxi for the eighteen-mile trip north to Magnolia. A bit of Magnolia lore here: in 1856 Captain George Davidson of the US Coast Survey named the southern bluff overlooking the Puget Sound for the magnolia trees growing along it. Had he been a better botanist, he would have clearly recognized the red-barked trees as madrona. The madrona is a shiny, dark green-leafed evergreen species that thrives on west-facing bluffs. The trees, which can reach heights of ninety feet, usually have a twisted, windblown shape. Anyhow, the surrounding community preferred the name Magnolia to Madrona and decided to keep Magnolia to identify the affluent, well-ordered, waterfront properties. 
My parents’ house—I still had a problem calling it my house—was built on the westernmost bluff overlooking Puget Sound. It was too steep to build anywhere near the house, so there wasn’t anything within a quarter mile in either direction. The main concern was landslides. The wet soil building up over time; the vegetation slowly losing its tenacity in the soft earth. It was a miracle the house hadn’t slipped into the Sound years ago. As many of its brethren had. 
The house was built in 1964. It was a monolith then. A work of art. But then, so once was the Coliseum. When my parents bought it, they began a slow overhaul, gutting it from the inside. There had been plans for a total facelift, a new kitchen, hardwood floors, upgraded plumbing. But my parents never got around to it. Then it was too late.  
The cabbie pulled up alongside the expansive wrought iron fence surrounding the large estate. He wished me a happy Thanksgiving and I tipped him an extra twenty. When I’d said I’d packed a bag, I failed to mention I’d packed only a small carry-on of the essentials: contact solution, shampoo, conditioner, mouthwash, and a couple other things, all of which had been red flagged at airport security because some science wizard had decided three ounces was the magic number. Apparently three ounces of acid, anthrax, or whatever these zealots make in their caves wasn’t going to harm anyone, but four ounces— 
So basically I had the clothes on my back—my favorite pair of jeans and a black T-shirt over a long-sleeve thermal—a rarely used cell phone, and my wallet.
I pushed through the rusted gate and ambled up the long drive. The once neatly manicured yard was overgrown with weeds and other debris. Dark vegetation sprung from every crack and fissure of the dilapidated drive. As for the house, the wet Pacific climate and harsh ocean air hadn’t been kind in my absence. The five thousand-square-foot Victorian was a combination of rust and sodium-lime deposits. Brown meets green. Almost as if some pesky kids had unloaded on the house with a barrage of aged avocados. Thick foliage had attacked the house from every angle, crawling up, around, and through the gray brick. 
Vines spider-webbed across the front door like organic crime scene tape. I cut these away with my keys. The door had warped to the frame, so I had to literally kick it in. It gave on the second try and a wave of musty air washed over me. 
I took a step inside the foyer and stopped. I hadn’t touched anything in the wake of my parents’ death. I’d just left. Fled. Denial isn’t just a river in Egypt where people wash their clothes, get sick from drinking the water, get bit by snakes, get eaten by hippos, contract malaria, west Nile, or worse. 
There was a small table to my immediate left. A pink vase was at its center, the remnants of a paper-thin stem silently listing over the porcelain edge. I ran my finger over the table, the years of dust coloring my finger a thick black. 
I left the front door open and entered a small hallway. I took two steps, my shoes sinking into the inch-long shag. Lowering down to my haunches, I dug my fingers into the long green tendrils. The carpet was reminiscent of the second cut at Augusta and when I was young, my father and I would take turns setting up golf holes throughout the house. Grab our nine irons, a putter, and a couple of those white plastic golf balls and proceed to drive my mom about insane. I stood up, the popping of my knees masking my deep exhale. 
 Walking forward, I traced my fingers against the eggshell brown walls, which had been an eggshell white last I remembered. I came to a set of two doors, one leading to the basement, the other to a bathroom. I poked my head into the bathroom and flipped the light. The two seventy-watt bulbs were clouded with dust and barely illuminated the small room. Evidently, someone—or some financial entity—was keeping up on the bills. The floral wallpaper had begun to peel in many places, its glue well into its late thirties. I heard a soft noise and peered down at the small sink. Water slowly beaded around the head of the faucet before giving way to a single tear. 
I shook my head. Those tears could have filled a swimming pool over the course of eight years. 
I turned the faucet on. After five seconds, a loud rattle shook the foundation of the large house. The pipes screamed and the house shuddered. I held onto the door frame. 
It would be slightly ironic if I’d left for eight years, come back for less than an hour, and the house slid into Puget Sound. Or would that just be a terrible coincidence? Or just unfortunate? 
The rattling slowly began to subside and after what seemed like a full minute, water spurted from the faucet. It was brown. I turned the water off. 
I spent the next half hour reacquainting myself with the old house. Pick your cliché. I took a ride down memory lane. Home is where you hang your hat. Absence makes the heart grow fonder. You can’t put toothpaste back in the tube. Even a blind squirrel finds an acorn every once in a while. Too many chiefs and not enough Indians. 
Okay, so maybe those last few weren’t exactly relevant, but you get my drift. 
I made my way into the kitchen. There were a couple cardboard boxes strewn about the linoleum. A roll of packaging tape and a black Sharpie rested on the island centering the small kitchen. Just above the stove was a round clock. I’d bought it for my parents for Christmas three years before they’d died. It was from Brookstone. Kinetic. The hour hand was halfway between the four and the five. Let’s see here, plane landed at just after three, half hour drive, hour or so poking around. Yep, I’d say that was the best thirty bucks I ever spent. 
I pulled open the refrigerator, picked up the milk, and read the expiration date: 13APR02. It was green and it said, “Where ya been, Thomas?” 
I’m lying, of course. The fridge was empty. 
I rummaged through the cabinets. There was a lot of canned stuff, lots of nonperishables, and lots of other things you see in those Thanksgiving donation barrels. I picked up a can of beets and pondered the irony of the situation. 
Anyhow, I pulled my cell phone from my pocket and turned it on. There were only a handful of people—and by handful I mean less than five—who had my cell phone number. I believe the last call I’d made was to my dean at the university telling him I wouldn’t be returning to work the following semester. That call had been sometime in early June. In the months since, I’d had all of five missed calls and three voice mails. I scrolled through the five calls. They were all from Alex. Two calls were in October, two in early November, and the last, just hours earlier. Being that I was once a detective—albeit a second-rate one—I deduced the messages were also from Alex. 
Still got it. 
As for Alex, I wasn’t sure if I wanted to hear what she had to say. As much as I loved her—and I still did—I could never take a girl back who’d dumped me. It’s a pride thing. But maybe that isn’t why she’d called. Maybe she wanted her Fried Green Tomatoes DVD back.
I picked up the black marker off the center island and wrote on my palm, “She dumped you for a fucking stockbroker.” Underneath this I scribbled, “toothpaste” and “contact solution.”
I located one of the old phone books and after a couple unsuccessful attempts, found a pizza joint still in service. I inquired if I was the only person to order a pizza on Thanksgiving. The guy informed me that there were a couple others. 
At five the pizza came.   
I grabbed a slice and headed out to the narrow balcony off the kitchen.The sky was a deep gray, from which a light drizzle steadily dripped. The sun was preparing for its descent in my right viewfinder, undressing layers of pinks and oranges behind the clouds’ satin curtain. A distant island was thinly traced into the horizon on the far left and I remember my father telling me it was Japan. I’m still not sure if it was or wasn’t. Straight down was a thicket of tall, windswept madronas, then black rock, then rippling Sound. It was all very melancholy if you ask me.   
I rested my elbows on the railing, ate pizza, and watched the sun lower its landing gear. There was a port a half mile south and I watched as a colossal freighter made its lackluster final stretch. It rode high on the black water, inching across the gray horizon. The ship had traveled thousands of miles and here I was witnessing its last steps. Such is life. I spent the next couple minutes thinking deep philosophical thoughts brought on by a stupid boat. The SS Aristotle. I thought about where the SS Prescott was in its voyage. And what freight it would carry. How it got here and where it was going. I thought about Alex. Was she cargo? Or was she one of these rogue waves I kept hearing about?
A vibration in my pocket startled me out of my rumination. Staring at the screen, I fought the urge to flip the phone open. It pulsed four times then relaxed, then pulsed again two minutes later, notifying me I had a new message. Must be some message. But then again, Alex loved Kathy Bates. 
I stared at the phone for a solid minute, then reared back and hucked it at the setting sun. For a brief moment I thought it would reach the rippling black water. But it lost velocity, splattering against the rocky shore, its ashes quickly swept away by the incoming tide. 
Bye, Alex.   
I rubbed my right shoulder and peered over the edge of the balcony, then I leaned down and squinted hard. Something was floating in the water. It would hit the black rocks then be sucked back into the channel with each ebb and flow. The white water receded into the black rocks, and I was granted a quick glimpse of arms and long black hair.  
It was a woman. 
Chapter 3


I should mention that in another life I’d been a homicide detective. So I’d seen my fair share of dead bodies. In fact, I’d seen most people’s fair share of dead bodies. For the last four years of my career I’d been a Special Contract Agent to the FBI’s Violent Crime Unit. In a nutshell, I outsourced my skills, instincts, cleverness, and good looks to the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Half the time I was working hand in hand with the FBI—Fruitdicks, Backstabbers, and Impersonators—the other half I was getting yelled at by them.
Then I went and got killed. But as you can see, I’m not dead—thanks to some stubborn doctors, a couple of electricity-charged paddles, and eight pints of somebody else’s blood. 
I bought a quiet house in Maine—wheelchair accessible, of course—and opted for early retirement. I kept myself peripherally related to the world of law enforcement by teaching an intro-level criminology class at the local university. But I’d lost my passion for this as well. I’d lived my life by the age-old axiom, “Those who can do. Those who can’t teach.” But all I wanted to do was sit on my couch. Without the job, I wasn’t really sure who I was. I was defined by the job. I think this may have contributed to Alex leaving me for a day trader, but then again, I might just be Monday morning relationshipping.
 But now, here I was, and the last thing I wanted to see was exactly what was staring me in the face this very second. A dead woman washed up on a piece of remote coastline that just happened to make up my backyard.
For Pete’s sake.
There were two routes to the water. Route A was a straight shot down four hundred vertical feet. If you did it right, you could get to the water in about five minutes, but one missed step and you were shark bait. Route B had you walking a half mile south to a scenic overlook. One of those places where they have binocular posts bolted to the ground. Most afternoons a decent crowd of tourists could be seen patiently awaiting their turn to drop fifty cents into one of the binoculars for their chance to catch a glimpse of a whale tail or a bald eagle through the foggy lenses. Enough people had made the trek from the viewing platform to the rocks below that a trail had formed, which would eventually lead to the crescent shaped cove directly beneath my house. 
I decided on route A. I braced myself against two trees and started down. If I could go back and do it all over again, I would have done a few things differently. One, I wouldn’t have turned off that football game. Two, I’d have thrown a sinker instead of a fastball. And three, I would have taken route B. 
As I continued down the treacherous path to the water, I contemplated a couple possible scenarios. People died on the water frequently. In the two years I lived in Maine, there were nine separate occurrences when someone died in the water. Or at the hands of it. Things were a bit different here on the Sound, where there weren’t quite as many recreational boaters. The main concern here being fishing boats and ferries, with your occasional scuba diver. Now the Sound isn’t exactly the Bering Sea, but it is connected to the Bering Sea, and the water temperature was still in the mid-forties. This means if you did happen to fall off a boat—or get pushed for that matter—you had about seven minutes to get your ass out of the water. So, logic told us the woman died by accident or in some other benign fashion. But, logic is overrated. 
Granted, I’d only seen the body for a split second and I was gazing down from four hundred vertical feet above and the sun was setting in my eyes and my contact prescription was three years old and I’d once mistaken a three hundred pound elk for a mailbox, but my instincts told me this was no accident. 
This conjecture was based solely on the fact the woman appeared to be naked. In the summer months on the Penobscot it was swim trunks, a polo, and docksiders for the men. Women were a bit more loosely clad; a skirt and a blouse with the optional bikini underneath. Maybe even a thin sweater or jacket. But this was the Puget Sound in November. If it wasn’t raining, then it was cold, the average high for the month around fifty. Typically, the attire for both men and women was a windbreaker, jeans, boots, gloves, with optional thermal underwear. 
But then again, maybe this woman was a light dresser. Maybe she was menopausal and she’d just had a hot flash. Maybe she’d ripped her clothes off as she thrashed about in the cold water. Or maybe she’d been going at it with él Capîtan and slipped and fell off the edge. Who knows?
Anyhow, the trees gave way to the black rock and I slowly began lowering myself down the steep bluff. It was far from a sheer drop-off, the grade about the same as the steps in a football stadium. Except instead of steps there was jagged quartzite and instead of falling into the arms of a drunken fan, you fell into the teeth of an angry shark. 
As I mentioned before, the area directly behind my house was shaped like a crescent. It was a stretch of rock separated by two bluffs which my mother had referred to as Prescott Cove. I should also point out that whereas along other parts of the shore the water lapped nonchalantly against the banks, the water in Prescott Cove was white and angry. Which, if you’d known my father, might have been another reason it got its name. 
I stopped to get my bearings at a relatively flat section of rock twenty vertical feet above the crashing surf. It was high tide and the small powerful waves came in six-second intervals. The waves would sweep in high on the face of the opposing bluffs a milky white, two separate forces destined for a head-on collision, and then they would become one, sending a violent surge of white water high into the air. Droplets of spray found me, as well as the stark revelation that my present undertaking was a bad, bad, bad idea.   
The sun was sucking in its final breaths before plunging its head beneath the cold water, and I figured I had less than two minutes before I was engulfed in darkness. 
After two more explosions of water on rock, I still hadn’t seen any sign of the woman. There was a strong possibility her body had been carried by the undertow and sucked from the cove, whereby it would become someone else’s problem. 
And good riddance, as they say.  
I decided to give it one more wave before hightailing it up the rock while I could still find my hand in front of me. Then I saw her, her body twisting and rolling in the white water just off the rock bank. I nearly made a dash for it. I caught myself, and seconds later the cove erupted. The blast would have sent me reeling into the icy water. 
At this point it dawned on me it was going to be impossible to extract the woman from the freezing water without getting soaked myself. I removed my wallet and wedged it between two rocks. 
Got to keep those Benjamins dry.  
The water calmed, but the woman had disappeared. A moment later, her body popped up, rolling against the rocks. This was my first good look at the body. Or what was left of it.
Her right arm was missing at the shoulder. Both legs had been stripped down to the bone. Huge chunks of flesh had been ripped from her torso. The remaining flesh was a chalky purple and the exposed bone stained a deep red. It was evident the body had been attacked by something. Mauled. I’d said sharks earlier, but a more likely scenario was killer whales. They were abundant in these waters and although it was rare, they did attack humans. But the odds were this woman was dead hours, or even days, before the feast. 
I jumped down the last couple feet and huddled behind a large boulder. The blast came, showering me in salt water. I wiped my eyes and waited for the woman to resurface. She popped up and I took the four strides to the edge of the churning Sound. I could hear the next wave making its approach, but I was at the point of no return. I lowered myself onto the rock and wrenched my arm under the woman’s remaining arm.  
The body rose with the incoming wave and I pulled the woman up and out of the water. The blast came, spraying the two of us in a couple thousand gallons of sea water. Freezing would be an understatement. It was a biting cold, one that clawed at your very insides. 
I coughed a couple dozens times before pushing myself off the rock. I then dragged what was left of the woman to a haven behind a large boulder.
My chest was heaving as I turned and looked out on the dark water. The sun was gone, a faint reddish glow all that remained.  
I turned my attention to the body. The woman was even worse off than at first glance. Maybe a third of her body remained, reduced to mere bones and torn flesh. Half her torso was eaten down to the ribs, and her entrails spilled out through her lower abdomen. Her head and neck had for the most part been spared. I brushed the woman’s dark hair from her face. 
If I had my doubts this woman was killed by Shamu and friends, now I was positive she wasn’t. I’d only heard of a handful of killer whale attacks, and I’d never heard of a killer whale carrying a gun. 
There, just above the woman’s left eye, was the distinct fingerprint of a bullet. A small black hole.  
Chapter 4


I considered draping the corpse over my shoulder, but the thought was fleeting. The chances of going up the way I’d come down were slim, so I reluctantly started down the path of route B. I found the trail and slowly began picking my way through the rocks. 
As if the traverse weren’t hard enough in the pitch dark, ten minutes into my hike, it started raining. Which quickly turned to hail. Awesome. Twenty minutes and 2,548 little hail daggers later, I pulled myself under the railing to the viewing platform. This particular scenic overlook was fairly popular, and there was a small covered veranda illuminated by a handful of dimly lit bulbs. Informative posters clinging to the walls displayed what exactly people were paying fifty cents to look at. Another wall housed dozens of pamphlets promoting different ferries, tours, whale watching excursions, and various other ways for tourists to waste their money. Attached to the veranda was a public restroom as well as a pay phone. 
I picked up the phone and dialed 911. 
I was asked if it was an emergency and I decided it wasn’t, seeing as how the lady had probably already been digested by whatever had eaten her, and I was put on hold. I perused a pamphlet on the San Juan Islands as I waited. Apparently, it had never been a better time to visit the San Juans. I flipped over the pamphlet and read the copyright: 1992. 
The woman came back on the line and after a short conversation told me, and I quote, “Being that it’s Thanksgiving and all, it will be about an hour before we can get anybody out there.” I told her I didn’t think the dead lady with the bullet hole in her forehead cared what day it was and hung up.   
I trekked the half mile back to my place. 
I pulled off my soaked garments, tossed them on the floor, and made my way upstairs into the bathroom Lacy and I had shared as children. My sister had a thing for flamingos, and they were everywhere. Toothbrush holder, shower curtain, Kleenex box. You name it and it had a flamingo on it. There was a flamingo pink rug as well as a matching flamingo pink toilet seat cover. Two towels hung from a towel rod and each was adorned with—you guessed it—a giant fucking flamingo.  
I had just wrapped a towel around my waist and was heading for my dad’s closet for some duds when I heard a knock at the door. It’d only been twenty minutes since I’d spoken with one of Seattle’s finest, but I wasn’t expecting anybody else, so I was led to believe someone of the law enforcement variety was standing on my doorstep. I waddled down the stairs. 
I’m not sure who I’d been expecting on the other side of the door, but I can assure you it wasn’t this. This being a woman clad in a red turtleneck sweater—the tight fitting kind, mind you—black pleated pants and a standard issue .45 holstered on her right hip. From my experience, oil and vinegar mix better than women and guns. Just saying. 
I noticed the car on the far side of the street. It was an unmarked car, tan, probably a Chevy. So she either worked for the IRS or she was a homicide detective. 
The woman raised a badge to eye level and said, “Detective Erica Frost. Seattle Police Department.”
So I wasn’t getting audited after all. 
I asked, “Did you guys get new uniforms or something?” If they had, bras were apparently optional. I mean, she looked like she was smuggling honeydews. Not that I was complaining. 
She glanced down at her sweater. “I was at a Thanksgiving get together.” Raising her eyes to check out my damp, towel-clad form, she added, “You obviously were not.”
“I ordered pizza.”
She stared at me.
“I went with the Hawaiian.”  
No response.
“That’s pineapple and Canadian bacon to the laymen.”
Again. Just stared.
“Dominos.”
A little nod.
“The kid on the phone talked me into getting the cinnamon breadsticks.”
“Sorry I missed it.” 
“Me too.” 
I should mention Detective Erica Frost was attractive in that tongue hit your boot sort of way. Of course, if she’d been ugly I would have been slightly less annoying. Slightly. She had wavy brown hair, light brown, almost hazel eyes, and looked like a poster girl for pilates. I should also mention I was mesmerized by her sweater. It was my hero.
She was eyeing my towel again and said, “Nice flamingo.”
I looked myself up and down. “Frank.”
She looked confused.
“Frank the flamingo.”
Eye roll. 
“You came alone?” 
She nodded. 
“Where’s your partner?”
“I didn’t see any reason to call him.”
“What if I was a bad guy?” 
Erica Frost probably felt like I was patronizing her, but I wasn’t. At least not completely. A few years back, I’d come across a serial killer who would report a crime, then ambush the first officer to arrive. He killed four officers and two detectives before we caught him.
I couldn’t help but notice Erica’s hand was now resting on the butt of her pistol. I think she was toying with the notion of shooting me. She wouldn’t be the first. Nor the last. She asked, “Well, are you a bad guy?”
“No. But people say I can be an asshole.”
“Imagine that.” Apparently, she’d already come to this conclusion on her own, but she stepped into the foyer nonetheless. “Are you going to tell me your name or am I just supposed to guess?”
Frosty this one. 
“Thomas.”
“Thomas what?”  
“Just Thomas. They ran out of last names before they got to my family. We’re on a waiting list.” 
She sighed, a heavy one. “Well Thomas, do you want to show me to this body?”
“Sure thing. But we’re going to need flashlights.”
“I have a couple in my car.”
She ran out to get them and I ran upstairs. I grabbed an old pair of my dad’s gray sweat pants and a red hooded sweatshirt. 
Erica was standing in the foyer when I made my way downstairs. She didn’t comment on the fact that I looked like an ad for Russell Athletic.  
She thrust a flashlight in my hand and we made our way outside. The storm had subsided, but it was still drizzling, which didn’t seem to bother Erica in the slightest. Although, to be fair, to your native Seattleite, drizzle was about as mundane as breathing. 
I flopped up the hood on my sweatshirt and said, “Nice night.”
She didn’t comment on this and I took her silence as agreement. As we started around back, I informed Erica of the options for getting to the body. She lobbied for the quickest path and I went on to explain the dangers. I did a bit of exaggerating, a decent amount of embellishing, and even a couple of outright lies. And yes, when I was finished, route A did carry a remarkable likeness to that of the Fire Swamp from The Princess Bride. But I’d already risked my life twice on a day I’d been penciled in to do so zero times.   
Again, she thought I was mocking her and started picking her way down the bluff. 
I yelled that I’d meet her down there in about half an hour.  
She scoffed. “C’mon, it’s a little hill.”
One, this thing ate hills for breakfast. Two, it was pitch dark. Three, it had been hailing for the past thirty minutes. And four, there were quicksand pits and R.O.U.S.’s (Rodents of Unusual Size.) Hadn’t she been listening? 
She shrugged and said, “Suit yourself.”  
She continued down and I reluctantly started after her. When I caught up with her, I said, “That’s a pretty spiffy sweater. I’d take it off if I were you.” 
“How ‘bout not.”
“Worth a try.”
“Stop trying.”
“Noted.”
I thought perhaps Erica would have let me take the lead seeing as how 1)I’d done this only hours earlier, 2) this was my backyard, 3) I knew the best path to the water, and 4) I had a penis. She veered off to the left and found a trail. I guess not. 
I said, “It’s better to stay in the trees.” It was more difficult and time consuming, but if you fell in the trees there was something to hang onto. 
Erica cut her eyes at me and said, “Thanks, but if I want your help, I’ll ask for it.”
Yikes.
After two or three minutes, Erica had a substantial lead on me. I could see the beam of her flashlight bobbing and weaving thirty feet below me. I grabbed hold of the trunk of a large madrona and lowered myself down a couple feet. The soil was slippery and I nearly lost my footing. When I righted myself, I noticed the beam of Erica’s flashlight was no longer visible. I called her name but only a dull echo responded. I’m not sure if she was physically unable to answer or if her pride was caught in her throat. 
I picked my way down to where I’d last seen her and continued to shout her name. After a couple seconds, I heard a faint, “Over here.” 
I headed in that direction. After about thirty seconds of “Marco, Polo,” I found her. I shined my flashlight in her face. She squinted her eyes against the light. “You okay, sport?” I tried for my most concerned tone. 
She’d slid about twenty feet down and was hanging onto an exposed root jutting from the ground. Half her body dangled off a steep drop-off. I watched as she attempted to pull herself up, but the incline was too steep and she couldn’t get a footing. 
I inched closer and shined the flashlight down on the terrain below. If she lost her grip she was going to go for quite the tumble. It would go something like crash, bang, slice, snap, splash, gurgle, eulogy. 
She forced a smile. “Never better.”
“Really, because you don’t look like you’re all right.”
She made a noise.  
“Did you know you’re dangling off a fifty-foot drop-off?”
“I’m aware of that.” She had an underlying defiance in her voice that I didn’t appreciate. 
“Have you ever seen The English Patient?”
“The movie?”
“Yeah, the movie The English Patient. The one where the guy goes to the desert and gets sick.”
“Sure. Yeah. Sounds familiar.”
“Man, does it take him awhile to die. What, like, almost four hours?”
“Uh. Yeah, long, uh, long movie.” She glanced at her fingers, they appeared to be tiring. 
“What do you suppose he had?”
“Who?”
“The guy from that movie. What do you suppose he had? You know, to make him so sick?”
She opened and closed her eyes a couple times. I could tell she was really wracking her brain for this. Or maybe she was getting exhausted from hanging off a cliff. Probably a combination of the two. Finally she said, “Um, he had cancer. Yeah.  Some sort of cancer.” 
“Cancer, huh. You sure? I’m thinking it was some sort of pox. Chicken or small.” 
“Could have been.” Her fingers were going frantic, slipping, readjust ting. She looked up. The defiance was gone, swapped for pure and utter panic. She said, “Um, listen, do you suppose you could lend me a hand here?”
I bent down, grabbed her arm, and pulled her up. She was surprisingly light.
Her flashlight had come to rest about six feet from her. I plucked it from the mud and wiped the lens clean with my sleeve. I handed it back to her, gave her a soft pat on the shoulder, and started picking my way down the bluff. Through the trees, of course. 
From that point on, Erica followed behind me. 
Chapter 5


After a couple minutes of silence, I turned and asked the detective, who was nipping at my heels, “Do you mind my asking how old you are?”
“Yes.”
I waited for her to elaborate. She did not.
I turned and stared at her. 
She said, “I’ll be 26 in two weeks.”
“You’re 25?”
She nodded.
“Isn’t that pretty young for a detective?”
She shrugged. “I guess so. The rule of thumb is usually three years working the beat, but when the position opened up I was the obvious choice.”
I knew the rule of thumb. “And when was this?”
“About ten days ago.”
I stopped and turned. “Are you shitting me?”
“Nope.” 
I wanted to tell Detective Erica Frost what I used to tell my students on the first day of class. “Don’t do this. Walk out that door right now and find something else. It will ruin you. It will eat you up from the inside. It will rip out your heart and poison your brain. You’ve all seen Ghostbusters? It’s like where they put all those ghosts. You store them in this little part of your brain. A part you can’t see, a part they don’t have a name for, a part that won’t show up on a CAT scan, and you lock them away. Now, it might be thirty years from now, but eventually something is going to flip that switch and let all those ghosts loose. And you can’t put them back. You can’t ever lock them up again. Do yourself a favor, get up, walk out that door, and never look back.” In three semesters only one kid left. He became a real estate agent. Then one of his clients killed him. Life’s funny sometimes.     
Erica snapped me from my reverie. “And what do you do for a living?”
“I’m retired.” 
“Well, what is it you used to do?”
 “I used to be a party planner.” 
“Really? You don’t strike me as the type.”
“Yep. I specialized in Retirement and Going Away.”
“You’re serious?” 
“Yeah. Why? You need something planned? I also do Graduation and Coming Out.”
“Not right now. But if I do you’re the first person I’ll call.”
We made it to the small landing where I’d stopped earlier. We both swept our flashlights over the dark water. The tide had gone out and had taken the white water with it. Erica moved her flashlight to the area just to our right and said, “Is that a wallet?”
She knelt down and pulled my wallet from where I’d hid it just an hour earlier. 
“It’s probably the killer’s.” Figured I’d throw that out there.
She ignored me. 
She flipped the wallet open and shined her flashlight on the license. She looked from the license to me, then back to the license, then back to me. “Six foot. Brown hair. Blue eyes. 180 lbs.” She flipped the wallet closed and handed it to me. Then she said with a smirk, “Consider yourself a suspect, Mr. Prescott.” 
I smiled, took the wallet from her, and put it in my pocket. 
The body was where I’d left it. Erica sidled up to what was left of the woman, training her flashlight on the partially devoured flesh. She went down on her haunches, wrinkling her nose in the process. I guess the smell was getting to her. She looked up at me and asked, “What do you suppose happened to her?”
“Probably some killer whales nibbling on her. There’s a bunch of other stuff out there. Sharks, sea dogs, giant salmon. All kinds of weird stuff.” Just ask Captain Nemo. 
Erica pulled a latex glove from her pocket and slipped it onto her right hand. She grabbed the woman’s chin and gently lolled it to the side. She looked up at me, then back at the woman. Her mouth was gaping and I prodded, “I’m guessing you know who she is?”
“You don’t?” 
“If I knew who she was, I wouldn’t have referred to her as the dead lady with the bullet hole in her forehead.”
“This is Ellen Gray.” 
“No way.”
She nodded, and an evil smile lit her face. I knew that smile all too well. Without her saying a word, I knew she’d just caught the case of a lifetime. A career maker. 
I asked, “Are you sure this is Ellen Gray?”
“Positive.” 
“I can’t believe it.”
“Yep. It’s her.”
“Can I ask you one question?”
“Sure.”
“Who the fuck is Ellen Gray?”
She gave me an inquisitive glare. “You really don’t know?”
I really didn’t and shook my head. 
“She’s the governor of Washington.” 
We both looked at the body and I said, “You mean was.” 
Chapter 6


The wheels were in motion. Thanksgiving was about to end for a whole lot of people. The plan was for me to hike back up to the house and wait for the cavalry to arrive. Then play Sherpa. Which of course I wouldn’t do. I’d done my part. I’d found the body. Called the authorities. Passed the buck. My hands were clean. I would have to give a short statement to the crime scene recorder and then I could forget all about my thirty-third Thanksgiving, Erica Frost, and Ellen Gray.
Speaking of Ellen, after Erica had made a couple phone calls, she’d spent the next few minutes filling me in on the ex-governor of Washington. 
According to Erica, Ellen Gray had been the governor of Washington the past term and had been up for reelection this fall. Which means she was first elected four years after I’d bid the Evergreen State farewell. 
Apparently, on October 15—roughly six weeks before—the governor went for a Sunday afternoon hike in the North Cascades, a weekly routine during which she allowed no one—not her daughters, her husband, any of her closest friends, not even someone from her security detail—to accompany her. She’d been chided for this repeatedly, but she wouldn’t budge. It was her single, solitary, block of time away from the public, from the demands of family, friends, and the entire state of Washington. 
Governor Gray had not been seen again.
Within hours of her disappearance, the largest search and rescue operation in Washington history was under way. Thirty helicopters, a thousand uniformed men, one hundred public officials, and an outreach of citizens so overwhelming they had to start turning people away. Twelve hours into the search, the governor’s backpack was found, nestled in a bush at the edge of a glacial ravine six miles deep into the mountains. It contained a Ziploc bag of trailmix, a North Cascades map, a disposable camera, some Benadryl, and a bottled water. No other traces of Ellen would be found. 
The search went on for days, then weeks. 
She’d vanished.
For the first couple weeks, Erica said, you couldn’t escape the story. It ran on every channel, every minute of every day. The public demanded answers. Was it an accident? People went missing and died in the treacherous North Cascades all the time. Had she slipped and fallen into one of the many raging rivers? Did she fall into one of the many glacial ravines as her backpack would indicate? Had she been attacked by a bear or a mountain lion? 
These were the most logical of answers, but the many conspiracy theorists felt Governor Gray had been kidnapped. Or murdered.    
As always, the husband had been the primary suspect. But Adam Gray wasn’t your ordinary husband; he was a lawyer, a lawyer who according to Miss Frost had just this September been named as one of Forbes 100 Most Powerful People. 
Adam was used to the spotlight and flourished in it. He had a solid alibi, but the overall consensus from folks was that he was still somehow involved in his wife’s disappearance. But over time, as no evidence surfaced, people began to accept that their beloved governor had died in a tragic accident. 
Finally, on the second Tuesday of November, a funeral for Ellen Ann Gray was held. A small private ceremony for friends and family was held, as well as a public funeral at Qwest Stadium. Every seat of the 72,000-capacity stadium was occupied with another 40,000 watching on the telescreen at nearby Safeco Field. A reported three million people tuned in at home. Schools were canceled. Businesses closed for the day. A city mourned. 
Forty-three days later, Ellen Gray’s body was found.  

. . .

A Seattle Sheriff’s Department patrol car was parked in my drive when I reached the house. Its red and blue lights danced in the moonlight and its windshield wipers sloshed to and fro in a losing battle with the returning rain. 
I rapped on the driver’s side window and two cops stepped out. Both wore blue windbreakers and mustaches. Their names were Bill and Ted. Seriously. I was tempted to ask them where their phone booth was but decided against it.
Ted was the crime scene recorder and he made me sign my name, give a saliva swab, recite my ATM code, and do a ten-second headstand. I’m lying about the last few, of course, but I was officially logged in, subject to deposition, and basically at the county’s disposal. 
At least Cole Trickle was. 
They asked what the fastest way down to the crime scene was and I told them the gondola. Ted laughed. Bill didn’t. 
I directed them to where the hill began and said, “It’s steep. Don’t trip.  Have an excellent adventure.”  
They started down and I headed for the door. In about an hour this place was going to be a three-ring circus. The patrol car blinking in my drive would be joined by about five of his brethren and God knows what else. Not to mention, if the Ellen Gray story leaked—and it would, and quickly—the news vans might get here before the police cruisers. 
After drying off, I went to the kitchen, grabbed another slice of pizza, and retired to the living room, flopping into the black recliner. Twenty minutes passed when I heard the first thwack of an approaching helicopter. I could see its light move over my house and disappear into Prescott Cove. The bigwigs had arrived. 
I went to the front door and peered through the peephole. I counted five police cars, three unmarked Chevys, and a large van with Seattle County Forensics inscribed on the side. No sign of any media moguls. Yet. 
I made my way out to the balcony and surveyed the scene below. A series of lights had been erected and I could make out six or seven people milling about on the small landing five hundred feet below. The rain had softened a bit, coming down at a steep angle through the bright light. It looked like they were shooting a scene in a movie. If I squinted, I could just barely make out Ellen Gray playing the role of Half Eaten Dead Governor. She committed to the scene like few could. I smelled an Oscar nomination.
A man in a suit leaned over the body. It was immediately evident he was the leading man, the actor who commanded $15 million a picture. It was obvious he was calling the shots. Crime Scene Photographer squatted and took snapshots. Hot Detective in Red Sweater conversed with Cop 1 (Bill) and Cop 2 (Ted.) Plus, a bunch of stagehands in the shadows. 
Crime scenes are far less exciting than people think. Within fifteen minutes the body had been bagged and most of the people had departed. They left the lights on for the science geeks—who would comb over the area with tweezers and ultraviolet lights and Bunsen burners—but by 9:00 P.M. all the major players were playing to the cameras in the street.  
On this note, I made my way upstairs into Lacy’s old bedroom and to her window. It had a good angle to the street and I counted five news vans. Lots of prime numbers. Plus CNN. I soaked up the scene for a couple minutes, then heard a knock at the door. I descended the stairs and pulled the door open. There were three of them. 
My good friend Erica Frost and two gentlemen. The man on Erica’s left had unruly black hair plastered to his forehead, which complemented an untidy beard the same color. He had designer glasses pushed down on his nose and wore a white lab coat over a stained white undershirt. His glasses were foggy from the rain and the man pulled them off, lifted his undershirt, and began massaging the lenses. In lifting his shirt, he exposed a thick belly of coarse black hair. He was covered in hair. Hands, forearms, tufts peeking from his shirt. It was like the Cro-Magnon man meets Peter Jackson.  
The man to Erica’s right was the man I’d seen leaning over Ellen Gray’s corpse. The leading man. He was a good-enough looking fellow with receding blonde curls and a heavy ten o’clock shadow. He had two inches on me, twenty pounds, and ten years. Tiny crow’s-feet had begun to adhere at the edges of his eyes, but overall he’d aged well since I’d last seen him. His nose had been broken once. I’d know—I broke it.  
Erica smiled and said, “Thomas, I’d like to introduce Dr. Hans Rebstien, Seattle’s Chief Medical Examiner, as well as Detective Sergeant Ethan Kates.” 
Hans put his glasses back on then broke into a wide smile. He extended his hand and said, “Thomaz. Thomaz. Zo good to zee you again.” Hans was from Germany and still carried a thick accent. Apparently they don’t make S’s in Germany. 
Erica looked on, perplexed. Surely, she was wondering why Thomas the Party Planner knew Hans the Medical Examiner. Her confusion would increase.  
I acknowledged Ethan with a nod. If you looked up self-righteous prick on Wikipedia, a picture of Ethan Kates would come up. 
I said, “So you’re a sergeant now.”
Ethan was always chewing gum. In the two years I worked with him, I’d never seen him when he wasn’t chewing his cud. Tonight was no different. He took three chomps on the right side of his mouth, then switched sides. Three more chomps. 
Erica put her hands up and said, “Wait. How do you know these guys?”
“I’ll let you in on a secret. I wasn’t a party planner. “
She furrowed her brow. “You were a cop?”
“Detective. Homicide. Same as you.”
Ethan took another chomp and said, “Let’s cut the bullshit, Prescott. What the fuck are you doing here?”
I raised my eyebrows. “Um, I live here. Usually when someone answers the door and stands in the doorway, it’s because they live there.” 
This guy was a detective?
He nodded to himself and started chomping again, then he looked at Erica. “This is the guy who found the body.” It was less of a question and more of an accusation. 
She nodded. 
Ethan’s cell phone rang and he flipped it open. He took a couple steps backward and put the phone to his ear. 
Erica took a step forward and said, “How long were you with the SPD?”
“I don’t know. I did a year on the beat, then I was a detective for a couple years.”
“What precinct?”
“South.”
“What happened?”
Ethan was back and answered for me, “He was let go.”
Erica stared at me. “You were fired?”
I nodded.
“Why?”
“I stole some office supplies.” I’d really needed a hole-punch. Life or death. 
Ethan smiled. “Actually, he beat a suspect to within an inch of his life. The city was sued for millions.”
I kept my eyes on Erica. “He raped and beat a thirteen-year-old girl.” 
Ethan had testified against me in court. The city was sued for $7 million and the case against the scumbag was dropped. I, of course, was sent packing the next day. I may or may not have smashed Ethan’s face against a locker on my departure. 
I locked eyes with Ethan and said, “If I could go back and do it all over again, I would have killed him.” 
This drew silence from everyone. 
Ethan and I were left staring at one another. The two alpha males. There were a couple dozen people on this planet who would relish Mr. Thomas Dergen Prescott ceasing to exist. In fact, I had a note in a safety deposit box somewhere with a list of suspects should I take a bullet in the temple, get pushed in front of a Greyhound, or develop a suspicious case of necrotizing fasciitis. Ethan Kates wasn’t at the top of the list, but his name was on there. 
Ethan chomped on his gum and smirked. I was tempted to rearrange some more of his cartilage. 
Erica finally broke the tension. She touched me lightly on the elbow and said, “Why don’t you tell these guys how you found the body.”
I took a deep breath and started in.  

