15 11v03 

John Judge

A novel by

Michael G Franks

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters and events either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead is entirely coincidental.
Copyright 2013 Michael G Franks
 Published by Michael G Franks at Smashwords
Other titles by this author

Alfie’s Place

Chapter 1 
The year 2036 
Their hideaway was dark, cold and damp. The long since disused underground rail system in London had been residence to John, his wife Marie, their two children and the community that had followed him for the last two years. They had built a place of safety there. They changed their location on a regular basis as each day in the same part of the underground network increased the risk of detection. Makeshift portable lighting had been organised, heating was available at certain times of the day and a system of provisioning had been put in place. He knew that sooner rather than later, those that sought to destroy him and all he stood for would find him. But he had made sure that his battle would go on until he and his family and others like them could stand free, let the sun shine on their faces and not have to live in fear any more. If it could not be him then it would be his successors.
His teams were able to move in and out of the network at will. No one knew in which part of the city one of John’s cohorts would emerge to strike. After they hit their target, they would disappear down into the maze of tunnels that had become their base. John had five cohorts, as he called them, each one led by one of the founder members of his group. On this occasion, he led his team with the objective of attacking a State police patrol. It didn’t work out as he had planned. They were pinned down by a second patrol that had outflanked and outnumbered them; cover was difficult. John managed to move some of his group to an adjacent building that enabled them to create some cross fire. The State police were starting to take casualties, as was John’s section. The Stapo began to withdraw and John was able to direct his men back to the underground. The wounded were carried by their comrades but the dead had to be left were they lay. John suddenly realised that his wife had been wounded. He watched her stagger as she tried to keep up with him. She was holding her side trying to stem the flow of blood. John stopped and carried her. She was conscious and bleeding badly from her left side.
John Judge carried Marie to safety and realised that she was now unconscious. For the first time in his life, he prayed to God that he could get medical attention for her soon. He quickly became aware as he stopped to stem the bleeding that his beloved Marie had died. He carried her a few more yards to the alcove they had been using. John cradled his dead wife in his arms as he sat leaning against the wall of his hideout. Tears stained his dust engrained face as he listened to the police sirens above, coming ever closer then moving away. Their search for him and all opposition would go on through the night and day, every day until he and his followers had been eradicated. That was their task. 
The hideout was a place deep underground that provided him and his family some private time together. They were constantly hunted down by the establishment forces who never ventured underground to pursue them. Not yet anyway. Each of his lieutenants had also built their own bolt holes using previously blocked off alcoves. These had been built by the early underground railway workers. All of them were in different parts of the underground system. Many of the soldiers had been forced to bring their families underground, as it was no longer safe for them above ground. The deep shelters that were still intact had become their home. A message came in on John’s radio that disturbed him from his deep thoughts. He recognised the voice of Terry Bayliss his Second in Command.
‘You ok John?’ Terry let some time pass before he tried again. ‘You ok?’
‘No’ he eventually replied, ‘Marie is dead.’
The radio remained silent for some time. 
Terry winced as he heard the words but he couldn’t find anything else to say. ‘John, I’m so sorry.’ He had grown accustomed to death and loss and found it difficult to grieve. After a short time he asked, ‘Do you want to meet?’
‘Yes, EV231. 30 minutes.’ Their special code identified the particular part of the network but not the exact location. John would go out and wait in another part of the tunnel until he was sure Terry had not been followed. He was no longer sure that anywhere was safe but at this moment, he didn’t care. He had lost Marie. After half an hour, John laid Marie on the makeshift bed and kissed her gently on her cold lips. He tenderly caressed her face and said ‘we will meet again soon my darling, goodbye.’ He picked up his machine pistol and walked into tunnel EV231.
Terry looked at his map of their network of tunnels. He noted that EV231 was directly under Waterloo main line station, which was still operating but the entrance to the tube station had long since been closed.
EV 231 was empty and there was no sign of Terry yet. It was always cold and damp in the rail tunnels and many of them had been blocked off so the air was stale. It had its advantages; State troopers didn’t venture down there, it was too dangerous. Some time ago, John had ordered the blocking off of some entrance and exit points and those that remained were always well protected. Thankfully, the State never knew exactly where their enemy was. 
John watched Terry approaching. He noted how carefully he made his way along the shadowy walls, looking behind him frequently and carrying his weapon, a Heckler and Koch machine pistol, in the ready position; they had all learned not to take chances. Most of the weapons the group had obtained came from skirmishes with the State police and the Army. The Police had become known as the Stapo, an acronym widely used throughout Europe.
John stepped out as soon as he was sure Terry was alone. Terry spun around pointing his weapon in the direction of John’s voice. 
‘It’s ok Terry.’ John was quick to identify himself.
The two men came together and warmly embraced. They had been friends for many years and trusted each other with their lives.
‘I’m really sorry about Marie, John, what happened?’
John maintained control of his emotions but the tearstains on his face said it all, ‘I don’t know exactly except I saw that she was bleeding badly on her left side. After what was left of the Stapo patrol had ran off we broke the engagement off, she collapsed and I carried her back here. She was dead by the time I got her here.’ 
Terry was finding it difficult to find words and both men sat on the dusty concrete ledge by the side of the track in silence.
John was first to speak, ‘Terry, I want Marie left here, get some of our nurses to tidy her up before the boys are brought here. I’ll talk to Jason and Alex before they see their mother. Then I want this part of the tunnel sealed off; get our explosives guys to do it so just the alcove is sealed, we may need the tunnel in the future. The alcove where I’ve laid Marie is just over there.’ John pointed to a spot about 20 metres away. ‘So while you’re making those arrangements I want to spend a few moments with her.’
Terry nodded and started to move away.
‘Oh and Terry..., don’t let my boys in there until I have spoken to them and she’s been cleaned up, ok?’
‘Of course my friend, I’ll see you later.’ 
John felt the battle was over; all of the fight had gone from him and he realised that he was facing the last of his struggles. John knew that time was now short. The Stapo would eventually catch up with him. Marie had joined him on many of these sorties and both she and he knew the risks. John and his ever-increasing band of followers killed some of the Stapo unit tonight but at a high price. Marie and some of his soldiers had been lost in the firefight. This was the way things were now, a constant fight for survival against an ever more ruthless state. He had stopped calling it government when elections had ceased and all open political opposition had been eradicated. The police state was alive and well and doing what it did best...control. 
John walked back to the refuge. He thought it ironic calling it a refuge with his dead wife in there. But for the moment, he would treat it as such, a safe haven for him and Marie. He smoothed the hair away from her lifeless eyes and looked fondly at what he still thought was the most beautiful woman in the world. He closed his eyes and remembered. He remembered the year 2010, twenty six years ago, when he met Marie. It was a wonderful time. He had come home on leave after completing his basic training as a Paratrooper. He was so proud of his red beret but rarely wore it when on leave as attitudes had changed for the worst towards uniformed soldiers. Nevertheless, no one could mistake the fact that he was a soldier even in civilian clothes. 
He remembered heading for his favourite bar in Wapping to meet up with his pals. Some were still civilians and others had joined up with him. John wasn’t interested in the banter that was going on amongst his friends; his attention was totally focused on the beautiful girl sat at a table by the window. She was with a female friend but John thought he would ‘chance his arm.’ He walked over to the couple and without taking his eyes off Marie (as he later found out she was called) and said, ‘I promised myself that when I finished my training I would buy a drink for the first beautiful woman I saw. And as there are two beautiful women here what am I to do? Will you allow me to keep that promise?’
The girls laughed and Marie said ‘I take it you’re a soldier, so we couldn’t possibly allow a soldier to break a promise, now could we.’ Her smile was captivating and when their eyes met, there was an immediate connection.
From then on, their relationship blossomed. One date led to another and lots of letters passed between them whilst he was away until one day when he was home again, he announced he was being sent to Iraq and a “will you marry me” followed? 
John sat with his eyes closed fondly remembering that moment and the look on her face. He smiled as he remembered how happy it made him when she said “yes”. He remembered the wonderful day of his marriage and how he had spent too much time away fighting wars that no one but his political masters wanted. He recalled how much he and Marie wanted children but they had decided that they would wait until he was out of the war zones. It was just as well as John was wounded and never recovered enough to continue his military career. John smiled as he remembered that within two years of each other two beautiful boys were born.
Looking down at Marie as he cradled her in his arms he wondered whether he had been right to embark on this battle against the State and put her and his children at such risk. The answer never came and he knew he would have to live with his decision for the rest of his life.
The radio suddenly clattered into life, ‘the nurses are outside John.’
He leaned over and kissed his wife for the last time and then let the women in to do what they had to do.
Out in the tunnel, Terry was waiting for him, ‘your boys are not too far away; would you like me to take you to them?’
John nodded and followed Terry to a small alcove that was being used as a store.
John walked in and faced Jason who was now 20 years of age and his younger brother Alex. They knew immediately what their father was about to tell them and all three embraced, none could hold back their tears. John explained what had happened and after several moments of silence asked if they wanted to see their mother for the last time. They did and so they started out back along the tunnel towards what would shortly become their mother’s tomb. 
‘Are the preparations complete Terry.’ John asked.
‘Yes, everything is in order and we’ll wait for your command before we finish off.’
‘Thank you my friend.’
John and his two sons entered the refuge where his wife and the mother of his sons lay. John let Jason and Alex spend time close to their mother for he had had his time with her.
They eventually stood up and started to back away knowing they were never to see her again. John led them out of the room; their tear stained faces saying all that had to be said.
John turned to Terry, ‘clear the area and do what you have to do.’ 
Terry nodded and watched the trio walk away down the tunnel as he gave the command to his explosives man to seal the room within the alcove. 
John and his sons could hear the dull thud of the carefully placed charges and flinched. John held on to his boys tightly and urged them to walk on. He needed time to think and to stay close to his sons for the time being. He knew that at some stage he would be required to face his followers and make a decision. John was torn between his need to have it all ended and his burning desire to complete what he had started. But having seen his wife die, he questioned whether he could continue to allow his sons to risk their lives. 
They reached a recess that had been converted into a rest centre and the trio sat in silence, lost in their own thoughts but connected by their common grief. John’s mind went over the events that brought him to this point and he re-lived that time. He allowed himself to drift back over the years. He had married in 2015 then saw his first son, Jason, born in 2016 before returning to Afghanistan only to be wounded in 2018 The last of his two children, Alex, was born in 2018 shortly after he was wounded. He was then discharged on medical grounds two years later. He spent most of the next three years rebuilding his life and was extremely happy. He and Marie had become heavily involved in voluntary work for the vulnerable in the community and John derived great satisfaction from the work they did. But it soon became evident to him that the signs were there that would shape his life forever.
John closed his eyes and recalled events eighteen years earlier, a time after the birth of his children and his growing dissatisfaction with the society he was forced to raise them in.
Chapter 2
Eighteen years earlier 
2018
The economy had got progressively worse as a privileged few took more out of the pot than they put in. Much of their personal wealth creation was generated from uninhibited expense accounts and clever accounting processes. Very little now was being challenged but when there was a challenge there was the occasional but infrequent success. Some politicians actually went to jail whilst a few business leaders were forced to resign albeit with large payoffs. And for a short time people were encouraged by the possibility that the ‘pigs in troughs’ mentality was being eradicated. 
However, a weak government in its futile attempts to stem the economic decline mistakenly thought that reducing the constraints on the so called wealth creators would generate growth; it didn’t. It was still impossible for small business people to get anything out of the banks-the few that were still operating that is - and government revenues continued to fall. The few banks that were fully functioning and profitable had become all powerful mega companies absorbing their smaller competition by acquisition. More often than not, they waited for a bank to show signs of failing before jumping in to buy at a knock down price. The Government had long since stopped bailing out failing banks but not before they had pumped billions into them, buying up most of their toxic debt. Meanwhile, politicians found new and innovative ways of taking as much from the taxpaying public as they could and were more interested in feathering their own nest than seriously attempting to sort the country’s problems out. 
And so, by this year over twenty percent of the employable population were now unemployed. Most of the youth of the nation were uneducated, unskilled and unemployable except for in the most menial of tasks. The few people in gainful employment worked for minimal, subsistence wages. The minimum wage legislation had been rescinded some years earlier. Those already at the bottom of the pile suffered most and an underclass had developed. This underclass was clear to see in housing estates all around the country. Graffiti, dereliction and uncollected rubbish made one housing complex indistinguishable from another. Criminal activity was rife but crime figures were massaged to make them appear low. As a result, criminals largely went unpunished. The elderly were rarely seen on the streets; they were too afraid. They relied heavily on people like John and Marie Judge for support. 
London and other major cities experienced the worst rioting in their history and whilst demonstrations were the order of the day, strikes were few and far between. Unions were now banned under new legal regulations. John thought it was a totally unnecessary law as there was little stomach for anyone in work to risk losing their jobs by going on strike. 
Two years earlier the Euro had collapsed almost bankrupting the German economy, which had used most of its enormous wealth to try and stave off the inevitable. Greece, Spain, Portugal and Ireland had all dropped out of the common currency and reverted to their pre Euro coinage. Italy eventually followed having been in a dire political and financial mess for several years. Soon it was reluctantly agreed by those remaining states that the common monetary system had failed. Raging inflation followed with turmoil on the money markets, exacerbating the already serious economic conditions throughout the developed world. Britain was spared some of the problems associated with a return to a previous currency because the UK Pound remained largely isolated from the Euro difficulties. Nevertheless, it had to deal with its massive debt, a disenfranchised society, and high levels of poverty, high inflation and an ever-growing resentment from its citizens.
The major banks that were based in London were protecting significant inflows of money from overseas investors. Unfortunately, the investors only invested in high return ventures; their prime concern was to protect their assets from the ravages of what was happening in their homelands. John could see that little, if anything was being done for housing, schools or hospitals. Manufacture of high value technology and mass produced low cost products to sell abroad was king. Billions of Euros had been transferred into British banks and exchanged into British Pounds before the total collapse of the European Monetary System. Despite this influx of foreign money, Britain had little financial reserve to generate growth. The high interest rate it was paying on its national debt was absorbing any income they got from foreign cash inflows. Inflation badly affected the working classes and the poor. Sadly, at this time; the distinction between working class and the poor was extremely blurred. The cost of food and bread in particular had soared and families already on the poverty line were finding it impossible to feed themselves. As labour costs were now very low in Britain, the country was starting to benefit from its competitiveness in overseas markets. In some cases, they were even able to compete with the Chinese. John thought that this was a good sign and people would soon start to see rewards; more jobs, higher wages, better conditions both at home and in the workplace. Alas, this was not to be the case. John despaired at the sight of company bosses augmenting their already inflated salaries with massive increases and obscene bonuses. Even politicians were giving themselves pay raises from an ever-decreasing treasury pot. Rumours abounded about politicians proclivity for the high life with an almost fully taxpayer funded lifestyle. Shareholder profits were quickly removed from the country to low tax havens overseas. He could not understand the foolhardiness of those in leadership allowing what was going on in the streets of Britain. Those who had been given the authority through the ballot box to rule had embarked on a course of sheer madness. 
The anger in John’s voice was clear. ‘Do they not know what is happening on their own streets, are they blind, can they not understand that if they carry on in this way the society they take so much from will collapse and there will be nothing left for them to take?’ John was hosting a meeting at his home of his friends and like-minded supporters, supporters who were destined to become his lieutenants. For the moment, this was just a talking shop and nothing more; a chance for John and his friends to debate what was happening in society without risking being charged with anti social behaviour by an ever-intrusive government. 
‘The “they” I am referring to is our government and it shames me to call them that. We know that political opposition is now virtually impossible; we know elections are rigged; worker power has been sterilised so those in work are powerless. I’m afraid the riots we’re now seeing will get worse because it’s the only option left for anyone who wants their voice heard.’ This was one of his regular meetings with his friends. They would alternate between each other’s houses and at each of the meetings, ideas would take root. These ideas would eventually become the basis of John’s strategy. The group lived in different parts of London but were reasonably close to each other, which made it easy for them to meet. 
John looked around the room and speculated on where he would lead these friends in the years to come. Terry Bayliss served with John as a Para and later with him in the SAS in Afghanistan; they were the best of friends. Derek Farson was an ex Paratrooper who had got to know John and Terry through their work in the area helping the poor and vulnerable. He liked what they were doing and wanted to get involved. Mal Adams was an ex Marine Commando who had been discharged for getting involved in a fight and seriously injuring a civilian. He was a big man and despite his size and reputation was surprisingly gentle. Two others, ex Para Graham Johns who was now a police officer and Paul Cobb an ex Marine, was an expert in explosives.
John Judge was thirty five years of age and had served as a British Paratrooper for six of his ten years service. His last four years was with the SAS and he served much of that time in the Middle East before being wounded. His wounds, unfortunately, would never allow him to continue with the Paras or SAS even after he recovered. He was discharged after declining a less demanding role in a training centre.
The year 2022
John and his wife had worked tirelessly over the past four years organising community help projects and building the infrastructure to ensure as many of the very vulnerable were helped. Their main task was to ensure that the elderly and young children were fed. Many of the helpless had been forgotten by their local services and John’s team tried to assist as many as possible. Each team was led by one of John’s trusted friends and they all had military experience. That fact remained secret and needed to remain so for the time being. To John and his team, what they were doing had a hidden agenda and preparations were well in hand. This was the beginning of John’s vision of creating an organisation that could stand up to what he knew was coming. He had watched successive governments become more corrupt, more powerful and saw a gradual breakdown of society’s values There was no way in his mind this could lead to anywhere but total anarchy. He concluded that there was only one way those in power could control such an event...total domination. He knew what that would mean for ordinary people.
Another change of government was brought about by a very public scandal of several senior cabinet members accused of being involved in a sex ring. They were exposed by a part of the press that had not yet been got at. It was proven that they were party to importing young girls from Eastern Europe and taking fat hand outs for arranging the necessary import documents. Once their activities were uncovered, they had no choice but to resign en bloc. The government of the day collapsed. 
Waiting in the wings was a group of powerful far right politicians led by an exceptionally ambitious young man. Tony Garside had worked his way through his party ranks and had the charisma to step forward and take control. He had built himself quite a reputation so there was little opposition. His ideas of a fair and just society were well illustrated and he was believed. As a well-groomed and articulate speaker, people listened. There was no snap election, just a declaration of a state emergency. The TV media came under state control and announcements were made about how they, this cohort of patriotic men, led by Tony Garside, were going to clean up the country. Tony Garside, the recognised leader of the group sat in front of the TV camera and read his cue cards perfectly, with supreme confidence and authority. 

“I have today taken charge of State affairs following the sad but necessary departure of our previous government. My colleagues and I, promise the people of this country that corruption will be rooted out and those responsible will be punished. Criminals will be caught and locked away. We will build sufficient prisons to ensure that happens. After full and lengthy discussions with the police and the military, we will utilise open ground such as sports fields and parks to build containment pens for any persons who embark upon anti social behaviour and they will be removed from your streets. There will be zero tolerance. A draft constitution is being developed that will re-establish the values and principles I know you all wish to see as part of our society once again. My cabinet colleagues and I have the full support of the military and the police to make it happen. I will make a further announcement in due course. Goodnight and God bless you all.”
When he was sure that he was off camera Tony Garside leaned back in the chair, smoothed his dark well-groomed hair, loosened his tie and smiled, not smugly but with a satisfied smile knowing he had delivered his speech just as he planned and he had arrived. 
The TV commentator announced, ‘That was a broadcast on behalf of the Interim Government. Ordinary people interviewed by the television company (now suddenly called State TV), generally welcomed what they heard. At last, something was going to be done about crime, about hooliganism and corruption. There was a sense of relief.
But not for John. He shared the relief felt by many people that something would be done about disorder and crime but he had his doubts about whether corruption, especially at high levels would be eliminated. He also felt extremely uncomfortable about the draconian measures that were being introduced.
***
Tony Garside gathered his cabinet together for the first time following his TV debut. Plans were drawn up to implement the actions he had spoken to the nation about. The basis of those plans had been established by the military chiefs some time earlier. Major General Alfred Keatson was a long time advocate of a hard crackdown. He and his civilian police counterpart Commissioner James Reynolds were of like minds on this. Both were invited to Tony’s inaugural meeting.
‘Gentlemen’ he started ‘welcome. I have brought you together today firstly to introduce you to each other and secondly to agree a plan that will deliver what we promised the people of this nation. It will not be easy; we have effectively introduced martial law, well, almost. There will be no curfews, not yet anyway. I know General Keatson and Commissioner Reynolds are fully behind what I announced in my TV address.’ They nodded their agreement.
As the introductions started Gerry Small, a prominent right winger, sitting opposite the acknowledged leader of the group interrupted ‘shouldn’t we have got royal assent for this Tony?’
Tony Garside was not expecting any challenges but was prepared. ‘I informed the King last week, just as the outgoing party were clearing their desks. He was of course very reluctant to allow such, what he called, extremely strict and severe measures to be forced on his subjects, but I convinced him that if we had to sort out the mess the country was in there was no choice. I also told him that he and his family were in grave danger by staying here and urged him to make other arrangements. They are currently on their way to Antigua and arrangements have been made for their ongoing protection.’
‘Surely the army and the police could protect them here; we can’t effectively exile the royal family, can we? There will be a massive outcry from the public for sure.’ Gerry sensed he was treading on dangerous ground. He agreed with the promise to remove corruption and clean up the streets but was unsure that containment pens and increased powers of arrest were the right approach and now the eviction of the monarchy.
‘Gerry my friend, we are all going to have to bite the bullet on many things in the short term. But I can assure you as soon as we have some semblance of order then the Royal Family can return, that’s of course if they want to. As to the way we are going about this difficult task, I am assured by General Keatson and Commissioner Reynolds that it is the only way.’
Gerry was not convinced.
Garside continued ‘General, will you give us all a run down on your plans?’
‘Of course, Sir.’ The General was beaming. He was fulfilling his long held dream of using his troops to “instil some damned discipline into those layabouts roaming our streets” he would often assert. He stood and directed a screen presentation pointing out strategic elements of his plan as he spoke. ‘Our first objective is to move three regiments of my engineers into the capital and start to erect the containment pens. These engineers will be protected by some of our finest ground troops whilst they set about their task. 2nd Infantry Brigade will despatch its battalions to the major cities and towns outside the Capital to maintain order in the event it gets out of hand. My staff have a rolling strategy to install containment pens in each of the major conurbations outside the city. Once they are established I will hand over to the Commissioner for him to start his arrest phase. I will now pass you on to my colleague to brief you on his arrangements.’
Garside was pleased. ‘Thank you General, when do you propose to start?’
 ‘As soon as you give the word Sir.’
‘Commissioner?’ Garside gave the nod to the police chief.
‘As soon as I get word from General Keatson that the pens are ready for use I will give the green light to my senior officers to lift the major offenders. We have had a rather long short list of these for some time. The lift squads have been trained and are ready to go...’
Gerry Small interrupted ‘excuse me for interrupting commissioner, when these people are “lifted” will they be given a reason for their arrest, will they have access to legal representation and how will they be catered for in terms of food and bedding etc?’
Tony Garside jumped in before the Commissioner could answer. ‘Gerry, we’re dealing with a serious breakdown of order here. We are not; I repeat not going to make the same mistakes as previous governments have for the last 20 years. There will be no more running to Strasburg crying human rights violation, no more slaps on the wrists by a weak judicial system and no more do gooders trying to excuse the behaviour of lawbreakers as not their fault.’ Garside  rested both hands on the table in front of him and leaning directly towards Gerry Small said, ‘do I make myself clear Gerry?’ His fixed stare left Gerry in no doubt that his challenge was not welcome. 
‘As to the treatment of these individuals, they will be treated firmly but fairly. There will be no abuse or cruelty. They will have their freedom removed, they will be uncomfortable and they will be exposed to all those who they have abused. As soon as they can demonstrate they have renounced their earlier behaviour they will be released. Commissioner please continue.’
‘My officers have been getting trained in snatch and lift techniques for several years so I have every confidence that they will carry out their task efficiently. Once the public see some of the ringleader rioters in the pens public confidence will improve. Our first task will be to eliminate the riotous behaviour. Following that we will target serial burglars and known anti social activities. It may be that the pens might not be sufficient deterrent for some of these individuals and prison may be the only option. I assume Sir that the courts will be sitting during this process?’
Garside answered firmly, ‘yes they will Commissioner but only if they demonstrate the same resolve as you and your officers will be showing. If there is a hint of the judiciary giving out soft wrist slaps or community service orders to those who should be locked up then locked up they will be.’
Gerry Small interrupted again; incensed by the idea that parliament was prepared to override the decisions of the courts. ‘Surely Tony we cannot do this without seriously damaging what is left of this democracy. I cannot stand by without voicing my deep concern about what you are proposing.’
Garside leaned across the table directly facing Gerry Small and this time spoke slowly and deliberately, ‘Your concerns are noted but let me make myself absolutely clear Mr Small, it is not a proposal it is an order that I have the authority to give with the full backing of our military staff and police. If you or anyone else in this room is opposed to it then they had better leave now.’
Gerry stood up, ‘then you have my resignation Sir with immediate effect. I will formerly write to you this evening. I promise you this though; I will oppose what you are doing from the benches with all of my might.’ He left the Cabinet Office for the first and last time.
Garside looked around the room to see if there were any other dissenters; there were none. ‘Gentlemen, I believe we can get this show on the road so I will ask the General and Commissioner to leave and commence their operations. We have some economic and procedural issues to discuss. Thank you General and Commissioner, keep us fully informed on your progress.’
The soldier and the Police Commissioner rose and left the room.
‘If you will all excuse me for a moment gentlemen I have some urgent business to attend to. I’ll get my PA to arrange refreshments whilst I am gone and I will be back shortly.
Garside left the room and went into his private office. He picked up the phone and called his contact in MI5, Henry Mason, ‘Henry old friend, how are you? It’s Tony Garside here. Is your phone on scramble?’
‘Yes it is, I’m fine thank you.’...do I call you Prime Minister now?
‘No Henry, let’s keep it informal.  I have a job for you which has to be done with the utmost discretion.’
‘Fire away Tony, you know you can count on me being discreet.’
I need someone neutralised fairly quickly. I don’t care how it’s done but it needs to be clean and beyond question and done in such a way that he has no credibility if he tries to stir things up.’
‘Who do you have in mind?
‘Gerry Small.’
‘That shouldn’t be a problem, leave it with me Tony.’
‘Oh and Henry I want no trail back to me, understood?’
‘Completely, I’ll be in touch.’ Mason was a small man and always wore John Lennon style spectacles. They gave him an air of importance that he thought compensated him for his lack of height. Within his small frame was a ruthless and intelligent man that had wormed his way up through the ranks of the civil service. 
Within a week a scandal broke concerning a right wing politician and new cabinet member. The door of Gerry Small’s apartment in Woolwich had been burst open by a search squad. The officer in charge informed the shocked politician that he had reason to believe that he was involved in child pornography. ‘I have a search warrant and will be removing items such as your computer and any storage devices.’ He announced.
‘You can search all you like officer you’ll not find anything here. I’m a church going Christian and I am insulted that I should be accused of such a heinous crime. I would like to know on whose information you are acting.’
‘Sorry sir I cannot divulge that.’ 
At that moment a search officer came into the room with a cardboard box. ‘I think you had better have a look at this Sir. It was found behind the computer desk covered by a blanket.’
The OIC carefully and with gloved hands opened the box, which was full of photographs and memory sticks. He picked out some of the photographs, which involved young children in various poses and sexual acts. ‘How do you explain these Mr Small?’
‘Gerry Small snatched the photographs from the officer and leafed through them. He was horrified and wanted to be sick. He spluttered, his hands were trembling, ‘I have never seen these in my life, someone has put these in here.’ To his horror he suddenly realised that his fingerprints were now all over them.
He was arrested, taken away, charged and ruined forever.
Tony Garside was sat in his private office when his secure phone rang. He picked it up and just said ‘Yes.’
‘Henry Mason here; the job is done.’ The phone went dead and Tony Garside poured himself a drink.
Chapter 3
2024
After John Judge had spent some time visiting major towns in the north he was satisfied that the basis of an organisation was in place. He spent the next 6 months watching the Army Engineers in action. The last two years had been a busy time for the establishment. Containment pens were visible all over the country and were filling up. They were large cage like structures roughly two metres tall, most of them covering an area of about 200 square metres. Depending on the park area selected for use some were larger, but on average about 50 offenders could be held. There was only entrance in to the cage and that was heavily guarded. They were in effect large outdoor prison cells.
The police had the snatch squads working around the clock. They were machine like in their application. During a riot, a line of police heavily protected with full-length body shields and batons would march line abreast from one side of the street to the other. They would march forward towards the jeering, stone throwing crowd, banging their shields with their batons. The noise was rhythmically deafening and as intended, frightening for some of the mob. Just at the rear of the line a spotter, using night vision binoculars, would identify a ringleader and pass the information to the front line. Directly behind the line a snatch squad would wait for the signal for the row of riot police to part, opening a gap in the file. Once the gap was created the snatch squad would emerge from it, protected by a cohort of shielded riot police, and would very quickly grab the identified individual, bodily lift him back through the gap and the gap would close. The rioter would be handcuffed and placed in a holding vehicle until the police gathered a full vehicle load for transportation to the containment pen. This process went on throughout the night like clockwork. After a time the rioting stopped.
John watched this activity from a discreet distance for many nights and admired the police officers efficiency. He had been trained in these techniques and understood that it was a very effective way of stopping the rioting and mindless damage but he didn’t like the Conpens, as the containment pens had become known. The courts were where offenders needed to be dealt with. The democratic principles that he believed in were already seriously eroded. Unfortunately, much of the population especially the elderly were pleased to see many of the feral youths in the cages. Their pleasure was almost joyous as they were now able to walk out without harassment or fear. State TV interviewed people on the streets regularly as part of the State’s “public relations”. John thought it was more like propaganda. Many interviewees thought even more should be locked away, and that the police were “doing a great job”
John Judge often hoped they could hear his thoughts. ‘Be very careful what you wish for.’
CCTV was everywhere; not a single street or alleyway was spared. No one was allowed to obscure their face, especially youths who were accustomed to wearing hooded jackets. Muslim women were virtual prisoners in their homes, not wanting to uncover their faces or break the law. Many Muslim families decided to return to their birthplace or their ancestral homeland. 
Some years earlier Islamist extremists had set off a series of bombs seriously damaging the underground rail network, killing many people including themselves. The State decided that repairing the damage in this economic climate would not be practical. Londoners were becoming accustomed to travelling over-ground although travel times were significantly longer. They were all now well aware of how valuable their Underground rail had been. For the State however, it suited their purpose to keep everyone above ground and in full view. 
Information that people regularly provided to their banks, to their doctors and to the now, defunct electoral register was being collated. In fact, every piece of data innocently given by the public was being compiled into a central register by the state. The Data Protection Act had been scrapped. So John knew it would not be long before the task of bringing it all together was completed. Every detail of someone’s life would be known to the State at the push of a button. John was fully aware of what was going on. Following his Army discharge and rehabilitation, he managed to get a job as a security guard for one of the main Civil Service offices in Whitehall, the Central Information Office. In that role he had uninhibited access throughout the building. He was well known and highly respected. The wages were not good but it was a steady income and given the economic environment, John considered himself fortunate to be in employment. His two boys were now seven and nine years of age and growing up quicker than he liked. Over dinner one evening Jason, his eldest son asked ‘are those people in the Conpens going to have to stay there forever Dad?’
‘I don’t think so son, this new Government although it appears to be a bit harsh at times, if Mr Garside does what he says he will do then perhaps we shall see less crime and hooliganism. So when things are quiet on the streets and there’s no more rioting then I believe the Conpens will come down and those people will be able to go home to lead normal lives.’ John knew he was painting a much rosier picture than he himself believed but he wanted to protect his children from his own fears, for the moment anyway – they will have to face reality soon enough. Some of the edicts coming from this unelected Government were bordering on Orwellian. And God forbid if he was right about that, he thought.
After work one evening, he decided to take a closer look at the Conpens. He had broached the subject with Graham Johns who said he thought he could get him through the cordon of soldiers protecting the warders. Soldiers were now being deployed beyond their original remit because Commissioner Reynolds had asked General Keatson for the support of his troops after a number of incidents where some of his men were injured by detainees. So, now there was a military presence protecting the police from the public.
John’s police officer friend met him on Central Avenue, which ran through Battersea Park. This was one of the first containment pens to be set up. 
‘Hi John how are you my friend?’
‘I’m fine Graham, how about you?’
‘Ok, but not too happy about what’s going on here.’ He nodded his head towards the park. John could see the wire cages and shivered.
‘I know it’s not pleasant Graham but is it working? Are we getting results?’
‘I just don’t know. There are some individuals that have been in there since the operation started. So it’s not working in those cases. And some of my colleagues are becoming a bit overzealous in how they are managing the process.’
‘What do you mean, overzealous?’
‘I think it will be best if you see for yourself John.’
They walked together and Graham flashed his badge at the soldier on duty at the entrance point. They entered the containment pen.
John’s first impression was the silence and the smell, a strong smell of urine. He quickly saw the reason why; one young man was urinating through the cage walls, others around him took no notice.
‘Surely they’re provided with toilet facilities Graham?’
‘Yes they are but they have to ask a warden to escort them. The warden will tell them to wait until there is a group who want to go and then they are marched together under guard to the portable toilets situated outside the wire. Quite often they can’t wait or just can’t be bothered.’ Graham explained that each detainee was provided with blankets but little else. At each mealtime, a small area was cleared by the troops to allow the cooks to set up a serving area. Detainees would be allowed one at a time to collect their food. The food was basic but warm. Sleeping arrangements were elementary; find a space, lie down and that was it. A canvas sheet was rolled out on the roof of the pen whenever there was rain but the wardens took their time putting that in place. Apart from that, there was no other protection from the weather. 
At that moment a noise erupted just ahead of the two visitors. A tall youth was screaming abuse at a warden who stood facing him. The warden barked a command. ‘Step back from the wire now.’
The young man gripped the cage wire, with his face close to the gap, and shouted ‘get stuffed pig.’
The warden repeated his command. ‘Step back from the wire.’
‘What are you going to do about it prick, why don’t you come in here and show me what I should do? Or don’t you have the balls?’
 The warden made one swift move and slammed his baton full force with a back handed swing against the youth’s hands that were exposed; his knuckles cracked and the young man screamed out in pain. ‘You’ve broken my fingers you bastard.’
The warden laughed and walked away.
John was shocked. ‘So, what happens now? Surely there are some medical facilities here and they’ll get him seen to?’
‘No John, I’m afraid not. The direction was given from the top that if they were rioters they took the risk of getting injured whilst rioting; in here they take the same risk. If they were anti social, they don’t deserve civilised treatment. That was the briefing everyone received.’
The young man was crying out, groaning and clearly in a lot of pain. John approached the cage wall near the injured youth, ‘I’ll see if we can get you some medical help son, just hang on in there.’ 
‘Why should you give a shit?’ The youngster replied through pain induced gritted teeth.
‘Because I do and you had better believe that there are people around who do give a shit.’
‘Yeah, whatever.’ The young man turned his back and carried on groaning, rocking back and forth and holding his injured hands under his armpits.
John walked on with Graham and was horrified, ‘this is barbaric. The state are not going to change behaviour like this they will just entrench it, are they mad?
Graham agreed to try and get medical attention for the injured youth.
John was more convinced than ever that his preparations here in London and in the major towns and cities were well justified even though at this stage they were nothing more than community help groups. John arrived home that night even more concerned about the future than he had ever been. This last two years had convinced him that he needed to do something. Garside and his cronies were not putting the country right; he was developing a police state with him at the top.
***
It was 6am and people were emerging from their homes to travel to their workplaces. There was no joy in the faces, no hope or anticipation of a good day at the office or factory. They had spent the last two years waiting for the new society their leaders had promised but it had never materialised. Instead, their working hours were longer, production targets were higher and holidays shorter and no one was seeing the benefit of their additional efforts, except for that section of society who controlled the means of finance and production. The gap between rich and poor was becoming visibly ever wider. The elderly who were so pleased about the promises made by Garside two years ago were now not so pleased. Many of them could not afford to heat their homes or receive proper medical care. It was undeniably accepted that stopping the riots and anti social behaviour gave them respite and for a time they believed in their Government. But now times had indeed changed. No riots, very little crime or anti social behaviour but no hope. The realisation was upon them that they were no longer useful to the State. Their votes wouldn’t count anymore simply because there were no longer any elections. They couldn’t work even if work was available, and so most of them staggered from one day to the next beginning to believe in their uselessness.
After the withdrawal of trade union rights and the repeal of all laws that were designed to protect workers, employers were emboldened. They really didn’t care about worker welfare and other such nonsense, as they called it. The hard line union men, however, initially tried to whip up resistance. They held meetings in various factories and offices and tried to encourage walkouts, sit-ins and work to rule but the way they had acted in the past was now coming home to roost no one believed in them so they tried even harder to whip up support. The State responded very quickly by sending in riot squads and arresting the ringleaders. They were transported to one of the many containment pens and were not seen again. Any further resistance was completely eradicated. State television announced that a number of radicals had been arrested for inciting violence and encouraging civil disobedience. Opposition from the labour force had now been eliminated.
John arranged to meet Terry Bayliss in Jubilee Gardens overlooking the Thames to discuss current developments. The gardens were not as well kept as they used to be because there was now no official support for such ventures. Locals tidied the place up from time to time and occasionally one would see groups of elderly men and women carefully tending the few remaining plants. John approached an old lady who was having difficulty getting up off her knees, ‘can I help you?’ John said extending his hand.
‘That’s very kind of you’ she said holding her hand out for John to take the strain. 
He saw that her hands were gnarled and painfully swollen, her face ravaged by years of hardship and plainly she was not in good health. ‘When did you last see a doctor ma?’ John asked.
‘You’ve got to be kidding young man. When did any of us last see a doctor’, she said nodding towards the other gardeners. ‘Doctors will only see you now if you pay them. We make do with the old remedies, that’s all we can do and of course help each other.’
John and his team were already heavily involved in providing help for people like this lady but he knew it wasn’t enough. The limited resources he had were acquired by those in work who supported his cause. They were always willing get their hands on anything that could help. Supporters took great risks in getting various bits and pieces out of their workplace. First aid boxes or their contents were often taken from stores in the factories and those working in the hospitals, which were now mostly privatised, managed to walk off with as much as they could without it being too obvious.
‘I know a couple of nurses who will gladly help you and some of your friends; they may even be able to help with some medicines, if you will allow them.’
‘And how much will that cost? Cos I can tell you now we don’t have any money.’
‘It won’t cost you a penny, I promise.’
The old woman’s eyes filled but she held back her tears, ‘thank you so much, it’s not been very often lately that we get shown any kindness. What’s your name; I can’t keep calling you “young man” young man?’She said with a twinkle in her eye.
‘Just call me John, that’ll be fine.’ John took a note of the old woman’s name, a Mrs Bishop, and her address and promised someone would call soon.
Terry arrived and was introduced to the gardening group. John said farewell to them and walked towards the riverbank with his friend.
‘I can’t stand this anymore Terry, It’s driving me nuts watching people like Mrs Bishop live their meagre lives in a State that doesn’t give a damn. Get the guys together tonight at my place. Marie can take one of the other nurses with her to see Mrs Bishop and her friends, I’ll brief her.’
‘I’ll get the message out to the rest of the men John, we’ll be at your house at about 8pm, ok?’
‘That’s fine, my friend. I know that you are a true friend Terry but what I am going to suggest tonight may test our friendship like never before and I want you to know that no matter what you decide after you hear what I have to say, I will always consider you to be my friend.’
‘I don’t know what it is you’re planning John but I can tell you now I trust you with my life so there is nothing that could break our friendship. I’ll see you tonight.’ Terry walked away leaving John leaning on the wall staring into the murky waters of the Thames. 
Marie was waiting as John arrived home from work. After leaving the garden, he had returned to work for the afternoon. ‘Hi honey, you had a good day?’She greeted him with her infectious smile as she always did.
‘No, not really princess, I saw more examples of how bad things are today and I really believe it’s time something was done.’ He described his conversation with Mrs Bishop and her friends at the garden and how deprived they were, not just of a decent standard of living but also of the basic human requirement of knowing you are cared for, especially when you’re old. ‘Marie, I would like you to take one of your nursing colleagues to see Mrs Bishop and some of her friends. Is that ok?’
‘Yes, of course it is John, I take it they need some medical care so I’ll get some things together.’
John gave her the address and said that his friends were coming over later, ‘we’re just going to chew the fat about a few things.’
‘John, my darling, I know when you are troubled and tonight isn’t about “chewing the fat” is it? You have something far more serious in mind, am I right?’
‘I guess you know me better than I know myself so I won’t pretend that tonight will be a turning point in our lives Marie. I intend to initiate the plans I have had in my head for some time and it may mean that we will be in a much more dangerous place than you could ever imagine. Trust me, please honey, I promise that I will do nothing about whatever is agreed tonight until I have spoken to you.’
‘I believe I know what it is you will be starting tonight, my love.’ She moved closer to John and he held her tightly, ‘you will always have me by your side, no matter what, I promise.’
John loved his wife with every fibre of his body and yet he knew the dangers he would be asking her to face. The thought tormented his every waking moment.
Marie gathered her medical equipment and said goodbye, ‘I’ll see you later honey.’
Just before 8pm, Graham Johns, the first of John’s friends arrived. Over the next 20 minutes, the remainder turned up.
John spoke briefly to Graham about the young man at the Battersea Conpen who had his hands damaged. ‘What happened to him?’
‘I believe he eventually received medical treatment but was then shipped out to a prison lock up, or at least that’s what I’ve been told. I’m afraid there are too many disappearing for my liking and with the prisons full to overflowing; I fear the worst. Although I am a serving police officer, I despise the people in whom the nation has put their trust. I am sorely tempted to walk away from this uniform; it shames me to wear it.’
‘Graham that’s the last thing you must do, trust me. Tonight I am going to make some proposals that I hope will encourage you to continue in your current role.’ 
After the group of five had settled down John began. ‘Gentlemen, you have often heard me thump the table in disgust and frustration at what is happening in our country. We know it has also got worse in the last two years despite our initial hope that Garside and his cabinet would put things right. We now know it hasn’t turned out the way we wished and Garside has become an authoritarian bully supported by the military and the police. We have a repressive, undemocratic State who has laid out their agenda quite plainly. That agenda is total control. What I am about to suggest to you all is likely to lead possibly to our death or a very long time in prison. I firmly believe that there is another possibility open to us and that is a fairer, more just society. You’re intelligent guys so I’m not going to beat about the bush. I want to confront this corrupt, arrogant and dictatorial State in a way only they can understand. Before I continue, you have the right to walk out now if you feel in any way uncomfortable with what I have said so far. Graham, I am particularly aware of the position you are in and will understand if you feel you have to maintain your loyalty with the organisation you signed up with. We were all soldiers and understand what it means to be loyal to our flag and a uniform.’ John waited for a response, Terry was the first to speak ‘I for one have waited for this moment and hoped and prayed that one day I would hear you say those words. I’m with you all the way.’ Graham spoke next, ‘I understand now what you eluded to earlier and you have my full support in whatever role you decide is right for me. I meant it when I said I am ashamed to wear the uniform of a police officer and anything I can do that will make a difference I’m one hundred percent behind you.’ One after the other, without hesitation, they declared their support, Derek Farson, Mal Adams and Paul Cobb all berated the establishment and its cronies and suddenly there was an excitement in the room. They urged John to lay out his plans and were eager to start.
John responded, ‘let me make this clear guys, it will be a long hard fight. Garside won’t stand by and just let us turn him over. He has the army and the police at his disposal. Be aware that when we start, retribution will be swift. That is why the planning and preparation will have to be meticulous and there can be no turning back once we engage with what from now on must be considered our enemy. You can have no doubt that is how we will be seen to them. The first thing I want to do is lay down some operating principles. We have already established leadership groups around the country whose prime aim up until now was to provide support for the local population. Their objective will now be part of the new movement that is defined here tonight. Our main objective must be to force the State back to democracy. We must also ensure that vulnerable members of our society are looked after.’ John paused to gauge responses; he needed to be sure that the group were fully aware of the gravity of what they were agreeing to.
John continued ‘Firstly I must ask this, do you all agree to accept my leadership?’ He asked each in turn starting with Terry.
‘Absolutely John, with respect to the rest of the team, I can’t think of anyone else I would sooner follow.’
‘Derek?’
‘I agree entirely with Terry.’
‘Mal?’
‘I believe you have been planning this for a long time John and so I think you must be the right man to see it through. I’m with you all the way.’
‘Graham?’
‘I’ve known you a long time and know you have all the attributes to lead especially when the going gets tough. John, if you were not leading this venture then I don’t think it would get started. You have my full support.’ 
‘Paul?’
‘What more can I say except that we are making history here tonight and I want to be part of it with you leading the group.’
‘Thank you gentlemen I appreciate your support. The first thing we should do is allocate roles. We must establish an operating base and acquire funding for the resources we will need. I’m afraid the funding issue will require our involvement in some criminal activity.’ John waited for a response.
Paul Cobb said ‘oh good, I’ve always wanted to rob a bank!’ Then motioning towards Graham he said, ‘sorry officer, you didn’t hear that, did you?’ They all laughed and John was glad they were able to joke with each other especially Graham as John knew he would have the most difficult job of them all.
John continued, ‘Terry shall be my second in command, Derek and Paul I would like you to establish our bases using the Underground network. It’s ideal now that it’s no longer used. Much of it is blocked off so you will need to re-establish entrance and exit points but make them as discreet as possible and preferably invisible to the Stapo. We should be the only ones who can use them. I’m sure that Paul will be able to blow small holes here and there without too much trouble.’
Paul quickly announced, ‘I’ve got a stash of detonators and some explosive material from my old job at the quarry.’ 
‘Thanks Paul, I’ll leave it you and Derek to report back with a plan of what you are going to do and how. Is one week enough time?’
‘Yes, it should be ok.’
John moved on to his next point. ‘I will be visiting the towns and cities outside of London over the next 2 weeks and making contact with our group leaders there. I know most of them and I’m sure they will fully support the plan. However, as it is not absolutely certain that they will come on board with this Terry will come with me to ensure I don’t give too much away in trying to persuade any naysayers. Ok Terry?’
Terry nodded his acceptance.
‘Graham, in my opinion, you have the most difficult task. I would like you to be our man on the inside.’ John saw the look of disappointment on the police officer’s face. ‘I know how much you want to shed the uniform you despise but your role whilst wearing it will be invaluable. Our initial activities will be carried out whilst we are still living and working over ground and that will need all the advance knowledge we can get of where the Stapo are and their plans before we strike. Once we are forced underground, it will be even more important. I know I am asking a lot Graham.’
Graham paused and then spoke. ‘I know I can be a valuable member of your team working with you and fully integrated, free from the shackles of this uniform but I also realise how much more I can contribute in doing what you ask of me, so, yes I will be your inside man. But please remember...’ Graham looked in the eyes of each of his comrades, ‘if any one of you is caught I may not be able to help and that will be the most difficult thing I will ask of myself.’
Before John could speak, Mal Adams rose from his chair and reached across and took hold of Graham’s hand holding it firmly in both of his hands, ‘Graham, if that situation ever arises I want you to know that I will not expect you to risk your position to save my arse. What you will be doing will be too bloody valuable and cannot be exposed.’
Graham watched as his comrades in unison applauded what Mal had said.
‘Thank you guys just don’t bloody well get caught eh!’ 
John spoke, ‘Mal, this brings me to your role. We need an easy target that will provide us with sufficient cash to get this show on the road. We don’t want jewellery, as we don’t have the outlets to fence it, so cash only, for the moment. I’ll leave the details to you Mal; let me know when you have something.’
‘You got it boss.’
I will give out sector responsibilities when Terry and I have finalised the target list. In the meantime, I promised Marie that I would not proceed with what we agreed here tonight until I have spoken to her. I assume you will want to do the same with your spouses. I have no doubt that they are as sick of what is happening in our country as we are. But as they will be seriously affected by our actions and will be dragged in to them at some point, they should be fully in the loop.’
Graham said, ‘I will not be telling Jane because it would be too dangerous. I will have to live the part, which means occasionally entertaining my colleagues and sometimes senior ones, so Jane must believe that I am a dedicated police officer. I don’t like deceiving her but it’s safer that way.’
‘I fully understand that Graham and it’s a very sensible approach.’ John confirmed with the rest of the team that there were no issues regarding their spouses. ‘Let’s meet again in two days time to go over the next stage. In the meantime let’s carry on doing what we have been doing for the last few years.’
After John’s friends left, Marie arrived home looking quite downcast. 
‘What on earth is the matter honey?’ John had spotted straight away that something was wrong.
‘I saw Mrs Bishop tonight, her apartment was freezing cold, there was little food in her cupboards and she sat there wrapped in a blanket. I gave her anti inflammatory cream for her hands and then went to see an old gentleman next door. John, he had arrived back from the garden, sat in his armchair and died, just like that. There were no obvious signs for his death and he only had minor health problems. Mrs Bishop said she had seen a few of her friends go like this; they just gave up. Surely this cannot go on, for God sake John how can any human being allow this to happen. God knows what some children and the disabled are suffering.’ 
John embraced her and let cry before he spoke, ‘I am not going to let it go on Marie, it will stop I promise. I don’t know how long it will take but it will stop.’ He told her everything that had taken place that evening and asked, ‘do you want to go along with me on this?’
She looked up at him through her tear filled eyes, ‘let’s go and give those scumbags what they deserve John, I’m proud of you and I promise I will be at your side every step of the way.’
John Judge held his wife close and knew that their time together from now on would be fraught with danger.
Chapter 4
 2026 
It was becoming increasingly clear to John that the State was close to knitting together all of the data on each citizen, data that they had innocently provided. In the past, this information had been so disjointed and in so many different organisations, it had been difficult to bring it all under one roof. The Data Protection Act that was supposed to protect citizens from unwanted intrusion had been taken off the statute books. No one ever believed that so much information could be integrated, but John could see just how close they were. He saw the sheer magnitude of what it meant. A complete record of an individual’s life would be available at the push of a button. The power that this could provide to any State that wanted total control was immense. John decided that prevention of this invasion of privacy was a priority for him and his new group.
A meeting was held two days after the inaugural meeting as had been agreed. One by one, the group that was to fight together for many years to come arrived at John’s place. Marie greeted them and handed each of them a can of beer. She retreated and left them to make their life changing decisions. When John realised she had gone he called her back.
‘Marie, you’re as much a part of this as everyone here, please stay and join us.’ They all nodded their approval. ‘If anyone wishes to include their spouse in these planning meetings, please bring them along. It will in fact look a little more natural for couples to be coming in here. Once a base has been established underground, it will be easier. Derek, Paul, I know it’s only been two days but how are we doing on that front? ’ 
Derek responded, ‘if things were to hit the fan now John and we had to go underground we have located just one place that we could use straight away. Paul has managed to cut into an access point that takes us down to the station at Bank. This gives us good protection and we believe that when we have had time to investigate and do a proper survey we should be able to assess exit and travel points.’
‘Well done guys, keep us posted on how you are getting on.’ John then turned to the ex Para turned policeman. ‘Graham, what can you tell us about what is going on; your boss is, from what I can gather, frequently involved in Garside’s cabinet meetings?’
‘Yes that’s right; Commissioner Reynolds now appears to be a permanent fixture at the First Minister’s daily meetings. And more recently, Major General Keatson has been asked to attend on a regular basis. Each of them is bringing some of their senior officers with them.’
Terry asked, ‘why do you think they are doing that Graham? What’s going on?’
‘I don’t know exactly but I think Garside is protecting himself by giving the military and Police a bit more power so that he can rely on their support if he needs it. There have been signs of disaffection amongst some of his cabinet in recent months. Several of them voiced serious concerns over the way Garside was setting himself up as their incontestable leader. I believe the cabinet has been reduced, on the civil side anyway, to six members including Garside.’
‘What happened to the ones that have gone, were they the dissenters?’ John asked.
‘As far as I know, yes. It’s strange how they were quietly removed and seemingly without any fuss. I need to find out a bit more.’
‘Be very careful Graham, we can’t afford to lose you.’ John urged. He then continued, ‘we have watched during these last three years just how much freedom this establishment has removed from its people. Garside already has the police and military behind him. There is no doubt that those in power, led by Garside, are aiming for total control and one of the ways he can achieve this is through the complete integration of information into one central organisation...the State. We must prevent or at least disrupt his ability to have such a degree of control.’
Terry asked, ‘how can they achieve that John? We all know the data is so disorganized that they will never be in a position to bring it under central control.’
‘It’s already nearly at that position Terry, believe me. They have integrated, police, medical and census records already. Emails and mobile phones are being monitored; education history and work records are being prepared now for integration. Their next big step is to bring military records into the frame. When that happens, we as a group are extremely vulnerable. The first thing they will do is isolate all those who are fit and healthy with specialist skills, military backgrounds, and living in close proximity of each other. Look around you guys, we fit that bill very nicely.’
‘But what could they do John?’ Mal asked.
Graham interrupted, ‘John, shall I answer?’
‘Yes please do.’
‘Put very simply, the Conpens will be filled again. Only this time it won’t be criminals, rioters or disruptive hooligans but you guys and others like you that fall into the profile. It probably will not be the police but the military that make the arrests although the police will be there doing the processing and DNA sampling. So my friends once this data is centralised and they understand what they’ve got they will come in the middle of the night and physically lift you out of your bed. It is unlikely that your family will ever see you again.’ 
John said solemnly, ‘thanks Graham, you’re absolutely right. So gentlemen, we can’t let this happen. You can be assured that the State’s thinking will be that the best way to stop opposition and insurgency is to prevent it starting in the first place and that’s why we must prevent them from having the tools to do the job. They can’t be allowed to identify who their opposition is. Mal, how far have you got with funding?
‘I have a couple of jobs lined up, but we need resources to get them underway.’
‘What do you need?’
‘Weapons, transport and a lot of luck! I believe we have no problems with weapons and transport but the luck bit may be hit and miss.’
‘We must make our own luck guys’ John said jokingly.
John and his team spent the next few hours discussing the organisations resource needs and how they would acquire them. A workable plan emerged. 
John stood up to emphasise the importance of what he was about to say. ‘I would like us to agree on what I believe our cause is about. There must be no misunderstanding about why we are embarking on this path. Our prime objective must be to reinstate a full and fair election of government. It is not the overthrow of the State but the destruction of its machinery, machinery that has suffocated democracy. If an individual is considered to be primary to the functioning of that machinery then he or she must be removed. Fundamental to this must be the eradication of corruption at all levels. These are the ideals that must drive every action we take do I have agreement?’
Each team member agreed with comments such as, ‘let’s get started, I’m with you all the way and this is long overdue John.’
‘Ok, let’s get started. I believe we have 12 months maximum to put together a credible opposition. Get in touch with all of your old contacts particular ex comrades and make sure you absolutely trust them. Divulge nothing of our command structure and in particular, I do not want any mention of Graham as a member of our group, his name or that we even know him. I’m sorry Graham, but we must protect you. You cannot be seen in our company. After today’s meeting I or Terry will be your only contact.’ Graham understood and acknowledged. John continued. ‘When you speak to your ex comrades, recruit them only if you are absolutely certain of their motives. Find out whether any of them have any armaments outlets either here or abroad. Mal, we will need financial support for this so I am relying on you to get us started.’ Mal nodded and gave a thumbs up sign. ‘It will be hard initially and we will have to be extremely careful but once we have a small cache of weapons we will build on it by removing arms from the Stapo when we see the opportunity. Our armaments store will soon be sufficient for us to do what we have to do, courtesy of the State. For the moment, the element of surprise is on our side and therefore their patrols will be small in number. I want no unnecessary killing guys, if we can disarm them without bloodshed so much the better. This must be our mantra throughout this campaign. So, no unnecessary bloodshed, no target to be selected unless it has specific relevance to our cause, the vulnerable to be protected at all times and finally we must look after each other’s backs. The code we operate by must be an example to everyone we come into contact with. Are there any questions so far?’
Paul said, ‘just one from me John. I can get hold of a small quantity of explosives and detonators but I need some help to me get in and out of the place. I need an electrician to disable the alarm system for me to get in there then restore it after I leave. Anyone here able to do that?’
Terry Bayliss, after leaving the military was conveniently now working as an electrician and so offered his help. ‘When do you need to do the job Paul?’
‘As soon as possible. Derek and I need the stuff to create entrances for the tunnels we are going to use.’
John stepped in, ‘ok, I’ll leave it to you two to make the arrangements. There are a number of things I want to discuss before we finish. Graham, I’d like the names of the dissident politicians and what they are currently doing. Can you get them? And find out exactly what the composition of Garside’s cabinet now is.’
 ‘I’ll try John; give me a couple of days. I’ll meet you at Jubilee Gardens, 2pm day after tomorrow.’ Graham got up and shook hands warmly with each of his friends. With the exception of John and Terry, he knew that it was extremely unlikely that he would see them again. ‘Good luck my friends, I know you’re going to need it.’ He then left.
John continued, ‘Marie, I know we have been gathering stocks of medical equipment and other stores that have been acquired from various workplaces, will you take on looking after those stores and making sure we have sufficient dry rations tucked away?’
‘Of course John.’
‘Ok, liaise with Paul and Derek to organise a secure a store underground. I believe we now have to protect what we have and build those resources up. As soon as you are able to please do an inventory and let me know what we’ve got. Terry, when you’ve finished your task with Paul, we will need a communication policy and the equipment to go with it. Are you ok with taking that on?’
‘No problem John I’ll get on to it straight away.’
‘Thank you all, I will arrange another meeting in two weeks time.’ The team dispersed, some out of the rear of the house and others from the front.
John and Terry spent the next ten days visiting as many provincial towns that they could. John was encouraged by the response and by what they were doing in their respective towns. There was poverty, undoubtedly, but John realised that high unemployment and hardship had been a fact of life for many more years than he had thought. There were five leaders each representing a major conurbation. They were asked to nominate someone that could be their representative at future planning meetings in London. Jack Ledbetter from Manchester said he would discuss it with the others and would make sure someone would attend John’s next meeting. They left for London assured that what was started in the capital was now going national. John was optimistic. 
***
 Two days later on a bright spring day John strolled into Jubilee Park where he was to meet Graham. He was a little early so decided to wander around the garden. He spotted the old woman that he had helped on his last visit here. ‘Hello, Mrs Bishop, how are you today?’
The elderly woman turned her head and tried to get up but couldn’t, John took her hand and gently helped her. ‘I can’t thank you enough John for the help your young lady and her friend gave my friends and me. She has promised she will visit us again soon, I’m not sure she will though.’
‘Mrs Bishop I can assure you Marie will keep her promise. She and I were very sorry that your friend and neighbour died, especially in those circumstances. Things will change I promise but I must ask you never to mention me or any of my colleagues. It just might upset the authorities.’ He smiled and winked at her.
‘I must go and meet my friend now, so if you will excuse me, goodbye for now.’ John turned away and walked towards Graham who was standing by the river wall.
Mrs Bishop watched John walk away and for the first time in a few years detected a feint whiff of hope.
‘Hello Graham, glad you could make it.’
‘Hi John, we have to make this quick, I have to get back for a meeting with my boss.’ Graham slipped a piece of paper into John’s hand, ‘it’s the list of ex cabinet members. All of them resigned their seat without any reason being given other than “for personal reasons”. The story on the street is that they were threatened with a scandal that would have ruined them. If they had some skeletons in their cupboards they were certainly serious enough to provoke a pretty sharp exit.’
‘You sound doubtful Graham.’
‘It’s the timing John. They voice concerns at a cabinet meeting that effectively challenges “he that would be king” and suddenly they’re gone?’ 
‘That just may be coincidence, maybe they have been very naughty boys that Garside couldn’t afford to have around him.’
‘That was my immediate reaction but then I learned that a top MI5 man, Henry Mason, had been co-opted onto the cabinet as a permanent member days following these resignations. Do you remember Small the disgraced MP?’
‘Yes I do something to do with child porn.’
‘Well my sources tell me that Henry Mason had something to do with it being a set up. And he’s a good friend of Garside. With the massive resources at Mason’s disposal, he could set anything up. Now he’s at the top table.’
‘So what you’re saying is that Garside gets scared of the emerging opposition, he calls on his old mate with a promise of a seat at his right hand and Mason either digs up the dirt or invents some as he did with Small. Bye the way what happened to Small?’
‘Sorry to say John he went to pieces after the scandal and committed suicide just after he was released from jail. He left a note denying he was guilty of the crime and that the evidence was fabricated. And yes I think Mason is capable and willing to do what Garside wants.’
‘So, it may be we can develop some allies by talking to the dissidents even though they may no longer have any political clout. We will need to know a lot more about them before we make a move.’
‘I have to go soon John but just one more thing, do you remember the young man in the cage that had his hands damaged?’
‘Yes I do and I think you were able to get him some medical treatment weren’t you?’
‘Well unfortunately I didn’t. I thought he was being taken to hospital but it turns out they shipped him to the new prison at Shooters Hill. I don’t know what sort of medical treatment he got there but he was released a month ago and then got himself into trouble again and has been thrown into a Conpen at Southwark Park. I’m really concerned about him and many others like him John.
‘How many are being held in that Conpen? How many warders and how well armed?’
‘Roughly thirty, mostly young kids who thought they could buck the system. There are about five warders there at any one time and they have side arms and Taser guns. Why do you ask?
‘I think we may have found our first target. Thanks Graham, let me know if there are any changes to their manning levels. I’ll be in touch, take care friend.’
They turned in opposite directions and walked away. 
John thought deeply about the first action he was about to instigate.
***
One of the last meetings John and Marie were to have at their home was underway. ‘Before we proceed with this action I need you to understand that any one of you can pull out at any time during the planning but once you commit there is no going back.’ John had called his first action planning meeting. All of his lieutenants were there as was Marie and some of her nursing colleagues. For the first time a commander from the north had joined them. ‘I cannot risk this operation once it is underway. Do I have your agreement?’ There was complete unity; no one was going to pull out of this their first real action.
‘What’s the job boss?’ Paul asked.
‘We are going to attack the Conpen at Southwark Park where about thirty young men are currently held. They are potential recruits for us and I believe they are presently guarded by five warders and are armed with Glock pistols and Tazer guns. They will not be expecting us so we will have the advantage. Apart from releasing the detainees, I want the warden’s weapons and ammunition. I would prefer not to have any bloodshed so we will go in quietly and cleanly. If we have to despatch any of them I ask you to do it quietly and quickly. Everyone is to wear black with dark coloured ski masks. I cannot risk any of you being identified at this stage. Mal has been able to source a couple of weapons and a small amount of ammunition so we are good to go.’ John referred to a large map of London on the wall and pointed to Southwark Park. ‘That’s our target gentlemen. Paul, Derek, stop your current activity and concentrate on clearing a path from Monument to Bermondsey underground. I need to know that we can dive underground with the 30 detainees after they are released. Once the alarm is raised, all hell will be let loose above ground. I want to know whether the air is breathable, what the terrain is like and what the likely travel time is. How soon can you get this data back to me?’
Paul looked at Derek enquiringly and said ‘I think we could do the run tonight John. It would be best if we could establish access points at night, do you agree Derek?’
‘Yes I do, the quicker we do this the better. It will be especially relevant to test run it during the hours of darkness.’
John was impressed. ‘Thanks guys let me know as soon you’ve completed the task; I will not be able to finalise the plans until I have your report. In the meantime, let’s go through what we can decide tonight. We do not know what condition the detainees are in so, Marie and your team, can you be ready to help?’ It will mean establishing a base in the underground at Bermondsey which is the closest we can get to after the assault.’ 
‘Yes of course John. I take it the main requirements will be medical rather than clothing?’
‘My main concern will be that they are able to move quickly with us, clothing will not be important. As I do not want any one of us identified at this stage I’m afraid you and your team of lovely ladies will have to disguise your beauty by wearing a very unbecoming ski mask.’
‘I’m sorry John but that might be a step too far! You’re not seriously expecting us to spoil our make up by wearing a mask?’ Marie said jokingly.
John let the laughter and the banter settle and then continued. ‘Mal, I need a transit van by the day after tomorrow; can you do?’
Mal smiled, ‘any particular colour?’
‘Any colour you like so long as it’s dark.’
‘I’ll let you know when I’ve got it.’
‘As soon as Paul and Derek have confirmed that Bermondsey is suitable as a jump off point the van will transport us by the quickest route to the tube entrance that our two guys have established. It should be out of main road sight. We will disembark and gear up when we’re in the tunnel. Masks will not be removed from that moment on until my command is given. Our return route may or may not be underground and that part of the plan will be finalised after I have the report from P and D. The Conpen is on the North West side of Southwark Park close to the main road. We will split into two groups; Terry and Mal will approach the target from the east. Mal who is to drive the van will dump it, leaving Terry to observe the target area. Derek, Paul and I will approach from the West on foot. As the two groups will initially be out of sight of each other, timing is vital. So, at 2200 hours precisely we will converge on the target. The detainees will have been fed and should be settling down for the night; the wardens will be relaxed. We can take them out one by one quietly and quickly. Avoid the use of firearms if at all possible but do not forget to strip the Stapo from whatever weapons and ammunition they have. Finally avoid speaking to each other during this operation; use the hand signals we have all been trained in. If anything has to be said, I will say it. I will give a final briefing at the jump off point the day after tomorrow at 2000 hours. Does anyone have any questions?’
There were no questions just an atmosphere of excitement.
***
Derek Farson and Paul Cobb had carried out their task and briefed John on the underground situation. Derek said ‘we managed to travel the distance between the two locations but ventilation was bad and travelling through the tunnels in the pitch black wasn’t easy.’
Paul continued ‘We have rigged up an air pump so there’s enough air for the duration of the operation but I don’t think we have time to sort out lighting. Oh, and by the way there is some flooding in the last leg as we go under the Thames between London Bridge and Monument.’
‘That’s a great job boys. What about timing, how long does it take?’ John asked.
Derek responded, ‘when we realised how bad the air situation was we decided that the pump was the priority so we fixed that first. We then started from Monument station and we reckon it’s just about two miles and because of travelling under torchlight and wading through the flooded sector it took us about one and half hours.’
Paul added, ‘with a group of thirty people or so it may take a bit longer.’
John was pleased. ‘You’ve done a fantastic job guys, thanks. We will meet up again the day after tomorrow.’ 
Two days later, Mal hid the van that he had acquired a few hours earlier. John and his team including Marie and her support group piled into the dark coloured transit and sped off towards Bermondsey Tube Station. The group offloaded at the rear of the station where Derek and Paul had manufactured a discreet entrance into the underground. The group tentatively edged their way down into the station tunnel. Paul had managed to rig up a temporary light for the briefing.
‘I am glad to say,’ John started, ‘that the tunnels between here and our destination at Monument are reasonably clear. There is no lighting so the journey will be slow and laborious and there is some flooding after we get to London Bridge. But thanks to Derek and Paul, we have an air supply. So, after we have cleared the target and returned here with our package all of the journey will be underground. I am certain that the streets above ground will be extremely dangerous. You and your group Terry should move out now. Everyone please now gear up and let’s stay that way until I give the ok.
Watches were synchronised and Terry’s team moved out. ‘Give us 20 minutes to get ourselves into position and dispose of the van John. We will see you at 2200 hours.’
‘Good luck guys.’ John warmly shook the hands of each of them.
Chapter 5
The First Action
Thankfully, it was a moonless night. John and his group moved quickly to the target area. High intensity floodlights lit up the perimeter of the Conpen and John could clearly see the warders’ rest room and their parked vehicle. He saw one warden pacing a path up and down one side of the cage. Voices could be heard coming from the rest room. He was reasonably certain that another warder would be tracing a similar path on the opposite side. John pointed to the rest room and held up three fingers. There were three guards inside. Paul nodded his head in agreement.
At 2200 hours, precisely John, Derek and Paul moved stealthily in the darkness towards the lit area. Terry had made a similar move from the other side. John directed Derek to the Wardens vehicle whilst Mal was given the target of the lone guard. Judge waited until Mal had quietly rendered the warden unconscious and then made his way to the rest room. Mal in the meantime moved the insentient guard to the vehicle near the rest room. Using materials that were part of his equipment, bound and gagged the guard then placed a hessian hood over his head. He gently leaned him against the vehicle in a sitting position.
Some of the detainees had started to stir and John risked exposing himself by going to the cage. He walked along the cage wall and held his finger to his mouth. They got the message. He then made a quick move back towards the warders’ rest room where Derek and Paul were crouched and ready. Paul was ushered to the right side of the door and Derek was to remain left.
John hoped that Terry and Mal had accomplished their task on the far side. The last thing he wanted now was for that lone guard to raise an alarm. His fears were unfounded as Terry and his partner appeared crouching low and moving towards him. John made a signal to Mal to get ready with the pipe cutters and pointed to the gate where, by now, the detainees were gathering, thankfully quietly. John ensured his men were ready, and quickly burst the door open. He stepped inside, weapon drawn and was quickly followed by Terry.
‘What the hell’ one of the warders gasped, stunned by this unexpected intrusion. Another reached for his pistol.
John said as he pointed his pistol menacingly at the warden reaching for his weapon, ‘do not do anything foolish gentlemen and you will not be harmed. Put your hands on your heads and keep them there.’
The three men withdrew any attempt at bravado and one, who appeared to be the leader said, ‘what do you want? You realise you will never get away with this. You will be hunted down like all the other scum we have locked away.’
John ignored him.
‘My colleagues will now make you comfortable. Please do not make it difficult for them. Your two colleagues are outside and unharmed.’ John nodded to his group to commence tying up the warders, gagging and hooding them. While this was in progress, John went to the door and signalled to Mal to open the gate to the Conpen. 
Mal cut into the door retaining bolts with the pipe cutters and allowed the door to swing open. The inmates surged forward and Mal held his hand up urging them to stop. Some started to run. John had left the warders hut and saw what was happening, he fired one shot in the air and the premature escapees stopped in their tracks.
‘No one leaves here until I have finished speaking, after that you will have two choices. The wardens are secure so there is plenty of time before you have to make that choice. Now gather round and listen in. How many do we have?’ John asked nodding his question to Mal. He held up both hands extending his fingers three times indicating thirty.
‘How many of you are known to the Stapo, hands up?’ All but six of the group held their hands in the air. ‘Were any of you six, who think they are not known, processed when you arrived here?’ All of them shook their heads. ‘Ok, you six can leave, I would advise you strongly to get back home and stay out of sight and trouble, say nothing of what you have seen tonight. Go... now.’
 All but one scurried away into the darkness.
‘What’s the matter with you son, why aren’t you leaving with the rest of them?’
The young man of about twenty years of age said ‘I’d rather stay here sir.’
‘Why?’ John asked.
‘I don’t have anywhere to go Sir’
‘What’s your name?’
‘Kenny.’
‘All right Kenny, join in with the rest of your mates and follow my team’s instructions to the letter. You will all get an opportunity to go your own way shortly but in the meantime, you can either go back in to the pen and wait for the warders to lock you up again or follow me. Does anyone wish to remain here?’
There were no takers.
‘Number two, split them in to three groups and move them to the agreed location. Let’s move out.’ 
Terry silently divided the party into three groups and pointed to Mal, Derek and Paul to take a group each. They jogged purposefully towards Bermondsey tube station. John and Terry walked behind but keeping them in sight.
‘Well done Terry that went really smoothly. What to do next will depend on the response we get when we put to them what we’re about.’
Each group crouched in the darkness waiting for the signal to cross the road to the entrance point that would take them down to their underground rendezvous. John and Terry were the last to enter. The released detainees gathered on the platform. Temporary lighting had been rigged up. Marie with her team had set up a workstation to deal with any injuries. ‘Does anyone have an injury that needs seeing to?’ She asked, finding it difficult to speak clearly through her mask. ‘I and my team will visit each of you quickly whilst you are being briefed on what this is all about, so find a spot to sit down and rest up.’
John started his briefing. ‘You will be asking yourselves why you have been illegally released from the Conpen. I will try and answer that as quickly as I can because I am not sure how long we have before we have to move on...’
A tall young man interrupted, ‘you have about one hour before the alarm is raised.’
‘And how do you know that friend?’
‘I’ve spent plenty of time listening to the Screws to know their routine. At midnight they are due to be relieved so the new shift will be on its way in just under an hour.’
John continued, ‘good, that will give me time to say what I have to say and for you lot to decide what you want to do. What’s your name?’
The young man spat sideways onto the rail track, ‘what’s it to you?’
John’s hackle rose and he stepped closer to the individual, ‘everyone of this team that pulled you out of that prison tonight risked their lives to do so; do not give me any of your shit because if you don’t want hear what I have to say then you know the way out. That goes for all of you.’ John spat out the words.
No one moved.
‘Now what’s your name?’
‘Alan Walker.’
‘Ok Alan, perhaps you’ll hear me out before you decide to go your own way.’ John looked down and noticed Alan’s hands were badly swollen. ‘Nurse, will you see to it that Alan’s hands are looked at before he leaves please.’
Marie nodded, walked over with her first aid pack and knelt down beside the young man. She gently took his hands in hers and saw that they had been seriously damaged. ‘How on earth did this happen’ she asked. 
John answered, ‘I know how it happened nurse and we’ll deal with that later.’
Alan looked puzzled and then it dawned on him, his voice and the words “there are people around who do give a shit” he remembered a year ago when it happened and the guy who offered to help, he realised it was the same one.
John saw the look of recognition on Alan’s face and said ‘the nurses will do their best to sort you out Alan.’ John addressed the whole group, ‘We are a body of people who are sick to death with the way democracy is being eliminated in our country. The greedy are as greedy and as selfish as ever, politicians are probably more corrupt than they have ever been and the poor and vulnerable are paying the price. Our aim is to bring back free and fair elections and hopefully from that, a fairer society. It will not be easy, it may take many years, and I can guarantee lives will be lost in the cause. The action we took tonight was the first of many but we are but a few and so we need to recruit support. If you choose to leave here tonight, I assure you there is a strong chance that you will be captured again and thrown back into a Conpen. You may get lucky and evade the Stapo for a time but spending your life running offers a bleak future. Your other option is to help us in this fight. If you choose that option, I cannot make any promises that it will be easy. Most of your time will be spent in underground tunnels like this but you will have food, friends with a common aim and freedom. Most importantly you will be a part of a movement that intends to change everything that we know is wrong, back to being good once again. So, for those who wish to leave please do so now, I promise there will no recriminations.’
No one moved. Beneath his mask, John smiled.
‘More information will be given to you as you go through a training programme. The training you receive will be absolutely essential if we, together, are to put up a credible opposition. Gentlemen, before we move out we will demonstrate the level of trust we have in you.’ John removed his mask and the rest of the team followed. ‘There will be no turning back now gentlemen. Let’s move out. Stay in your allotted groups and do exactly as your team leader tells you.’
The newly recruited fighters made their way into the dark tunnel ahead of them and started the first of many such journeys. For the next two years, John and his small army trained, developed strategies and built an organisation to support the group that would spend most of its time underground in the future.
The raid on the Conpen at Southwark Park went largely unnoticed by Garside and his cabinet. The police dismissed it as bravado from a bunch of youths breaking their friends out. They chose to ignore the reports of the captured wardens about how well organised the attack was, that weapons had been taken and the fact that the leader certainly didn’t sound like a youth. Shortly after the attack, Garside summoned Commissioner Reynolds to his office and asked for his opinion.
‘Do we have a potential threat Commissioner?’ Garside asked.
‘Not at all Sir, I believe we will have the culprits behind bars very soon’ Reynolds lied, neither he nor his officers had the slightest notion of who they were looking for.
‘Good, I’m glad to hear it Commissioner; find whoever is responsible and put them out of action and I’m not talking about putting them behind bars, do I make myself clear?’ Garside looked at Reynolds squarely in the eyes and Reynolds knew he was in too deep to argue. He knew exactly what this despot meant. There had already been some extremists quietly disposed of and he had been forced to turn a blind eye. Thankfully, he knew that Garside would not want to know the details of such actions. It followed that as his men didn’t know who had carried out the action at Southwark Park then there was little chance of him having to carry out such an order. Believing it really was a one off incident; he felt he could bluff this out. He decided that he would come back in two or three weeks and say ‘job done, Minister.’ He left Garside’s office feeling relieved but anxious about where all this subterfuge would lead him. His concerns about how powerful Garside had become were heightened to a new level.
The side door into the First Minister’s office opened and Henry Mason emerged. He had listened to the conversation.
‘What do you think Henry, do we have a potential problem here?’ Garside sought council from his intelligence chief.
‘I don’t buy his view that it was just a bunch of kids getting their chums out of the pen Tony. If I am right then yes there is the potential for a problem. We know that there is considerable disquiet amongst the general public. Therefore, there is bound to be a leaning towards militancy by some elements. How that will manifest itself I’m not sure but it is possible that we saw the beginnings of it at Southwark Park.’ 
‘We are strong and powerful Henry and you, I and your colleagues are in a position of immense power I will not risk going back to a namby pamby democracy. I will decide what is good for this country, along with your help, of course. We have a compliant workforce and global companies clamouring to invest with us. I will not allow that to be put in jeopardy by some jumped up bloody extremists.’
‘The sooner we have a fully integrated centralised information system Tony we will be in a better position to eliminate such a threat.’
‘And how is that going to help?’
‘Let me give you an extreme example of how powerful this tool will be. Let us say we get a description of one of the insurgents; he’s over 6 foot tall, has a slight limp and has a scar on his left hand. With a push of a button, the name and address of every individual with those particular identifying features and a list of probable associates will be available in minutes. We can build a profile of potential rebels and then we take a view whether those people are lifted and incarcerated before they do any damage.’ 
‘It sounds impressive Henry, how far are we from completion of the project?’
‘My boys tell me we should have a complete profile on every citizen within the next two years. They’re working around the clock. There are some things that can be done to minimise the threat whilst we are waiting though.’
‘Enlighten me Henry’ Garside cupped his hand in his chin and listened.
‘Reintroduce a minimum wage and carry out some high profile help for the elderly and poor. The minimum wage doesn’t have to be anything like it was before. Most people will be glad of any increase, even a small one. Helping the elderly and poor would be a great PR exercise. That together with the small increase in wages will take some of the ability away from the militants to organise. Their degree of support will diminish and it will buy us time.’ 
Garside was enraged. ‘Are you aware what that would do to our credibility with the business community? They would see it as the thin end of the wedge, a government that was weak. And as far as the old and the poor are concerned they’re putting nothing into the economy so why should they receive handouts. They should have saved for their old age when they had the chance. As for the poor, why do you think they’re poor? I’ll tell you why, they lack drive and ambition. They must be jolted out of the rut they have got themselves in. No Henry, I will not deviate from the course of action I have taken, action that will benefit this country in the long run. Get the system up and running in 12 months and I don’t care what it takes to do it.’
Henry Mason knew completing the central information system in 12 months was almost impossible; there would be serious shortcuts. He didn’t believe for a moment a word of his boss’s motives or his ranting but he didn’t really care. His position of power gave him assurance that when the balloon does go up, as certain as he was that it would, he knew he was prepared.
Chapter 6
2028
During this last couple of years John watched his men develop into a strong team. Underground storage rooms were built using much of the already available space in the tube system. Sleeping quarters were established and stores of medical equipment, weapons, ammunition and food were at reasonable levels. Small generators and air compressors were strategically placed around the tunnel system so that air and light was always available. Derek Farson and Paul Cobb completed their task of making the underground accessible but also easy to defend. John’s fear was that the State would try to flood the tunnels or use gas once they knew that the tube was the fighter’s base. He took some comfort from the fact that flooding would seriously affect the masses of infrastructure that ran through the underground to service London and gas would also be a great risk to the population above ground. Nevertheless it was difficult to predict what desperate men like Garside would do when pushed to the limit, so they needed to be prepared.
***
John had watched Alan Walker become more soldier like with every day that passed. After a lot of care from Marie’s nursing unit, his hands were now healing but sadly, he may never have the full use of them again. The initial damage had not been dealt with quickly enough. He carried out every task with determination and courage. Alan hated those currently in power and was desperate to see them defeated. 
Alan was cleaning his weapons when his radio came to life, ‘Alan, I need to speak with you, meet me at the store in M300 at 8pm.’ 
‘Roger Sir, will do.’ Alan was uncertain about what the boss wanted to talk to him about but he felt privileged that John would want to speak to him personally. There was something about John Judge that gave him hope even though at the time he was in a hopeless position. After his release from Southwark Park Conpen, he vowed to serve John Judge and help him achieve his aims. Alan looked at his map and saw that he wasn’t too far from M300, which was the old British Museum station; it had been disused for about 80 years. He was in charge of a small detachment of men. Goodge Street Underground had become their base and their home. Apart from the job of developing their underground base there were other jobs to do, the main task was to help Mal Adams on his fund raising missions. To date they had managed to divest the contents of two security vehicles and turned over a couple of jewellery shops but took only the cash. It had been relatively easy because security was lax due to some complacency on the part of their security services. He knew that would not last.
Alan moved swiftly through the tunnel from Goodge Street, south, towards Tottenham Court Road where he met up with what used to be the Central Line and turned left towards Holborn. A new access into the old Museum Station had been established. The entrance was cleverly disguised and could be easily missed but not to those who helped build it. He was early so took the time to wander amongst the array of stores and equipment. Alan ambled amongst the boxes and shelves of weapons. He marvelled at the range of Glock and Heckler Koch pistols, packs of ammunition, explosives and along one wall, he saw a mass of medical equipment. ‘John certainly expects casualties at some point’ he thought.
John’s voice startled him, ‘impressive, don’t you think Alan?’ John was accompanied by a young nurse. He introduced her as Janice and said ‘I’ve asked Janice to spend some time with you Alan to try and improve the situation with your hands. She is a trained physiotherapist and I believe she can help you. Is that Ok?’
Alan hesitated for a moment; he was reluctant to admit any shortcomings in his physical abilities. ‘I appreciate the offer Sir but I’m not sure I need any specialist help.’
John picked up one of the heavier machine pistols and threw it to Alan for him to catch. He was surprised but his reflexes were good and he caught the weapon. John then tossed a magazine to Alan who again reacted perfectly. ‘Now load it and put the safety catch on my friend.’
Alan’s crippled hands just couldn’t do what he wanted them to do quickly enough. He fumbled and was unable to put the gun to safe. 
 John stopped him, ‘leave it Alan, I knew you would have a problem and that’s why I want Janice to help you. Not too far into the future, you are going to need your hands to function a lot better than they do now. I have an important role for you in this organisation and I need you to be fit. He walked over to Alan who looked rather dejected and put his arm around his shoulder, ‘You are a good soldier Alan, you have proved that ever since you came out of the Conpen, don’t let pride stop you from being even better. Janice will discuss a programme with you, do we have a deal?’
Alan had recovered his composure from what was for him an embarrassing experience, ‘Yes of course, Sir, I want nothing more than to be fully operational.’
‘Good, then I shall leave you in Janice’s capable hands. I want you ready in 3 months Alan.’ John left the store to meet with Graham Johns, his friend and police contact.
Janice gently took hold of Alan’s hands and started to remove the makeshift gloves he was wearing. She could see the pain in his face ‘I’ll try not to hurt you too much Alan, but I need to see your hands so that I can do something with them.’
‘That’s Ok nurse, I’ve had rougher treatment than this, believe me.’
She smiled and said, ‘You can call me Janice.’
‘Ok Janice, nice to meet you. John is quite a guy isn’t he?’
‘Yes he is and his wife Marie is something special too. Now let’s get down to some work shall we?’ She started to massage Alan’s hands gently and she could feel where the breaks had not healed properly. His finger joints were calloused and movement was severely restricted. ‘I’m going to show you some finger and hand exercises and you must do these every day for at least thirty minutes. It doesn’t have to be half an hour in one stint, you can spread it out over the course of the day but you must do at least one half hour. I will come and see you once a week to see how you’re getting on. Get a pair of gloves that will keep your hands warm and wear them all of the time.’ Janice proceeded with the physiotherapy on Alan’s hands and he marvelled at how gentle she was. He stared intently at her face, taking in the details, her clear skin and pale blue eyes, her perfectly shaped mouth and a very cute nose. ‘If you keep staring at me like that I shall be very embarrassed,’ she said looking at him under her eyelids without raising her head. Alan had not realised she had noticed him looking at her, ‘I’m really sorry Janice I had no intention of making you feel uncomfortable it’s just that I’m not used to having anyone or anything...’Alan stumbled for the words, ‘beautiful in my life; most of my experiences so far have been very ugly.’ Janice blushed, ‘That’s ok Alan I understand and thank you for the compliment.’ She finished her first session with Alan’s hands. She said she would go home now to get ready for work.
‘Would you mind if I walked with you home... just to see that you’re ok and well...?’ Alan was struggling, ‘Oh hell, I haven’t been above ground as a normal person for ages and I would just like to be... normal, do you know what I mean?’ 
‘I think I do Alan and I would love for you to walk me home but do you think it’s safe? From what I know, you are a marked man; if the Stapo see you, you’re in deep trouble. Not to mention the grief you’ll get from John.’
‘John needn’t know and I’m a dab hand at keeping out of the Stapo’s clutches.’ Alan knew the risk he was taking but was desperate to feel the fresh night air on his face and more importantly to be in the company of Janice.
‘Ok, Mr Walker but promise me you will get back underground as soon as we reach my front door and I have got home. I live near Euston Station. My mum and me have a small apartment there. Do you know how far you will have to travel to get back underground?’ 
‘I promise’ he said. ‘I know the area well so don’t worry. I can dive down at Euston Square and then head back to my home from home at Goodge Street, no problem. Shall we then?’ Alan exaggeratedly crooked his arm for Janice to link with him. She giggled and happily took his arm. Alan was happy walking with Janice. The night air was fresh and he felt invigorated. They talked and laughed about things not related to what they were doing with John Judge. It was as though they had both found a bit of normality in their young lives. Janice leaned against Alan as they walked and all too soon for Alan they reached Janice’s apartment block, she stopped at the stairwell entrance. ‘Thank you Alan it’s been lovely having you walk me home, I’ve really enjoyed your company. Please hurry back now before you’re spotted.’
Alan said, ‘it’s been really good for me too Janice I hope I can see more of you...’ he stammered realising that he might be misunderstood. ‘You know what I mean... I’d like to see you more often if that’s ok.’
She threw her head back and laughed loudly. Alan held her hands and as they looked into each other’s eyes their faces were drawn together and they were about to kiss when suddenly Alan jerked his head away, ‘get into your apartment now, don’t argue and don’t hesitate; move now Janice quickly before they spot you. I’ll be ok don’t worry. Go, go, now please.’ 
Janice leapt into the stairwell and was out of sight as the Stapo patrol came into view. She shouted ‘be careful Alan please’ as Alan walked briskly in the opposite direction to the patrol that was moving quite slowly. He had his hands in his jacket pockets as the police vehicle pulled alongside him.
‘Stop right there fella, what are you doing out at this time of night?’ One of the officers said to him as he got out of the vehicle. There were just two police officers in this patrol. Alan quickly assessed his options. One was to stay and try to bluff it out but as soon as he was questioned, he knew he would be arrested. He could make a run for it but the officer that was questioning him was armed and he probably wouldn’t get very far. Alan carried a Beretta M9 pistol inside his coat and realised this was his only viable option. He was able to reach the safety catch and quietly slipped it off. The small amount of physio he had received from Janice was undoubtedly already helpful.
‘Just took my girlfriend home officer’ Alan said.
The officer behind the wheel shouted to his colleague, ‘come on Arthur, we’re supposed to be finishing for the night; we don’t need to get involved with this toe rag. You know it’ll add hours to our shift if we have to take him in.’
‘Yes I know’ he replied ‘but I’m not sure I like the look of this one.’ He stepped forward and grabbed Alan by his shirt pushing him up against the wall very roughly. ‘I might not be arresting you shithead but I think I might just give a good hiding just in case you have done something you shouldn’t have.’ He raised his fist to strike Alan when a shot burst through his jacket into the policeman’s gut. There was a look of terror on the officer’s face as he fell to the ground.
The officer sat behind the wheel on the right hand side of the vehicle hadn’t seen what had happened. ‘What the hell are you doing Arthur you haven’t gone and shot...?’ He stopped abruptly as Alan quickly released two rounds striking the driver in the head and chest. He collected both weapons from the dead officers to take back to the underground. Alan could not afford to risk the first policeman surviving so he reluctantly made sure he would not be before he ran away from the scene. It made him sick to know he had killed two people even though one of them was about to beat him up just for the hell of it. What was at least a saving grace was that he did what he had to do to save himself and possibly the operation John had so meticulously put together. Even after he got underground he ran as though he was being chased and never stopped until he reached the safety of Goodge Street.
John watched the early TV news bulletin announcing the “cold blooded murder of two of our law enforcement officers”; he was extremely baffled firstly because he was not aware of any planned action last night and secondly because only two policemen in a patrol was not a target worth having. Finally, disappointment equally matched his puzzlement on the news that the officers were shot and killed. That didn’t sound like anything he would have countenanced. He had always advocated the removal of weapons with the minimum use of force. Although he knew that would not always be possible or even desirable. ‘What the hell is going on? He thought. He needed to find out. 
Terry answered his secure radio ‘I have no idea boss; it appears that we might have a renegade action from within the ranks.’
‘Seems that way. I’ve got some time off, where are you now and what are your commitments today?’ John asked.
‘I’m free also and I’m near Oxford Circus.’
‘Ok, meet me at Goodge Street in one hour. The main body based there are working in the western sector with Paul Cobb so it will be quiet. We can try and figure this one out’ John was the first to arrive at the agreed meeting point. He immediately noticed Alan who was alone and sat in a hunched position. The young man never looked up as John approached. He sat down next to him. Alan still did not acknowledge John’s presence. ‘It was you who attacked the Stapo last night wasn’t it?’ John said quietly.
Alan slowly raised his head; he had obviously been crying a lot. His eyes were red and his face tear stained. He looked desolately at John, ‘I’m so sorry John I honestly didn’t mean for it to happen. I am so sorry.’ He started to cry again.
‘Alan, we will all make mistakes as we make this journey and we have already made some in getting this far, the only thing that is important is that we learn from them. Now tell me what happened and we’ll go from there.’
Terry arrived and quickly realised the situation. He acknowledged John with a knowing look and let Alan give his account of what happened.
‘Alan, given the circumstances I believe you had no choice and I think you acted courageously. It is highly likely that the Stapo would have been forced to arrest you and take you in. Of more concern to me is the matter of you risking your capture above ground and more importantly the safety of Nurse Janice. We are very fortunate that we have you both here unharmed. I want you to promise me that you will never venture out alone on another unscheduled trip again.’
‘I promise John, it was stupid of me and I guarantee it will never happen again. I’m so, so sorry boss.’ Alan broke down again; he was shaking his head in anguish ‘I can’t get the sight of those two guys I killed out of my head. Why does it have to be like this?’ He sobbed
‘You can stop bloody well feeling sorry for yourself right now young man. Do you think that they are the last people you will kill? Do you think you won’t smell death again? Well let me make this clear son, you will stink from the stench of death before we are finished. So start getting used to it right now. Do you understand me?’
Alan slowly nodded his head.
John stood up and shouted ‘do you understand me soldier?’
Alan sprang to his feet ‘yes Sir I understand.’
‘Good.’ John paused, ‘I will to ask Janice to come here this evening to keep you company. She will be extremely worried about whether you got away unscathed. Remember she puts herself at risk every time she comes underground; do not increase that risk to her. In fact, I am making you personally responsible for her safety. Now, get yourself some rest because we have some big projects to complete soon. And Alan, the fact that you feel the way you do about taking someone’s life makes you different to those we’re fighting so don’t ever lose that capacity to feel; just don’t let it cloud your judgement.’
John and Terry turned away and headed due south towards Leicester Square. ‘Let’s keep a close watch on him Terry, for the next few weeks at least; he’s a good man but he will not have the experience to handle the emotions he’s facing right now.’
The two men walked quietly out of the concealed entrance leading from Leicester Square station into the bright sunlight.
That evening Janice worked late on the ward in the Middlesex Hospital. She received a message from John asking her to meet with Alan. She was relieved to hear that he was unharmed. Hearing the gunshots during the incident the night before, Janice had feared the worst. John hadn’t said much but she understood that Alan was a bit shaken. Fortunately, the hospital was just a stone’s throw away from Alan at Goodge Street station. She reached the concealed entrance to the station. Sliding the panel to one side and making sure she was unobserved, she slipped through the gap. Janice replaced the entrance panel and started the long journey down into the depths of the underground tunnel.
Janice saw Alan sleeping on one of the bunk beds. She quietly sat beside him not wishing to disturb his sleep and gently brushed his hair away from his forehead. She had become very fond of Alan and sensed that he felt the same way. He stirred and sat up abruptly, ‘what...’ he said still half asleep. ‘It’s ok Alan, it’s only me. Just thought I’d sit with you a while.’
Alan threw his arms around her and held her close to him. ‘I’m so glad you’ve come, you’re a sight for sore eyes.’
‘Yes your eyes do look a bit sore, want to talk to me about it?’
‘Do you mind if we walk through to the British Museum station, there’ll be no one there and I don’t want to be here when the others get back?’
‘No of course not, let’s go.’ 
They walked briskly the short distance to the virtually unknown station. On arrival Alan checked that it was clear and turned on some localised lighting. They sat amongst the stores of weapons and medical equipment on a makeshift bed and Janice waited for Alan to start talking. There was a long period of silence before Alan began. ‘I guess you know that I killed two policemen last night?’
‘Yes Alan, I gathered as much.’
‘I’m really struggling with how I feel about it. I sometimes feel elated that I was able to escape; I stopped them from using their power against innocent people. The way this guy came at me was incredible. I truly believe he would have beaten me to a pulp and left me for dead. And for what, I had done nothing wrong. So, on the one hand I’m really glad he won’t do that again. Yet, I feel so bad about being responsible for their death and particularly the other one, the driver.’
Janice sat and listened intently gently holding his hands.
‘I got a proper telling off from John and he’s right, I have to get used to being responsible for taking lives because I know this battle is going to get a lot more bloody before it’s over. If I don’t take that view then it may be the ones I care about who are killed. Having a just cause doesn’t make it easy.’
Janice spoke, ‘Alan, I don’t like the killing anymore than you do but I also know that you’re a brave and good man. We must believe that good will eventually come from all this. I was asked to go with Marie Judge to help some old people who he had met in Jubilee Gardens and I saw where not doing anything would lead. I saw that an elderly man had just given up and died. His friends and neighbours were afraid, cold and hungry. They will all die long before their time if we take the moral high ground and refuse to fight. So, you must not reproach yourself Alan, you are our future and I’m proud of you.’
Alan cupped Janice’s face between his hands and gently kissed her. It was a kiss full of love and Janice reciprocated. They were both lost in the moment and for a short time the young couple felt peace and joy and complete release from all of their anxieties.
‘I need to leave now, my mother will be wondering why I haven’t returned from work.’ Janice didn’t really want to leave, she felt so good in Alan’s company but she couldn’t risk her mother phoning the hospital and being told that she had left hours earlier.
‘Let me walk with you back up to Goodge Street upper level and then escort you on to Euston. I promise I won’t come above ground with you.’
‘Thank you Alan that will be nice.’
They walked the whole way holding hands and as they reached Janice’s exit point, they arranged to meet again apart from the treatment sessions already arranged. 

Chapter 7
2028
Graham waited at Jubilee Gardens for John to show up; he was becoming nervous about his meeting with John at this place. It was too regular and regular habits were easy to spot. He was convinced that sooner or later he would be followed by some of his undercover colleagues. He wouldn’t know any of them by sight as he didn’t know who did what in the field; his was a specialist role and a bit divorced from what they were doing. John walked towards him and without stopping carried on past Graham as though he didn’t exist. Graham was savvy enough not to respond and leaned on the riverbank wall looking into the murky Thames waters. Graham thought, ‘John has spotted that I’m probably being watched,’ they had previously agreed a backup plan. Graham took a packed sandwich from his raincoat pocket and sat at a nearby bench. For all who might be interested he was having a leisurely late lunch away from the office.
Earlier as John approached the gardens, he noticed two men taking a particular interest in Graham. One of the men discreetly spoke into a lapel microphone so John was alerted to who they might be. He walked straight past Graham and then on to where Mrs Bishop and her friends were tending the garden. ‘Hello Mrs Bishop how are you today?’ John asked in a reasonably loud voice. He helped her up from her kneeling pad and winked at her. In a very soft voice he said, ‘we have two interested observers Mrs Bishop, so please act natural and don’t make any reference to my friend sitting on the bench eating his sandwich.’ 
‘Of course John,’ she smiled knowingly, ‘I’m very well thank you,’ she said in her normal chirpy way. And how have you been keeping?’
They engaged in small talk until they saw that Graham had finished his sandwich and started to walk away from the garden. John waited to see what the two observers would do. One of them again spoke into his lapel microphone and made no attempt to follow Graham who was in the process of leaving. Their attention was now focussed on the entrance to the gardens. At first John thought they were watching Graham leave but then realised someone else was the object of their attention. A tall dishevelled man almost bumped into Graham as he entered the garden. He looked furtively around and hurried towards the river bank wall. The lapel man had a short conversation into his microphone again and the two men then disappeared from view. Within minutes two heavily armed Stapo patrols entered from both ends of the garden shouting to the man who had just entered, ‘put your hands on your head and do not move.’ They repeated the order several times. The bedraggled man with his hands clasped firmly on his head obeyed and looked petrified. 
John watched as the Stapo closed in on the man. They grabbed his arms and applied handcuffs. They searched him roughly, tearing through his clothing. ‘I’ve done nothing wrong, why are you arresting me? I’ve done nothing wro...’ The butt of one of the police officer’s rifle slammed into the man’s stomach forcing him to the ground. He struggled for breath and was on his knees gasping, trying to suck in air.
The section leader noticed John and the group of elderly gardeners and walked towards them. Looking straight at John he said, ‘who are you and what are you doing here?’
Mrs Bishop quickly jumped in. ‘John comes here to help us oldies and we’re very grateful officer. Perhaps you and a couple of your men could give us some help.’ The police officer was no longer interested in John.
‘No thanks missus we’ve got more important things to do like getting that scumbag off the streets.’
 ‘Oh dear what’s he done then? She asked.
‘Never you mind, it’s enough that you know that you have one less criminal to worry about.’ He was now eager to get back to his patrol that was busy dragging the hapless individual away.
John spoke as the officer walked away, ‘thank you officer, we’ll all feel a lot safer now. I’m sure your efforts will not go unnoticed.’ 
Mrs Bishop looked surprised and when the policeman was out of earshot she asked, ‘did you really mean that John?’
‘Yes Mrs Bishop I did, that excuse of a policeman can be assured his efforts have not gone unnoticed.’ John’s face was taught with anger. Mrs Bishop had a good idea what John meant. John said his goodbye to Mrs Bishop and hurried off to the backup rendezvous to meet Graham. 
Having waded through the crowds of travellers in Waterloo station John carefully made his way to the disguised entrance that led down to the disused underground tunnel. ‘Good to see you Graham,’ the two men embraced. ‘We were right to take precautions at the gardens but thankfully they weren’t watching either of us. They were waiting to pick up some poor wretch that came in just as you were leaving.’
‘Yes I know. I recognised him as he passed me. He’s the head of the latest attempt to form a workers union. His name is Ted Watson. He’s been stirring up quite a storm in a number of major companies. The Stapo have had him in their sights for a number of months now and he had to go on the run. So, it looks like they finally caught up with him.’
‘Yes I’m afraid they did Graham and they weren’t too gentle either. Where are they likely to take him and can you find what the patrol section leader’s name is?’
‘I’m afraid that he is likely to go nowhere.’
‘What are you saying?’
‘He’ll be earmarked to be shipped to an out of the way prison, like the new one at Dartmoor but he won’t make it out of there. There’ll be a convenient accident or a rigged suicide either in his holding cell or on his way to Dartmoor.’
John winced. ‘Just how much of this is going on? Surely every man in the Stapo can’t be involved in cold blooded murder.’
‘No, they’re not. But between Henry Mason, the Police Commissioner and General Keatson, they have enabled Garside to turn a blind eye to the formation of an elite squad who carry out this dirty work. Ted Watson will eventually be handed over to them and that’s the last we shall see of him. Grotesque, I know but that’s the way Garside has managed to remove any serious opposition.’
‘Then he is a worse criminal than I imagined and I swear to God that he and his cronies will pay for their crimes. I will not stand by and let this happen.’ John was pensive for a moment. ‘Graham, do you see any signs of reluctance or undercurrents of dissatisfaction within the ranks?’
‘It’s not obvious John but I know that it’s there. I can see it in their faces and general demeanour. But the men are too afraid to openly oppose the State; they have families and know only too well that the people who hold power also have the ability to control them.’
 ‘Where is this elite squad based?’
‘As far as I know they’re spread around different Police or Army units, so no one knows exactly where they are. They are brought together when a job is required. It’s probably orchestrated by Mason.’
‘Graham, I know I am asking a lot and it will be a big risk for you but I need to know where Ted Watson is being held and when they are going to move him. Can you do this?’ 
‘I think so John but what are you planning to do? Surely you’re not going to try and mix it with the murder squad. They’re out and out psychopaths and from what I can gather they enjoy what they do.’
‘We now have over sixty men fully trained. I’ll select the best we have from them and we will eliminate those murdering thugs once and for all.’
Graham tried to contain his reservations, ‘isn’t that upping the ante a bit and putting us in the same camp as them?’
‘Yes I agree it is escalating the situation but there is one very big difference; our declared aim has always been to protect the innocent, not kill them. If we allow this to continue then we are failing in what we set out to do. Whatever the cost Graham we cannot consider failure on this issue. The more this assassination squad are allowed to operate the stronger they will become so I don’t think we have a choice. Sooner or later we will have to confront them; I would rather it was sooner.’ 
‘Yes of course John I understand. I’ll contact you again tomorrow. I think it will be best if we meet here in future, who knows, I may need to go permanently underground! Graham said light-heartedly. 
‘Just be careful Graham, we need you.’
The two friends shook hands and whilst John remained in the tunnel Graham made his way up into the crowded waterloo mainline station.
***
The two men met the following day as agreed. Graham was in solemn mood knowing the dangers his friends were to face once he imparted the knowledge he had gained.
‘He’s being held at Kings Cross police station John and I believe they won’t be moving him for at least three days. My source tells me that they are having problems bringing together the appropriate resources. I think I know what that means; they can’t get hold of their gang of thugs yet. Their plan to remove Mr Watson permanently will be meticulous so that there is no trail back to Garside and his crew. Therefore; they’ll want only their best people on the case.’
‘Thanks Graham that gives me a bit of time for my own planning. What’s the Stapo section strength at Kings Cross?’
‘There are only six men there at any one time; it’s a small station now with limited holding facilities. Since the Conpens have been fully operational there has been little need for holding facilities at Police stations. Oh and by the way the section leader there is a Sergeant Cranson, the one you inquired about at Jubilee Gardens. I’m sure he’s mixed up with the assassination squad.’
‘What else can you tell me?’
‘Well, they will move him at night so that he’s not visible to the general public, probably around midnight. They’ll bring him out of the side entrance and load him into the transportation squad’s vehicle. He’ll be properly signed over to them so that a legitimate record is kept of his movement. After that, who knows?’
‘Ok Graham, I appreciate what you’ve done so I think you should now keep a low profile as far as we are concerned but be highly visible in your day job. I don’t want anyone making any connections with what happens at Kings Cross and you. No more meetings above ground; take normal lunch breaks and contact me only in an emergency.’
‘As you wish John but please take care eh, we need you too.’ Graham left with feelings of great trepidation and returned to his office. 
John contacted his second in command ‘Terry, I want all commanders and section leaders to meet at Goodge Street tonight at 8pm.’
‘Will do John, I’ll get it set up.’
***
John steadily descended into the dark shaft that used to house one of the lifts in Goodge Street Station using the steel maintenance ladder that was fixed solidly to the shaft wall. It was a long and arduous descent as this was one of the deep level tunnels used during the Second World War. Some of the group’s stores had been moved there and he knew that attack from above was always going to be difficult so he encouraged meetings and some training in the shelter. 
The deep shelter was well equipped because much of the infrastructure that had been installed for General Eisenhower’s war room was still intact. His commanders and section leaders sat in a group as John approached. He was not sure whether it was a measure of respect or just engrained discipline from their military backgrounds that caused them to stand as he walked towards them. ‘Please, sit down gentlemen. I‘ve called you together because we have a very important and I have to say dangerous job to do within the next three days. I will be selecting a group that will take over a police station, release a prisoner that is being held there and eliminate the guards that have been sent to transport him to the new prison in Dartmoor. In fact their job is to murder this prisoner once he has been handed over to them.’ John explained what he had been told about the murder squad. ‘I realise that what I have just said may appear to be a contradiction to our stated aims but I believe we have no choice but to prevent these State paid assassins from carrying out their task and more of them in the future. I believe that they are already responsible for many disappearances and the only way to stop this cancer from growing is to cut it out. We will deal with the Police at the station in the same way that we did at Southwark Park, they, apart from their section leader, a Sergeant Cranson are not responsible for this aberration. I will go through the details of how this operation will unfold later. Does anyone have any reservations or questions so far, if so, speak now?’
Terry asked ‘How many of these dirt bags are we going to deal with John?’
‘We believe there are six police staffing the station at any one time. As to the assassination squad, we don’t know how many are involved in total but in terms of the operation at Kings Cross I believe it will be no more than three plus Cranson.’
John looked around at his men he saw only determination in their eyes, not fear or uncertainty, no doubt or questions, but a steely resolution.
Terry spoke first and he was angry, ‘I believe I can only speak for myself John but you’re right, this needs to be stopped. This State is acting like a South American Dictatorship; they can’t get away with picking people up off the street and eliminating them, it’s barbaric.’
John’s commanders’ Paul, Mal and Derek made their views known and were also totally behind their leader. Alan Walker, who had been given a leadership role for his section remained silent.
Terry directed a question to the quiet section leader, ‘how about you Alan, we haven’t heard from you yet?’
‘I’m sorry; of course I’m fully behind the operation. I didn’t say anything because I was too angry to speak. I know what these people are capable of and I have friends who have disappeared so my silence wasn’t reluctance. I could think only of getting the chance to look into their eyes before I despatched them.’
John noted Alan’s anger but continued, ‘Mal, I will need two vans that can carry six of us and equipment in each. Arrange it that you only collect them on the day we need them. I don’t want the Stapo getting any advance warning through stolen vehicle reports?’
‘Yes, I think I can manage that John. Where do you want delivery?’
‘Once the two sections have been dropped off 200 metres from the target I want the vehicles to be available outside the Police station at 0050 hours in three days time. One of them is to face North on Kings Cross Road, the other to face South with engines running. Select two reliable drivers for each vehicle and park them in an off road position until the time of the pick up. We will complete the mission inside the Police station by 0055 hours. Five minutes after this the Police station will receive its hourly check call from HQ. We need to be loaded up and out of the area before the alarm is raised. The North bound vehicle will drop its load off at Kings Cross tube entrance. That group together with their package will make their way underground to the Goodge Street rendezvous. The vehicle south bound will proceed to Holborn Underground and drop the rest of the team off. They will also make their way underground to Goodge Street. The two vehicles are to be discarded at least 500 metres from the drop off points. The drivers must make their way underground to the rendezvous; I want no over ground activity by anyone until we have regrouped at Goodge Street. Is that understood?’ 
There were positive acknowledgements from everyone present. John proceeded to go through his plan in meticulous detail. Once he was satisfied that there was absolute clarity of the task and each member fully understood his role the group dispersed. 
***
At 2300 hours on the third day, Paul and Derek had disabled the CCTV in the immediate vicinity of Kings Cross Police station. Within minutes two vehicles approached, one from the North, the other from the South each carrying six armed and black clad masked men. John led one of the groups and Terry the other. The two vehicles slipped quietly away to their waiting area. Terry with his group entered the side entrance and took up concealed positions in the darkness of the building walls. They were to deal with the driver of the transportation squad’s vehicle and any others who were left outside. Alan Walker meanwhile was instructed to take one man and enter the station through the side door. Once any transportation squad personnel were ‘despatched’ he and his group were to join John and his team inside the station.
Inside, the duty staff were relaxed and very casual. Two were watching TV, one was asleep and the other two were playing cards. Weapons were casually strewn about the tables Sergeant Cranson was not there. That concerned John. He needed to act quickly and quietly; wherever Cranson was he must not be allowed to raise the alarm. 
John and his team burst into the station offices. The police officers were stunned. One reached for his weapon but with a stride Alan had entered from the rear and placed his gun muzzle against the officer’s head. 
John held his finger to his mouth and quietly said, ‘place your hands on your heads were they can be seen and do not make a sound or a movement. If you do as I say you will not be harmed.’ He nodded to his team to bind, gag and hood the five policemen. They went about their task with quiet efficiency. 
John knelt down in front of one officer before he was to be bound, held his gun barrel under the man’s chin and asked ‘where is Cranson and answer me quickly and very quietly?’
The officer was trembling and sweating profusely ‘he’s down stairs seeing to the prisoner.’ John gave the nod for this last one to be trussed up. 
He signalled to two of his men to follow him and for the rest to stay. He found the stairway and quietly descended to a cellar leading to the station holding cells. He could hear Cranson saying something about ‘don’t worry; you’ll soon be out of here, for good.’ He was walking backwards as he started to lock the cell door. John was up to him in a flash and slammed him against the heavy metal door. He slumped to his knees completely stunned. John wrapped one forearm around Cranson’s neck, cupping his chin in his hand. He used the other forearm to grasp the man’s head that was now held in a vice like grip. With both hands John violently and very quickly snapped it from one side to the other. There was a loud crack and Cranson’s lifeless body was allowed to fall to the floor.
The cell door key was still in the door lock and John quickly opened it to find their target, Ted Watson, laying unconscious on the floor; he had been badly beaten. John instructed his two team members to stay with him and administer some first aid to try and bring him around.
Time was running out and the rest of Garside’s kill squad would be here soon. John and the rest of his team had placed the tied up policemen out of site and concealed themselves to wait for the arrival of the assassination gang.
Terry watched the dark coloured armoured vehicle slowly reverse into the side entrance to the Police station and pull up by the side door. Three armed men in combat attire jumped out of the vehicle. The leader said, ‘Jack, you wait here with the wagon, we’ll pick up the package and Cranson and be back with you in a Jif.’
‘Ok boss.’ The driver replied. He took out a pack of cigarettes, extracted one and lit it. The rest of his crew disappeared into the station. 
Terry had to act quickly; he stealthily approached the smoker from behind, muffled his cries with one gloved hand across his mouth then slashed his throat with one swift wipe of his razor sharp commando knife. He and the rest of his team quietly entered the station.
‘Come on you wasters I’ve come to pick up my prisoner where the hell are you?’ The leader of the three men sent to collect Ted Watson shouted in his usual brash way. Before it registered with him that something wasn’t quite right John and his team emerged from various concealment places. Three shots were fired, three would be assassins dropped to the floor, dead
John didn’t waste any time, ‘get the men together and help the men in the cells with our package number two.’
Terry nodded his acknowledgement.
John went to one of the bound Policemen and lifted his head. The man was trembling and had involuntarily wet himself. ‘Don’t worry officer I am not going to harm you. I want you to pass on a message to your bosses. Tell them this, stop the murder squads now, if you do not we will seek them out and stop them just as we have done tonight. We will not allow innocents to be slaughtered. Nod your head if you understand what you have to tell them.’
The quivering officer vigorously nodded his head.
John looked at his watch, 0050 hours. They were slightly ahead of schedule but John knew his transport would be waiting. ‘Number Two check we’re good to go then move everyone out.’
Two men helped Ted Watson to stand; he was now semi conscious and was able to walk with some assistance. He had no idea what was going on but was grateful that these black clad masked men appeared to be helping him.
The two attack sections boarded their vehicles as planned, one headed North with their passenger and the other South. After the drop off both groups disappeared underground and made their way to their base at Goodge Street. The drivers offloaded the vehicles as instructed and entered the underground at different points.
The journey underground back to the rendezvous at Goodge Street was slow for John’s team because of the condition of Ted Watson who needed a lot of attention. Terry and his group reached the meeting point first and alerted Marie to the condition of the injured man, although he was surprised to see that John and his men had not got there first. It seemed like an age before Alan Walker emerged out of the gloom.
Alan was breathing heavily as the air wasn’t too good in that part of the tunnel, ‘I’ve been asked to come on ahead and clear the way for the main party. It’s very slow going with our passenger who’s been badly banged up. The boss should be here in about 10 minutes.’
‘Well done Alan, sit down and get a cold drink.’ Terry was impressed with the way Alan had handled himself in the operation.
Alan spotted Janice and eagerly went over to her. She was equally pleased to see him. ‘How did it go?’She asked.
‘Like clockwork but I learnt one thing, I would never want to get on the wrong side of the boss.’
‘Why’s that.’
‘Sorry Janice but you really don’t want to know so if you don’t mind let’s just leave it there.’ Alan was still trying to absorb what he had witnessed and was concerned by his own lack of sympathy for those they had just killed. 
‘When we’ve finished the debrief tonight why don’t you come and join me at Bank tunnel, and keep me company, I’ve got a small stove and could make us something to eat? What do you think?’ Alan said with a twinkle in his eye.
‘I would love to Alan but you need to get some rest and I have to show up at the hospital tomorrow as normal so another time, perhaps? Janice replied affectionately.
Alan put on an over exaggerated look of disappointment and promised to remind her frequently.
***
John and his team finally arrived but now they were carrying Ted Watson who had drifted into unconsciousness. ‘Get him over to the medical area straight away boys, Marie, can you and your team see to him please, it looks like he’s seriously hurt.’
Two of John’s men lifted Ted onto a table set up to deal with the injured man. Marie examined him closely. He was unconscious and Marie together with Janice was busy checking his vital signs. They were not good. ‘Let’s start by cleaning him up Janice, get some swabs and disinfectant solution. 
She removed his shirt and was shocked to see the level of bruising. She called John over, ‘what on earth has happened here? This man has been severely kicked and beaten with clubs by the look of the amount of bruising and I would suggest it’s not all happened at the same time, some of the marks on him appear to be several days old.’ 
‘He was unfortunately in the care of a very nasty copper Marie and had we not got him out when we did he would not have seen the light of day.’
‘John, I’m not sure he will even now. He needs serious medical attention because there may be internal bleeding.’
‘You will have to do what you can babe, if he is taken to hospital they will jail him again and this time we probably won’t be given the time to stop it. I’m sorry but all that we can offer him by getting him to a medical facility is more of what he has already endured. He needs to take his chances with us.’
‘I’ll do my best John.’
‘I know you will and that’s all I can ask. Let me know if you need any help. I have to go and debrief the teams now.’ John wanted to take Marie in his arms and hold her tight. Just to feel the warmth of her body and smell the freshness of her skin he knew would help cleanse the odour of death that clung to his clothes. But that would have to wait; it was important that the men were debriefed.
John walked to the group of his men who were now congregated in one area and enjoying hot cups of coffee. ‘Ok, listen in. First of all I would like to thank you all for a job well done. The commitment and dedication you all showed tonight made me immensely proud. There will be more of these operations and I can assure you they will not always go as smoothly as this one. As our adversaries become more alert to our activities they will be better prepared. So, do not think that future operations will be as easy as the one was tonight. At the moment not all of us have to spend all of our time underground; most can go about their daily jobs as normal citizens going about their business. That will change over time, especially as we have now raised the bar in our fight against the injustice of the State. Tonight we killed some fellow human beings, let us not rejoice in that but let us be sorrowful. Yes they were evil and they were carrying out orders from their evil bosses but that is still not an excuse for us to revel in their demise at our hands. We must hold all life dear and if there is any justification in what we did it can only be that in the absence of the rule of law and a government that is fair and freely elected we did what we had to do.’
The men were sombre and quiet. They fully understood what John was saying. Alan Walker, particularly, realised that his desire for revenge was suddenly replaced by a sadness brought about by John’s words. He thought he would be overjoyed by destroying the people that were part of the machine that almost destroyed him, yet now he felt the completely alien emotion of sympathy for those that died.
John broke into the thoughts of his men, ‘does anyone have any questions about tonight or where we are headed?’
No one spoke.
‘Alright, I wish you all good night, make yourselves ...’
Marie had come over to him and interrupted, she whispered, ‘I’m sorry John, we’ve lost him. I believe there was massive internal bleeding.’
John took in a deep breath and recounted to the team what Marie had told him. Despair was etched on their faces ‘Terry, will you please nominate a section to organise a decent but discreet burial for Mr Watson. We cannot leave him at a hospital or medical centre; if we do then we will provide propaganda material for those who are responsible for his death to use against us. Find a bed anywhere you can and get some sleep. Do not go above ground until the morning when there are plenty of people around and use different exit points. Go about your business in the normal way and be careful there will be a lot of Stapo activity.
***
As soon as the news broke of the attack on Kings Cross, Garside called an emergency Cabinet meeting. Commissioner Reynolds was invited to attend. He hurried into the Cabinet room. Garside and his team including Henry Mason and General Keatson had already occupied the room. 
‘Good morning First Minister, gentlemen, I hope I haven’t kept you waiting too long. I’ve been busy getting updated on the events of last evening.’ He said nervously.
He was right to be nervous; Garside was apoplectic having been briefed by his MI5 man. The men that were killed last night were his secret special forces and that made him feel very vulnerable.
‘So Commissioner,’ Garside’s eyes narrowed, ‘what exactly happened last night and what has your response been? We are eager to hear what your report is and that you have dealt with the perpetrators of this crime.’ Garside’s words were delivered quietly but menacingly.
‘Well Sir,’ Reynolds started, spluttering his words, ‘Kings Cross Police Station was attacked last night at 2300 hours and four officers were killed, a prisoner escaped with the perpetrators. The Station officers were unharmed but bound and gagged. The alarm was raised at midnight when they failed to answer a call from HQ. We are making all necessary enquiries to ascertain who was responsible but as yet we only have our Police Officers’ statements to work on.’
‘And what, exactly have they been able to tell you Commissioner?’ There was now a reddish tinge to Garside’s face. He was desperate to contain his rage.
‘The gang was well organised, dressed in black with black ski masks. They were armed and only one member spoke. He appeared to be the leader. He demanded that a message be passed on.’
‘Did he now, and what was that Mr Reynolds?’Garside said raising his eyebrows.
‘That you were to stop the murder squads now, if you do not they will seek them out and stop them just as they did last night. “We will not allow innocents to be slaughtered” were his closing words.’
Garside finally exploded, ‘what bloody murder squads, what the hell is he talking about. Who the hell is this, this criminal and why has he not been dealt with?’
Henry Mason interrupted, ‘We think Sir that the escort officers that were detailed to collect the prisoner for transport to Dartmoor Prison were mistakenly thought to be an assassination squad. This group of terrorists are obviously working on flawed intelligence.’
Reynolds was surprised that his MI5 colleague was able to make such a conclusion; he had not done so although he could now see the link.
Garside was still seething but now very worried knowing that he was exposed by this breach. Mason knew that his boss would see that this group, whoever they were, knew of their clandestine activities and in fact were working on very good intelligence.
Garside turned once again to Commissioner Reynolds, ‘this terrorist group sounds very much like the group that attacked Southwark Park Containment Pen a couple of months ago. Commissioner, please explain to me why this might be’, he stood up slamming his hands on the table, his face purple with rage, ‘when you assured me that they had been dealt with.’
Reynolds was a quivering mess and tried desperately to hold himself together. ‘It must be a different group Sir, that’s all I can say but I can assure you we will catch the perpetrators of the Kings Cross attack.’ He knew he didn’t sound convincing.
‘I sincerely hope so Commissioner and quickly. You may leave us now but keep us fully informed of your progress. I will call another meeting here in one week.’
Garside concluded his remaining Cabinet business very sharply and dispersed them with exception of Henry Mason. ‘Henry, what the hell is going on here?’
‘I’m not sure yet Tony, but given the level of intelligence they appear to have and their organisation my guess is that they are renegade State Police Officers.’
‘Find them Henry and deal with them before they do anymore damage. Also, I want Reynolds taken care of; he’s of no further use to us. Find a suitable replacement then get him out of my hair. Where are we with the Centralised Data System?’
‘As I have said Tony, it will take at least two years to complete but if you want it done in one year then we have to cut back seriously on the integrity and security of it.’
‘I don’t care Henry, get it done. We need to identify all of those who have the skills and capabilities to oppose what I am trying to do here.’ 
Mason inwardly smiled at the idea that Garside believed or at least wanted others to believe that what he was doing was in some way altruistic and patriotic.
Chapter 8
The year 2036
John stirred from his memories of the job at Kings Cross eight years ago when Jason came and sat next to him. ‘How are you feeling Dad?’
‘I’m ok son, just remembering some events of the past and wondering whether I made the right choices.’
‘We know you did, and everyone we speak to believes in you Dad.’
Jason and Alex had convinced their father to continue his leadership and he decided he must show optimism, confidence and strength, not the grief and pain he felt inside. That must wait.
‘Thanks Jason, I’m really proud of you both.’ John took in a deep breath and stood tall, ‘let’s get to it boys.’ He picked up his radio and called Terry. ‘I’m going on a tour of the bases let me know which parts of the network the units are in after we meet. Where are you?’
‘EX400. I’ll wait here for you.’
John studied his coded map, Terry’s location was currently in Lambeth North; they could get there in about 20 minutes provided there were no blockages. John and his sons set out from Waterloo underground and followed the line south. As with all movement in the network, there was always a fear of what was around the next bend or waiting in the dark shadows. John had instilled caution in all of his men despite there not having been any incursions by the Stapo. He knew that sooner or later they would send a search and destroy squad down here. For the moment, they didn’t know where the revolutionaries were at any particular time and so they were extremely vulnerable in, what was for them, an alien environment. The military had considered placing explosive charges throughout the tunnel system but realised what devastation that might cause above ground as well as below so the idea was discounted. There was so much infrastructure running through the maze of tunnels and shafts; fibre optic cables, gas, electricity and water that any major demolition would be a disaster for the Overgrounders as well as for those living and hiding below. Advisors to the First Minister and his cabinet suggested pumping gas down through the tunnels but couldn’t guarantee it being contained below ground. So, for the moment, John and his men knew that the Stapo’s only option was to face their enemy head on but on their territory.
The trio steadily made their way along the shaft running between Waterloo and Lambeth North a distance of about 500 metres. They actually took 30 minutes to get there; John was, as usual, very cautious.
Terry watched the trio approach from the direction he had expected but didn’t expose his position until he was sure they had not been followed. 
‘Hello John, hi guys, over here.’
The group entered one of the meeting rooms that were established by John and his team as a command centre in the area. There were five battle groups scattered around the network. Each battle group was led by one of John’s lieutenants. Each leader was given the freedom to move their position anywhere within the geographical sector that they had been allocated. Likewise, their command post position was their choice. The coding system that identified locations outside their own sector was only known to John and his second in command. Each group therefore, only knew the codes for their own geographical domain. 
‘I’ve received the location codes for all sectors except the southern area, Derek Farson’s command.’
‘Is he usually late? When did you last have contact with him?’ John asked.
‘I sent out the request for location codes about 2 hours ago but I’ve heard nothing. I spoke to him about 12 hours ago. John, you set out the rules, no contact unless absolutely essential.’
‘Yes I know Terry, I’m not apportioning any blame here but perhaps we need to tighten up our procedures, 12 hours is too long. Where was his last known location and what was his last target?’
‘His command centre was in the deep tunnel in S400, Clapham North. I believe he was setting up his next sortie from there.’
‘Which was?’ John asked.
‘The Conpen on Clapham Common. We had intelligence that the military had been scaled down and because there were only a few inmates left who were being prepared to be shipped out to the new prison on Dartmoor, it was a prime target.’
‘What was their objective Terry?’
‘To overrun the few guards left on site, gather any weaponry that was there and then release the 20 detainees that remained. They were to be given the option of going their own way or joining Derek’s team. I believe his intention was to move underground from his command post in Clapham North to the tunnel exit at Clapham Common which gave him and his men a good jumping off point to the target.’ Terry traced the movement he described on the map laid out in front of him. 
‘When you spoke to him was he about to launch or did he give you any idea what his launch time was?’
‘No John I think it was too early and he had certainly not left his command post.’
‘So, both he and his group are still there and something is preventing communication or they started the action and something went badly wrong above ground. How quickly can we get any intel about what has happened at the conpen?’ 
‘We have some Overgrounders in the area that may be able to tell us something. I’ll be back shortly.’ Terry went above ground to make contact with supporters who could get some quick information to him. He knew of three people who had transceivers in the required location. Their radios would only be switched on if they were in a position to receive a call. At the third attempt, he was able to ask the contact for a report.
A woman’s voice came through loud and clear, ‘fortunately, I am quite close to the Conpen at the Common and I’m fairly sure there has been no incidents here. I saw some detainees being loaded into Police vehicles earlier and driven off.’ The Overgrounders took no part in any action but were simply the eyes and ears of the battle group. They performed an essential yet dangerous service.
Terry signed off and made his way back to the command post where he had left John and his sons. He conveyed to them what he had been told. 
John thought for a moment and stared at the map in front of him. ‘We need to get to Derek’s last known position quickly Terry; I have a bad feeling about this. Who is closest to S400?’
‘We are I’m afraid. The next nearest unit is yours John in the Northern sector. They’re currently resting at Goodge Street in the deep tunnel. It would take them hours to move underground to Clapham North.’
‘Nevertheless, I believe we will need them, start them moving Terry. Jason, Alex, you are to come with me; we are going to make our way there. If we use a mix of under and over ground we could be there in an hour. Terry, I would like you to coordinate everything from here. Keep my team moving from Goodge Street until you hear from me that they are not needed.’
 Ok, John, good luck.’
The trio set out at a quick pace, determined and mentally prepared for whatever might be waiting for them.
Terry initiated the auxiliary lighting on as much of the stretch of underground that was available. He thought it should get them as far as Stockwell. After that they will be in the dark or must travel above ground.
John, Jason and Alex passed The Kennington Oval platform and had made good time. The lighting was good but the air was stale and they had to stop every few hundred yards to rest their lungs, which were working very hard. They pressed on to Stockwell and eventually reached the platform entrance that gave access to the deep shelter that had been built during the Second World War to accommodate as many as 8000 people. Nearly 100 hundred years later John would have a battle group of 650 men and some of their families in there or other tunnels just like it. The whole battle group was split amongst the five sectors that needed to be frequently moved. John made a note that at some time soon he would examine its condition for possible use in the future. Right now though he must forge on to Clapham above ground. He thought they could continue underground but it would be slow without lighting. The journey up top would be risky but if they kept off the main road and utilised as many of the side streets as possible they should be ok. They could also take in some fresh air. CCTV cameras had long since been either removed or destroyed and as most criminals had been taken out of circulation the State saw little need for them except to try and identify John and his men. But whenever John’s groups hit a target it was fast, efficient and expertly planned. The cameras were always the first to go and so they were useless to the Stapo or military who had given up replacing or repairing them. 
‘When we emerge above ground boys, it’s essential that we do not engage with the Stapo. We must avoid contact so that we do not attract whole squads of them into the area. So let’s keep it low key and quiet.’
Using only the back streets of the area the trio eventually arrived at Clapham North. As they approached they were almost caught in a set of headlights. John pushed and bundled his two sons over a short garden wall and pressed them down flat. Their faces were well camouflaged and their clothes were always dark; so they easily melted into the night light. The vehicle slowly passed them by. It was a small Stapo patrol that could have been taken easily but John couldn’t risk the possibility of them raising the alarm as the area would soon be overrun by more of them. They waited until the patrol was well out of sight and proceeded to the tube station. 
The tube entrance used to be via Clapham High Street and was completely blocked off, but entry to the deep shelter was at the rear of the station. John had a good knowledge of the network layout having been briefed by Paul Cobb. He remembered what Paul had told him about almost getting himself killed trying to build an access point into the shelter stairwell. The access was out of sight of the main road so they could work unhindered. A small charge of explosives had punched a hole through the fairly thin exterior wall. When they found the internal entrance point, they discovered a very unstable spiral staircase and carefully started their descent. Within 10 metres what remained of the staircase disappeared and part of what they were standing on started to break away; they were about to step into a void. Paul almost went down with the rusted metal that was hurtling towards the bottom of the tunnel. He hung on to the bottom rail as Derek frantically tried to lift him up. They were in great danger of the remaining stairway breaking away. Paul was pulled clear and they carefully made their way back to the top. They eventually found another more secure way down and after almost 30 metres reached the shelter floor. 
John intended to follow the same route making sure he didn’t stumble on the unstable staircase. ‘Look around the wall of this building boys; you’ll see a mark left by Derek to show us where they built the entry point.’
As they carefully traversed the walls of the old building Jason was first to spot a distinctive mark that was similar to an old War Office arrow. The distinction was the initials PC and DF alongside it. The arrow pointed at a right angle to a part of the wall that had a large sheet of corrugated metal leaning against it. Jason moved the corrugated piece of rusted iron to one side and exposed the gap through the wall. Paul Cobb had skilfully created this opening. The entrance cover was cleverly designed to be inconspicuous to the casual by passer or Stapo patrol.
John and his boys entered the surface access and replaced the entrance cover. They now had to rely on torches to move down into the shelter. Lights this close to the surface may be seen. There was a dusty, acrid smell in the air that John had not experienced before in any of the network. As they slowly descended, the air became thicker with dust and it was becoming more difficult to breathe. John suddenly saw the reason why, there had been a cave in and the shelter in front of him was blocked with tons of fallen masonry and twisted steel beams. ‘Jason, see if you can find the motor house, it may still be intact. If it is get it going, we will need the air pumps and auxiliary lighting. Alex come with me, we need to see if we can hear any sounds or movement.’ John tried his transceiver but could not make contact. He and Alex approached the rock fall slowly and carefully not wanting to disturb the already precariously perched pile of twisted steel and rubble. Judge senior picked up a piece of steel and started to tap on the metal water pipes that thankfully were only seeping at the joints but largely undamaged. ‘These pipes run right through the shelter so hopefully if there’s anyone still alive they should be able to hear it.’ John was praying he was right. He listened intently for a response but there was none. ‘We will need all the help we can get to break through this lot.’ John said, looking worryingly at the task in front of them.
Thankfully the auxiliary lighting came to life; Jason had obviously found the motor house. He hoped the air pumps also worked; if anyone was still alive he would need to get some air to them somehow. Jason returned reporting that he couldn’t get the air pumps working. ‘I think they’re ok but may need one of our engineers to look at them, I just can’t get them going.’
‘Let’s hope we have enough time for that luxury, Jason. In the meantime we need to start shifting these rocks. Alex, keeping tapping the pipes and listen for a response. Jason and I will try and see if we can make a dent in this lot.’
After about 30 minutes they were making little headway although they had shifted a significant amount of rubble. John decided to go up top and speak to Terry on the radio. He left Jason and Alex who had ceased tapping on the pipes to continue moving as much as they could.
‘Terry, John here, we have a serious problem.’ John described the scene.’ I need able bodies here as soon as possible. Where are my group from the north?’
‘They’re about 30 minutes away John. Fortunately there’s no moon tonight so they have been able to travel above ground for much of the way. Apart from men what else do you need?’
‘Make sure there is an engineer in the group and if not get one to me ASAP. And Terry, we will need lots of medical equipment. I’m not sure how badly things are until we can break through. Who’s leading the group, do I know him?’ 
‘Yes John, Alan Walker, he’s been on a number of operations with us and is proving to be a good soldier.’
‘Yes, I remember, he’s a good man. We cannot afford to have an engagement and attract Stapo or military units into the area, so please get confirmation from him that he understands he is to avoid the Stapo tonight at all costs.’
‘Will do John, he’ll be with you soon.’
 John returned to see his two sons frantically lifting and pulling debris from the wall of masonry and steel work in front of them. Their fingers were bloody and they were gasping for every breath of air.
‘Stop, boys, stop, you need to rest. My battle group from the north will be here soon.’
‘We can’t stop now Dad, Alex thinks he heard a noise from the other side of the cave in.’ Jason and Alex carried on ripping out rubble piece by piece. John joined them.
Fifteen minutes later the battle group from the northern sector arrived. They had come the whole way in sections of seven. Each section covered the one in front and eventually all seventy of John’s battle group entered the shelter led by Alan Walker who was the last to enter, making sure that all of his men were where they should be
‘Hello John all of the group from their base in Goodge Street are present and correct and ready to come back under your command sir. I’ve left a section at the entrance to cover us while we’re down here.’
‘Thanks Alan’. John shook Alan’s hand warmly but gently, remembering how badly his hands had been damaged. Some of his fingers were badly distorted and the grip in his left hand was very weak. But he could handle himself and a weapon and he was totally dedicated. Nurse Janice had done a good job.
‘Do you have an engineer with you?’ John asked
‘Yes Sir’
‘Good, get him over to the pump room, Jason will show him where it is. We need to get air in here quickly. The rest of the men need to start shifting this debris and try to breakthrough. Have them rest first, they’ve come...’ John stopped when he saw that his men had not stopped, not even to sit down but had already started moving rocks. They had formed a chain and the wall was diminishing fast.
Alan smiled and went into the group to help. The air pumps suddenly started and the air got a bit clearer. John directed that a small air hose be fed into the gaps that were being created as the rubble was being removed.
John and his sons were resting at the rear of all the activity when Alan suddenly shouted out ‘quiet, quiet everyone.’ A feint tapping could be heard on the pipes, it was slow and deliberate, and someone was alive. One of the men picked a small piece of brick and tapped out an acknowledgement. The pace of the work immediately increased from frantic to furious. John with Jason and Alex piled in pulling and ripping at the debris. As small gaps in the rubble appeared so the air hoses were pushed further through. No one spoke. After several gruelling hours a small hole appeared which gave a view through to the space beyond. A bruised and dust covered face appeared in the gap. ‘Nice to see you guys, what’s been keeping you?’
John elbowed his way to the front and peered through the hole in the rubble. ‘Is that you Derek?’
‘It sure is boss. Am I glad to hear your voice.’
‘Good to hear yours too Derek, do you have any casualties?’
‘We have three men unaccounted for and I’m afraid they may have been caught under the initial cave in. I suspect you may come across them as you clear the debris away.’
‘What happened here?’
‘Don’t know John, we were consolidating here ready for the jump off to the target station at Clapham. I had tried for ages to get through but we had no reception at all so, I gave the order to move out. Suddenly there was rumbling sound, then the floor of the shelter started to shake and an almighty crack. I had already ordered the men back when the roof started to come down. I think the three who copped it were at the tail end. We started to move some debris from this side but the air was getting so thin that we had to stop.’
‘Ok Derek, we’ll get some more air through, how many men are there with you?’
‘Thirty minus three.’
‘Ok, we need to get everyone out of here before daylight, let’s get to it. But be careful, we don’t want another roof fall.’
It took about two hours of cautious and painstaking digging before there was sufficient space for Derek and his men to clamber through the gap. They had recovered the three bodies and decided that they should be buried where they fell. Three mounds of broken rock and brick marked their burial place and John led a moment of silence preceded by a short homage. ‘These brave men have lost their lives in a tragic accident but that takes nothing away from what they have already given in the fight for a just and fair society. We will not let their sacrifice be in vain.’
All of the men stood in silence for several moments. 
John turned to Alan, ‘I want you to send a section to Stockwell to see if it’s ok for us to make a base there. As soon as they get back and report it is ok we’ll move the men out.
The reconnaissance section was very quick to report that everything at Stockwell shelter was in good shape.
‘Ok, move one section at a time Alan. Derek, your men need to move in the middle of Alan’s group as a lot of your equipment is still buried so you will need some protection. As soon as everyone is underground at the Stockwell shelter, they must get a decent rest before we make the next move. We will be moving out at first light from Stockwell underground along the tunnels back to our main bases.’
Apart from the guards that had been posted the weary men laid their heads wherever they found a space and were quickly asleep. John, overwhelmed by grief for the loss of Marie, lay awake dreading the task of talking to the dead men’s families.
***
For the third time that day, John and Terry tentatively knocked on the door of a dead comrade’s family home. The woman ushered them inside with fear and trepidation written on her face. John spoke slowly and with deep sadness in his voice ‘I’m really sorry to have to tell you this Mrs Arnold we unfortunately....’ Frank Arnolds wife knew exactly what John was about to tell her. She wobbled a little then almost collapsed. John held her from falling and led her to a chair. ‘It really does grieve me greatly Mrs Arnold but I afraid Frank was killed in an accident last night when the underground tunnel he was in collapsed.’ She started to sob uncontrollably and John let that happen. She eventually quietened and took in a large breath of air and sat upright as though she was stiffening herself.
‘Did he suffer?’
‘I don’t believe so Mrs Arnold.’
‘I always knew that when he signed up that there was a risk but I supported him every step of the way.’
‘Mrs Arnold, may I call you Brenda?’
Brenda Arnold nodded and said ‘Of course John. You know; Frank spoke of you all the time; you were his hero. He always said you would lead us back to a civilised society and I believed him. Can I believe you John?’
‘Frank was a fine soldier Brenda, and I know we are winning. I can tell you that there are cracks appearing in the State’s machinery. People are questioning and challenging those that hold power and that is growing. I will not give up until no one ever has to forfeit their life fighting to gain a decent, fair and just place for their families to grow up. If there is anything you need just ask one of the store providers through the usual channels. Terry will give you all the information you need to contact them’
‘I would like to speak to your Marie I know she will be a great comfort for me. Would you ask her to come and see me?’Marie spent a lot of her time above ground with the fighter’s families and she was well known and respected.
Terry winced and looked at John, he wasn’t expecting that request and Brenda could see the expression on John’s face suddenly change. ‘What is it John, what is wrong with Marie?’
John stood up abruptly and said, ‘I’m sorry Brenda but I have to leave now Terry will stay a while and explain if that’s ok with you.’ John’s gut was twisted with grief and emotion but he said his farewell and promptly left Brenda in the company of Terry. 
Terry steeled himself to give the news to Brenda about Marie ‘Unfortunately I have to tell you that Marie was killed two days ago in an action against a Stapo patrol. 
Brenda cried again, ‘Oh no not Marie! And John has come here to tell me about my poor Frank when his own grief must be breaking his heart. Oh my God, when is this going to end?’ 
Terry comforted her and said, ‘ Brenda, I trust John, and truly believe he will deliver on his promises. Frank’s and Marie’s deaths will not have been in vain. That’s a promise.’
***
It was unusually cold in the alcove that John had settled into somewhere deep in the maze of tunnels. He wasn’t sure exactly where he was but that didn’t matter right now. He needed to be alone with his grief. His thoughts of Marie completely overwhelmed him and he was stricken with despair and anger. He lay on the makeshift bed staring up at the grey damp curved ceiling and started to drift into a shallow sleep that allowed him some respite from the desolation he felt. Floating in and out of sleep, he started to remember events following 2028. John vividly recalled the two following years; the operations the successes and the failures that brought hope and also deep sadness. His mind drifted back to that time. 
Chapter 9
The year 2029
There was no question in John’s mind that the attack on Kings Cross and the release of Ted Watson was a turning point in the path he was taking. Although the union man had subsequently died from the injuries he received from his captors, at least the murder squad set up to dispose of him were themselves eliminated. That sent a clear message to Garside and the Police State he controlled and they now knew there was a credible opposition. Garside would be rattled.
Tony Garside had called his Cabinet together and following that meeting, John later met with Graham Johns in the underground tunnel at Waterloo Station. Graham briefed John on the outcome of the Cabinet meeting and warned him that things would get very difficult.
‘Commissioner Reynolds has been assassinated John and it is being blamed on you, or at least your men’s activities. He does not know who you are, yet, but all the stops are being pulled out to get your identity. He is going on TV tonight to make an announcement and hopes that he can turn public opinion against you. The belief is that the attack on Kings Cross was carried out by some renegade Police officers, so, there is a serious witch-hunt going on throughout the force. We are being watched and some of my colleagues have been questioned by a team of people brought in from Henry Mason’s MI5 department.’
John wasn’t surprised; he fully expected a reaction from Garside. ‘How about you Graham, are you ok?’
‘Yes I’m fine, for the moment but I will have to be very careful. Once they can get the Centralised Data up and running there is a high possibility that I could be linked to you and then it will get interesting.’
‘Then we must stop that from happening; it’s long been on my list of targets and it’s overdue.’ 
‘Is that wise given the degree of heat that’s out there now?’
‘Graham I’m not going to ease off because Garside is turning up the volume. Every time we back off he wins and that cannot be allowed to happen. We will all soon be forced to operate from underground and that is when our battle will truly begin. When that happens we will be stronger and better trained, better equipped. We will disrupt his ability to govern and sooner or later he will be confronted by the people.’
‘If I am to continue to be of any use to you John then I have to cut back on these meetings because I will be watched. So, I would appreciate it if we could operate using dead letter boxes and any other covert devices for future communications. I will contact you only when I have absolutely critical information for you. Is that Ok?’
‘Of course Graham, I understand. Terry and I will sort a system out and let you know. We need you where you are but if they start to get too close then get out, come here and wait. You also need to make plans to get your family out as well because as soon as you are exposed they will be vulnerable. The team are already setting up family secure locations in the underground system and you need to be allocated a space. I am hoping that they may not be needed for a year or two yet but best to be prepared.’ 
‘Jane knows what is going on, I had to tell her. At first I thought she would hit the roof at the thought of me risking our livelihood and my life but she didn’t. She has been sickened by what is happening and wants an end to the lunatic who’s destroying this country. She will support me come what may.’
‘I’m really glad to hear that Graham. Give her sufficient information for her to get to safety in the event it turns nasty for you. As to business, I need to know whether the Central Information Office has a back up for the data they are compiling. I know enough about the main system and what it consists of so we can take that out without too much bother. But I can’t risk them retrieving the data from a backup when they lose the main system. So, do they have one or more backups and where are they?’
 ‘I should be able to get that info for you by tomorrow evening. I’ll meet you here for the last time. After that I trust we will have an alternative comms system up and running by then.’
‘Yes Graham, we’ll have something in place. Be careful.’
The two men parted company; Graham went up into the main station and John proceeded south along the tunnel to meet up with Terry at Lambeth North.

24 hours earlier
James Reynolds was enjoying his evening walk as he did each day after work. Being the Police Commissioner tended to involve a full on round of meetings dinners and paperwork but he found solace in the evening walks; they took his mind away from the pressures of his job. He had a big responsibility and was proud of what he had achieved in his life – up until recently; now he wasn’t so sure. His years of policing gave him a sixth sense, a nose, an ability to read signs that would lead him to a conclusion. That intuition told him he was in danger. He, of course, knew why; Garside was a madman, a complete megalomaniac who was paranoid about any form of opposition and since the Cabinet had concluded that the rebels were from within the Police Force, James Reynolds was in the firing line. He was sure that he would be forced to resign and take an early retirement package and whilst he was still relatively young, he secretly looked forward to it. Of course, he had many regrets, the Containment Pens particularly. They were his idea but whilst they worked at first, instilling order from the mayhem that accompanied the riots, now they were being misused. They were out of control and even law-abiding citizens were being picked up and thrown into them without trial or justifiable cause. Often the only “offence” that had been committed was one that the State had decided was anti social. Then there were the “specialist” units made up of men selected for their particular skills and character. Reynolds knew exactly what they were about and regretted turning a blind eye to their formation.
It was as this thought crossed his mind that a black car slowly drove past him and stopped some 50 yards in front. The passenger door swung open and a man clad all in black with a ski mask to match stepped out pointing a Glock machine pistol at the Commissioner. Reynolds was bewildered, dumbstruck and tried to speak as the bullets ripped into his body. He was dead before he had come to rest on the ground. The gunman quickly got back into the car, which sped off into the night. 

24 hours later
‘We’re ready to roll, First Minister,’ the TV producer announced. Tony Garside had finished being groomed by the make-up people. He was now significantly greyer than when he first appeared before his public and his confident air had been replaced by the arrogance of a man with almost total power at his fingertips. He stood up to his full height, straightened his tie and inspected his hair, slowly smoothing out any single hair that had become a stray and then walked to his office a short distance away. 
In his office, the TV lights shone and he took up his position behind the large oak desk with leather inlay that he had especially imported from America. One final touch up of powder from the make-up girl and he was ready to go. 
Garside sat in front of the camera and massaged his face to show his sad and grieving mask, one of the many he now had in his repertoire.
The producer gave him the green light.
“Good evening. It is with deep sadness that I have to inform you that our Police Commissioner, James Reynolds, was assassinated last night. He was taking an evening stroll after a hard day’s work when he was shot several times and died instantly. We believe this heinous crime was carried out by the same terrorists that shot and killed four Police Officers at Kings Cross Police Station. A witness has come forward and confirmed that those that carried out this cowardly act wore the same black clothing and distinctive masks that were previously reported in other incidents. I promise this my friends they will not escape justice; they will be caught and will face the full rigours of the law.
I knew Commissioner Reynolds personally and he was a good man, dedicated to helping me make this country a safe place in which to live and work. He was instrumental in helping me clean up our streets from the riots and anti social behaviour that bedevilled us. It is ironic that he has now fallen victim to the criminals that he worked so hard to eradicate from our communities. His tireless endeavours will not go unrewarded. We cannot allow mindless violence to go unpunished so I urge you to give your local police every assistance in capturing these criminals.
Please inform your local police if you have any information that will help clear our streets of these terrorist gangs. They are a danger to our democracy and all that we hold dear in our society. As long as they remain free, you are not safe.
Thank you, goodnight and God bless you all” 

Garside allowed the TV men to clear up and leave and then poured himself a double measure of his favourite malt Scotch. He waited for Henry Mason to appear. He’d been instructed to get some feedback from the street about how his broadcast had been received. Henry had collated a number of reports and they weren’t good. The bottom line was that Garside now lacked credibility and talk of a safe place to live and work didn’t stand up to scrutiny. ‘All that we hold dear in our society indeed,’ he thought with some sarcasm. People were generally fed up with the broken promises, long working hours and lack of State protection against exploitative bosses. Mason was however, reluctant to give his boss the truth as he was certain he would go into another of his rages, which were becoming more frequent. He decided to tone down his report and colour it slightly.
Mason walked into Garside’s office and helped himself to a Scotch. ‘Well done Tony, I think you came across very well and from what I am told the speech was very well received. I believe we may well get one or two leads from the general public as a result.’ They chinked glasses and gulped down a mouthful of the Scottish nectar.
‘What about the squad that carried out this little chore for us Henry, are they secure?’
‘Absolutely, one hundred percent. They want to find the people responsible for the murder of their colleagues as much as we do.’ Mason knew it was more likely they were worried that they might be next.
‘Good, good, let’s hope we catch up with them soon. I don’t want any more distractions.’
Henry Mason was not a stupid man, he knew that they had not heard or seen the last of this group, whoever they were.
***
Terry Bayliss laid out his plan on how he would disable or rather destroy the CIO data store. John agreed the plan and started to identify who would be in the battle group. He was still employed as a security guard at the CIO and could not be the lead on this occasion; his voice would be recognised by the other security men so, Terry would lead the team. John would lead a second team to the back-up location once it was established where it was. If there was a third back-up system then Derek Farson would take that on. It was essential that all systems that were being used for the centralised data integration were neutralised at the same time. John gave Terry chapter and verse on the layout of the Central Information Office; best entry and exit points; escape routes, alarm systems and how many guards they would face. Fortunately, the State had chosen not to arm the security team. The security layout process was gone over in minute detail 
John waited patiently at Waterloo underground for Graham to provide the information he needed to complete the plan. He watched him approach with more caution than he would normally take. He emerged from the shadows and greeted his friend. ‘Hi Graham, are you alright?’
‘Yes I’m fine John but getting here was difficult, I think I was followed but managed to lose them. I need to leave by a different entrance. Ok if I use Lambeth North?’
‘No problem, we’ll go there together now and you can tell me what you’ve managed to find out on the way.’
They started their walk through the dimly lit tunnel that connected Waterloo to Lambeth North. Graham was clearly apprehensive about the possibility that he may have been discovered. His mind raced with questions, ‘were the Stapo undercover men following him because they had discovered his connection to John or was it just part of the general purge that put everyone under suspicion?’ John sensed his friend’s discomfort and said ‘have you considered that you may not have been followed at all Graham?’
‘Yes, I suppose I could be being a bit paranoid. Since Reynolds’s death and the new Commissioner being appointed everyone is a tad jumpy.’ They walked on briskly. Graham began his summary of what he had found. ‘There is only one back-up system for the Central data base. Ordinarily there would be at least three and I am told there would be storage in a specially developed “cloud”. Don’t ask me what that means I’m no techie and I guess it doesn’t matter anyway. More importantly, the general expert opinion was that it would take at least two years to fully integrate the data and ensure back-up capability. Garside was adamant that it had to be done in one year and so short cuts were forced to the scope of the project. What that meant was only one back-up storage and fairly flaky data integrity. If their plans continue to completion they will have some capability of the sought we feared but there will be a lot of mistakes and lots of innocent people will be targeted due to the bad data.’
‘We can’t let that happen Graham. Where is this back-up system and what sort of security does it have?’
‘It’s in a large area underneath the Crown Court at Southwark. Holding cells and storage rooms have apparently been cleared out to make way for the back-up computer equipment. It has been double skinned because it is below the Thames water line and was at risk of flooding. Millions of pounds of computer hardware have been installed and it currently has a copy of everything that the CIO has written on to its system. All the work though is done by the CIO main office. They just pipe down their updates each day. The system under the Crown Court just carries on whirring away without any need for intervention. There is a small team of geeks who ensure that the machine is well oiled and running ok. Presently, the data is uncoordinated so the machines are just sucking in information as it’s received. The integration process is yet to be tackled and is what will take time.’
‘Do you know how far away they are from bringing it all together? What do they have to work with at the moment?’
‘At the moment, almost everything John. If you have ever entered your details into a computer or filled in a form, which could be transcribed into a computer, then they have it. Medical records, bank details including on line financial transactions, education history and criminal records. They also have details from the Electoral Register, your car insurance and DVLA data. They are waiting for military records to be input, which is a massive task and thankfully, they are a long way off welding this all together. Even the estimate of two years was optimistic so achieving this in one year is almost impossible. But they will have something even if it is a bit rough around the edges.’
‘We will need to do a thorough search of the Crown Court building and its surroundings before I give the green light. But I intend to put a stop to this within the next four days.’
They reached Lambeth North and Graham made his way to the surface. John bade him farewell, ‘keep your head down and be seen as much as possible in your workplace, especially when we hit the targets.’
‘Sure will John, good luck.’ Graham disappeared into the over ground.
***
Terry and his team headed across the river following the old Jubilee tunnel through to Westminster. It was midnight and when they exited the station, he knew there was a short over ground run to the target area. ‘Not much moonlight’ he thought thankfully. He had twenty fully armed men that would split up into two groups once they entered the CIO offices in Great George Street. Terry’s team were to secure the target and ensure all personnel were locked away, alarms disabled and the external perimeter well guarded. The other group lead by Alan walker would seek out the computer servers and infrastructure and set about destroying them. Paul Cobb had provided him with a number of small explosive charges that would do the job.
Terry waited for his watch to tell him it was 0030 hours and time to hit the target.
John, in the meantime had made his way south and then east along the Jubilee line to London Bridge, where he and his group of ten armed men waited at the jump off point for the appointed hour. They lay in the shadows and shrubbery that surrounded the Crown Court building in their black garments and ski masks completely blending in with the darkness that surrounded the Thames River. 
‘Go, go, go,’ Terry and John simultaneously commanded. Both groups entered their target areas and set about completing the job they had rigorously planned.
Terry had the more complex task of disabling the security guards. He knew from John’s briefing where they would be at this hour but there was a risk that they would not be together. His team had been split into three groups and came into the target from different directions. Alan Walker had been told to wait until the guards were disabled and under control. The entrance area was dimly lit with just sufficient lighting for security purposes. There was six guards on the shift this night and he was able to identify were four of them were. He needed to find the other two before he could bring in Alan. As he was about to edge forward towards the guards’ office, a security guard emerged from a corridor on the left. Terry quickly stepped out and held his gun firmly under the guard’s chin. ‘Keep absolutely quiet and I promise you will not be hurt, grunt if you understand me.’ The guard threw his hands in the air and made several grunts.
‘Lay down on the floor and with your hands visible.’ Terry gave a signal to his men who quickly bound the guard. Before a gag was put into place Terry kneeled down beside him and spoke quietly in his ear, ‘I can see your chums in their office, where are the others? Answer me very quietly.’
The guard trembled and whispered ‘there are no others, Frank phoned in sick so there’s only five of us.’
Terry nodded to the men to finish gagging him. He gave a signal to his team who quickly descended on the guards’ office. One of the guards reacted very quickly and reached for a panic button on the desk. Terry slammed the butt of his weapon into the man’s jaw and sent him sprawling to the ground. It was too late, the alarm was deafening.
He reached over to one of the still conscious guards and grabbed him by his blue tie, ‘where is the control box for the alarm and you had better be quick?’
The guard, trembling, pointed to a wooden closet door in the corner of the room. Terry shouted ‘get that noise off now and get the other group in’. The alarm was quickly disabled but Terry was unsure whether they had been quick enough. He pointed to five of his men and instructed them to take up sentry positions at the entrance points. Two other men bound and gagged the guards. Alan Walker and his team raced down to the computer server area and were fully aware of how much quicker they needed to work. The alarm could attract Stapo within minutes. They placed their explosive charges in as many machines that appeared to be of significant size. Alan instructed his men, ‘reduce the detonation time to 5 minutes and move out as soon as you have done that.’ He was certain that the combined blast would probably destroy every machine in the building. They carried out their task with quiet efficiency and then made their way back to the exit points. Alan joined up with Terry’s group and whispered that there was only 3 minutes left. Guards at the exit points gave the thumbs up and so both teams could make a quick exit back to Westminster station. Within seconds of them reaching their underground escape route several loud thuds of the explosive charges could be heard together with the sound of police vehicle sirens. 
John and his team had not experienced any hitches in the operation at the Crown Court building. There were no guards, just two computer service engineers who offered no resistance. Two of John’s men escorted the frightened computer men outside of the building as John was concerned that what they were about to do may bring the building down. Paul, the explosives expert carefully examined the walls in the cellars that housed the very expensive computer systems and infrastructure. He concluded that if he placed his charges at certain points he could rupture the containment walls and flood the whole place out. Just to make sure he carefully placed small devices in each of the large machines.
On John’s signal, detonators were set and the group made their way back to their getaway underground. The loud thump he could hear as they entered London Bridge station told him it had gone to plan. Paul Cobb held his finger to his ear as if to say ‘listen’, the loud bang was followed by several smaller thuds. Paul smiled at John and gave him a thumbs up. They descended underground as the Police vehicle sirens became louder.
***
 Mark Slattery had considered himself very lucky falling into the top job as Commissioner of Police. Obviously, he was sad that the death of James Reynolds, his predecessor, had produced the opening. He had initially thought it a bit odd that within 12 hours of Reynolds’s demise he had been told to take up the reigns but dismissed the questions in his mind quickly, ‘never kick a gift horse’ he thought. Now he had an important job to do and wanted to impress his new masters. The phone at his home rang disturbing his reflections; he picked up the telephone, ‘Commissioner Slattery here’ he said with a little more pomp than usual. 
‘DS Walters here Sir, I’m afraid we have a major incident. Last night the Central Information Office was attacked. All of the computer systems and files were destroyed. One of the guards was injured when he tried to raise the alarm and has been hospitalised. Thankfully his injuries are not life threatening...’
Slattery spluttered, ‘what... how could... do we know who was responsible and have we apprehended the culprits?’
‘No we do not sir and they have not been apprehended yet but we believe it is the same group that attacked Kings Cross police station and possibly those responsible for the death of Commissioner Reynolds.’
‘I’ll be right over Detective Superintendant, have a full briefing ready for when I arrive.’
‘I’m afraid it’s not all there is Commissioner, an attack took place simultaneously at what we believe was a back up storage system at the Crown Court in Southwark. That was destroyed also.’
‘My God, DS do you realise how my first briefing to First Minister Garside is going to go down? Just get my briefing ready, I believe it won’t be long before I am summoned to Downing Street.’
***
Slattery got the call he expected, it wasn’t pleasant. Garside had already been given the news and he was enraged. The new Commissioner did not fully understand the relationship between Henry Mason and their mutual boss but was alert to the fact that Mason had the First Minister’s ear. 
During the briefing by DS Walters, Slattery asked, a little naively, ‘We do not know who was responsible but do we know why they would attack these particular locations?’
Frank Walters had been around the block and knew exactly why the targets had been selected. ‘We know there is an ongoing operation to integrate information that is held in different systems on every citizen in the country. The State believes that it will provide help where it is most needed in targeting aid, employment, health and education.’
‘That sounds laudable to me Frank, why on earth would anyone want to prevent that?’
The experienced DS was faintly embarrassed by his new boss’s naivety. ‘As you know, Sir, the Data Protection Act was taken off the statute books some time ago and so it has allowed this data integration. The group responsible for the attacks clearly believe it is a further threat to freedom and democracy and may be used to target them. I can’t think of another reason for it. It also fits in with the previous incidents that we can attribute to them.’
The Commissioner realising his lack of savvy, cleared his throat, ‘Ok DS what do I take to the First Minister?’
The full report threw no new light on the insurgent group except that now there appeared to be more of them and they were very well organised.
The Commissioner arrived at Downing Street with great trepidation.
Garside was furious. He shouted, spluttered, thumped the desk and generally berated everyone involved with security. ‘I want these people found and put out of action Commissioner. I am holding you personally responsible for seeing to it that they are identified, caught and dealt with appropriately. Do I make myself clear Mr Slattery?’
‘Yes indeed Sir, my force is working flat out on it.’
‘I sincerely hope so Commissioner, I’ve already had one Chief of Police demonstrate that he wasn’t up to the job.’
Mark Slattery was shocked by the slur against his deceased predecessor and it worried him greatly as he returned to his office. 
In the privacy of his office, Garside turned to Mason, ‘how far has this set us back Henry and who the hell is behind it?’
‘It’s devastating, Tony, not only has the backup been destroyed the source data will have to be re-collected and the whole process started from scratch. I cannot predict how long that might take but we have a team working on it right now. As to who; we still think it’s a group of renegade police. They have too much inside information for it not to be.’
‘Find them Henry, bloody well find them.’
***
John Judge was pleased with the operation. At least for now there would be no State manipulation of individual’s personal data. More importantly, there was an added element of security for him and his group. He decided he should go into work as usual for his normal shift. He arrived at the steps of the CIO and saw the devastation, the place was a mess. He showed his pass to the police at the entrance and was told to report to the security office. He walked in, ‘what the hell has happened here?’ he said looking around with a shocked expression.
The investigating officer explained what had happened, asked him a few routine questions and said ‘do you have any idea who might have done this? Anyone been hanging around acting in any way suspicious?’
John paused and tried to act as normal as one would in this situation. ‘No officer, I can’t think why anyone would do this and I’m not aware of any unusual activity.’
The police officer appeared relaxed with John’s answers ‘I suggest you go home until we’re cleared up here.’ 
‘I’d like to go to the hospital and see my colleague; do you know which hospital he was taken to?’ 
The officer told him where they had taken him and asked John to wish him well. He left, regretting the injury to his work colleague but knew that Terry had little choice.
John spoke with his injured work colleague in the hospital. He knew little of what had happened as he had been knocked unconscious as soon as he set the alarm off. From what he saw and what he was told, he was impressed with the efficiency of the attack. ‘These guys were pros John, I’ve no doubt about it and I don’t think we’ve seen the last of them. My head hurts like hell but they could have killed me so I feel a bit lucky.’
John engaged in the conversation. ‘It seems odd that they only wanted to destroy the computer systems. Why on earth do you think they wanted to do that?’
‘Well, between you and me and I mean strictly between you and me, they must have found out what was happening at the CIO. Data on everybody was being collected and integrated into one system so that the Government could identify everything about everyone at the push of a button.’ He lowered his voice and looked furtively around to ensure no one was listening. Beckoning John to come closer he said, ‘despite the bump on my head John I’m glad they did destroy that stuff, what this government is trying to do is frightening the hell out of me.’
John responded equally cautiously, ‘we have to stop calling it a government my friend because that is not what it is. Perhaps this revolutionary group, whoever they are, will do what has to be done. We have to believe that things will get better. John put his hand on his colleague’s shoulder, ‘get some rest Jack and we’ll see you back at work soon eh?’
He left the hospital feeling that support for what he was doing was growing.
 
Chapter 10
2030
John and his team continued hitting Conpens and Stapo patrols. Several banks had been cleaned out and yet John did not feel he was hitting hard enough. His fighting group had grown considerably which meant he had sufficient forces to do much more. He wanted to start hitting Garside where it hurt most, which was his credibility with the business community, especially those from overseas who saw the UK as an easy way to make a fast buck. His dilemma was that in hitting the economy he would also jeopardise jobs. He decided that investment bankers, stock dealers and foreign owned utilities who just imported what they sold in the UK at inflated prices with little employment involved would be his main targets. His plan was to “lift” some key figures, frighten the life out of them and encourage them to abandon Garside. John called a meeting with Terry and left a signal for Graham to join them. He thought that if his plan worked the best outcome could be a better deal for the people employed, less greed and corruption.
Graham Johns walked his usual route to work and saw the bent nail innocuously placed in the tree just above head height. Essentially, it could have been what remained of a poster or advertising leaflet but Graham knew differently. He made a point of noticing it every time he passed by and it was always in an upright position. It was at right angles on this occasion and meant that he needed to attend an emergency meeting.
‘So, what do you think?’John outlined his plan; Graham and Terry listened intently.
‘You’re serious? You want to kidnap some major captains of industry, scare the shit out of them and hope that they will drop their support for Garside!’ Terry asked incredulously.
‘You got a better idea? Garside is still running the country, we continue to live in a Police State, individuals are disappearing and we see our communities suffering on a daily basis. So I must question whether what we are doing is working. If you can offer an answer Terry I would be grateful.’ John was indeed serious. 
‘You’re right John I don’t have a better answer but I’m unsure that your plan will have the desired effect.’
‘What about you Graham?’
‘I know Garside would be spitting mad at his meal tickets being frightened off and maybe, just maybe it might force him to consider what he is doing. On the other hand it could enrage him so much that he over-reacts and does something stupid.’
‘Like what? Terry asked.
‘Call a crisis meeting; declare a state of emergency, dusk till dawn curfew and the worst scenario he could hand over the control of law and order to the army.’
John responded, ‘to a point I think you’re right Graham but handing over to the military and imposing curfews may well scare off his source of income even quicker than we could. That may be just what we want; let him be his own undoing. However, if the military took control it would make our objective virtually impossible.’
They discussed the proposal at length and the trio agreed to establish a set of targets putting forward the outline of a plan.
As Graham was about to leave John said to him, ‘I need the addresses of the five politicians who were removed from the cabinet; I want to contact them. I’m hoping that they have the guts to help us form a new interim government when the time comes. This time it really will be an interim government and we will see to it that they put our democracy back together again.’
Graham was quick to provide the information required by John and they discussed the five ex Cabinet member’s current individual situations. Alex Carrington had retired to the country and as far as was known he was not active in any sphere. William Boyce had returned to banking and by all accounts was back in favour with Garside. Edward Grainger had left the country and his whereabouts were unknown. Timothy Harcourt was living on his farm in Oxfordshire and finally, Gregory Harper had retreated to his apartment in Kensington Park Gardens and believed to be a virtual recluse. He was very rarely seen, has his shopping delivered and if he does go out it’s at night.
‘I believe we should pay a visit to Mr Harper as our first port of call,’ John announced. ‘I just have a feeling that he may be the most productive. Then to a day on the farm with Mr Harcourt. No point in attempting to contact Grainger unless he decides to return to this country and as far as Boyce is concerned, it would seem likely that he is back in Garside’s pocket. We need Carrington’s address to give us three possible political allies, which just may be enough to generate some political energy against Garside, if we can get them on our side.’
The group spent a considerable time debating how they would approach this task. John was in favour of going in under cover of darkness and escorting Mr Harper to the nearest underground station, which would be Notting Hill Gate. There were three routes in the interchange that gave them options for an escape in the event they needed it. As the target lived alone it was probably easier to speak to him at his home but the risk was that he could resist, kick up a fuss and have neighbours alert the authorities. John believed he needed uninterrupted time to tell him what they were about and why they wanted his help. If he were right about how he thought this ex politician felt about the way he had been treated then he knew there would be little persuading to do. John decided to take the risk and speak to Gregory Harper at his home. They would get their team together and carry out the task tomorrow night.
***
After a thorough briefing, John, Terry and a team of twelve of the more experienced men made their way south from Goodge Street to Tottenham Court Road where they met up with the Central Line. They headed west to Notting Hill Gate, which was their jump off point. They had about one quarter mile above ground to reach the cover of Ladbroke Square Gardens that, were directly opposite the target address. Once under cover, the target’s house was observed. Ten of the men led by Alan Walker remained under cover in the gardens covering both entrances to Kensington Park Gardens whilst John and Terry approached Harper’s apartment. Terry disabled the outer door lock and they remained unmasked until they entered the foyer of the building and reached the apartment door. John was certain that a recluse would not be expecting anyone to knock at his door so a forced entry was essential. Quietly and expertly Terry sprang the door open. Both men now fully masked and armed rushed into the apartment. Gregory Harper was initially stunned by this sudden intrusion of two very threatening individuals but oddly he calmed down very quickly.
‘I know who you are, you’re the people who have been causing mayhem and grief for Garside aren’t you?’ he said incredulously
‘Just sit down and remain calm Mr Harper, we mean you no harm and I promise we will leave after you have heard what we have to say.’
‘What the hell do you want from me? I’ve got nothing I can give you and believe me gents if I could support you in what you’re doing and help bring that bastard Garside and his cronies down then you could walk away with it now.’ 
Gregory Harper was younger than John had expected. ‘Mr Harper, we know that you were removed from office, we don’t know why and we don’t really care. What does matter is that we have to start preparing an alternative government to what is in place at the moment. From what you have just said I think you have already answered my question. If you really want to help then we are going to need political expertise and a will to carry out that responsibility.’
‘I hate being called Gregory, please its Greg. So, gentlemen, what can I do? I am persona non grata in every political walk of life, which is why I have chosen a fairly frugal and reclusive existence. I have no power anymore, Garside saw to that.’
‘First of all you can tell us who of the other four who were ousted from office have similar views to you and would be willing to come underground and start to put in place a plan that will return us to democracy. Are there other politicians who are similarly dissatisfied with what is happening who could help put this plan together?’
Greg thought for a moment ‘I guess all of them with exception of Boyce who I believe is back raking in money from his banking activities. As to others still politically active, I would need to think hard about that. The fact remains that if they are politically active then they will be doing Garside’s bidding. At the end of the day it’s about trust and honesty. We lost the meaning of those two basics long ago. So, where do go from here?’
‘If you agree to join us then you will be expected to live underground with members of our fighting group. You would be provided with an office, which I hope, when you have a team together, will eventually become the interim government offices. You will be protected, provisioned and have the full support of our medical staff. There are communication facilities in place which will enable you to put together a team and a viable plan.’
‘My word, you guys are even more organised than I’ve heard you were on the grape vine. Do you want me to come with you now?’
‘No Greg, I’d like you to spend the next couple of months sorting out your affairs here and also thinking carefully about what you are letting yourself in for. It is not going to be easy and will take time. I would also want you to make contact with any of your ex colleagues who you believe are sympathetic to what we are doing. Be careful though, the State will be watchful of any signs of an opposition forming. I would advise that you do not change your current lifestyle too quickly; it will be noticed. When we’re ready you will be contacted. At that time you should go to Waterloo Station where you will be escorted underground; that’s of course if you don’t have second thoughts.’
‘Don’t worry, I won’t have second thoughts, I’ve been praying for some time that someone like you would turn up. Bye the way, what do I call you?’
‘My name isn’t important at the moment but we will be properly introduced in due course. I will visit you again soon.’
John and Terry left as they arrived, quietly and quickly. They kept their masks on as they crossed the road towards the waiting escort troop. Alan gave his command for the team to form up and make their way to Notting Hill Gate Station.
Greg watched from his window. He saw his two visitors cross the road, mingle with several other shadowy figures and then merge into the darkness of the night. They were gone as quickly as they had arrived. For the first time in many months, Gregory Harper was hopeful. His heart went into his mouth as he saw a large Stapo patrol turn the corner into Ladbroke Square. He was helpless and saw that the men whom he had just spoken to were in grave danger.
John spotted the patrol just as Alan’s lead section emerged from the park shadows. A spotlight lit up the part of the patrol that had already broken their cover. ‘Stop right where you are and drop your weapons’ a voice commanded from the lead of two vehicles. Police officers started to scramble out and take up offensive positions.
John signalled to the remainder of the section to move to the rear of the park under cover and take up positions behind the Stapo vehicles. They had stealthily assumed a line behind the police who were intensely focussed on their targets to the front. The lead police officer was shouting commands to the three men who they had exposed. ‘Lie down on the ground and put your hands on your head.’ The three stayed perfectly still and remained upright with their weapons laid on the ground beside them. They knew they needed to gain some time for their comrades to act. That time was now enough.
The police patrol was shocked to hear John’s voice from the rear ‘Do not turn around or fire your weapons. My men have each one of you in their sights and will shoot if you do not do exactly as you are told.’
The three being held up retrieved their weapons as soon as it was clear that this patrol were not prepared to take the risk of an all out fire fight.
‘Lay down your weapons now, put your hands on your head and move away from your vehicles. Lay face down on the pavement’ 
‘Take no notice men, open fire.’ The patrol leader commanded, no one moved. ‘I command you, open fire.’
John fired one shot at the patrol leader’s lower half hitting him below his left knee. He screamed in pain and sank to the ground ‘I can assure you officer we have no intention of  seriously harming you but if you insist on a fire fight then my men will oblige. The patrol Leader writhed and moaned on the ground holding his wounded leg.’ The patrol did as they were told. John directed his next command to his men. ‘Destroy the vehicle radios, collect their weapons and remove the ignition keys, then move out.’
The episode was watched throughout by Greg Harper and he was greatly impressed. ‘Garside’s met his match at last’ he thought gleefully. 
***
The section returned to base via the underground route they taken to get to the target and all were unscathed. There was an air of excitement as each discussed the events of the operation which John was about to quash.
‘Quiet! Do not think for one minute that what happened tonight was good. It wasn’t. We were not only compromised and could have got into a serious exchange with, without doubt, loss of life but we have also compromised our target. When the Stapo analyse what we were doing in that area it will not be long before they realise that there is a connection between Mr Harper and us. So now, we have to extract him before the Stapo get to him. I want no celebration; we earned no bragging rights tonight and all we can be pleased about is that no one was killed. In short, we were careless. So, remember we will not always be so lucky. Now get some rest and think about how we are going to extract Mr Harper.’ The group could see the anger in John’s face.
John, Terry and Alan moved to a quiet area of the tunnel. ‘What do you guys think? How big a risk would it be to get him before the Stapo put two and two together?’ John asked.
Terry responded ‘it’s going to be risky simply because we have to act quickly and I guess we cannot leave it beyond tomorrow night.’
As Alan was about to speak, two men from his section approached the trio. ‘Sorry to interrupt Sir but Brendon and I have an idea about picking up Mr Harper that we would like to talk to you about.’
‘What’s your name son? John asked.
‘Kenny, Sir. I joined you...’
‘Yes I know when you joined us,’ John said suddenly remembering, ‘it was Southwark Park Conpen. I remember it well. You had a chance to leave but you decided to stay with us. I’m glad that you did son. Ok Kenny, let’s hear what you two have in mind.’
‘Well Sir, neither Brendon nor I are known to the Stapo so we can go above ground with little chance of the Staps picking us up especially during the day. We think that if we go early tomorrow morning before the Police have had a chance to respond to what happened tonight then we have a good chance of getting him quietly into the network at Notting Hill Gate.’ Kenny stopped and waited, looking nervously into the faces of his Commanders. There was an uncomfortable silence while John mulled over the proposal.
‘Kenny, Brendon, I believe that may just work, well done. But I need to consider what sort of risk I would be asking you to take, especially if the Stapo have already sussed the situation out and are waiting for us to return. Come back and see us in one hour and we will let you know.’ John was certainly impressed with the two young men’s initiative. ‘What do you think guys is it feasible?’
Alan was first to speak ‘I believe it could work and I don’t think the Stapo will have reacted so quickly. If we wait until tomorrow night there’s every likelihood that they will be ready for us.’
Terry was quick to agree with Alan, ‘I wonder if there is any way we could provide them with some cover. How about we get Mal Adams involved? If Mal can provide a van we could have an armed section that would shadow them when they are near the target. First sign of trouble we lift them out.’
‘It’s a good idea Terry but I don’t want to risk an open confrontation in broad day light. I believe we have to let them have their heads on this one. It’s a risk I know but I think if they go early then there’s every chance of success. I’m sure we’ll be able to provide some background cover though. Let’s get them into the planning office and go through the detail.’ 
A large street plan of London was spread out on the table as the two volunteers entered. John said ‘I’m going to let you run with your idea boys. There will be no short cuts and you are to follow my instructions to the letter. Is that understood?’
Kenny and Brendon both answered in unison, ‘yes Sir.’
‘You will both travel just like every other commuter in the morning - no Underground. I want you to look the part, so suits, shirts and ties and carry a newspaper. The public transport will take you to the top of Ladbroke Grove. That is where you will get off. When you reach Kensington Park Gardens make sure there is no Stapo activity. If there is then abort the operation and return via Notting Hill Gate underground. Only one of you is to enter the apartment, that will be Kenny. Brendon, you must find an adjacent park bench and observe. You will be wired so that there will be emergency communication. A section of men will be positioned at Notting Hill Gate, above ground but out of sight inside the entrance. A similar sized section will also be based at Holland Park Underground. Both sections will only show themselves if the operation is compromised. It is essential that when we have Mr Harper under our control he is to be moved smoothly and swiftly to Notting Hill Gate. Getting his agreement to come with you as a matter of urgency may need him to be convinced. Kenny, you are to remind him of what happened tonight and that we fear he may now be a target. I noted a small ornament on his mantelpiece last night and I doubt that anyone would know of it unless they had been there. Do not give him my name but just that your commander knows that he has a small porcelain ornament of a tiger on his mantelpiece. That should convince him that you are there on my behalf. Is this clear so far?’
Both men confirmed their understanding.
John continued. ‘Our target may wish to bring changes of clothes with him and possibly items of personal value. You must not allow him to leave that apartment with anything that would indicate he might be going away. Assure him that we will provide him with all that he needs and that over time we will recover his personal items. Members of our team will discreetly watch his apartment. Go now and prepare yourselves for tomorrow and good luck.’
John turned to Terry and Alan. ‘Get the backup crews ready and into position. Alan, take your section to Holland Park. Terry, have Paul Cobb lead the section at Notting Hill Gate. You and I have to get to the other ex Cabinet members where we can and go through the same process. I am certain that Garside, with a lot of help from Mason’s MI5, will eventually figure out what it is we are trying to do. I am told that Carrington is living in Buckinghamshire and we have the address of the Oxfordshire farm that Harcourt has.’ The two leaders spent the next few hours planning their approach.
***
Kenny and his colleague Brendon looked the part as they waded through the throngs of commuter traffic. There was more police standing around now, all of them heavily armed and wearing futuristic uniforms and body armour, occasionally cocking their head to one side to speak furtively into a microphone attached to the black helmet they wore. Stapo vehicles frequently patrolled the streets, which exaggerated the already threatening atmosphere. People kept their heads down and went about their business secretly hoping they would not be stopped and questioned. The two young men followed the herd and blended in very well. They joined a long queue for a bus, which was now an accepted part of London life; everyone allowed at least an extra hour for their journey to work. 
Kenny and Brendon left the bus at the corner of Ladbroke Grove and discreetly scanned the area for signs of Stapo activity, there was none. ‘You go on ahead and park yourself on a bench close to the apartment; I’ll follow on in about 5 minutes.’ Kenny instructed. Brendon marched briskly along the Grove and then turned into the gardens adjacent to Kensington Park and after finding a park bench with a good view of the target’s apartment he sat himself down and gave the impression of a local office worker having a morning break.
Meanwhile Kenny had now entered the apartment block and rang the bell belonging to Gregory Harper. There was no reply so he rang it again. This time a small gap opened and voice asked ‘who are you, what do you want?’
Kenny decided he needed to get straight to the point. ‘My Commander told me that you have small porcelain figure of a tiger on your mantelpiece. I need to talk to you urgently Mr Harper.’
The door swung open ‘come in, come in,’ Gregory said looking furtively over Kenny’s shoulder as he ushered him into the apartment. ‘That was quite a show you guys put on last night young man, I am impressed.’
‘Mr Harper I am here to escort you to our base and we have to move as quickly as possible Sir. Unfortunately, the contact with the police last night was not intended and my Commander is absolutely certain that the authorities will deduce that our presence in this area was not just for a stroll in the park, that we were in fact here to speak to you. Therefore, it is imperative that you come with me right away sir. When we get you back to base you will be safe but as long as stay here you are in grave danger.’
‘I understand what you’re saying young man but I would need to do some packing and collect important papers.’
‘I’m sorry sir but my instructions are that we leave immediately. You can be assured that everything you need will be provided at the base. We will collect your personal effects when we are sure the authorities are not here and it is safe to do so.’
‘Come on then young fella; let’s get this show on the road. I have no idea what road but I’ll leave that to you.’ Harper reached out, grabbed the small porcelain tiger figure from the mantelpiece, and put it in his pocket. He winked at Kenny and locked the apartment door behind them as they left.
Brendan saw the two figures leave the apartment front entrance and immediately made his way to Holland Park station as instructed. Harper and his escort started out towards Notting Hill Gate Station. Harper didn’t know where he was going but wanted to walk quickly. ‘Slow down sir, we don’t want to attract any undue attention.’
Within five minutes the station came into view. Kenny carefully examined the area before he gave away his directional intention and when he was satisfied that it was safe he marched briskly across the road to the entrance. Harper was now having trouble keeping up with him. Just as Kenny was about to remove the concealed panel it moved and Paul Cobb with several masked armed men emerged. ‘Well done soldier.’ He tapped Kenny on the shoulder. ‘Welcome Mr Harper, please follow me.’ Greg Harper was given a flask of cool water, ‘you will need it because it can get very dry and dusty down here.’ 
Kenny was glad he didn’t have to find his way back to Goodge Street on his own. 
Greg Harper followed the section of men through the underground network and was excited. The long since disused tunnels had lighting and ventilation, which amazed him. He marvelled at the ease at which they navigated the route and at strategic points along the way he would pass a small section of men who guarded entrance points against any unwanted visitors. The group eventually arrived at Goodge Street station and proceeded down into the deep shelter. ‘Mr Harper, if you care to use this as your quarters the Commander will be here shortly. In the meantime please make a list of the things you need and we will do our best to get them. One of the men will bring you some coffee and you will find toilet facilities at the end of the shelter.’
Greg Harper saw men resting on bunks and remembered that these deep shelters were built to house up to 8000 people during the World War II so elaborate facilities were needed. He wondered why Garside and his military or police supporters had not already rammed tons of explosives down here or even dropped Sarin gas. He thought deeply about why Garside had not taken extreme action against this highly organised opposition.
John entered the alcove where Harper sat quietly drinking his coffee. ‘Hello Greg, sorry we had to drag you away sooner than planned but I guess you have been told why.’ Harper stood up and extended his hand ‘I’m glad that you did, I agree that it would not have been long before they were knocking on my door. So you are the masked man that visited me last night and the leader of this group of very brave people. May I know your name now?’ He was still shaking John’s hand whilst he was speaking.
John extracted his hand and said ‘My name is John and for the moment I have no intention make myself known to our enemy. I’m sure that it will be inevitable that I will become known in the not too distant future. That applies to everyone that you will meet from now on and I must tell you that if you decide to change your mind about being with us on this journey then the knowledge you will have gained about us could do us and our cause irreparable harm. The trust we have for each other has to be total and I hope you understand that Greg now that you’re here. That trust together with loyalty and caring for each other has to be at the core of what we are doing. It must be the bedrock of our future government, one I hope you and your colleagues will build.’
‘I understand completely and agree with all that you have said John. I promise you that I will dedicate every ounce of my energy in helping you to achieve your... no, our goals. Nothing will detract me from helping you and your men deliver a fair democracy again, I promise.’ 
Thank you that is all we can ask of you Greg. I will introduce you to my command team shortly; in the meantime do you have a list of your immediate requirements?’
‘Yes thank you, I’ve given it to the officer that brought me here. I have to say that the young man you sent on your behalf this morning has a great future ahead of him. I trusted him immediately and needed little convincing that he was genuine. He’ll make a great diplomat.’
‘Let us pray that he survives long enough to reach his potential.’ John’s face gave away his thoughts that many of his young men would not make it. ‘Now, let’s get down to business. Tell me about your colleagues especially Carrington and Harcourt. I need to know if my visit to them will be worth my time. Are they likely to join us?’
Greg Harper was greatly impressed with John; he was incisive and had a commanding presence; a natural leader which gave Greg confidence. ‘Those two I’m fairly certain of, they’re good men. If we could get in touch with Edward Grainger, who’s somewhere abroad, God knows where, he would also join us. He was particularly affected by what happened when Garside’s man, Mason, came up with some pretty dirty tricks to have us removed. I would be reluctant to approach William Boyce, he’s back in Garside’s pocket and as to others, I’m unsure and I would want Tim Harcourt and Edward on board before we took the step of approaching others.’
Within two days, Greg Harper was joined by his two colleagues. They were quick to understand the implications of what John was doing, knew that they were vulnerable, and eagerly accepted the invitation to be involved in a nascent government. 
John watched and smiled as the three men wrapped their arms around each other in a group hug. He saw a change in their demeanour from when he first approached them; they were dejected, defeated and beaten now he could see hope and excitement in their faces. There would be time later to discuss the finer details of future action; for now, he would let them enjoy their renewed friendship. 
Chapter 11
2031 to 2033
Mason needed a break; he was getting more and more grief from Garside who was becoming increasingly unpredictable. Each time a Conpen was taken down, a Police Station attacked or a Stapo patrol held up and disarmed Garside would fly into a furious rage. Mason often considered taking over but unfortunately, his boss still had the military on his side, keeping them sweet by allowing them unfettered funds for weapons and armaments. General Keatson was happy with the arrangement; there was no war to fight and except for occasionally supporting the police in their attempts to weed out a small group of insurgents he could concentrate on getting his army ready for a real war. That was his driving ambition. Every time he thought of the possibility of a major conflict, excitement surged through his veins. Mason could not rely on Police support either; the new Police Commissioner was out of his depth and just did as he was told.
What Mason wanted was some solid intelligence and the only way he could get that would be to get a man on the inside. Unfortunately, an insider would take time to develop. There was the possibility of capturing one of them and that would be as good. But how? He thought. He decided that his best option would be to create a situation that would force them to attack and he would be ready for them. If they took the bait, his support troops and police may wipe them out and whilst Garside would welcome that, it was not exactly what he wanted; he wanted the leadership and organisation. So the capture of one or more of the gang and a little subtle persuasion of the kind he personally enjoyed would do the trick. He needed to establish a target that would initiate a response from them. He retired to his very palatial offices and considered potential targets and how he might instigate his plan.
Garside had called an emergency meeting of his Cabinet. He was apoplectic, ranting and raging at both his military and police advisors. ‘You people need to tell me now what the hell is going on. I hear every day that banks are being cleaned out, Police patrols being hijacked and each time these things happen it weakens our ability to provide a stable environment for our business community and of course our citizens,’ he added the latter as an afterthought. ‘I am told that one of our patrols was attacked last night and the patrol leader wounded. Do we know who was responsible and have we detained them yet?’ Garside looked directly at Mark Slattery and invited an answer.
The Commissioner had already decided that complete honesty was the best policy and so proceeded, ‘we have absolutely no idea First Minister but it would appear to be the same group who destroyed the data banks at the CIO and Southwark Crown Court. Up until now they have been very selective with their targets but last night we appear to have caught them off guard.’
Garside exploded ‘you caught them off guard, caught them off guard! Are you mad; your men were held up, their leader shot and their equipment either stolen or destroyed and you tell us that you caught them off guard?’
Slattery responded in an almost truculent manner, ‘what I meant Sir is we don’t think their intention was a confrontation with our patrol, that their meeting was an accident.’
‘And pray tell us Commissioner how that has any significance?’ Garside asked sarcastically.
‘We believe it means they were in that area for another reason and we are working on what that may have been. As soon as we know what their target was we will be prepared if they try again.’
Henry Mason interrupted. ‘I will get some of my men on to it Sir, I’m sure that if we pool resources we can get the answers quicker. Mark, I will send some of my best analysts to you today.’
Garside appeared to be a little calmer, ‘is it at all possible that we can get these people behind bars before they do any more damage? Do we know how they are able to appear and disappear at will and why do we not have any intelligence on any of the perpetrators?’
Slattery responded, ‘when I assumed command of the force I was told that renegade police officers were the likely culprits and I had to accept that to be the case. They had opportunity, inside knowledge and would have been well equipped, physically and materially. Since that time, I have had some trusted officers from outside the area monitor officers’ movements, checked duty and off duty times and matched them to the times of incidents. If the perpetrators came from within then we would expect there to be some sort of pattern. We cannot find any evidence that it is my police officers who are carrying out these crimes. We conclude that this insurgent group are probably civilian, probably ex military or retired police officers all with appropriate training. This would explain their ability to appear and disappear at will. They probably do not have jobs that require them to comply with strict start or finish times. If they are not employed then they have even more flexibility.’
‘How do they get their intelligence then Commissioner?’ Garside asked pointedly.
‘If there are ex policemen involved then they will no doubt have currently serving friends who may be being indiscreet or may even be deliberately helping their ex comrades.’
‘What do you think about Mr Slattery’s theory Henry?’ Garside waited for a response from his Intelligence chief who he knew could be extremely embarrassed if the Commissioner was correct because Mason was a strong advocate of the renegade police theory.
Mason was indeed uncomfortable. ‘I think it’s a possibility but Mark admits it still requires inside collaboration.’
‘So gentlemen, how do you propose to tackle this?’
Mason quickly replied. ‘The police must first of all identify the potential sources of intelligence leaks and then sir; I believe we should impose a curfew, say from dusk till dawn. We know that all of their activities to date have been late at night. If these people are civilian then it will restrict them to daylight movement.’
Garside looked at Slattery, ‘well? Do you have anything to add to that Commissioner?’
‘I agree, but we are endangering law abiding citizens who may get caught up in cross fire if we are to engage with the rebels if they decide on a target in a crowded place.’
‘That’s a bridge we would have to cross if we got to it. My main concern is what sort of impact a curfew will have on our business community. Our business leaders and their executives will not be too happy about having to stop at home and play Monopoly every night. Then there are restaurants, bars and clubs, particularly casinos. All of them will be massively affected. No gentlemen, the risk is too great so I need you to come up with alternatives.’
Mason then said, ‘we are currently working to establish what their last target was before they bumped into our patrol at Ladbroke Grove Gardens. We are sure that it will give us a good indicator to their next attempted attack. We can be ready for them.’
‘Let’s not take too long over it gentlemen, the disruption they are causing is becoming tiresome. Let me know as soon as you have a result.’ Garside dismissed his Commissioner of Police and his Cabinet but asked Mason to stay behind. In the privacy of his personal quarters Garside confronted his Intelligence chief. ‘Henry, this is more than just tiresome, these rebels are a serious issue and they must be stopped. I am getting talk of some major businesses considering pulling out of the UK. Banks, especially the foreign owned ones are extremely worried and may decide to relocate. The Americans are starting to express concerns about what they call our draconian approach to the way we are running our society. For the moment I’ve told them it’s none of their damned business but if they start shooting their mouths off at the UN we will come under international pressure. Fortunately, we have some friendly States whose support is dependent on their current leadership’s penchant for the good life, if you get my drift. As long as I can provide that for them then I can hold off the criticism coming from over the pond. So Henry, we cannot let this rabble do any more damage. Find them and take them out; I don’t care how you do it.’
***
Three days later Henry Mason rushed into Garside’s office. ‘Tony, I’ve got some good news at last. We now believe we know what they were doing in the Ladbroke Grove Gardens area.’ Mason paused ‘we are certain they were contacting Gregory Harper one of your Minister’s or should I say ex Minister’s.’ Mason waited for a response from his boss.
‘Why would they want to contact Harper, we effectively produced enough dirt on him and the others who dared question my strategy to take this nation forward to completely neutralise them. I understand that was completely successful.’
‘It was successful in that he could not oppose you in a political way but we believe that this group is a serious threat and not just a well organised criminal gang Tony. If we are correct, their strategy will certainly be to start gathering political support for an alternative government. Whilst Harper may not have any political power he will have sufficient knowledge to guide and advise.’
Garside pensively stroked his chin and spent some time considering what Mason had proposed. He paced his office weighing up options, thinking about what this might mean. ‘Then we must stop Mr Harper and his friends from being of any use. I would expect you to use our “special resources” to eliminate this threat Henry. Has Harper been picked up yet?’
‘I’m sorry to say we think he has disappeared. We visited his apartment and there was no sign of him. We know he has not taken any personal clothes or possessions but no one has seen him for at least two days. As he was reclusive and only left the apartment in the evenings neighbours would have seen some sign of him in that time. We have a covert watch on his place just in case he returns.’
‘So, the rebels are likely to have him then?’
‘That seems to be the most probable Tony.’
‘Ok, what about the others? His fellow Cabinet members? Remind me of who they were and what they are doing now.’ Garside was uncharacteristically calm.
Mason knew just about as much as John Judge had been able to find out from Greg Harper and briefed Garside on the details of each ex Minister. ‘We have arrest squads on their way now to all of them with the exception of Edward Grainger who is believed to be overseas. We will be able to take them out of service fairly soon.’ 
‘I do not want Bill Boyce picked up Henry he is being very helpful to me and his contacts in the financial sector are extremely important. Leave him to carry on with his banking activity. I will let you know if I think he needs any special treatment. In the meantime make sure you get the others out of action quickly and let me know when it is done.’
Mason left Garside’s office unaware that John Judge had already moved Alex Carrington and Timothy Harcourt underground two days earlier to join up with Greg Harper. He quickly needed to stop the arrest of William Boyce whom he gathered was Garside’s tame banker and so phoned Mark Slattery. The Commissioner protested strongly and Mason needed to convince him. ‘Trust me, we have some intelligence on the guy and believe he is not a threat Mark so we can leave him for the moment.’
Mark Slattery wanted to carry out the task he had been given but was genuinely concerned about arresting a prominent banker. Although he protested, it was really only a token gesture.
***
John and his commanders held the first official meeting with the three politicians. They were deep underground at Belsize Park. This was to be the fledgling interim government offices and living quarters. Much work had been done to equip the deep shelter into liveable space. Gas filters and toilets had been installed and sleeping areas were available. Four of the deep shelters, two north of the Thames and two south had been fully equipped to house several thousand civilians and soldiers in each. One day they would be forced permanently to use the underground. But he and his men were prepared for that.
John was impressed. Tables, chairs and all the trappings of a busy ministerial meeting office had been provided and even a secretary was available to record their discussions.
John started ‘I would like to thank our three politicians for their commitment and the sacrifices they have made in coming here. I will not nor cannot give any assurances that there will not be a difficult road ahead but I know that we will achieve our goal. Today we have begun a journey, the preparations for which have been laid by these men and their followers,’ he pointed to his Command team. ‘Now we are joined by Greg, Timothy and Alex who are tasked with providing a framework for the sort of government we have all wished for. We hope that others will join them soon and enable a fully functioning administration. So, shall we get started gentlemen? I would first of all ask if any of you have expertise to act as our financial controller? We have been able to accumulate a certain amount of funds and have been distributing some of them to the needy in our community. We need better control of this and an ability to invest any surplus.’
Alex Carrington spoke. ‘I was destined to become Chancellor until Garside did his dirty work, so I would be happy to take on the role. We may need to go outside of the Country to do any investing; Garside will be keeping a close watch on new investors.’
‘Thank you Alex, I’m sure it will be one of many roles you will all need to play until we have a full compliment.’ John continued ‘we are in danger of gas attacks from above especially when our network is discovered. We have prepared gas filters and a warning system in the event of such an attack and much of our funding has been used to equip all of the tunnels for a high degree of protection. The question has been asked about whether the tunnels could be deliberately flooded or blasted with explosives. We conclude that it is unlikely as so much infrastructure passes through that if it were damaged business life above ground would come to a standstill. A direct physical attack by troops is the most likely and I believe Garside will use the Army in that role soon. Each Commander has ensured that tunnel entrances are well guarded with fully armed and trained men so if they do decide on a direct attack they can expect a warm reception. Gentlemen, I am telling you this because you will need to protect yourselves. We must not lose this momentum by losing any one of you. I have therefore directed a full section of men to look after you and ensure your safety.’ 
The fledgling ministers had managed to recruit more willing hands to their ranks and now had the numbers needed to start building a constitutional framework. They had even managed to get a message to Ted Grainger who had slipped overseas shortly after the threatened character assassination. He had settled in France and getting back into the UK was not going to be easy without being spotted by the authorities. He had been warned that he was being sought after so a considerable amount of help was required from John’s contacts in France and in this country. The arrangement was to meet at Kings Cross station where he was quickly picked up by two of John’s men and ushered to the covert underground entrance. Ted Grainger felt some apprehension as he entered the underground system. Very little was said to him as the trio purposefully made their way through the various tunnels to Belsize Park. As he approached the old tunnel his escorts started to make a descent into the deep shelter. Ted was amazed as the lights and an eye-popping frenetic activity suddenly confronted him. It was as if he had stepped into another world. People darted about carrying sheaves of paper, desktops carried plastic trays of in, out and pending documents waiting for their owners to immerse themselves in their content. A feverish and yet controlled atmosphere permeated what the newcomer could only describe as a re-energised ministerial office. He had not seen this sort of energy in any government office for many years.
Gregory Harper appeared from one of the offices; he was followed by his colleagues Tim and Alex. Edward Grainger’s jaw dropped open as he recognised his three ex colleagues. They warmly embraced, shaking each other’s hands and not wishing to let go. Greg put his arm around Edward’s shoulder and led him into their office. ‘Let’s get a nice cup of coffee Ted and we’ll brief you on what’s going on here.’ Gregory explained how John Judge and his small, dedicated army were creating havoc for Garside and his cronies. He gave examples of how the people had now come to realise that they no longer live in a democracy and their freedom had effectively been removed. ‘Unfortunately,’ he said, ‘the military and the police are still supporting him so any revolt by the people is quickly squashed. Whenever there is any sort of protest the Containment pens are filled up. So our citizens have sadly accepted their lot. John J does as much as he can to support those in need and he is confident that he will sooner rather than later remove Garside and all those who profit with him from the office he has purloined.’
Edward said ‘I’ve heard about some of what is going on but only whispers. When I was contacted in France I thought it was a ruse to get me to come back although I had no idea why he would want me here, he had already destroyed my political career. Then the French contact took me to his home where he led me into a small office just full of radio and communications equipment. A guy in a ski mask spoke to me via the video link. He explained what they were doing here and that he needed my help. Somehow, I trusted him immediately and found myself on a boat in the middle of the night crossing the channel. I was met at every junction of the journey and escorted to the next leg. The organisation was fantastic. I couldn’t wait to meet the guy in the mask he must...’
John appeared in the doorway, ‘I’m glad to make your acquaintance Edward, and I don’t have my mask, I hope you’re not disappointed.’
Edward rose and warmly shook John’s hand. ‘No I’m not disappointed at all, in fact I’m extremely excited about what I’m about to get involved in. Nice to meet you.’
And so for the next three years the rebel politicians worked tirelessly, arguing, debating and analysing every aspect of what made good government. 
Meanwhile John Judge and his growing band of followers continued with his planned activities. In one night his teams had lifted a senior investment banker, a CEO of a large French owned water company and the MD of an American owned group of gambling casinos. Each of them were bound, gagged, hooded, and taken to three separate disused warehouses. All of them were understandably extremely distressed and feared the worst. On reaching their place of detention they were tied to a hard wooden chair and their gags removed but they remained hooded. Several hours passed before anyone spoke to them. Throughout this time the investment banker and the Frenchman pleaded with their captors not to harm them, offering large rewards for their safe release. The American just made threats, specifically about how his friends from stateside would be here in a flash to release him. ‘You don’t know what you’re dealing with here you limey arseholes.’ He said in a broad Texan accent. 
‘We know exactly what we’re dealing with Mr Donatelli and believe me, your friends, if indeed they ever arrived here would not be welcome and they would be despatched back from where they came I promise you that. You had better believe that you are not in any position to make threats because it would not take much for me to bundle you up and dump you in the Thames along with the rest of the rubbish that gets thrown in there.’ John’s words conveyed sufficient gravitas that there could be no doubt in understanding his seriousness. The American remained silent.
John was uninterested with their pleading or their bribes, he spoke to each in turn, ‘do you think for one moment we are interested in your dirty money. Your desire to rape this country in your search for profit at any cost makes me want to jump into a hot shower a scrub off the smell from being close to you. You abused this country and its people by your greed and corrupt dealings with those in power. So do not think that we can be bought off like Garside and his friends. We will eventually destroy him and all those like you who support him.’
Each of them asked the same question, ‘what do you want from me then?’
They were each told the same thing, ‘I want two things; I want you to search your conscience and I want your clothes. You will be untied, your clothes will be removed, and then you will be conveyed a short distance away from a Containment pen close to the place where you were picked up and we are sure the Stapo at those locations will see that you return home. When you walk through the Conpen area look closely at the individuals that are behind the wire. Consider yourself lucky that you have come away from this episode unharmed. Examine your conscience carefully to avoid another such visitation. Do I make myself clear?’
Each man trembled and muttered an acknowledgement as they were untied and stripped. Their hoods remained in place. Three vehicles each carried a naked hooded man to approximately a quarter mile from a Conpen where they were unceremoniously despatched onto the pavement.
The vehicles did not wait around to hear the jeers and catcalls coming from the Conpens as each of the naked business leaders having removed their hoods, hurried embarrassingly towards the Stapo office.
***
Garside addressed his cabinet team the next morning. ‘Gentlemen’ he said through gritted teeth, ‘my telephone has not stopped ringing this morning. I have had calls from America, France and from companies all over Europe demanding to know why I am not protecting their employees. Now I want to know what the hell is being done to stop this terrorist activity.’
Mark Slattery was the first to speak. ‘My officers at three of our Containment pens had three visitors who claimed they were businessmen who had been kidnapped and threatened earlier that evening. They had no identification so we could not verify who they were. They were taken into custody until we were able to establish who they were. After they made some phone calls it was verified that they were indeed who they said they were and were given lifts to their homes.’
‘How come they did not have ID, was that stolen’ Garside asked.
A barely noticeable smirk cracked at the corner of Slattery’s mouth, ‘initially yes their belongings were taken... and so were all of their clothes. A large parcel arrived at Police Headquarters this morning and it contained all of their possessions. We were unable to establish who had delivered the parcel.’
Dark foreboding shadows covered Garside’s face as he tried to contain his anger. ‘Are you telling me Commissioner that these important business partners were not only kidnapped but forced to walk through our streets naked, humiliated, shamed?’ 
‘I’m afraid so Sir.
‘This is becoming intolerable and must be stopped. What do you propose to do Commissioner?’
‘I have already identified the main business leaders in the city and allocated 24 hour security for them with immediate effect. Major General Keatson has offered military personnel to help but I would be reluctant to use uniformed soldiers for that role. I’m sure it wouldn’t be a good message to show the world that our business leaders need armed military protection.’
‘You’re absolutely right Mark; we must show the business community that it is safe to do business here. So any protection activity must be kept low key.’ Garside said. ‘In the meantime I want every resource we can spare to find these terrorists and neutralise them. Henry, I would expect that you are using your operatives in this task?’
Henry Mason looked a little uncomfortable, ‘in fact Sir most of my men are engaged in more global activities and matters of national security. I’m sure you will agree that if I redeploy them then we leave ourselves open to all sorts of international terrorism and espionage. I must maintain that cover.’
‘Yes yes, I understand’ Garside said impatiently. He dismissed his cabinet with the exception of his Intelligence chief. 
‘I have a plan that you may be interested in Tony.’
‘Let’s hear it please.’
‘I believe that the one way to get at this group whoever they are, is to set a trap that we can use to capture them and find out who they are and how they operate. We only need to grab one or two of them and I can assure you I will extract all that they know about the people they are working with.’
‘So what’s this trap you propose to set?’
‘I would like a rumour spread to the police that William Boyce, our banker, is willing to join the rebels. Whoever is leaking information to them will give them enough to encourage them to want to pick him up and take him to their base. Now of course it won’t get that far because we will be watching him night and day and when they come to collect we will there ready to snatch them.’ Mason waited for a response.
‘Bill Boyce doesn’t need to know what is going on I take it?’
‘That’s correct Tony, he won’t be contacted because we will have captured them before they get anywhere near him.’
‘Ok get on with it, the quicker we get these criminals out of my hair the better.’
***
Sure enough, Graham was one of the first to hear that William Boyce was turning and wanted to talk to the rebels. Graham was quick to get the message to John.
John called a command meeting ‘what do you think guys? He would be a great asset to have on our side with his banking experience and his knowledge of Garside who would be besides himself knowing that his pet banker was a turncoat.’
Terry and Paul agreed.
Derek did not. ‘I’ve got to ask the question, what has suddenly changed. He’s got a great life, making tons of money and friends again with the guy who he knows can destroy him at the drop of a hat. Why would he risk all of that?’
Alan said ‘I’m naturally suspicious so I agree with Derek. It doesn’t quite stack up.’
‘I have to agree that there are some unanswered questions but also the payoff may be, in my view, greater than the risk. Let me think about it and I will get back to you all.’
John thought long and hard weighing up the pros and cons. It would be a tremendous coup to get the banker on his side; it may even be the straw that breaks Garside’s back. On the other hand, what if it was a set up? John thought about this and concluded that if it were then their aim would be to wipe out a large number of his soldiers. If that happened it would be a major blow and cause such demoralisation that getting the remaining personnel back to an efficient fighting force may take too long and Garside would win. So he decided that he would try and recruit the banker but would only use a very small number of volunteers. A team set about carrying out research into where the banker lived and routes in and out of the underground. John asked his commanders to find volunteers, although Kenny and Brendon and performed the task of picking up Greg Harper and would be ideal for this task given their experience he was loathe to ask them again. He wanted volunteers. Kenny and Brendon were the first to put their names forward and John reluctantly gave them the job. He was reluctant because this was more dangerous and there would not be the back up they had the first time. They would also not have the benefit of John’s pre-visit to the target. He briefed them to go during rush hour and before the banker was likely to have left for work. His address is 415 Pelham Grove just off Brompton Road. He emphasised that there would not be any back-up support. Brendon would be wired again purely to warn Kenny of any problems whilst he was inside talking to the banker. They were to follow the same routine that they did for Greg Harper and once Boyce agreed to join up, he was to be taken to South Kensington Underground where a small detachment would take over to bring him to Belsize Park. 
***
Mason had persuaded Garside to allow him to brief Boyce and he was to simply press the button on an electronic device he would install in his house as soon as contact with the rebels was made. This would alert the waiting snatch squads when the terrorists left the premises. Boyce would be instructed not leave with them on the grounds that he wanted a bit of time to sort his affairs out. If they come in force then there will be sufficient resources to deal with them once and for all. Mason assured his boss about the safety of his banker friend and Garside was reasonably confident that this would work.
At dawn the next morning the two young men dressed in their commuter garb made their way to the banker’s house. Brendon noted that there were plenty of gardens in the area and waited at the top of the road whilst Kenny rang the doorbell of number 415.
Kenny waited some time for the door to be answered. Eventually it opened and a rather rotund man asked ‘yes? What do you want?’
‘We understand that you are interested in joining forces against the current establishment Sir and I’ve come here to escort you to our headquarters.’
‘Yes I am interested but I’ve got far too much to do that would make it impossible for me to leave right now. Give me a couple of days to sort my affairs out. Please do not let anyone know that you have spoken to me.’ Beads of sweat started to appear on the bankers face.
‘We are concerned that the Stapo will come for you if we leave it much longer Sir, all that you need will be provided once you are with us.’
Boyce paused and said I’ll just get my coat and some papers, wait there.’ He slammed the door shut and quickly reached the device. The button was pressed and the Stapo started to emerge from behind buildings, out of parks and gardens, from behind trees.
Brendon was the first to spot the hoards of Stapo descending on Kenny. ‘Get out of there now they’re on to us.’ He screamed into his wire. Drawing his Glock pistol from inside his coat, he started to fire at the advancing police striking one of them as he aimed a shot at Kenny. Several police officers trained their automatic weapons on Brendon shooting him numerous times. His body jerked and lifted from the ground with the impact of each strike eventually rendering him motionless on the ground in a pool of blood. 
An officer shouted to Kenny ‘put your hands on your head and do not move or you will be shot.’ Many weapons were trained on him so he had no option but to obey. Officers were quickly upon him, handcuffing his hands in front of his body. He was forcibly pushed into the back of an arrest vehicle and driven off.
Henry Mason had been alerted that the capture had been made and whilst he was pleased about it he was disappointed that only one other was involved and had been shot dead. At least he had something to work on.
As the police vehicle trundled through the streets of London, Ken Vernon or Kenny as he liked to be called pondered on his life. He was 20 years of age when he joined John’s fighters and in 7 years he had learned so much. He had become a soldier. Now, he knew he was to face his biggest test.
The vehicle screeched to a halt and the rear doors opened. ‘Get out’ a harsh voice commanded. Kenny was in no hurry and was grabbed by his jacket and dragged out of the police van. He fell to the ground and unable to maintain his balance scraped his face and hands as he contacted the rough surface of the road. One of the policemen seized him by the hair raising him to his feet. ‘Now move when you’re told to and move quickly or you’ll be helped along, if you get my drift.’
The side of Kenny’s face was severely scraped and bleeding. His hands and knuckles had also been cut as he tried to cushion his fall. So he looked in a sorry state.
He had been taken to the main police headquarters and was frogmarched to the reception desk. ‘Name?’ the desk sergeant snarled. ‘No comment’ Kenny replied.
‘Smart arse eh. Well we have a way to deal with smart arses. Holding cell 7,’ he said nodding to the escorts standing either side of their prisoner. They dragged and part carried Kenny to the holding cell. The two burley Stapo’s bundled Kenny into the cell and closed the door. They remained in the cell with him. 
‘Now, you really don’t want us to get angry with you son so just give us your name.’
‘No comment’ Kenny replied.
One of the Stapo walked behind Kenny and cracked him forcefully across the lower back with a truncheon. The force of the blow caused Kenny to lurch forward into the other Stapo who caught him and at the same time raised his knee into his groin. Kenny gasped for air as he fell to the ground clutching his groin. The pain in his back was like nothing he had ever felt in life. The Stapo grasped the prisoner’s hair and hauled him to his feet. Kenny cried out in pain. ‘Your name, shithead or you’ll get more of the same.’ 
Kenny could only whisper through gritted teeth, ‘no comment’.
‘You stupid bastard.’ A loud thwack came from another blow with the truncheon again across his lower back. This was delivered with venom and once again Kenny was thrown forward falling to the floor. Blows now rained down on him from every angle and he could feel he was losing consciousness. 
‘We’re going now but when we come back you had better cooperate or there’ll be more of what you’ve just had, arsehole.’ The Stapo delivered a kick to Kenny’s stomach as he left. 
Kenny was violently sick and didn’t see that his vomit was bright red. He lost consciousness at that point.
Henry Mason arrived at the police HQ. I want to collect the prisoner you brought in earlier.’
‘I’m sorry sir but who are you and what authority do you have?’ The desk Sergeant asked. 
Mason showed his ID card and said that if necessary he will speak with the duty officer.
‘I’ll get Detective Inspector Johns down here straight away sir, I’m sure he will sort things out.’
Graham Johns appeared after a few minutes. ‘What can I do for you Mr Mason?’
‘You have arrested a suspected terrorist this morning and have brought him here. I am now required to collect him and take him to our specialist unit.’
‘On whose authority because in my view this is a police matter?’
‘I have the authority of the First Minister and as this is considered to be a matter of national security I think you’ll find that he will not be pleased if we are delayed in any way.’
Graham turned to the desk sergeant, ‘where is he being held. Has he been processed and read his rights?’
‘Holding cell 7 sir. He refused to give his name so we were unable to process him.’
Nodding to Mason, Graham said ‘let’s go then and see if we can find out who he is.’ Mason and his two heavies walked behind Graham and a Constable with the cell keys.
The Constable looked through the peephole at the cell door and said ‘oh my God’ and quickly unlocked the door. Graham and Mason moved in quickly behind the PC who was now leaning over Kenny checking for a pulse in his neck. ‘We need an ambulance now, he’s only just alive.’ Paramedics and a doctor were summoned. 
Graham was incensed ‘Who the hell has done this to this prisoner? No one is to enter or leave this station. I want it locked down. Get that message to the desk Sergeant now.’ 
Mason was white with rage. ‘Whoever has done this has destroyed a significant source of information that would have helped us locate and destroy the terrorist group. I want to know who is responsible for this Detective Inspector.’
‘Do not worry Mr Mason I will find out who is responsible and they will be dealt with by the police. But before you leave us to get on with our business, you might like to remember that this is not your domain. So kindly go now and I will keep you informed as to the outcome of all this.’
A doctor and two medics came into the cell as Mason and his escort left. The doctor examined Kenny and very soon stood up and looking at Graham solemnly shook his head. ‘I’m afraid his injuries were severe and we will probably find that there was significant internal bleeding. I’m sorry.’
John knew that Brendon had been killed in the failed attempt to get Boyce. The operation about the banker was clearly a set up but it wasn’t until he was contacted by Graham that he learned of Kenny’s death. The end of  the year 2033 was not a good one.
Chapter 12
2034
John struggled for many months with the guilt of sending two young men to their deaths. He was especially distraught over the way Kenny’s life was ended. He devoted most of his waking hours planning a way of gaining retribution from the two Stapo thugs who killed him.
‘John, I cannot condone you seeking these men out. I promise you they will face the full force of the law and it will be done by the book.’ Graham had been severely reprimanded for his role as senior officer present at the time of Kenny’s death whilst in police custody. Nevertheless, he remained firm to his principles that the officers’ concerned would face the due process of law.
‘I somehow don’t think that will happen Graham, Mason supported by Garside will probably see to it they are quietly shipped out to some outpost where their thuggery will continue. I can’t let that happen. They beat that young man to a pulp simply because he refused to give his name. He protected this organisation and paid for it with his life. For the sake of his friends and colleagues, I cannot risk them escaping the justice they deserve. You do what you have to do my friend, I won’t stand in your way but if it turns out as I suspect then I will find them and do what I have to do.’
‘John, I promise you this, if they manage to wheedle their way out of this crime then I will be the first to help you in hunting them down. There are a lot of good coppers’ that are being tarnished by what has happened here and I need to show them what the uniform they wear is really about.’
John greatly admired Graham for standing up for what he believed in but sadly, he felt that whilst the status quo remained, those beliefs would eventually be shattered.
***
Mason was angry with the two officers who killed the prisoner. They had deprived him of his opportunity to interrogate the man who could have given him a lot of information about the insurgents and so achieve a major blow against John and his organisation. They were mindless idiots in his view but nevertheless, he pulled the necessary strings to protect them and the process to move them out of harm’s way had already started. He would find a use for them at some time in the future especially as they were now indebted to him. Graham Johns was completely unaware that this was happening and was busy preparing for a major cleansing job that would go some way to demonstrating that the police were a responsible force who could deal swiftly with lawbreakers even from within their own ranks. He was soon to find that the perpetrators had been moved to special duties and he was duly warned off his pursuit of them. It depressed him greatly to have to admit that John was right.
The following weeks and months saw an increasing number of actions against the Stapo and selected targets such as ministerial and government offices. There were several unintentional engagements with military units. These latter actions were often costly for both sides. Several of John’s men were captured. Marie and her team had to deal with many more severe injuries and some men were to die as a result of wounds that were too serious for her to deal with. 
The capture of his men had increased the exposure of John and his team. He knew it would be only a matter of time before he and his lieutenants were identified and therefore vulnerable. There was now no longer a need to hide their faces but John insisted that everyone should wear a black combat hat commonly known as a beanie, not that it would offer any protection but merely as a measure of uniformity. Their long since developed contingency plan swung into action. Marie, Alex and Jason moved into the deep shelter at Goodge Street. Derek Farson moved his family into Stockwell deep shelter, which was now habitable. Terry Bayliss, a single man, took up residence in an old storeroom in Bank underground station. Mal and Paul had long been living underground and had got quite used to the idea. All of those with families now concentrated on making a home in the underground network. No one could risk their loved ones being taken as hostage above ground. So there was a frantic level of activity and soon there would be a city beneath a city.
John had always known that this time would come and he wasn’t surprised that his picture now appeared on wanted posters all over London. Much to the chagrin of the authorities, they were torn down as fast as they were put up. The widely held belief amongst the general public was that John Judge would deliver them from this dictatorship. 
Stapo were now regularly stopping and searching people. Each day it looked and felt more like a police state, with heavily armed police patrols on every street, in railway stations and surrounding important government offices. Those that were stopped and searched were not handled gently. Even more severe treatment was dealt out if anyone dared complain. The complaints stopped but resentment grew more intense and John knew that it would not be long before Garside would feel the wrath of the people. Meanwhile, the London skyline was constantly interrupted by palls of smoke from buildings that had been attacked. John Judge and his men were making themselves more overt as a fighting force. Garside meanwhile, insisted that Major General Keatson deploy more of his men in support of the police in the capital and provincial cities.
***
To Graham John’s great surprise, he was promoted to Superintendant. It was done to try and quieten him down after the Kenny killing. He had been extremely vociferous about the two killers escaping justice and wasn’t letting go. He was becoming difficult for his superiors to ignore. He took the promotion and welcomed the opportunity to get closer to the higher echelons in the force. Graham also knew that John and his men were now on the trail of the two officers responsible for Kenny’s murder. They would meet justice full on soon enough. So by gradually softening his approach towards questioning what had happened to the two thugs he sought to let his bosses believe that their promotion strategy had done the job. His target now was to get closer to the top table.
Meanwhile, John was discussing the next target with his section commanders. ‘We know that the killers of young Kenny have been shipped away to a very quiet police station in north London near Southgate. We are led to believe that there are others there who are part of the hit squad, which is called upon from time to time to carry out Garside’s dirty work. As the justice we should expect in our society clearly does not work then we have to step in when that justice fails and ensure that they never commit any other crimes...ever. Does anyone have any questions?’
Paul asked ‘do we know how many others are at the station?’
‘There are six including the two we specifically want. I am told that they do not carry out normal policing duties but sit around playing snooker, watching porno movies or sleeping while they wait for a call. If a message has not been received before 5pm then they settle down for the night knowing that they are not going to be called upon until the next day. They are invariably drunk by midnight.’
Terry said ‘given their lifestyle it might sound easy but I would advise extreme caution. Their behaviour is likely to be erratic and we can’t guarantee that they will be where we expect them to be.’
John agreed ‘this is not going to be an easy operation. We will have no idea of the target situation at the point of attack so I intend to use a bigger force than usual. I also want maximum activity in every other sector. Terry, will you coordinate that?’Terry acknowledged with a nod. 
Plans were put in place and two days later two battle groups, each of twenty armed men, emerged from Southgate Underground. At the same time Police Stations, Government offices and selected banks where being attacked. Birmingham, Leeds, Manchester and Liverpool all experienced similar activity. Just as John had planned, Police and military resources were being pulled in every direction.
Derek Farson took his section into positions completely surrounding the police station whilst John entered the station alone. His men covered him from the porch entrance and were to wait for his signal to enter. The place was a mess with half eaten takeaway food trays and empty beer cans strewn about the floor and tables. 
A slurred voice shouted from an open office just the other side of the reception desk ‘what do you want, we’re not open, now get the fuck out of here before I come over and kick you out.’ It was accompanied by loud laughter and one of the officers throwing an empty beer can towards John.
John had had sufficient time to count numbers and assess the general condition of his adversaries and gave the signal. His men quickly entered the office taking the occupants completely by surprise. There were six uniformed men in total in general states of undress and all had been drinking heavily judging by the empty bottles and cans lying around. It took them some time to realise what was happening but long enough for their weapons to be removed out of reach. For the moment, they were speechless until John entered and took up a central position in front of the quickly sobering up police officers.
‘You’re... you’re... that guy who’s been causing all the trouble.’ One of them stammered. Another attempted to stand; he was a big guy and appeared to be the leader. Alan walker slammed his rifle butt into his lower back forcing him to sit down. Through gritted teeth he said ‘I don’t know what you want here we’re just a small unit. Whatever it is, you won’t get away with it. We’ll hunt you down like all the scum we eventually catch up with.’
John spoke quietly but with menace in his voice ‘I will tell you what I want and then we will decide what comes next. As a starter, I want you to point out to me the two individuals who were responsible for the death of one of my men. His name was Kenny but of course you wouldn’t know that because two of you here beat him to death because he wouldn’t tell you his name. Now, you big man,’ John pointed at the apparent leader, ‘which two of your colleagues are they?’
The big man spat at John and said ‘go get fucked I’m telling you nothing.’
John fired just one shot, hitting the man between the eyes. The big man fell backwards and still attached to his chair came to rest in a sitting position on the floor.
‘I shall ask this question only one more time, which of you was responsible for the death of the young man you had in custody?’
One of the officers vomited another wet himself. Another pointed to the two officers who had recently been drafted in to their group ‘they’re the ones you’re looking for. We had nothing to do with that lad’s death. We’ve never even been at police headquarters... it’s them you want.’ He said quivering and pointing to the accused. 
‘Alan, cuff them and make them comfortable while we deal with these other pieces of dirt.’ John commanded
‘Now just a minute Judge, we’ve given you what you came for, you have no beef with us’ the bearded Officer pleaded.
‘Is that so?’ John said almost mockingly. ‘I have good intelligence that tells me you and your friends here are part of a special squad. Am I right?’ 
‘Don’t know what you’re talking about. We just man this cop shop and do as we’re told.’
One of the two handcuffed officers a tall man named Adam French puffing out his chest in defiance said, ‘he’s telling lies. We were told when they sent us here exactly what the team did that we would be joining.’
‘And what was that?’ John asked.
‘We would be given targets, individuals to be arrested then discreetly disposed of. These individuals were considered a threat to the regime and we are paid to see to it that the threat is removed; no questions asked.’
‘Don’t believe him; he’s full of shit and just trying to save his neck.’ The panic in the bearded ones voice was palpable.
Adam French responded, ‘no I’m not trying to save my neck. I gave up any right to being saved the moment I helped kick that young lad to death. So I personally don’t give a shit what happens to me and I certainly don’t give a damn what happens to you.’
John asked ‘how do you get your orders?’
The cuffed officer replied ‘we don’t know because we haven’t been here long enough to be privy to that information but the bearded wonder over there is the one who takes the order. He’ll know for sure.’
John turned to the beard, ‘so, who gives you your orders and how do you receive them? And by the way, your beard will stop growing immediately you try to bull shit me.’ John raised his pistol and moved the muzzle close to the man’s face.
Beads of sweat ran down the police officer’s face and he could taste the salt and fear trickling down through his beard and into the corner of his mouth. He hesitated, frantically trying to assess his options. He knew that John Judge wanted the information he could give him and so assumed he that he could negotiate a deal. ‘If I give you what you want, what’s in for me? Will you let me go?’
John backhanded the man across the side of his face with the barrel of his pistol, which slammed him against the wall. Blood spurt from his mouth. Pointing to two of his men John said ‘pick him up and sit him down.’
Judge looked squarely into the dazed man’s eyes and said ‘there will be no negotiation and you have one more opportunity to answer my question.’ 
The bearded one answered slowly and with difficulty, ‘I only know his name is Winterton. He phones and we agree a meeting place. It’s a different place each time. He gives me the target name and a photograph and nothing else is said. The rest is left up to us, no questions asked.’
‘Who does Winterton work for?’ John asked; his eyes fixed firmly on his victim.
‘I swear, I don’t know,’ he spluttered.
John looked squarely at the two officers that were responsible for Kenny’s death. ‘Which of you two made the decision that the young lad in your custody was to receive a beating?’
The older of the two spoke, ‘There was no decision it just happened. I swear we were only going to rough him up a bit, it just got out of hand. I promise we never intended that he would die. It was a horrible mistake and I’m sorry.’
John asked ‘What’s your name?’
‘Charlie... Charlie Metson.’
‘Alan, you and your section escort Mr French and Mr Metson outside and wait for me.’ John commanded. ‘I’ll be with you shortly.’
John was soon alone with the three remaining members of the illegal assassination squad. ‘How many targets did Winterton give you?’ he asked the perceived leader of the group.
‘I don’t know... maybe a dozen or so, I wasn’t counting,’ the bearded man muttered through the side of his mouth that wasn’t swollen.
‘It’s a pity you didn’t take the time to count, maybe you would have been aware of the wrong you were doing. Maybe you might have remembered the uniform you wore and what it stood for.’ 
Three shots rang out in quick succession and John Judge emerged from the building grim faced. Alan Walker knew exactly what had happened. ‘Alan, take your section and return to base. I want a lock up prepared for our two guests where they will be secure until it is decided what is to be done with them. The remaining section and I will follow you. The prisoners will be hooded so we will travel much slower than you and that will give you time to prepare their accommodation.’
The journey was uneventful for Alan and his section but for John with his hooded prisoners it was problematic. They needed to be guided every step of the way and constantly tripped and fell. John decided it would take far too long so they were unmasked until just be before they reached Goodge Street when they were hooded again. He arrived just one hour after Alan who had completed a holding cell for the two prisoners. Once the two captives had been installed in their accommodation, their handcuffs and hoods were removed.
Immediately Charlie Metson started bleating ‘where are we, what are you going to do to us?’
‘Shut up Charlie and be thankful we’re not already dead’ his partner snapped.
Their captors left without speaking, closing the heavy iron door behind them. An armed guard stood outside the door. Inside the cell there was no light, it was cold and each had a wooden framed bed with a thin coarse blanket. John had been specific with his instructions ‘they are to get similar home comforts to what they provide their inmates in the Conpens and I want no one to speak to them at all. I will let you know when I wish to see them. In the meantime let them sweat a bit.’
The next 24 hours saw the two captives becoming more isolated. No one spoke to them and after 12 hours a plastic jug of water with some bread was passed through the door. The guard shone a torch on the food in the centre of the floor and left closing the iron door behind him. Adam French lay on his bunk with his hands behind his head, unmoved by the delivery, whilst Charlie scrambled over to the water and bread. He guzzled and chomped his way through it not thinking about his partner until there was nothing left. Realising what he had done he said ‘I’m so sorry Adam I took all the water and bread. I was so hungry and thirsty I didn’t think. I’m so sorry.’
‘I’m really not bothered Charlie; we’ll both be dead long before we die of starvation.’
‘Do you really think they’re going to kill us?’
‘Why shouldn’t they? We brutally murdered one of their own. At least when they kill they have a cause, a reason and I suspect they don’t enjoy it. So, why shouldn’t they kill us and make us suffer a bit before they do. I really don’t care; we’ll get what we deserve. We shouldn’t have beaten up that young kid Charlie just because we had the power to do it. I don’t know how you feel but I know that I am deeply ashamed of what I have done.’ 
Metson was silent and reflected on what his partner had said. He felt the fear rising in his throat on the realisation that they weren’t just being incarcerated here but would eventually be executed. As he sat on the edge of his bunk, he shivered and trembled as a sharp pain blasted up his left arm accompanied by constriction in his chest so violent that it took his breath away. He grasped his chest and tried to cry out but no sound came from his mouth. All he could do was gasp for air as he fell to the ground.
Adam heard the thud of his partner’s body hitting the floor and scattering the food dishes but couldn’t see anything. He called out ‘Charlie, what’s the matter...Charlie can you hear me?’ he reached over and touched the crumpled body of his colleague who was now lifeless. He undid his shirt collar and felt for a pulse...there was none.
Adam got up and banged on the cell door ‘you had better get in here; you have a dead prisoner on your hands.’ He thought it ironic that he should be using those words.
John Judge and Terry were summoned and quickly came on the scene. The door was opened and a light turned on. Adam French had now resumed his reclined position on his bed. The body of Charlie Metson lay where it had fallen. ‘Get a medic in here fast’ he said to Terry ‘What happened?’ John directed his question to Adam French.
‘I don’t know. It would seem like he had a massive heart attack but at least that’s saved you a job eh?’
‘I don’t know what you think we had in mind for you two but I can tell you that I had no intention of killing you. My intention was to show you a new way. I was convinced early on that you particularly, deeply regretted what you did to Kenny and believe me Mr French that was more important to me than taking your life.’ John turned to Terry, ‘get Alan Walker to escort Mr French to the nearest wash room, get him some fresh clothes and a decent meal. I will talk to you later Mr French and we’ll discuss where we go from here.’ John turned and left at the same time that two medics removed Charlie Metson’s body from the room. 
***
Adam French had just finished eating a hot meal when he was joined by John Judge. ‘Alan you are relieved I will take over from here; please return to your section.’
‘Yes Sir’ Alan got up, holstered his pistol. As he turned to go Adam French said ‘thank you soldier.’ Alan nodded an acknowledgement and left.
‘Yes he is a good soldier too Adam. His hands were badly crippled by one of your Stapo Conpen guards some years ago and he has every right to be bitter but he’s learnt that we do nothing simply for revenge sake, there always has to be a reason.’
‘But when you despatched the squad at Southgate police station yesterday wasn’t that revenge?’ Adam asked.
‘Come with me, I want to show you something that may answer your question.’ John led the way through the tunnels to Bank deep shelter. Adam was amazed at the organisation. At each junction or new platform, armed guards would stop them, confirm their identity and then allow them to proceed. Sections of armed men would pass in military fashion, disciplined, organised and purposeful. John was immediately recognised by everyone they encountered. Adam noted the admiration in their faces.
They eventually reached the deep shelter at Bank. As they approached, Adam could see hundreds of families in what looked like makeshift rooms. Blankets were slung over ceiling railings for privacy and bunk beds were fully occupied by elderly people and children. The more able family members cooked, washed, and generally managed their small space Just as if it was home. It fact, that’s exactly what this space had become. 
John saw the look of wonderment and surprise on Adam’s face. ‘There are over one thousand people here and there are several other deep shelters just like this around London with similar numbers occupying them. You may ask why they are here and why not in their homes above ground. Let’s go ask.’
There was an excited buzz around the shelter as people realised that John Judge was here. One of the first families they saw was a middle age woman, two small children and an elderly infirm man. John asked ‘why have you come here ma’am? I’d like you to explain to my colleague.’
The woman spoke. ‘Well John you can guess these children are too young to be mine. They are my grandchildren. Their parents were taken by the Stapo’ she spat on the ground trying to remove the bad taste the mention of the name left in her mouth. ‘They just came one night and took their father away. He’s never been seen since. His wife, my daughter, tried to force them to tell her where he was and was told he’d been in an accident and was dead. She kicked up such a fuss that she was arrested and hasn’t been seen since.’
‘Thank you ma’am, I’m really sorry to hear that, I truly hope we will find her soon and bring her home to her children.’ John noted the anguish on Adam’s face.
They walked through the tunnel stopping every few metres to speak to the families. The stories were all similar although they weren’t all disappeared; some were known to be in a Conpen or prison. Old people who couldn’t survive above ground and young children without fathers formed the bulk of the underground population.
‘We’ll make our way back now Adam and on the way I’ll answer your question.’ 
After a couple of kilometres, John spoke ‘you asked was it revenge? I believe not. Each time we have eliminated an assassination squad or attacked the establishment we have limited their ability to make more children fatherless, fewer families have to escape underground, we have brought nearer the day when our elderly will cease to die earlier than they should and brought nearer the day when we can return to a full and free democracy. So Adam, my answer is no, it is not about revenge. What I do and have done is about the future; revenge is about the past. Before I release you I need to know whether you believe that.’
The pair soon arrived back at Goodge Street and sat on a dusty ledge away from the troop’s rest area. ‘Have you learned anything from this last 48 hours? John asked.
‘Yes I have and it shames me deeply to know I have been party to inflicting the misery that these people have to endure. I don’t understand how any of us could have let it get this far. When the riots and the lawlessness were at their peak, I felt justified and even patriotic in helping get the society back to some normality. I never saw where it would lead when the power and control we were given took over. I can’t change the past John but I can do something about the future. Just tell me how I can help.’
‘I somehow figured that was the sort of response I’d get from you so I have a proposition for you to think about. First of all, how likely is it that your ex colleagues at Southgate will have been discovered by now?’
‘It’s quite possible that they haven’t yet. In the short time we were there we were only contacted once and there was no requirement to call in and there would be no check calls from HQ because as far as the force was concerned we were seconded to special duties and no longer part of normal routine.’
‘Ok, but it is still a possibility that Winterton has tried to get in touch.’ 
‘Yes that’s possible John and if he has then a physical check would have been made. It has only been just over 24 hours and my guess is that they are still undiscovered. What are you proposing?’
‘We first of all establish that the fate of kill squad is still unknown and if it is then you would go back there and raise the alarm. You would be bound and gagged and unfortunately will have to receive a nasty bump on the head to make your story believable. You would continue to play the part of a hit squad working for Winterton. I want to know where Winterton lives and who is giving him his orders. I know this is asking a lot and it may mean you having to carry out some of his dirty jobs for him. Unfortunately, it would be necessary for you to be seen as an enthusiastic member of his set up so you must have no qualms about that. The quicker we eliminate him and his boss the quicker your task will be complete and you can go back to being the good cop I know you are. What do you think?’
‘How would I explain the disappearance of Charlie?’
‘That’s easy, you pointed him out as the copper responsible for Kenny’s death and we took him with us when we left. We left you alive to deliver a message for Garside –tell them this when you’re debriefed “We will continue to seek out these assassination squads and they will be found and eliminated. You Mr Garside will also soon be judged.” I’ll get someone to get you a hot drink while you’re thinking this out. We don’t have much time so don’t take too long.’ John got up and started to walk away.
Adam stopped him. ‘I don’t need any thinking time let’s do it.’
‘Ok we’ll get the show on the road. I will arrange for an advance party to check out the Southgate location and if it’s clear just you and I will go inside.’
Orders were given and a small reconnaissance party left to check the Southgate police station. John and Adam followed a short time later. During the journey they discussed how Adam would be contacted and how often. There would also be an emergency signal similar to that used for Graham Johns.
At the Southgate Tube tunnel John’s radio cracked into life. ‘The target is still intact and surrounding area clear; you are good to go.’
John and Adam pressed on and cautiously entered the police station. Adam winced as saw the dead bodies of his former colleagues. It wasn’t that they were his colleagues; that was a relationship forced upon him but it was more the eeriness and smell of the room that shook him.
John started to tie Adam’s hands, ‘I’m afraid I will have to knock you out to make your delay in raising the alarm believable so I apologise in advance. When you wake up you’ll find you are hooded. I will knock the station phone off the desk as I leave and it will be conveniently close enough to you for you to use, with difficulty. Good luck Adam.’
Before Adam could respond, he was knocked against the wall resulting in a large bruise on the side of his face. John didn’t hold anything back when he sideswiped his new colleague on the side of his head with the heavy end of his machine pistol. Adam sank to the floor unconscious. John hoped he hadn’t seriously hurt him but he did what was necessary if Adam was to be believed. 
It was two hours before Adam came to and despite a severe headache; he groggily managed to dial 999 and alert the police. A large contingent of Stapo arrived within minutes of his call finding the bound and hooded officer lying close to his murdered colleagues. Paramedics were summoned and Adam was stretchered off to hospital. DS Walters was informed and reported the discovery to Mark Slattery who immediately asked to speak to the First Minister. The police Commissioner was ushered through the hall to Garside’s meeting room. ‘Good evening Commissioner and what is so urgent that needed my attention tonight? I have a dinner engagement at City Hall so please get to the point.’
‘Three police officers were murdered sometime in the last 24 hours, another is missing presumed dead and one other seriously hurt and in hospital. These officers were not under my jurisdiction and from what I can gather were on special duties...’
 Garside interrupted ‘why on earth are you bothering me with this Commissioner? Surely, this is a police matter. You know as well as I that there are some dangerous criminal gangs around and I trust you to remove them from our streets.’
Slattery continued, ‘It’s not as straight forward as that Sir.’
Garside looked perplexed.
‘The surviving officer was able to give a brief account of the attack on the officers at Southgate police station, a station we understood was not manned. He was given a message by the apparent leader of the attackers and it was to be given to you.’
Garside became very uncomfortable ‘and what was this message’ he asked haughtily.
‘The exact words we believe were, “We will continue to seek out these assassination squads and they will be found and eliminated. You Mr Garside will also soon be judged.” ‘There are a number of questions that this episode raises First Minister because this is not the first time the words “assassination squads” have been used.’
Garside was incensed, his face was red with rage and he sat with his fists clenched tight. ‘I have no time for this nonsense. I have no idea what that message means and I don’t care. I have far more important business to take up my time than answer cryptic messages from a bunch of criminals. Now I suggest you leave and get on with capturing them and putting them out of action.’
‘I will do that Sir but I must know what those officers special duties were and what were they doing at Southgate police station, an allegedly unmanned station.’
‘You must know, you must know, Commissioner... you must nothing.’ Garside raged and spluttered. ‘Just remember I put you into that job, I can just as quickly remove you. Now get out of my sight.’
Slattery got up and turning his back on Garside left the room. He cursed his naivety in accepting this role and realised his position if not his life was in jeopardy. He was slowly putting pieces of the jigsaw into place and needed to be extra careful. He would call a meeting with DS Walters and his new Superintendant both of whom he believed he could trust.
Garside cancelled his dinner engagement and sent for Mason. He paced up and down his office waiting for his MI5 man. The threat message was clearly meant for him and scared the hell out of him. This Judge fellow seemed to know what he was doing and so far, he appeared unstoppable which made the threat even more frightening.
‘Ah Henry, thanks for coming so quickly. I take it you are aware of what has happened.’
‘Yes I am Tony, my man Winterton has briefed me. It’s obvious that they were after the two officers who beat one of their men to death while he was in custody. I don’t know how they found out that they had been attached to the special unit. The surviving officer was left alive to pass on a message to you and I believe Slattery has passed that onto you already.’
‘Yes he has; our Commissioner worries me greatly. He was demanding to know what special duties your men were on and what they were doing in Southgate. I’m afraid he’s becoming dangerous.’
‘Do you want me to release one of our squads as we did for Reynolds?’
‘Absolutely not. We can’t have two Police Commissioners being killed in such a short space of time; it would be too suspicious. And anyway we would have to recruit someone else and that would not be easy with their predecessors life span being so short. No, we need to find something that we can use to keep him quiet. I’ll leave the details to you. More importantly what do we know about Judge and his men and how are we going to stop him?’
‘We know his personal details and his military background we also know he and his group are well armed, well trained and organised. And we now know that their base is anywhere underground. They are utilising the underground network which of course has been disused since the bomb attacks about 15 years ago. If you remember, the government of the day decided against repairing the tube and blocked off every entrance. He has managed to develop bases in different parts of the network, which has given him the ability to move around London at will. But more than that we don’t know. I don’t believe the two captured individuals can tell us any more than they have.’
‘So, Henry how is he going to be stopped?’
‘We have considered flooding the tunnels but that would have a devastating effect on London’s ability to carry out its daily business because of the amount of infrastructure that is woven into the underground system. We have toyed with the idea of using Sarin gas but containment of the gas within the tunnels would be impossible. I believe our best option is to use the military in a seek and destroy operation. We don’t know exactly which part of the underground Judge and his forces are at any one time as they move around frequently. By using some of Keatson’s highly trained and well equipped crack troops it shouldn’t take them long to find and eradicate Mr Judge and his followers.’
 Garside was enthusiastic about the idea ‘I’ll get the Major General to come in first thing in the morning and I will brief him on his new task.’
***
‘Good morning Alfred’ Garside greeted his military commander who had been hastily summonsed to Garside’s office. He was briefed on what he was to do.
‘It will mean Sir that I have to put several thousand troops on the streets to cover all of the underground entrances.’
‘No Alfred I do not want the streets of London looking like there’s been a military coup. Do this discreetly above ground but with full rigour underground. The business community above all must not be affected and of course I do not want any of our law abiding citizens harmed in any way.’
‘Of course First Minister, I understand.’ Keatson then turned to Henry Mason, ‘what intelligence do we have that will help me in the planning?’
Mason gave the General what he had which wasn’t much but Keatson accepted the task and left vowing to get the job done quickly.
As the General closed the door behind him Garside turned to Mason, smiled and said ‘I believe we will soon be seeing the last of Mr Judge.’ 
Chapter 13
2035
Graham Johns reluctantly answered his phone; it was from an unknown number and he regularly ignored unidentified callers. On this occasion curiosity got the better of him ‘Hello’, was all that he said.
‘Superintendant Johns this is Police Commissioner Slattery, I would like you to meet me tonight at 8pm at the Queen Mary’s Gardens Containment Pen. It has just been emptied of its occupants and the warders’ offices will be available. DS Walters will join us. I want this meeting to be kept strictly between the three of us...’
Graham interrupted ‘just a minute, how do I know who I am speaking to is who you say you are. Given what is going on these days I could be getting set up.’
‘I appreciate your caution Superintendant and I can give you no evidence to allay your fears but all I can ask is that you trust your instinct. I could wait until tomorrow and call you into my office but the nature of what I want to discuss with you and DS Walters is highly sensitive and possibly dangerous. My office would not be appropriate. I have selected you because my instinct tells me I can trust you. I hope you will reciprocate.’ The phone went dead.
Graham felt uneasy and yet he sensed an opportunity. If this actually was the Commissioner then for him to give an expression of trust without really knowing him was a serious step and one that could be beneficial in the bigger plan. It could also be a set up; he thought but somehow believed that to be unlikely. He decided he needed to discuss it with John before he went to the meeting tonight. Graham, always mindful of being followed, circuitously entered Waterloo underground but remained near the surface entrance. A handheld radio was hidden close by for occasions like this. He switched on the transmitter and selected the pre agreed frequency. ‘John its G, I need to meet you urgently.’ He waited some minutes for a reply.
John responded ‘where are you?’
‘At the surface entrance to EV 231.’
‘I can be with you in 5 minutes.’
John emerged from underground slightly breathless. ‘What is it Graham?’ 
Graham explained the phone call he had received. ‘I’m not sure John what this is about but I’m convinced it was Slattery. He mentioned that DS Walters would be there also and I do know him. He’s an honest cop who’s been around the block. What do you think, should I go tonight or not?’
‘Yes you should go but not completely on your own. I will send an advance party to look at the area and we’ll get some of our Overgrounders to give us heads up on what’s going on around there. I know the Conpen where he wants to meet and we will be able to watch you go in and come out without us being seen. I’ll get it set up now, so good luck my friend and don’t worry, we won’t be too far away.’ The two men shook hands and left. 
At 7.55pm Graham edged his car into the Inner Circle of Queen Mary’s Gardens. As he approached the Conpen he saw the warders’ office and two cars parked outside. His pulse was racing as he pulled alongside the other vehicles and he slowly got out of the car. He looked around the area nervously but knew that John’s men were not far away even though he couldn’t see them. He entered the office and saw that it was indeed Slattery that had called him today and thankfully, he recognised DS Walters. He felt significant relief as Slattery stood up and extended his hand. 
‘I’m so glad you decided to come Superintendant I know you had every cause to doubt the call I made. It makes it doubly satisfying that I made the right decision to ask you to come here.’
Graham shook hands with Frank Walters and asked ‘so Sir, what is this all about, the secrecy and everything?’
Slattery started, ‘firstly, if you don’t mind let’s make this meeting informal by using first names, mine’s Mark, this is Frank’ he said pointing to DS Walters, ‘and you are I believe Graham. Secondly I must ask for complete confidentiality because what I am about to discuss with you must not go anywhere outside us three. Because what you will be party to could put you in grave danger so I am giving you both the opportunity to leave now and if you choose to do so I give you my word that this meeting will never have taken place.’
Neither man moved.
Slattery continued. ‘Ok, Frank will confirm that when I took this job on I was, to say the least, a bit naive. I really had no idea what was going on and genuinely believed Commissioner Reynolds was indeed assassinated by terrorists. But too many things have happened that have opened my eyes. Firstly, I have information that confirms that Reynolds was assassinated by people in my force and they were directed by our secret service. I now know that kill squads are operating on the orders of our First Minister and managed by MI5. How I know this is not important but the fact that I have directly challenged the First Minister by insisting that I am told what the officers who were killed at Southgate were doing there and what their special duties were has put me in the firing line. I believe that I may receive the same treatment that was meted out to Commissioner Reynolds.’
‘What makes you think that you might be assassinated Mark?’ Graham asked.
‘Simply by witnessing Garside’s response when I confronted him about the so called Special Duties squad. He was enraged and I knew then that I had hit a raw nerve. I have no doubt at all that he will want me out of the way before I get any nearer the truth. The action I am also about to instigate will no doubt infuriate him further. So, gentlemen that is why I am asking for your support. Garside has instructed the military to enter the underground system and seek out Judge and his followers and destroy them. He wants no visible over ground military activity but small attack groups sent underground. I am to provide the over ground patrols in support but they are to be discreet and appear no different to our normal street patrols. I have no intention of carrying out that command. Furthermore, as of tomorrow I will be issuing instructions that the Metropolitan Police Force will return to being what they should be – an organisation there to serve the public. There will be no more heavy handed treatment of civilians, no more Containment Pens and we will seek out these so called Special Duty Squads and apply the full rigour of the law against them before Mr Judge gets to them.’
‘So how can we help?’ Graham asked.
‘Obviously once Garside is aware of what I am doing he will want to get rid of me one way or another. You are my succession plan and you must seek out others that you trust and make them your successors. I cannot overthrow Garside because he still has the military behind him and I cannot announce the new direction through the State TV channels so everything that needs doing must be done internally. Section Commanders must be briefed, new rosters instituted, community policing services reintroduced, only selected members of the force to carry weapons and last but not least, the kill squads identified and arrested before they do anymore harm. The general public are going to need winning over after all the years of brutality; we have a reputation to live down. I’m hoping Mr Judge is going to give us some help in that regard that’s if he and his men survive the forthcoming confrontation with the military. Whatever happens underground between the military and Judge after this plan has got underway gentlemen, each of us will be in grave danger so we have to take extra precautions.’
Frank Walters blew out his cheeks and made a silent whistle. ‘I can’t begin to tell you Mark, how much I have prayed that one day I would hear such words. I don’t know about you Graham but I am with the Commissioner all the way.’ 
Graham responded ‘it’s not going to be easy. We will be trying to change a culture that has been developing for over 20 years. There’ll be plenty of naysayers and many who will be reluctant to see the power they’ve wielded removed. Going back to old fashioned policing will be a tremendous challenge. I have to say that you Commissioner will be putting yourself in significant danger; I cannot imagine Garside or his cronies ignoring your earth-shattering policy changes without a reaction. There will be retribution and it will be swift. But I support what you are intending to do wholeheartedly. I believe however, it will be prudent for us to have a get out plan.’
‘What are you suggesting Graham?’ Slattery asked.
‘Nothing specific at the moment Sir but I’d like to think we have some sort of escape route in the event that the way forward is cut off. I guess it’s a habit from my military days. If you don’t mind I shall think about it and present some options for you to consider.’ Graham knew that John Judge and deep beneath the streets of London were the only way the three of them could escape the reach of Garside and his murderous solution to opposition. Graham doubted that Slattery would survive for too long after he started his new look Police Force. 
Slattery thanked his co-conspirators and called for a formal meeting in his office the next day. 
John and Graham met soon after Slattery and his DS had left. John was not surprised by the news of an impending military assault. He had considered the possibility for some time and had a plan. He was surprised by Slattery’s intention to change the policy towards policing. That was a brave move but John thought it was nevertheless foolhardy and hardly likely to succeed. ‘Graham, as soon as Slattery announces his intentions it will get back to Garside in a flash. I’m assuming he will not be announcing that you are a co-conspirator?’
‘No, he wants a succession in place in case any thing happens to him and therefore we agreed that my name and Frank Walters would not be mentioned. When we are briefed with the other commanders tomorrow we will act as surprised as they. If he is “disappeared”, we are to try and encourage everyone to carry out his orders. Of course, whether that is possible will depend on who assumes command in his place. There are lots of good coppers John but I’m afraid too many bad ones who will not allow this plan to work.’
‘Ok, make sure you and Jane are protected and make your way to your underground station as soon as you get a whiff that they’re on to you. As Slattery has admitted he knows of the kill squads he should know who they are and where they’re hiding. Can you try and get that out of him? I’m hoping Adam French who has now left hospital will lead me to Winterton, their handler and once he is out of the way it will be more difficult for them to operate. I need to go back now and get the men ready for this military intrusion.’
‘But you don’t know what part of the underground they will use to get to you or when John. How are you going to plan for that?’
‘Don’t worry my friend we will be ready for them. I believe they will come in from both directions using the Northern line tunnels. It makes sense because they will know that’s where the deep shelters are and where we are most likely to be. We have to stop them before they get to those deep shelters otherwise a lot of innocent people will be in the firing line. My aim will be to contain them shortly after they have entered the system. I will have sections available as a contingency in tunnel entrances in the East and West. And I have an ace up my sleeve so I’ll get on with making ready. Graham be very careful, Garside will explode when he hears what Slattery is doing. Good luck.’
The two men parted company each unsure whether they would ever meet again. 
***
The Police Commissioner cleared his throat as he prepared to give his briefing. All of his senior officers were present and bemused by the implied urgency of the call they had received that morning.
‘Gentlemen, thank you for coming. Since my promotion to Commissioner I have had opportunity to review what it is we are doing, how we are doing it and what effect we have had on the society we serve. I am pleased to say that riots, criminal activity and antisocial behaviour have almost been eradicated and that is a great credit to you all. What is to my great shame is the way some of our officers have abused their position of power. The general public no longer have faith in their police force and it is with deep embarrassment that I find we are not held in esteem but we are despised. That is not entirely unexpected given the dysfunctional society we have had to deal with over the last 10 years or so. However, what is unforgiveable has been our inability to change and recognise that the methods we used were no longer appropriate or acceptable for the people we were given the responsibility to serve.’
There were quiet mumblings here and there and an uncomfortable shuffling of feet as many of those present realised this was not a pat on the back but a serious reprimand. There was an air of disquiet.
Mark Slattery looked squarely into his audience’s eyes.
‘As of today, we will start a programme of change. I want each of you to go back to your areas of responsibility and brief your staff at every level. Today we start to treat the public with respect. There will be no more containment pen activity. Anyone committing a misdemeanour will from now on be dealt with using due processes of the law and will be treated fairly. I want to see your forces redeployed with the emphasis on community service. In other words, I want to see us get back in touch with the people. All weapons will be returned to the armouries and a select few will be recruited to be part of an armed response squad. The public will not respond positively immediately, we have to erase years of mistrust but we have to be patient and dedicated. I am not expecting this will be easy but I am relying on all of you here to carry out this policy with energy and enthusiasm. I know that many of the police officers in your commands will welcome the opportunity to return to the old policing ways. Some unfortunately will not want to let go of the power they were able to exert on others. They must be identified and retrained. If they cannot be retrained then they must be removed from the force. I will not be distracted from this way forward Gentlemen it is the only way. Are there any questions?’
Slattery finished his address.
‘If we are to disarm, Commissioner, surely we are even more vulnerable to the terrorists than we were. How do we protect ourselves from this Judge character and his men?’ One Chief Inspector asked.
‘To the best of my knowledge Chief Inspector, whenever there has been an attack on our patrols only their weapons have been taken and no officers have been killed. Those officers that have been killed have been those on what has been called ‘special duties’. That is a matter of a separate investigation and I can assure you it does not affect the policy I have outlined or indeed put your men at risk. I firmly believe that when Mr Judge sees that the police are reverting to the role they were meant to carry out such as protecting the public instead of abusing them he will concentrate his efforts on other matters. And I would add at this point if Mr Judge or any of his followers are caught in the act of breaking the law then I expect them to be arrested. That will be one of the responsibilities of the armed rapid response squads. In any event, I think you will find that Judge will have his hands full in dealing with the military. As far as I am concerned, he is not our responsibility. Are there any other questions?’
A superintendant nervously coughed and asked ‘what has the Government’s response been to your plan Sir?’
‘I have not discussed it with Government and have no intention to do so. Policing is a matter for the Police and should only involve Government when the Police are not doing the job they are there to do. From tomorrow we will start to do what we are meant to do. I do not believe that any Government would not support what I intend to happen. I will brief the First Minister when the changes are well under way. If that is all gentlemen, I will expect a report on progress from you in one week’s time.’
As the attendees dispersed there was much muttering and behind the hand comments; a nervousness was apparent. A few officers welcomed the change but many could not see their men being overwhelmingly joyous at becoming street coppers again. The removal of weapons would be a major obstacle.
Graham spoke briefly to Frank Walters ‘what do you think? Is he going to pull it off?’
‘I guess we can only wait and see. I must admit I didn’t see a great deal of enthusiastic body language. What do you think?’
‘I agree; most of the vibes I picked up were negative. I have serious concerns for the Commissioners safety and once he is dealt with, if you know what I mean, then any of his supporters will also be removed. I want you to promise me that if you get any sign that they are coming for you get in touch me; I have a contingency ready and waiting.’
Frank Walters was surprised but agreed. 
***
Major General Keatson had briefed his commanders and they agreed that a small group of specialists rather than a full on assault would be the best way to deal with the insurgents. The men selected were highly trained and heavily armed and were given their orders. They were to be split into four groups entering the underground system from four different directions. The main focus would be on the Northern line, one would enter in the North at Hampstead and the other from the South at Clapham South. The other two groups were to sweep through from the East and the West. Explosives or grenades were not to be used but any targets that were contacted in the tunnels were to be destroyed using small arms fire. Orders were specific there would be no prisoners. Many of the soldiers were uncomfortable about this operation. They had fought in Iraq, Afghanistan, and other trouble spots in the world but never had to fight against their own people. They were also aware that they would be extremely vulnerable in the tunnels with only one way in and one out. Most of the soldiers had heard of John Judge and what he had been doing and many of them had families who were suffering under this repressive regime. So there was little stomach for the task ahead. But they were soldiers and were trained to obey. 
John Judge knew exactly what was going through their minds as he prepared his men for the assault against them. He knew exactly from which direction his adversaries would enter the underground system but not at what point so his defensive plan relied heavily on selecting the correct access points. His main concern was the southern route. Stockwell station deep shelter was the base for nearly 200 men and their families. In addition, other families and children had moved in for the relative security and support of John Judge and his team. So in all there was over 1000 men women and children housed in that underground tunnel. John believed that the army would enter at Clapham South. The air was poor in that section and the lighting inoperative so they would be heavily equipped with breathing and night vision equipment. John did not view this as a great advantage as these men were highly trained and experienced soldiers, nevertheless, it made them less mobile. 
Judge did not believe that the soldiers would harm the women and children and in any case he could not move them out. The logistics and time required was too great. So his plan was to let the enemy enter the deep shelter at Stockwell and move an armed unit of his own down into the underground at Clapham North behind them thus cutting off their retreat. Non-combatants were moved well away from the expected entrance point and small explosive charges were placed at that position. At the first sign of a threat to the people living in the shelter, the explosive charges would be detonated. So with armed units behind them and explosive charges to their front the military unit would have only two choices; fight their way out or lay down their arms. John applied this plan to each of the deep shelters that were currently occupied. Contact with the soldiers was to be avoided so all units were despatched to jump off points that that would keep them away from the advancing troops as they made their way through the tunnels. Communication links were set up at selected tunnel entrances and Overgrounders were to report on any over ground movement. 
John’s radio cracked into life ‘troops being offloaded at Clapham South.’ Other messages rapidly followed ‘troops offloaded at Notting Hill Gate.’ ‘Troops offloading at Archway.’ ‘Troops disembarking at Mile End.’
John asked Terry if he knew how many where being deployed. His second in command responded ‘we think they are using just one platoon and have split it into four sections of 12 men. Do you think they’re underestimating us?’
‘Not at all Terry, they’re professionals and they know that too many of them in the tunnels at the same time would be a hindrance especially with the equipment they’ll be carrying. Their jump off points are not a million miles from where I thought they would come in. I’m not too bothered by Notting Hill; there won’t be any of us on that stretch. Thankfully, they haven’t come down the Belsize Park route so our fledgling government is reasonably safe. Have we got enough men there to protect them? I don’t want to leave them exposed.’
‘Yes, we have two large sections deployed, one at each entrance. We also have explosives wired up to halt any threat should it come.’
‘Good. We must protect the civilians that will be exposed at the three deep shelters so as soon as the first contact is made I want to know where it is and the outcome. I suspect I will see the first action at Stockwell. Good luck Terry.’
Lieutenant Julian Denning gathered his men in the surface entrance to Clapham South Tube station. The other three sections of his platoon had reached their drop off points. He carefully examined the metal staircase that would take them down to the station platform and decided that they would descend at 30-second intervals. As each man reached the station platform they took up defensive positions. In 6 minutes all of his section was crouched on the platform scanning every nook and cranny with their night vision scopes. JD as he was affectionately known to his men signalled for them to proceed north along the tunnel. The journey was slow and after nearly one hour they reached the next station without making contact with their target. They moved on for another 3 kilometres until they reached Stockwell. JD held his hand up to halt any further advance. Each man dropped to the ground into a prone position and scanned their field of fire but there was nothing. JD had heard something though and remembered the briefing about the deep shelters. His section was directly above such a shelter. He searched for an entrance point that would take them further below ground. Having located a stairway he ordered his point man to proceed. Each of the section followed with JD interchanging places with his lead man. They reached the entrance to the shelter, which was dark, but their night vision sights told them that the area was occupied. JD was uncertain about what his group was facing he gave his silent signal to maintain their position. JD deduced that there were several small figures huddled together in groups at one end of the shelter and these were surrounded by larger people. He saw no weapons. ‘Hold your fire’ he commanded. Suddenly the shelter was illuminated and the soldiers quickly removed their night vision sights. 
JD looked stunned when he saw the women and children huddled in groups. He and his men edged forward. ‘What are you doing here and where are your men?’ he asked of no one in particular. He waited for an answer. One woman stepped forward ‘we’re here because we have nowhere else to go. Your political masters have murdered or jailed our men so we have come here for the only protection we trust. We have nothing above ground to go to. Here at least we’re not taken from our beds in the middle of the night and thrown into one of your Con pens.’
JD signalled his men to lower their weapons. As he did so, John Judge and a heavily armed section of his men had quietly approached from the dark stairwell to the rear. ‘She is right, she and everyone here is forced to live here.’ He said loudly.
The section leader spun around and reached to raise his weapon as his section fell to the ground in offensive positions.
‘Do not attempt a firefight here lieutenant many innocent people will be hurt. I promise you I will not initiate an action against you or your men. I will come into the light and will be unarmed.
‘Come forward and identify yourself.’ JD commanded.
‘Lower your weapons’ John countered.
The section leader nodded to his men to comply.
John emerged from the darkened stairwell unarmed with his hands visible. ‘Before you consider your next move, Lieutenant I have over forty armed men behind me. The entrance to your rear is also covered by my men. As a precaution, the stairwells are wired with explosives. They are not powerful enough to bring the roof down or harm the civilians here but are sufficient to render you and your men inoperative if you chose to carry out your orders and then try to retreat.’ John paused allowing the Officer to consider what he had been told. ‘Put down your weapon and come forward thirty paces by yourself, I will do the same and we can discuss our next move without any unnecessary bloodshed.’
JD held his hand up indicating to his men not to take any action. He slowly placed his weapon on the ground. The two men approached each other cautiously. 
‘So you’re the famous John Judge.’ The Lieutenant maintained a defensive distance from John. 
‘I don’t know about famous but I am John Judge, shall we sit?’ John pointed to the concrete ledge at the side of the shelter. He was about to speak when his radio hissed indicating a new transmission. Terry Bayliss sounded distraught ‘John, we’ve had an engagement at Chancery lane. I’m afraid we’ve taken casualties.’
‘How many Terry, do you need back up?’
‘I haven’t lost any men John, we have civilian casualties. They started firing from inside the stairwell and then the entrance charges were detonated. I’m afraid we have four dead and several wounded. Two of the dead are children John; the bastards have shot young kids.’
‘What’s the current status?’ John asked.
‘The injured are being seen to as best we can, the military are boxed in with my section at their rear so for the moment they can’t move either way. They’re pinned down at the rear and can’t go forward because of the debris. And anyway I have men coming in from the other end now. For two pins I would just take the lot of them out.’
Before John could respond the Platoon Leader picked up his radio, ‘Delta 1 to all sections abort your mission now, I repeat, abort. Acknowledge over.’
Each section acknowledged with the exception of the one trapped at Chancery Lane deep shelter, ‘Bravo 24 we are pinned down and the only way out is to get past some heavily armed insurgents. We will take heavy casualties over.’
JD looked at John for a sign that he would allow the men free passage. John duly nodded his head and called Terry telling him to withdraw.
JD flicked on his transmission switch, ‘Delta 1 to Bravo 24 you will be allowed to return to the surface shortly without obstruction. Do not initiate any further action and return to base. Acknowledge.’
‘Bravo 24 out.’
‘Well Lieutenant where do you go from here?’
‘I’m not sure Mr Judge, I cannot condone the killing of our own people, especially children and I will not be party to it. I will probably face a court martial for disobeying orders. But I don’t believe my orders including the killing of innocent civilians. So whatever the penalty I will take it.’
‘You and your men are welcome to join us.’ John said, ‘we could use your experience and training. We believe that the battle we have been waging for the last ten years is drawing to a close. Our interim government is putting the final touches together for a truly democratic constitution and I believe many members of our police force are becoming disillusioned with the oppressive role they are forced to play. So, change is coming.’ 
‘I am already in deep crap for disobeying orders and now you’re asking me to desert. You know something John Judge I think I will take you up on that offer. As for my men I will need to speak to them.’ Both men stood and shook hands before the Lieutenant walked slowly back to his team.
‘Gather round,’ he said ‘I’ll come straight to the point guys, I know none of you have been exactly comfortable with the task we were given. I certainly did not relish the orders that were issued to me. For some time now I have become disenchanted with fighting wars thousands of miles away, wars that in many cases were open to question. Now I’m being asked to fight against our own people and tonight we were responsible for the death of innocent civilians including two children. I cannot continue to be party to that and have decided to stay with John Judge and his men to help in any way I can to bring about a new and just society. I have already disobeyed my direct orders and now I will be classed as a deserter but I’d rather live with that than the alternative. So men, you are all free to leave. It is your choice. Mr Judge has assured me that you can leave here unhindered. The other sections of the Platoon have been instructed by me to abort their mission and return to base. Goodbye, I wish you all well.’ He shook the hand of each of his men warmly and waited for them to leave. No one moved. 
One of them said, ‘well I for one aint going anywhere Sir. It shames me to know what we were about to do here, so, I’m staying with you.’ Each of the other eleven men took a similar stance. JD was overwhelmed. ‘Do you realise what you are doing, you’re deserting and the penalty if you’re caught will be a serious stay in a military prison or worse.’
The self-appointed spokesman said ‘well we’ll just have to make sure JD that we’re not caught. Isn’t that right guys?’ 
They were all in agreement but one asked ‘what will happen to us after all this is over, will the Army still treat us as deserters?’
JD was about to answer when John approached. He had overheard most of what had been said. 
‘There will be no retribution against anyone who has stood up to this regime. I will make sure of that I promise. I have to warn you that you will be living underground like most of us and you may be called upon to confront your previous colleagues at some point. That will be a difficult thing for you to do, I know. But if you still wish to be part of this movement then you are very welcome.’ There were no signs of doubt or discord from anyone so John continued. ‘You will all remain under the command of your Lieutenant who I believe you refer to as JD. That’s fine with me. JD, I will assign one of my commanders to you until you are fully up to speed with how we operate and what our plans are. We will provide you with sufficient equipment for you to billet down here. In the meantime, I suggest you introduce yourselves to the civilians who live here. Oh, and be nice you came close to shooting them.’
JD and his men mingled amongst the families of Stockwell shelter and after the initial reticence, cups of coffee were provided and the people chatted with the soldiers and started to smile again.
John was horrified at the thought of the deaths of children and adults and felt that it was a heavy price to pay for the limited success they had achieved. He made his way quickly to Chancery Lane to visit the bereaved and the wounded.
Chapter 14
Winter 2035/36
Major General Keatson was now feeling his age. He had done all that was asked of him for nearly fifteen years. From helping set up the Conpens and protecting the police to providing covert protection for Garside’s business partners, gambling casinos and factories that were constantly under threat. He was tired and it showed. He was summoned to Garside’s office once again. He had a good idea what was coming. 
‘What on earth is going on General? I thought you had crack troops under your command and now I’m told they not only did not take Judge and his men out, some of your men deserted including one of your Officers.’ Garside was speaking through clenched teeth, his face red with anger. ‘Do you have an explanation for this grossly negligent failure?’ 
Keatson reached inside his jacket and pulled out an envelope. ‘Mr Garside, here is my letter of resignation to take effect immediately. When any of my troops desert and especially an officer, I can no longer claim to have the trust of the men under my command. For them to take such drastic steps indicates to me that I have badly misread the course that I have followed. So, Sir, you can stop your bullyboy tactics with me as I am no longer under your command and personally, I am too old to continue listening to your ranting. My second in command will no doubt provide all that you require. He has been instructed to make himself known to you today.’ The General stood up slowly and standing to attention saluted the Union flag that was draped in the corner of the room, turned and left.
Later that night Major General Keatson was found dead at his home; he had shot himself.
Meanwhile Garside was furious about how his power base was being challenged. Henry Mason was asked for his assessment of the situation.
‘Well Tony it’s not good. We have intelligence that Slattery is changing his policing policy. His intention is to get them back to being coppers on the street, community servers and general good guys in the public eye. As for Keatson, we can forget about him, he’s harmless now. His successor is a General Carsforth who is a much younger man and very ambitious. I’m sure we can bring him on board.’
Garside spluttered ‘just a minute, Henry, who gave Slattery permission to change the Policing policy?’
‘He decided to do so himself and has declared that he will only inform you when the new policy is well under way to being implemented. He also said that he would not provide the support above ground for the army that he agreed to when they were to go underground but I don’t think it would have made any difference to the outcome. His plan is to remove all weapons and reissue them to a select few as an armed response squad. Tony, he is attempting to turn the clock back and there are a few who agree with him.’
‘How dare he do that without consulting me’ Garside fumed. ‘I take back what I said about dealing with Slattery. Discrediting him will take too long; deal with him any way you want Henry but get him out of our hair quickly. As for the Army, get this Carsforth in to see me today. We cannot lose the support of the Police or the Army, if we do then we will return to the anarchy we had 15 years ago. I’m already receiving flak from the Americans and the UN about so called human rights issues. Fortunately, we still have some support from one or two Eastern Bloc countries. We must continue to lay the blame at the terrorists’ door for any “control measures” we take.’
Garside and his right hand man greeted General Carsforth’s arrival warmly. He was a tall well-built man and quite young for his level of rank. And ambition was evident in his confident demeanour. 
‘So, General, may I first of all congratulate you on your promotion.’ 
Thank you First Minister I’m sure I can provide the sort of support you require and I’m equally sure that my efforts in that regard will be suitably rewarded.’
Garside subtly raised an eyebrow ‘of course General any exceptional endeavours in support of my long term plans will be recognised appropriately. So, let’s get down to business. What are you going to do about the terrorists causing so much disruption and how will you deal with the obvious disquiet amongst the ranks?’ 
‘The terrorists will be dealt with, I promise you. I will present my plan on how I will deal with them in due course. As for the deserters, under military regulations the maximum sentence is death by firing squad. This punishment has not been carried out by any tribunal for many years but I intend to change that. Any deserter who is caught will face the ultimate sanction.’
‘Excellent General, thank you; I’ll leave you to get on with your planning. I will expect you to attend my weekly Cabinet meetings but please keep me informed privately of any delicate developments.’
The General acknowledged and left the office. 
Mason got up to leave saying ‘I will get on with arranging Mr Slattery’s departure. Good day First Minister.’
During the following week Mark Slattery and General Carsforth were both busy formulating their plans for change albeit in very different directions. Meanwhile Adam French met with John as he was now back on duty having been discharged from hospital. He explained that he had been thoroughly debriefed by Winterton and was told he would be part of another “special duties” squad who were based in a disused office opposite the old police station in Spitalfields. It was decided not to use the station for security reasons given that Judge and his men have already taken two units down from within Police stations. 
‘Adam I need to know when you next meet with Winterton. Can you get that information to me quickly?’
‘It will be the squad leader who will be contacted as soon as a target is identified. I will get out to the Spitalfields office and see if I can get close to whoever that is.’
‘Good. When you know a meeting time and place for them, go to the Aldgate East tube station entrance. You will find a concealed entrance at the side of the station and inside near the old ticket office there will be a transceiver. Call me; the frequencies we use are well protected so no need to disguise the information. I also need to know who the target is. Good luck Adam and be careful.’
2 days later John’s radio crackled into life ‘They are meeting tonight at 7pm at the South East corner of Finsbury Square. The target won’t be known until after that meeting.’
John acknowledged and the radio clicked off. He now had to move quickly. Studying the map, he decided that the jump off point would be Moorgate Station. His team was brought together. ‘Mal, we will need a fast moving vehicle with a side entrance sliding door big enough to shove one person in together with the snatch squad of four. Can you get one before 7pm tonight?’
‘I’ve got the very thing stashed away for such an event John. What are we doing tonight?’
‘We are going to lift the kill squad’s handler who we believe works for Mason of MI5. We will also take out the squad leader who will be there to receive his next target. We want to know who that is and at the same time get what we can from Winterton the handler. Terry, I want a back up section in support that will merge with us from Liverpool Street because I know that he will have back up with him. That back up may be on foot or in a blacked out car. They need to be identified and taken out before they can react to their boss being lifted. I believe we have a job for you here JD. Your night viewing equipment will be invaluable.’
‘That’ll be right up our street. If it is ok with Terry, I and my section will be happy to be under his command.’
John interrupted ‘JD, are you certain your men are ready for this?’ 
‘I’m absolutely certain John. They made a decision when they joined up with you and fully realised what would be expected of them. They became aware that they, for the first time in their military careers, would be fighting for a cause they could believe in. I have no doubt whatsoever that they will serve you well.’
John looked to his second in command ‘Ok, Terry it’s your call.’
‘I’m more than happy to have such an experienced crew, welcome on board JD. Shall we get down to some planning?’
That evening Terry and JD together with the section of soldiers moved out towards Liverpool Street from Bank Underground. John and his section of four men with Mal driving set out for Moorgate. They would sit at Moorgate until Terry and JD had assessed the surrounding area of Finsbury Square. It was clear. JD and his men were covertly spread out and continued to observe through their night vision sights. A man, dressed in Police uniform, was spotted standing at the South East corner. This was relayed to John.
At precisely 7pm, a blacked out car approached the corner of Finsbury Square, stopped, and a passenger got out. The car moved on and parked about fifty yards further on. John knew that this was Winterton on schedule for his meeting. He said ‘go, Mal. Terry, take out the car and its occupants.’ Suddenly Finsbury Square was alive with uniformed soldiers firing shots into the blacked out windowed car, only now there were no windows and two men in the rear seats with a driver still behind the wheel lay dead. Simultaneously, Mal had accelerated towards their target. The van screeched to a halt alongside the two dazed individuals. The side door slid open as the van stopped and John and his team leapt out. Four of the section picked Winterton up off his feet and unceremoniously threw him into the van. As the side door slid closed John fired one shot instantly killing the assassination squad leader, he extracted the envelope the man was clutching as he fell to the ground and jumped into the passenger side of the now moving van. By the time John settled into the passenger seat the men had bound, hooded and gagged their captive who had now ceased to struggle.
Winterton was man handled all the way back to base through the various tunnels to Chancery Lane deep shelter. He fell several times and was dragged back up to his feet. On arrival, John instructed the team to lock Winterton in the small alcove that was already prepared. There was no light and it was damp and cold. The teams were debriefed ‘well done to you all it went off as planned. I intend to speak to Mr Winterton in a couple of hours. In the meantime, he must be kept isolated. He is probably well trained in how to handle such a situation but nevertheless, I’m sure he will sweat a bit. I am going to visit our injured people now. Get yourselves some rest. Terry, JD after the men have dispersed I would like you to help me examine the contents of the envelope I extracted. One of us may know the individual who was their intended target.’
John opened the brown envelope and slipped the contents out. There was a photograph and a slip of paper with the words “this target must be eliminated quickly, do it tonight”. He turned the photograph over ‘well, well, well I’m not at all surprised.’
‘Who is it?’ Terry asked.
‘It’s our new Police Commissioner Mr Slattery. Having assassinated the last one I didn’t think they’d have the bottle to do it again so soon. He must have really pissed them off.’ 
JD was staggered ‘are you seriously saying that this establishment is systematically eliminating any opposition? I can’t believe it.’
‘I suggest you start believing JD, Garside will do anything to keep in power and will exercise whatever control he thinks necessary to do that. I would like you to come with us when we talk to Mr Winterton who I believe is just the messenger but I’m hoping he will confirm what we already know.’ 
The cell door swung open and was suddenly illuminated. The now un-hooded captive squinted and squirmed against the bright light that invaded his darkness. He could only see the vague outline of three figures standing in front of him. He was strapped to a chair with his hands tightly bound. His gag was removed.
‘Hello Mr Winterton. I guess you know you know who we are so I won’t bother with introductions. In order to avoid any unnecessary unpleasantness I suggest you answer my questions quickly and truthfully. If you do that I promise you that I will let you go.’
Winterton sneered ‘and if I don’t?’
‘Then you will die’ John replied in a quite matter of fact way.’ 
‘How do I know I can trust you Mr Judge?’
‘You don’t Mr Winterton but I don’t think you should chance calling my bluff.’
For the next hour the prisoner answered John’s questions. Who gives you your orders? Who selects the target? How many ‘special duty’ squads are there? Where are they based? The questions came thick and fast, the answers almost as quickly. John already knew the answers to all but the last and was pleased to know there was now only one unit left in addition to what remained at Spitalfields and that was housed in a Police station on Earls Court Road.  
‘Thank you for being so candid with me, there is just one more question, the address of Mr Mason, where does he live?’
Winterton stammered ‘I don’t know where he lives.’
‘Now that is a shame Mr Winterton because I don’t believe you. I think you have been to his home on more than one occasion so would you like to reconsider your answer?’
‘I don’t know, really, I don’t know.’
‘Terry take him to the execution cell then dump his body outside Mason’s office’ John turned and started to walk out of the door.
‘Stop, no, you promised you would let me go if I cooperated.’ Winterton pleaded.
John continued to leave the room as Terry started to release the prisoner from his chair. ‘Alright, alright, I’ll tell you. The prisoner gave up Henry Mason’s address. 
Apart from Garside of all the people John wanted to face it was Mason. ‘Mr Winterton, because you did not live up completely to your side of the agreement I am not going to let you go.’ The colour in Winterton’s face drained. ‘But don’t worry you will not meet your maker yet. You will be escorted to one of our units in the North of the country and will be held there until I believe our immediate business is complete. I cannot risk you warning your bosses of our probable intentions given what we now know.’ He nodded to Terry who understood what he had to do.
John and JD left Terry and a section of men to deal with the prisoner who would be secretly despatched to a unit in Manchester and handed over to them for safe keeping until further notice
John now needed to speak to Graham to warn him of the possible threat to the Commissioner. 
Graham Johns knew as soon as he saw the signal that an urgent meeting was called, he made his way to Waterloo Station using as many diversionary tactics as he could without delaying his arrival too much. The two men greeted each other warmly. John started by passing the brown envelope to Graham who slid the contents out and read the typewritten note, he then looked at the photograph. Graham blew a puff of air from the side of his mouth. ‘I had an idea this might happen but not this quick.’
‘We have stopped it this time Graham by taking out the squad leader and lifting his handler, a guy called Winterton who was the provider of their target details. He works for Mason at MI5 and is now being transported to one of our units in the North where he will be kept out of the way while we deal with some issues he was able to tell us about. You need to find a way of warning Slattery that he is in grave danger but how you will do that without exposing your connection with me is a difficult one.’
‘I’ll find a way John but I seriously don’t think Slattery’s plans are going to get off the ground. There are too many vested interests and particularly for those who are used to being armed and having the power that that brings. They do not want to become street coppers again so there are a lot of people dragging their feet behind the policy. There is also a new army commander in charge, Keatson was found dead at his home two nights ago.’
‘What! Was that Garside, Mason?’ John asked with raised eyebrows.
‘It is not thought so. The view is that it was suicide brought about by the pressure he was under. The new guy is a General Carsforth, younger and very ambitious. He and Garside will get on like a house on fire. Be careful John, word on the street is he is after you and the army deserters especially the officer. He wants to impress his new paymaster.’
Graham returned to his duties whilst John went about the task of planning what he would do about Mr Mason. As he was Garside’s right hand man Garside would be weakened by the loss of this support. He asked Derek Farson to take on the responsibility for taking out the kill squad that was housed in Earls Court Road Police station. Over the next two weeks, that job was completed and easier than usual. The ‘special duties’ squad had become sloppy and undisciplined mainly due to inactivity and lack of direction So Derek completed the task with minimal fuss. Adam French moved underground and became a valued member of Paul Cobb’s team.
***
High class restaurants, casinos and some night clubs were closing because their sponsors were getting nervous over the deteriorating security situation. Garside was now warming to Carsforth’s plan of making a greater show of strength on the streets especially as Slattery was still determined to reposition his policing methods. He and Mason discussed the disappearance of Winterton and could only conclude that he had been taken by Judge and his men. Garside expressed his concern that he may reveal too much and asked ‘just how much did your man know Henry?’
Mason lied ‘not much Tony. He was given the target, he managed the hit squad, and that was about it. Talking of which, the squad we had based at Earls Court Road has been wiped out by Judge’s men. There were no survivors and unfortunately we have no more resources to call on until we can recruit some more.’
‘I hope your man was as quiet as a church mouse Henry. It seems a bit odd that we should lose a squad almost immediately after your man went missing.’ Garside said suspiciously and with menace. There was long pause before he continued. ‘I cannot see how you can recruit more resources with Slattery around. He must be got rid of, he is making my job of running this country impossible.’
‘I’ll call in one of my specialists from an overseas post and get it sorted Tony.’ Mason knew that it would take weeks to extract an operative from their current project. He concluded that he might have to look for alternatives. As things turned out, he didn’t have to bring anyone in because three days later Commissioner Slattery was shot by one of his own men. An armed policeman stormed into Slattery’s office and fired three shots killing him instantly. The official report concluded that PC Abbots shot and killed the Commissioner while suffering a mental breakdown. Before he fired the fatal shots he was heard to shout ‘I’m not going to let you destroy what we have spent years building, you bastard.’ The assailant was then shot by one of the Commissioner’s aides.
The Deputy Commissioner, now temporarily in charge, decided he would allow the status quo to continue until a new Commissioner was appointed. He wasn’t going to rock any boats and knew the strength of feeling against his deceased boss’s ideas. He duly issued instructions to defer any of the changes the Division Commanders had started to initiate, if any. Graham Johns and Frank Walter’s agreed that they were powerless to intervene. Garside was overjoyed; he now had the Police and the Army back firmly in his control. For him it wasn’t about wealth anymore; he had accumulated enough over the last 15 years and happy it was safely stashed away; no, it was all about power. The power to control and manipulate people and events was like a drug to him. Even in his dealings with the International community he revelled in his ability to lie to them with impunity. He didn’t care that they knew he was lying.
***
Over the next 3 months, the Army were frequently visible on the streets especially at night. They were instructed to observe potential insurgent attack targets and engage with them if the rebels emerged above ground. All units were specifically instructed not to enter the underground in pursuit. Carsforth was particularly worried of further desertions. John Judge was no fool he knew that a straight head to head fight with a highly trained military unit would be foolhardy. He had instructed his commanders to hit and run. Targets would be selected on the basis of a low likelihood of meeting up with an Army unit. It did not always work out. Derek Farson was killed along with four of his men in a skirmish with a military patrol whilst JD lost two of his section in a separate engagement. The loss of Derek particularly was devastating for John and the other founder members given the years they had worked together and the sacrifices they had made. Derek Farson would not now see whether it had all been worth it. John vowed that it would be.
The local military units that had engaged with JD and his section wandered through the dead bodies and searched them for identity. There was of course, none to be found but most of the men were shocked to see that they had killed their own comrades. ‘What the hell have we done here Sir?’ The corporal directed his cry to the Platoon leader.
‘That’ll be enough Corporal, we’ve carried out our orders and that’s all you should be concerned with. Now get the section back in line and returned to their vehicles. And collect any weapons and Army equipment you find on the bodies.’
‘But Sir, are we going to just leave them here?’
‘They’re deserters and terrorists Corporal, let their comrades bury them. Now get a grip of yourself and move the men out.’ 
The Corporal and his men moved resentfully back to their personnel carrier continuing their search for more contact with their target.
Two nights later twelve soldiers and their NCO entered the underground at the North Greenwich tunnel and were spotted by a section of Mal Adams’s lookouts who quickly alerted Mal about this incursion. The military unit had managed to advance as far as Canada Water interchange having waded through two areas of tunnel that was badly flooded. The leader of the group was aware that a unit had deserted during a previous engagement at Stockwell and was making his way there to join them. They had stashed their weapons in the tunnel at North Greenwich and so were unarmed and vulnerable. Mal Adams arrived with a heavily armed section and took up positions in and around London Bridge interchange tunnel and waited. The three sentry’s had withdrawn and joined up with their section.
Mal watched the troops advance slowly towards them and was about to give the order to open fire when the lead man of the Army patrol shouted ‘we’re unarmed and want to talk to you.’
Mal replied ‘if you are the leader come forward on your own holding your hands out where I can see them. And just in case this is a set up you might like to know that just where you and your troops are, the walls are wired with sufficient explosives to cause you and your men a considerable amount of discomfort.’
The NCO advanced with his hands held high above his head. He and Mal met and there was a discussion for several minutes. ‘Lower your weapons men’ he said turning to the section behind him, ‘bring your men forward Corporal and we will escort you to our base.’
One month later another section deserted in the north and General Carsforth was enraged. He summoned his Commanders and warned them that they must regain control of discipline. ‘We cannot allow this blatant disregard for military discipline to continue Gentlemen, it is having a detrimental effect on moral and I have made a commitment to the First Minister that we will eradicate the insurgents from the city. Damn it men that is what we are going to do. Do I make myself clear?’
Those present mumbled their acknowledgement. One of the Battalion Commander’s spoke ‘we have apprehended one of my men who was found trying to leave the barracks. He claims he was just going AWOL to see his girlfriend but he was fully equipped and was armed. He is currently under guard.’
‘Good.’ Carsforth was pleased. ‘I will set up a tribunal next week and we will set an example for all to see. I will not tolerate cowards and deserters in my army. No gentlemen, I will not. Once the sentence is passed I want all three battalions on parade to witness the execution by firing squad.’
‘Surely Sir we can’t pass such a punitive sentence without a trial?’ 
‘You have said yourself that he was leaving the barracks fully equipped and armed, is that not so?’
‘Yes Sir but...’
‘There are no buts Colonel, he’s a deserter and will be executed as per military law. You are all dismissed, thank you.’
Within the week, three battalions of men were assembled on the large military parade ground and formed three sides of a square. At the open end a solitary wooden post stood unaffected by the thousands of eyes fixed upon it. An eight man firing squad took up their positions about 30paces from the post. A Regimental Sergeant Major called the gathering to attention as Carsforth and his battalion commanders entered the square and took up a position to the side between the firing squad and the wooden post.
A young soldier dressed in a grey jump suit and escorted by two heavily built guards tried to march in step with his escorts. His legs buckled as he saw the thousands of eyes turn towards him as he emerged from his confinement quarters. He partially collapsed and was helped up by the guards who then virtually lifted him off the ground. He tried to walk but his legs would not respond, his face a ghostly white, his eyes darting about frantically looking to see some sign of help. As the thousands of pairs of eyes followed his faltering steps towards the wooden post, the Regimental Sergeant Major screamed out ‘look to your front and stand still.’ Heads instantly snapped to a rigid vertical position.
The young soldier was strapped to the wooden post with a special harness that would hold him upright and still. His Commanding Officer read out the charge and sentence primarily for the benefit of the unwilling audience. ‘Rifleman Woodbridge you have been found guilty of desertion and so sentenced to death by firing squad in front of your peers. Do you wish to say anything before you meet your maker?’
William Woodbridge sucked in a deep breath and said as loud as he could ‘May God forgive you. Listen, all of you, don’t turn your guns on your...’
The order came ‘Fire’ drowning out the rest of William Woodbridge’s words.
Eight shots rang out and Rifleman Woodbridge’s body jerked and his head slumped forward. Just one of the eight in the firing squad had ended the young soldiers life before he could finish what he was saying. The signal had been given prematurely by Carsforth when he realised that the young man had more courage than he gave him credit for and that his last words could be extremely damaging. He did not know it yet but he was too late to prevent the impact of those words.
A military doctor pronounced the young man to be dead and he was duly released from his containment harness. The medics slowly rested him on the ground and covered him in a blanket. One of the medics was clearly upset and tears filled his eyes as he helped placed the body onto a stretcher.
After the observers were dismissed, the main talk was of what the rest of the sentence could have been. The general conclusion was “don’t turn your guns on your”... neighbours or your own kind. They knew deep down that it couldn’t have been anything else. And so most soldiers returned to their barracks sickened by what they had witnessed. Over the following weeks Platoon Commanders and Section leaders worked hard to raise moral relying mostly on their troops instinctive need to obey, their training and experience was focussed on that unquestioning characteristic. Obey commands, obey your superiors, do not question, kill the enemy. General Carsforth unknowingly had generated a question in his soldiers minds this day, “who was the enemy?” they asked.
Over the next few weeks there were many confrontations between Judge’s men and the Army but there were also several more desertions. JD was given the task of pulling those resources together into a cohesive unit. 
***
2036
After John had returned from informing the wives of the men who died in a tunnel cave in. He had left the distraught Mrs Arnold when she asked for his wife Marie to come and see her. Of course, she didn’t know she had been killed but John just couldn’t face discussing it and had to get away. Terry was left to deal with that. John remembered finding an unused alcove and lay down on a makeshift bunk, looked up at the mildewed arched ceiling and tried to sleep. He slept but it was fitful. As he drifted in and out of consciousness the events of the years that brought him to this point invaded his memory.
John woke up cold and damp. As he gathered his waking thoughts a wave of grief overtook him as he remembered his wife Marie who had died in his arms. The noise of his radio brought him fully back to the present ‘Dad it’s Jason, where are you, are you ok?’ 
John replied ‘I’m ok just needed some quiet time. Don’t know exactly where I am, just wandered about and ended up in here. I’ll meet you at N100 shortly.’ John knew Goodge Street was fairly central and he wouldn’t be too far away from it. He took a deep breath and set out, firstly to find out where he was in the underground maze and then on to Goodge Street to meet up with his sons.
Chapter 15
2036
Alex and Jason waited for their father to arrive at Goodge Street deep shelter. Jason hated the way he and his brother were protected by their dad. Most of the missions they were sent on were relatively safe and if they weren’t dad saw to it that Terry watched over them. ‘I just want to be a soldier like all of the others, not treated specially and mollycoddled.’ Jason would often say. Of course, he knew why his father was overprotective having lost his wife and their mother. He was determined not to lose any of his sons.
John entered the tunnel and warmly greeted his two sons. ‘Let’s go and grab a cup of coffee and we can have a chat.’ John seemed buoyant. The three men walked on to where a group of men were standing around a warming coffee pot ‘ok if we join you?’ John asked.
‘Of course Sir, you know you’re always welcome, grab a stool. We’re about to leave now to join up with the rest of the section.’ One of them replied.
‘Good luck and keep safe guys’ John said as they left. Terry Bayliss, JD and Mal then joined the group. 
John suddenly looked sullen and addressed his sons, ‘I need to warn you both that things are going to get extremely difficult for us all over the next few months. I believe we will take many casualties and may even lose this war. I think you should think carefully about getting away, perhaps to France or Germany before the exit points get blocked.’
‘Why Dad? What’s brought this on?’ Jason asked.
‘I was led to believe that there was a chance that the Police were withdrawing their support for the establishment under Mr Slattery. He is now dead; shot by one of his own men. It would appear that his temporary successor has stopped any policy changes and so they remain in their current role, that is to say loyal and at the beck and call of Garside.’
‘But that’s not a problem dad. You’ve fought the Stapo and all it stands for for years, what’s different?’ Jason argued.
‘Yes I know we have taken on the Stapo and have been in the most part, successful but now there is a new threat. A new Army Commander is in control and by all accounts is ruthless. He is determined to stop further desertions and has demonstrated his intentions by executing a young soldier for trying to join us. He has vowed to use all of his power and resources to find us and wipe us out. He particularly wants to get hold of JD. Garside is so worried by our success and anti government murmurings coming from the general public that he has virtually given this General a blank cheque to seek us out and destroy us.’
Alex spoke for the first time ‘If we got out would you be coming with us?’
‘No Alex, my place is here to try and finish what I started.’
‘Then you are being unfair to ask us to run away just because it’s going to get tougher. I’m not going to do that dad and I don’t need to ask Jason; I know what he will say.’
Terry interrupted ‘Listen boys, you’ve already lost your ma; your father does not want to take the chance of losing either of you. Get out now while there is an opening. If we fail here then at least you two will be a bit older and can carry on the fight.’
Jason responded ‘Terry if you fail here it is likely that you will all be dead, including my father. Yes, you’re right we lost our mother so you can bet your arse we are not going to lose our father, not as long as we have an ounce of strength left in us. He stays and fights then so do we. And just one other thing dad, we do not want any special treatment. We’re in this just like anyone else.’
Terry looked at John with a knowing glint in his eye and said ‘they are their father’s son’s right enough!’ 
‘Ok you two have it your way but promise me this, you will be careful and obey your section commander. Do not do anything foolhardy or get involved in any John Wayne antics.’
‘Who’s John Wayne?’ Alex asked innocently. The group with the exception of Jason and Alex laughed heartily. 
‘Mal, I’d like you to show the boys some of your tricks of getting into vehicles and hotwiring them. It’s should be part of their training and the skill will be useful later.’
‘Ok boss. Let’s go guys. I’ve got a car just outside the station and hidden above ground; I think we should be ok.’
‘Terry, JD, I want to discuss with you a particular operation I want to complete before the heat gets turned up, but before then I think a visit to Belsize Park would be in order. Let’s find out how our Interim Government is getting on.’
For security reasons all of the trip was underground and took about two hours but it enabled John and his senior commanders’ opportunity to speak to guards and resting sections they met along the way. Moral was high and John was surprised given the losses they had suffered recently. He put it down to the increasing number of professional soldiers joining their ranks. JD now had slightly more than a Platoon of men under his command.
Belsize Park deep shelter was a blaze of lights and frenetic activity. People were seen hurrying from one desk to another giving out papers and taking papers in return. Many civil servants had joined the ranks and so mini ministerial departments had been formed. Treasury, Health and Education departments busied themselves formulating operating procedures. There was even a foreign Office department headed by Edward Grainger. He was keeping a watchful eye on international developments through his contacts in France.
Greg Harper rose from his desk and warmly greeted John and his colleagues, ‘thanks for dropping by John. We have lots to tell you.’ The group sat around a large makeshift table made up of several smaller tables.
John asked ‘what’s your progress Greg, how close are we to producing a workable constitution?’
To John’s surprise Greg Harper wheeled out an overhead projector and proceeded to brief John, Terry and JD on what they called their 21st century Magna Carta. ‘It’s still not complete’ Greg said ‘but we’re nearly there. The main point of it is that as soon as the organisation is in place then democratic elections will begin. When a new government is properly elected by the public then we, the Interim Government, will step aside. The Constitution will never again allow a single party or individual to have power over the citizens of this nation. We have been in touch covertly with the King in Antigua and he has pledged his full support. By the way he is aware of what is going on here and wanted to return but his request was refused on the grounds that it was too dangerous.’ 
Greg went on to explain other elements of “Magna Carta 21”, the NHS would be re-invigorated, corrupt business owners would be banned and their assets confiscated, empty or partially used factories would open as co-operatives with Government financial assistance, any individual would be allowed to rent a machine and the space around it to produce goods. That way, factory assets would be fully utilised and small business entrepreneurs would have low cost resources at their disposal. There will be a minimum wage structure again and Unions will be allowed. However, Unions will be restricted to taking action only if they have the majority of their membership in support of whatever action they are recommending. Each Company must, under the Charter, allow for a workers council with at least one of its members sitting in on board meetings. These we believe would keep any overzealous unionists in check. Containment Pens will be dismantled and never allowed again. The judiciary will only be appointed when they commit to the charter; any that do not commit to it will not be allowed anywhere near a court. A major rebuild of schools and hospitals will take place and...’
John interrupted ‘hang on a minute guys, this country is currently bankrupt where is all the finance for this coming from?’
‘Yes, we understand that all of this cannot happen overnight but we do believe that when the International community become aware of our intentions and Garside and his cronies are ejected they will come to our aid, we’re sure. Edward has already put out some feelers regarding IMF loans and he’s getting some positive feedback.’ Gregory Harper spoke with an infectious enthusiasm. ‘There is much more to do John and even with International aid, assuming that was forthcoming, there will be hard work and hard times ahead for everyone I guess for many years to come. But we believe there will be renewed hope and enthusiasm and an energy that will be the engine that drives success.’
‘Greg, from what I have heard so far I am really optimistic that the framework you have outlined is a fantastic way forward. I just hope we can achieve the platform for you to implement it. We have to make sure nothing stands in your way. Please continue the good work.’
John and his team left and he thought, ‘I just hope that all of their efforts will not be in vain. With the Police and Army still supporting Garside, it’s not going to be easy.’
Back at Goodge Street, John, JD and Terry sat in the small command centre. Reports were coming in of frequent engagements with the military and the police. The Army had limited Judge’s units’ activity by covering the entrance and exit points to many of the underground stations. Every time a unit emerged from a jump off point, the Army was waiting, opening fire and driving the rebels back underground. There were invariably casualties. John asked Paul Cobb, his explosives man, to provide alternative exits to those that had been established. This gave the units the ability to go above ground and outflank the Army or Stapo. General Carsforth was reasonably pleased; he was limiting the insurgents’ activity and at the same time reducing their numbers. He was unconcerned that some civilians were killed in the crossfire. He was more worried that despite his showcase execution of Rifleman Woodbridge there were still some desertions. He needed another demonstration to reinforce his point.
He didn’t have to wait very long. Three infantrymen were stopped late one evening attempting to leave the camp. They had learned from the incident with Rifleman Woodbridge that they should leave their weapons and equipment behind. They wore their civilian clothes and for all intents and purposes were skipping out for an unofficial night out on the town. After their capture, they were confident that all they would get was a minor slap on the wrist. Carsforth held his tribunal in their absence and declared them guilty of desertion. Their fate was sealed. They were to face a firing squad in front of their peers in two weeks. They were given no leave to appeal. The men’s’ Battalion Commander Jock Fraser was incensed and by keeping his true thoughts to himself he ostensibly was seen to support Carsforth’s court ruling. Secretly he could not condone this grave injustice and unnecessarily punitive punishment. He visited his men in prison and was shocked by their condition. He knew that they were about to desert on the night of their capture but still felt the firing squad was not the way to punish them. They didn’t beg for their lives or make excuses to him but he could see that sleep had abandoned them for the days and nights since their trial. He scoffed at himself for calling it a trial; it wasn’t a trial it was a travesty. This relatively young Colonel vowed to try to delay the macabre carnival that was to be enacted in one week’s time. 
***
‘I intend to kidnap Mason and remove him from his position of influence’ John announced in his usual determined voice. ‘Garside will be that much weaker with his “advisor” not at his side. And he will no longer be able to recruit murder squads or carry out Garside’s dirty work.’
His friend and second in command listened and was shaken by this announcement, ‘John, my friend, do you realise how much power and call on resources this guy has? He is continually surrounded by heavily armed bodyguards; his car is bulletproof, bomb proof and John Judge proof! How on earth could you possibly even contemplate taking him out?’
‘I intend to gather him up in the middle of the night from his bed at his home. I want him to experience what he has been doing to many innocents for years. I believe we have the skills and the resources to pull it off. Do you remember when we lifted Abu al Hanardi from just over the border in Pakistan? He almost had an army of guards around him but we did it and never fired a shot.’
‘Yes I remember John but we were a lot younger, fitter and fully kitted out. We had American spy satellite data, drones and a shed load of back up To my knowledge we’re a bit short on all of those things.’ 
‘We’ll just have to play by it ear my friend and who knows we might just get lucky.’
Terry shook his head in resignation ‘Ok I’m with you, so what’s the plan?’
The two spent the next three hours planning the operation; an operation that John thought would turn the odds in his favour if successful. 
The following night Mason’s guards were disabled one by one along with his elaborate alarm system. John and his specially selected arrest team quietly entered mason’s house. Once they discovered the main bedroom, they entered noisily and shouted at the dazed and stunned MI5 man ‘Mr Henry Mason you are under arrest, get up, get dressed and come with us.’ 
His wife started screaming, Mason shouted for his security team to no avail. John commanded Mrs Mason to keep quiet and calmly told her that she would come to no harm if she did as she was told. Mason was still frantically pressing the buttons on his landline phone, which had been disabled, along with his guards. He reached for his mobile phone and one of the arrest team swept it away from his reach sending it clattering to the floor. The huge arrest team member crushed it under his size 12 boots. Mason started to quiver and asked ‘what is it you want? You realise that you will not get away with this.’
John ignored his comment and repeated ‘You are under arrest Mr Mason. You are to get up, get dressed and come with us. If you do not do as you are told immediately we will take you out of your bed as you are.’ 
‘What do you mean “under arrest”; you have no authority to arrest me.’
John nodded to the arrest team leader who together with another of his largely built men stepped forward and physically lifted Mason out of his bed. He was a small man dwarfed by the six-man arrest team who were physically carrying him out of the room clad only in his boxer shorts. Mason’s wife sobbed as the men carried her husband out of the house and into a waiting vehicle. John had decided to take Mason to Chancery Lane deep shelter where there was a suitable holding cell for his guest.
On arrival Mason was given a one piece overall to wear which was a bit on the large side. He cut a pathetic figure for a man who wielded so much power. His cell contained a stool and a wooden framed bed with a very thin mattress on it. He was left there for several hours before John was to visit him.
‘John, I thought you were going to kill him in his bed. How come you’ve brought him back here?’
‘I never intended to kill him Terry, come with me now and let’s have a chat with him.’
Mason’s cell door swung open, John and his Second in Command entered. Mason sat on his bed against the wall with his knees tucked up to his chin. John looked him squarely in the eyes, Mason turned away. ‘Look at me Mr Mason because I want you to see the level of hatred I feel for you when I tell you what I am about to say.’
Mason in a quivering voice said ‘I know you are going to kill me, what can I do to change your mind. I’ve got plenty of cash if that’s what you want. Or I can give you all you want to know about Garside; just don’t kill me, please.’
‘Believe me Mason, nothing would give me greater pleasure than to remove you permanently from this planet but I’m sorry you have another destiny. You have been arrested under the new citizens’ charter and will remain in the care of my organisation until such time as there is a democratic government in place. At that time, you will be tried for crimes against the people including corruption, murder and false imprisonment of innocent civilians. I sincerely hope you are given a death sentence but that will be for the courts to decide. As to telling us what you know about Garside, there’s nothing you can tell us that we don’t already know.’ John turned and left.
‘You can’t keep me here, you have no right. You can’t do this, I have a family.’
John stopped at the door and turned towards his prisoner, ‘do you remember Gerry Small the politician? He had a family too and a respectable reputation until you destroyed him. No, Mr Mason I have every right and it is you who have no rights. At least you will be given a fair trial and an opportunity to plead for your life. That’s more than you allowed all those you disposed of on behalf of your boss.’ The door slammed shut behind John and his team and Mason was left to contemplate his predicament.
‘Terry, move him out to the North but keep him away from Winterton. Make sure whoever is allocated to look after him that they treat him as a prisoner. There must be no mistreatment. On another matter, we have to ensure we gain control of the media as soon as we emerge to confront Garside and the State. Sooner rather than later irrespective of the odds, I have to face Garside and I want to do it with the media behind me. So let’s put some plans together on how we might do that. Arrange a meeting with JD, Mal and Paul and figure it out. In the meantime I need to speak to Graham even though it is becoming more difficult for him to escape his workplace without being noticed.’
All hell broke loose the next morning when Mrs Mason reported the kidnap of her husband. Stapo patrol sirens howled through the streets. Stop and search activity was intensified and Army patrols were much more evident. Garside was clearly disturbed by the loss of his aide and confidant. He called an emergency Cabinet meeting and was particularly interested on what the military and the Police plans were to recover Mason from the rebels.
‘Have you considered the possibility First minister that he may have already been assassinated?’ Carsforth was direct an unemotional.
‘Yes General, I have considered that possibility but I do not believe that they would have removed him from his home if they were going to kill him, it would have been done when they entered the house. They wouldn’t have gone to the trouble of carting him off somewhere just to kill him. I am convinced that he is still alive and is being used as some sort of bargaining chip. So I want him found gentlemen and intact.’
‘That would mean me sending troops underground Sir and we have no idea where he is being held. Therefore, it would require a massive operation and I suspect there would be many military losses; the rebels have a major advantage below ground.’
‘Are you saying that you cannot take on this task General?’
‘Yes Sir I am’ Carsforth replied in a matter fact way. The veins in Garside’s neck bulged as though they were about to explode.
The General continued, ignoring Garside’s imminent eruption. ‘There is another way that would eliminate the loss of my soldiers and still find out where Mr Mason is. ‘Garside’s rage subsided slightly and raising an eyebrow he waited for the General to continue. ‘I have a problem with an increase in desertions and will be putting three other attempted deserters up before a firing squad next week to set an example. I have some trusted young officers who I can rely on to stage a desertion and so infiltrate the rebels’ ranks. I’m sure I can arrange for two or three of them to undertake an operation such as this.’ 
‘I like what you’re proposing General, I’m impressed. Not only could they find Henry but also release him and perhaps, if the opportunity arose, even get rid of Judge and his senior people. I like it. Please get your deserters to desert as soon as possible.’ Garside’s ire had abated and he was now smiling.
The Deputy Police Commissioner said nothing and just nodded his head in supportive acknowledgement.
The following day the Deputy Commissioner called a meeting of his senior Officers and briefed them on what the Army’s intention were. ‘We are to keep our patrols clear of the area where the so called deserters are to enter the underground. I cannot divulge where that will be until two hours before the event for security reasons,’ he announced. Graham Johns was included in the briefing and knew he had to get the information to John or Terry quickly. 
The following morning John called his team together. ‘I have been told that we are going to get some more deserters soon.’ John described what he had been told by Graham. ‘The problem we have is how do we differentiate them from the genuine ones?’
JD said ‘I should be able to identify the real ones from the fakes if you give me a little time with them. We must in the meantime keep any new arrivals away from sensitive areas and personnel until we’re sure of them.’
John responded ‘that sounds ok to me JD; you vet them and let me know when you have the infiltrators identified and closely watched. Mason will be well gone before they get anywhere near where we were keeping him so what I would like you to do is tell them where that is and let them have their heads. We’ll have a welcoming party waiting for them in the cell when they break in.’
Since the announcement of the sentencing of the three soldiers, desertions had almost stopped so Carsforth knew he had to act before the executions in two days time. To wait until after the event would, he believed, completely eradicate any thought of desertion from the ranks and so make his infiltrators less credible. He briefed two of his most loyal young Officers and set them loose. They set out in the same way that previous attempts had gone, civilian clothes, no weapons except that they had cleverly concealed knives and a small 9mm Beretta inside their jackets. Their mission was, find and release Henry Mason, kill John Judge if the opportunity arose and any of his command team, the priority being setting Mason free.
They had rehearsed their story well of how they abhorred the executions and wanted no part of it. They entered the underground late that night and made their way along the dark tracks. A sentry picked them up just east of Liverpool Street and radioed their position to JD and his waiting team. The deserters were held at that point until the arrival of JD. ‘Hello gentlemen, can you tell me who you are and what you are doing here?’
‘I’m Second Lieutenant Hargraves and this is Second Lieutenant Willerby or should I say we were second Lieutenants until tonight. We have decided to leave the Army and join up with you fellows. So we are in effect deserting.’ 
‘And why would you want to do that? You’re Officers, trained at Sandhurst with bright careers ahead of you.’ JD asked.
‘We’ve had enough of the top man who’s hell bent on executing young soldiers. There’s another three facing his firing squad the day after tomorrow. We just can’t condone it or be party to it so we want to get away. And we’ve heard about your Mr Judge and what he gets up to. It seems to us that this is where the real action is.’
JD was already suspicious. ‘How long have you both been in the service?’
‘I joined the Regiment 12 months ago’ one of them said. The other had served just a little longer.
‘Ok gentlemen, welcome on board. I’ll take you to an area where you can get a hot drink and while you doing that I can brief you on what we are doing here.’
JD led the two men into Chancery Lane where they given hot tea. Since the Army incursion and shooting of civilians the shelter had been emptied and its occupants moved. ‘Until you are fully briefed I would advise you not to go wandering around, we have a very special prisoner here and we wouldn’t want him disturbed.’
‘Oh where?’ one of the Officers asked ‘just in case I need to find a toilet,’ he added hurriedly.
These guys cannot be for real! JD thought. ‘Don’t worry we have him locked up in the quiet part of the shelter out of sight of everyone. You couldn’t mistake it for the toilets anyway it’s a large steel door. We don’t even have to lock it now; the poor bugger can’t stand up never mind escape. Look, you guys finish your tea; I’ve got a job to do and won’t be more than ten minutes. Remember don’t go wandering about, I’ll be back shortly.’ JD left and hurriedly made his way to an observation point where he could watch the two so-called deserters. One of his men had been told to brief John that his expected visitors would show up shortly, JD was convinced that his reading of them was correct. He didn’t have to wait too long. One nodded to the other in a ‘let’s go’ signal. They furtively scanned the area around them and moved slowly down the shelter searching for a large steel door. JD watched knowing that they would find the only steel door that was in that part of the tunnel. As they approached they positioned themselves one each side of the door. Simultaneously they threw open the door and stepped briskly inside the darkened room. ‘Come with us Mr Mason, we’re here to help you escape.’
The lights were switched on and the two Officers faced John Judge and three of his heavily armed men. The colour drained from their faces and they turned towards the door as their only escape route only to find JD and two of his men barring their way. Willerby scrambled madly at his jacket frantically trying to extract his weapon. Hargreaves just stood motionless. 
‘Gentlemen, please,’ John spoke loudly and firmly, Willerby suddenly ceased his futile attempts to arm himself. ‘If you make any move towards being hero’s I can assure you that it will be futile, no one will ever know that you died here tonight so before you get hold of the weapons you’re carrying and point them at me or any of my men you will be shot.’ John waited for a response; there was none. 
‘JD, please disarm our guests and then we’ll sit down and discuss their future.’
After a calming period of time Hargreaves asked ‘how did you know we were not deserters?’
JD answered ‘just one thing, that you wanted to join up with John Judge because that’s where the action was. None of the genuine deserters, me included, cared or even considered “the action” they just couldn’t turn their guns on their fellow citizens. All of the men who came underground also struggled with the emotional trauma of deserting and it showed in their demeanour; it took some time before they were able to come to terms with it. Neither of you had that haunted look. So for me you came across very different to the rest of us.’
John picked up where JD left off ‘Ok, get them some hot food and lock them up for the night. I’ll consider their fate in the morning. By the way, when are the three soldiers going to face your firing squad?’
Willerby was quick to answer ‘the day after tomorrow. Why?’
John didn’t answer just turned and walked out of the room.
‘I pray that your General Carsforth rots in hell for what he is about do.’ JD spat the words out as he slammed the steel door behind him. He instructed the guards ‘make sure they do not leave this cell. If they need to piss throw them a bucket, they can rough it for the night.’
The two young Officers cursed themselves for being so naive and spent the night in their unlit cell contemplating the possibility that they also may face death between now and the day after tomorrow. 
Chapter 16
2036
The Beginning
Brenda Arnold was still grieving over her husband’s death in the tunnel collapse earlier this year. Having learnt that Marie Judge had also died she realised that she must fight on and so was pleased when John Judge asked her to meet him in the underground at Goodge Street to discuss a matter for which he needed her help. Brenda was considered to be a well respected Overgrounder and already well known for the help she gave the rebels and the vulnerable people above ground. 
As she entered the tunnel, she was met by Alan Walker and his now girlfriend Nurse Janice who were to escort her to John’s command centre. Janice welcomed her. ‘Hello Mrs Arnold, thanks for coming, John is waiting for you.’
John greeted Brenda warmly and went straight to the point, ‘tomorrow, three innocent young soldiers are going to die, they are to be executed by firing squad.’ Brenda clasped a hand over mouth to stifle the shock she felt. ‘They are being used to set an example to the rest of the troops and it’s something we have to stop.’
‘How can I help?’ I’m not exactly Rambo am I!’ she said with a coy smile. 
‘No, I know you’re definitely not Rambo Brenda. I don’t want you to go into the camp all guns blazing’ John said playfully. ‘What I would like you to do is deliver a message. You will not have to do anything except hand the message over. What I want you to say is this “this message is for the personal attention of General Carsforth and it is to be delivered to him or one of his aides immediately”.’ Are you ok to do this Brenda?’
‘Of course John, just show me where I have to go.’
‘Thanks Brenda. Your action may help us prevent some innocent lives being lost. The letter must get to the General or one of his aides before the executions are carried out tomorrow. Can you deliver this today?’ John passed her a sealed envelope. ‘It will be safer for you if you don’t know what’s in it.’
Brenda eagerly took the envelope ‘It will be the first thing I do after I leave here.’ 
After a short briefing, she embarked on her journey and duly arrived at the Ministry of Defence offices in Whitehall. She confidently approached the entrance that was guarded by armed soldiers. When she stopped and tried to speak to the guards an officer came from an entrance office. ‘Can I help you ma’am?’ he asked.
‘Yes I hope so.’ She replied. ‘I have been asked to deliver this envelope to General Carsforth or one of his aides.’ She put on her broadest East End accent.
The officer took the envelope ‘who gave you this?’
‘Some tall geezer said his name was Judge or something. Didn’t bother me who he was, gave me twenty notes.’ She said with an overly large grin. ‘So as soon as you give that to General what’s his name I can get off to the pub.’ 
‘I shall personally deliver this to General Carsforth Ma’am,’ the duty Officer said. ‘Just leave it with me and off you pop and have yourself a nice few drinks.’
Brenda sensed that this Officer was patronising her and was probably just going to dump the letter in the nearest bin so she added on leaving, ‘the tall geezer said that if his message wasn’t delivered then your boss will have your guts for garters.’ She giggled and jauntily walked off.
Brenda wasn’t wrong, the Officer hadn’t taken her seriously and would have ignored her instructions but her closing comments made him look carefully at the envelope. On the reverse it said, “This is a message from John Judge”. The importance of those words was not lost on him. He hurried to the Generals offices and spoke to one of his aides who took the envelope and went into the General’s wardroom where he was in discussion with several of his senior Officers.
Carsforth saw the message on the back of the envelope and quickly tore it open. After reading it, he laughed and dismissively threw the letter on the table. ‘Let us continue our plans for tomorrow gentlemen. We cannot let sentiment get in the way of our need to re-establish discipline in the ranks, so if Judge is true to his word then the two Subalterns who have been captured will have to forfeit their lives for that cause. They will have served their country with honour.’
The letter was quickly passed around the group of senior Staff Officers and Battalion Commanders. It said, “We have captured two of your Commissioned Officers in their failed attempt to infiltrate our bases. If you proceed with the planned execution of the three soldiers tomorrow, your Officers will also be executed. If you release the accused to police custody we will do likewise with your Officers.” It was signed “John Judge Commander United Kingdom Free Army”.
Many of those present did not share the General’s disregard for their fellow Officer’s. Some were seriously concerned by the way the outdated law of death by firing squad was being used without the accused having a proper trial. Of greater concern was the accused not having legal representation. A gloomy silence descended on the room.
Carsforth looked around at the faces on his Staff and anticipated dissent. ‘I trust I have your unwavering support Gentlemen. I must be able to see you setting an example especially in front of your men.’ He thumped the table, ‘I want you to get the message across; deserters will be executed. If we do not show complete solidarity on this then I can assure you we will have an unprecedented morale issue and possibly a large scale mutiny to handle.’ He slammed his fists into the table again. ‘That will not happen on my watch. Do I make myself clear?’
Each member of his staff nodded or mumbled an agreement. Many of those present believed the opposite, that the executions were more likely to cause low morale and even mutiny but most felt powerless to do anything about it. Carsforth was not a man with whom to cross swords.
Just before 11am the next day the London based Battalions were marched on to the parade ground taking up their positions to form three sides of a square. On the open side, newly set into the ground, were the three wooden posts that would restrain the sentenced soldiers to face their executioners. There was a darkness and foreboding in the air. Thousands of eyes were transfixed in that direction. The executions were planned for noon and the presence of the troops so early was deliberate. Carsforth wanted them to ponder on what they were about to see and instil as much fear as he could. The assembled troops were called to attention as Carsforth entered the parade square with his entourage of Staff Officers. He took up a position adjacent to the spot where the firing squad would be located. He looked around and it wasn’t fear he saw but revulsion. 
The Adjutant in charge of the parade ordered the prisoners to be brought forward. The three men walked with their heads held high and without assistance. As they approached, their allotted final places each turned and spat on the ground in the direction of the General as a last act of defiance. Harnesses were attached to their body’s holding them firmly to the wooden posts to prevent them from feinting or their legs becoming unable to support their weight. The process was painfully protracted. A soldier in the front rank of one of the Battalions wavered and fell to the ground, unable to maintain consciousness. Soldiers either side of him stepped forward to help him up ‘Stand still you men; leave that man where he lies’ the Adjutant commanded. The two soldiers snapped smartly back to attention with the prostrate body at their feet. 
In an obviously pre planned procedure Carsforth nodded to the Adjutant who shouted a command. The firing squad of twelve men carrying their weapons at the shoulder marched smartly into their allotted positions. They had been divided into three groups of four, each group allotted to aim at a particular wooden post. Three paces separated the squads to define the alignment to their target. The party securing the sentenced men to their wooden stakes completed their task, each avoiding the eyes of their comrades who were about to die. As one soldier finished securing a strap around the ankles of a condemned comrade, he stood up and a tear rolled uncontrollably down his face. The condemned soldier smiled and winked. The securing party were ordered to step back and march away.
Another delicate nod of the head from Carsforth to his Adjutant signalled that he was to proceed. He moved towards the condemned men to read out their charge and sentences and as he took up a central position he called out the name the first of the three men. Before he could continue one of the three Battalion Commanders stepped forward and shouted ‘I order you to stop this right now.’ The two other Colonels also stepped forward and simultaneously, armed soldiers appeared from behind the ranks of each Battalion. Their weapons were trained on the firing squad and the cohort of Staff Officers including General Carsforth.
Carsforth gasped, ‘what’s the meaning of this Colonel?’ Looking squarely at the Adjutant he commanded, ‘you are to proceed that is an order.’
The Adjutant looked bemused and uncertain. He turned to his firing squad party as one of the Colonels, escorted by a body of armed soldiers, approached in a smart military manner and faced the Adjutant, ‘stand your men down Sir or I will order my men to open fire.’ 
The firing squad had already started to lay down their weapons.
There was panic in Carsforth’s voice. ‘What the hell are you trying to do Colonel? Do you realise this is mutiny for which you will hang.’
The Colonel turned to him and said ‘General Carsforth you are relieved of your command and will be held in house arrest until a fit and proper military tribunal can be assembled. At that time you will be tried for authorising the murder of Private William Woodbridge.’ He looked to his Sergeant, ‘take two of your men and escort the General back to his quarters and keep him under guard.’
The Sergeant removed the sword and belt from the General’s waist ‘come with me now Sir.’ The three escorting soldiers together with their charge moved briskly off the parade ground.
The group of Staff Officers remained rooted to the spot. The Colonel in charge ordered the condemned men to be released from their restraints ‘you are to be returned to your cells until such time as your offences have been properly assessed and it is decided whether you must be charged or not. Adjutant, you are to dismiss your firing squad; their weapons will remain in our care for the moment.’
There was a noisy restlessness amongst the assembled troops until they were abruptly brought to attention, surprisingly by the Adjutant. ‘Attention’ He shouted loudly ‘and keep quiet. Remember you are soldiers. You will remain at attention until this parade is over. Now stand still.’
Using the Adjutant’s rank, the Colonel in charge said ‘Thank you Captain’ He was grateful that the rebellion planned by the three Battalion Commanders had gone as expected. ‘Battalion Commanders please return your troops to barracks. All staff are confined to base until further notice.’ He walked over to his co-conspirators and said quietly ‘thank you gentlemen it has gone as planned. Now we have to try and rebuild this army’s morale and fighting spirit. We may have to face some serious questions at some point in the future but I know we all believe what we have done here today was right. For the time being there are to be no street patrols or guards provided for the Police at the Conpens. Let’s get the men back to their billets. We will convene a meeting of all senior Officers including the General’s Staff Officers in 24 hours.’
As the troops started an orderly withdrawal from the square Colonel Jock Fraser noticed a spring in their step that certainly wasn’t there earlier. Their heads were also held higher. He was pleased about that but had faced the most difficult personal battle he had ever had to confront before. As a soldier he was trained to obey orders from his superiors. His dilemma was that in taking the steps he had he was challenging the very basis of military discipline. When he sent men out in the field in Afghanistan he didn’t once question or doubt their obedience even though they and he knew they could be blown to bits by an IED. Was he right to challenge the General because he didn’t like what he was doing? Could his men have said no to his command because he might be sending them to their death? Or they didn’t like the order they were given. Was the command being enforced lawful? If so was it simply a question of disobeying an unlawful command? How many soldiers was Carsforth prepared to murder just to make a point? These were questions Jock Fraser wrestled with for many days and nights before he made the decision to take an action so extreme that he shuddered at the thought. When he received total support from his fellow Commanders’ he knew it was right. He also felt it was essential not to get the Government involved too soon. There would be plenty of questions when it was seen that the Army had been withdrawn from the streets. Those questions would be answered when he was ready and not before. The Army was not to be used against the civilian population ever again. 
***
Terry Bayliss ran all of the way from Chancery Lane through the tunnels to Goodge Street where John was examining his command map. ‘John, we have a development’ he said breathlessly. ‘We’re getting reports in from all over the place that the Army have withdrawn. There are no troops on the ground, none at the Conpens, they have disappeared from view.’
‘Today is the day of the executions Terry and maybe it’s gone ahead despite my letter and they’re still returning to barracks.’
‘I don’t think so. I’ve been in touch with Manchester and they have a similar situation. Leeds, Birmingham are the same. There appears to have been a mass withdrawal. There’s not a single squaddie on the streets anywhere.’ 
‘Ok’ John mused stroking his chin ‘this may be a good time to put our final plan in to action.’
‘Do you think we’ll have enough time, they could come back out at anytime?’
‘That’s true, but we have a better chance now than we’ve ever had. Let’s get all of our commanders and team leaders together. Call them in from whatever operation they are on. We’ll meet here at 5pm. In the meantime get some feelers out to find out what’s going on.’
The streets were safer for the moment, which meant it was less of a risk for John to meet up with Graham. A meeting was arranged rapidly and John was happy to see Graham again. 
Graham confirmed the Army withdrawal. ‘Yes John, the troops were pulled away from any duties that supported the Police this afternoon. As a result, the Deputy Commissioner is being very cautious and is keeping a low profile. He’s not been summoned by Garside yet so we think he’s not aware of what is going on. From what I can gather the executions did not take place at midday as planned but what else happened we don’t know.’
John told him about the letter he sent to Carsforth which may have explained why the men had not been shot but he couldn’t understand why there had been such a rapid withdrawal. Something else went on there today and he had a warm feeling about whatever it was.
John returned to his command centre and prepared for his meeting. In the meantime, Garside was starting to get wind of what was happening or more to the point not happening on the streets. His cabinet was quickly gathered together.
‘Deputy Police Commissioner, can you please enlighten me on what is going on in the streets of our capital city?’ Garside asked ‘and where is General Carsforth?’
‘I’m afraid I can’t answer either of those questions First Minister. I don’t know why the Army have removed themselves from their posts and I have been unable to contact General Carsforth. I do know that the military are back at their bases, which are in lock down mode so my Officers have been unable to gain access. I believe the same has happened in all of the major conurbations where troops are based.’
Garside had fear etched all over his colour drained face. ‘I don’t care how it’s done I want to bloody well know what the hell is happening and I want Carsforth in my office right now. Deputy Commissioner if you value your position you will get me answers before the day is out. If you do not then I’ll see to it that you will be removed from your current lofty position with ignominy.’
The Policeman stood up, his face reddened with suppressed anger, ‘will that be all Sir? If so I shall return to my duties,’ he turned and walked out.
Garside shouted and spluttered ‘where the hell is Mason, if he was here he’d get me answers.’ His Cabinet lackeys just grunted and nodded their heads.
Garside dismissed his colleagues with specific instructions to find answers by fair means or foul. He then retreated to his private office and poured himself a large whiskey.
***
John scanned the faces of the men that had gathered for his meeting, he saw lines of hardship, skin that had not seen enough daylight and a weariness that comes from the constant fight for survival. He saw Jason and Alex who had been given separate commands in different sectors and he saw their mother in their young faces. He wished she could be with him now especially now that he was about to launch the final push to take back the country for the people. He would have been proud to have her stood by his side today.
Plans were already delivered to the units in the north in sealed envelopes that were only to be opened on his command. He had completed a phone call to each of the Commanders outside of London instructing them to open their orders. They were now in the process of briefing their men. John was ready to issue the plan to those stood in front of him.
Included in the group was the Interim Government led by Gregory Harper. When the time was right Greg would be addressing the people in much the same way as Garside had done nearly 15 years ago. Only this time there would be a charter, a solemn promise before God that there would be democracy once again. This time the people would not be let down. 
‘Please, everyone sit down and make yourselves comfortable, we have much to talk about. Thank you all for what you have achieved, I know it has not been easy and there have been many sacrifices. You will have seen that there is no military presence on the streets. We’re not sure why but it is my belief that something happened this morning at the execution parade that has opened a window of opportunity for us. You will be happy to know that the executions did not take place and it may be because of the two Officers we are holding. However, the total withdrawal of troops to barracks is unexplained. So we are going to take that opportunity for a final push to free this country starting today.’ A loud cheer erupted. John held up his hands to quieten the tumult. Make no mistake men it will not be easy and there will be loss of life. This will be particularly so if the Army decide to come back on the streets in support of the Police and State. You will each be issued with list of your sector targets. They are not to be destroyed but contained so the occupants in some cases will be allowed to continue working if they are providing a public service. The Civil Service will be allowed to continue working until the interim Government have assessed current working practices and put into place the charter objectives that their team have worked so hard on. I want those buildings locked down and heavily defended against any attempt to regain control. These prime targets are marked in bold type in your orders. Terry will continue to give an outline of the targets so that everyone has a view of the broader picture. Terry.’
‘Thanks John. Our prime target will be the State TV station and radio stations; these will be the first to come into our control. TV and radio crews will be allocated to each sector. MI5 offices will be locked down and communications severed completely. A team has already been brought in from outside and ready to lock down GCHQ. These are two well protected targets where there is likely to be resistance. All hospitals and medical facilities especially private clinics will be targeted; the medical supplies will be placed under guard. We are sure there will be no resistance from the nurses and doctors although the foreign owners of the private clinics may squeal a bit.’ There was roar of laughter and Terry waited for it to subside. 
Terry Continued ‘Road blocks are to be set up on major arterial roads once your sector is secure. Whilst the Army are not on the streets our main concern will be the Police but we believe that once we are above ground in numbers they may not want to get involved in a street fight with us. If they do then of course we must defend ourselves. You will note that Police stations in your sector that are manned are listed in your orders. Your main aim must be to keep them there. We do not want them to disrupt our other activity. John, would you like to continue?’
‘Thanks Terry. After the TV station and radio facilities have been secured I and my team will proceed to Downing Street. The security guards on duty there will be disabled. It is important that the main Police station supporting Westminster is contained within their premises and prevented from mounting an assault on my team whilst we are inside. A TV camera team and the Interim Government representatives will accompany me. Following our new Government announcement to the public, we believe that the Police will return to their stations and offer no further resistance. In the event that the Army return to the streets in numbers and in offensive mode you are to abort the operation. Despite our numbers we would be no match against the military in a major confrontation. Make for the nearest underground entrances. You may have to fight your way there but be prepared for that eventuality. This show goes on the road at 2000 hours. Good luck.’
There was a frenzied blur of movement as commanders and team leaders collected their orders and moved out either North or South to respective locations. They had about 2 hours in which to prepare.
Gregory Harper sat mesmerized and looked a little lost. John spoke to him ‘whatever is the matter Greg, I thought you would be bubbling and ready to go.’
Greg sort of blinked a couple of times as if to clear his head ‘oh I am John, I just never thought I would ever see this day. It’s so powerful, to see so many prepared to risk their lives...’ He held the Charter manuscript close to his chest ‘for this. It could never have happened without you John.’
‘It’s a long way off yet Greg but God willing he’ll be on our side tonight. When we complete what we are about to do and it is a success I want you to promise me a couple of things in the event I don’t make it.
‘Of course John anything but what makes you think that you won’t be around to enjoy our victory?’
‘Just a precaution, you never know. Firstly, those who helped this revolution are to be pardoned of any crime that they committed or were accused of committing by the outgoing regime. People like Gerry Small should have their honour restored for his family’s sake. Secondly, those who have given their lives will be honoured appropriately. Thirdly, there will be major problems from the Stapo in rooting out corruption and resentment within their ranks because of the changes you make. Appoint Superintendant Graham Johns to the post of Commissioner; he will be your only chance to sort it out. And finally, that you and your Interim Government stay true to your word and work tirelessly to bring democracy back. Otherwise all of the sacrifices will have been for nothing.’
‘John, I give you my word. All that you have asked will be done. But I know you’ll be around to see to it anyway.’
‘Thanks Greg. Go to the jump off point with your escort section and I will join you there. I would like to spend a short time with my sons.’ 
John managed to attract Jason and Alex’s attention before they embarked on their respective missions. ‘I just want to wish you both luck and pray that you both come out of this unscathed. My thoughts will be with you all of the way. Keep safe boys. I love you both.’
The three men hugged in a triple embrace. Jason said ‘we love you too dad and can’t wait for the celebration when we get together again. Please be careful.’ As his two sons moved away, tears filled John’s eyes as he contemplated the thought that he may never see them again. 
At precisely 2000 hours, the entrances of the underground system opened and thousands of armed insurgents spewed out onto the streets. It was as if an ant’s nest had been disturbed, the only difference being that all of the movement was purposeful. Mal Adams led the section tasked with securing the State Television broadcasting headquarters. He split his group into two teams; one would approach from the North, the other from the South. Mal waited for his team from Regents Park station made their way down Portland Place towards Langham Place. His group’s journey from Oxford Street was a little shorter. The two teams merged and took up their predetermined positions outside the building. Thirty men remained outside securing the external perimeter whilst Mal and the rest of his section burst through the front doors of Television House. It took little time for the rest of the building to be secured. There was no resistance. In fact, Mal was surprised to find the staff so compliant, even welcoming. His first task was to enlist the services of camera crews and their equipment. He walked through the offices leaving several men to secure each floor. His aim was to find the person who could quickly provide what he needed. Mal didn’t have to wait for long. A senior technician approached and asked if he could help. Mal gave him the requirements. Within a short space of time, a fully equipped camera crew was assembled and ready to go. For many years all outgoing scripts had been vetted and amended by specially appointed civil servants. The staff saw an end to that control. Mal left a section of men to guard the TV studios and proceeded from Langham Place to his rendezvous with John at Downing Street. 
Everything so far was going to plan. There had been some minor skirmishes but few casualties. John waited patiently for an update from Mal Adams. ‘What’s your ETA Mal and have you got what we want?’ 
‘On my way Sir, be with you in 5 minutes. And yes we have the equipment and resources.’
Buildings along Whitehall and those in Parliament Square were secure and John together with Greg Harper waited whilst his specially selected team disabled the security surrounding Downing Street. There was a sudden exchange of gunfire as Terry Bayliss and his team engaged with the heavily protected First Minister’s offices and residence. Two white vans appeared festooned in aerials, satellite dishes and ladders. They pulled up adjacent to John’s holding position. A camera crew emerged at the same time as Mal and his armed section took up defensive stances at predetermined spots.
The TV technician approached John ‘what is it you would like us to do Sir?’
‘I want you to film and record everything that goes on from now on. Once we gain entry, I would also like you to set up a studio for a national broadcast. Do you have the necessary equipment for that?’
‘Yes we do Sir.’
John turned to Greg ‘when we enter the lion’s den I want to confront him alone. As soon as the arrest team have entered and done what they have to do you can come in and prepare to give the most amazing speech of your life.’
All over the city John’s troops were taking control and thankfully the Army remained firmly locked behind their barrack gates. John received a call from Alan Walker in the Northern sector ‘John, we were cut off by two Stapo patrols and unfortunately I’ve taken some casualties, three dead and at least six wounded. We have now neutralised the Stapo. The local hospital is seeing to our wounded now.’
‘Sorry to hear of your losses Alan. Can you secure your sector and lock down your targets or do you need back up?’
‘Yes Sir, securing sector not a problem but need back up for road blocks.’
‘Ok, a team from the Eastern sector will join you shortly.’ Reports were coming in of some resistance and several casualties but he remained calm. He knew that the Police would gradually work their way back to the security of their barracks. Gunshots could still be heard in and around Downing Street but more so from the gardens at the rear. John asked Terry for an update.
In a quiet voice but with gunfire in the background Terry replied ‘the front is secure but we have two security men holed up somewhere in the rear of the house and they are pinning us down. I have a small team making their way in from the front to deactivate them.’
‘Well done Terry, my team and other resources will start to move in now. Any sign of the main target?’
‘No not seen but no one has got out front or rear.’
John, Greg and the TV crew heavily protected by Mal and his section moved quickly towards the front entrance. Two gunshots could be heard coming from the rear of the house. Silence followed.
John’s mobile rang, it was Graham Johns. ‘What the hell Graham, you’re not supposed to phone me what on earth has happened? Are you in trouble?’
‘No John, quite the opposite. I have learned that there has been a military coup. Carsforth has been detained and is under house arrest. A Colonel Fraser is said to have led the revolt and has ordered all barracks to remain locked down. My boss has decided which way the wind is blowing and has started to withdraw all officers back to their bases. John, I believe you have done it.’
John was elated ‘no Graham we’ve done it. Thank you for letting me know.' 
It had taken 15 years to get to this point and he looked at Gregory Harper clutching his Peoples Charter and smiled warmly. Just one more job to do.
Chapter 17
Epilogue
The bodies of two security men lay dead astride the entrance to number 10 Downing Street. Inside there was more evidence of the fight they had put up in defence of their First Minister. The plush carpets were stained with blood. 
Terry had left most of his team outside to ensure there would be no attempted assault from the rear. He greeted John and turned to Mal ‘get some medics over here and let’s clear this place up. We wouldn’t want the public to see this mess on Gregory’s TV debut would we. Oh, and by the way there are four more in the gardens and two in the room at the rear of the house.’ 
Terry looked at John and nodded towards the door where he knew Garside would be. ‘Go on, this is your time John we’ll be right behind you when you call.’
He took a step forward and was stopped by the TV technician. ‘Before you go in there Mr Judge, let me attach this to your lapel.’ It was the tiniest of cameras anyone of those present had ever seen. ‘Modern technology Mr Judge, there’s been some enormous advances in the last 15 years. We will see and hear everything from this side of the door. I promise nothing will be broadcast without your say so. You can decide what is put out to the general public.’
John reached the door to Garside’s state room, slowly turned the heavy brass handle and pushed it open. He stepped inside and closed the door behind him. Garside sat in his leather bound chair facing the window. With his back to John, he said ‘well Mr Judge you finally got here. I wondered how long it would take.’ He slowly turned and faced his adversary. ‘So what now? Are you going to kill me or drag me out into Parliament Square and have me hung?’ He was smiling mockingly.
‘No Garside, I’m going to arrest you and see to it that you are punished for all the crimes you have committed in the last 12 years.’
Garside laughed. ‘You really think you can do that? I am expecting General Carsforth to inform me at any moment that his troops are currently rounding up your rebel army and putting them to the sword. I will eliminate you Mr Judge just as I have got rid of every other idiot that has tried to oppose me.’ 
‘You mean like Gerry Small, you did a good job on him. What was it like destroying a man and his family?’
‘You know nothing Judge. I built this country up from an anarchic, crime ridden rubbish tip to a crime free, vibrant economy. If it hadn’t been for me we would still have riots on the streets and criminals flouting the law.’ 
‘Then you turned into a corrupt cesspit. You didn’t care about this country or its people.  Garside, only yourself.’ 
Garside lifted his right arm from beneath the desk to expose a Beretta handgun and pointed it directly at John. ‘When the military get here they will find that I have killed the notorious terrorist John Judge. You see Mr Judge I knew you would eventually try to get to me but I was prepared unlike Henry Mason who I assume you have disposed of.’
‘No, Mason is still alive and will be tried for his crimes just as you will be. He has been very helpful and informative about you, primarily to save his own neck. So, tell me, it was your idea to destroy a good man like Gerry Small wasn’t it?’
Garside smirked ‘I didn’t really care about how it was done; I left it up to him. I just wanted rid of the upstart. But Mason would have told you that wouldn’t he!’
John continued ‘your assassination squads worked well too. It must have been very satisfying for you to just snap your fingers and wipe out any opposition at a stroke. What was it that turned you into the murdering tyrant that you’ve become? Was it money or power?’
‘That’s an interesting question and as you’re not going to live much longer I guess I can be open and honest with you’ he replied sardonically. ‘At first the money kept rolling in from the greedy investment bankers and entrepreneurs especially those from overseas. They saw opportunities for vast profits in this country and I gave them the opening, for a fee of course. Then I realised just how much power I had and it was getting stronger each day. I had people falling over themselves to do business with me or just be in my good books. So, to answer your question it was both money and power. But when you have as much money as you will ever need, power is what gets you out of bed in the morning. The adrenalin that flows through you knowing that you can do whatever you like is like a drug. You can never get enough of it. Just like now the power I can exert over you with this weapon makes me feel quite euphoric.’ 
‘Did you not care about what was happening to the old, the vulnerable and the poor? I saw old people die of the cold because they couldn’t heat their homes, children go hungry and the only way the sick could get medical help was if they paid for it. Did you not care about that?’ 
‘In a word, Judge, no.’ Garside said with sneer. ‘The old were a drain on the country’s resources and if kids went hungry it was because their lazy parents couldn’t be bothered. And as for the sick, there’s no such thing as a free lunch.’ He paused with a sigh and said, ‘I’m actually getting tired of this little chat so it’s about time we ended the conversation.’ He aimed the pistol at John’s heart. 
‘Before you do anything stupid Garside I would like to inform you that Carsforth will not be coming to your aid. There has been a coup by his Colonels and he is under house arrest. I suspect the military have decided they’ve had enough of supporting a tyrant. So you are finished Garside. The people are now back in control of their country and you can go to hell.’
‘You’re a liar’ he screamed. Steadying his aim he was about to pull the trigger when Terry burst into the room. The sudden movement and noise distracted Garside as he fired a shot at John hitting him in the right side of his chest. He was slammed back against the wall with the force of the bullet and was bleeding badly. Terry fired one shot at Garside, killing him instantly.
Terry rushed over to John ‘where have you been hit, let me have a look.’ Terry frantically tried to undo John’s jacket to assess the wound. ‘Get medics here now’ he shouted. John pushed his hands away and said weakly, ‘leave it Terry, it’s no use. Just get Greg and the TV people into a room so that he can make his announcement.’
Terry was panicking at the sight of the amount of blood John was losing. The TV technician rushed over with a first aid kit. Terry ripped the package open and found gauze and bandages. He pushed them hard up against the gaping wound in an attempt to stem the flow of blood. John was weakening. 
‘Where are those bloody medics? Get them here now.’ Terry shouted to no one in particular. He just wanted someone to help his friend. ‘Don’t you bloody croak on me John; we’ve been through too much together to break it up now.’
John half smiled and tried to speak. He suddenly saw Marie in the room. ‘What the hell. How did you get here?’ he said in a whisper.’
‘Who?’ Terry asked looking around. He could see no one.
John was looking past Terry’s shoulder. ‘Marie, it’s so good to see you sweetheart. My darling you look more beautiful than ever. I’m so glad you could be here with me. Come and sit next to me’ John patted the floor by his side and then raised his hand reaching out to touch her. His eyes closed and his head fell slowly to one side. He was smiling.
Terry cried out ‘no, no. You stupid bastard, you’re not allowed to bloody die, I won’t let you.’ He cradled his lifelong friend in his arms and sobbed uncontrollably. 
Gregory Harper decided to wait until medics were able to see to the dead before he would complete the task John Judge had set him. Everything Garside had said to John during their conversation had been filmed and he wanted to use it all except the shooting. 
Graham Johns came rushing in. He had deliberately sighted himself on the fringe of the action and was quickly on the scene. He introduced himself to Gregory Harper ‘I’m Superintendant Johns where is Judge?
‘I’m the leader of the Interim Government my name is Gregory Harper. John is in there’ he said pointing to the Stateroom. ‘I’m afraid to tell you that he has been shot and has not survived. We’re waiting for the medics. Terry Bayliss is with him now.’ Greg had watched everything unfold on film.
Graham stepped inside and saw Terry clutching his friend’s lifeless body. Graham’s face was etched in sadness as he stooped to kneel beside his stricken friend. He gently stroked his friend’s face and said ‘you did it my old friend, you did it.’ After a short time he said, ‘leave him now Terry, let him be.’ He unfurled Terry’s arms from John and helped him stand up. They left the room together. Terry looked back just before the door entrance and saw the peaceful almost tranquil expression on John’s face. 
The medics had arrived and were busy doing their job so Terry, Graham and Greg found a quiet room and sat in silence for quite some time.
Greg was the first to speak. ‘Gentlemen before I speak to the nation there are one or two things we need to establish. Firstly, we need to arrange a meeting with the new military leaders. We must have their support. I think that you Terry should try and make first contact. The Police I believe may be a serious threat to what we are trying to do and there needs to be a major overhaul of culture and practices. I want to fulfil a promise I made to John earlier and that is that you Graham should become our new Police Commissioner. He firmly believed that you were the only one who could get things sorted out.’
Graham responded ‘I know John had great faith in me but I’m not sure if I could pull that off. I’m not senior enough and there would be tremendous opposition.’
‘You are senior enough now Graham and I will be announcing your promotion during my message to the people. As to the opposition you may experience, we should remind those who oppose you, for whatever reason, that my colleagues and I have been given the authority by John Judge the Commander of the Free Army and they will have an opportunity to vote against us in a truly democratic electoral process in a very short time. In the meantime they are to do the job they are paid to do. Your job will not be easy but if you can gather the right people around you then I’m sure you will prevail.’
The TV technician put his head around the door ‘we’re ready for you Prime Minister whenever you are.’
***
Gregory Harper didn’t have make-up staff or special lighting or cue cards in fact he looked dishevelled. But he spoke from his heart with sincerity and emotion.
‘Today a major breakthrough was achieved by John Judge and his soldiers who have fought for our freedom for the last 10 years. As a result of their sacrifices, my colleagues and I are able to represent a new Government, a new way forward. We do not pretend to have any particular political persuasion, our objective is to follow the path John Judge and many of his brave men gave up their lives to realise. That objective, that idea, was to achieve a free, fair and just society. One that cared for the vulnerable and each other.
My name is Gregory Harper and I will not promise the extremes of the previous regime. That regime was eradicated from our society today. What I will promise is that there will be democracy once again. We have been working underground with John Judge and many volunteers for the last 6 years to bring about a charter that we and future Governments will abide by. We will enshrine what we have called the Peoples Charter in every city in the country, in every school; college and university so that everyone can read it, adopt it and live by it. 
There will be laws to protect workers, the elderly and the sick and vulnerable. Our Police force will become a force of the people and for the people. They will be supported by a strong judicial system .There will never again be an opportunity for one man or group to have power and control over you. I will now take this opportunity to ...
Terry Bayliss listened with pride to what was being said as Greg started to elucidate elements of the charter. He didn’t need to hear it all; it had been gone over with John so many times. He turned away with a mix of feelings. There was heaviness in his heart because John could not be here for this moment yet at the same time he was overjoyed at what he was hearing. He walked out into the street, looked up into the night sky, and knew that tomorrow he would realise John’s dream; to feel the warmth of the sun on his face; stand free and without fear.

###
Other titles in EBook format by Michael G Franks

Alfie’s Place
