Henry Hartman’s Fall Guy Crisis:
An “Off-the-Books” Mystery #3

By Sara M. Barton

Published by Sara M. Barton at Smashwords

Copyright Sara M. Barton 2013

All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the authorized publisher, Sara M. Barton at Smashwords, except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return to Smashwords and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Dedication:

For every Mario and Luigi, working hard every day to get the job done, there is a Spiker Guy, that back-stabbing, obnoxious, one-man wrecking crew, out to sabotage the effort. Good thing we’ve got players with game. This one’s for you, all you Super-dupers. You’re worth your weight in coins.

Chapter One --

“So, how’s that working out for you now?” The words were innocuous, but the venom behind them was terrifying, especially since there was a gun in the hand of the man standing two feet from me.
“Not so good,” I admitted, even as I tried to figure out a way to escape from this deranged yard sale freak.
“I’m going to say it one more time, lady. I want that chest of drawers. Now are we doing to do this the easy way or the hard way?” In the bright noonday sun, I saw a little line of sweat glisten on his upper lip as his dark eyes, enhanced by his scowl, glared at me.
“Apparently, it’s going to be the hard way,” I confessed. “There’s no way I’m surrendering this piece of furniture to the likes of you. Sorry. No way, no how. You’re going to have to commit a crime to get it.”
“You think I won’t?”
“On the contrary, I’m sure you will. You strike me as a thug.”
“You’re smart enough to see that, but you’re not smart enough to give me that damn bureau?” Now he was a little more than baffled. We both looked at it, the simple pine chest, no more than fifty years old, paint peeling, gouged here and there. I had plans for this little diamond-in-the-rough and no big piece of meat with a brain the size of a dime was going to take it from me. It was already in the back seat of my car because it was going home to my art studio.
“That’s correct.”
“I can just take it from you by force,” he pointed out, sounding a little more confident than I wanted to hear.
“You can certainly try.”
“What’s to stop me?” He waved his handgun around, just barely brushing my nose. “It’s not like you can take this gun away from me.”
He had a point. After all, he was well over six feet, carrying a gut that had been crafted from a hefty beer ration and a belief that it was always five o’clock somewhere. He also had something I didn’t -- a very menacing dog in the back of his overloaded pickup truck. The last thing I wanted was Fido jumping out of the flatbed, fangs and all.
“You’re right,” I told the hulking goon with all the sincerity I could muster on short notice. “I can’t take that gun away from you. On the other hand, I do happen to have something you don’t have.”
“What’s that?”
“A husband who’s an FBI agent.”
“And this is supposed to scare me?”
I could hear the sirens in the background. That gave me an unexpected boost of bold, unadulterated chutzpah. Henry had gotten my SOS and had called for reinforcements. You might think confidence was a good thing, but in my case, it made me mouthy. “I’m not the one you have to worry about, Bigfoot. He’s on his way here now.”
“What did you just call me?” He seemed more than a bit taken aback at the name calling, not the fact that my hero was rushing to the scene to save me. “What... did... you...just...call...me?”
“Bigfoot,” I repeated sweetly, “also known as in the Abominable Snowman, AKA Yeti....”
Most people assume a guy holding a gun in his hands has an advantage over someone like me, especially when it’s pointed at my head, but ever since my ex-husband, Matt Boyle, tried to turn me into a gator meal down here on Hilton Head Island, all bets are off. Nobody is ever going to get the drop on me like that again. I’ll go out kicking and screaming before I roll over and raise the white flag of surrender.
Two days after I survived my ex-husband’s attack, my current husband gave me a personal alarm on a necklace, with instructions to hit the panic button at the first sign of any trouble. Push it I did when Bigfoot got belligerent a good six or seven minutes earlier. Lucky for me, Henry was just down the street. Recognizing the imminent threat, I got myself into position for battle, keeping myself loose as I swayed back and forth on the balls of my feet, forcing myself to recall what Henry’s buddy, Raoul, the Special Forces guy, taught me during kick boxing lessons. Hit hard, hit fast, and then get the hell out of there ASAP. There’s no shame in running from the enemy when you have the chance. It’s all about surviving.
“Think you’re funny?” Bigfoot growled. I could smell onions on his breath as he moved toward me, and I was pretty sure that was sauerkraut peeking out from between his front teeth. I guessed he was a big wiener fan. By now, the pulsing strobe lights were visible as the patrol cars came screaming around the bend on Greenwood Drive, headed to the entrance to the Lake Forest Villas complex, so I went from apprehensive to goofy.
“Tell you what. If you’re a good dog, get back in your mobile crate, and hit the road, I’ll toss a frankfurter your way. Heck, I’m feeling generous today. Maybe I’ll let you have the whole pack of Ball Park franks.”
“I’ll teach you to talk to me that way, you bitch!” he bellowed, towering over me like some demented giant, and when the muzzle of the handgun he was holding brushed the tip of my nose, cold and unyielding, I saw red. Enough was enough. It was just a matter of getting an opening to launch a defensive attack. In this particular case, foot to family jewels seemed the best trajectory. It was, after all, my signature move. With one swift kick from my running shoe, the rough, tough beer boy folded in half and collapsed. And as soon as he hit the ground, I confiscated his weapon, just like Henry and Raoul taught me.
“Damn, woman!” the beefy thug moaned, writhing on the ground, even as the squeal of tires announced the arrival of a couple of sheriff’s deputies. As they climbed out of their vehicle, hands on their holstered guns, I was already laying the weapon on the ground, my little gift to them, and raising my hands up in the air to show I was a good girl. One of the uniformed men bent over to retrieve it as a dark sedan pulled to a stop behind them and a tall, blond man got out.
“Hey, what’s up?” the new arrival asked the Beaufort County lawmen.
“Dunno,” said Lyle Fochette, scratching his head as he greeted FBI Special Agent Henry Hartman. “Just got here.”
“Syd?” My husband was all business. “What’s going on?”
“He threatened to take the chest of drawers from me, after I bought it fair and square from Mrs. Poulin.” I pointed in the direction of a nearby condo unit, where a few stragglers were still poking about for bargains at a little old lady’s yard sale, with forty years worth of family heirlooms, odds and ends, and tschotskes. 
“You have a receipt?” Paulie Mitchell, the local lawman, wanted to know. I’m a professional interior decorator, so I itemize everything for my clients. I dug into my purse and extracted the handwritten bill of sale from my wallet, waving it triumphantly. As soon as he read it, Paulie gazed down at the small wooden box with bun feet in the back seat of my Hyundai Sonata. He seemed rather baffled as he faced my would-be assailant.
 “You tried to take this...piece of,” I could see he was struggling to find the right words, “cra-a-a...um, furniture from this woman at gunpoint?” His partner moved in for a closer look. Lyle’s eyes traveled over the pine chest in disbelief. After all, it’s not like it was a thing of beauty or some kind of museum piece. Truth be told, it was uglier than sin. So why, you might ask, would I want it? I had plans to paint it with bold, vibrant stripes and give it new hardware. It would become an accent piece, a focal point in the new Schoenfeld foyer. Where else can you buy a solid piece of pine furniture for twenty bucks? “What’s so special about this, ah...thing?”
“I want it,” the Yeti howled.
“Not good enough,” replied the short lawman, the mirrored shades tucked under his brimmed hat. “What’s the deal?”
“I don’t have to tell you nothin’,” he shot back.
“Syd, you mind if we take a look at it?” asked Paulie. I shook my head.
“Not at all. Knock yourselves out. If you find any money in there, it’s mine,” I joked.
Lyle kept an eye on the twitching man on the ground while his partner and Henry examined the little chest. Just as they pulled out the top drawer, all hell broke loose. A wiry, white-haired woman, no taller than five feet, barreled across the parking lot, steaming mad and spitting nails.
“Harvey!” It was Mrs. Poulin, former owner of the chest. Apparently one of her customers had seen the police cruisers pull into the parking lot and mentioned it in passing, so she scurried out to see what was going on. “I thought I told you to stay away from here!”
“Ma’am, do you know this man?” Paulie inquired.
“He’s my stepson! His father kicked him out and told him to never come back here!”
“I want my stuff!” Harvey bellowed, even as Lyle nudged him with his boot tip.
“Watch it now,” the deputy warned him.
“He doesn’t have any stuff at our house! I’ve told him before. We sent all of his things to his new apartment in Bluffton, but he won’t leave us alone!” The senior citizen was agitated, shaking like an unbalanced washing machine about to scoot across the laundry room floor.
“Did you get a restraining order?”
“We don’t want any trouble with the law,” Mrs. Poulin insisted, shaking her head. “We just want him to leave us alone!”
“And I want him to leave me alone,” I piped in, arms crossed, as I towered over the prone Bigfoot, more than relieved the shoe was now on the other foot and he was facing a small army of first responders who were ready to teach him a lesson. “That chest is mine!”
“The hell it is!” snarled the yard sale monster known as Harvey. I saw a little spittle clinging to the corner of his mouth as I gazed down. I might have to change his nickname to Mad Dog.
“Ma’am?” Paulie looked at the elderly lady. “Is this your property to sell?”
“Of course it is. My husband and I have had it in our home for more than twenty years. Harvey’s just mad because we wouldn’t let him live with us after he got out of prison.”
“Is that true?” Lyle asked the growling man still on the ground. “You just got out of the slammer?”
“I want my stuff back, Lidia! All of it, not just some of it!” Harvey ignored the question, choosing instead to focus his attention on his stepmother.
“What’s he talking about?” Henry asked the little old lady, studying her carefully. I know that look. It means he’s convinced there is more than one way to interpret the facts. “Do you have any more of his property in your home?”
“Certainly not,” she sniffed, offended.
“How long were you in for, Harvey?” Henry’s hands were inserted into his pockets and I could hear the jingle of coins as his fingers played with the cash in those pants. He was rocking back and forth on his heels, the way he does when he’s got a handle on things.
“Three months. I got out six weeks ago.”
“What was the crime that got you sent to prison?”
“Me and a couple of other guys busted up a bar during Bike Week in Myrtle Beach.”
“They were drunk,” Lidia cut in, glaring at the defiant claimant.
“Must have been expensive,” said the smooth-talking FBI agent to the disgruntled stepson.
“It was.”
“How much money did you leave at your parents’ house?”
“Huh?” Bigfoot got that deer-in-the-headlights look, the kind reserved for the times when an 18-wheeler is charging down the road and the buck is about to become road pizza.
“Cash, moolah, pesos...how much did you stash there?” I heard more coin jingling. Nobody ever suggested Henry was subtle when interrogating a suspect.
“Why you ungrateful son of a....” Mrs. Poulin was livid and her tirade was just getting started when Henry held up his hand and called for silence. The moment she paused to collect her breath, Henry cut into the conversation. His patience was beginning to wear thin and I could see trouble was already on the horizon, heading in the Yeti’s direction.
“I’m going to get the answer sooner or later. Sooner is better for you, Harvey. Later’s just going to piss me off.”
“Wasn’t money,” Harvey admitted sheepishly. He flinched as Paulie started to look under the chest. “Look, I’ll pay the lady whatever she paid my stepmother....”
“What’s this?” Paulie tugged at something. His excitement grew as he got busy extracting it, nimble fingers working their magic.  “Looks like a lottery ticket.”
“Give me that!” Harvey’s hand shot out. He seemed to have forgotten there was a deputy guarding him. A quick reminder from Lyle’s boot caught Bigfoot’s attention and he slumped back down on the ground in defeat.
“How do we know it’s yours?” the FBI agent demanded.
“I...I....”
“I get it,” laughed Henry. “It’s a winning ticket.”

Chapter Two --

“Harvey Poulin, you told your father you had no money! You borrowed ten thousand bucks from us for your lawyer fees and court costs! That’s our retirement money, you bum!”
“How much is the ticket worth?” I asked. We all waited, but the man still on the ground was not forthcoming.
“Easy enough to check out, Syd.” Henry had the ticket in his hand and he was already dialing when Harvey let out a low, slow groan.
“Five grand,” admitted the convicted felon, knowing full well his stepmother was now going to claim it. No wonder he wanted the chest of drawers I bought. 
“So, how do you want to handle this?” Paulie was itching to get his plastic straps around Harvey’s wrists and toss him in the back of the patrol car. He suggested they bring him to the Shelter Cove station. The only problem was that he and his partner couldn’t figure out exactly what to charge Bigfoot with, especially when the gun turned out to be missing a critical component to its status as a weapon.
“No bullets?” I was beside myself with disbelief. “How could he threaten me with a gun that’s not loaded? That’s ridiculous! It’s lunacy!”
“Convicted felon. Still on parole. Bullets would put him back in the pokey,” Lyle guessed.
“Kind of dumb to carry a gun with no ammo,” said Paulie. “Only thing worse would be to carry a gun with....”
“Blanks,” his partner cut in, chuckling. I wasn’t as amused, but that’s because I was the one who had had the gun pointed at my nose. As I turned to my husband, I caught the curl of a smile pass his lips before it evaporated. Henry was walking a tightrope, enjoying what he would call a “dope on a rope” kind of day, for its unexpected bounty of humorous material to share with law enforcement colleagues, while all too aware that I was the outraged victim with whom he shared a home, and more importantly, a bed.
“Arrest him for menacing me,” I demanded of the Beaufort County deputies. “He threatened me with bodily harm, even if there were no bullets. And he grabbed my chest!”
That did it. One minute I was looking at three respectable lawmen and the next I was dealing with the tittering kind of overgrown juvenile delinquents who stash girlie magazines under their mattresses, in the hopes their moms won’t find them. I glowered at them until they pulled themselves together and stopped snickering. The only thing that saved Bigfoot was that he was still too upset over losing his unclaimed prize to think the joke was funny.
“Well? What are you waiting for?” I wanted to know. “Christmas?”
“We have to take care of some legal details first, Syd,” the FBI agent informed me. “There’s a question of whether this is a misdemeanor or a felony.”
“Yeah, I need to talk to my supervisor,” the deputy holding the winning lottery ticket decided.
“Well, then...don’t let me stop you by chattering on and on,” I sniffed churlishly. “By all means, find out!”
Paulie sheepishly made his way to the Beaufort County Sheriff’s Department sedan, with Henry on his heels, leaving a very uncomfortable Lyle guarding the prisoner. From the way Paulie was working the two-way radio, I assumed they were running a check on Harvey. Mrs. Poulin and I conversed as we waited.
We spent the next five minutes talking about the island. Henry and I hadn’t lived in Hilton Head very long, so I was still discovering the joys of coastal living, especially in Lowcountry South Carolina. Lidia had moved from Brooklyn more than twenty years earlier; even though she still had that distinctive New York accent, it was now infused with a Southern twang.
A discreet cough warned me that my husband was standing behind me. I turned in his direction.
“Syd, can I speak with you a minute?” Henry took me by the elbow, steering me over to a quiet spot under a big oak, out of the heat of the day. He batted those big, brown eyes at me, knowing full well they were my weakness, and then he carefully said, “I need you to let this one go.”
“What?” Appalled, I stared up at my husband.
“I’m asking nicely.”
“Henry, the guy went after me...with a gun!”
“I know, babe. But he didn’t even have any bullets on him.”
“And you don’t think he should get any consequences?” I was incensed. “You must be joking!”
For a good minute, I studied the man I had married only a scant eight months ago. This was the guy who always insisted you make folks accountable for their bad behavior. Why was he suddenly giving this creep a pass? I asked him just that.
“The guy needs a break, Syd. He did his time. Besides, he needs to pay his father and stepmother back, and he can’t do that while he’s behind bars. If he goes back to jail now, they’re going to take a hit.”
“What are you really up to, Henry?” I wasn’t buying his story for a minute.
“Don’t know what you mean, Syd.”
“Why are you really interested in saving Harvey?”
“Hard to say, babe. Maybe I just want to help the guy out of a tough spot, so he can turn his life around.”
“Bulldocky! This is about a case, isn’t it?”
“A case?” He gave those wide shoulders of his a little shrug. “Why would you think that?”
“Because you want to help a guy who threatened me with bodily harm and the only reason you’d do that is if there’s a benefit to the FBI!” I pointed out. “What did you and Paulie find out about Bigfoot?”
“I don’t have an answer to that.” Neither a confirmation nor a denial. I gave him the stink eye, setting my sights on those brown eyes with determination fueled by fury, even as I reviewed the events of the past half hour in my mind. Harvey had threatened me. That wasn’t my imagination. What’s more, the only reason he hadn’t taken off with that pine chest of mine was because I had hit that panic button Henry had provided for me. It was supposed to be used to keep me safe, I reminded my husband.
“And it did its job, Syd. You are safe. And you have the pine chest.”
“You want me just to forget it? Just to act like it never happened? How is that justice? I was minding my own business, when....”
“Syd, let’s focus on here and now.” His voice was almost steely now, with a hint of hard professionalism, and that meant this was definitely an FBI thing. “I need you to look past the personal aspect of all this. You know I would never ask you this if it weren’t important.”
That was Henry-speak for the matter was already decided, so further negotiations would be fruitless. I sighed deeply, shook my head, and shrugged. “I’m not happy about this. Not happy at all, Henry.”
He pursed his lips as he contemplated my reaction. I could imagine those wheels spinning and the gears turning inside his head as Henry weighed his options. At last, he gave a soft sigh.
“I know, babe, and it really pains me to ask you to do this, but it’s important.” He took my hand and squeezed it gently. “Please, Syd.”
That did it. Uncle, I thought to myself, unwilling to graciously concede. I folded, but not before I pointed out the obvious.
“Sure. Go ahead. But don’t blame me if the guy kills somebody. Just remember I wanted him arrested for menacing me.”
“I’ll make it up to you, Syd,” said my husband, kissing me on the cheek before heading back to Bigfoot. I stood and watched him walk away. I saw that trademark bounce slip back in Henry’s step, as those coins in his pocket kept time to the rhythm of the beat.
“You’d better!” I called out. He turned long enough to give me a grin and a wave over his shoulder.
What kind of guy carries a weapon without ammo? That question niggled my brain. Maybe he didn’t want to risk killing Lidia or his father in a struggle over the pine chest. Was that why he used it to try to scare me off, because he knew he couldn’t fire the weapon? That still didn’t make much sense, did it? Bullets or no bullets, a gun was a gun. Maybe I’d believe it was harmless if he’d had the good sense to also remove the firing pin, but that’s just me, the victim of this horrible incident, speaking.
Perspective is always a funny thing. If you asked me at that moment in time, I’d have said the guy was nothing but trouble. I wouldn’t have bothered with him. I would have put him in the pokey where I thought he belonged. But Henry saw something in Harvey that escaped my sensibility, and it irked me that my husband seemed so sure he was right about the Yeti. What was I missing?
Mrs. Poulin seemed to share my point of view about her stepson and she certainly didn’t hold back her opinion.
“You should be locking him up, not enabling him to commit more crimes!” Even as she complained, my husband tried to appease her.
“He can’t pay you back if he’s in jail. He needs to go to work and earn the money he owes you.”
“That will never happen. The guy’s a lousy deadbeat!”
“That stops here and now...today, ma’am. From this moment on, your stepson is a changed man. He doesn’t know it yet, but he just got religion,” the overly confident FBI agent announced.
“I what?” Harvey seemed more than a little confused.
“It’s time to praise the Lord, buddy. This is your lucky day,” my husband informed Bigfoot, before he turned to Paulie and Lyle. Harvey began to complain loudly about violations of his civil rights.
“Civil rights?” My sarcastic tone beat back his lame complaint. I glared at the handcuffed suspect. “You want to talk about violating someone’s civil rights, let’s talk about mine, Bigfoot!”
“Stop calling me that!” bellowed the belligerent beast at me. Lyle put a restraining hand on his shoulder as the FBI agent went on.
“Gentlemen, I will be more than happy to take this man off your hands, if you will allow me to do so. And I know my wife is more than willing to look at this small incident,” Henry paused, sending a soulful glance in my direction before continuing, “as a desperate man’s moment of complete idiocy.”
“Fine by me,” Paulie decided. “Since you called us as back-up, I’ll tell the boss we released the suspect to the FBI. Frankly, I don’t even know how to write this one up.”
“Just as well. We have three drunks in the tank now and they’re there until court convenes on Monday,” Lyle added. “One of them has the DT’s and he’s seeing bugs crawling all over everything. He could do sound effects for horror flicks. Every time he screams, he gives me the willies.”
“Where’s my lottery ticket?” Mrs. Poulin demanded, interrupting the cop conversation.
“Hold on a second, ma’am,” Henry drawled. For a guy who had only been living in South Carolina for such a short time, he sure had perfected that laid-back southern attitude. Of course, his behavior reminded me of a lot of the wild critters down here. The gators like to lounge on the banks of the lagoons, looking really harmless as they sun themselves, but those bastards are actually capable of lunging at their prey with a speed and agility that is terrifying if you’re on the receiving end. Henry can be deceptive that way.
“I thought you said he was going to pay his father and me back!”
“Indeed,” my husband nodded. “That is what I said. He’s not going to do it all at once, though. He’s going to give you interest on the money you lent him, so that you get something positive out of your generosity. We’ll set up a monthly payment schedule and I will make sure you get your check each month.”
“Who appointed you chairman of the bank?” Mrs. Poulin’s temper was showing through the strain of the confrontation with her stepson. It was pretty clear she didn’t trust Harvey to do much of anything useful. Too many disappointments over the years led to lowered expectations. And now Henry had made his way onto her naughty list.
“I’m an accountant by training, and as such, I’m more than capable of setting up a schedule of regular payments of the debt owed. As an FBI agent, I’m also capable of making sure Harvey stays on the right side of the law.” A long, hard glance at Harvey, standing beside the two deputies, drilled home the point. The snarling stepson was now contrite. Henry waved a hand at his unmarked law enforcement sedan. “Shall we?”
I stared as the FBI agent and the public menace got into the tan Ford. Even as they sat in the front seat, I could see Henry’s lips moving in conversation as he fastened his seat belt. A moment later, Harvey buckled up, and they drove off into the sunset.
“I’m never going to see that money again,” Mrs. Poulin moaned in my direction. “That FBI guy should have given me that lottery ticket! At least we would have had something to show for our efforts.”
“If Henry Hartman says Harvey is going to pay you every month, Harvey is going to pay you every month,” I told her.
“How can you possibly know that?” she groaned. She was still mourning the loss of that bird in the hand.
“Because I’m Mrs. Henry Hartman, and if my husband doesn’t come through, he’s going to answer to me.” Even as I said it, those sharp, birdlike eyes lit on me. She squinted hard for a few long moments and then nodded, without saying a word.
Henry had pulled the guy off the legal hook and that meant he took responsibility for the creep. Well, responsibility is a two-way street. Harvey had more than disappointed his stepmother and father, and he certainly hadn’t put a smile on my face. Now he was Henry’s problem, and if Henry didn’t come through for the Poulins, I was going to be all over that FBI agent from dawn to dusk and dusk to dawn. That would teach him to let some gun-toting maniac mess with me.
“Can’t wait to see how this all turns out,” Paulie admitted good-humoredly. He and Henry played the occasional golf game together, so I knew the deputy would keep up with the Harvey saga over the next few months. “Need help with that dresser, Syd?”
“No, thanks. I’m good.” I loaded it back into the car for the trip back to the vanilla palace.
“Well, I’m not good,” said the elderly lady in the aqua cotton shift and red Keds canvas slip-ons. She was fanning herself with her hands, trying to stay cool in the midday heat.
“How so?” Lyle inquired.
“I sold six other pieces of furniture today. What if there were more winning lottery tickets stashed away?”
The woman had a point. I thought long and hard before answering. “He never mentioned any other tickets or treasures, Mrs. Poulin. I think he would have, if he thought he had a chance to get them back. Besides, isn’t there some kind of time limit on how long you can take to claim a lottery ticket?”
“Six months,” the taller of the deputies informed us. “After that, you’re out of luck.”
“He never said a word to his father or me,” the old lady lamented. “He went to jail knowing that lottery ticket would be waiting for him when he got out.”
“Only you wouldn’t let him back in the house,” Paulie noted.
“How could I? He broke his father’s heart. Sebby worked hard all his life to put food on the table and this is how the boy repays him?”
“Was Harvey always a problem?” I wondered. Maybe there was a history with Lidia. It wasn’t uncommon in blended families, when a parent remarried.
“Not really a problem. He’s got a temper and a big mouth, and he’s always had that rebellious side, but he didn’t skip school and he worked for his father’s repair shop as a teenager. It was later on, after he got out of the service. That’s when he fell in with a bad crowd.”
“When was that, ma’am?” I knew Paulie had been in the Marines. He was still in the reserves, according to Henry.
“Two years ago. Ever since, he’s been an unemployed bum!”
“Well, sometimes a man sees things in combat....”
“Harvey never saw a day of combat!”
“He didn’t?”
“Heavens, no. He was stationed at Charleston Naval Shipyard. He’s a mechanic, not a hero!”

Chapter Three --

Ouch! I winced as I heard those vitriolic words pour out of Lidia’s mouth. In her eyes, Harvey’s military service was a joke.
“My Sebastian was in Vietnam. He served his country with honor. He sacrificed.”
And Harvey didn’t, all because the luck of the draw put him on the naval base up north, where he repaired the vessels that patrolled the seas. For a minute there, I almost felt sorry for Harvey.
Henry did Navy ROTC in college and served three years in naval intelligence. His first assignment was in Guam, doing terrorist assessments for a secret unit housed at the naval base; his last was in the DC area, as a pencil-pushing, paper-filing, report-generating intelligence analyst, who looked for trends in terror attacks. That’s what the Navy demanded from him, so he did it. As he always says, people forget there are hundreds, if not thousands, of folks working behind the scenes to keep combat operations running smoothly. Without them, the military would flounder. Sometimes all we see are the folks on the front lines, and it looks like they’re working alone.
I thought about Harvey as I drove back to Shell Lane, hitting the imaginary “rewind” button in my head to the moment I first set eyes on him in Lidia Poulin’s tiny postage stamp-sized yard. I was trolling for second-hand goodies for clients who rent their second homes on Hilton Head, poking through the array of wares at the yard sale. The household items included pots, pans, a magazine rack, a couple of decorative shelves, a footstool with “Kiss the cook!” stenciled on it, and a pair of old oak kitchen chairs that must have been painted at least five times, judging from the many colors I saw popping through their crackled surfaces. I pulled out several items for closer inspection, including that little pine chest.
“Make me an offer!” said the cheerful elderly lady in the tropical-print cotton dress, her hands clutching a wad of bills. I started low and she started high. We met in the middle. As I handed over the cash, I saw a tall, beefy man glaring at me from behind a bush. At least I thought it was me in his line of “if looks could kill” fire. Maybe it was Lidia he was watching. Did those items really belong to Harvey, even if she didn’t want to admit they were part of his past -- his childhood perhaps?
I got as far as the road for Carolina Place when I found myself wondering if Harvey was not thinking clearly because his emotional buttons were punched. Lidia said he had been fine until he got out of the Navy. Had something happened that drove him over the edge? Curiosity got the better of me. I pulled a U-turn and hustled back to Lidia’s condo.
She was packing up her yard sale for the day. I waited while a young woman with a toddler in tow offered her a couple of bucks for the foot stool. Once we were alone, I looked the elderly woman in the eye and said, “Did Harvey have any of these things in his home when he was a kid?”
“Sure. Why?” Mrs. Poulin seemed a little confused by my sudden interest in her stepson. “You think he left money in them? Tucked something valuable away? I already went over them once, but maybe I should check again.”
“How old was he when his mother left?” I know, I know. It was very nosy of me. But I really did want to know.
“She didn’t leave. Velma died. She was my best friend.” Her eyes got all watery and her voice got thick as she spoke. Lidia had a heart after all. It was just buried somewhere inside all the years of accumulated disappointment in a stepson who could do no right.
“Oh, that must have been tough.”
“Who knows? Maybe the boy did blame me for taking over the family. What was I to do? Let him be a savage? He was a thirteen-year-old boy without a mother. His sisters weren’t like that. They were cooperative.”
“How old were they?” I wondered, suddenly curious. Lidia sat down on a plastic lawn chair, threw her red canvas-covered feet out in front of her, and shook her head sadly. I settled myself in the chair beside her.
“Connie was eighteen and ready for college when Sebby and I got married. Lisa was already married, with a baby on the way.”
“He was the only kid left behind?” I suddenly envisioned a young Harvey, sharing his home with a father who had a new wife and new joy to see him through the aftermath of tragedy. That’s such an impressionable time for a boy on the brink of manhood. Did Harvey still mourn his mother?
“Yes.”
“What happened to him when he got out of the Navy?”
“What do you mean?” Those blue, blue eyes grew wide. “What are you suggesting, that Harvey got into trouble because we didn’t understand him when he was growing up?”
“No. I was just wondering if something bad happened to him, to knock him further off course. Maybe he has problems dealing with women because his mom died when he was at a vulnerable age. Unresolved issues, as the shrinks like to say.” There I went, acting as an amateur psychologist. Call me Dr. Syd. Still, what if I was right, and Harvey had a big blind spot when it comes to women? That might explain why he got so belligerent with me.
“Well, his girlfriend, Patsy, dumped him for someone else. That was right after the Navy decided to drop their investigation.”
“Harvey was investigated by the Navy?”
“Not just the Navy. The Naval Criminal Investigative Service.”
“NCIS?” I asked. Lidia nodded.
“He swore he had nothing to do with it, but the Navy said he was the guy in charge of loading the cable onto the repair ship for the Military Sealift Command, so he had to be involved.”
“Cable?” That got my attention. “It was missing?”
“That’s what the commander in Charleston said.”
“Hmm....” I pondered that. “What kind of cable are we talking about here...something to secure an anchor to a ship?”
Henry had told me about the booming business of stealing metal products for their resale value. Copper pipes went missing from buildings, manhole covers were removed from streets, all because folks were looking to make a buck.
“No, communications cable. The kind they use to send signals underwater.”
“Oh, dear.” I was beginning to see why Henry was interested in getting to know more about Harvey. Those undersea communications cables were a real big deal. A lot of governments would love to have access to America’s communications systems, and they might seek to gain entry through a low-level naval maintenance man.
“Ever since then, Harvey’s been a real mess.”
“Wow.” Maybe to you it doesn’t seem like a “wow” kind of moment, but I was wracking my brain to come up with another word to describe it. Had Harvey been the fall guy for some thief trying to sell access to Navy secrets to a foreign entity?
“You think that means something?” Lidia inquired, her curiosity peaked.
“I’m not sure,” I admitted. This was out of my realm of expertise. Paint, wallpaper, window treatments -- those are my forte. “Did Harvey have a lawyer then, too?”
“Sure. The Navy assigned him one. We didn’t have to pay for her services. She was pretty good, too. She got the prosecutors to back off, even though they never really closed the investigation. The Navy gave him an honorable discharge, but informed him it could be rescinded if it turned out he was involved in the theft of the cable. Harvey’s still waiting for the investigation to wrap up. He uses this as an excuse not to work. He just picks up the occasional odd job here and there.”
It sounded to me like the Navy never really let the man off the hook. Maybe Harvey couldn’t find employment because somebody deliberately undermined him. That hardly seemed fair. Maybe Henry was right to take this case on. What could I do to help? I waved a hand at the remaining yard sale offerings.
“How much do you want?”
“I don’t follow you, dear.”
“What are you asking for all the rest of the stuff?” I saw the elderly woman hesitate, her lower lip quiver ever so slightly. She locked her gaze on me.
“Are you really going to help Harvey?” she demanded to know. For a second, I considered bluffing, but then I decided to be honest.
“Yes. Yes, I am. I think your stepson was in over his head and it’s going to take some doing to get him out of that mess.”
“In that case, you can take it for free. Just don’t tell him I gave it to you.”
“Don’t worry. I’m not going to give it to him right away. I’m going to put it in storage. I have a unit nearby. When Henry gets this all sorted out, Harvey can have his stuff back.”
“I knew I liked you the moment I met you,” she replied with a smile, as she picked up a box of old pots and followed me out to the car.
It took two trips, but I managed to transport the rest of the household items from Harvey’s childhood home to Public Storage, just around the corner on Office Park Road. Once I had them all tucked inside my 10-foot cubicle, behind the two love seats and antique dining table I bought earlier in the week, I pulled down the door, padlocked it, and waved to the manager on my way out.
Henry met me at the door of the vanilla palace, holding our Maltese pound pooch, Boondoggle.
“Hey, babe.” He kissed my lips sweetly, clearly on his best behavior now that he had taken off his FBI cap and was acting in his capacity as husband and lover. “What’s for dinner?”
“It’s only two in the afternoon,” I pointed out. “Why are you asking?”
“I thought we might take a drive.”
“What kind of a drive?” I asked, finding it odd that my husband had a hankering to hit the road.
“I thought we might head to Charleston for dinner.”
“Where you just might happen to ask an old Navy buddy to join us?” I looked at those brown eyes straight on and waited to see his reaction. We might still be newlyweds, but I was getting the hang of being married to a wily FBI agent who takes on the tough cases involving national security. He blinked. I continued staring at him. He flinched and then tried to shrug it off. “Ha!”
“Why, Syd, you’re positively psychic!” he chuckled, giving me his winning smile as an acknowledgment. “However did you know that was what I had in mind?”
“Lidia and I had a long talk about Harvey. I know about the investigation into the missing communications cable,” I announced triumphantly.
Henry took a long breath and exhaled loudly through his nose. It was almost a snort.
“You do continue to amaze me, Sydney Stansfield Hartman.”
“Of course I do. That’s because you continue to underestimate me, Henry Hartman.”
“Perhaps that’s true,” he nodded in my direction. “Just don’t ask me about it, Syd. And when we meet Corso and his wife, don’t delve into the subject, even if I mention it. We don’t want to put the Navy on high alert. I just want to know whether Harvey got a bum deal in an intelligence matter or he’s just your garden variety of bum.”
“Okay,” I agreed. “I will do that on one condition.”
“What’s that, my love?”
“No refried beans tonight. Or hot peppers. Not if we’re going to be in the car for several hours of driving time.”
“I guess that seems fair,” he conceded.
In case you’re wondering why I was willing to cut Harvey so much slack, it’s because Henry knows first hand about losing a mother as a child. The circle of four women who pitched in to help Heath Hartman raise his son was impressive. They all were residents of the same New York City apartment building. Most nights, young Henry stayed with Hope, a single schoolteacher, while his father worked complicated FBI counterintelligence cases. She was now down in Belize with her second husband, Tony, running an Internet business. Faith, a former Department of Justice prosecutor now in private practice in Savannah, had done double-duty as Henry’s adopted aunt and Heath’s trusted companion until he died. She and her new husband, Sam, a retired judge, recently moved into what we call the barristers’ bungalow in Carolina Place. Prudence, his adopted grandmother, and Charity, his adopted great-aunt, have the granny villa just a few doors down from us.
How did all these Hartman relatives wind up in Hilton Head? The answer is simple. Henry lured them here. He may not have the family he was born with, but by Jove, Henry Hartman has plenty of adopted relatives, and he loves them all dearly.
These days, it was very convenient to live so close to the two elderly ladies, especially after Prudence had heart surgery. When she came home from the hospital to recuperate, I could pop in and check on her throughout the day, especially while Charity was off at her exercise class. I often left Boondoggle at the granny villa, sometimes even when I didn’t need to, because Prudence enjoyed the company of the little Maltese pooch. They would snooze together on the sofa in the late afternoon. Now well on the mend, she was going to cardiac rehab every week to build up her stamina. 
“Boonie!” Henry whistled for the dog and brought me back to reality. The tap-tap-tap of tiny paws on the wood floor signaled the arrival of the little white fur ball. He bounded up to us as we stood at the front door, tail wagging. “You’re in luck, buddy. Grandma’s going to look after you tonight.”
Grabbing my purse, I followed them outside. “Did you ask if it was convenient? Do they know we’re coming?”
“I did. They do. They’re staying in tonight. Something about a project they’re working on.”
“Ah, that sounds interesting.”
Charity met us at the door of the granny villa, excitedly inviting us in. “Hurry or you’ll miss it!”
I couldn’t even begin to guess what ‘it’ was, but I had little doubt it was something we didn’t want to miss. The Hartman ladies can be a hoot.
“Can’t have that,” Henry smiled, as we followed her past the galley kitchen and into the open living room. Prudence, outfitted in a long black dress, was standing before the fireplace, holding a big pot in one arm, while pretending to stir with the other. Boondoggle took one look at her and backed away, barking frantically.
“Double, double, toil and trouble; Fire burn, and cauldron bubble....” she cackled. Her witch’s hat tilted to the side, so she propped it back onto her head with the wooden spoon, even as her grandson applauded her performance.
“Ah, Macbeth. Does this mean you’re going back to the stage?” Henry asked. Prudence, the professional actor, had spent decades in the theater, on the occasional TV show, and even in commercials.
“Sort of,” his grandmother chuckled.
“Not exactly,” Charity corrected her.
“Which is it, ladies, sort of or not exactly?” the trained investigator inquired.
“Prudence is doing a very special production, but it’s not Macbeth.”
“If not Macbeth, then what?” Henry wanted to know.
“Oh, may I?” I stepped forward, examining her wardrobe, from the collar of the black cotton dress to the hem that barely covered the pointy black shoes. I observed the pale, almost gray, face makeup carefully applied to accentuate the wrinkles and then moved on to the wig of silver hair befitting someone who shoved a finger into a live electrical socket. When I stepped back, I tallied the clues up in my head, gave her a little smile, and spit out my conclusion. “I think I know what this is all about. Halloween!”
“Say what?” Henry was taken aback.
“It’s true. We’re doing a haunted house for charity.”
“Wait till you see my costume,” chimed Charity. “It’s a hoot.”
“Literally,” Henry’s grandmother informed us. “She’s playing the part of an owl.”

Chapter Four --

“I’ll definitely pay to see this show,” Henry kissed the elderly lady’s cheek affectionately. “Save me a front row seat.”
“It’s not a show. It’s a haunted house, and you walk through each delightfully frightful room. As for tickets, you can certainly purchase them in advance. I’m sure you will want to invite friends, Henry. After all, the profits go to the local food bank. Don’t forget that Thanksgiving is coming up,” Prudence reminded us. “We want to put a turkey on every table in Hilton Head.”
“A worthy cause indeed. I’ll add it to my electronic calendar,” he promised, as we headed out the door. “We shouldn’t be too late.”
A few moments later, we were in Henry’s Subaru Outback, turning onto Route 278. We crossed the bridge, aimed for Bluffton, and traveled another few miles up the road before we got onto the Okatie Highway. The late afternoon sun was behind us as we covered the distance to the seaport city. Henry wasn’t in much of a talking mood, at least not at first. I could tell he was planning the conversation he would have with George Corso, an old Navy buddy. The rear admiral had stayed in the service after Henry was honorably discharged. A few decades later, he had the braids and stars on his uniform that bespoke of his command status. Henry seemed apprehensive, as if he wasn’t quite sure how to go about broaching the subject of Harvey and the missing cable.
“Syd, do you think you and Jackie could excuse yourselves for a little shopping before dinner?”
“Sure. For how long?”
“For however long it takes me to get what I need. I’ll tell you what. When I’m done with George, I’ll give you a call and ask you why you two are taking so long. You can nag me for being a deadbeat husband who doesn’t respect your needs. That way, they’ll think we’re just like any other married couple.”
“Are we?”
“What?”
“Like any other married couple.”
“Hardly. God broke the mold when he got done with you, babe. You’re a one-of-a-kind work of art.”
“Flatterer!”
“Ain’t it the truth,” he grinned, patting my hand.
We had a table reserved at the Peninsula Grill, a popular Charleston eatery inside the Planter’s Inn. By time we drove past the restaurant entrance, found a parking space on North Market, and walked back to the landmark building, George and Jackie were waiting there for us. 
“Any chance we have a few minutes before dinner?” I asked, as I stuck to the script Henry had given me.
“We’re not due until six. You’ve got exactly twenty minutes, Syd,” my husband warned me. That meant I had half an hour.
“Good. Jackie, want to join me? There’s a gallery just down the street I want to check out.”
“Sounds like fun,” said the tall, buxom mother of three. Her hair was a mass of short black curls, her green eyes carefully outlined to emphasize their almond shape. She wore a white cotton blouse and tight magenta skirt that was put to the seam test by her ample derriere. Loaded with gold jewelry that clanged as she moved, Jackie was an admiral’s wife, eye-catching and confident. This was no shrinking violet, I thought, as I contemplated the woman I had only met once before, during a memorial service at the Navy yard.
“So, Sydney, how’s life been treating you down in Hilton Head?”
“Can’t complain. I’m finding my way as a decorator. It helps to live on an island where tourists are flocking for some fun in the sun and the rental market is thriving. How’s life been treating you?”
“Same old, same old.” We were under the green awning, peering into the One-of-a-Kind Gallery, just down the street from the hotel. “I haven’t been to this shop for quite a while. It looks promising. Shall we go in?”
“Let’s. I want to see if there’s a chance I can get my paintings in here,” I told her. I like to work on seascapes, landscapes and the occasional portrait when I’m not decorating.
“You won’t know unless you ask.”
 Jackie was a Charleston real estate agent and by the time we were half way through the shop’s displays, she had already run into two clients and introduced herself to a potential third. Out came the business cards, accompanied by the friendly handshake. A real hustler, comfortable taking charge of conversations, she was the first one to say, “I’ll call you about that!” and make an electronic note to herself to follow up. Watching her, I could see people definitely seemed to respond positively to her approach. I wondered how much of her success came from her naturally bubbly personality and how much was the result of being an admiral’s wife. Or was it her husband who benefitted most from having a wife who was a savvy businesswoman?
“You certainly seem to be well known around Charleston,” I noted. “Have you always been good at schmoozing?”
“Good heavens, my father used to say I was vaccinated with a phonograph needle. I was a born talker,” she laughed. “But I’m also a good listener. You have to be if you’re married to a naval officer. You never know what’s going to come up. Sometimes, Syd, it’s heartbreaking what a deployment does to a marriage. Me? I’m independent and resourceful. I know how to keep busy when George is at sea. But some of the younger wives, not so much. They sit around all week long, waiting for the weekends, so they can go out drinking and meet sailors. The divorce rate is deplorable.”
“How sad,” I replied. We talked about how life had changed for the better and worse as technology developed, enabling faster and more frequent communications between service members and their families back home. By the time Henry called to remind us we were due back at the Peninsula Grill, we were so engrossed in our conversation that my response sounded perfectly normal and unscripted.
An hour and a half later, after lingering over chilled oysters on the half shell, salads, and thick, juicy steaks, we topped off the meal with a round of the specialty of the house -- coconut cake worth killing for -- and coffee.
“We should do this again,” Jackie suggested, as we left the restaurant, ready to go our separate ways. “Maybe we could go for a sail around the harbor.”
“Sounds nice, doesn’t it, Henry?” I poked him into responding. Leaning against me, he smiled and kissed me before answering.
“We’ll make a date to get together. For now, Syd and I will say good night. We have a long drive back to Hilton Head.”
As we strolled down the street to the car, I felt Henry tuck the keys into my hand. I got behind the wheel as my husband settled himself in the passenger seat. He was quiet as I drove through the city, navigating the streets. He waited until we were back on the highway before he finally shared his thoughts.
“I definitely think Harvey was set up as the patsy, Syd.”
There it was. He was discussing the case with me. Why?
“George says that there’s an open investigation on him. The Navy still thinks he was involved in the cable theft and it’s just a matter of giving him enough time and some rope to hang himself.”
“But you’re not convinced?”
“Syd, from what Harvey told me, he went from being a successful member of the maintenance crew that serviced the ships in port to being a guy who had a number of bar fights, no memory of drinking, and a girlfriend who dumped him for a ranking officer in the logistics department. Harvey was discharged before the case was resolved. As long as that case stays open, Harvey’s stuck in neutral, and that makes him the perfect fall guy.”
“What are you going to do?”
“What can I do? I don’t have any kind of reason to challenge NCIS on their version of what happened, and it’s not like the Navy is going to clear the guy anytime soon. Still, I can’t leave him dangling, can I?”
“Which means you’re going to do something unofficially?” 
“Maybe if I get the guy a job and a place to live on the island, he can clean up his act and we’ll be able to see whether he’s his own worst enemy or he’s been used by a hostile enemy.”
“How are you going to get him a job? He’s a convicted felon. It’s not like he registers high on the trust meter for employers.”
“You could give him a job, Syd.”
It took a few seconds for those words to filter through my brain, and when they did, I nearly drove off the road. “Are you kidding me?”
“Syd, the guy needs someone to believe in him.” Henry’s voice got really low, serious.
“Tell it to his minister or his priest...his rabbi, his imam...guru...shaman....” I began listing all of Harvey’s other options for faith-building.
“Are you afraid that he’s going to pull an empty gun on you again?”
“Henry, my reputation is everything to my business. If there’s even a whiff of anything unsavory, my clients will drop me faster than the Queen of Butter got dumped by the Food Network.”
“I’ll back him one hundred percent. I promise you won’t suffer any personal or professional damage.”
“Small comfort when I’m lying dead on the kitchen floor! What if he loads that gun of his with real bullets next time?”
“Syd....”
“Henry....”
“Syd....” Back and forth we went, bickering. He kept up the pressure, wearing me down, until I finally agreed to give Bigfoot a trial run. Once that was out of the way, he fiddled with the car radio until he found some sing-along tunes. After belting out his version of the Tears for Fear hit, Shout, he moved on to a Paul Simon song.
“If you’ll be my bodyguard, I can be your long, lost pal....”
“I’m probably going to need a bodyguard,” I mumbled under my breath. “A more appropriate song would be Still Crazy After All These Years.”
Henry pretended not to hear. He moved on to Livin’ la Vida Loca, drumming on the dashboard like a teenager. All that was missing was the funky spiked hair. “Her lips are devil red....”
“Give me strength, Lord!” I uttered to the unresponsive heavens as the man beside me broke into a wide grin.
“What’s the matter, Syd? No musical talent in your genes? Can’t sing to save your life?”
“Is that a challenge from the Backward Street Boy?”
“Bring it on, sister!” he laughed. “And try not to fumble over the lyrics!”
That’s the trouble with being married to a man that grew up in a theatrical family. By the time Prudence and the other Hartman ladies were done dragging him to Broadway shows and even the Met for the occasional opera, he was well-schooled in musical production. It makes him a real ham bone -- good for undercover work as a federal agent, but annoying when he chooses to practice his singing talents on long drives. The only upside is that he doesn’t have a microphone for his pseudo-karaoke performances.
Boondoggle was thrilled to see us when we popped into the granny villa to retrieve him a little after ten. The rescue pooch greeted us at the front door. The Hartman ladies, dressed in respectable cotton nightgowns and robes, were watching TV. I spied empty ice cream bowls on the coffee table and a smattering of doggie toys on the carpet. It looked like a fun night for all three.
“Come on, buddy.” My husband beckoned Boonie and the tiny terrier hopped up on his hind legs, pawing Henry’s knee with great enthusiasm. A moment later, the dog was in his master’s arms, licking his cheek. “Time to go home. Good night, ladies.”
“Oh, wait. Before you go, Henry,” said Charity, “I’m having trouble with the faucet in the powder room. It’s dripping.”
“I think I know a guy who can fix it.” As he said those words, he looked in my direction. A job for Harvey. Crap!
“Is the guy any good? I only ask because Pete Srinka needs a little work done on his deck, where the wood rotted away....” That was Prudence. Oh, yes. I could see this imaginary bus hurtling toward me as I stood in its path on life’s highway. They were all in on it, working the room together. One way or another, Henry was determined to get the gun-toting miscreant some gainful employment.
“Maybe you should ask Rhodes,” I suggested helpfully. “He has a crack team of carpenters, plumbers....”
“What do you think, Henry? Should we bother Rhodes with this?” I saw his grandmother give him the eye, and that’s when I knew this was already a done deal.
“Alright already!” I put my hands in the air. “You ladies can stand down now. I will give Harvey a job.”
“Who’s Harvey?” Prudence asked, straight-faced. Shameful behavior from the senior set, old enough to know better.
“Whatever do you mean, dear?” Charity played along. I looked from one elderly lady to the other, shook my head with disappointment at their continued charade, and let out a long, exasperated sigh before shrugging my shoulders with theatrical flair worthy of Bernadette Peters. No flies on me. As I did, I caught the wink Charity tossed me. The Hartman ladies were working the room alright. They wanted Henry to think he had succeeded in fooling me with their help. Brilliant strategy, if you think about it. Not only does he rely on them for assistance, he briefs them on the happenings. That way, they’re always kept in the loop.
“Henry didn’t tell you about his new best friend?” I kept my eyes on the two innocent-looking little old ladies in the floral gowns and matching robes as they stood with us at the door. Prudence was smiling at me encouragingly and poking her buddy. As Henry reached for Boondoggle’s leash on the front hall table, his grandmother had the audacity to give me a thumbs-up. What in heaven’s name did they know about Harvey that I did not?
“Oh,” they replied in unison, “does he have a new friend?”
“He does.”
“How nice,” said Charity. “One can never have enough friends.”
“The more the merrier,” Prudence added. “Friends are life’s best currency. Without them, we are poor.”
“Family’s important, too. It’s so convenient to have you two nearby,” Charity insisted. “We could never manage the granny villa without you.”
“Good night, ladies,” was all I said. I was beginning to catch on. Lidia must have called them to check on Henry and me, and that got the ball rolling. I had little doubt that the older Hartman ladies would keep the Poulins fully informed of Harvey’s new career as my handyman.
I had plenty of time to think about the family situation on the walk back home to our villa. Henry and Boondoggle were lollygagging along the path as the dog had his final sniffing adventure of the night.
Arriving on Hilton Head Island in winter, Henry and I had resided in a tiny one-bedroom condo at the Heritage Club, but soon after, we purchased a lagoon villa in Carolina Place.  I had spent weeks redoing it in anticipation of moving in there with my new husband, only to find myself turning it over to Prudence and Charity when they played the granny card and decided they had to have it for themselves. Henry and I bought the second villa, fully expecting to renovate that one for us, but Faith and Sammy made us an offer on it that was too good to turn down, so it became the barristers’ bungalow. Luckily, the third villa turned out to be the charmer for us. Done in white from top to bottom, the vanilla palace was available and was “move-in ready”. Unfortunately, I was inundated with job offers, and I never got around to adding color on the walls of our new place. Every time I walked in that front door, I was struck by the plainness of it all. Maybe, if Harvey was any good at painting, I’d ask him to throw a couple of coats of paint on the guest room walls. And if the effort met with my approval, I’d have him paint the master bedroom and bath. After that, I might even use him on a couple of jobs I had lined up with Rhodes, the local real estate wizard with a large inventory of rental properties. Some of these he owned, some he managed, but there was always work that needed doing somewhere on the island. Once I could give Harvey a decent reference, Rhodes might hire him full-time for his property management crew and Harvey would be out of my hair. 
“I think I’ll start Harvey on a painting project,” I announced, sitting on the doorstep, as my husband and dog finally arrived.
“What kind of painting project?”
“Guest room.”
“Too small. It reeks of mistrust.”
“Excuse me?”
“Syd, the guy did some serious maintenance work in the Navy. You can’t just give him some kind of lame job. We want him to believe in himself again.”
“Yes, well...I don’t want to go down with the ship, Captain Bly.”
“Tell you what. How about you act as the general contractor for the Hartman ladies and Pete Srinka on those jobs? Get in there and get involved in the details. Don’t just have him fix the drip in the granny villa. Go bigger. And have him do something impressive with Pete’s deck.”
“You know Charity and Prudence should have safety rails for their bathtubs,” I told him.
“They should. One of them might fall.”
“Maybe Harvey could build a bench and a planter box for Pete.” I considered the possibilities.
“Now you’re thinking! Use your imagination as a decorator. There are plenty of senior citizens on Hilton Head who could use the services of a trusty handyman who works for a nice lady like you.”
I hated to admit it, but Henry was right. There were always little odd jobs that needed doing. Harvey would need to eventually get licensed and bonded, but if I put him to work now with little fix-its here and little fix-its there, it would at least be a start. Who knows? Maybe he’d turn out to be pretty good.
Looking back now, I can see how naive I was when I agreed. If only I had known what I was getting myself into, could I have changed the outcome? Should I have?

Chapter Five --

“You remember all that junk you saw in the back of Harvey’s pickup truck?” Henry asked me forty minutes later. I was dabbing moisturizer all over my face as we got ready for bed.
“I was too busy worrying about whether that nasty dog was going to eat my face to pay attention to something as mundane as the contents of his truck bed,” I replied drily.
“Harvey’s homeless, babe. He lost his apartment last week and he’s been living on the beach ever since.”
“No wonder he was so desperate to get his hands on that winning lottery ticket.”
“I put him in our Heritage Club condo, at least for the time being.” Located over in the Marriott complex at Harbour Town, the tiny one-bedroom unit had been nicely updated and furnished by me just a few months ago, and now it earned its keep in the rental program.
“Is Killer housetrained?” If Bigfoot’s canine companion was anything like him, the creature might be chewing the sofa cushions and scratching the woodwork at this very moment.
“Syd, you’re going to have to let that empty gun thing go. Harvey wasn’t really trying to murder you!”
“Not Harvey. The dog.”
“Oh, yeah. Right. I imagine so.”
“Well, imagine those new floors if Killer isn’t. It could be even worse. What if Killer has a little separation anxiety and decides to rip up the mattress?”
“How about that? I married Pollyanna, the perpetual optimist.” He nibbled the end of my nose and woofed.
“I’m just saying....”
“Look, it’s not going to be easy, Syd. I understand your frustration. But I really need to know if Harvey was involved in that cable theft.”
“But it’s a Navy case, Henry, and you work for the FBI.”
“No, it’s a national security situation and I work for the American people. Syd, those cables are at the very heart of our classified electronic communications. If this is a concerted effort to exploit a weakness in the system, if Harvey was used to somehow gain a foothold, I need to know that. By giving him a job and keeping an eye on him, I’ll be able to see for myself whether he’s a victim or a villain.”
“But you’re doing this unofficially,” I pointed out. “How do you know you won’t get taken for a ride?”
“That’s why I’m doing it this way, because if there are any spies behind the effort, it will become an FBI case. This is a chance for me to see who’s shadowing Harvey.”
“You really believe he got skunked?”
“I really do. Maybe the guy just had a meltdown for whatever reason back then -- he was drinking too much, carousing, or the girl was just wrong for him. But if he was the target of a spy operation to penetrate that cable business, in order to interfere with or monitor our communications, the bad guys are probably still keeping tabs on the guy, as a security measure for their activities.”
“Oh,” I sighed, considering the possibilities, none of which looked good.
“I had one of my guys do a background check on him after the gun incident. He comes up clean right up until his last two years in the Navy, when he met that young woman who raked him over the coals, Patricia Minelli. If she set up a honey pot to snag him, someone was directing her activities. Maybe they later deliberately ruined Harvey’s life in order to hide their success.”
“What does that mean? If he starts to get his life back on track, they’ll try to derail him again?”
“That’s one possibility.”
“What’s another?” I asked, as I wrapped Henry’s strong arms around me and I snuggled back in his embrace.
“They’ll try to blackmail him and I’ll have a front row seat to the show.”
 “Let me see if I understand this. He had an exemplary military record right up till the time he met the girl who broke his heart. Since then, he’s been investigated by the Navy for cable theft, he was busted in Myrtle Beach for brawling in a bar, his father and stepmother banned him from the house, he lost his apartment, and he threatened me....”
“That’s it in a nut shell, Syd. This is why he has to start fresh. Unless he’s going down hill fast because of some kind of psychiatric breakdown, we’ll chalk up the past to Harvey being an idiot and work on getting him back up on his feet now. If he’s just a normal guy who’s been down on his luck, he’ll take advantage of the chance we’re giving him. But if he’s the target of a spy ring and they’re not done with the Navy, they’ll show up to the party.”
“It almost sounds like folks deliberately cut him loose from his support network,” I decided, “so that no one would believe him when he said he was being set up.”
“That did occur to me,” the FBI agent concurred.
“You think that by giving him a decent place to live and a job, he’ll turn himself around as long as no one’s interfering with his life.”
“I do. And if they are interfering, I want to catch them in the act.”
“And if you put Harvey with me, you can watch two birds at the same time, because I’ve got that personal alarm?”
“Not only beautiful, but smart! Boy, did I marry up!”
“Indeed you did,” I agreed, giggling as I felt his hands traveling up my naked skin.
“I don’t appreciate you nearly as much as I should,” he said quietly, his mouth to my ear.
“True. This might be a good time to start,” was my answer. And sure enough, he got right to it.
We awoke several hours later to the sound of Boondoggle barking. Was that someone knocking at the front door? Sitting up quickly, I glanced over at the clock. Just short of six o’clock. There was more knocking, and it sounded frantic now. Who could that be?
“I’ll go. You get dressed,” Henry instructed me. Even as I saw him pull on his pants and grab a tee shirt, I knew he was concerned about the unexpected early-morning visitor. He closed the door on his way out. 
“Boonie, shush!” I instructed the Maltese terrier. I put the yapping watch dog in his crate before I struggled into my bra and panties, and then I threw on shorts and a top.
“Fire!” I heard an anxious voice in the foyer say. I thought I recognized it as Mr. Timulty’s. He lived in the condo across the way. “Help me, please!”
“Did you call the fire department?” That was Henry’s calm, steady reply. I arrived in the foyer as Henry grabbed our fire extinguisher from the kitchen and turned to exit. 
“I’ve got another in the laundry room,” I reminded him. He went to retrieve it, returning a moment later with the red metal container in hand. I hurriedly threw on my boat shoes and followed the two men out the door. They were making a beeline for Martha Stenkill’s unit, where thick black smoke was pouring from the kitchen window. I could hear sirens wailing in the distance, a sure sign the volunteer fire department was already en route. A tearful Martha was standing outside on the pavement of the parking lot, quivering.
“This is terrible!” she sniffed. Dressed in a gauzy baby doll nightgown and matching panties that left little to the imagination, Martha was the poster girl for a midlife peep show. “What have I done?”
“Come home with me,” I said kindly to the shocked woman. “I’ve got some clothes you can throw on top of your...um, outfit. We’ll get you sorted out. Does that sound good?”
She bobbed her head a few times, so I took her by the shoulders and gently propelled her forward, hoping the neighbors wouldn’t start popping out of their respective doorways before I got her inside. The last thing the forty-something physical therapist needed was people talking about her choice of sexy attire.
On the top step, I turned to take a quick look, wondering if I should rouse the other neighbors, to warn them that the blaze could spread to their units. The screen door of Martha’s condo was propped open now and I could see two men moving inside the kitchen as they squirted foam at the hot, hungry flames. Billowing puffs of heavy smoke poured outside as the fire came under attack. A hand slid the kitchen window open and more smoke escaped. When it all dissipated seconds later, the kitchen was left in darkness. The two men emerged triumphant, their fire extinguishers at their sides. I watched Henry and John Timulty congratulate each other with a high-five.
“Looks like the danger’s over,” I told my nervous companion as she cowered behind me.
“Thank God!”
“And here comes the Hilton Head volunteer fire department to make sure the fire’s completely out. No doubt they’ll want to talk to you.”
Martha looked down in horror at the peek-a-boo pajamas and blushed. “Oh, good heavens! Hide me!”
A number of neighbors were making their way towards the scene of the fire, drawn to the action as all the firefighters arrived in their trucks. It would only take one of them to turn around and spot Martha on my doorstep.
“Go!” I urged her, throwing open the front door. The minute we were safely inside, I slammed the door shut and hurried her into the master bedroom.
Ten minutes later, wearing my sensible blue-and-white cotton beach cover-up and my blue beach clogs, the physical therapist was talking with the assistant fire chief on the sidewalk outside her unit as the firefighters finished inspecting the damage. I brought her a cup of coffee and offered one to the assistant chief, who declined. The smell of overly crisp bacon lingered in the air, mingling with the heavier stench of acrid smoke. I found myself oddly hungry and nauseated at the same time.
“I was making breakfast and I turned on the fry pan....” she explained nervously. “I..I left it for just a few minutes....”
John Timulty, the handsome hunk of a personnel director at Island Staffing, was looking rather sheepish as he stood nearby. Had he been Martha’s early morning guest? That might explain how she came to be distracted while cooking her bacon. 
“The damage isn’t too bad,” the assistant chief told her. “Just call your insurance agent and the company will send out an adjuster to have a look.”
“Oh, do you really think that’s necessary?” She seemed a little squeamish about the idea of putting in a claim. Was that because she’d have to explain that things looked hotter in the bedroom than the kitchen, right up to the moment that grease flamed up?
“It’s up to you. As far as I can see, it’s mostly smoke damage, nothing structural. It can all be fixed with good professional scrubbing and a can or two of paint.”
When the fire engines finally pulled away twenty minutes later, I invited Martha and John over for breakfast. I had an idea, but I wasn’t sure how to broach it with her. Once there were pancakes on the platter, and Henry put the platter on the table, I gave it a go.
“Martha, do you have someone in mind to do the repairs on your kitchen?” For a brief moment, her lower lip trembled and she glanced across to John. I knew that look. It was the universal damsel-in-distress SOS, the silent plea for a secret lover’s help in dealing with a crisis. But John’s stricken response said it all. At the moment, the man was in the final stretch of a long, messy divorce. His soon-to-be ex-wife had made a point of telling all the neighbors in Carolina Place about her suspicions that her husband was having an affair. All he’d need would be for one of them to get wind of Martha’s plight. They might put two and two together and call his ex-wife to share the sum of that equation.
“I..um...er,” he said, tripping over his tongue. I cut him off, to spare him the need to lie to us.
“The reason I ask is because I’ve got this guy I’m considering hiring for my team, and I’d really like to give him a trial run first. If you want, I could call him and have him take a look at your kitchen.”
A big whoosh escaped from her mouth as she let out the breath she was holding and took another big gulp of air. For a moment, I thought I would have to grab a paper bag to keep her from hyperventilating, but she managed to pull herself together and recover from her sudden bout of nerves.
“Would you? That would be great,” replied a very, very relieved Martha. I caught the look she snuck at John. “I could pay your man in cash.”
“I’m sure he’d like that,” I smiled. Henry sat back in his chair, a satisfied smirk on his face. He was thoroughly enjoying the play enacted on our kitchen stage.
Two hours later, Harvey was sitting with Henry at that very same table, going over the rules. He folded his long legs under his chair, crossed his arms over his belly, and grumbled a lot. My all-too-patient husband went on and on about what a great opportunity this would be for my new handyman and how he should make the most of it. I finally reached my limit.
“Enough already!” I snapped. “If Harvey is too good for the job, let him work someplace else!”
“Syd!” Henry glared at me, warning me that I was crossing the line. I didn’t care. I wasn’t about to hire a guy who was going to drag his feet every step of the way. My clients deserved better than that.
“He’s either in or he’s out,” I told my husband. “There’s no in between. People need decent workmen who won’t jerk them through the hoops every time they need something done. And I’m not about to babysit some guy who doesn’t have the sense to recognize a good thing when he sees it. You can drag a mule to water, but you can’t force him to give up his stubborn streak!”
“Are you calling me a mule?” Harvey bellowed, his face blooming crimson.
“If the horseshoe fits....”
“Forget it!” Wham! His beefy hand slammed the top of the table. “I don’t need this sh....”
“Don’t you dare break my table!” Interrupting his raging soliloquy, I got right in his face, madder than wild hog in a wire cage. “What is wrong with you? Here you are, tossing away a chance to change your life, dumping all that anger on us because we did what to you? Gave you one more opportunity to fix what’s broken?”
“I never asked....”
“And while we’re at it, where the hell is my apology? You have yet to make amends for what you did to me at your stepmother’s house! Have you no shame? No pride in yourself? No compassion for your fellow human beings? This is how you want to live, like a barbarian?”
“Syd....”
“Is she always like this?” snarled Harvey, ignoring me.
“Pretty much,” my husband answered, folding his arms across his chest and warily waiting for me to finish.
“She’s got a big mouth.” There’s the pot calling the kettle black.
“Yeah, but she’s usually right. Let’s be honest. You have been a real ass about all this.”
“Sometimes my temper gets away from me,” Harvey admitted, with a small shrug.
“Can’t have that,” Henry told him seriously. “You’ve got to have some self-control, man.”
“I hate women bossing me around,” Harvey announced. I jumped right back into the fracas.
“Tough Tiddlywinks, pal! If I’m responsible for the quality of the work you do, you will take orders from me or I’ll can your fanny so fast, you won’t know what hit you! And if I catch you stealing from a client or doing anything unethical, I’ll have you arrested. You don’t like those rules, run along. Scurry back under the troll bridge!”
“Don’t you mean toll bridge?” he corrected me.
“Not when you have that Yeti personality!”
“There you go again with that Bigfoot crap! How am I supposed to respect a boss who calls me that?” Suddenly the man wanted respect from me? I went at him again.
“You threatened me with a gun and you have the audacity to talk about me not respecting you? I’m still waiting for that apology, mister!”
“Fine. Sorry.”
“What? You call this an apology? And you want me to take you seriously as an employee? Get real!”
“I will if you will!”
There we were, at a stalemate, eye to eye, nose to nose, waiting to see who would break first. As far as I was concerned, it would not be me. A long twenty seconds passed before I saw Harvey twitch. Another ten and he blinked. At last he harrumphed, and then cleared his throat.
“I’m sorry I told you I would shoot you.”
“Apology accepted,” I said tersely. “Now, are you interested in working for me or not?”
“On one condition -- I’m not a charity case.”
“Trust me. You’re not a charity case. You will do an honest day’s work. But I’ll warn you right now that you’re not going to turn me into a basket case with any more antics. I expect cooperation. You can’t give that, hit the road, Slugger.”
“You drive a hard bargain. Any more rules I should know about?”
“Well, first up, you need to understand, there’s no gossiping about the clients. Anything you overhear, observe, or discover, unless it puts someone in harm’s way or causes a problem, keep it to yourself.”
“Accepted.”
I detailed the situation with Martha’s kitchen and I made a point of informing him that Martha’s private life was her own.
“Married man, huh?” A little smirk played across his face for a brief moment, right up until he glanced over at me, and then it was gone. “I’m just joking with you.”
“Just one last thing,” I insisted, as we got ready to check out Martha’s kitchen. “If you don’t know how to do something, don’t even think about faking it. My clients pay for services rendered. I don’t expect you to be Superman. I expect you to be honest.”
“Yes, ma’am!” as he gave me a mock salute. Walking past him on my way to the foyer, I heard Henry snicker softly. I turned, eyes blazing, and set my sights on my husband.
“Something funny I should know about?” I demanded sternly. Those brown eyes of his grew wide with surprise.
“No, ma’am,” he shook his head adamantly. Even as I whirled around and continued to the front door, I could imagine the look that passed between the two chastised men. Good. Let them be afraid of my temper. Let them be very afraid. Sydney Hartman is not going to take any more nonsense from anyone.

Chapter Six --

“This place is a disaster zone.” Harvey looked around the tiny kitchen and shook his head. “It’s an absolute mess.”
I followed his gaze, noting the scorch marks on the upper wall cabinets by the range. The damage seemed fairly inconsequential. It might take some sanding to remove the burned surface of the wood, but with a good paint job, the cabinets were probably salvageable. The range hood would have to be replaced, and so would some of the drywall. Most of all, the sooty odor had to go. Even with all the windows open, and a large floor fan blowing it outside, it was overwhelming.
“Can you fix it?” Martha wanted to know, her nervous hands fidgeting. She was now demurely dressed in a pair of floral print shorts and a white cotton tee, her feet sporting pink flip flops.
“It was like this before the fire, you know.”
I wasn’t expecting him to be so honest. We were in Martha’s place no more than four minutes when he started pointing out what was wrong with the place, above and beyond the damage caused by the fire. Much to my surprise, he made some good points.
“That fan isn’t vented properly to the outside. And if you’re going to let your bacon burn, the least you should do is to install a tile or stone backsplash to protect the wall.”
“Would that have prevented the fire?” Martha asked naively. Harvey moved in for the kill.
“Lady, the only thing that’s going to prevent a fire in your kitchen is for you to only cook in one room at a time.”
Even as I heard those words, I was cringing. Holy moly. But a moment later, as the pink blush left her face, Martha actually giggled.
“Please don’t say anything to anyone,” she begged Harvey, twirling a strand of hair between her fingers. Was she flirting with the guy? I looked from Martha to Harvey and from Harvey to Martha. Oh, yes. And it was mutual.
“What about, the fact you can’t cook to save your life? Not a problem. It will be our little secret.”
Good Lord, did he really just say that? Was that a wink he tossed in her direction? Hands on hips, pursed lips, and my disapproving glare didn’t even begin to put a dent in Harvey’s enthusiasm for his first job as my handyman. Completely ignoring me, he gave Martha a rundown on what he could do to improve the kitchen. And he ended with a little bonus.
“I’ll put a washer in that leaky faucet. That will stop the drip.”
“I’ve been meaning to call the plumber, but I never seem to get around to it.”
“I’m going to the store anyway, so I’ll pick one up. It’s not a big job. It’ll take me five minutes and the part only costs a couple of bucks. No charge for the labor.”
“Wonderful. Thank you, Harvey. Syd,” Martha turned her attention to me unexpectedly, “I was thinking of changing the paint color in here. What do you think?”
My new handyman excused himself to head to Lowe’s with Henry to buy TSP, bleach, and a cleaner to remove the soot residue and smoky smell from the walls, some drywall, tape, joint compound to repair the damage behind the range, and a stain-covering primer to mask any permanent marks left behind.
I sat down with Martha in her all-pink living room and discussed the plan for her kitchen. We agreed on new window treatments, new paint, and a tile backsplash, and then we tackled materials, options, and the bottom line, her budget.
“How much do you think it would run me for new appliances?”
“It depends on the finish and the features. White, bisque, black, slate, or stainless?”
“White maybe...or bisque...or....”
Undecided, I noted. Never a happy sign for an interior decorator. It usually meant the client would need a lot of hand-holding.
“Forget about the appliances for the moment,” I suggested, knowing that when she found out what the renovations would actually cost her, reality would determine the budget. “Let’s start with the paint color. You need something that works with this pink.”
From her perch on the sofa, Martha took a long look around and sighed. “I don’t know if you know this, but I just turned forty. When my mother was ailing, I came to look after her. Six years later, here I am. She decorated this place, Syd. Some days, I feel like I’m drowning in a big vat of cotton candy.”
“You’re telling me you want a change?”
“I am, but I don’t know if I can afford it after I get the kitchen redone.”
“Are you willing to do some work?”
“What do you mean?”
“I can teach you how to paint these walls yourself. Does that sound fair?”
“More than fair. But how hard is it to paint the walls?”
“Basically, you’re just tracing giant W’s on the wall until the color is solid across the wall surface. This pink color is fairly light, so if you stick with a paint color that has the same intensity, it shouldn’t be a problem. Darker colors, especially red, are a nightmare for beginners. Professionals hate them as well.”
“Why’s that?”
“You want the color to be consistent, and sometimes you have to do several coats to get it. There’s sometimes a lot of streaking if you skimp on the paint. I’ve had clients pick lipstick red and once the color is on, they totally freak out, because it’s just a hair off the hue they wanted. I often advise clients to stay away from wild colors on the walls. It’s easier to change an accent pillow or drapes. In fact, some of my clients keep the walls neutral, just so they can change their accessories twice a year.”
“I never thought of doing that,” Martha confessed. “I always thought once you decorated, that was it.”
“Oh heavens, no! I often move paintings and furniture around and change accessories all the time. It keeps boredom at bay.”
“I wish I’d known that sooner. You have no idea how much I’ve hated these walls!”
“Not a pink girl?”
“I love pink. I wear it all the time. I just don’t want this particular shade everywhere I look!” she laughed.
“All the more reason to choose a wall color wisely and use accessories to provide the punch,” I responded. “For example, look at the colors in the fabric of your sofa.”
Martha groaned, tossing back her head. “Oh, just one more thing I wish I could change!”
“You don’t like this fabric?” I asked, surprised, as I looked down at the design of the casual floral print. There were giant magnolia blossoms, with muted pinks, greens, golds, and even a few touches of blue on the soft linen. “I think it’s charming, and the sofa is in great shape.”
“I’m so tired of pink, Syd!”
“Yes, but there are other colors in this print, and if you used this green....”
“I like that!” she interrupted me enthusiastically. “I can live with a color like that. Kind of sexy, isn’t it?”
“Hold on. I’ll be right back.” I hurried across the complex to my place, let myself in with my key, and climbed the stairs to my loft office. It pays to make friends with the local paint store people, especially when they know you’re going to bring them business. They always encourage me to take samples for prospective clients. Grabbing a handful of possible matches, I quickly flipped through and selected the best choices before I headed back to Martha’s cotton candy cottage. Five minutes later, we were taping the green, blue, and pale gold paint squares to the walls above the sofa, by the front door, and even beside the kitchen window. By the time I left to retrieve Boondoggle for a walk, my very happy client was thrilled with the new pink-free color palette for her home.
Henry was sprawled on the sofa, watching a golf match, when I stepped into the foyer. He gazed up briefly, only to return his attention to the big screen as Mickelson made his putt.
“Be with you in ten, hon. I just want to see them finish this hole.”
“No problem,” I promised, grabbing my laptop and settling down in the leather recliner to do an online search for backsplash tiles. I was determined to find money-saving bargains for Martha. Maybe she couldn’t afford the top-of-the-line choices, but I would track down good substitutes and give her a very similar look.
Henry roused himself after Snedeker finished his round for the day. “How about some fresh air, love of my life?”
“What did you have in mind, handsome husband of mine?” I wanted to know. His hand brushed my cheek and then tugged on my ponytail.
“I’d like to stretch my legs. Let’s take the pooch for a hike.”
Ten minutes later, water bottles in hand, the three of us piled into his Outback and drove to a little gravel lot off of Route 278. There we found the shady trailhead under a green canopy of leaves that gave us cover from the relentless South Carolina sun. Even at this time of year, the humidity often left me feeling soggy. Today, there was a light breeze blowing in off the sea, offering some relief. I was comfortable enough. So was Boondoggle. The little white Maltese trotted happily along the gravel path, sniffing here and there, occasionally lifting his leg. We kept the pace leisurely, moving in companionable silence as we wandered through the wooded preserve.
We were about fifteen minutes into the journey when he dropped the bomb on me. I should have suspected my husband was up to something when he suggested the afternoon hike.
“I need you to give Harvey more work to do for Martha,” he informed me.
“More than just the kitchen?”
“It’s important that he’s there for a couple of weeks, love.”
“But why?”
“It’s hard to say, Syd. Can you trust me on this?”
“Do I have a choice?”
“Not really.”
“You do know that he’s absolutely impertinent to my client, don’t you? The things he said to her bordered on rude.”
“Did she object?” Leave it to Henry to ask something like that.
“No. If anything, she seemed turned on by his brutish ways.”
“Brutish ways?” There was a long pause before he opened his mouth and stuck his foot in it. “You sound like some disgruntled old maid. Or some frustrated heroine in a heaving bosom novel.”
“I beg your pardon!”
 “Are you sure you’re not jealous, Syd?” He gave me a mischievous grin, tilting the brim of his Yankees cap.
“I’m sorry. Did you just ask me if you could sleep in the guest room tonight, Henry?” I shot back.
“Point taken. Back to the subject at hand. Can you keep Harvey busy for the next two weeks?”
“Fine!” I grimaced, imagining what my work day would be like with Bigfoot as my helper. Would I have to throw him a side of beef from time to time to keep him from attacking clients? I continued moving on the trail, even as Boondoggle kept Henry occupied by the foot of a big pine tree. “I’ll drag it out.”
“I don’t mean here and there. I mean steady work for two weeks. I want him to spend his days at Martha’s house.” That caught my interest. Why did it matter to the FBI agent that all the work happened at the condo across the way?
“You want to watch him?” Half-joking, I tossed that over my shoulder as I forged ahead. Oddly enough, there was no reply. I turned to face him.
“Not him, Syd.”
“Certainly not Martha or John,” I replied, thinking that they weren’t worthy of investigation, just because they were having a romantic interlude, or as Henry likes to call it, a lusty rendezvous at the Illicit Inn.
“No. This is a chance to find out if folks are out to set Harvey up, Syd. You’ve hired him, so you’re his boss. I don’t want anyone to know that I’m involved.”
“How will they not?”
“I’m just saying that Sydney Stansfield Interiors will be on the record as his employer. We have a plausible story. You met him through his stepmother and found out he was handy with a hammer. The only way folks will known about me is if they know I’m married to you, and that only happens when they snoop.”
It was true. Ever since I started my own decorating business in Hilton Head, I worked steadily. When I finally decided to go at it full-time on my own, I never made a point of announcing to the world that I was married to an Assistant Special Agent-in-Charge in the Bluffton FBI office. It’s not that I’m not proud of what my husband does. I am. It’s more about the need for secrecy. Henry works “off-the-books” cases -- those complex investigations that sometimes make folks want to throttle him. I can understand the feeling. I’ve had the urge myself from time to time. I forced myself to focus on the situation at hand.
“Only one problem. Martha’s only got the budget for the kitchen.”
“How complicated would it be to stretch it out, Syd?”
“Even if we diddle around with our paint brushes while Martha’s at work, it’s maybe thirty hours of construction, painting, and accessorizing at best.”
“That means we’ll have to pick up the rest of the tab. What does that entail?”
“At least a week’s salary, plus the cost of materials. I could tell Martha that Harvey will help her with the living room, but that’s maybe a couple of hours worth of painting. What if I make that a community service project for Bigfoot? He does it for free to make up for my pain and suffering.” We walked in silence for the next few minutes. Boonie was enjoying his journey through the woods, checking every tree and rock. Henry let him have plenty of leash, while keeping an eye out for gators. Small dogs are a tasty treat, and we were close to the marsh. As I let my mind wander, an idea suddenly occurred to me. Perhaps it was a solution to the problem. “Does it have to be Martha’s house?”
“What do you mean?”
“I was thinking, Henry. I just haven’t had the time to do much with our place yet. It’s still the vanilla palace. What if we had Harvey paint the rooms?”
“Might work,” he decided, stroking his chin. “Basically, I need him around long enough to see who shows up.”
“Great.”
We were coming to the bend, where a thirty-something couple, with a baby in a backpack were consulting their map. We smiled pleasantly, exchanging hellos before going on. As we paused, waiting for Boondoggle to catch up, I happened to gaze at the woman. She was wearing dark wraparound sunglasses, but I thought she was studying me with a little too much interest. The man was busy adjusting the straps on the backpack as the little tyke babbled. He, too, wore shades that obscured his eyes, and I thought he was sneaking peeks at us. I averted my gaze, feigning disinterest, even as my heart seemed to beat a little faster. Were they just innocent hikers, out on a pleasant day, or a couple of sinister stalkers?
“Darling?” Henry stepped suddenly in front of me, blocking my view. “Did you remember to pack the bug spray?”
“Huh?” I had no idea what he was talking about. Why would I pack any? He knew full well that there was a new can of repellent back in the glove compartment of our car. If he thought he was going to be bitten, he could have used it before we left the parking lot. “Why didn’t you....”
Even as I was about to question his odd behavior, he gave me a wink, swatted the back of his neck and grimaced, doing a mosquito two-step as he pretended to wave them away. He knew the couple was observing us. It wasn’t my imagination. They were interested in our movements and that meant that Henry was interested in theirs. He even went so far as to grab the bull by the horns. Sidestepping Boondoggle, he turned to them and spoke.
“Pardon me, any chance you folks have some Off?”

Chapter Seven --

“If looks could kill,” my husband remarked a few minutes later, once we were on our way. He didn’t take the refusal well. “That was not a warm response, was it? You’d think I had stopped their Rolls Royce and asked to borrow their jar of Grey Poupon mustard.”
“You saw that can of bug spray in their backpack?” I asked.
“I did and I took it as an opening. They definitely didn’t want to interact with us any more than they had to, Syd.”
“So, who are they?”
“The bigger questions are who are they working for and why were they following us?”
“And the answer is?”
“I snagged their photo when they weren’t looking. Now, if we can just make it back to the parking lot before they do, we’ll have a chance to get the license plate on their car.”
“I thought you couldn’t investigate someone without some kind of probable cause, Henry.”
“I can’t, Syd, but trust me. These folks are going to give me that very soon.”
“How can you tell?”
“I can smell it in the air. They’re up to no good.”
“But they were here first,” I pointed out. I thought about the logistics of the situation. “We’re the ones who followed them on the trail. Maybe they just thought we were odd.”
“That makes it even more suspicious,” he declared. “There is nothing odd about us.”
Was that true? I reviewed the details, doing the mental mathematics. We came upon them as we hiked, not the other way around. We openly approached them. Maybe they weren’t really interested in us. Maybe they thought we were too interested in them and they were just being naturally cautious under the circumstances. This residual paranoia that seemed to follow me around after the Boyle family antics was beginning to affect my social life, tainting it with dark shadows and sinister suspicions about the most ordinary of actions. I gave myself an imaginary shake of the psyche and pulled myself together. Enough was enough. Not everything was menacing. Sometimes a coincidence was just a coincidence. Maybe the couple had been bickering and thought we were intruding on their private conversation. Case closed.
“I don’t think so,” I replied confidently as I followed him along the trail. We were taking a short-cut through the woods, scurrying to get back to the car. “Wouldn’t they have to know we were coming here in order to beat us to that point on the trail?”
“Yes,” he tossed over his shoulder as he put on some speed. “Are you going to get moving or what?”
“What?” I replied, not really sure what Henry’s point was or what he expected to gain from this wild man sprint. Boondoggle trotted along right beside him, demonstrating his faith in his master. Less confident, I brought up the rear, not really feeling this was a viable plan. After all, it struck me my husband was acting like a paranoid fool, chasing shadows that didn’t exist, even as he insisted I keep up with him.
Another round in the bend, a quick scramble down a rocky section of trail, and we were nearly there. Next thing I knew, Henry thrust the leash at me, and took off like a shot. He didn’t even bother to explain. By the time the dog and I reached the edge of the parking lot, I could see Henry had his fanny in the passenger seat of the Subaru and he was removing the door panel with the screwdriver he kept in the glove compartment. Pulling a corner away, he looked down, shook his head, and fastened it again. Then he jogged back to us.
“Just as I thought, Syd. Funny business. There’s a cell phone tucked into that cavity.”
“A cell phone?” Surely he was mistaken. “Why would anyone hide a cell phone in our car?”
“I’m guessing this is a rogue operation, or at least something that’s not legally authorized. There’s no serial number on it to identify which agency is using it.”
“If it was official equipment, you could read the tag and know who put it there?”
“You’re learning, Syd. Leaving a cell phone doesn’t seem quite as sinister as putting an actual tracking device on the vehicle of an FBI agent, but if they ping it on its journey, they can locate me at all times. They might even be able to use it as a listening device, providing they have the right app for that.”
“Good heavens!” I uttered, feeling completely helpless and shell-shocked. It was reprehensible that something so innocent, so common in everyday life, was now being used as a tool to spy on us. “That’s terrible!”
“All the more reason to identify them, babe. Grab the dog. We’ll go hide and watch the rats show themselves.”
Scooping up the cooperative pooch in my arms, I followed Henry to a grove of shrubbery at the edge of the parking lot. My husband got out his Smartphone and turned on the camera feature as we hunkered down behind a lush wax myrtle bush just in time. Concealed by foliage, I dared to take a closer look, my fingers carefully spreading the leafy cover apart just far enough to get a peek. Man, woman, and child came into sight. The suspicious couple seemed agitated. What had happened?
“Who are they?” I whispered in Henry’s ear. “What do they want?”
“I have no clue.” He snapped several photos in rapid succession as the woman buckled the young infant into a child safety seat in the back of a light blue 2005 Toyota Corolla. Her companion, itching to make his getaway, started the car, and as soon as she climbed into the front passenger seat and shut the door, he reversed the car and took off in a hurry.  “Hmm....”
“Hmm what?” I wondered.
“Parking sticker.” Henry was already reviewing the photos on his Smartphone.
“Beach pass?” Hilton Head residents can purchase one for a fee if they want to use any of the local lots. That would mean he could trace it, especially if he could read the sticker number.
“Nope,” Henry clicked some more photos as the car exited the parking lot, “a Navy base permit.”
“They’re from Charleston?”
“It looks like it. I’ll have to zoom in on the photos when I download them to be sure, but I recognized the logo.”
“You think this has something to do with Harvey’s case?”
“It might. No way of knowing without more information, Syd.”
“What are you going to do about the cell phone, Henry?” I wondered, even as we approached the car.
“Oh, I don’t know. Maybe I should get a new car.”
“Excuse me?” For a moment I thought I had misheard him. Did Henry just say he should get another car? What was wrong with his Outback?
“It’s about time I traded this one in for a new one, don’t you think? And maybe we’ll get you a new one, too, babe.”
“You would get rid of two perfectly good cars because someone stuck a cell phone behind the door panel?” I asked, incredulous. “Why not just get rid of the cell phone?”
“Oh,” he laughed, wrapping an arm around my shoulder and pulling me close for a kiss on my neck, “that’s too easy, Syd. If I get rid of the cell phone in the Outback, they know I’m onto them. If I get rid of the cars, they might just try it again, and with two more cars, I get solid evidence that I’m being spied on.”
He let that all sink in while we left our leaf-covered hiding place and walked across the gravel to the waiting Subaru. Scooping up Boondoggle, he handed the pooch to me and opened the passenger door. I stood there, mouth open, even as he gave me a gentle push. “In you go, love.”
With that, he put his finger to his lips and gave me a wink. I gazed down at the door panel, wondering if this was all just some weird ruse. What if there was another explanation for the cell phone? Maybe Matt was trying to get back at me. After all, my ex-husband had been indicted on federal charges for his money-laundering activities and was currently awaiting trial. This could be payback. The Boyle family had been involved in some pretty unsavory things for the last several decades and several members were involved in Blackie Walsh’s organized crime gang. Had Matt hired another hit man to kill me? The thought was absolutely chilling.
The ride back to Carolina Place was a silent one. By the time Henry turned off Greenwood Drive and onto Shell Ring Lane, I felt like a Popsicle in a walk-in freezer, teeth chattering as I shivered uncontrollably despite the warmth of the afternoon. Poor Boondoggle became quite concerned that the woman holding him was vibrating. He sat up and pawed my shoulder, as if to say, “There, there. It’s not so bad, Syd. It’s just your imagination running wild.”
Pulling into a parking space some fifty feet from the front door, Henry turned off the engine. “Gee, Syd, maybe you’re coming down with something. Look at you, shaking like that. Let’s get you into the house, babe. I hope it’s not heatstroke.”
He got out of the car and came around to help me out, keeping up a running conversation. Taking Boonie in one arm, he extended the other to me. By this time I was almost paralyzed with fear at the thought that another killer could be lurking in the bushes, waiting for a chance to carry out yet another contract hit on me.
“Here we go. Are you feeling faint? Hold onto me. That’s a girl. We’ll warm you up in no time.”
The walk back to the vanilla palace only took two minutes, but by the time we arrived at the front door, Henry had convinced me there might not be a killer after me. That was the good news. The bad news was that it was possible he was the target.
“Syd, if Harvey was the patsy in the scheme to gain access to the communications cable at the naval base, it’s possible that folks already know I’m involved in checking his story.”
“You think they’ll try to...you know...hurt you?”
“Naw, not likely,” he reassured me. “No one’s going to want to take on the FBI on a case like this. It’s one thing to plant an untraceable bug. It’s another to taunt the FBI. Besides, they could just be a couple of NCIS agents, keeping tabs on Harvey. We’ll know soon enough.”
“But how can you be sure this won’t be dangerous?”
“If the spies work for a hostile intelligence service under diplomatic cover, they risk being expelled. They’ll probably lie low for a while, especially if we sit on them, to avoid an international incident. If they’re here on their own and they get caught, they could be sent to jail, Syd. Their bosses won’t help them out of their jam. And if they’re working for one of our federal agencies....”
“How long will it take you to find out the truth?” I just wanted this to be over. Henry must have realized how upset I was, because he put a comforting arm around my waist, gently guiding me up the stairs. By this time, he had inserted the key in the lock and was already stepping back to let me go through the doorway.
“I’ll call Manny and ask him for a couple new cars. What are you in the market for this time around?”
“Do we really have to change cars again?” I grumbled. The thought of giving up my Sonata because some jerk left a cell phone in Henry’s car really frosted my butt. I’m not an FBI agent. Why would anyone care about me?
“We do. I want to offer Charity your car. We’ll let her have it for a song.”
“Wait a cotton-picking minute. You’re going to offer your great-aunt my 2012 Hyundai Sonata for a song? What, you’re suddenly rolling in dough?”
“It’s for my great-auntie,” he reminded me solemnly, giving me a look of disappointment designed to make me feel no better than snake spit. “She’s not exactly a spring chicken, Syd, and I don’t want her endangered by an old jalopy that might conk out and leave her stranded by the side of the road on some stormy night. What if a gator got her?”
Boy, did he know how to pile on the guilt. He was actually pulling both the “great-auntie” and the “gator” card from the deck and laying them on the table together. What a rotten trick.
And yet it worked. I thought about Charity’s 2001 Honda Accord. Did the thirteen-year-old car with the crumpled fender qualify as a piece of junk? Probably. More importantly, could I live with myself if something happened to the elderly Hartman ladies because I didn’t want to part with yet another car? That would be a toughie.
Manny was Henry’s go-to guy for cars up near Fort Bragg. When deployed soldiers needed quick cash for their cars, one call to the master of used car match-ups got the ball rolling. He found buyers for the available vehicles, did all the legal paperwork, paid the owners in cash or with an electronic bank deposit, and everyone was happy to get a decent deal.
Before I had the Hyundai Sonata, I drove a Mini Cooper Manny sent our way. The royal blue box on wheels looked a lot like a clown car, but it allowed me some room for toting furniture and supplies, had “run flat” tires, and quirky personality that grew on me. The Sonata gave me plenty of passenger space, a comfortable ride, and was fun to drive, but there was no cargo room. Every time I had something bigger than a suitcase to pick up at Home Depot, I had to borrow Henry’s Outback. Maybe this time around, I could get something more practical, the best of both worlds.
“Sure. Why not?” I shrugged.
“Fantastic.” He gave me an enthusiastic grin that spoke volumes. How many birds did he kill with this stone? I counted three. No longer would he have to worry so much about the Hartman ladies on their trips around town in Charity’s old bucket of rusty bolts. He gave himself a legitimate excuse for dumping a couple of good cars to get rid of unwanted cell phones hiding in the door panels by offering one of the vehicles to his great-aunt. He also now had an opportunity to trap spies when they moved to replace those makeshift surveillance devices.
We watched an hour of “Top Gear”, cuddling on the sofa while the celebrity driver of the day, an aging actor with moxie, did a few laps around the Surrey track in the reasonably priced car, a Vauxhall Astra, and the boys hit the road on one of their wacky motoring pilgrimages. During a commercial, I noticed Henry was staring at the ceiling.
“Harvey’s going to need some scaffolding to paint this room,” he decided. As my gaze followed his upwards, I realized his announcement wasn’t for my benefit. He was setting the stage for the potential snoopers who might be listening to our conversations. Think, Syd. What does he want you to say?
“Scaffolding,” I repeated numbly, trying to think of something clever, but my mind went blank. Every general contractor dreads scaffolding for many reasons. It usually has to be rented to accommodate the specific job and requires repeated moving of its bulky structure as the painter makes his way around the room, which risks damage to the homeowner’s property. That was a major liability issue. I wanted to see what Harvey could do on the ground before we put him up on that scaffolding. What if he took a tumble and broke his neck? Who was going to cover Harvey on this job, Sydney Stansfield Interiors? Ouch! “That’s a big project, honey. You sure you want to change the paint color in here?”
“Don’t you?”
“Well, sure, but I thought we’d start small and work our way through the condo. I planned to tackle this room last.”
“Why not do it all in one fell swoop? We’ve waited months to decorate this place. Let’s get it all done now, Syd. No more dragging our feet. What do you say?”
“Er, ah....” Time for me to think fast. What would make Henry happy while keeping me from losing my shirt?

Chapter Eight --

If we were going to turn this place into an FBI trap for spies, we might as well do it right. Henry wanted me to keep Harvey busy, so the snoopers would snoop. I had a couple of other projects in mind for my new handyman.
“Could we change the flooring in the bathrooms and update the sink vanities? We could save money on the plumber if we did them all at the same time. Of course, that would mean that none of the toilets would be functional until they were reinstalled, and that would be a problem for us.” I let my voice trail off.
“In that case, maybe we should move out while we’re doing the renovations.”
“Move out? Where would we go?”
“I’ll ask Faith if her rental unit is available. We’ll just stay over there for a few weeks, until this place is ready.”
“That’s a good idea,” I told him enthusiastically. My reward was a big grin. I took advantage of Henry’s cheerful mood and made a suggestion. “Shall we grab a pizza for dinner?”
“I have a better idea. Let’s go to the Skull Creek Boathouse for some broiled scallops. I’ll even buy you a traditional Margarita.”
“Tequila? Ay, Chihuahua!”
“Nothing but the best for you, babe.”
“Yum! I’ll need to get cleaned up. This morning’s fire threw me off my routine.”
“No problem,” he decided, settling himself back on the sofa. “It’s almost five now. We should probably leave by six. Otherwise, it’s likely to be a long wait in line when we get there.”
Under a steady stream of hot water, I showered, trying to shake off the tensions of the last few days. Between meeting Harvey at Lidia’s yard sale, the fire at Martha’s condo, and the crazy cell phone thing in the Subaru, my life seemed absurdly surreal.
But was it any more surreal than what I had already survived, thanks to my ex-husband? I found out the hard way just how ruthless Boyle family and their mob friends were when they made me their party piñata. If it hadn’t been for Henry, I probably would have ended up dead in a ditch at the side of some lonely highway on a cold, dark winter’s night.
As for the FBI agent I married, at least I knew I could trust his family, even though none of them were related by blood. Their bond went much, much deeper and none of them had ever tried to kill me. The Hartman ladies had outwitted the bad guys on more than one occasion.
“Well,” I said out loud to myself as the water poured down over my bare skin, “at least I can’t complain that life is boring with Henry.”
“How right you are!” replied a voice a mere two feet away from me, on the other side of the shower curtain. I jumped, startled by the sudden, unexpected sound of conversation. For a fleeting moment, I forgot who I was married to now as my brain scrambled to identify the unseen man behind all that nylon fabric. My thoughts flashed back to the gator-infested swamp and I went weak at the knees. Matt had hired a hit man to murder me, and when the contract killer failed to complete the contract, my ex-husband decided to do the dirty deed himself. And when that didn’t work out, another hit man showed up to take his turn at whacking me. It was Henry on the other side, wasn’t it?
“Geez!” Feeling all too vulnerable as I stood there naked, I wondered if the paramedics would have to give my heart a quick zap to restart it.
“Geez what?” Henry asked.
“Is that you?” I replied lamely.
“Who else would it be?”
This had been a tough year for Sydney Stansfield Hartman. Too many unpleasant surprises. Too many unexpected visitors who carried weapons. Maybe I was more freaked out by Bigfoot’s antics than I realized. Or was it because of the spy case? Get a grip on yourself, Syd. Take a deep breath and remember that you’re with Henry now. This is your home. There’s no reason to think you’re not safe.
Or was there? I hadn’t made up my mind about that yet. The idea of someone listening to our private conversations gave me the willies. What if it was more than just listening? What if the snoopers were also watching us? My imagination got busy working overtime, as I pictured some guy dressed in black in an obscure, windowless room, staring at his computer screen as he watched me live my life.
Maybe it’s not the knowing that bothers me most; it’s the not knowing. I learned from the Boyles that secrets can be dangerous. My life could be in peril at this very moment in time and I might not know it until that last breath. Harvey wasn’t the only one with trust issues. Here’s Sydney, on her exotic Egyptian vacation, swimming in De Nile, this time with the crocodiles.
“Honey, I live here. Remember?” Henry’s tone was jovial and I knew he had no idea just how deep that terror went in me, or how hard I fought to control it. For him, bad guys were bad guys, and you didn’t lose any sleep over shutting them down. But then, he carried a gun and had people to back him up. Me? I sometimes felt as vulnerable as a worm on a hook, dangling in the water, exposed to every hungry fish in the sea. Or would that be every gator in the lagoon? How I longed to crawl into some tiny crevice on the shore and feel safe, even just for a little while.
It must be that cell phone thing. It’s brought back all my fears, triggering this panic attack. What if someone still wants me dead and it’s got nothing to do with spies and everything to do with organized crime? What if Henry doesn’t see it for what it is? How can I stay safe unless I know for sure?
Having been single for so long, and with an ex-husband who was rarely home, mostly because it turned out he was busy committing crimes, I had yet to adjust to my new life as an FBI wife. Henry’s propensity for turning up unexpectedly at any given moment in time still made me jittery.
“Can you please give me a little warning next time you enter the bathroom?” I asked, still clutching the soap in my trembling fingers. “You scared the bejesus out of me!”
“Shall I whistle a happy tune as I approach?” he offered. “Will that help?”
“Yes, anything! What are you doing in here anyway?”
“I thought I’d shave before we go out. I don’t want milady complaining of beard burn later this evening, when I let my amorous passion loose.”
“Oh, is that the plan?” I popped my head out briefly from behind the curtain. Henry’s upper lip and chin were covered in white, foamy lather, as he held his razor in his right hand. He looked like a dashing Musketeer wannabe. I went back to what I was doing, rinsing out the conditioner from my hair. My husband just continued on.
“Certainly. I plan to indulge in a few oysters and then....”
“Hand me my towel, please,” I interrupted his running conversation, turning off the faucet and pulling back the curtain. He obliged, holding it out to me like a cloak and wrapping it around me, along with those eager octopus-like arms. I felt myself held fast in his embrace, and just as he was about to plant a passionate kiss on my lips, I stopped him.
“Shave first,” I insisted. I ran a finger across his cream-covered chin and held it up as a reminder, before I dabbed the residue on the end of his nose.
“My pleasure.”
I threw on a colorful purple cotton shift I picked up a few weeks earlier at a Fresh Produce sale, added a pair of strappy tan sandals, and changed my gold button earrings for a pair of amethyst studs. As I glanced in the mirror, checking out my reflection, I took inventory of my inner self as well. The time spent under the flow of the hot water seemed to have done me some good. I realized that I wasn’t as apprehensive now that I had begun to sort out my emotions. Henry is a seasoned investigator, I reminded myself. The FBI agent’s feathers didn’t seem ruffled by the snooping, nor was he taking it personally. Didn’t that count for something? Maybe I was making too big a deal out of this cell phone problem. I should learn to go with the flow and play it by ear. After all, if Henry wasn’t fretting about it, why should I?
Boondoggle was curled up on the bed, watching me. He had no idea he would be spending much of the evening by his lonesome. Normally, if the Hartman ladies were unavailable, as they were this evening, we just left him loose in the house when we went out, but for some reason, I felt a pang of anxiety hit me. If strangers were coming and going in our home, wouldn’t it be best to put him out of harm’s way? That way, I wouldn’t have to worry about him being injured if we had intruders, would I? I always crated him on a construction site, to protect him from nails, staples, and the occasional splinter. Was this any different?
“Almost ready?” Henry asked, coming into the bedroom as he tucked his golf shirt into his chinos before buckling his brown leather belt.
“I am,” I agreed. I did a quick twist of my hair and twirled it into a bun, which I fastened to the back of my head. I used a little liner and eye shadow on my lids, added a few swipes of mascara to my lashes, patted some blush on my cheekbones, and finished with a coat of pink lip gloss. And when I was done, I called to Boondoggle.
“Come on, buddy. Come with me.”
“You’re putting him in the crate?” There was surprise in Henry’s voice. “But, Syd, is that really....”
“I think it best,” I replied, fixing my gaze on him with such intensity that he almost recoiled. But then he got that “ah ha” look on his face, and I knew he recognized my concern for the little Maltese terrier. “I don’t want him to trample on my project.”
“Right,” he agreed, catching on. “Your project...I forgot about that.”
I put the pooch into his wire-sided crate, with the cushy memory foam mattress, and slipped a couple of doggie treats into the attached dish before shutting and securing the door. It was hardly dog purgatory. I had made a tent-like cover to go on the top and over three of the sides, leading Henry to call it Boonie’s sleep shack. The pooch still could see into the room, while he relaxed in his canine cabana and took another of his many daily naps.
Once I had Boonie settled, I headed out to the living room, where I grabbed my tote bag filled with design notes for three different clients. I quickly spread them out on the coffee table and placed some fabric samples on the sofa. Henry reached down and added a few flourishing touches. He pulled out my color wheel, a couple of issues of Architectural Digest, and a spiral notebook. Satisfied that my explanation of crating the dog now seemed plausible for snoopers, I picked up my purse and cotton cardigan.
“Shall we?” Henry had the Sonata keys in his hand, along with a screwdriver from the kitchen drawer. He fluttered his eyebrows a few times to let me in on the joke. “Let’s take your car, babe.”
A few moments later, we were settled in the front seats of the sporty sedan. The moment I started the engine, Henry turned on the radio and found a rather annoying tune, which he cranked up to cover the noise as he removed the door panel. Sure enough, there was another cell phone inside the compartment of this Hartman car. As soon as he confirmed that detail, the screws were replaced and tightened. Once he gave me the thumbs up, I backed out of the parking space and we headed towards Route 278. Wouldn’t you know that he left that cacophony of joyless noise blaring? I reached over and turned it down.
“Do you mind?” I inquired. “I’m trying not to rot my brain.”
“You don’t like it, babe?”
“Not particularly. It’s not like it has a good beat. It sounds like some doped-up maniac taking out his frustrations on a trash can.”
“I always wanted to be a drummer in a band. Alas, it was never to be. I would have made a great rock star, though. I certainly have the hair for it.” He passed a hand through his golden-tinged locks and preened. “Prudence wanted me to try out for the lead role in Pirates of Penzance one year, when she was doing summer stock.”
He sang a few bars, to demonstrate his prowess with Gilbert and Sullivan. Truth was Henry had a wonderful baritone, and on those rare occasions when he crooned forties standards in my ear, I lost all good sense.
“Why didn’t you?”
“I was dating a girl who didn’t want me kissing the leading lady every night on stage.”
“So, you passed up the chance to become the next Sir Laurence Olivier because your hormones were raging?”
“Better a bird in the hand than two in the bush....” Those delectable lips curled into a mischievous smile. “Junie had a very jealous side and really didn’t appreciate all the other girls making passes at me.”
“Ah, you were just a boy toy.”
“I was. Probably just as well that I didn’t have a career in music. I’d have never had a minute’s peace with all those horny females constantly chasing me down day in and day out.”
“Yes, I can see how that might have become tiresome for you.”
The parking lot at the Skull Creek Boathouse was nearly filled when we arrived. People were coming and going as we crossed it on the journey to the busy restaurant. We made our way to the hostess station. As she jotted down ‘Hartman’ on the waiting list, I could see there were at least ten other names ahead of us. We passed the time at the outdoor Buoy Bar.
“Now this is a view,” Henry sighed as we watched the sun slip below the horizon.
“Lovely,” I agreed. That citrusy Margarita hit the spot as it slid down my throat. I found myself relaxing a bit as I sat beside Henry, our fingers entwined. After such a crazy day, I relished the sense of sanctuary amid the crowd of bayside diners.
By the time we were led to a booth inside the restaurant, we were ravenous. Henry ordered Oysters Rockefeller, which we shared, and once that was gone, we feasted on salad, sea scallops, red rice, and vegetables.
“You’ve got to admit, Syd, nobody does rice like a southern cook.”
“Mmm....” I agreed, savoring the last forkful from my plate.
“How about some dessert?”
“Why not?”
We lingered over coffee and blackberry cheesecake. For some reason, Henry repeatedly checked his phone, even as he held it discreetly in his lap. I assumed he was keeping tabs on an FBI case, waiting for his agents to update him, but when he took my hand, clutched it tightly in his, and slid the phone over the table, I knew there was trouble. He kept his voice steady.
“Look at the video I just got, Syd.”
My eyes tried to focus on the tiny glass screen. I could see a man and a woman in a room, moving around, lifting up sofa cushions and scattering papers. Why did that sofa look familiar? I uttered a gasp. I was looking at a live video feed from our condo.

Chapter Nine --

“Why don’t we pay the tab and head home?” he suggested smoothly, looking like a man without a care in the world. How could he be so calm when two people were ravaging our home? It was maddening. I felt my pulse racing, as I struggled to stay steady. Who were they? What did they want? I was glad I’d had the good sense to protect Boondoggle. He was still safe, wasn’t he?
“I’ll drive,” he announced as we exited the restaurant and crossed the parking lot. He didn’t seem to be in any rush. Shouldn’t he be calling for backup? The Beaufort County Sheriff’s Department could surely get there ahead of us. This was a golden opportunity to catch the bad guys. Why wasn’t Henry jumping on it?
“Relax, Syd,” he whispered, sweeping me up in his arms ten feet from the car and twirling me around. “We’re supposed to be having a romantic night, babe. Act like you’re crazy about me, in case we’re under surveillance. We’ll watch the rest of the video when we get home.”
The chills came back and my teeth started clacking together again. Henry took a step back.
 “Syd, what’s going on?”
“Is it ever going to be over?” I sobbed. “Am I ever going to be safe?”
“Babe, this isn’t about you!” he insisted, even as he hugged me.
“But...but how do...do you know that?” I sputtered, my lips brushing his chest. “What if people have...have been breaking in to our...home all this...t-t-time and we just d-d-didn’t know it?”
“Oh, believe me. I’d have known it.”
“How? Matt’s family has connections!”
“Are you kidding? Our house has the best security system in the world. It’s like the Fort Knox of home security. Do you really think I would risk your safety? Heavens, babe, there’s no way the Boyles are ever going to get near you again. Besides, they stand to lose too much by bothering you.”
“Like what?”
“The Boyles can’t afford to mess with you, babe, because if they do, the FBI will be very motivated to put them away for life.”
“Seriously?”
“Seriously.” He kissed the top of my head. “Feel better?”
“Not really. It gives me the creeps to think that people are listening to us,” I admitted. “Every time we...you know....”
“If that’s bothering you, Syd, we can just pipe in some music.”
“But then they’ll know every time we....”
“Which would you prefer, sharing the real sound effects or the cover for the sound effects? Besides, when we get home and find out what they’ve done, I can take counter-measures, Syd. I’ll get creative, so they only get what we want them to get. And as soon as we identify them....”
“You’ll arrest them?”
“Not necessarily, babe. It depends on who they are.”
“Meaning?”
He took my hands in his and we stood together, my forehead on his chin. Why is life never as simple as it should be?
“If there’s a national security interest, babe, that takes priority. But I promise I’ll do everything in my power to keep you out of it.”
“And Boondoggle.”
“And Boondoggle,” he agreed, as he steered me to the passenger side of the Sonata. Opening the door, he waited until I climbed in and then carefully closed it before he got behind the wheel.
Twenty minutes later, we were sitting in the car in the condo parking lot, watching the lights turn on and off in the vanilla palace as intruders moved through our home, going room by room.
“You have got to be freaking kidding me!” I sighed with dismay.
“Syd, I want you to go stay with Faith and Sammy.”
“You’re going in there alone?”
“I have to, babe. No way am I going to let these idiots turn my life upside down. Or ruin my career!”
“But....”
“Go,” he insisted. “I’ll be fine. And I’ll catch up to you.”
Even as he slipped out of the car and disappeared into the shadows, I was already on the path to his aunt’s front door. Stumbling up the steps, I grabbed the door handle and pushed the buzzer relentlessly. A moment later, Sammy’s confused face appeared. “Sydney, what’s wrong?”
“There are people in our house! We were out to dinner and saw lights on in our place when we got back,” I explained. “Henry’s gone in to get them. He told me to wait here.”
Faith, dressed in a red satin robe, joined us in the foyer. She immediately started grilling me, wanting the details.
“I honestly don’t know who they are or what they want,” I admitted. The conversation was halted in mid-sentence when we heard the sound of sirens. 
“Do you think Henry called the cops?” Faith inquired.
“That would be the intelligent thing to do,” the retired judge replied, as we rushed into the foyer. Sam got there first and threw open the door. I spotted blue lights pulsing like frantic fireflies against the black night sky.
“Yes, they’re coming this way!” I cried, pointing as the fleet of sedans and SUVs screeched to a halt in the Carolina Place parking lot.
The three of us started down the sidewalk, but Sammy stopped Faith on the third step down. “You might want to get dressed, lover. It may be a long evening.”
“Drat! You’re right.” She turned on her heel and returned to the house, even as Sammy urged me to hurry.
The patrol cars were empty by the time we reached the vanilla palace. We hurried up the front steps in time to see a pair of deputies lead two handcuffed suspects down the loft stairs and into the living room, where the law enforcement team was gathered in a tight scrum. I recognized the couple. Where was Henry? I started to cross into the living room, but a short woman in a beige uniform put up a hand to halt me.
“Sorry. We’re trying to get this sorted out. Could you please wait in the other room?”
“Come on, Syd.” Sam led me away, even as I tried to protest. “Let the Sheriff’s Department do its job.”
“Who are they?” Faith demanded answers about the handcuffed suspects a few moments later, as she arrived, breathless, in shorts and a tee shirt, boat shoes on her feet. She joined her husband and me in the narrow kitchen, where we observed the action as we stood at the counter.
“We saw them earlier in the day, when we were out hiking,” I told her.
“They don’t look like your typical robbers,” the retired judge decided. I took him at his word, given his decades of experience on the bench. If anyone knew what a typical robber looked like, it was Sammy.
“Maybe they’re meth addicts,” his wife suggested. “They could have been looking for valuables to steal, something they could sell.”
“Anything’s possible,” he agreed. He started to say something else, but stopped when he noticed the young man staring at me. “No, Syd. This looks personal.”
“Personal? How can it be personal? We don’t even know these people.”
We watched as the scowling male suspect was lead through the foyer, down the steps, and put in the back of one of the patrol cars, accompanied by Henry and Aaron Feltner, the ranking deputy from the Shelter Cove station. For a brief moment, the intruder turned his gaze in the FBI agent’s direction, and the venomous rage was palpable. There was no mistaking the fact that he hated my husband even more than me. I just didn’t know why.
The young woman, her dark hair contrasting with her pale, pale skin, seemed defeated as she waited for the uniformed officer to settle her in a separate patrol car a moment later. Tears streamed down her face.
“My baby,” she sobbed. It was a miserable sound. “What’s going to happen to my baby?”
Good heavens, Syd. These two idiots are parents. Someone should inform the babysitter they won’t be back any time soon.
“Where is your baby?” I asked, pulling out my cell phone, ready to make the call.
“In the car. Oh, please,” she begged me. “Don’t let them put my baby in foster care! I’m a good mother! I only did it to save her!”
I followed her gaze to the light blue Corolla now parked some twenty yards away, and suddenly I was moving. Faith and Sam joined me. As we pressed our noses against the glass, we could see a little figure slumbering in the darkness of the back seat.
“Are they mad?” Faith declared, horrified. “They left a baby in there alone!”
“She’s sleeping,” Sammy pointed out, “and safely buckled in. The windows are cracked to allow for air flow.”
“But the door is locked,” I announced as I yanked at the handle, “and I can’t get my arm through the opening.”
It was true. I could only snake my hand through the narrow crack between car door and window, leaving me several inches short of grabbing the door handle.
“That’s reckless endangerment!” was the former prosecutor’s response. “Look at that poor, little thing!”
By the time I returned to the distraught mother, she was a blubbering mess and the deputies were trying to calm her down without much success.
“I need the key,” I informed her. “That car door is locked.” 
“John has it,” she wailed, even as we watched the patrol car with her accomplice disappear from sight.
“Call them back!” I instructed the closest deputy, even as I hurried to explain. He held up his hand, appealing for calm.
“No need. I’ve got a tool for that.” Sure enough, he did. He slipped it into the narrow opening of the window and a moment later, he popped the lock, rested his gadget on the roof of the Corolla, and opened the door. He bent over and quickly unstrapped the sleepy baby from the car seat, extracting that tiny bundle with considerable care.
“Baby’s fine,” the deputy decided, turning back to us, his arms now full of cooing child. 
“How can you tell?” I asked.
“I’ve got three kids. Believe me, when there’s something wrong, you hear about it.” He plopped the wriggling infant into my arms. “No worse for the wear. Maybe now we’ll get the mother to calm down.”
“Let’s get the baby’s things out of the car,” Sammy said to his wife. I left them to it, following the deputy back to the law enforcement huddle.
“We’ll have to call Child Protective Services,” Aaron announced. “It might take them a while to come pick up the child, and then they’ll have to find a foster family. Think you can take care of the child until we get the ball rolling, Syd?”
“Please,” the mother pleaded. “Please don’t put my child in foster care! She’s a good baby! I know I shouldn’t have done what I did, but they made me do it!”
Henry stepped up to her, a determined look on his face. I knew he was doing the mental calculations as he chose his words.
“These deputies are going to take you down to the station now and book you on charges of breaking and entering. By the time I get down there, I want you to make a decision. Are you going to go to jail and give up custody of your baby, or are you going to cooperate with the FBI and tell the truth about the spying? Have an answer ready for me when I get there.” With that, he pivoted all six feet of his lanky self, beckoned to Aaron, and they stepped away to confer.
“Please!” she cried again, this time in my direction. “Take care of Sonia!”
I thought about our earlier encounter in the woods. I didn’t doubt the mother’s love for her child. Her despair rang true. What if Child Protective Services removed Sonia from her parents and she was forever lost in the system? That would be a tragedy. With a shrug, I resigned myself to the inevitable. What else could I do?
“We’ll look after her for a few days,” I promised, even as Henry returned.
“Okay, Syd.” My husband put his hand on my back. “Let’s not drag this out. Take the baby into the house, please.”
Henry gave me a gentle push in the direction of the vanilla palace, breaking the mother’s emotional spell on me. I got as far as the front steps before I heard my name being called.
 “Sydney!” Charity hollered as she and Prudence, dressed in their bedclothes, hurried down the path. “What in heaven’s name is going on?”
I turned to find the proverbial circus had apparently arrived in town, unbeknownst to me. Curious neighbors were heading towards the pretty blue lights in droves, inevitably hoping to catch the second show of the day. I shielded the child from view as I scurried up the walkway. No reason our neighbors needed to be involved in a custody matter.
“Nothing to worry about, folks. The Sheriff’s Department has got everything under control here. You can go ahead and go home.” Norm Devaliers shooed the neighbors away, even as I slipped past him, with the Hartman ladies on my heels. His beefy arms were crossed as he stood guard at the bottom of the steps, a big bear of a man in uniform. Nobody was getting past him any time soon.
“A baby!” The Hartman ladies were enraptured by the tiny bundle I placed on the sofa. Prudence declared Sonia a pretty child, even as the baby rubbed her eyes and whimpered.
“She’s probably in need of a diaper change,” she suggested. Diapers...let’s hope the robbers packed some.
“Here we go.” Sam produced a blue tote bag he had retrieved from the car. “Why don’t we take her into your bedroom, Syd?”
The experienced father and grandfather coached me every step of the way as we spread out a towel on the bed and checked Sonia’s tiny paper panties for telltale signs that it was time to change them. Sure enough, it was.
“This is how I used to do it with my kids,” he informed me, as he demonstrated his technique. A quick couple of swipes with a wet wipe later, little Sonia was soon sporting a fresh diaper and cooing contentedly to the cheerful man who hummed nursery songs.
“And that’s all there is to it,” he smiled.
“Funny,” I sighed, as I took that little baby hand in mine. “Henry and I have talked about having children, but it never really occurred to me that we needed lessons in taking care of one.”
“Not to worry, Sydney. You’ll get the hang of it. Most of it is common sense. Babies cry because they’re wet, hungry, scared, or mad. They’re really fairly primitive in their emotional development. Don’t over-think it. Look around you and see what’s going on through the baby’s perspective. Change the diaper, fill the bottle, spoon food into the mouth, and when all else fails, distract the fussy baby with movement.”
“Is it really that simple?”
“Actually, yes. But it’s also ongoing, twenty-four hours a day. That’s the thing about babies. They’re so helpless, they need constant attention.”
“I’ll try to remember that,” I laughed. Sonia put her little hand to my mouth and pulled at my lips. “That reminds me. What do I feed her?”

Chapter Ten --

“Henry can ask the mother.” Sammy smiled. “Have her write a list of things you need to know about the baby’s schedule, habits, and even any medical issues. Find out the name of the pediatrician and when the baby’s next appointment is. You don’t want to miss that.”
“So much to think about, isn’t it?”
Henry arranged for one of the deputies to drive the car to Shelter Cove, where it would be picked up by an FBI agent for safekeeping. By eleven, he and the rest of the law enforcement contingent had departed, but I was not alone. I was surrounded by two enthusiastic granny wannabes, a skeptical attorney, and a judge with a knack for burping the baby. 
“These children are not disposable. What were those parents thinking?” Faith wanted to know. 
“That’s what we’re waiting to find out,” I assured her. “We don’t even know why they broke in here or what they were hoping to accomplish.”
“Well, foolish is as foolish does! Imagine putting this little baby at risk. It’s deplorable. I have a good mind to petition the court to appoint me as the child’s Guardian ad Litem.”
“Splendid idea,” Sam concurred. “The baby needs an advocate to protect her interests.”
“Yes, it is,” I agreed. “I’ll leave that to you lawyers to implement. Since Sonia is staying with us, I’ll need help with the practical matter of caring for an infant.”
“Don’t you worry about a thing, Syd. We’ve got your back,” Prudence encouraged me.
“Indeed we do,” her roommate agreed. “You call us any time, day or night.”
 “Was there a bottle in that tote bag?” Henry’s grandmother wanted to know, “and some formula? You can’t give cow’s milk to a baby.”
The Hartman ladies, old hands at the infant game, got busy and as I watched them organize, I thought about the years they had spent helping to raise Henry. They were clearly in their element once again.
When the clock struck one, Prudence and Charity rose to find their way home, accompanied by Faith and Sammy. With Sonia dozing in my arms, I saw them all to the door and wished them good night.
“Thanks for everything.”
“Our pleasure,” Charity replied. She leaned in and kissed the baby’s cheek. “Sweet dreams, little one.”
“Call us if you need anything,” Sam told me, “anything at all.”
“I will,” I promised, just before shutting the door. I took the baby back to the living room and settled myself on the sofa with her. The house seemed so quiet, now that the others had left. How long before Henry returned? Sonia yawned and stuck her thumb into her mouth, resting her head on my shoulder. “I think it’s bedtime for both of us, kiddo.”
My next task was to figure out what I was going to do with this unexpected overnight guest. I couldn’t very well leave Sonia unattended while I slept, and I certainly didn’t have a playpen or crib handy, so it was a matter of finding an acceptable substitute. I could probably use a dresser drawer, but what if she was a crawler? What I really needed was a box with tall sides. The answer was right in front of me, literally.
“Ah, the storage ottoman would work nicely!” I decided. That’s the thing about being an interior decorator. I’m handy with tools. I had built this one myself from scratch. Made of plywood, covered in upholstery padding and fabric, with casters on the bottom, it could serve as a temporary baby bed. What could I use for a mattress? A quilt from the guest room, folded it into neat square, would work. Grabbing my tool kit, I got busy removing the hinged lid from the box on wheels and scooted it into the master bedroom. 
Boonie followed me from room to room as I went about my business. He seemed confused about the new addition to the household. I couldn’t really blame him. I was feeling that way myself.
“Not to worry, buddy. She’s just passing through,” I promised him. “She’ll be here a week, tops.”
When I was dressed for bed and my teeth were brushed, I returned to the living room for the sleeping Sonia. Her eyelids fluttered as I lifted her up.
“Here we go, little girl,” I said softly, trying hard not to awaken her. I carried Sonia into the master bedroom and gently laid her down on the folded quilt inside the makeshift crib. What could I use for a blanket? I didn’t want to smother the child with something too big, nor did I want to leave her exposed by something too small. It also had to be soft. “A microfiber beach towel might work.”
Grabbing a turquoise one from the hall closet, I opened it up, spread it over the sleeping baby, and tucked it around her. Content that she was nestled in for the night, I padded across the room and flicked on the bathroom light, pulling the door almost shut. A soft glow escaped through the narrow gap and fell across the bedroom floor, allowing me to see the sleeping child beside me. There was no telling when Henry would return, and I didn’t want him to stumble over the baby in the box.
“And now it’s time to hit the hay,” I announced to the anxious fur ball as he stepped on my foot yet again while I was pulling the covers back. Boonie bounded up onto the bed and proceeded to fluff up Henry’s pile of pillows, circling three times before he sunk himself down on top of all that thick, downy comfort. Crawling between the sheets, I reached over and set the alarm on the bedside clock. “Let’s hope tomorrow is a better day. It sure can’t get any worse, can it?”
As it turned out, Henry crawled home just after three, bleary-eyed, but satisfied. He greeted me with a kiss on the head as he climbed in next to me, wrapping his wiry limbs around my exhausted body. Boonie took that as his cue and hopped away to the bench at the end of the bed, where he curled up beside the box with the sleeping baby.
“See you in the morning,” the exhausted FBI agent muttered as he drifted off. He didn’t even bother to wait for a reply.
Now conscious, restless even, I lay awake, thinking how much everything had changed since I married Henry. My dull, predictable life had been transformed into something unrecognizable. I never really knew what would happen from one moment to the next. In the blink of an eye, circumstances changed and I was expected to adapt instantly, with no time to think or even take a breath. Take this Sunny situation. I started the week as a woman with a business to run and I ended it as “Mommy”, changing diapers, mixing formula, and figuring out my babysitter schedule, even as I juggled being “Boss Lady” to a handyman I didn’t even want to hire. What happened? How did it happen? Why did it happen?
A year ago, I was a single woman in my cozy condo back at Vauxhall Gardens, where Henry maintained his own bachelor’s pad. I drove my beloved Mazda Miata and had a good decorating business that paid the mortgage. He and I worked together on FBI cases whenever he needed someone to fill in on surveillances. I got used to being the extra pair of legs in a staged crowd or set of eyes on a scene, the woman in the red hat or the blue jacket, and frankly, the extra income came in handy. We hadn’t even dated, let alone kissed, although that never stopped Henry from trying to rope me into a relationship. “Marry me, Syd!” was a phrase I heard more times than I could count over the years. I was so naive, so unaware. I had no idea that I originally popped up on his radar because my ex-husband, Matt, was involved in money-laundering for organized crime. I put that creep through dental school and he put me through the wringer. I only found out about it when Henry hustled me up to Bethlehem, New Hampshire, to spend Christmas with the Hartman ladies. The Boyles were out to kill me and they made their way to the Inverness Lodge. By the time our crazy holiday was over, I was Mrs. Henry Hartman and the wild ride had only gotten wilder.
And here I was, ten months later, living in Hilton Head with the Hartman ladies just down the lane and a husband who kept me on my toes. No more sleeping alone. Those days were long gone. I had a snoring man, a snoozing dog, and a slumbering baby all within arm’s reach. Is this what it’s like to have a kid? Everyone crowds into Mom and Dad’s room every night? If so, we’re going to need a bigger bed.
I awoke to the sound of frantic yapping, and even as my still-sleeping brain tried to fight its way through the mental fog, my body struggled to get out from under the covers. I knew there was something I should remember, something important, but I was just too confused to think straight. Was that a baby crying? Baby. Think Syd. Sonia!
“I’m on it, Boonie. Relax!” I heard Henry say as I shook myself fully awake. My feet hit the floor in panic mode, but there was no need. I watched him lift Sunny out of her makeshift crib, even as she protested at the top of her lungs. “Rise and shine, mama. The baby’s hungry.”
“Oh, crap. What are we going to feed her?”
“I stopped at the all-night market on my way home. Dilly gave me a list.”
“Dilly?”
“Sunny’s mother. She rolled over on her husband. Guess what.” He posed the challenge to me over the din of the ear-splitting screams of one very determined little infant.
“What?”
“John was one of the guys on Harvey’s maintenance team.”
“He’s a Navy man?”
“He is. What’s more, he was sent in to set Harvey up for the fall. It was his job to make the guy look guilty.”
“What does that mean for Harvey? He’s free and clear?”
“Not exactly. I’ll explain later. Right now, let’s get this kid changed and fed. We’ve got a lot to do today.”
Half an hour later, we were sitting at the table, enjoying muffins, yogurt, and melon, when the doorbell rang. I got up to answer the call. It was the Hartman ladies, so I invited them in.
“How is she? Did she sleep through the night okay?” Charity wanted to know.
“Have you fed her yet?” There was a worried look on Prudence’s face as she scooted past me and into the kitchen. Little Sonia was sitting in the car seat on the table top, being fed by the undaunted FBI agent. Boonie waited patiently below, for any splatters to land in his territory. “What are you giving her?”
“Tag, you’re it.” Henry handed his grandmother the jar of applesauce and a tiny spoon, and as she sat down beside the chirping infant, his cell phone rang.
“Isn’t this fun?” The elderly granny shoveled a spoonful into the waiting mouth. “Yes, it is!”
“It sure is,” he grinned. He excused himself to take the call. I made tea for Prudence and poured a cup of coffee for Charity.
“Nothing like a baby to make a house feel like a home,” said the doting great-aunt.
“It’s easier when the kid’s not crying,” I pointed out.
“Relax, dearie. You’ll do fine,” Prudence assured me. “You’ll be a great mother someday. In the meantime, I think little Sonia could use a bath.”
“Shall I take care of that, Sydney?” Charity suggested, as Prudence wiped up the excess applesauce from the baby’s chin and removed the bib. “I’ve got plenty of experience.”
“Yes, please. Maybe I’ll watch you, so I’ll know how to do it.”
“You just have to remember that a baby has very delicate skin. You can’t use regular soap. It dries out the skin. I always use baby wash on my face. Let me go home and grab the bottle, and then we’ll get started.”
Henry and I spent the rest of Sunday learning the ropes of Baby Care 101. With lunch and dinner done, my confidence was slowly rising. By bedtime, I was nearly giddy. I had made it through the first day with Sonia without doing something dumb. So far, so good. Tomorrow’s a work day. It might be a little more challenging, but with a good night’s rest, I’ll get through it.
The Hartman ladies showed up for breakfast, bright and early Monday morning. While Charity took a turn at feeding strained peaches to the chattering child, Prudence read aloud from The Beaufort Gazette. I dished up scrambled eggs and buttered toast for the Hartman ladies, fixed a plate for myself, and left the rest in the pan for the man in the hallway.
“Syd,” Henry hailed me, sticking his head around the corner. “You’ve got to make a formal decision about Baby Sonia.”
“I do?” Don’t ask me why, but I felt a momentary panic. Me, responsible for a baby? And not even my own baby -- someone else’s. Was that really a good idea? “Are you sure this is really necessary? I don’t mind watching her for a few days, until you get this all straightened out, but....”
“Longer than just a few days, babe. Faith just got a Charleston judge to sign off on her emergency petition to be Guardian ad Litem for Sonia.” Crap!
“How much longer?” I shoveled the last of my eggs into my mouth.
“As long as it takes. It could be a few weeks, or even a few months. It all depends on how the case goes. There’s no way to predict the outcome.”
“But I have all that work to do,” I reminded my husband. “The painting, the flooring....”
“I’ll get back to you, Faith,” he told his caller. “Syd, let’s step out.”
We took our discussion into the master bedroom, free to talk now that we knew the listening devices had been deactivated and the Hartman ladies were out of earshot. Henry briefed me on what had transpired overnight. By the time he was done explaining the game plan, I thought he was completely out of his mind.
“I’m supposed to take this child into my home and care for her while her parents are in prison?”
“Not prison, Syd. We’re going to spring the lovebirds and put them to work. I can’t have Dilly distracted with worry about her child. She’ll screw up unless she knows Sonia is okay. The child will be safe with us. Besides, we can help the Navy close its case against Harvey without giving away any national security secrets. The bad guys will think they’re safe. That gives us the chance to track the hostile intelligence activity.”
“But how are we supposed to take care of a baby if we don’t have all the equipment?”
“You buy used furniture all the time. You’re good at that stuff, Syd. Can’t you grab some baby things at a consignment shop?”
“Oh, brother!” I rolled my eyes.
“Remember what you said about life not being boring? Never a dull moment....” Was that a twinkle in those brown eyes? I groaned, tossing myself onto the bed backwards. I should have known those words would come back to haunt me. Henry flopped down beside me. “Babe, I’d never ask if it wasn’t important.”
I turned on my side, propped myself up, and studied him. “And it is?”
“More than you’ll ever know.”
I thought about all the clients I had lined up for the next six weeks, all the plans I had made. There was no way I was going to take care of this bouncing baby by myself. “You do plan to be a part of this, don’t you?”
“Sure, but I’ll be at work most of the day, babe. It will fall to you to take care of her.”
“But....”
“Let’s go tell the ladies,” Henry urged me, pulling me to my very reluctant feet and dragging me out of the bedroom, towards the kitchen.
“Have you decided?” Prudence demanded the second we appeared in the doorway. “Are we keeping her?”
Before I could even get the words out, the two eldest Hartman ladies were offering their services as babysitters for our little ward, no doubt wanting to help us practice for the day when Henry and I became parents.
“We’ll be here with whatever you need,” Charity promised.
“Absolutely, dear. Don’t you worry about a thing!” Prudence was adamant. Sonia would lack for nothing.
Even as I hesitated, I saw those two eager, hopeful faces. How could I say no? And then I remembered about Harvey.
 “Let me just see if I understand this, Henry Hartman. You not only want me to actually take care of an eight-month-old baby, you also want me to babysit your boy, Harvey?”
“Yes, but he can’t know whose baby it is.”
“What am I supposed to tell him? The stork left Sonia in a basket on our front door step?”
“Tell him the truth. We’re helping out Faith by being foster parents until such time as the mother and father are capable of caring for their child.”
“This is quite a pickle we’re in.” I shook my head. “Well, ladies, since you’ve insisted that you’re here to help with Sonia, it’s time to step up to the plate. I’m going to take a shower and get ready for work. Henry, Boondoggle needs a walk. Look alive, people. Harvey will be here at eight. We’ve got twenty minutes.”
“Hon, I’d like to....”
“Don’t want to hear it. Walk the dog, Henry.”
Eleven minutes later, I stepped out of the shower. If I was lucky, I had nine whole minutes before Bigfoot knocked at the door. I used them wisely. Throwing on shorts and a blouse, I ran a brush through my wet hair, pulled it back in a ponytail, and stepped into my favorite pair of Top Siders. With a quick brush of mascara and eye shadow, some blush, and a little lip gloss, I was presentable for the day. Just in time, too. I heard Prudence chatting with Harvey in the foyer.
“Here I am, boss. Where do you want me to start?” he greeted me.
“Let’s get to Martha’s place. You measure for the backsplash and counters, and then start the cabinet prep work. I’ll go get those tiles and counters ordered.”
Even as I spoke, I was moving him out the door. The last thing I wanted to have to do was explain the baby in the kitchen. I needed time to get my story straight. Of course that didn’t happen. Instead, a discreet cough interrupted our exit.
“Syd?” It was Charity. “Sorry to bother you. Do you have any clean clothes for the baby?”
“Uh....” I had a brain freeze. Clean clothes? We had already gone through the ones in the blue tote bag. I wanted to kick myself for not doing laundry last night.
“You have a baby?” Harvey seemed surprised, almost accusatory. “How come you never said you had a kid?”
“Would that have made a difference to you?” I looked at him in disbelief. “You wouldn’t have threatened me?”
“Well, no. I still probably would have done that. I’m just surprised. You didn’t strike me as the motherly type,” he shrugged.
“I didn’t strike you as the motherly type?” My voice got louder and higher. “What does that mean?”
“Whoa!” He threw his hands in the air in mock surrender. “I take it back! You’re the motherly type alright. You’re like a mama bear! Gr-r-r!”
“She is, isn’t she?” Charity chimed in. “Just make sure you don’t mess with her little cub.”
“Are you two done discussing me?” Hands on my hips, I faced off against my audience. “If so, I’d like to get started on my to-do list. Harvey, head over to Martha’s. Charity, come with me.”
The moment Harvey was out the door, I held a conference with the Hartman ladies in the kitchen. “Here’s the deal. I have nothing for the baby to wear, except what was in that blue tote bag. If you two can hold the fort for a few hours, I have to go out to order tile for Martha’s kitchen. I’ll stop on the way home and buy some baby clothes. There’s only one catch. I have no idea what size to get her.”
“Ah,” Prudence reached past Sonia as she sat in her car seat, “let me check the label on the back of her onesie.”
“I suggest you go a size larger, Syd. She’ll probably outgrow this in another week or two,” the great-aunt announced.
“Good idea,” Henry’s grandmother agreed. “Kids do sprout quickly at this age. Luckily, it’s still warm out. You could even get away with just a tee shirt and diapers around the house.”
“Let me do a load of laundry before I leave. If you could throw everything in the dryer when the cycle finishes, I’d appreciate it.” I opened the closet door in the hallway, popped open the washer lid, and tossed dirty baby clothes in as the Hartman ladies hovered.
“Too bad you can’t just get her possessions from home.”
“It is, isn’t it?” I agreed. Maybe Henry could figure out how to get it all over here from Charleston. We’d save a lot of money and we wouldn’t have to guess at what she needed. But could he do it? If someone was watching Dilly’s apartment, it could create a problem that would blow the investigation. I made a mental note to ask him when I had the chance. I just hoped I wouldn’t have to do a lot of lobbying for the cause.
Harvey was already scrubbing the walls when I crossed the courtyard on my way to Martha’s unit. I could see him through the kitchen window, standing on the stepladder, even as a very animated client was apparently chattering away at his elbow. It was clear that hormones were at work. I knocked twice.
“Come on in, Syd!” Martha called out. I turned the knob and pushed the door open. Just as I stepped over the threshold, I heard a thunka-thunka-thunka on the hallway floor. What was that noise? I was still processing the information when a big black-and-brown blur streaked towards me.
“Gee Bee, no!” Harvey’s voice boomed, but his efforts were for naught. I was struck at full speed by a ninety-pound Rottweiler on a mission. I fell against the wall, twisted my ankle, and went down with a thump. Four huge paws pinned me to the floor, even as my handyman hollered. “I said no! Sit, girl. Syd, are you okay?”
I lay there stunned, unable to move. My brain whirled through jumbled thoughts that popped up without rhyme or reason. Looking up at the popcorn ceiling, I saw soot stains from the fire embedded in the pebbled surface. I hadn’t included that when I gave Martha the estimate to redo the kitchen. I should have Harvey scrap that all off. It would take forever and serve him right for bringing that killing machine to work with him.
“Syd?”
“Get Fang off me this instant!” I commanded.

Chapter Eleven --

“Her name’s not Fang. It’s Gee Bee.” Harvey lifted the dog off me and shoved her into a seated position before offering me his hand. As I wiped off the imaginary dust and my all-too-real dismay at having been knocked on my keister, I looked at the beast.
“As in Heebie Jeebies?” I wondered. “She is pretty terrifying.”
“No, Gee Bee as in Garbage Bag.”
“Why?” Martha seemed horrified that any true animal lover would ever give a dog such an unappealing name. “Does she rummage through the trash?”
“No,” he shook his head. “That’s where I found her. Someone put her in one and tossed her into a Dumpster up in Folly Beach. I yanked her out. She was undernourished and suffering from worms. I took her to a vet, hoping to find her a home, but no one wanted her, so I got Gee Bee fixed up and rode her home on my cycle.”
“What did you do when you were in,” I almost mentioned his stint in jail, but stopped myself in time, thanks to the stink eye Harvey gave me, “the Navy?”
With as much dignity as he could muster, he carefully dunked his sponge in the cleaning bucket, took his sweet time wringing it out, and then proceeded to wipe the smoke residue off a stretch of kitchen wall.
“I didn’t have her when I was in the Navy. But as to your question, when I was off on business,” he said, emphasizing the word, “I left her with a lady who does foster care for dogs.”
“Poor thing,” Martha cooed. “How old is she?”
“Almost two.” My handyman took something from his pocket and offered it to the Rottweiler. She snatched up in those strong jaws and gulped it down before she slumped down on the vinyl floor and plopped her big head onto the toe of his work boot, completely docile.
“Well, I think she’s charming,” Martha declared, reaching down to scratch Gee Bee behind the ears. I rolled my eyes, the memory of that powerful doggie tackle still a little too fresh in my mind. What if the Rottie went wild? Horrible scenarios rolled through my head, each one more terrifying than the last. I surely didn’t want Boonie endangered. Henry and I learned the hard way that a lot of dogs view their smaller relatives as chew toys. Mr. Ludlow, two doors down, had a cat he let out in the mornings. All we’d need is for Gee Bee to give chase. Worst of all, what if she attacked a neighbor? Maybe I should instruct Harvey to leave the dog at home. And if he insisted on bringing her, Gee Bee should be leashed while in the neighborhood, maybe even crated inside the condo.
I grabbed Martha for a quick decorating conference at the dining table while she downed her breakfast. It wasn’t easy to keep her attention on the subject at hand or the samples I put in front of her. Her gaze kept wandering back to the beefcake with the beer gut on the stepladder. What had happened with John Timulty? Was the Stenkill-Timulty relationship now on the back burner? Judging from the way Martha set her sights on Harvey, I thought that was a safe bet.
She left for the office just after eight-thirty. As a physical therapist for a busy medical practice, Martha was in demand. Aching shoulders, sore knees, stiff sacroiliacs, and nagging neck strain were her specialty. Harvey lit into me the second she was out the door, making me wonder how she was at fixing the proverbial pain in the butt.
“You’ve got some nerve, trying to embarrass me that way in front of a lady!” he snarled.
“Excuse me?”
“You were going to ask me what I did with the dog while I was in jail. Admit it!”
“I can’t change the fact that you went to jail, Harvey. It happened! And I certainly had no intention of embarrassing you by mentioning it. But let’s deal with reality here, my friend. You may not want people to know about your stint, but if it comes out, it comes out. We’re not going to lie to people about it. Just because....” That’s when it struck me. He was mad that I almost let Martha in on his secret. Why would that bother him? “You’ve got a thing for our client!”
“No, I don’t!” He said that a little too quickly.
“Yes, you do! You’ve got the hots for Martha!” Gee Bee came trotting into the kitchen to find out what the ruckus was about. “Admit it. You like her!”
“I just don’t want you bad-mouthing me to everyone! Just because you’re my boss, it doesn’t give you the right to trash talk!”
“Trash talk? Seriously?”
“I’m just saying....”
“You’d better watch what you’re saying, Harvey, because if you keep rolling down this road, you’re going to lose your chance to redeem yourself, and then you’ll never get Lidia off your back!”
“Fine!” he snapped.
“As long as you understand,” I growled. Gee Bee parked herself next to the ladder, as if to dare me to come near her master. “And while we’re at it, the dog is on a leash when she’s outside at Carolina Place, and at the first sign of trouble, she’s banned from the work site!”
“No problem,” he hissed. “Message received!”
“Good,” I nodded emphatically. “I just want to make sure we’re clear on that.”
“Swell!”
“On that note, I’m heading out to get some supplies. Do you have those measurements for me?” 
If they had actually been for me and me alone, he probably would have dragged the process out, but since he was sweet on Martha, he cooperated. After all, he couldn’t impress her with his renovation skills if I didn’t purchase the raw materials for him to install, could he? Ten minutes later, after a quick huddle to discuss what we were going to do about the cabinets, I left him mumbling under his breath, something about chop-busting, if I heard him right.
Boondoggle was happy to see me. He raced to the foyer as I stepped inside. Prudence and Charity were in the living room, patty-caking with Sonia.
“Isn’t she a delight?” Prudence asked me. “Look at that sweet face.”
“She is indeed. I’ll take Boonie for a walk before I head into Bluffton,” I told the ladies. “If you need anything from the store, make a list.”
“You call her ‘the baby’, Syd. Why don’t you use her name?” Charity wanted to know. That question caught me off-guard.
“I don’t know.”
“Maybe you’re afraid you’ll fall for her. She’s got a lot of charm.”
“No. That’s not it.” I shook my head. “She’s cute, in a baby sort of way. I think it’s just the name. Sonia.”
“What’s wrong with it? It’s a perfectly lovely name.”
“Maybe on a thirty-year-old, but for a baby? Rather stiff upper lip, don’t you think? Babies are supposed to have cuddly names, like Susie and Weezy.”
“What’s to stop you from giving Sonia a nickname?” asked Henry’s grandmother.
“She’s not my baby. I don’t have the right to give her a nickname.”
“Are you kidding? Of course you do.”
“You Hartman ladies didn’t give Henry one,” I reminded them. “He’s always been Henry, not Hank.”
“Is that what he told you?”
The laughter that bubbled out of their throats seemed to fill the room. Prudence buried her face in the baby’s chest, giggling like a schoolgirl, while Charity tossed her head back and guffawed until she could guffaw no more.
“What’s so funny? Henry had a nickname?” I inquired, when they had exhausted themselves. This was news to me.
“He certainly did. Sherlock Holmes.”
“Of course!” I tapped my forehead as it suddenly dawned on me. All those times the Hartman ladies referred to him as “Holmes” or “Sherlock”, I thought they were teasing the FBI agent because of his job. Instead, that was his childhood nickname. “Oh, good heavens!”
“So, Syd, what are you going to call little Sonia?” Prudence bounced the tiny tyke on her knee and was rewarded with a gurgling stream of joyful sound. La-la-la-la-la.
“Well, if I was going to take into account her happy little personality, I’d opt for Sunny.”
“Sunny? That’s perfect. Sunny it is. From now on, that’s what we’ll all call her.” Charity declared.
“Too bad you don’t have a stroller for Sunny, Syd. If you did, we could push her around the neighborhood.”
“We’ll put that on the list for Henry. Maybe I’ll even call him right now and ask if he can grab the baby’s...Sunny’s things up in Charleston.”
I left Henry a voice mail as Boonie and I did a loop around Shell Ring Road. The morning sky was looking overcast, even as the sun struggled to make an appearance. I wondered if we’d get a shower any time soon. The air was heavy with humidity and the heat just added to my misery. By the time I got back to the vanilla palace, I was feeling like a sticky bun in a bakery. Poor Boonie was panting.
“Here’s the list, Syd,” Charity told me. She handed me a piece of paper with six “must haves” on it. Diapers, tee shirts, baby wipes, formula, strained vegetables, and fortified cereal.
“Call me if you need anything else. I should be gone a couple of hours.” I gave Boondoggle a pat on the head and scooted out the door on my way to my Sonata. My goal for the morning was to get Martha’s renovation underway by picking up available materials in the stores and choosing those special order items. First priority? Countertops.
I stopped in at Stone Works to see if there were any attractive remnants available. Since the kitchen counter space was so small and comprised of two separate sections, remnants would save a lot of money because they didn’t have to be matched at the seam. I took photos of the chosen granite for Martha before heading to Lowe’s. I selected an affordable porcelain subway tile and loaded my cart up with the requisite number of boxes to cover the square footage of Martha’s wall, and then added mastic, grout, trowels and a rubber float.
Once that was all in the Sonata, taking up the trunk and much of the floor of the rear passenger compartment, it was time to do some baby shopping. The big question was where to go. That’s when I remembered seeing an OshKosh B’gosh store at the Tangier Outlet. Perfect, I decided. I was just about to cross the bridge into Bluffton when my cell phone buzzed. I hit the hands-free button and synched the call.
“What’s up, babe?” my husband wanted to know.
I launched into my appeal, outlining the various items that would have to be purchased if we couldn’t obtain Sunny’s clothes, toys, and furniture from her parents’ apartment up in Charleston. Henry gave me the runaround, citing security issues left and right, but in the end, he had to admit that as long as there was a logical cover story, it was possible they could be removed and transported to our place.
“Syd, it’s a matter of being creative. We need to put Dilly and John back in that apartment, so that they can continue working for the bad guys.”
“And your point would be?”
“If Dilly and John’s neighbors see me moving the baby stuff out, it will tip our hand.”
“Not if you make a big fuss about Baby Sonia going into foster care, because the parents are unfit,” I informed him. “After all, that was Dilly’s biggest fear. Can’t you get a couple of people to fake it as social workers and remove her possessions from the apartment?”
“I admit it has some appeal. And it might bolster their cover story as to why they’re motivated to cooperate with the creeps, because they’re furious with the government. Let me think about it. By the way, Syd, as far as the Beaufort County Sheriff’s Department is concerned, the couple they apprehended in our condo go by the names of Cara and Will Foster.”
“Cute. What do we tell our neighbors?
“What do we tell our neighbors about what?”
“How we suddenly came to have a baby. It’s not like I can explain her away by saying I found her in the cabbage patch out back, Henry.”
“Faith is officially the Guardian ad Litem for the child, and as such, my aunt is responsible for her welfare,” he responded. It was the same story I had given Harvey a little while earlier. “Sonia’s with us because we’re helping out in a pinch.”
“Sunny.”
“Pardon me?” my husband replied, sounding rather confused.
“I can’t call her Sonia. The name doesn’t fit a baby, Henry. I’ve decided to nickname her Sunny, for her cheerful disposition.”
“Oh, I get it. Yeah, that’s good. Sunny’s a nice name for a little girl. I’m going to call her Sunshine.”
“That works, too,” I acknowledged.
“I’ve got to go. I might be a bit late for dinner.”
“Okay. See you when I see you. Love you.”
“Love you back,” he said before he hung up.
A short time later, I pulled into a parking space at the mall. Monday morning seemed like a good time to shop. The stores weren’t crowded. Checking the mall directory, I found I had several more choices, including Carter’s, Gymboree, and even the Children’s Place. I took advantage of the opportunity and dug through the sale racks and bins at all the stores, hunting for bargains. By the time I left, I’d spent a hundred bucks on little outfits for Sunny. I justified my purchases by convincing myself that she’d look presentable when we took her out in public.
At one, with the packages loaded into the Sonata, I grabbed a chicken panini and a soda at Panera Bread and found myself a seat in a quiet corner, amusing myself with some people-watching. For the first time in memory, I focused my attention on the interactions of parents and young children. Could I pick up any tips or techniques just from observing, something I could use with Sunny? Truth was I could use all the help I could get. I didn’t want to end up on YouTube in a video clip entitled, “Syd Shows What Not to Do with Your Infant”.
I swung by the grocery store for diapers and baby food before I left Bluffton. I perused the aisles, tracking down each item on my list. Reading every ingredient on every jar of baby food took effort, but I wanted to make sure I was choosing healthy meals for the little tyke.
It was well after two thirty by the time I decided it was time to resume my official duties as babysitter for Bigfoot and Fang. I opened the door to the car for the trip back to the island and found myself stepping back as the wave of fiery air hit me in the face. After all these months of living in the semi-tropical climate, I still wasn’t used to it. Most days, I toiled in air-conditioned comfort, at my office or a client work site. I rarely ventured out in the middle of the day. My biggest mistake of the day was wearing shorts. I found that out the second I slid behind the wheel.
“Holy mother of pearl!” The backs of my thighs were scorched as they landed on the leather seat. I twisted and turned, trying to keep my skin up off the grill-like surface as I started the engine and rolled down all the windows. Even with the air conditioner running full blast, it took a good five minutes to knock that heat out of the interior. “What did people around here do before air conditioning came along?”
The drive back to the island, once the Sonata became my personal chill room, was pleasant enough. I spent the time mentally going over my design plans, tweaking them here and there. I will admit that when I finally walked into Martha’s condo, the last thing I expected to see were cabinets without doors. Bigfoot was in the backyard, swiping the door fronts with cleaner. For a guy who was supposed to be such a crazy mess, he was really quite productive. Was it just that he was motivated to impress the physical therapist, or was this his normal work routine?
“Hey,” I called out, stepping onto deck. I left the sliding glass door open a crack. Harvey glanced up from his project. “Everything looks good.”
“Of course it does,” he responded. For a brief moment, I thought about getting him a discount coupon for charm school lessons, but it was probably a waste of time. He was enough to drive any sensible etiquette expert bonkers.
“Where’s Fa...Gee Bee?”
“In the house. Why?”
“In the house?” I looked behind me, suddenly concerned that I would be pinned against the slider, but there was no dog there. “Are you sure?”
“Of course I’m sure.”
I called out. I whistled. Nothing. “I don’t think she’s here, Harvey.”

Chapter Twelve --

“Where else would she be?” he demanded, as a scowl began to form on his face. “She was there just a little while ago when I had my lunch.”
“Maybe she’s taking a nap upstairs,” I decided. She was probably sprawled out on Martha’s bed, making herself at home. I hurried out of the living room and into the hallway.
“Gee Bee!” I called her. No response. I started up the stairs somewhat tentatively. The last thing I wanted was that massive beast shoving me down all twelve steps and leaping on top of me. I could hear the slider door open and shut, so I knew Harvey was right behind me. Small comfort.
There was no sign of the dog upstairs, even as we did a room by room search. As the minutes ticked on, I could see Harvey was becoming more concerned.
 “Well, that dog has to be somewhere,” I insisted. “The door was shut when I came into the house and I immediately shut it again.”
“It’s such a hot day, why would she even want to go outside? I normally have to drag her out for a walk when it’s like this.”
I understood Harvey’s growing fear. Had he inadvertently left the screen on the sliding door open when he was working in the backyard? It was possible, and yet, I had to admit that a Rottweiler was hardly a dog that could sneak around anywhere. Gee Bee was just too big to tiptoe across a deck and down the steps. But if she had gotten out, would she have wandered off by herself? I didn’t think so. She was too attached to the walking dog treat dispenser with the bottomless pockets of goodies.
I started my outdoor search by checking the shady areas around the villas. Maybe the Rottweiler just settled down for a nap under a tree, where the ground was cooler. Maybe she saw a bird or a squirrel when she looked out the window and decided to give chase. Of course that still didn’t explain how she could have slipped out without leaving a telltale sign.
After five minutes, I had to admit it was a waste of time to keep poking through the shrubbery by the buildings, so I moved towards the parking lot. I could hear Harvey whistling and hollering for his dog as he searched nearby.
“Gee Bee! Where are you, girl? Come on! Come to Daddy!”
That’s when I heard it -- a faint whimper, a soft woof. As I studied my surroundings, I noticed Harvey’s pickup truck a short distance away. The windows were rolled down about four or five inches on both the driver’s side and the passenger’s side. Woof! It was almost a mournful sound.
“Gee Bee! Harvey, come quickly!” As I dashed to the pickup truck, I could see the poor pooch panting, sprawled out on the seat. “Harvey!”
“What?” he bellowed, coming towards me at a fast trot. “What the...why is my dog in my pickup truck?”
I yanked at the truck door, but it was locked. With a push of his remote, he popped the lock and I frantically pulled at the handle. The build-up of hot air inside of the truck hit me as soon as the door opened to that solar furnace on wheels, and for a moment, I thought the dog on the front seat had expired. But Gee Bee lifted her head weakly and gave me a half-hearted growl. Harvey pushed past me, scooping up the beast in his arms. I hurried back to Martha’s, fumbling with the front door. As soon as I had it open, I stepped aside and held the screen door. He carried the overheated Rottweiler over the threshold, and once he got the dog inside, Harvey laid her down on the cool kitchen floor, talking softly to her and telling her everything would be okay. I prayed he was right.
 “How did someone get her to go out there without me?” the distraught man wanted to know.
“Good question.” As I watched the dog struggle to recover from her ordeal, he posed an even bigger question.
“Why, Syd? Why would anyone put a dog inside a locked truck on a day like today?” he growled, furious. “What idiot thought that was a good idea?”
 “That’s the cruelest thing I’ve ever seen.” I had to admit I was stunned.
 “It’s just another in a long line of mysterious happenings in the life of Harvey Poulin. Must be the gremlins at work again, another figment of my imagination.” I heard that sour note in his voice and understood his bitter resignation.
“It’s definitely not your imagination, Harvey. That dog didn’t get into that truck by accident. Someone deliberately put her in there. But who did it and why? I hate to be dumb about this, Harvey, but does Gee Bee usually let people lead her around like that?”
“Hell, no. The only person who ever was able to handle her besides me was my ex-girlfriend, and she’s long gone!”
“Are you sure about that?”
“Of course I’m sure. We broke up ages ago.”
“Hmm....”
“What are you saying? Patsy lured Gee Bee out of Martha’s condo and into my pickup?”
“Somebody did,” I pointed out. “That dog didn’t pick the lock on your pickup with her paws. Besides, I could have sworn those windows rolled up when I left here.”
“Of course they were. I keep tools in there, so I lock it all the time.”
“Did your ex-girlfriend have a spare key?” I inquired. The question caught him off-guard. For a man who had had some rather unexplainably odd events happen to him, he was slowly coming to the realization that maybe he wasn’t losing his grip after all. I watched as the invisible wheels turned in his head and he did the math.
“Well, I did lose my spare key a couple of months ago.”
“That’s quite a coincidence,” I decided. I sat down on the floor next to him as he cradled his dog’s massive head in his lap. “How’s Gee Bee?”
“I think she’s okay. She’s still pretty warm.”
“Think we should take her to the vet’s? Or call for instructions?”
“I don’t know. Maybe....”
We both heard it at the same time, the sound of the door knob turning. A moment later, the front door swung open. It was Martha.
“Sorry. Did I surprise you two? I’m working a split shift today. Hey, what’s going on?” she wanted to know, a concerned look creasing her brow. “Why are you on the floor?”
It didn’t take long for Harvey to explain, or for Martha to drop to her knees. She checked Gee Bee’s pulse and then grabbed some dish towels, which she dampened in the sink and spread across the still warm dog. “We don’t want to lower her temperature too quickly.”
“Right. I was just asking if we should call the vet,” I told her. “Do you think we should drive the dog over there?”
“Let’s give her a minute. She seems to be responding well.” Martha was massaging the Rottweiler, gently running her hands over the dog’s muscles. The panting had stopped. Martha said that was a good sign.
Half an hour later, Gee Bee was feeling well enough to handle some kibble. I left Harvey and his canine companion to Martha’s ministrations, and headed home. I found the whole episode rather disturbing. I wanted to talk to Henry about it, but first I had to deal with the Hartman ladies and one very tiny carpet creeper.
“Look what Sunny can do, Syd!” Charity was on her hands and knees, playing with the infant. She pretended to crawl away and Sunny laughed as she scooted behind the elderly woman, hoping to catch up.
“I see you’ve had a very successful day. Obviously, that exercise class at the senior activities center has done you some good,” I laughed as I stood there watching, laden with packages.
“What did you bring us?” Prudence was curious. I piled the bags on the sofa. At the sound of all that crinkling plastic and paper, Boondoggle barked, wanting me to know something wasn’t kosher at the vanilla palace.
“It’s okay, buddy.” I lifted him up and gave him an affectionate hug as the ladies inspected Sunny’s new wardrobe.
“Delightful!” Prudence declared. “She’ll look very stylish. I love the booties, Syd.”
“Aren’t they cute?” I replied as she held up the little pink Stride Rite “crib and crawl” shoes I found in a sale bin. Charity was thrilled.
“Aren’t they sweet? You did well.”
“And now that you’re home, we should be running along. We have rehearsal tonight,” Prudence informed me.
“Thanks so much for everything. I know it’s been a long day for both of you.”
“Oh, nonsense. The kid takes a morning nap and an afternoon nap. So does the dog. I’m smart enough to join them,” said the elderly lady with a wink. “Charity slipped out to attend her exercise class.”
“I did. It worked out well, Syd. What time do you want us tomorrow?”
“I’ll just be working at Martha’s for much of the day. Want me to call you?”
“Good idea.”
Once they were on their way back to the granny villa, I strapped Sunny into her car seat and set it down on the carpet. She chatted to herself, reaching for the colorful plastic keys I offered, and once she was happily examining each one with her chubby fingers, I got busy calling Henry. Boonie curled up beside me, his head on my thigh. I stroked his tiny white head as I waited. Three rings later, we connected.
“What’s up, Syd?”
“There was an incident with Gee Bee,” I announced. He listened without interrupting me, and when I got done giving him the rundown, all he said was, “I’m on it.”
Outside, the southern sky grew dark, a sure sign that a late afternoon storm was rolling in from the ocean. How much time did I have before the heavens opened?
“I should walk you before it starts pouring, Boonie. Let me just get dinner in the oven.” I washed some potatoes and carrots, peeled an onion, and cut them all into chunks. I arranged the vegetables in the bottom of a Pyrex baking dish and grabbed a marinated pork tenderloin from the refrigerator. Slipping it out of its plastic wrapper, I placed it on top, poured the remaining marinade in with the vegetables, and slid the baking dish into the oven. Then and only then did I grab Boonie and the baby. Balancing Sunny on one hip, I held open the screen door with the other and stepped aside to let the Maltese terrier pass. This juggling act was still pretty new for me and my timing was off. The screen door hit me in the fanny. What if it had been the doggie? I could really use a third hand to get everything done. How do parents do this every single day?
“Okay, little girl, it’s time to walk the doggie. Let’s take a quick stroll around the block.”
We made our way along the winding sidewalks while Boonie sniffed the shrubbery, stopping every couple of feet to lift his leg. Occasionally hoisting the squirming child back onto my hip, I found myself feeling more than a little lopsided. I hope Henry gets Sunny’s backpack from the apartment. It would be a lot easier to walk the dog if I didn’t have to worry about dropping the baby.
We made it back to the front door just as big splotches of rain began to splatter on the steps. I fumbled with the key as Sunny pulled on my ponytail and Boonie yanked on his leash. Thunder rumbled in the distance. No doubt it was just the angelic cherubs of my childhood bowling a couple of strings in Heaven’s lanes above. That sounds like a strike. And that’s a gutter ball. Hurry up, Syd. The storm is getting closer. Oh, I definitely need that backpack.
Five minutes later, the first flash of lightning illuminated the sky like the pyrotechnics at a KISS concert. This was followed by such a crash of thunder that Sunny became quite perturbed. Her tiny hands curled into fists as she twitched and twisted while the storm grew bold, intensifying. Taking pity on the poor child, I closed all the drapes, turned on the table lamps in the darkened room, and sat with her on the sofa. We watched the local news channel as the raindrops pelted the windows. Boonie, curled up at my side, slept through it all.
Henry finally came home just after seven-thirty. He tossed his sport coat over the back of the recliner, loosened his collar, and joined us, much to Boondoggle’s delight.
“Well, Syd, we took a gander at the surveillance video and you’re not going to believe what we found out. Guess who put the dog in the pickup truck?”
“Patsy, Harvey’s ex-girlfriend,” I said confidently. For the first time since I’d met him all those years ago, Henry was actually speechless. I waited patiently. Finally, he shook his head, raised his eyebrows, and told me to spill the beans.
“How did you figure that out?”
“It had to be someone Harvey knows, so I just narrowed it down by process of elimination. Who could control a dog like Gee Bee? Who had access to Harvey’s keys? And who’s been on the suspect list?”
“Very good, Syd. Maybe you missed your calling. Yes, it was Patsy. That means the investigation is a go.”
“Ah,” I nodded. “And that means?”
“Until this case is wrapped up, Sunny stays with us, for however long it takes.”
“What about Dilly? I don’t think she’s going to be able to handle being away from her baby for very long.”
“She’s going to have to, Syd. We can’t risk any contact.”
“Henry, there has to be some kind of compromise. This little baby needs her parents.”
“Syd, this is a national security case. We’re talking about real spies trying to obtain real secrets. We still don’t know who Patsy works for or what the espionage plan involves. John’s a Navy man, and he’s used to deploying. Dilly has been living with him for the last couple of years, so she knows the drill. They have to muddle through. It’s not like they have a choice.”
“Easier said than done.” Call it a woman’s intuition. All I knew was that if I were in those shoes, I’d never be able to walk away from my child. I’d move heaven and earth to be with her. That bond between Dilly and Sunny might turn out to be stronger than Henry ever imagined. Time would tell.

Chapter Thirteen --

Three weeks later, as autumn brought cooler weather, Sunny was getting used to the Hartman routine. Manny had delivered on his promise of new vehicles a week earlier. I was now driving a white 2007 Chrysler Town and Country van. It was convenient for work, baby, and even dog. Boondoggle had his own car seat and he often rode shotgun up in front. Sunny was strapped into hers in the back passenger seat.
Henry switched over to a metallic gold 2008 Toyota Avalon. He seemed to enjoy the new car, with its luxury touches. And much to our surprise, Charity unexpectedly turned down the Sonata in favor of Henry’s Outback. She delighted in all the extra room for her senior pals when they went on shopping excursions. They just tossed their bags in back of the wagon. And it came in handy for the Halloween haunted house project, too. Prudence and Charity were able to work on their props at home and deliver them to the center, thanks to the roomy cargo area.
By then Harvey had finished putting color on the walls of the vanilla palace and we had actually set up our guest room as a nursery, complete with a real crib and toy box. Sunny was very active now, crawling throughout the first floor. I took to locking the back door to the deck, afraid she would open it and wander out into the waiting jaws of a hungry gator. I kept imagining a six-foot beast lumbering out of the lagoon and up the deck steps. It was enough to give me nightmares. Ever since I nearly lost a toe in late winter to a young one, I erred on the side of caution when it came to alligators.
Harvey had finished Martha’s condo on a high note, but his personal life took a bad turn. Patsy weaseled her way back into his world, making a point of bumping into him when he went off island to visit friends at the Navy base. She somehow managed to convince him that she had nothing to do with Gee Bee’s unfortunate experience with heat exhaustion in the locked pickup. Martha suddenly found her efforts to get to know my handyman better were thwarted by Patsy’s return appearance in the ex-Navy man’s life. The investigation into the Navy communications cable theft was hot again. Once the NCIS team up in Charleston was certain that Patsy was determined to use Harvey as her fall guy, Henry became the coordinator for the Hilton Head end of things.
As his ex-girlfriend began to apply some pressure in their relationship, my handyman began spending more and more weekends with her. That actually worked out well for us, because it meant the Charleston team had surveillance duty and Henry was free to do things around the island.
We got tickets for the Haunted House on the last weekend in October. With Sunny dressed as a sunflower, we made our way through crowd at the spooky celebration on Sunday afternoon. Prudence was in her cups as she delighted the children with her bewitching spells. Charity, dressed up as a giant owl covered in gray feathers, was perched in the crook of a giant papier mâché tree, hooting as the Halloween visitors passed by. Perplexed by the familiar voices of the elderly Hartman ladies now emanating from some odd-looking creatures, Sunny was less than pleased and made that fact known by wailing. We bid them adieu and moved on, to the rest of the “spook-tacular”, which was much more to her liking. Along the way, we ran into several friends with children of their own, and they all made a big fuss over the adorable blossom in yellow and green that Henry was holding, wanting to know when we had welcomed the new addition to our family. It took a lot of time to explain, and by the time we left, it was almost four-thirty.
It was also the night Sea Pines Resort had its official Halloween celebration, so there were several festive events scheduled at various venues located within the resort property. The Carolina Place neighborhood geared up for an influx of kids dressed up as pirates and princesses.
After feeding Sunny, I placed her in the playpen in the living room and went back to the kitchen to make dinner. Henry, all six feet of him sprawled out on the sofa, was watching the Jets-Bengals football game, occasionally yelling at a haphazard play or wayward player. As I chopped vegetables at the kitchen counter, I heard excited voices squealing outside. That’s when I saw the first of the trick-or-treaters arrive at the condo next door.
“Get ready!” I warned the disgruntled NY Jets fan. He was on candy duty. Gaze still locked on the TV screen, he meandered backwards towards the foyer in anticipation of the doorbell ringing. The little Maltese beat him to the punch, twirling in excited circles at the sound of the first knock.
“I got it, I got it.” Henry reached down and picked up the yapping dog, returning to the living room just long enough to slip Boonie into his crate, and then he scurried, crab-like, back to the front door. He let out a whoop when he saw the Bengals fumble the ball.
“Now we’re talking!” he announced gleefully, throwing open the door and greeting the visitors with an exaggerated wolf howl. “What have we here?”
Three very little pigs with snouts and curly tails stepped in with a tall wolf in a mangy-looking fake fur jumpsuit. They were followed by a pint-sized judge, and a couple of tiny super heroes, who waited patiently in turn to grab a chocolate bar from the big bowl. Each child thanked Henry on the way out the door, eager to move on to the next stop on the candy trail. I noticed the tall wolf lingered in the foyer, his attention focused on the big screen TV in the living room.
“Ryan blew that last play,” Henry told him. “What was he thinking? Ever since Goodson tore his ACL....”
“Tell me about it! What’s the score?” the wolf wanted to know.
“Daddy, are you coming?” asked a little pig, waiting patiently on the top step.
“Be right there, sweetie,” was the reply, even as Henry took pity on the fellow Jets fan and gave him a quick rundown on the game.
A few minutes later, a pint-sized cop rode to the front step in his battery-powered police car, lights flashing, accompanied by none other than Lyle, the local deputy from the Beaufort County Sheriff’s Department. Henry invited the father-son lawmen in. They stayed long enough to check on the score of the Falcons-Raiders game before moving on to the next house.
After the third batch of trick-or-treaters caused him to miss a major play, Henry repositioned the TV screen, grabbed a stool from the kitchen, and sat himself in the foyer, so he could keep track of the football action and the front door. This improved his social demeanor considerably, making him much more cheerful as he handed out the chocolates.
Five minutes later, an over-stimulated monkey, escorted by a gigantic banana, three vampires, and a ghost, arrived. The six-foot-two banana managed to hoist the tiny primate onto his shoulders, so the other costumed children had a chance to choose their candy from the dish. When Henry offered up the bowl, the monkey dug in with two hands and came up with a fistful of goodies, which he quickly thrust into his canvas bag.
“Sorry,” the exhausted man in the banana costume told Henry, trying to retrieve them from the squirming toddler. “It’s his first time trick-or-treating.”
“No problem. Don’t worry about it,” he laughed.
They left happy, even as a pair of zombies stumbled in, moaning and groaning, arms flailing. Henry commended them on their spooky appeal. A moment later, a fairy princess, swathed in purple netting and carrying an illuminated wand, pretended to cast a spell over the frog boy standing next to her, who emitted a number of croaking sounds as he rummaged through the candy bars until he found a miniature Baby Ruth bar.
“Mmm...my fave-wit!” he declared, ripping open the wrapper and popping it into his mouth. He was still chewing as he stumbled down the steps.
The revelers continued to show up at the door as the evening progressed. When the pair of miniature dragons showed up, my husband beckoned to me.
“Syd, you’ve got to see this!”
I wiped my hands on the dish towel and joined him at the front door, where two four-year-old twins were dressed in green from head-to-toe, accompanied by their mother in a princess outfit and their father in a knight get-up.
“How cute!” I gushed. It was true.
“Well, we had to come up with some way to tame the little beasts,” the father joked. Henry opened a fresh bag of Hershey bars.
“One each, boys,” the princess insisted. I heard Boonie bark. “And say ‘thank you’ to the nice people.”
“Tank you,” said the dragon on the left.
“Um, tank you,” said the dragon on the right.
“You’re very welcome,” I replied with a smile.
“Thanks for stopping by,” Henry added. “You made my night.”
Boonie was still yapping when we shut the screen door. In fact, the dog sounded almost frantic, so Henry went back to the living room to check on him.
“It’s okay, buddy!” Henry told him, heading over to the crate. “Relax. Halloween’s almost over. Maybe you’d be happier in the bedroom, away from all the noise.”
I stood at the doorway, surprised at how upset the Maltese terrier seemed. This was not Boondoggle’s normal bark at all. If he kept this up, Sunny would soon be crying. Sunny!
“Henry, where is the baby?”
“In the playpen, Syd, where you put her.” I stared at the colorful square of plastic fencing, with its attached squeaky box and noise makers. It was empty.
“No, she’s not!”
“Sure she is,” he insisted, turning around to point. The look on his face said it all. “Crap!”
My heart stood still. In one terrible moment, I knew the worst fear of my life. There was no baby in sight. Sunny was missing.
“Did you leave the sliding door to the sun porch open?”
“Hell, no!” He was out the back door before I could move. The backyards of the Carolina Place villas overlooked alligator-infested lagoons. Now that the sun had faded and night was upon us, it was nearly impossible to see Henry as he searched for the missing child. As I stood there, watching for some small sign of life, I heard a splash and, in the faint moonlight, I saw a ripple break the surface of the dark water as a large specimen swam away. Dusk was often when the hungry creatures went in search of a meal and I knew Sunny, with those chubby little arms and legs, would make a tasty appetizer.
I tried to shake off a ghostly premonition of disaster. Think, Syd! That baby didn’t crawl out by herself. Someone snatched Sunny. What if it was Patsy and her gang?
The fastest way out of Carolina Place was by road. If Harvey’s ex-girlfriend was behind this caper, she probably had a getaway car stashed nearby. I turned and made a beeline for the foyer, grabbed the key from the hall table, and locked the door behind me. I stood on the top step and scanned the parking lot as the trick-or-treaters came and went. And that’s when I saw it. The light blue 2005 Toyota Camry. Dilly and John were standing next to it. I used the cover of a couple of adults herding an assortment of kids in costumes to get closer without being detected.
True to form, Dilly was actually securing her daughter in a new car seat in the back, one that no doubt was purchased for the occasion.
“Hurry up!” John urged her. “We’ve got to get out of here!”
“Just give me a minute. I’m trying to get this buckle....”
“You do realize this is a very bad plan, don’t you?” I said as I stepped up behind the conscientious mother.
“Oh, no,” whimpered Sonia’s mother, whirling around to face me.
From the driver’s seat, John was screaming profanities at me that were more inventive than any I’d ever heard. Then again, he was an experienced Navy man. It probably comes with sailing the Seven Seas.
“Let’s all go in the house and have a nice talk,” said Henry softly, steadily, as he slithered up to the driver’s door. “Come on. It’s Halloween. No need to upset the other kiddies and their parents.”
I knew John had no intention of going willingly. He seemed pretty set on fighting his way out of this situation. But Dilly was already crying, and it was pretty clear she was inconsolable. He took one look at her and sighed heavily before unfastening his seatbelt and carefully opening the car door.
I unbuckled Sunny in the back seat of the car and handed her to her mother. We formed ourselves into an odd little parade back to the house, the FBI agent in the rear. Dilly clutched that child so tightly in her embrace that I thought we would have to pry mother and child apart forcefully.
The moment we were inside, Henry shut off the exterior light and then walked through the foyer and kitchen, flipping switches as he went, until all the front rooms were in darkness. Halloween at the Hartman house was officially over. He locked the back porch door and closed the living room slider to the sun porch before pulling all the drapes.
John fumed as he waited, arms folded. Dilly settled herself, resigned to reality, on the sofa, her tears spilling onto her little girl in her lap. The FBI agent finally got down to brass tacks.
“What’s going on?” asked Henry, as he sat on the rolling ottoman, facing Dilly.
“We can’t take it any more,” she admitted, her voice thick with the pain she felt. “We want our daughter back.”
“We want our life back!” John hissed. “I’m through with all this! I don’t care what happens. We’re a family! I’m sick of my wife being miserable all the time!”
“Please, I cannot live without my baby.” More than a plea, it was a statement. Was Dilly on the brink of doing something desperate?
“Okay.” Henry studied Dilly, his gaze fastened on her. He nodded a couple of times. “Let’s figure this thing out.”
“There’s nothing to figure out,” John snapped. “My wife’s miserable, my daughter’s living with strangers, and the Navy wants me to suck it up!”
“Something must have changed,” the FBI agent decided. “Last time I spoke to you, things were copacetic.”
“I’m missing all of my baby’s milestones,” Dilly told us. It was true. One of these days, Sunny was going to stand up and take her first step. She was already proving to be a very vocal child, chattering on and on with the elderly Hartman ladies.
“Isn’t there some way....” I started to say.
“Syd!” My husband cut me off with a warning. As if that were going to shut me up. Nice try, fella.
“There has to be a way,” I insisted.
“This is far more complicated than you know.” This time, I saw those brown eyes of his aimed in my direction and I knew he wanted to intimidate me, but I understood what Dilly was saying. This was her one chance to bond with her child. There would be no do-over. Sunny needed her family. How could we make that happen when her parents were right in the middle of a federal case involving the theft of military communications cable?
Think, Syd. They can’t come to Sunny and Sunny can’t go to them. But can they meet in the middle? What they need is some way to spend time together that doesn’t raise a red flag to warn the bad guys.
“Do you have a job?” I asked Dilly. Those big eyes grew wider.
“What?”
“A job? Do you work?”
“I’m a part-time aide at the local elementary school.”
No wonder she was so unhappy, surrounded by children every day. Poor Dilly never had a fighting chance to beat those baby blues.
“Well, what if there was a way for Dilly to spend time with Sunny...er, Sonia? Would that help?”
“You call her Sunny?”
“Sorry. It just seemed to fit her cheerful disposition,” I admitted.
“That’s what I call her, too!” A brief glance at Henry told me he was thawing out a bit. I decided I was doing just fine. Dilly and I were sharing common ground, and that would go a long way towards making this mother more content.
“When do you work?”
“Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays.”
“What if I sent Sunny to a babysitter two days a week, say on Tuesdays and Thursdays?”
“How would that help my wife?” John demanded belligerently. “Now you want to ship my kid off to someone else?”
“Not to someone else. Couldn’t we arrange for Dilly to take care of her own daughter, with no one the wiser?”
Suddenly Henry was in the spotlight as we all turned to him. He held up his hands in protest.
“Whoa! What you’re asking is impossible, Syd. Just the logistics alone are frightful. Do you know how complicated it would be to make this happen?”
“Look at them,” was all I said. How could we ignore mother and child together on the sofa, Sunny’s little hand in her mother’s larger one? The infant’s eyelids fluttered as she groggily drifted off to sleep.
“You have to do it, sir!” That was the final word of a determined father. Now that his wife was once again holding their child, he wasn’t about to let that end. “I won’t cooperate unless you make it happen!”
“John, you’re hardly in a position to threaten me,” Henry replied firmly. “I will remind you that you are still in the Navy and you are required to serve the interests of this country.”
“And I will, sir! But my wife isn’t in the US Navy, and there’s no reason why she has to forfeit her right to be a mother!”
“What were you two going to do, run away? Take the baby and skip the country? You do know, John, that when a sailor is absent without leave, he faces a serious charge.”
“I can’t do what they want me to do, not when I have to worry about my family.”
“And you think that you’ll be safer when you’re all on the run and the bad guys pin the blame on you? Don’t you understand they’re looking for a fall guy?”
“But I thought they pinned it on Harvey,” the sailor replied. “That’s what Patsy told me!”
“Ah-ha!” Henry pointed a finger. “I knew you were holding out on us! What else have you been concealing?”
“I’m not going to tell you until you get my wife out of this mess!”
“Maybe you need a little time in the brig, or in a federal jail cell,” the FBI agent suggested, his gaze steely, “so you can come to your senses!”
It was pretty clear that we were headed for an impasse, so I scrambled. What we really needed was some help, but not just any kind of help. John wasn’t going to cooperate as long as he feared for Dilly’s safety. Wasn’t the solution to get her out of harm’s way, so the sailor could do his duty? “Henry, do you trust George and Jackie?”
“What?” I caught him off-guard.
“Your buddy and his wife,” I carefully reminded him, not wanting to give John and Dilly too much information.
“Meaning?”
“Meaning they have a parcel of kids and Jackie’s a busy real estate agent. No one would be surprised if she had a part-time sitter for those kids.” I glanced over at Dilly. “And who’s to say how many kids they’ve got for Dilly to watch? Three...four....”

Chapter Fourteen --

“I don’t know.” Henry seemed less than enthusiastic. The investigation into the missing communications cable from the Military Sealift Command was still underway and he was reluctant to compromise it. John stepped up, insistent.
“Sir, I’m willing to do whatever the Navy needs me to do, as long as my wife can be with our baby.”
Henry pursed his lips, sighed heavily, and stood up. “You might just have to, sailor. Now if you’ll all excuse me, I have phone calls to make. You stay here. If you try to leave these premises, I will personally throw your sorry ass in a jail cell and throw away the key. Is that clear?”
“Yes, sir!” John put his arm around Dilly, who was pretending to nibble on her daughter’s tiny hand as the baby squealed with delight. I studied the couple. They were definitely more at ease now that they could see some hope on the horizon.
“Why don’t you two stay for dinner? There’s plenty of food and it would be good for Sunny,” I pointed out. “She’s missed her parents.”
“Thanks. We appreciate the offer,” said a relieved father. Dilly said nothing. She was too busy wiping away those tears as she held her daughter to her chest.
I left the trio in the living room and headed into the kitchen. I hadn’t expected to feed four adults, but it was easy enough to stretch things a bit if I made a big salad. Gazing at them from time to time as I chopped celery and peeled carrots and cucumbers at the kitchen counter, I found myself choking up. They belonged together. There had to be a way to make that happen.
Henry sauntered in a few minutes later and grabbed a couple of cherry tomatoes, popping them into his mouth. He gave me a little shake of his head, indicating that there was no answer yet.
“Be patient, Syd. It’s hard to get a hold of folks on the weekend.”
Half an hour later, we were all having desert and coffee at the table, when his phone rang.
“Excuse me,” he told us, standing up and moving into the hallway. He was back before I had a chance to pour another round of coffees. “It’s a go, with one codicil. If anything, and I mean anything, goes bad, if you two screw up in any way, shape, or form, the Department of Justice will prosecute both of you. Got it?”
“Got it,” said John.
“Got it,” said Dilly. She still held Sunny on her lap as she ate, refusing to let go of the child. I was beginning to wonder if the couple would be staying the night. I teetered on the brink of asking them, until I remembered that the neighbors might gossip.
“This is what’s going to happen,” the FBI agent explained to us. “Every Tuesday and Thursday, Syd is going to drive up to Charleston on decorating business, bringing Sunny with her. Admiral Corso’s wife, Jackie, is going to leave the garage door open. You’ll park the van inside, Syd, and Dilly will take the child. You’ll go shopping or whatever for a few hours and then return to the Corso house to pick up Sunny for the ride back to Hilton Head. No one should be the wiser. The admiral will maintain security for the operation in his home, but Dilly shows up for work and stays inside the house at all times. And the Corso children cannot know Sunny is anyone’s child but Syd’s. Can you all handle that?”
“Sure,” I told my husband confidently.
“No problem,” John promised.
“Well?” We all realized Henry was waiting for Dilly to answer him. She nodded, and as she did, I saw her clutch her baby just a little tighter. “Those Corso kids have to believe that Dilly is there to babysit them, too. We can’t risk the peanut gallery telling tales out of school.”
And that’s how we solved the Dilly conundrum. Jackie was thrilled to have a sitter for her kids and Dilly was thrilled to see her daughter twice a week. It was a win-win for both women.
The funny thing was that since I needed a legitimate excuse to be at Jackie’s house, she actually came up with a plan to hook me up with a developer who had started construction on a ten-unit townhouse project on a prestigious, oh-so-historic Charleston street. After a quick walk-through during our initial meeting on Thursday, Lorne Tate hired me to decorate the model.
“I could really use Harvey’s help,” I told Henry when I returned home. “This place is nearly three thousand square feet.”
“No can do, Syd. I don’t want Patsy catching on.”
“But if Harvey was helping me with the townhouse, maybe Patsy would work harder to mess him up. You could catch her in the act.”
“But she could also catch Dilly in the act. Don’t forget that she originally used John and Dilly to snoop on us.”
“So, what if we could get Patsy to use the couple again? Wouldn’t that speed things up?”
“Don’t press your luck, Syd.”
“Henry, Christmas will soon be upon us. You just know that’s going to be torture for Dilly and John. Come on! They’ll want to be there for Sunny’s first visit from Santa!”
“Oh, criminy!” he growled, before stomping off to his office in the enclosed sun porch. He pulled the plantation shutters together and flipped all the slats closed, so I knew he was more than a little aggravated with me.
He emerged forty minutes later, still cranky. “Well, I hope you’re happy with yourself. NCIS has just approved your little scheme. You want the good news first, or the bad?”
“Let’s go with the bad,” I shrugged, wondering just how awful it could be.
“Dilly and John will be separating as husband and wife until this investigation wraps up.”
“What?”
“Can’t have your cake and eat it too, Syd.”
“No way!”
“That’s the deal. What’s more, the agent in charge of the investigation wants me to personally thank you for having such a brilliant idea!”
“Oh, crap on a cracker! You have got to be kidding me!”
“The Corso family will be Dilly’s new landlord. Jackie and George have agreed to rent her the in-law suite.”
“Ducky. What’s the good news?”
“We might just be able to nail Patsy this time around for ordinary criminal charges, rather than as spy, with the help of the real estate developer, who just happens to be ex-Navy and one of George’s golfing buddies. Lorne Tate’s agreed to hook up a security system to monitor the action at the construction site. If we catch Patsy in the act, the Navy can clear Harvey and the bad guys still have no idea we’re onto them. This will give us a bird’s eye view on the game, to see who shows up to take her place once she’s off to jail. 
“Oh, brother! It’s enough to make my head spin!” I sighed.
“Ain’t that the truth? I expect things to get very hot before this mess wraps up.”
We had no way of knowing it at that moment in time, but Henry’s prediction turned out to be right on the mark. Too bad we had to find out the hard way.
Jackie wanted to add the first two Angel Oak Terrace townhouses to the Multiple Listing Service and needed some photos to post. I promised to do a quick staging of the model, enough to entice buyers through the door. With some furniture and accessories loaded into the back of the Town and Country van, I was ready to hit the road bright and early. On the following Tuesday, I dressed Sunny in denim overalls and a fleece jacket for her third excursion to see her mother. I threw a hat with bunny ears on her head, relying heavily on the “cute” factor. If nothing else, Dilly would remember how adorable her daughter was.
Henry put Sunny in her car seat, tweaked her nose affectionately, and then kissed me goodbye, on his way to drop Boondoggle off at the granny villa for the day.
“You girls have a safe trip. Drive carefully.”
“You, too.”
Thankfully, the ride into Charleston was uneventful. No sooner had I pulled the van into the open garage of the Corso home when I heard the rumble of a motor and the automatic door rolled down, even before I had my seatbelt undone. It happened with all the precision of a military operation. Jackie greeted me at the basement door.
“So far, so good. Dilly will be relieved you’re here. She’s been antsy.”
I unbuckled the baby from her car seat as the eager mother called to her child. Dilly came around the side of the van and held out her arms. It was heartwarming to see Sunny respond with a happy gurgle as I handed her over to her mother. They quickly disappeared through the basement door.
“Things seem to be moving in a positive direction, Syd. Dilly seems like a nice young woman. The kids already adore her,” said the realtor.
“I’m glad it’s working out. It will be nice to see the family reunited when this is all over.”
“Amen to that.” Jackie grabbed her briefcase and purse from her sedan parked in the next bay and climbed into the passenger seat. Settling herself in, she pressed the button on the remote and the garage door rose. “Let’s hit the road, Thelma.”
“My pleasure, Louise.”
Once I backed the Chrysler van out, she closed the door before tucking it into a pocket in the leather satchel she carried.
“I’m sure Dilly feels safer now that she’s living with you and George, out of Patsy’s reach.”
“She does. And she’s been a great help around the house. No doubt keeping busy prevents her from fretting over circumstances beyond her control.”
 “Better for her husband, too,” I added. “It’s easier for John to cooperate with the investigation if he’s not worried about his family. He doesn’t have to second-guess the risks.”
“True. George says that woman was pretty ruthless in forcing them to help her. She was able to blackmail them when she found out they weren’t legally married.”
“Not legally married? What does that mean, they’re sort of married?”
“It turns out there was a discrepancy with John’s divorce from his first wife. George says they’ve been working hard to get it resolved, but they can’t find the first wife.”
“I did not know that. Even so, why was that a problem worthy of blackmail?”
“The Navy takes a very dim view of unmarried couples shacking up in base housing and collecting benefits.”
“Oh. Wouldn’t it be awful if the reason Patsy knew they weren’t married was because she knows the first wife?”
“What makes you say that, Syd?” Jackie’s voice took on a curious tone.
“I don’t know. Patsy just seems like such an experienced schemer. She seems to run all the men ragged.”
“It’s possible. Take the next right,” she instructed me. I turned into the private lane and navigated past the construction vehicles lining Angel Oak Terrace. Harvey met us in front of the model home as soon as I parked the Town and Country van curbside.
“Mind if I put my truck in the garage? Gee Bee wants to take a nap and it’s cooler in there.”
“Not at all. Let me open the door for you.” Jackie punched in the code on the lock box for the ground floor entrance. Once the door was unlocked, she swung it open and invited me to follow her in. A moment later, she led me down the narrow hallway to another door. “Here’s the garage, Syd.”
“Handy,” I commented, gazing around the decent-sized space. She lightly tapped a switch on the wall and the overhead door began to rise.
“It’s a must when you live in the historic district. Parking’s hard to find sometimes.”
Harvey rolled his pickup slowly into the garage and stopped it a mere six inches from the wall as we held our breath. We could see Gee Bee beside him in the cab.
“I’ll have to remember to tell people this garage can fit a truck. Good selling feature,” the realtor announced as the automatic door touched back down on the concrete floor.
“Definitely.”
When the handyman climbed out, the dog hopped down and padded after him. Going around to the back, Harvey opened the tailgate.
“Up, girl. Time to take a nap.”
The Rottweiler jumped in and contentedly settled herself on her plaid dog mattress in the flatbed. Harvey gave her a pat on the head on his way back to the cab. Reaching in, he retrieved dog toys, a water dish, and what looked like a stegosaurus bone for her doggie domain.
“Doesn’t that look like fun?” Jackie asked, watching Gee Bee wrap her enormous paws around her toy football.
“The doggie’s got it made in the shade,” I laughed. “Shall we get started?”
The three of us climbed the stairs up to the main living space. Jackie dropped her bag off at the kitchen counter and proceeded to walk us through the rooms on the main floor as we talked about staging.
“What do we do first?” she wondered. I gazed around the open living room, trying to pose the photos in my mind.
“I’d like to start by dressing the windows. That will give us some color.”
Harvey lugged the plastic bin of window treatments into the townhouse and then got to work installing the hardware, while I loaded the antique brass drapery rod with a pair of soft tangerine-colored drapes printed with pomegranates, pineapples, and the occasional bird. I made a trip to the van for a tufted accent chair upholstered in fern green microfiber fabric. Carrying it up the stairs and into the living room, I positioned it next to the fireplace and added a small brass wine stand. Jackie turned on the gas and the flames rose up in the hearth.
“Do you have any artwork, Syd, maybe something colorful for the white walls?”
I flipped through a small bin of framed art prints I brought with me and found a trio of botanicals that would echo the design theme of the drapes. Harvey grabbed some picture hooks, his level, and his hammer. With a pencil, he marked the wall and tapped away.
“Perfect. Let’s move on. How can we emphasize the fact that this is a cook’s kitchen?” 
“I love the backsplash and the quartz counters, Jackie. Let’s get a wide shot that includes the professional range and fridge. I can add a colorful valance over the window by the sink and some accessories, so the place looks homey.”
“Fantastic.” The realtor excused herself to answer a call while Harvey and I got busy setting everything in place. Once it the Majolica rooster pitcher was illuminated inside the glass-front cabinet, the three of us moved upstairs to the master bathroom.
The tub enclosure had watery blue glass subway tiles that matched the stand-alone walk-in shower. They made a colorful backdrop for a staged scene.
“What if I add a couple of fluffy towels, a candle, and a book?” I suggested.
“Anything but Fifty Shades....” Jackie rolled her eyes. I dug through my pile in search of a good prospect. I often scrounged around the local thrift stores to supplement my solid collection of classics at home. Luckily, I had tucked several into the bin before I left.
“For your reading pleasure, madam, I have Sense and Sensibility, Murder on the Orient Express, or Gone with the Wind.”
“We’re in the South, darlin’,” she said, dropping the last consonant as she pretended to fan herself. “Let’s go sexy.”
“Murder, it is,” I teased. “Want a sharp, pointy knife on the side of the tub, too?”
I took a few minutes to prepare the bathroom. A squat cut-glass candleholder and chubby white candle with three wicks would provide a warm glow when lit. I draped a couple of turquoise towels strategically on the side of the tub. Finally, I placed the copy of Gone with the Wind, with its trademark Hollywood-style cover, on top, already planning the camera angle. “It needs a finishing touch, something to pull it all together.”
“A mint julep?” she quipped. Considering my options carefully, I dug into one of my bins and pulled out one of my best flea market finds, a delicately stemmed liqueur glass.
“Will this do?”
“That’s a wasted gesture unless we have some sherry to put in there,” Jackie decided.
“What about a little tea? I’ve got some in my truck,” Harvey suggested, coming to my rescue. “Who will know the difference?”
“Excellent. I like a pretty boy with a good head on his shoulders,” she replied. We both looked up, surprised. Harvey a pretty boy? He seemed to stand a little taller in the afterglow of the compliment from the attractive woman. “Now, people, I need one more photo to show the elegance of the place. What can we do?”
“I love the curve of the banister at the bottom and the turned spindles on the stairs. It’s all rather dramatic with the darker wood, don’t you think?” I led the way back down to the main floor.
“The walls are bland. Do we have time to paint?”
“No, but I have a few ideas to transform the space. How about a porcelain umbrella stand, some wall art, and a bachelor’s chest to add visual interest? If we shoot it from the main floor level, we can capture the grandness of its architecture. It’s all a matter of perspective, isn’t it?”
Harvey grabbed the carved mahogany dresser from the van and placed it alongside the stairs. I centered a decorative porcelain accent lamp on top and plugged it in, before adding a small green ceramic frog and a cut glass bowl to the mix. He went back for the celadon umbrella stand while I rummaged through my bin of artwork. I had three black-and-white 1930’s photos of Hilton Head as a fisherman’s paradise, matted in dusky rose and framed in mahogany. I instructed him to position these on the wall going up.
“Too bad you don’t have an umbrella to stick into that stand,” Jackie said, stepping back to take in the big picture. “It looks empty.”
“Who says I don’t? I borrowed Henry’s favorite on my way out the door.”
“Clever girl. Now, would you like to do the honors with my camera?”

Chapter Fifteen --

Twenty minutes later, I drove Jackie back home. She was anxious to list the property, hoping to have the first nibble from a buyer by the end of the day tomorrow.
“How can folks not be interested in these units, Syd? They have the perfect in-town location, within walking distance of shops, schools, and even a park. If I play my cards right when I market Angel Oak Terrace, all of the townhomes will be snapped up even before they’re completed,” she confided.
“Let’s hope so,” I laughed, marveling at her determination. “I’m off to find some treasures for the townhouse. See you in a bit.”
 Driving down Wentworth Street, I turned onto Lockwood on my way to I-26. Traffic was flowing at this time of day, so I settled back and enjoyed the ride. I went to a furniture consignment shop in North Charleston, hoping to discover a few bargains that would help to inspire the decor for the model home. I found a French country console table, painted green, as well as a slip-covered sofa, a pair of lamps, and even a patio set for the back deck. I haggled with the shop owner and agreed to buy the items for ten percent less than the ticket prices. Harvey would swing by in a day or two and pick them up with his truck. It was one of the nicer perks of having a handyman on my team.
I stopped at the local Subway on my way back for a Chicken Cordon Bleu Melt foot-long for Harvey and a Tuscan Chicken Melt for myself. I added a couple of sodas to my bill.
We ate the subs while we stood at the kitchen island, kicking around plans for the model. I decided to do an accent wall in the master bedroom and some damask stenciling in the first floor powder room. I also wanted to add some wainscoting to the walls in the ground floor office space.
“I think they’re making a mistake using that room for the sales office,” Harvey informed me.
“Why’s that?” I wiped some sauce from my chin and took a sip of my Diet Coke.
“Well, for one thing, it’s a cave-like space, with only one miserable excuse for a window. It’s barely twelve feet by twelve feet, so by the time you move in all the furniture, it will feel very confining.”
He did have a point. At the moment, it was little more than a dark dungeon, requiring a lot of work to turn it into a cheerful, family-friendly space. “Go on.”
“Consider how open the living room, kitchen, and dining area are. If you bring potential buyers up here and sit them down, you give them the chance to spend time in the main living space. They get the feel of the place. If you shove them into a small basement room crammed with desks, they’ll want to flee.” It was hard to ignore his sincerity. Harvey certainly had strong feelings about the place. I wondered if his views were shaped by his prison confinement, after the bar fight. “You agree with me, don’t you?”
Ah, there it was -- that “you’re either with me or you’re against me” attitude that was so likely to result in trouble for the headstrong handyman.
“Actually, you’ve given me a really good idea, Harvey. I think I’ll set up display areas for the sales people throughout the townhouse.”
“But you’re going to put the office in the basement room?”
“It’s what the builder wants.”
“The man’s an idiot.”
“How so?”
“That storage room right behind it is wasted space. He could have added that to the finished square footage on the ground level. It would have made a killer media room.”
“Creative,” I nodded.
“So, you agree with me. The guy blew it.” Talk about stubborn. Harvey really was a piece of work. I changed the subject.
“I ran Martha the other day. She asked me to tell you that you were right about that gerbil, whatever the heck that means.”
“I knew he was bad news for her! What did he do, go back to his wife?”
“We’re talking about John Timulty?”
“He was just using her. She’s got to stop falling for jerks like that!” he declared. “They’re unworthy.”
“Gee, sounds like you’ve done some thinking on the subject.”
“You get a woman like Martha, never married, and when she hits the end of her thirties, she starts to settle for any sweet-talker....” I could see where this conversation was headed. No doubt Harvey would treat me to a long diatribe on relations between men and women if I didn’t head this off right away. Choosing the lesser of the two evils, I stuffed my wrapper into the plastic bag, grabbed my soda cup, and pointed in the direction of the stairs.
“Let’s go take a look at that space. I have an idea.”
Unfinished, but framed up, the storage area was nearly the same size as the completed room. I noticed a couple of electrical outlets already installed on two of the walls. The builder probably threw those in for the homeowner who wanted a workshop. That would save us a bundle in electrician’s fees. If this was finished, it would almost double the square footage of usable space. The problem was it had no window for natural light and the floor was concrete. Removing the entire wall to open up the two rooms was more than I wanted to do.
“How complicated would it be for the builder to add a set of interior glass doors here?” I asked him.
“Not hard at all. Why?”
“Here’s what I’m thinking. This storage area becomes the office. We ask the builder to finish the floor and walls, create a built-in desk space with stock cabinets and a countertop. I want to make the other space into a media room. The first thing people see when they walk into this house from the street is the killer home theater.”
“Much, much better use of the space,” Harvey concurred.
“Now I just have to convince Lorne it’s the way to go. It ups the budget slightly, but I think it will be worth it. I’m going to make it feel so warm and comfy, people won’t want to leave. They’ll forget there aren’t windows and be mesmerized by the atmosphere. We’ll use soffits in both rooms to hide the wiring for lighting.”
“Tell me what you want, boss, and I’ll make it happen.”
As soon as I finished scribbling down all the notes on the proposed changes, Harvey and I headed to the main floor to paint. I sequestered myself in the powder room; he took on the dining area.
Just after three-thirty, I bid my assistant farewell for the day. I needed some time to sit down with Jackie and go over the plan for the new office before the long drive back to Hilton Head. Ten minutes into it, she loved the idea so much, she wanted us to confer with Lorne immediately and get his approval. We arranged to meet him at the site and walk him through the concept.
Short and squat, with a face that looked like it had run into the back of a tractor trailer, the experienced businessman rarely wasted time on chitchat. He came through the door like a gale force wind.
“So, we’re losing the storage room,” he said brusquely.
“But we’re gaining a functional sales office, and when you’re ready to sell this unit, it becomes an attractive upgrade,” Jackie pointed out.
“How much money are we talking?” he wanted to know. I gave him the rundown, including the details on special lighting, home theater seating, and a wall-mounted TV in the media room. “Sounds good, ladies. Let’s do the works, right down to the fancy sound system and the big screen. I want buyers salivating to get their hands on this place. We can offer it as an option for all the units.”
Before he blew out the door, Lorne asked me to make this a priority job. That meant committing to a two-hour drive every morning and another every afternoon, until the project was finished. I figured it was a small price to pay, especially if it helped to wrap up the investigation that much sooner.
Jackie was as excited as I was by the idea of expanding the usable space on the ground floor with a finished office. She saw huge potential as a real estate agent.
“These townhouses are already a good compromise between the expensive single family homes in historic Charleston and the newly built units on the outskirts of the city. With the addition of the media room and home office on the ground floor, it’s an even sweeter deal.”
Harvey was even more thrilled about it, especially when he found out we were supposed to go “whole hog”. Lorne promised to send one of his men to work his magic on the basement. Ben would put down radiant heating under a floating floor. I suggested basement-grade cork as a relatively inexpensive, but attractive choice, especially considering its noise-dampening qualities for the media room. Ben and Harvey would install the drywall and cabinets, and then Harvey would handle the rest on his own.
When I finally retrieved my sleepy little ward from her mother’s care, it was nearly five. We ran into a lot of city traffic on the main routes, so I opted to snake the van through the Charleston side streets until I hit the entrance to the interstate highway. Another half hour of heavy roadway congestion kept us moving slowly, but it finally let up and I was able to make up for some of the lost time. I brainstormed ideas as I drove, talking out loud to Sunny about potential options. She was a very good listener, offering tiny grunts, ranging from “ug” to “ah” to “em”, with the occasional “um-um-um-um” thrown in for good measure.
I explained the new plans for the model townhouse to Henry at dinner. He was very pleased, seeing lots of potential in all the extra hours Harvey and I would spend on the work site. We kicked it around and then headed for the granny villa, where we kicked it around some more. The Hartman ladies were more than happy to continue watching Sunny on the days when I had no sitter.
First thing the following morning, I showered, dressed, and hit the road just after seven, as Henry and Sunny were bonding over breakfast. By quarter after nine, I was meeting with Lorne’s general contractor on the job, arranging to have a lighting designer come in to advise us on the soffit situation and an audio designer on the speakers. After the meeting, Harvey went upstairs to roll color on the walls of the smallest bedroom while I stenciled.
By the end of the work day, we had made significant progress, with two more bedrooms painted. I left at four-thirty, pulling into the Shell Ring Lane parking lot just shy of two hours later. Henry, Sunny, and I went out for a quick bite to eat and a stroll. When I flopped into bed just after ten, I was wiped out. Henry nudged me when he crawled into bed at eleven.
“Hi, stranger,” he whispered in my ear. He wrapped his arms around me and pulled me close. “Have we met?”
“Mmm....” I replied groggily.
“Get plenty of rest, Sleeping Beauty. Prince Charming’s taking you out this weekend,” was the last thing I remembered hearing as I drifted off.
As the week passed, I adjusted to the routine of a two-hour commute each way. I made a habit of stopping for breakfast in Burton, grabbing a coffee and a quick bite before getting back on the road on the days I traveled alone. When Sunny came with me, I ate at home and carried a stainless steel travel mug with me, fueling up on a second cup on my way out the door.
Henry was as good as his word when Saturday rolled around. Faith and Sam volunteered for baby duty, and who were we to turn them down? But before we could sit down for that long-overdue romantic dinner, it was time for a little shopping. Since we couldn’t risk having Henry spotted anywhere near Charleston, just in case Patsy got suspicious, I settled for a trip to Savannah.
“Do we have to?” Henry wanted to know.
“I need your opinion,” I smiled.
 “Is it because I have such a fine sense of style?” He gave me a grin.
“No, it’s because you have so much experience sprawling out to watch a big game, and I expect you to recognize the perfect home theater seating when you sit in it.”
We spent the better part of three hours bouncing between retail and discount furniture stores in Savannah, checking a variety of seats with and without cup holders. We measured and re-measured sofas and recliners. And, when we thought we could shop no more, we stumbled on a Pallister trio of semi-attached seats that were both comfortable and functional.
“This is the one, Syd. The recliner function is good, and I like the way it lets me go all the way back. There is plenty of padding and cushioning, too. It’s a real winner.”
“Hurray!” I eagerly pulled out my business credit card, made arrangements for pick-up in five days, and we were ready for our date at last.
Henry had made a reservation at Garibaldi’s Cafe for six-thirty. We took advantage of the twenty-minute wait to wander hand-in-hand along West Congress Street, peering into shop windows in one of Savannah’s historic areas. It had been a long time since he and I had done anything as a couple, especially something romantic, and I enjoyed myself as we poked here and there. It was nice to have a pleasant conversation about anything other than babies, spies, and communications cable.
At the appointed hour, we arrived on the doorstep of 315. We were soon seated at a table in a corner that afforded us a grand view of the dining room, with its decorated ceilings and antique chandeliers. The ambience was lovely. As I sat there, watching my husband chow down on Dungeness crab clusters and crispy flounder, it occurred to me that ever since Sunny had come to live with us, Henry and I had had little time for our relationship.
“This was a good idea,” I told him. “I’ve missed you.”
“I’ve missed you, too.” He took my hand in his as he eyed my saffron seafood pot. “Are you going to eat that last bit of clam?”
“What’s it worth to you?”
“I was considering asking you to split an Almond Joy chocolate torte.”
“I’m in,” I grinned. I finished the last of my gin and tonic. “Sunny’s taught us a lot about being parents, hasn’t she?”
“She has. Too bad we have to give her back soon.”
“At least we know we’ll be pretty good at it when we do have our own batch of kiddies. We’ll just have to remember to schedule our weekly date night. We should never forget what brought us together in the first place.”
“What? Organized crime?”
“Aren’t you funny!” I replied, rolling my eyes.
“I am, and I’m looking forward to passing these genes along to the next generation of junior wise acres.”
“Oh, my,” I sighed. “I’m trying to imagine a smaller version of you. Good thing we have the Hartman ladies, for those times I’m at my wit’s end. I’m clearly going to need all the help I can get.”
“You can say that again,” he laughed gleefully.

Chapter Sixteen --

We brought some of that feel-good magic home with us. The rest of the weekend flew by in a flurry of family activities, and by Monday morning, I was dragging myself to the van for the two-hour drive to Charleston with the enthusiasm of a patient on the way to the dentist’s office for a root canal procedure. As I tossed my briefcase and purse onto the passenger seat, I heard a woman calling to me.
“Syd!”
“Hey, Martha,” I waved to the physical therapist as I started the engine. She approached with an overly cheerful expression that made me think it was no accident she happened to see me on my way to the van so early in the morning.
“Listen, I made some zucchini bread last night and I wanted you to have a loaf.”
“Did you? How nice,” I smiled, knowing full well that I was not really the intended recipient.
“It’s great with a cup of coffee or tea,” she informed me.
“Perfect for break time,” I nodded. “I think I’ll bring it to work with me and share it with Harvey.”
“Oh, let him know I said hi,” was the response.
“Will do,” I promised the romantically inclined baker.
“Tell him he should stop by some time when he’s in the neighborhood. I’d love to see him.”
I’ll just bet you would. It was a struggle to keep a straight face, but I succeeded. I put the white Town and Country with the Sydney Stansfield Interiors logo in reverse and carefully backed out of my parking space as I snickered, imagining Harvey’s face when I offered him a thick slice of the aromatic delight. Oh, this ought to be fun.
The sweet cake filled the van with the scent of cinnamon, vanilla and raisins, and I had all I could do not to rip open the Saran wrapper and break off a piece as I drove. By the time I got to Bluffton, my resistance was weaker, but I fought it hard by gripping the wheel with two hands and reminding myself that this was a noble sacrifice. I stopped for breakfast at a Dunkin Donuts in Hardeeville, grabbing an egg sandwich and a cup of hazelnut-flavored coffee at the drive-up window. Pulling over to the parking lot, I scooted out of the driver’s seat, grabbed that ridiculously tempting zucchini bread, and tossed it into my tote bag, which I deposited out of reach in the very back of the van. Come on, Syd. Remember this is for Harvey, not you. Don’t stand in the way of love.
Traffic was heavy in Charleston as I made my way across the city. I worked the brake pedal as the conga line of cars grew longer. Finally, once I reached Lockwood Drive, I relaxed. A few streets later, I was on Angel Oak Terrace. Pulling into the quiet lane, I spotted the signs of progress everywhere I looked. A concrete mixer was parked at the curb, churning out the muddy mix for the sidewalks at Three and Four Angel Oak Terrace. Several members of the crew were busy framing up the fifth and sixth units. I parked my van out of harm’s way on the temporary dirt parking pad over by the excavated basement for the last unit. This was sure to be a busy construction day and I didn’t want any dings or dents marking up my spiffy Sydney Stansfield Interiors decorator-mobile.
I grabbed my gear from the back of the van, including the tote with the zucchini bread, and made my way down the newly paved lane to the entry of the model home, greeting a couple of the workmen as they passed me with a truss.
“Whoo-hoo! Raise a roof, boys!”
“Anything for you, doll,” said the fifty-something carpenter bringing up the rear.
I could hear banging in the storage room as I let myself in. Harvey was officially in the building. It was only a matter of time before the fun would begin. No need to rush it. Climbing the stairs to the kitchen, I breathed a sigh of relief when I finally deposited Martha’s plastic-wrapped package on the quartz counter. Temptation averted.
“Hey, boss,” said a voice behind me. “I thought I heard you come in. I’ve got the electrician coming in a half an hour to install the lights downstairs. You want to just check the soffits to make sure I marked them correctly?”
“Sure, I’d be happy to take a look,” I glanced over at the unsuspecting man and smiled innocently. “By the way, I ran into Martha first thing this morning.”
“You did?” He tried hard to hide his interest, but I saw a glimmer in his eyes as he reacted to her name.
“I did.” I shared Martha’s message with Harvey, who took a long, hungry look at the zucchini bread sitting there on that slab of colorful stone. He licked his lips, salivating. Was he trying to figure out how long he had to wait before he actually got to break off a piece and eat it, or was it the woman who baked it who stirred his appetite?
“That was nice of her to send that along,” he decided at last, nodding a few times, even as he continued to study that baked delicacy.
“Wasn’t it?” I agreed, turning away to hide my smirk. Chalk one up for Martha. Patsy might be a manipulative man-eater who used sex to yank my hairy Neanderthal handyman around, but there was something to be said for a smart woman who offered him real sustenance. Oh, yes. Harvey Poulin was interested in Martha Stenkill. Judging from the happy tune he whistled as he headed back down to the ground floor to show me the soffits, I’d bet the farm on it.
The walls of the media room sported a fresh coat of cream paint, the crown molding and wainscoting a warmer caramel color. Harvey led me around the room, pointing out the placements for the soffit lights. They would be installed on a ledge six inches below the ceiling, half of them pointing up, the other half down, to keep the room feeling daylight-bright. There would also be hidden rope lighting along the edges that could be dimmed during TV watching.
“Nice. I like it,” I told him.
“I do too.”
Harvey showed me how he had used some of the remaining wainscoting to panel the upper portion of the wall where the mounted TV would go. It looked like a high-end custom job.
“The lights arrived last week,” he told me. We opened the boxes and inspected the frosted glass sconces that would be installed on either side of the enormous screen.
“This is going to look amazing,” I told Harvey. “It’s classy, but cozy.”
“This is the TV. Jason is coming back after the electrician gets done, to install the sound system. The speakers will go here...here...and here.” He jabbed a finger in the air, aiming for the ceiling.
“Very good.”
I poked my head into the newly transformed home office. It looked fabulous. Floor-to-ceiling cabinets and open shelving were painted in the same trim color as the media room. They offered plenty of storage. An L-shaped desk in the same finish provided a place for Jackie or one of her sales associates to write up offers. Here the wall was painted a warm melon color. The dark cork flooring offered a nice contrast to the lighter finishes.
“This might be one of my favorite design projects of all time,” I decided. It was true. I couldn’t wait to add the art and accessories. The glass panels of the interior doors had been frosted, not only to provide privacy, but also to add visual interest.
“You definitely hit this one out of the park, boss. It’s a home run.” High praise indeed, considering Harvey’s status as a baseball nut.
The electrician arrived as I was telling my handyman about the home theater seating I ordered during the shopping trip to Savannah.
“Hello, folks. I’m Joey. Lorne sent me to do some wiring.”
“Well, gentlemen, I’ll leave you to it,” I said, excusing myself. “I’ll be upstairs if you need me.”
Two and a half hours later, Harvey buzzed me on my cell phone. “We’re done here, Syd. Come take a look.”
“I’ll be right down.”
He removed the industrial work lights from the media room and home office, while Joey finished connecting the new lights to the circuit box in the mechanicals room. When the electrician finally emerged and flipped a wall switch, the home theater came to life. He turned on the television and then moved through the function buttons for the lights, turning off the wall sconces and then the soffit uplights and downlights. At last, there was just the soft line of rope lights reflecting off the ceiling as we watched Ginger Rogers and Jimmy Stewart fall madly in love during a TCM commercial for “Vivacious Lady”.
“Nice,” Joey acknowledged. “This is one of the smallest media rooms I’ve ever done, but it works.”
“It will be even better when the sound guy finishes,” Harvey decided. I could tell he was proud of all his work, and rightly so.
After the electrician left, we agreed to work on the bedrooms. I took a quick glance at that zucchini bread as I passed the kitchen on the way up the second flight of stairs. Oh, yes. Harvey nibbled on the bait. Excellent. Martha’s got a shot at this love thing.
The accent furniture I ordered online had arrived and was sitting unassembled in the middle of the master bedroom. Harvey promised to tackle it right after he returned from a run to Home Depot to buy hardware brackets for the upholstered headboard I had made.
“I’ll grab us some lunch. Burger King okay?”
“Sure. Can you pick me up a grilled chicken salad?”
Gee Bee went with him in the truck, no doubt expecting him to slip her a couple of junior Whoppers for being a good girl. I spent the next hour hemming and trimming the window treatment for the master bathroom, hunched over my sewing machine in my temporary workshop in the smallest of the bedrooms. It didn’t take long for trouble to find me.
“Where are my scissors?” I wondered, needing to clip threads. I fumbled through my sewing kit without any luck. “Maybe Harvey borrowed them.”
They were nowhere to be found in any of the places my handyman frequented and I was too busy stitching to want to continue to hunt for them. I’d wait to ask him upon his return. I pulled out a pair of folding scissors I keep in my purse. A snip here, a snip there, and I was moving forward again. One valance down and three to go, I reminded myself. Even as I sat there, I thought about that zucchini bread and wondered if it tasted as good as its aroma suggested.
With the needle of the machine bobbing up and down, I didn’t immediately notice the sound in the hallway. Were those footsteps on the stairs? Pausing briefly, my hands spread out on my fabric, I glanced towards the door.
“Jackie, is that you?”
The footsteps stopped. Was that whispering I heard?
“Is someone there?” I called out. I heard a muffled noise. It almost sounded like a snicker. Rising quickly, my hand felt for my personal alarm, and I got my finger ready to press it. Outside, I didn’t hear any hammering. Had the workmen all departed for their lunch break? Was I really all alone?
Crossing to the doorway, I stepped into the hallway and came face to face with two women.
“I’m sorry. The model isn’t ready for showing yet,” I told them politely, stepping forward to escort them back downstairs.
“We’re not here for the house tour,” said the shorter of the two. She stood barely five feet tall and couldn’t have weighed more than a hundred pounds dripping wet. Her big blue eyes were cold and calculating as they observed me and her short, frosted curls twitched when she took a step in my direction. She was wearing black from head-to-toe, including four-inch spiked heels that made her seem taller than she really was. My first thought was that she was going to gouge the hardwood floors. She really should have taken those boots off when she entered. Lorne would have a fit if he knew about this. My second was that she was holding a gun and it was pointed right at my belly. What was going on? Why was she wearing gloves?
“Can I help you?” I demanded in the most authoritative voice I could muster, given that my throat suddenly constricted with fear. I pushed that panic button as I uttered those words.
“I don’t think so,” said the second woman, also wearing black. Her eyes were dark and menacing, ringed by black liner, with heavy green shadowing. Her lips were sharply defined by mauve lipstick. Her raven hair was slicked back into a tight bun. Very theatrical. She looks like a high-priced call girl for an executive wanting a matinee love session. She leaned towards me, and as she did, I noticed she had a sharp and pointy object in her hand. It looked like a pair of scissors -- sewing shears to be exact, similar to the pair I was missing.
“What do you want?” I asked, knowing I was on a fool’s errand. “This is private property.”
“Yes, I know,” said the tall woman. “You must be Sydney. My boyfriend has told us so much about you.”
Could this be Patsy? What was she doing here?
“Harvey’s not here at the moment,” I replied, hoping I hadn’t given away my fear. Maybe if I pretend not to notice they are armed and dangerous, they’ll just go away. “He should be back shortly.”
“I know. And when he returns, we’ll have quite a surprise for him.” She sounded positively gleeful.
There was a slight commotion on the stairs as I heard Harvey’s heavy work boots hit the treads, followed by Gee Bee’s giant paws.
“Syd? Are you up there? I thought I saw my girlfriend’s car parked down the street! Syd?”
“Don’t come up here,” I warned him, even as the tiny blonde waved the gun in my face. “They’ve got weapons!”
“What?”
“Shut up, you cow!” Patsy hissed at me. She was already scrambling down the stairs. “Harvey, my darling!”
“What’s going on here?” he demanded, confused by the sight of Patsy launching herself at him.
“Should I shoot her now?” the blonde called down to her accomplice as I stood frozen with terror. Whoa! Was she talking about a plan to shoot me? For a fraction of a second, she turned her attention to the scene downstairs, and I took that as an opportunity. With a mighty shove, I sent her flying over the railing, to the landing below. The sound of her frightened shriek filled the air momentarily and then there was a thud. Peering over the railing, I saw her twisted body on the floor by the dining area, her muscles twitching. Harvey and Patsy were nowhere to be seen.
Dashing down the steps in double time, I made my way towards the gun that now lay just a few feet from the bottom of the stairs and picked it up, too aware of the cold, hard metal in the palm of my hand. I could hear scuffling sounds around the corner, so I hurried to find my handyman. Gee Bee was now barking frantically at the top of the landing, and as I moved past her on my way down to the ground floor, I could see Harvey was trying to extract the scissors from Patsy’s determined hands.
The Rottweiler, suddenly emboldened by her sense of team camaraderie as I joined her in the fight, shot past me and leaped at her master’s attacker. She clamped down on one of Patsy’s arms and yanked, even as the woman screamed in agony. Unfortunately, it was not the hand holding the scissors, and as the dog battled to save her owner, Patsy struck. With one fierce swipe, she plunged the blades deep into Gee Bee’s neck, pulled them out, and then thrust the weapon hard into Harvey’s chest. The sound of metal going into flesh and bone was horrible, but it was nothing compared to the noise when it was extracted. And then Patsy stabbed him again and again, as I stood there, stunned.
“No!” I cried, my fingers fumbling with the gun. Where was that damned trigger? “Drop it or I’ll shoot!”
Patsy glanced my way, and as she did, I saw a look of smug satisfaction on her face. The gun didn’t scare her one bit. It was as if she knew something I didn’t. That’s when I sensed a presence behind me. All the training Henry had given me after the attack by my ex-husband was about to pay off big time. I whirled around, even as I lifted my left leg in preparation, and as soon as I found myself facing that furtive blonde, I kicked her so hard, she hit the stairs with a thud we all heard.
And by all, I mean the workmen who burst through the entry door with guns drawn. Even as they were subduing the vicious vixens and tending to the barely conscious Harvey, they were tracking the action. A moment later, uniformed officers from the Charleston Police Department were on the scene, calling for an ambulance for the injured man, trying to stem the flow of blood from his gushing wound. A cop checked the blonde’s contusions, decided she was fit enough to ride in the cruiser, and then carefully cuffed her for the perp walk to the curb.
“Gee Bee!” I rushed to the bleeding dog. Was it too late? “Somebody, help me!”

Chapter Seventeen --

“Syd!” It was Henry. What was he doing here? Why wasn’t he in Bluffton? What a relief it was to see him. “Are you okay?”
“We’ve got to get her to the vet’s!”
“Okay, okay. Take a deep breath,” he instructed me. “Slow it down, babe. We’re still sorting things out here.”
“Henry, the dog is going to die if we don’t get her treatment!”
Carefully moving me out of the way, he bent down to attend to the injured Gee Bee. “Where’s your van, Syd? Grab your keys and we’ll take her to the vet hospital.”
I forced my way through the crowd of cops, scrambling up the stairs to retrieve my purse from the kitchen and down again.
“Just give me a minute,” I told Henry, heading out the door. Making my way to the parking area, I stumbled up into the seat and somehow managed to start the Town and Country van. I backed out, put it in gear, and pulled up to the curb, just as the ambulance was arriving for my handyman. Henry, minus his shirt, jumped into the back with the unconscious dog and settled on the floor, still pressing the once blue cotton oxford cloth against the wound. By now, his dress shirt was a bloody mess. He reached into one of my plastic bins and took out a couple of yards of cotton fabric, and held it to the Rottweiler’s neck, even as he worked his Smartphone. 
“Drive, Syd. I’ll give you the directions as we go,” he promised.
I somehow navigated the streets of Charleston despite knees that felt boneless and hands that were icy cold. Ten minutes later, we pulled into the parking lot of the 24-hour emergency animal hospital. Two vet technicians were waiting for us, and they rushed the dog into a treatment room, while the assistant at the front desk began the process of paperwork. Frustrated and frantic, I urged her to hurry. Time was of the essence. One look at Henry’s red-stained clothing drove home the point.
 “We can’t officially treat the dog until the agreement is signed,” she informed me. “It will just be a moment.”
Five minutes later, she presented the printed estimate. It was all itemized with the likely procedures, medications, and treatment costs. I took one look at the long list of numbers and my brain went numb. Could that really be the tally to treat Gee Bee? And then I remembered how the dog leaped to Harvey’s rescue. She had tried to defend her master and was stabbed in the process. How could I possibly tell him that I was too cheap to save his dog? Suck it up, Syd, and do the right thing. I pulled out my business credit card and slapped it on the counter.
“Bill me,” I instructed her.
The minutes seemed to creep along as we sat in the waiting room. When I could stand it no longer, I begged my husband to see if there was any news. Henry started making phone calls and managed to get an update on Harvey from one of the cops at the hospital. My handyman was still in surgery at MUSC, but at least he was alive. There was reason to hope.
“Make sure they call Harvey’s father and stepmother,” I insisted, leaning in as Henry talked on his cell phone. “We don’t want them to hear about it on the news.”
“Already taken care of, love. They’re on their way to the hospital as we speak.”
One of the vet technicians appeared twenty minutes later, to inform us that the dog was stitched up and sedated. It appeared that she would survive. The vet confirmed this when he came into the waiting room a short while later.
“Nasty wound,” he told us. “It was touch and go until I was able to suture the deepest cut closed. The dog lost quite a bit of blood. Who did this to her?”
“Nasty woman,” I replied, “determined to kill her master. The dog was trying to protect him.”
Even as I said it, my thoughts were on Harvey. Would he be as lucky as Gee Bee? I wanted Patsy to go to jail, but not for murder. Attempted murder would do just fine.
We stayed a little while longer at the vet hospital, until Gee Bee was in the canine recovery room and breathing on her own. Patting the semi-conscious pooch gently, I said a silent prayer. If Harvey did survive his wounds, I would be able to tell him we were there for his dog when she woke up, even when he couldn’t be.
“Why don’t we stop by the hospital and check on Harvey before we head home?” my husband suggested, putting an arm around my shoulder as he guided me out the door.
The aftershocks of my emotional earthquake started slowly, unperceived at first. Night fell upon us like a thick, black blanket, further dulling my already numbed senses. Henry took the wheel of the Town and Country van, finding his way along the dimly lit, unfamiliar Charleston streets. He snagged a parking spot a couple of blocks from MUSC and fed quarters into the meter to take us past witching hour of six o’clock. We walked over to Ashley Street.
The overly bright lights of the hospital corridor taxed my eyes as I was led to through the maze of congested hallways. I wasn’t ready for the hustle and bustle as people came and went about their business. I just wanted to curl up in a ball and roll myself into a dark corner, away from the cruel world.
“Are you okay, Syd?” I heard the concern in my husband’s voice, but I didn’t really have an answer for him. Maybe it’s not the knowing that’s so hard; it’s the not knowing. I didn’t want Harvey to die. It just wouldn’t be fair.
A flock of uniformed officers were positioned in the hallway, guarding the prisoners and the victim. Patsy was being treated for minor bruises and contusions. One of the cops told us she actually had the audacity to try to claim that Harvey attacked her and she was just trying to defend herself. Her friend, Maria Della Vecchia, had a fractured coccyx and a mild concussion. It looked like the blonde would be spending a lot of time sitting on a donut pillow in her jail cell for the next several weeks. Witnesses had seen her aim the handgun at me, so the case was fairly cut and dried.
There was no news about Harvey’s condition. I stayed in the family lounge with the Poulins while Henry went off to chat with colleagues about the case. Sebastian paced, his anxiety ebbing and flowing as the second hand of the oversized wall clock ticked on. Lidia tried to convince him everything would be okay, but she wasn’t really as confident as she pretended. Every once in a while, the mask would slip and she would wipe away a tear. We huddled together on the settee, waiting, wondering, and worrying. Henry returned with a tray of coffees from the cafeteria, looking like a man who believed in happy endings. Judging from his relaxed expression, there had been significant progress for the law enforcement end of things. Maybe the same would hold true for the medical situation. When he extended his hand and offered me a cardboard cup, I accepted the gift gratefully. With every sip, I felt more like my old self.
“Mr. and Mrs. Poulin,” said a brusque young woman just after seven o’clock. “I’m Dr. Matlin, the surgeon who operated on your son. I just want to go over the patient’s condition with you. Why don’t we go sit down in the conference room?”
“Oh....” Lidia went pale, a hand on her chest. I stepped forward to prop her up and she seemed to hold on to me for dear life. “Can our friends join us?”
“That’s up to you,” Dr. Matlin replied. Lidia didn’t answer. She just clutched my hand and shuffled forward, dragging me with her. Sebby and Henry followed us into the long, narrow room, where we all sat at the table. The woman in hospital scrubs picked a chair at the head of the table, clearly defining her position in the conversation. We clustered around her in the remaining chairs.
“Okay. Let’s go over the extent of the injuries,” the physician began. She flicked the switch on a light box on the wall behind her, to illuminate an x-ray of Harvey’s chest and show us where the scissors chipped his clavicle.
“Oh, dear,” the stepmother whimpered, horrified at the thought. Sebby put his arm around her as the surgeon continued to describe the wounds, including a collapsed lung. She told us it took almost eighty stitches to close the gashes inflicted by Patsy’s stabbing frenzy. The Poulins were dismayed by the revelations, but Dr. Matlin insisted that he would recover eventually. Infection was a big risk for the moment, but the surgery team had pumped Harvey full of antibiotics as a precaution. He might need further surgery and he would certainly need physical therapy to regain range of motion in his shoulder. You should call Martha. She’d want to know about Harvey’s condition. And she could comfort Sebby and Lidia, too.
Ten minutes later, we were allowed to step into the room where the patient was resting. Hooked up to wires and tubes, his head elevated on his hospital bed, Harvey looked pale, almost lifeless.
“Five minutes,” said Dr.Matlin, urging caution, “no more. He needs to rest.”
“Son,” said Sebby, his voice cracking as he took Harvey’s left hand in his, “Lidia and I are here.”
“Pop,” came the groggy reply. The machine beeped rhythmically in the background.
“Oh, Harvey,” Lidia sniffed, gazing at her stepson with tears in her eyes. “Don’t you dare die on us!”
There was a long silence as we stood looking down at the injured man, hoping for another sign that everything was going to be okay. At last he roused himself briefly, licking his dry lips, and spoke.
“Not going anywhere,” he mumbled. “Stuck with me.”
I took that as my cue, and shared the news about Gee Bee, promising him that she was in good hands. The moment he had his answer, his eyelids fluttered a few times, he moaned, and then he went back to sleep.
Henry and I left right after that, knowing we still had a two-hour drive ahead of us. The Poulins accompanied us down to the street. Sebby had booked a room at the Hampton Inn just a short distance from the hospital, so he and Lidia could be available at a moment’s notice if Harvey’s condition changed. We walked them to their car before bidding them farewell. Three blocks away, I handed Henry the keys to the van.
“Do you mind driving?” I asked. I was beginning to ache all over from the pummeling I had taken back at the townhouse. My muscles were stiff and sore, and I felt like an old lady in need of a cane. Maybe one of the Hartman ladies could loan me one.
“I’m leaving my car at Angel Oak Terrace overnight, babe. I’ll ride in with you tomorrow morning and retrieve it,” Henry informed me. “I’ve got to interview Harvey and write the incident report. By the way, we had an undercover agent monitoring the live feed in the construction office, but unfortunately, he stepped out to respond to some kind of distraction. It turned out to be a friend of Patsy’s, staging a scene for the construction crew. The woman struck a fire hydrant on the corner with her car and all the guys went running down there to see if she was injured. That’s when Patsy and Maria made their move.”
“Does that mean Patsy knew there was surveillance set up on the townhouse?” I wondered.
“Probably. When you hit the panic button, it triggered the alarm to our response team, and they notified the agent. He grabbed a couple of construction guys to back him up.” 
“That explains why the workmen rushed in carrying weapons.”
“It gets better. Guess who Patsy’s friends are.”
“I give up.” It was true. I was completely drained of energy, and my brain couldn’t seem to focus.
“Maria Della Vecchia, the tiny blonde terror, is married to Chester, another sailor on that same crew that set Harvey up. And the friend who staged the scene to distract the workers? Her name is Rosa Cardinale.”
“Interesting,” I decided. “It’s a chick thing. Femme fatales who force their sailor husbands to commit crimes against the Navy.”
“It gets better. Rosa’s got a history with someone you know.” I could tell from the way he said those words that he was enjoying himself.
“Who might that be?” I asked, playing along.
“John. She happens to be the missing first wife, who apparently married him under her alias, Fernanda Pietra, which makes his marriage....”
His voice trailed off, even as I waited for him to finish his sentence. What was the rest of that? And then it dawned on me.
“Null and void!” I answered, feeling the excitement rising in me. “What does that mean for John and Dilly?”
“Legally speaking, if the paperwork is properly filled out and filed, he is officially Dilly’s husband.”
“Awesome!” I leaned over and gave Henry a kiss on the cheek. “Yay!”
“There’s still a lot to sort out, and the devil is in the details. Patsy had a plan when she went to the townhouse.”
“What kind of a plan?”
“It was no coincidence she went after Harvey with those scissors, babe. In case you didn’t notice, they were yours, from your sewing kit.”
“My scissors? The ones I thought I had misplaced?” No wonder the women were wearing gloves.
“And the gun that Maria carried? That was Harvey’s, only this time there were real bullets in it. Patsy and her pal planned to kill you and Harvey. It was supposed to look like the fall guy attacked you and you fought back.”
“What?” I was stunned. “Why?”
“John came clean on the whole shebang last week. When Rosa showed up to claim she and John were still married, he freaked out. The last thing he wanted was to be labeled a bigamist by the Navy. Dilly’s reputation was on the line. So was Sunny’s. He didn’t want people thinking his daughter was illegitimate. John pointed the finger at Harvey to hide Chester’s role in giving Patsy’s crew access to the cable while it was still in the warehouse. John figured that since Harvey was already in trouble for his erratic behavior, there was no real harm in playing along. He didn’t realize Harvey was set up to look like a nut job, or that the sailors were duped into marriage in foreign ports and then coerced into cooperating with their operation to thwart specific naval operations. The three scheming women needed the Navy to stop investigating the communications cable theft.”
“That must mean this is officially back to being the Navy’s case.”
“It does and that’s okay with the FBI. NCIS can finally clear Harvey on all charges.”
“Does that mean Dilly set John up? Was she one of those women?” The thought that Sunny’s mother was involved sent a cold shiver through my heart. “What’s her real name?”
“Dillis Badham. She was born and raised in Scarborough, Maine, although they did meet and marry when John was over in Naples. Her father is a commander at the Naval Support Activity base there.”
“No wonder John and Dilly panicked when NCIS started investigating,” I decided. “Patsy must have convinced them that they could lose everything if they didn’t cooperate.”
“Patsy really needed a patsy,” Henry responded. “As best we can tell, that was John’s only real mistake, and yet, it was a very large one.”
“What about the cell phones he planted in our cars?”
“He insists that was Patsy’s idea. She needed to know if I was investigating Harvey on federal charges. Ironically, if he hadn’t snooped, there wouldn’t have been a reason for the FBI to get involved.”
“But it was really Harvey who started that ball rolling,” I reminded him. “If he hadn’t attacked me, I wouldn’t have hit that panic button, and no one would have ever known what really happened to him.” My uncertainty faded as I began to understand what had happened behind the scenes.
“It’s funny how things work out sometimes, Syd.”
“Isn’t it?” I thought about the Poulin family furniture still sitting in my storage unit. It would make a nice Christmas gift to Harvey. I wondered where he’d go for his recovery. Would he move back in with Sebby and Lidia or stay at the Heritage Club condo all by his lonesome? And what about Gee Bee? Someone would have to look after the injured pooch while she recovered. “I have to make a phone call.”
“I told the Hartman ladies about what happened, Syd. They’re glad you’re okay and they’re more than happy to keep an eye on Sunny until we get home.”
“Good,” I replied. I found the name I was looking for in my contacts list.
“Who are you calling?” The professional snoop poked me in the arm with his index finger. Ignoring him, I touched the screen and brought the phone up to my ear, waiting. One ring...two rings. I gave Henry a cat-that-swallowed-the-canary smile and a thumbs-up gesture. He shook his head, amused. Three rings...four rings....
“Are you meddling in Harvey’s love life? Don’t you know better than that, Syd?”
“Just taking a page straight from the Hartman ladies’ playbook,” I shrugged. It was true. When Henry and I teetered on the brink of committing to each other last Christmas, the team of incurable romantics gave us a big shove to the altar. They spent the past weekend making plans to get Dilly and John hitched once his divorce came through, but given the news that Maria was a fraud and John’s first marriage was invalid, Sunny’s parents didn’t need another wedding. While the Hartman ladies would celebrate that happy ending, there was little doubt they’d be disappointed they were cheated out of a South Carolina wedding. Perhaps there was some potential for Martha and my handyman.
“Hello, Syd,” said the friendly voice at the other end. “How’s everything?”
“Hi, Martha. I just wanted to share something with you.” Enough chitchat. Get to the important stuff.
“Syd, you didn’t have to call me about the zucchini bread. It was nothing special.” I could tell she was hoping I’d share Harvey’s reaction to her luscious treat.
“Actually, I’m not calling you about the zucchini bread, Martha. You see, Harvey and Gee Bee had some trouble today.”
“No! What kind of trouble? Are they okay?” she asked me, her voice slightly breathless, almost shaky. That was what I wanted to hear, a note of concern for man and dog. It told me everything I needed to know.
“I’m sure they’re going to be fine, but I was hoping you’d be able to help us take care of them when they’re discharged from their respective hospitals.”
“Take care of them? Hospitals? Are they injured?”
I gave her the Rottweiler report first and worked my way up to the handyman horror, giving her the details about the extensive damage to Harvey’s shoulder and arm, as well as Dr. Matlin’s prognosis for his recovery. Martha understood the situation immediately.
“That’s a tough injury. It will probably be months before he’s able to use that arm again.”
“At least he’s alive. He wasn’t supposed to survive.” I went on to describe Patsy’s dastardly misdeeds in great depth. When I finished, Martha was adamant that she would be there to do whatever Harvey needed.
“I’ll be happy to look after Gee Bee, Syd. She can move in with me until Harvey’s back on his feet. He won’t be in any shape to handle a dog that big on a leash for quite some time. The poor man!”
Poor man? Not any more, I giggled. Harvey didn’t know it yet, but his life just did a 180-degree turn. A few weeks of tender loving care by the attentive physical therapist and we might even have something to celebrate. A spring wedding would be nice, or maybe an early summer one held outdoors, in a charming garden. I chuckled as I tucked my cell phone away.
“You seem rather satisfied,” Henry remarked. “I take it the call went well.”
“Oh, I think so,” said I. “It looks like Bigfoot has found his mate.”

Author Info --

Contact the author: sarabartonmysteries@gmail.com
Author’s blog: http://sarabartonmysteries.blogspot.com

Smashwords page: http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/practicalcaregiver

Review me:
Goodreads: http://www.goodreads.com/sarambarton
Library Thing: http://www.librarything.com/author/bartonsara

Connect with me:
Twitter: @bartonmysteries
Facebook fan page: sarabartonmysteries

Other books by Sara M. Barton:

Henry Hartman’s Holiday Crisis: An Off-the-Books Mystery #1
Henry Hartman's Boondoggle Crisis: An Off-the-Books Mystery #2
Miz Scarlet and the Imposing Imposter: A Scarlet Wilson Mystery #1
Miz Scarlet and the Vanishing Visitor: A Scarlet Wilson Mystery #2
Snow White and the Hunter: A Gabby Grimm Fairy Tale Mystery #1
Where’s Hansel and Gretel’s Gingerbread House?: A Gabby Grimm Fairy Tale Mystery #2
Little Red Riding Hood and the Secret Cookie Recipe: A Gabby Grimm Fairy Tale Mystery #3
Let Slip the Dogs of War: A Bard’s Bed & Breakfast Mystery #1
A Plague O’ Both Your Houses: A Bard’s Bed & Breakfast Mystery #2
Run for Your Life, Riley Horton! A Tell No One Mystery #1
What Evil Lurks in Monet’s Pond? A Paint an Impression of Murder Mystery #1
