







Birthright

By RJ Palmer

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2010 - 2011 RJ Palmer

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
October 7, 1969

Harsh white light shone insistently on her eyelids.  The woman surfaced slowly from the depths of a long, unnatural slumber, becoming slowly aware of her surroundings as her senses began to clear and focus.  The low buzz of electronic equipment, the steady beep of a heart monitor and the soft whisper of a respirator droned monotonously near her left shoulder.  The crisp smell of alcohol and astringents filled the air and burned her nostrils under-laid by the sickly sweet smell of disease.  The mattress was beneath her was thin and uncomfortable and her back ached from lying on it for so long.
Gradually, she became aware of the whispered conversation on the other side of the room.  It was intense and heated judging by the sentence fragments that drifted her way and she wondered dreamily whom they were discussing.  The voices were fuzzy and vague, like they were echoing down a long tunnel and she found that she couldn’t piece together more than a little of what they were saying.  
“…Severe concussion...X-ray…lucky...alive...”
“…More than that…”
“…That man…wild look about him…”
“…Husband…”
“…Early pregnancy…very early…”
They weren’t doing a very good job of whispering and she turned her head slightly to the left trying to hear them.  The voices faded out as pain began to pound in her temples.  Hammers shivered over the crown of her head and down her back, driving her to the trembling edge of madness and nausea as bright pinpoints of light and color began swimming gracefully in front of her eyelids.  The muscles in her neck and back cried out in protest and something came out her parched mouth in the form of a dry, gritty squeak.
They heard her, whoever they were.  The conversation ground to a halt a moment before the deep, reassuring baritone of a male asked her how she was feeling.
Unable to open her eyes more than a sliver against the lights, she saw a featureless shadow outlined in front of the glare.  Her lips parted slightly and she tried to tell him it hurt which was all but impossible since her mouth was parched.  She could only seem to force one word past her dry, swollen tongue and it took all she had, “Thirsty.”
Through a blurry haze she watched the nurse move quickly, her footsteps hushed and smooth in her thick soled shoes.  To a woman who couldn’t see very well, it seemed as though the nurse didn’t walk and in fact had no feet at all.  The woman imagined that the nurse floated serenely a few inches above the floor, reaching the carafe that sat a few inches away from the bedridden and frustrated woman who couldn’t reach it herself.  
Grabbing a depressingly small paper cup, she filled it with an even smaller amount of liquid and added a straw.  The nurse held it to her mouth and helped the woman hold her head up slightly to drink, cautioning her to sip slowly.  She obeyed and drank carefully despite wanting to cool the burn in her throat and relieve her hunger.
She figured out that she was weak pretty quickly and that for all that the water soothed her throat, it also hurt her stomach.  How long had she been asleep for that to happen?  The few sips she took were quite enough to make her weak and that was slightly alarming.  Shaking visibly and limp with exhaustion as well as slightly embarrassed by her weakness, she looked around the room and moaned in pain again.  At least it sounded a little more normal this time.
Then she closed her eyes and surrendered once again to darkness, seeking escape from the pain in sleep.


March 28, 1970

The small, amazingly lusty cry of a newborn broke the hush that had settled like a pall over the operating room from an infant that had been born three months too early.  The little mouth opened again and issued another tiny bellow and the doctors and nurses surrounding the operating table looked at the infant in surprise.  Small as it was weighing only slightly less than three pounds, the baby was cold and obviously mad.
The surgeon was intensely curious about the child but spared it only a single glance before he resumed his useless endeavors on the mother.  
She had wasted away during the pregnancy.  Her face and body had once been fairly aglow with youth and vitality and were now emaciated.  Her eyes stared up at him uncomprehendingly.  Emotionless now, they were dull and glazed with fatigue and pain.  At one point they had been if not lively then at least alive, the intense blue of a perfect summer sky.
Less than six short months ago she had been admitted into this hospital, the tragic victim of a drunken driving accident.  They hadn’t known that she was also expecting the child that he had just delivered into the waiting arms of the nurse standing at serene attention nearby.  
When she had come in to the hospital broken and bloody he had still seen in her thick, lustrous hair and smooth complexion a normally healthy woman, a fighter in her own right.  Despite the battered state she’d been in when she had been admitted his initial prognosis for her recovery, if not a full one, had been good.
They hadn’t known.  That was his only consolation right now in this.  They hadn’t known.
He was something akin to panicked when he discovered the existence of the child that grew within her.  They had been in a rush as they had tried to compensate for the nutrients that the baby would need to develop and would take from her if there was no other ready supply.  Unfortunately, even the vitamin regimen combined with the strict diet routine that they had followed meticulously couldn’t save her and had been a study in irritation.  She had not been able to eat well or much at all and the child had taken it all, growing and developing at an astonishing and upsetting rate.  While the woman had been laid to waste, the child matured within her womb, growing strong and healthy and with dizzying speed.  The doctor was stricken with a sense of angry futility and had watched the expectant mother die a little more every day.
He’d known her blood was too thin; the pale color of her skin showed even outwardly that she was anemic.  He might be able to stop the bleeding if he was careful but he’d had to cut her when she’d begun first stage labor at twenty-eight weeks, twelve full weeks preterm.  He’d had no choice.  He’d had to take the baby because it was going to kill her.  She had never healed fully or properly from the car accident and her body would not have been able to handle the rigors of natural childbirth.  Her flesh was still bruised darkly, swollen and misshapen from the numerous injuries she’d sustained.  She was now a shell of the woman she had been, withered to nothing and he knew she would not survive.  It was only a matter of time before her exhausted body gave way completely because she could no longer fight the pull.
Trying to stem the flow of blood from the woman was a lesson in the improbable as if death had already hung its ghostly shroud over her.  Silent communion with an invisible specter shadowed her slack features and was taking her life even while he was trying to cheat it.  Folding in and stitching the final layer of her skin, her life’s blood flowing out of her anyway, the doctor tied the last knot in her sutures and cut the string knowing that there was nothing more he could do.  His heart and head pounding with futile rage, he stoically quelled the urge to shout at the heavens, angry that all his practice in medicine could not save her.  He had invested a lot of time and effort into her care, after all.  She was loosely equated to his sweat, blood and tears and he hated to see his hard work mean nothing.  He looked away from her face because he couldn’t look at her anymore.  It made him feel guilty and he was afraid he’d lose his own mind in the defeated depths of her eyes.
Finished with his ministrations on the woman he finally turned to watch the infant wheeled away in an incubator and believed like everyone else that the baby would die.
The high-pitched whine and flat line pattern of a dying heart broke the silence behind him.  Without having to turn around and look into her soulless eyes, he knew that she was gone.
Present Day

Raine Donnelly opened the kitchen door with a vicious yank and a gust of arctic wind assaulted him.  Swearing softly, he quickly ducked his head to shield his eyes from the sharp sting of small flecks of blowing snow.  Blowing snow was beautiful but it also hurt like the dickens when it hit a person’s eye straight on.  Then he faced into the wind, gritting his teeth when a tentacle of frigid air feathered down his back.  Hunching his shoulders he began the slow, laborious trek through the eighteen inches of snow to the SUV parked fifteen feet away.
Brushing the snow away from the door lock, he inserted the key and turned gently, hoping fervently that the lock had not frozen in the cold.  It turned easily to his relief and he opened the door and climbed into the drivers’ seat.  Putting the key in the ignition and starting the car to warm it up, he breathed a low and thankful prayer when the engine roared easily to life and the cold air blasting from the dashboard vents began to warm.
Unearthing his ice scraper from the backseat, he got out of the vehicle and pried the sheets of ice and snow from the windshield with clumsy, cold-numbed hands and then got back into the cab.  Turning up the heat, he adjusted the vents to defrost the windows, allowing his fingertips and shaking hands time to thaw and steady.  Then he fastened his seatbelt and put the car in gear, backing as carefully down the driveway and onto the road as his hurry and panic would allow.
The drive to the grocery store was slow and tedious.  Blaine, Colorado was about half an hour outside of Boulder and was not large by any means.  With a population of little more than two hundred, it was a quiet and somewhat boring town nestled in the heart of the mountains.  It made for an idyllic picture in a magazine but that was about the sum of it.  Blaine still boasted cobbled streets around the town hall and turn of the century architecture and everyone seemed to be very proud of it.  Everyone knew everyone else and nothing escaped the sharp eyes of the town gossip no matter how valiant the effort.  Locals from the outskirts of town gathered at Ian's Place, the town Bar & Grill, to toss back a beer at the end of the day and shoot some pool.
It was the perfect setting for the impossible to become possible.
Unbidden, the thought whispered across his mind and catapulted him back to the events of that morning.  Raine began to see the stuff that his nightmares were made of flash vividly across his memory...

Laughter on the fringes of a dream had woken him.  The gentle sound of feminine gaiety had roused him from his slumber as effectively as an intravenous caffeine drip.  He was a guy after all.
He'd jerked awake and looked around with bleary, unfocused eyes as the last remnants of the dream evaporated and he was in his room again.  Trembling violently, breathing heavily as though he'd just run a marathon and not woken from a dream he could not remember he had sat up, wondering why he could not shake the sudden feeling that the disembodied laughter was vital.  He could not rid himself of the instinctive knowledge that the woman behind the sound was critical to him in a way he didn’t understand.
Groaning softly, he stretched and sat up, reaching over to turn on the bedside lamp and check the clock.  It was half past five in the morning but he got up with a resigned groan, knowing he would be awake now despite the early hour.  The first watery light of predawn had just begun to leak over the eastern horizon and unseasonable frost lined the panes, standing desolate reminder that winter still cuddled the earth in an icy blanket though the days had begun to grow longer about a month ago.
It was mid-April now, far beyond the time that the frosty breath of winter should have given way to the new life of spring.  This last winter had been a hard one, sweeping in on skeletal wings as soon as early October.  Folks had tried to weather the winter the way they had always done with children running around in the wind and snow and parents keeping a watchful eye at a respectful distance.  Soon the cold had been too much for even the hottest blooded among them and had driven the townsfolk indoors when the wind and snow began to break long standing records on five of seven days a week.  During the course of the season they had already been buried under a whopping four feet of snow with one more front set to arrive later on today.  With the pressure in the air around him, he could tell it had already arrived and he was irrationally annoyed with it.
Dragging himself out of bed and forcing sleep clumsy limbs to cooperate, Raine stood.  Weak light from the lamp illuminated his reflection in the window as he pulled on his jeans and grimaced slightly at what he saw.  Standing at six feet three inches and well and fit if not chiseled physique courtesy of his normally year round construction job, he never quite understood why the look got attention but by now he was used to it.  He was forever in danger of hitting his head against low hanging objects if he didn’t watch what he was doing and he had on more than one occasion, earning the laughter of anyone who saw which was both painful and embarrassing.
He’d gotten compliments about his eyes all his life.  They were very blue and very big and very useful when he wanted them to be but that was about it when it came right down to it.  It’s not like he had much use to put the moves on any one of the young girls or married women around town and he almost never left, so it was a moot point and he shrugged it off casually.
Walking into the bathroom he opened the medicine cabinet and got out his toothbrush and toothpaste, razor, shaving gel, and deodorant and then closed it again.  His reflection confronted him once more and he stuck out his tongue which did absolutely no good but for whatever reason made him feel oddly better.
Then his thoughts turned to the bodiless laughter that he’d heard upon waking and he tried to concentrate on why the woman behind the sound seemed so crucial.  Unfortunately, the more he concentrated, the more the details seemed to slip from the grasp of his memory like so much dust slipping through the fingers.
Frustrated at the suddenly errant quality of his normally razor sharp ability for total recall, Raine pushed the laugh from his thoughts and looked to the day ahead reminding himself that he was a realist, and realists did not believe in the importance of dreams.  Forcing his thoughts to the immediate future and the work he wanted to get done helped for the thirty minutes it took him to get ready to face the day.  For a little while he was able to forget the dream, the woman's laughter and the instinctive sense that something was amiss.
He followed his morning ritual carefully, brushing his teeth, shaving, showering and dressing meticulously.  He donned faded blue jeans, an old tattered gray sweatshirt, threadbare socks and beat up tennis shoes.  His clothing was old and comfortable and perfect for cleaning out the basement which was going to be a filthy, dusty job and one he’d been promising himself he would tackle now for a month of Sundays.  He knew that with the weather making work impossible, he was bored out of his mind but it gave him time to get things done.  It also occurred to him more than once that he had showered prior to cleaning the basement which struck him as somewhat silly and a little odd but he had always counted on a shower to wake him in the morning so he did it anyway.
Then he haphazardly made his bed, nothing more strenuous than pulling the covers over the mattress that had been disarranged in his sleep, left the bedroom and walked down the hall toward the kitchen, his mind on what he wanted for breakfast.
Raine lived strictly within a well-ordered, solitary existence.  There were no wrinkles in the fabric of his daily life, no surprises or changes.  He was older, he was boring, he was settled and he didn’t like curve balls.  It was an undeniably lonely existence he realized sourly after a moment of reflection and very likely the best reason that a woman’s laughter on the edges of a waking dream had woken him so effectively and easily.
In the kitchen he switched on the overhead light and went directly to the refrigerator and got out eggs, milk and cheese.  Then going to the cupboard, he got out the frying pan, set it on the stove and turned on the fire beneath it, allowing the pan to heat before he began to cook.  He got out a bowl and broke the eggs into it, scrambling them furiously in an effort to still the restlessness that had plagued him upon waking.  He reached for his memories of the dream itself only half enthusiastically, trying to understand emotions that stemmed directly from something he could only vaguely remember.
There had been nothing particularly surreal about the dream, at least in retrospect.  A feminine hand, delicate and soft, long graceful fingers, the fingernails long and tapered had been reaching for him.  The movement of the hand itself did not seem to scream danger in the dream but rather someone reaching to try and pull him to safety.  The hand was outstretched and palm up as if urging him to grasp it and be swept away though to where he didn't know.  He just knew the hand had been no threat.  He did think for a moment that it was telling that he couldn’t remember most of what had happened in the dream but he could recall every detail of the woman’s hand in the dream.  He needed to get out more often.
The danger he'd felt had come from his environment.  Dark, confining and positively oozing despair, he hadn’t been able to see the walls if there had even been any.  There had also been a vague sense of unease and the atmosphere itself had had a claustrophobic feel; as if he had been in a small hole somewhere underground, buried alive and desperate for rescue.
There had also been a circle of light right above his head which could have been a kind of proverbial dream symbolism he supposed.  It was from this light that the woman had been reaching for him in an effort to save him, whoever she was and if that had truly been her motive.
He was going to burn the skillet over thinking that dream.  Shaking off his thoughtful haze he added milk to the eggs he had just scrambled, stirred the mixture once, twice for good measure and poured it into the frying pan.  A satisfying sizzle filled the room and Raine began to feel the tension of the last hour begin to flow off of him.  Relaxing once again into his morning routine, Raine began to turn the eggs and slice cheese, every movement he made methodical and precise and thoroughly second thought, experience making him deft and at ease.
The blaring of the radio startled him into immobility.  The contraption was across the room from him, sitting alone and forgotten on the counter above a dish washer that he had never used, emitting the shapeless static of unused airspace but there had been no one there to turn it on.
The radio had no remote and he hadn’t ever used the alarm on it or even turned it on so there was no way that it could’ve been just turning on by itself.  It wasn’t even plugged in and yet there it was screeching and blaring and putting up a ruckus all by itself.  Not real, not possible and not good.
His mind screamed at him that this was not happening but the dank, sour smell of sweat and fear had already begun to permeate the air.  His heart pounded so hard that it made him worry that it might explode in his chest and his throat began to close.  Lightheaded and nearly faint with terror and choking on a keen sense of recognition that frightened him more than the screaming radio, his every muscle poised for flight from an unseen enemy Raine watched it, momentarily riveted as much as he was scared.
Then his eyes began to move quickly, darting here and there and looking for any signs of remote sabotage.  He search for a blinking red light or a movement outside, one shadow becoming another; something, anything that would prove to him that what he saw and heard wasn’t right.  The very air around him seemed to take on a cloying pressure, a presence in itself.  Raine’s dizziness increased apace with his alarm and his breathing became more erratic, leaving him standing on the crumbling edge of panicked hyperventilation.
Nothing moved.  The squawking of the radio took on a rhythm all its own with the harsh buzz quaking in the air around him and through him.
A bead of sweat traced its way across his brow, tickling a path down temple and cheek.
The buzz got louder.  His eyes grew large with surprise and horror as he watched the volume dial on the radio turn slowly on its own, increasing the intensity of the throbbing clamor.
The screaming sound rose to a thundering crescendo and the speakers in the radio rattled, ill-suited to handle the volume of the racket howling through them.
The dial turned again, raising the volume to an ear-rending screech that reverberated discordantly off the walls and made him cover his ears in acute pain.
Raine watched the radio.
Then as quickly as it had taken ruthless charge, the burden in the air subsided.  The intense heaviness and the cloaking, all-consuming weight that had been the environment itself were gone.  The crushing, daunting will of what could only be described as nothingness was suddenly and conspicuously absent.  His breath became freed again if not easy and he sucked great gasps of air into formerly constricted lungs, watching closely around himself and the radio for further signs of unexplainable phenomenon as it were.
When the radio continued to play for a few moments without showing any further sign of a ghostly touch he gathered his courage.  Slowly, on legs that felt like rubber bands he crossed the room to where it sat on the countertop.  His hand shook as he reached over and flipped the switch to turn it off.
Tomblike silence filled the kitchen accompanied by the stench of burning eggs.  Cursing under his breath, he grabbed the skillet and dropped it in the sink and turned on the cold water, watching it douse the scorched contents with a hiss of rising steam.
Berating himself silently he turned off the fire on the stove, grabbed his coat and car keys and left by the back door off the kitchen.  Those were his last eggs; he'd grab something to eat at Ian's and go do some grocery shopping.  With the forecasted blizzard blowing in it was becoming necessary anyway...

Pulling himself from his reverie with a concentrated effort and trying to avoid a wreck and vehicular homicide, Raine looked at the sky.  Noting the swollen, pregnant quality of the low, dark clouds he knew that they didn't have much time before nature would break free her confines and release them.  The bone-deep chill and repressed fury of an oncoming storm were palpable.
There were several people out, scurrying about from shop to shop like rats in a maze trying to prepare for the oncoming storm that would snow them in for who knew how long.  The last blizzard that they'd had had come right on the heels of a kind of spring thaw when everyone had been sure that warm weather had been just around the corner.  The snow that had come had taken them all by surprise when nine pristine inches had fallen to blanket the ground, heavy and wet from the recent warmth of the weather itself.  Power lines had fallen and some had gone without electricity as long as two weeks.  No one wanted to be caught unawares this time.
Reaching Ian's and pulling into a parking spot, he shifted into park and cut the engine, getting out and hurrying from the car into the small eatery, chilled from just that short walk in the biting wind.  Grabbing a menu as per local custom Raine walked up to the counter, looked it over quickly and ordered the Whirlwind, the perfect meal for the individual on the go as the type written menu label suggested; two biscuits, sliced sandwich style and filled with scrambled eggs, ham, cheese and tomatoes with a large coffee.  Not that anyone in this town would be in a particular hurry to get anywhere he reflected in a moment of dry humor.
His waitress was a sleepy looking teen-aged girl whose bleary, glazed eyes suggested a late night of underage imbibing.  She had the look of a young woman who was suffering through work with what was obviously a painful hangover but he remembered those days and he was more than able to relate.  Some of his best stories came from those days.
She took his order and then his money and handed him his change, then gave him a small, weak smile and flinched.  Apparently even movement was painful.  Handing him his food in a white "to go" box she wished him a nice day and blushed, likely in regards to his piercing and knowing stare, looking like she immediately regretted what probably set off the hammers in her head again.  Fortunately noise was also painful for her although even the thought seemed rude to his own mind.  It did get him on his way soon because he didn't have to stop and make small talk while his food got cold.  He simply turned around and walked out, offering a wayward grin and a softly spoken well wish for the poor girl who again smiled weakly and this time rolled her eyes in what was probably acute embarrassment.
Raine walked out to his car, careful to hide the soft, indulgent smile still playing on his lips.  Getting into the SUV and starting the engine he backed out of the parking spot and headed the vehicle eastward, turning right at Coverly Street and making his way toward the grocery store.
Driving slowly enough that he could eat while driving on the slick streets and not lose control of the car, Raine set his coffee in the cup holder and opened the box with the biscuits, savoring the spicy aroma of ham that filled the SUV.  He picked up a sandwich and took a healthy bite, enjoying the spectrum of flavors.  He did like to cook and he liked to eat and he loved to take a moment and just enjoy good food.
Pulling to a stop at the sign on the corner he signaled, checked for traffic and turned left onto Rosewood Avenue, going the last half block to the store.  The building that housed it was old, standing testament to days gone by and one of the few buildings in town that still had the old fashioned high facade.  Once the popular architectural style throughout the Americas in small towns and cities alike it was simply a building with a low roof behind a deceptively higher front.  Facing it presented one with the illusion of a building larger than it was.
The building itself was falling to ruin and crumbling with neglect, the owners were unable to pay for the upkeep.  They had tried to improve upon it by giving the front a fresh new coat of paint they couldn’t afford however, with big name supermarket chains moving in and settling down it was hard for small businesses to keep afloat, much less keep up.  Most filed bankruptcy and went belly up within the first year.  This one would meet the same fate before too long; squeezed out of business and out of money by corporate chains that slowly sucked away their livelihood and gave them a smile as a consolation prize and a "that's business" shrug by way of condolence.  Raine hated such corporations on principle but loved the savings.  It was pathetic, it really was.
Maneuvering the SUV into an unoccupied parking spot and switching off the engine, Raine unbuckled his seatbelt and opened the door.  He got out, shut and locked the door and turned toward the store, reflecting sadly that he had only started locking his doors recently.  When the increasing population of Blaine, lured from out of the cities by the promise of peace, quiet and quaint charm had started to report an alarming increase in theft, he hadn’t seen another option.
Walking carefully up the weathered steps and across the porch, his footsteps echoing hollowly off the wooden floor slats, he opened the door and walked inside.  Toasty warm, softly lit and faintly redolent of pine cleaner, it was less frantic than a supermarket and cozier.  Hal and Barb Linden, a kindly, retirement aged couple, obviously worked diligently to keep the interior clean and pretty despite the dilapidated exterior.  The hardwood floor was highly polished, softly reflecting the glow of the lamps suspended from the ceiling.  The walls, shining with a fairly fresh coat of paint were washed and sparkling, giving him the impression that even a white glove inspection would give nothing and impress even the most critical eye.
Raine had to respect Hal and Barb.  Despite the talk around town that they were going broke and that soon even their retirement money would be gone trying to keep up the store, they never let anyone know it.  Truthfully, the only way that Raine could tell that there was even anything wrong was when he looked into two pairs of weary, worried eyes.  He felt the stab of injustice on their behalf then and an idiotic wayward, impotent anger.  He still couldn’t do anything to help.  Eventually, they would lock the doors to this store for the last time and bid its hallowed walls farewell before riding away in their old pickup truck, driving to look for work for the rest of their lives in the same city which had eaten into their comfortable profits and family-like clientele until there was nothing left to give.
Drawing a deep breath to get a handle on himself and his regret for them, he grabbed a cart.  Walking up and down the aisles he picked up what he needed and quickly added the cost, his mind on the figures in his head.
A memory of the dream floated through his consciousness but it was gone as soon as it had come leaving only a lingering trace of familiarity in its wake.  He concentrated on the feeling, trying to force it to take shape and texture.  It was too vague and slipped from the grasp of his memory, leaving him simultaneously angry and mildly desperate and still wondering why.
Memories of the morning began to parade through his mind.  He knew instinctively that there was a connection between the dream and the radio.  It didn’t seem normal or rational and it didn’t really compute and try as he might he could not seem to establish a logical or even an illogical link between the two.
The sense of recognition puzzled him.  Why did he feel like he understood these things somehow, that his subconscious knew something his conscious mind did not?  Why did he feel like his body was trying to relearn something he used to know?  The answer was floating somewhere out in the ether just beyond the reach of his memory and beckoning to him, urging him to let go, to break free.  But break free of what?  Was that why he had felt trapped during the dream?  What was it that held him back?
He finally realized that he was standing in the middle of the grocery store staring blankly into space.  Mildly embarrassed, he really tried to push thoughts of the dream and the radio from his mind and concentrate on the rest of his shopping.  But that was easier said than done so he decided to get his stuff quickly and then he turned the cart around and began to make his way toward the front of the store and the cash register.
He arrived at the cash register and watched Hal ring him up half interested, not surprised when the total in his mind exactly matched the tally on the register.  It was common for him; he was good with numbers, quick and accurate.
Raine had been the despair of his teachers growing up and his intelligence had earned him much teasing from his peers.  He had learned rather quickly to disguise it because teachers could be particularly spiteful when a student made them look foolish and most of the students considered it freakish.  It had been hurtful as well until he’d learned not to care.
Hal was not by nature a loud, outspoken man.  Nevertheless, when he chose to speak his quiet, assured voice commanded attention and it was given by everyone without protest.  True to form, his softly worded question brought Raine sharply back to the present, "Are you all right?"
Puzzled and trying to pass it off with indifference, Raine replied, "Yeah, why?"
"Because you were standing over there for what had to be five minutes, staring at the cereals with a frown on your face and you don't even eat cereal," Hal answered with a sideways half-smile. "And because I've known you since you moved here in August three years ago and you've never been a daydreamer," he added.  "So when I saw you acting different, I figured I'd check and make sure you're okay."
"What?" Raine asked blankly.
"I said that I figured to check that you were okay," Hal repeated, frowning slightly.
"You also said I moved here in August," Raine told him.
"Yeah, so?"  Hal returned, studying Raine quizzically.
"I moved here in late May," Raine told Hal carefully.  He was going to correct Hal but didn’t want to hurt or offend him all the same.
Hal shook his head softly and confusion colored his voice as he said, "No, you moved here in August."
"No, I didn't," Raine insisted, "I moved to Blaine the last week in May."
"It was August," Barb volunteered, looking at him with soft reproach.  "I remember because I was set not to like you.  You had a glassy eyed look, like you were stoned or something," she said, "And I figured you were just a junkie looking to get away from the cops."
"What are you talking about?" Raine asked with utter confusion.
"You had a vague, glassy look in your eyes," Barb answered, "Looking at you, you looked like a junkie," she said, "And Hal and I were sure we wouldn't like you."
Trying to conceal the shock that had set his heart pounding and his hands sweating, he managed a wooden smile for Hal and Barb.  It was something small and relatively minor so he shouldn’t let it bug him like it was and it shouldn’t set off alarm bells in his head but he couldn’t let them see his upset.  He shrugged lightly as if it meant nothing, "I...I must be mistaken," he said as he grabbed his bags to take them out to the car.
"You're sure you're all right Raine?" Hal asked the corners of his mouth drawn into a worried frown.
"Yeah...Sure, no problem," Raine assured them, quickly leaving to escape the Lindens' watchful gazes.
They seemed to dismiss the matter entirely because they waved cheerfully to him as he left.
Walking to his vehicle he unlocked the hatch, placed the groceries in the rear of the SUV and closed it.  Walking woodenly to the drivers' side, he unlocked the door and opened it.  Getting in, he started it and listened to the engine roar to life.
Taking deep breaths to calm the tight feeling in the pit of his gut, he put the car in reverse and backed out of the parking spot.  Angling the vehicle homeward, he thought worriedly about the comments Hal and Barb had made.  He knew he wasn't mistaken, he had moved to Blaine in May but he also knew that despite their ages neither Linden could be safely described as senile.  To suggest it would probably earn a good, ringing slap from one or the both of them and it would be absolutely deserved.  That meant only one thing, they were telling the truth even though it was impossible.  He clearly remembered the spring that had only just begun to come back to life when he had moved into his house and not the stifling heat of August.
He tried to dismiss what should have been a small misunderstanding and his overblown panic as the product of his imagination working feverishly overtime.  Upon reflection he had to admit that it wasn’t entirely without reason.  He found himself ridiculously mulling over the same question, going over it again and again in his mind.  He tried fruitlessly to remember the missing time and began to wonder why an innocent mistake consumed his thoughts so completely.
"Ashes to ashes, dust to dust..." intoned the soft, sonorous voice of the Preacher reciting the timeless last prayer, jerking her abruptly from her sweet memories of a bright and happy past and depositing her unceremoniously back into the present and the bleak, lonely future that yawned before her.
Standing slowly and swallowing the lump of tears in her throat, she lifted the white rose she held to her nose.  Inhaling once of its delicate fragrance she tossed it onto the casket that made its slow way into the dark, raw earth.
As the coffin found its rest with a muffled thud she felt the battle within her begin to burn out of control.  The keening cry of mourning that had risen in her fought for voice until her chest throbbed painfully with the effort of keeping it contained.
The funeral party began to break up and move away as the Preacher finished his heavenward plea, but she stayed behind.  As if through a surreal fog and feeling vaguely as if she were falling down a hole in a dark and terrifying dream, she allowed her mother to take the girls' hands and guide them to the waiting car.
Furiously, she met the sympathetic gazes cast her way.  The several pairs of somber eyes that met hers and then skittered away all held a touch of perverse relief, as if they intended to go home and hug their families close.  They were all thankful for that one more day and trying carefully not to show it.  They were thankful that it was her and not them.
All too soon, she was alone with nothing but the distant sound of car doors shutting and the soft whisper of the wind paying homage to the broken hearted.  It was then that she felt her chin quiver and the tears that she had promised herself she wouldn't cry began to fall.
Swallowing a sob, she clenched her hands into fists and gathered the crumbling ends of her self-control.  Taking a deep, shattered breath she looked at the slate gray sky and the trees, stripped of their leaves and blanketed in snow.  Her eyes followed the jagged line of the branches and swept downward to take in the graveyard and the road outside where the elms stood stately sentry.
Dragging her eyes down again to the cold marble headstone that stood at the foot of the grave she whispered, "Goodbye, Raine," and turned away, burying her girlhood dreams with the love of her life.

 
Pulling the SUV into his driveway and parking it, Raine switched off the engine.  He exhaled a sigh of relief because now he’d be alone the rest of the day.  He wasn't normally anti-social but the events of the morning had made him positively irritable and he was sure that anyone else in his shoes would understand his moodiness.
Opening the door, he got out of the vehicle and opened the hatch to get his groceries, inwardly dreading the moment he opened the kitchen door and found what had been changed in his absence.  Nothing for it though, it was either go in the house or sit outside and quickly freeze to death.  So he made his way to the door and unlocked it, slowly turning the knob and pushing it open, his breath frozen in his lungs with fear.  Surprisingly enough, when he looked around everything was exactly as he had left it.  He stepped gingerly across the threshold and through the door, listening carefully for the sounds of anything out of the ordinary.
When no phantom hand came to divest him of the groceries he let himself hope that whatever it was that had haunted the kitchen this morning was gone.  Relaxing somewhat and setting the bags down, he took his coat off and began to sort through his purchases.  When he was done he ran hot water into the sink and cleaned up the burned remains of breakfast, grimacing when he had to pry the blackened eggs from the bottom of his non-stick skillet.
When he had finished he got into the refrigerator, got out a beer and made his way into the living room.  It was a little early to be drinking but Raine was already bone weary and ready to melt into his old, beat up recliner and have a drink.
He grabbed the remote and settled into the chair, careful to avoid the broken spring in the left side of the seat.  He’d learned his lesson about that spring and it had hurt like hell.  Switching on the television, he opened the beer and took a long swallow and went channel surfing half heartedly.  There wasn’t much on.  The news didn’t appeal to him and neither did the game and that was about it.
Taking another swallow and flipping through the programs, he found a documentary about the ocean.  He decided that watching the waves and listening to the drone of the narrator was better than everything else, he settled back into the recliner.  Allowing the effects of the alcohol to take over and loosen knotted muscles, Raine let himself start to relax.

Raine felt trapped.  Complete blackness surrounded him and he couldn’t see his hand in front of his face.  Fighting panic he tried to breathe deep, even breaths and maintain a semblance of calm.
Stretching his arms out in front of him and feeling nothing, he took a small, cautious step, his heart pounding and the sour taste of fear in his throat.  When his arms met nothing again, he took another slow step.  He wanted to find out by touch what his cell was and how large it was, where the walls were and whether they were simply dark, barren earth or an impregnable barrier of concrete.  He could dig his way out of dirt but concrete might be a bit of a problem.
Warned by an instinct he didn't understand, he almost pulled his arms back.  Then he caught himself and clenched his jaw, stubbornly ignoring the urge to curl up into a ball and wait it out.  Cursing the fear that tried to root his feet to the spot, he extended his arms further and resumed his slow trek forward.
Twin tendrils of agony spiraled up his arms, burning a path up his hands and forearms as if a barrier he had touched had seared the flesh off his fingertips.  He withdrew abruptly, his hands still trembling with a whisper of pain.
Confusion and fear warred within him.  He turned and stumbled blindly in the opposite direction, desperately searching for a way out.  Instead he found the same barrier and the same excruciating pain.  He waited, gritting his teeth and trying to ignore the hurt and an urge to run like hell.
A shaft of light appeared above him, similar to the opening of a trapdoor.  Since trying to use the light to view his surroundings gained him nothing whatsoever, his eyes painfully recoiled but he traced it to its source.
A shadow cut through the ray.  It was the outline of a feminine hand and the same one that had been in his previous dream.  It did occur to him that it was a dream and that he shouldn’t feel pain but then he thought that it might be useful to tell that to his hands.  This time the woman’s hand turned over and he saw the ring she wore.
It was a simple gold band about a third of an inch wide.  It was trimmed skillfully with small gold leaflets curving delicately around the outside of about half the band.  The leaflets were a setting for three stones; a moss green emerald, a blood red ruby and an intense blue sapphire, round cut and grouped in the shape of a clover.
The ring wasn’t unusual but it was striking and recognition pulled at him insistently.  He knew that ring.  From somewhere behind his memory like a violent shove knowledge beat at him.
Fighting to control the rather terrifying feeling of a rapid free fall, sure that time was running out for them, Raine wanted desperately to save his self by reaching for her.  But for all his height and determination, he couldn't have grasped her hand even had he tried.  The opening was about six feet above his head and he wouldn't have been able to reach her even if he'd jumped.
He glanced at his hands and he was shocked when he saw that they were completely unharmed.  There was unmarked, healthy flesh where it should've been melted away to reveal the seared remains of blackened, brittle bone.
The small cell around him began to feel heavier, more claustrophobic.  The walls seemed to be closing in on him and he started to struggle, striking out blindly at nothing.
Cool water splashed against his toes and crept upward, lapping at his ankles.  They were flooding the chamber and they were going to drown him...

He woke with a start, a shout of terror lodged in his throat and cold sweat covering his body.  He struggled to steady his breathing and still the waves of panic crashing over him.
An image and a memory flashed through his mind's eye; the ring.  It was exquisite and he had given it as a gift.  But to whom?  Why was the woman so important that she invaded his dreams?  What was the longing that had almost shattered his heart to reach out and take her hand?
The only semi logical explanation he could reach was that he had loved her, the woman on the other side of the darkness.  That was impossible.  He had not been in a relationship in ten or twelve years and these feelings were fresh and raw like recent wounds.
Stretching, trying to shake off the last cobwebs of sleep and checking his watch, Raine noted with surprise that he had been asleep in the chair for almost four hours.  He couldn't remember the last time he'd taken a nap.  Realizing how unusual that was, he made a mental note of it even though he didn’t see a reason to worry.
He got up from the chair, went into the bathroom and turned on the cold water to splash his face and clean the sweat.  He caught a glimpse of his face in the mirror and noticed that the vitality that had been there that morning was gone.  In its place his eyes had taken on a haunted quality, stress had marked his forehead with worry lines and the corners of his mouth were turned down in a frown.
Thinking that cabin fever was partly to blame and that getting away from the house would be good for him, he decided to go get dinner and see a movie in Boulder.  The trip would get him far enough from home and the memories and dreams plaguing him that he could relax awhile.
He opened the medicine cabinet to get his comb, he paused a moment and decided to shower again.  The cold sweat that had covered him upon waking had dried and left a rank smell on his skin and clothes, aside from the fact that he’d had a beer earlier and alcohol sweat had a sour smell all its own.  He knew he would feel better simply by washing the stale odor from his body.
Turning around and going into the bedroom, Raine walked to the closet, grabbed some clothes and made his way back into the bathroom.  Turning on the hot water, he watched as steam billowed from the water jetting out of the tap.  He peeled off his clothes and stepped into the shower, feeling the heated stream beat down on his neck and shoulders.  Washing off the spent sweat, he began breathing deeply of the steam to clear his lungs.
Raine was surprised when lightheadedness seized him and he leaned against the wall to steady himself.  Thinking about the roar of his blood in his ears and the mind-bending colors floating in front of his vision, he jumped when there was a knocking at the bathroom door.  The rapping sound was insistent but he almost didn’t hear it over the low drum of water against the walls of the shower.
The caustic thought crossed his mind that lately his dreams were making him entirely too paranoid and he slid the frosted glass of the shower door aside to blister the ears of the person coming into his home uninvited.  What he saw made his mouth drop open in shock and the muscles in his left hand turn white where he gripped the door in an effort to steady himself as his world took a dizzying plummet into the unbelievable.
The items from the medicine cabinet were floating around the room in a chaotic funnel with different items added themselves to the column in an indistinct pattern.  The objects made a steady tap as each collided with the inside of the door which explained the knocking sound he had heard.
His feet rooted to the floor and paralyzed by terror, he couldn’t do anything but stand and stare as several items flew off the shelves and lent their force to the funnel.  Quickly, the rhythm increased to a frenetic rapping that mirrored the hammering of his heart and the roaring of his pulse in his ears.  Feeling faint in the heat, he watched as the rhythm adopted substance and volume and an intricate vortex emerged.
Fighting drowsiness, Raine watched as the vortex split into two levels; the top five of ten items turning clockwise and the bottom five turning the opposite way.  Each object moved at a different speed, marking the frequency that it struck the door but keeping the same driving pulse that had taken on a hypnotic quality.
The objects began to strike the door harder.  The volume increased to an intense, throbbing crash that echoed painfully off the stark white walls and thundered through his body.  He felt himself becoming part of the rhythm, floating on it and controlled by it.
Images, memory fragments, flashed across his mind in rapid sequence.  Each was initiated by the rhythm so that as the objects struck the door another picture darted through his memory.
Hospitalization, he remembered an endless captivity surrounded by featureless doctors, mysterious scientists and infinite questions.  He didn't understand the memories; they were too fragmented to make much sense to him.
He did however understand the feelings that tightened his chest; misery, rage and a deep, soul destroying despair embraced him cruelly.  Whoever the men were they had been up to no good and their target had been him.  In that instant he knew that they were his enemies and he must destroy them before he could find peace.
Then as quickly as it had come the intensity vanished.  The heavy feeling in his eyes and limbs was gone and so was the lightheadedness that had made him feel detached.  All of it evaporated as quickly as it had come, leaving him feeling bereft and boneless.  The rapid staccato beat of the objects began to slow markedly at the same time his heart began to resume its normal pace.  The objects began to reshelf in the same spot they had had before, never seeming to have been disturbed at all.
Feeling his consciousness tripping toward insanity, his mind screamed a warning that the last of the items heeded, floating back into the medicine cabinet and slowly, gently resting.  The cabinet door closed, unmarked except for a veil of fog.  He noticed the heat of the shower again and the water pummeling his left side.  Stinging pinpoints of fire flowed downward and traced a reddened, heated path where the water had touched his skin too long.
Quickly, he reached down to turn off the water out of habit.  Only knowing the need to escape, he grabbed a towel and hurriedly dried off, every fiber of his body quaking and clumsy in terror.
Grabbing his clothes, turning, stumbling, slipping and almost falling he ran into his bedroom to dress.  He tried to concentrate on calming his labored breathing, rasping from his lungs in the form of whimper after petrified whimper.
It wasn't until he was trying to fasten his pants with clumsy hands that he realized that the items in the cabinet by truth or sheer fluke had obeyed the scream of his conscious mind.  The relentless tapping on the door had also been mimicking his heart rate beat for thundering beat.
When he had begun to feel drowsy, it had seemed as though the rhythm had wiped away any trace of panic.  He had wondered dimly why he tried to resist the pull of the intense throbbing.  He had felt the urge to let go and be swept asunder on the rhythm of the pulsing.  But let go of what, and let himself float away to where?
Confusion welled in Raine's chest, suffocating him.  He took deep, shattered breaths, holding and then letting them out slowly in a useless bid to steady the painful pounding of his heart and still his shaking limbs.
Then, without warning exhaustion overtook him and held him in an unbreakable grip.  Utterly drained and unable to protest, he felt his mind falling into deep, impenetrable darkness and his body obeyed the will of the pull.  He only had time to stumble to bed and fall before sleep claimed him with his last errant thought before he surrendered being that his problems were just beginning.
Crystalline drops of water hung like liquid jewels from the tips of leaves, suspended for a moment before they dropped softly to the grass below.  The sun shone brightly through the treetops to dapple the back patio with silhouettes of elm and oak leaves splashed across the ground.  A few lazy clouds drifted overhead and the air had a balmy feel, encouraging people to go outside and enjoy a beautiful day.
Sierra Nicole’s serious demeanor threatened to collapse under a fit of hilarity as she looked at her twin daughters, Renee and Elizabeth.  A giggle surged inside her and softened the corners of her mouth into a helpless smile that matched the twinkle in her eyes.  Seeing this, the twins joyfully abandoned shame for identical, impish grins that looked just like them.
They were beautiful little girls, six years old and identical in most every way.  Thick heads of jet-black hair curled in artless ringlets around small forget-me-not faces.  Baby roundness still clung to their cheeks and the smiles they gave her showed Renee minus her two front teeth and Elizabeth missing one.  The two pairs of inquisitive blue eyes that turned her way glowed with youth and spirit; large, intense, arresting eyes darkened only by older wisdom.
They were just like Raine in both looks and personality.  They shared his penchant for trouble and the ingenuity that he had always had when getting himself out of the deep water in which his antics always landed him.  They had inherited from him a seriousness that no six-year-old should show, often pausing in the middle of a childlike statement to ask a question that showed a sharp intellect.
Raine had also given the girls his optimism and his love of life and all living things.  In an age when so many children owned electronic gadgets they relied on for entertainment, the twins preferred a coloring book and warm sunshine.  They enjoyed turning off the television and cuddling close to hear a story and she read chapter after chapter to them as they listened with rapt attention.
The twins were the sweetest gifts he had ever given her in the five short years that she’d had with him.  In the three years since Raine’s death they had become her cherished reason for living.
At the moment they were both covered from the tops of their heads to the tips of their bare toes in mud.  The little urchins peeked out from beneath caked layers of soil from the garden turned to sludge from last nights’ rain.  Their fascination with her rare heirloom roses must have been too much temptation to resist and they had risked trouble to pick her a large bouquet, which they held out for her with appeal in their eyes.  Slightly annoyed, she looked at the jagged stems of the roses, ripped from the plant carelessly and she worried about the thorns that were probably embedded in the twins’ hands.  Then she thought of the hours of careful work she had put into those plants.  Raising healthy rose bushes had been a chore of dedication and she winced inwardly when she thought about how they were probably ruined now.
They had still picked the flowers for her and she couldn’t punish them in the face of their selfless disobedience.  She also couldn’t help it anymore.  She gave up the fight and burst out laughing, dropping lightly to her knees and accepting the flowers the twins held out to her.  She hugged and thanked each of them, ignoring the mud on their face to plant a kiss on their cheeks.
Checking her watch, conscious of the time, she ushered both girls inside to get cleaned up, stopping in their bedroom to grab each a fresh change of clothes from the closet.  They had shopping to do before the day was out.  They were leaving in four days and this was the last day she would be able to take care of any last minute details.
They were going to visit her great-aunt Selby in Colorado Springs which was a vacation that she knew was long overdue.  She had felt a great wave of wanderlust creeping up on her for some time now and when her aunt had invited Sierra and the girls to spend some time with her, Sierra had gladly accepted the invitation.
Luther was not happy about the trip.  The man that she had been dating for the last eight months had argued loudly against the vacation that she had planned.  
Sierra didn’t know why she put up with him sometimes.  Perhaps it was because his ideals and old-fashioned ways were a refreshing change.  Most of the time he treated her like she was a lady, opening doors and ushering her with a hand at the small of her back, pulling out her chair and not taking his seat until she was in hers.
That the gentleman’s act ended and if it weren’t for his impeccable manners Sierra would find him unbearable.  He had made a serious error in judgment when he had told her seriously that she was forbidden to make this trip.  She had looked at him as if he were insane then and in a fit of frustration had told him that she hadn’t ever asked his permission.  It was against her better judgment because as overbearing as he was he was also company and she was lonely a lot.  Still regardless of whether he liked it or not, she and the girls were going on vacation to Colorado.
He had gotten unreasonably angry at that statement in her opinion.  He seemed to firmly believe that a woman was not reliable for making decisions and after a worthless show of righteous indignation he had stormed out of the house, stomping angrily down the hall and slamming the front door as he left.
She had been upset enough about their argument to leave his messages and phone calls unanswered for a week to give them both some space.  Truth be told, she’d been just plain hopping mad and he deserved it.  She knew she should leave him completely alone after that little show of temper, but she couldn’t bring herself to tell him to stay away.  He had been a friend, when she needed one most and she just let that go.  When she had finally called, he didn’t answer the phone.  She had gone over to his house to talk to him, only to be told by a neighbor that he had been called away on urgent business.  He was going to be out of state for who knew how long.  She had to shrug off the anger because in the end her week long silent treatment was also pretty rude.  Giving him the cold shoulder for a week straight was probably overdoing it a bit so she let it go.
She followed the girls into the bathroom and ran water into the tub.  Expertly stripping them of dirt-caked clothes, she paused when Renee looked at her and asked, “Mom, why are we going away?”
Surprised by the seriousness of the question, she asked, “What do you mean, baby?”
“Why are we going away, Mom?  You said we’re going to catch a plane, right?” Elizabeth repeated.
“In four days yes, that’s right,” she replied, curious about the direction of the conversation.
“Are we going to see Daddy?” Renee’s question came out of the blue, stopping Sierra in the act of helping one twin into the tub.
“What?” Sierra asked faintly, not sure she had heard right.
“Are we going to see Daddy?” Renee repeated the question, her head tilted to one side.
“Sweetie, we’ve been through this before,” she said softly, “Daddy’s gone, he died.  He isn’t coming back and we can’t visit him.”
Confusion furrowed Renee’s brow and darkened her eyes and her head shook as she said, “But it doesn’t feel like he’s gone.”
“What do you mean it doesn’t feel like he’s gone?” Sierra shouted at the girl, completely startled.  Seeing how her outburst had upset the girls, Sierra took a deep breath and worked to make her voice sound pleasantly curious, “I don’t understand what you mean baby, when you say that it doesn’t feel like Daddy’s gone.”
“Feels like he’s waiting, Mom,” Elizabeth added with an insistent look.
“Waiting for what?” Sierra asked, “What’s Daddy waiting for?”
Renee’s eyes had suddenly taken on a vague, haunted quality and she spoke in a flat monotone, “Rain is falling.”
Sierra looked in confused dismay out the window at the brightly shining sun.  It was an absolutely idyllic day.

Raine emerged slowly from a cocoon of deep slumber, cramped muscles groaning in protest as he moved fitfully on the bed.  Opening bleary eyes to check the clock, he saw that it was three in the morning and got up, walking into the living room to turn on the radio.  Listening to a late night weather forecast he stopped abruptly when he heard the date, April 17th nearly two days after he’d woken from the dream and the episode with the radio.
Knowing that it couldn’t possibly be right he looked at the date on his watch which he had tossed on top of the entertainment center before.  Checking it, he was startled to discover that he had slept for almost thirty hours.  Since that was not at all like him, he picked up the phone and dialed the number for the nearest physician, Doctor Clifford Maxwell.  He didn’t think of the time as he listened impatiently while the phone rang twice and the line was answered, the Doctors’ voice slurred and husky from sleep.
“Hello?”
“Dr. Cliff, this is Raine Donnelly.  I’m having a problem that maybe you can help me with,” Raine told him, carefully nonchalant.
“What can I do for you, Raine?” The doctor who was now awake, spoke in the pleasant tone of a man who had handled so many emergencies that calm came easily.
“Sleeping problems.” Raine answered after a short pause, so preoccupied by the hours that had flown by on the wings of oblivion that he wasn’t able to describe what was happening at first.
“Insomnia?” Dr. Clifford asked, impatiently.
“No,” Raine answered on a mild note of breathless irony. “I just woke up from a thirty hour nap.”
“Ah...I see,” Was the Doctor’s reply. “Why don’t you come into my office in the morning and we’ll discuss this in more detail,” He suggested, obviously unperturbed.  Raine could just hear the slight yawn that the Doctor tried to stifle that came over the phone in the form of a soft sigh.
Swallowing half a dozen sarcastic retorts, knowing that his state of alarm would make him rude and he didn’t want to offend the physician, Raine agreed.
Quickly taking matters in hand and scheduling an appointment for him the following morning, Dr. Clifford got ready to hang up the phone. “Hey, Raine?” He asked as an afterthought.
“Yeah?” Raine asked.
“Try to relax my boy, no use getting in a lather about nothing at all,” Cliff told him, and then the line went silent as he hung up the phone.
Tensing suddenly as memories of what had happened in the bathroom flooded back to him, Raine turned and nearly ran down the hall, afraid of what he would find when he got there.
Looking hesitantly in the door before as he had in the kitchen and seeing nothing out of place, he went in.  When nothing happened and no faint feeling overcame him, he ventured further into the bathroom to open the medicine cabinet and check its contents.  Everything was as he had left it in his paranoid flight into the bedroom.
Turning to the door, he looked on the other side and saw where the objects had been striking it.  Dents in the wood marked an irregular path in a straight line like a ladder built by a blind man without a ruler.
Curiosity gripped him and he went back over to the medicine cabinet, taking out each item that had been colliding with the door and inspecting it carefully.  None of them were damaged.  There were no chips absent from glass bottles, no hairline fractures from the hammering that they had dealt to the door.  Nothing dripped from bottles of cologne and after-shave and no peppermint smell wafted from a puncture hole in the tube of toothpaste.  None of the brushes had flattened or missing bristles.  Everything had taken and dealt a beating and none of it showed.
Now, blast it all he knew he hadn’t been seeing things.  The door was all dented up and frankly it would have to be replaced but nothing else was broken?
He turned slowly, checking the walls for any scratch or dent in the paint from the items’ wild journey around the bathroom.  Nothing, there was a big fat nothing.  Nothing misplaced or otherwise damaged with the single exception of the inside of the door and his brow furrowed with confusion.  He turned to leave the bathroom absolutely sure that he was overlooking some small detail.
Then he noticed the shower stall.  The glass partition should have been standing open because he was sure that he’d never closed it.  He’d been too busy running away.  Reaching over and sliding the glass aside, he saw what it hid and his heart skipped a beat.
His handprints were recessed into the walls of the shower stall, clearly marking where he had braced himself when the dizziness had seized him.  They looked remarkably like they had been seared into the plastic, as if the heat from his body had suddenly warmed the area and caused it to bow inward, a slightly darkened area surrounded by the white of the walls.
What caught his attention and held it were the words burned darkly into the wall, a scorched area about sixteen inches from where his hands were imprinted.  Burnt and dark, he could not have overlooked this even in his state of frenzied panic.  He still had not seen it happening and the words now seared themselves onto his brain and his body shuddered helplessly.
Written in the large, unsteady hand of a five-year-old were three simple words, their importance was something he was only beginning to understand: RAINE IS FALLING.
Savage relief poured through him like a balm.  Primeval glee he couldn’t identify gripped him.  Never mind that he was staring at a burnt spot on the shower stall, he felt good about it and he didn’t really know why.
Raine is falling.
He was strangely comforted by the words whatever they meant.  Feeling unusually euphoric he turned and left the bathroom, wondering briefly what that said about his sanity or lack thereof.
Baxter Cates was a man as bland looking as the suit he wore.  Unremarkable salt-and-pepper hair, more salt than pepper, graced a flat forehead slightly creased by worry lines.  Unsmiling and angered as he was now his lips, which were already a thin, offensive slash above his chin tightened even more and it left with the impression of a man with no mouth.
He was wearing an expensive, well-tailored business suit that was a dull gray in color offset by a perfectly pressed dove gray silk shirt he wore beneath it.  His shoes were black, polished to a mirror shine as though the time he spent away from work was passed fine tuning his costly and colorless appearance.
His only remarkable feature was his eyes.  It wasn’t because they were particularly pretty, that would be impossibly inept.  His eyes, when he chose to use them could freeze a person in their tracks.  They were a piercing silver color outlined by a ring of darkest midnight blue; eyes that could focus on a person and make them feel as though he saw into the deepest reaches of their soul.  His cold, emotionless gaze noticed everything, not even the most miniscule detail ever escaped those hawk-like eyes.  Those that passed through his line of sight normally chose to stay well away from him.  No one wanted to be the object of his withering attention.
He now turned that look on the fidgeting assistant that sat on the other side of his desk, a large oaken monstrosity that he would have gotten rid of years ago if it hadn’t been such a valuable piece of furniture.
The assistant, Leonard Hendrikson or Leo for short, was a young man of about twenty-three, very good looking with well-trimmed, perfectly combed blonde hair and black eyes. He knew he looked good in a midnight blue leisure and flashy, snow-white shirt.  He somehow managed to pull it off Baxter grudgingly admitted to himself despite his mismatched hair and eyes coupled with the suit he wore which should have given the overall effect of a sizeable, attractive bruise.
The rookie also positively exuded the confidence that only years of wealth and privilege could bring, walking the building with an air of superiority that even the most self-absorbed employees could not misinterpret.  By and large, the agents who knew him laughed behind his back.  It was common knowledge that he wanted field status, to be out in the thick of the action.  He had a few years to go to even begin qualify for that promotion and countless hours of tedious pencil pushing behind a small desk in a cramped office.  He’d absolutely hate it but it was the way of things and he’d do it anyway.
He’d noticed Baxter’s look and had begun to crumble under the weight of intense scrutiny, starting to shovel files into his briefcase with an unsteady hand and mumbled apologies.  Baxter watched impatiently as the boy, blushing and stammering like a backward ten-year-old, stumbled awkwardly through the conclusion of a half baked presentation that had been only mediocre from the start.
He’d done the young man a favor when Leo had asked Baxter to review some money saving ideas that he’d had.  He’d agreed because the boy had seemed so confident that they were good.  
The ideas were as superficial as the boy who had obviously not done his homework.  If he had, he would’ve known that similar, less expensive and far more efficient plans had already been launched within the corporation.  His ideas were outdated, almost obsolete.  He had not planned ahead and he’d made an astronomical fool of himself in the bargain.
Watching the sweating assistant like an insect beneath a magnifying glass, Baxter smiled coldly.  With polite courtesy thinly veiling the antagonism he felt he told the boy that though his enthusiasm was recognized and duly noted, it was also misplaced and his energy would be better channeled doing the job they already paid him for.
Leo had accepted defeat, judging by the way his shoulders drooped and he nodded.  Collecting the remainder of his things, Leo thanked Baxter for his time.  Turning slowly he walked away from the desk, his footsteps muffled by the thick, cream colored carpeting that covered the floor.
Baxter watched the assistants’ retreating back for a moment before he calmly dismissed the boy from his mind and turned back to the work he had to finish.  Glancing at the computer he saw that he’d gotten a surge of e-mail during the short fifteen minutes he hadn’t been working.  So much for a short break and a quick conference it seemed.
Groaning softly, stretching and trying to work the tension out of his shoulders, he looked longingly for a moment at the city skyline, bathed in twilight.  He watched other office buildings, seeing the lights twinkle softly for a moment and then wink out completely, heralding the end of another day.  His eyes followed the lines of the city lights for a moment before they traveled upward along the windowpanes and he traced the pattern of the dark wooden paneling on the walls.
After the early death of his father had left him with the responsibilities of running a thriving business dropped unceremoniously into his lap, he’d taken refuge inside the quiet walls of this office.  It had become his inner sanctum and he used it shamelessly as a shield.
Baxter missed the tough old buzzard.  In spite of the strong critical front he’d gotten from his father all his life or perhaps because of it, Baxter had respected the hell out of him and he felt lost so very often his father’s absence.
Relaxing for a moment, Baxter lounged in his chair and closed his eyes.  Rubbing temples that had begun to pound and stretching cramped legs he melted into his seat, breathing deeply to clear his mind.
He knew that he would be in this office another four or five hours and he didn’t want to at all.  For the last fifteen years working late was normal and his responsibilities weighed heavily on his mind.  Besides, the work that he had couldn’t always wait until the next morning and he knew he should get it done if he wanted to leave the office tonight.
Turning resolutely to the computer, he began to sort through the long list of email he had.  He was startled to find the message from Luther, a field employee and a valuable agent.  He opened the message and read the words that it contained.
Surging from his relaxed posture to the edge of his seat, he gasped softly as the words penetrated his brain.  They set off a maelstrom of warning bells in his head even as he read and understood the importance of what the letter said.
Three words, splashed across his computer screen like a dark prophecy made him lose his composure for the first time in years, making his breathing harsh and his palms sweat.  Fear stirred the calm ocean of his thoughts and colored it with a thick, crimson streak.  His mouth went dry and his jaw clenched as he read the message: RAINE IS FALLING.
Well, hell.

Grabbing her purse, house keys and hers and the girls’ jackets just in case it got chilly, Sierra herded the girls out to the waiting cab with stern reminders not to get dirty which earned her comically exaggerated anguished and bored moans from them both.  Leaving by way of the front door, she turned away from the house, her spirits buoyed by the sunshine overhead and the gentle sounds of the earth slowly waking from months of lazy winter slumber.
The twins were clean again and the few spots where rose thorns had been embedded in their palms were now removed, treated with ointment though not the stinging kind and bandaged.  Sierra was confident they would only last a few more minutes.  They were strangely subdued despite the excitement that they had shown earlier.  In the bathroom she had tried to question them further about their insistence that their daddy was waiting.  They had gotten quiet, closing their mouths tightly and answering in monosyllables.  How they learned to be cryptic was anyone’s guess.  Sierra, frustrated but understanding finally gave up trying to pry answers from them where there were none to be had.  They had inherited from their father their stubbornness and one thing she had learned about Raine in the time that they’d had together, he had been about as bull-headed as any ten men had no right to be.  
Seeing now that they were no closer to talking than they had been before, she left them alone with their thoughts.  Looking out the window, glancing at the scenery that passed by without really seeing it, she let her mind to wander.
Three years had passed since Raine’s death.  The three longest, most difficult and most challenging years of her life and everything from losing him to learning how to live again had been an uphill battle for Sierra.  She missed him so much.  Especially at times like these when she couldn’t look outside without thinking about how much he had loved spring too.  To him life had always been an experience, an adventure.  Raine had believed that if you didn’t have the time to savor every moment, you hadn’t ever really lived.  If a person didn’t live every day like it was their last it had been a half-life.
She still clearly remembered the last time she had seen him…

It had been late February, the earth finally beginning to wake from the deep slumber of winter.  The trees were laden with snow, bowing under its weight.  Police and the weather guy had been warning drivers to drive carefully on icy streets, telling them to beware even though it would start to get nice out soon.
It was early evening and she’d been preparing dinner and rummaging through the cupboards, she’d noticed that she was out of garlic and spaghetti sauce to make lasagna.
She had walked up behind Raine and wrapped her arms around his waist.  Rubbing her nose gently across his back Sierra had inhaled, savoring the smell of cologne and the soft, faintly male scent of his skin.
He had turned to face her, slipping his arms around her waist and pulling her close and smiling softly, tenderness glowing from the depths of his eyes.
“I love you, Raine,” She had told him softly but with a slightly sheepish, wayward grin and she had heard him chuckle softly.
“What do you want?” Had been his teasing reply.
“Grocery run, baby,” She’d said with answering laughter dancing in her eyes, “I need spaghetti sauce and garlic for dinner.  Make sure it’s the minced garlic would you?  I like it better.”
“And here I got all excited for nothing,” He said while trying to seem put out.
“Please?” She asked softly and tried to stick out her lower lip.  Then she ruined the effect by grinning.
A light smile creased the corners of his eyes and his mouth turned up in a grin.  “Your wish is my command,” He’d told her with a waggle of his eyebrows.
Her breath had caught in her throat and she lost herself in his eyes for a moment.  It had always been like that with them.  She had never felt that she was anyone other than the one he wanted for life.  She was his friend and partner, his love and his companion.  He had been as a husband what every woman wished for and would never admit to anyone on earth that she wanted.  He had been the kind of strong, tender, sensitive, passionate friend and lover that only the sweetest sonnet could ever describe.  He shouldn’t have been real because the kind of guy straight out of a romance novel never is, but he had been there, he had been real and he had been hers.
Laughing a low, breathy laugh deep in his throat, he gently pulled away from her and broke the sensual spell between them. “You’ll never get dinner made if you keep looking at me that way, love,” He’d whispered.  Then he’d kissed her and grabbed the car keys, walking with confident, unconscious grace to the front door.  The corners of his mouth had turned upward at her soft reminder to be careful and he’d tossed an “I love you,” over his shoulder as she’d blown him a kiss from the front room and the door had clicked softly shut behind him.
She could still hear the front door close, the gentle echo that had seemed a teasing parting of lovers then sounded in her mind now with the certainty of a death knell.  She could still recall the sound of crunching gravel and ice beneath the tires as Raine drove away.  A wisp of a dark premonition, an omen of change had fluttered madly across her heart.  Sierra had brushed it aside and disregarded it as nothing more than feeling the need for Raine to hurry because she needed to make dinner.
She never saw him again.
Sierra could remember the time that had passed slowly while she awaited his return with crystal clarity.  If it weren’t for the steady clockwise crawl of the second hand on her wristwatch, she could’ve sworn time had stopped completely.  An hour slid by, then two.  Worried and angry and vowing for the first time ever to give him a piece of her mind when he got home she finally fed the twins who had been just toddlers then, cleaned them up and put them to bed.  
She had tried hard not to show how upset she was when the twins had insisted on wanting to be awake when Daddy got home.  They had been sleepy with their eyes heavy-lidded and colored a curious aquamarine with innocent confusion, but also adamant that they should kiss him goodnight.
They had eventually fallen asleep after much fidgeting and fighting and she had watched them for a moment, just looking at their small, peaceful faces.  The love that she felt for them was only a little bit stronger than her love of bedtime sometimes.  They were quiet when they were asleep and bedtime was one of her favorite times of the day.
Then she returned to the living room to wait for him.  She had watched the clock and paced, feeling more and more frantic with each minute that crept sluggishly by.  Three more hours passed in a haze of tears and mind-numbing worry.
Weary from the hours of pacing, she plunked herself down on the sofa and picked up the phone, dialing the number for the police station.
The woman who answered had a gravelly, tired voice.  Sierra, with halting speech told the woman that her husband had gone to the store and never returned.
“How long has he been missing ma’am?” The tired voice responded.
“About five or six hours now.” She answered, nearly hysterical with worry.
The lady on the other end of the line sighed heavily, “I’m sorry ma’am, but we can’t file a report until he’s been missing for twenty four hours.”
“But this isn’t like him at all,” Sierra protested, beginning to feel sick.
“I realize that ma’am, but we can’t do anything until he’s been gone for twenty four hours, I’m sorry.  You might try calling the hospitals to see if he’s been admitted,” the lady said softly and then hung up.
Sierra pulled the receiver away from her ear and looked at it as if it were a snake and the fault for this lay solely in the phone itself.  Then in a fit of childish anger, she slammed it back onto the cradle with a satisfying crash.
She had called all the hospitals though and discovered nothing.  No one matching Raine’s name or description had been admitted.  The lady at the hospital switchboard couldn’t tell her whether or not there had been anyone taken to the morgue, a question that Sierra had had to fight to force past the lump in her throat.
In the end, she had simply sat on the sofa with her eyes aching and grainy with exhaustion and frightened tears watching the clock on the wall march forward until her energy no longer matched her will and her eyelids slid closed.
Sierra had woken the next morning, cramped and aching from falling asleep on the couch, her eyes red and swollen from crying herself to sleep.  Jumping up, she ran to the bedroom and looked in, hoping wildly for a moment that Raine had come into the house quietly in the night.  He would’ve simply gone to bed and not woken her to let her know he’d gotten safely home.
He wasn’t in their bed though.  It stood in the middle of the room, unruffled from the morning before when she had made it.
She felt the tears again and her heart couldn’t accept what her mind was telling her.  She wouldn’t think it because if she did it might happen, she might lose him.
The next two days had passed in a painful blur punctuated by tending to the twins’ needs and the trip to the police station to file a missing persons report.
She’d never had anything so painful happen up until the moment that she had walked into the police station and met dozens of pairs of sympathetic eyes.  It was then that the urge to scream hysterically had begun to mount to dizzying heights.  They didn’t know about the shattered heart that bled for worry and anguish that stayed solidly in her chest.  They could certainly see the lost quality in her eyes but she wouldn’t cry in front of them or anyone else.
She’d had to clench her jaw to keep herself from lashing out at the police who were only trying to help.  She had felt that the sympathy in their gazes had mocked her and afterward she had known that despite everything else, that trip had been the hardest thing she’d ever had to do in her life.
The visitors that she had been dreading showed up four days after Raine had disappeared.  There was a knock on the door as she was feeding the girls their lunch.  She turned sharply at the sound, wild hope hammering in her chest before she realized that Raine wouldn’t have knocked.  This was his house and he’d have opened the door and walked in.
When she opened the door, the two officers who looked at her wore somber expressions.  The desperate hope that had made her heart pound was stopped before it started.
“Mrs. Donnelly?” The first one asked.  He was young with unsure silver eyes and a thick shock of white-blonde hair that he raked back from his brow in agitation.
“Yes?” She answered hesitantly.
“We found your husbands’ car.” He said in a raw voice, telling her that the news he had wasn’t good.
“And?” She asked, “Is he okay?”
They were both looking away from the hopeful appeal in her eyes.  She wanted to scream at them to get it over with and tell her what they had come here to say.  
The second officer was more experienced took a deep, fortifying breath and told her, “The car went off a bridge and into the river.  He lost control swerving to miss a deer, judging by the tracks in the snow.”
“And my husband?” She asked them, barely managing to sound slightly normal.  She felt crazily like she had to make sure even though she had already known the answer.  God save her, she had already known.
“We’re so sorry, ma’am, he didn’t make it…”
The rest of what the police said, something about a closed-casket funeral from the condition of the body was lost to her as she retreated behind an internal wall of blessed numbness.  The officers’ voices seemed to be coming from the far end of a long tunnel.  Pinpoints of colorful light had danceed in front of her vision as her eyes rolled into the back of her head and she fainted.
Snapping sharply back to reality as the cab stopped, she shook her head.  She pushed the memories away, trying to let go of the aching regret.  She paid the driver and got the girls out of the car, hurrying them into the mall and remembering that they were supposed to have dinner with her parents tonight.  If they didn’t hurry, they would never get this shopping done and they wouldn’t be able to take the vacation she desperately needed.
She had been looking forward to her break for quite some time now.  She needed it, deserved it and she would not give that up.  She had to have a break from the constant stress and this was her chance.  So far she had only booked their flight and knew where they were headed.  She had quite a few kinks to work out first.  She also knew that she had today to get it taken care of, followed by two grueling sixteen-hour workdays.  She had promised to work the weekend to get ahead of the game and to help make up for the week she wouldn’t be there.
Rain is falling…
What Renee said drifted through her mind and she worried for a second about what her daughter meant.  Confusion still gripped her when she thought of it.  Why had Renee been so insistent and what had been the mood that had come over the girl?  She’d been disconnected, vague and surreal.  Her face and jaw had gone slack and she had looked at Sierra without seeing her.  Renee had not responded when she’d shaken her lightly and said her name.  In fact, her eyes had rolled around in their sockets in a way that scared Sierra and she’d gone lax in her arms.  For several minutes Sierra had made attempt after attempt to reach out to Renee, everything from bribery to punishment before Renee’s eyes had closed and then opened again, clearing and then darkening with confusion.
Renee’s return to normal hadn’t helped; it had only made Sierra more panicked.  Sierra didn’t understand what had happened and couldn’t help and she didn’t like it at all.  The day was still sunny and beautiful and the mall was comfortable and there wasn’t a cloud in sight.  Sierra still felt an apprehensive chill and pulled her jacket tighter around her.
Then she remembered that she was in the middle of the mall shopping for a vacation and she made a conscious effort to still the nervous tension that ran through her.
The words that Renee had spoken and didn’t remember stayed with her, no matter how hard she tried to forget them.
Raine passed the long, quiet hours between the phone call and his doctors’ appointment searching his home.  Starting in the attic and working downward, he checked every nook and cranny in the house and the grounds outside for remote controllers, sound recording devices, projectors and microphones.  He checked every mirror, hoping that he would find something, anything that would help him believe that what he was seeing was an elaborate and expensive illusion or if he was just seeing things.  He spent a long time looking for ways that a long distance prankster might get a psychotic kick out of making a stranger sweat.
He didn’t find a darned thing he was looking for.  What he did find made him spitting, hopping mad.  It wasn’t that anyone could really blame him because it was his home.  Apparently, he had been living there for three years and by some perverse quirk of fate had never known that his home and yard had been set up with a complex, state of the art network of surveillance equipment.  Twelve cameras total, seven outside and five inside with motion detectors and infrared watched every move he made from the time that he stepped onto his property until the time he left.
The cameras inside the house, wired in the attic with lenses no larger than the pinky finger on a six year old had been placed for maximum viewing.  Skillfully concealed inside patterns on the wallpaper and in corners, there was a camera set to record every move he made except in the bathroom.
With a low snarl and strength born of fury, he ripped all of the cameras in the attic out of their mountings.  Then he went downstairs to the living room and dropped them with a satisfying crash in the middle of the floor.
Walking outside with his fists clenched and his stride purposeful, he found all of the cameras set up on his property; a central unit and three on either side of the yard, spaced evenly and sealed in a water tight jacket.  Pulling them all from the trees and shrubs and wondering how in the hell he hadn’t noticed them all before, Raine ripped them from their power cables.  Then he circled his way slowly around the yard again, trying to find any he might have overlooked.
Each flash of red he thought he saw, every time he imagined seeing the reflection of the porch light off a miniature lens caught his eye and held his attention.  He would stare at it and focus until he was satisfied that it was a fluke or a trick of the light.
Finally reaching the last camera, his breathing harsh and his heart and head pounding, he looked into the lens.  He hoped perversely for a moment that the camera was able to capture the fevered rage in his eyes.  Then, with an excess of righteous anger, a gleeful smile, a conspiratorial wink and one powerful yank, he severed the cord.  He felt the hum of electricity quit entirely and it filled him with a primitive rush of emotion like the wave of freedom a newly freed prisoner might feel.
He knew that he probably looked frightful right now after crawling around the back yard like a demented groundhog.  He felt frightful and his front was soaked from slithering around in the snow.  Slowly, he became aware of the howling winds that cut straight through him.  Looking up, he was surprised to find that in his fit of anger, he’d failed to notice that the sun had begun to rise.  Daylight streaked orange and crimson over the eastern horizon, ardently splashing the morning sky with color.
Quickly ducking to gather all the cameras he’d found in the yard, he made his way inside.  He had dimly been aware before of the sweat and melted snow that froze on his body with every frigid gust that seemed to tear a path straight through him.  Hurrying in the cold and carrying the cameras he had found, he walked inside.
Going into the kitchen on a great, furious gust of wind and blowing snow, he stood still for a moment after he shut the door.  He listened to the silence like a mad man, hoping for and fearing an intruder.  Then with shrug and resigned sigh, he shook the melting sheets of ice from his body like a water logged dog and walked into the living room.
Standing over the pile of cameras he had found in the house, he dropped the ones he held in his hand by the cords and turned to walk away.  Then he stopped and slowly turned again to look at the cameras piled in a heap on the floor.  Whether by some sixth sense or pure instinct he didn’t know, but he reached out and grabbed one of the cameras.  Holding it by the cord as if it were alive and writhing in his grip, he walked into his bedroom.
He almost dropped the camera dispassionately on the bed but then he thought better of it and hid it carefully before he went to shower.
Walking into the bathroom and turning on the water, caught up in a whirlwind of blind fury, he didn’t see the steam billowing from the tap until it was too late.  He felt the rush of water over his hand and realized that with the temperature, it should have scalded him by now but to the touch, the steamy water was pleasantly warm. Confused and a little frightened, he straightened and looked at his hand with a puzzled frown.  The skin, which should have been red from the burn, didn’t hurt at all.
His entire body felt feverish though.  Sweat poured from him in rivulets where his skin should’ve been cool and clammy at best and he should have been shivering convulsively from cold and fatigue.  The flesh on his arms was heated.  With a quick glance in the mirror he noticed his eyes were deliriously bright, febrile and angry where they should have been the dull with hypothermia.
He realized suddenly that he should have been dead.  Out in the freezing cold, soaked to the skin and wearing only pants and a shirt he would have frozen to death very quickly.  He should’ve fallen asleep and just not woken up but he hadn’t.
Accept it, there are no alternatives…
The thought flitted aimlessly through his mind and he began to wonder where it came from and what it meant.  What was he supposed to accept and how was he supposed to accept with blind faith what he couldn’t see or even understand?
Questions pounded at him, the answers bouncing out of his reach with frustrating ease.
A picture glanced across his mind, like a shadow in the corner of the eye and just as quickly it disappeared leaving him with the impression of soft, fragrant blonde hair and big, pretty silver eyes.
You can’t run forever, I’ll find you…
The thought both riveted him and released him from his trance.  Raine knew a flash of insight as he started to truly see that there was no way he could flee from what he could not identify or predict.  He started to see the pointless nature of his fear and it made him angry.  He might have been shaken but he had also failed to truly analyze each incident.  He had forgotten that the things that happened around him when he was seeing crazy stuff happen were just as important if not as interesting and his reactions puzzled him; choking emotions made it impossible to be truly objective.
I’ll always find my way back, you know…
With a perception he didn’t know he had, he realized now that he could no more run from the unknown than he could fight the inevitable.  He couldn’t escape the something that was happening and he was ready to admit it and if he couldn’t escape his only other option was to face this head on, whatever this was.  Having made his choice was strangely liberating, as if his deciding to square off and roll with the punches had set a part of him free and he stripped and stepped into the shower.
Feeling the warmth envelop him like a blanket, he scrubbed resolutely at his skin leaving inflamed blotches on his body where he’d rudely chafed at it in a vain attempt to wash away the dark rage that festered in his heart and soul.
His anger owed itself partly to the knowledge that even in his quietest moments he had been violated constantly.  The cameras had robbed him of his right to privacy, stealing moments from him that should’ve been his and he felt vulnerable and abused.  Truthfully, he felt like he had been raped.
A chill feathered down his shoulders and into his arms.  Sharp needles of fire touched his back, tracing their way downward in steaming, painful droplets.  Without thinking about it, he turned the hot water down, feeling the spray cool to a more comfortable temperature.  His body seemed to refresh on its own, dropping a smattering of goose bumps along his arms with the sudden, deep rooted chill that swept through him.
Stress knotted muscles trembled for a moment and then loosened and with a deep, heavy sigh he relaxed and finished his shower.
Raine walked into the brightly lit, determinedly cheerful doctor’s office minutes after the doors had been unlocked to start the day.  He checked in with the receptionist at the front desk and quietly took a seat in the waiting room and did paperwork while the doctor got ready to see him.  Fortunately, since he was the first patient of the day and the first to arrive, he was escorted to an exam room in short order.  He followed the nurse through a small series of corridors that smelled of antiseptic and air freshener.  Scents that should have been faint and calming burned his nose and eyes with their intensity.  The room she showed him to was small, slightly cramped, sparsely equipped and looked like every other exam room he’d ever seen.
He allowed the soft-spoken nurse, a woman in her late twenties with chestnut colored hair and gently rounded body to check his vital signs.  She asked him about his symptoms before the quiet knock on the door interrupted her.
Doctor Cliff walked into the room and smiled pleasantly.  Much to his surprise the doctor wasn’t in a huff like Raine would have expected after Raine had rudely woken him in the middle of the night.
At first Clifford gave the impression of the quintessential doctor.  With a thick head of white hair, sharp grayish-green eyes that peered out from behind wire rimmed glasses and a wide, easy smile he positively oozed confidence and good cheer.  He was soft spoken and commanding all at once and he was a community crier of the worst sort.  He’d been everyone’s family doctor around here for more than twenty five years and he knew these people well so it stood to reason that when someone got sick or died, his grief was more than just professional.
The nurse that had begun the initial check-up smiled softly and quietly left.  Dr. Clifford picked up the chart and skimmed over the notes.  Then he looked at Raine over the rim of his glasses and asked him, as more a statement than a question, “So, you’re having sleeping problems?”
“You might say that,” Raine was a little edgy.
“When did you first notice the problem?” Cliff asked mildly.
“Just a few days ago I took a nap for the first time in years.  I woke up and thought nothing of it, but when I saw…well, that is to say…” Raine trailed off, his voice fading out uncertainly.
“Yes?” Cliff urged him calmly.
Raine felt himself take a deep, fortifying breath.  In the next moment, haltingly at first and then gaining courage, he told the doctor all about the strange happenings the previous few days and found that it was curiously liberating to just talk about it.  He told the doctor about the radio and the objects that had floated around the room during his shower, the charred prints on the bathroom wall.  Finally, he talked about the events of that morning, first with the surveillance equipment and then the scalding shower that hadn’t burned.
Cliff listened quietly.  Oddly enough, he didn’t seem surprised when Raine told him about the more implausible stuff, not stopping him to ask questions about the events.  He seemed to understand that Raine simply needed to talk and needed someone to listen and he had finally finished, he dared to look at Cliff.  He tried to see the doctor’s reaction to the outlandish tale and he half expected Cliff to chuckle softly and suggest that Raine seek help from either a parapsychologist or a shrink.  He wanted to find out whether the doctor believed him or was careful with his words, making the effort to talk down a psychotic.
Cliff looked at him for a moment without smiling and with a kind of speculation darkening his eyes.  Then without warning he stood and said, “Excuse me, I’ll be back in a few minutes.”
Raine waited for Cliff an impossibly long, nerve-wracking ten minutes.  When he reappeared with a soft tap on the door, his smiling confidence was firmly back in place.  He asked Raine to have a seat, they needed to discuss options.
Carefully concealing his dread, Raine sat slowly and turned to look at the older man.  Unsmilingly intense and quietly awaiting Cliff’s edict or diagnosis, whichever the case may be, he watched Cliff unconsciously straighten the already pristine office, obviously searching for the words he wanted to use.
Raine watched Cliff until he couldn’t stand it anymore.  Taking a deep breath and exhaling loudly in a room that had become much too silent, he almost asked the doctor to out with it before he had a panic attack but Cliff beat him to the punch.
“I want you to go see a specialist friend of mine,” the doctor told him bluntly.
“Why?” Raine asked just as bluntly.
“Because I think you may have a brain tumor and I don’t have the equipment to do the testing myself,” Cliff told him in a heavy voice.
Now that Cliff had told him, Raine wished he had sugarcoated the truth or perhaps buffered it at least a little bit.
“What?” Raine heard himself ask faintly.
The grief in Cliff’s heart shone in his eyes as they met Raine’s, steady and unblinking.
“I think you may have a brain tumor,” He repeated softly.  “And I’m going to send you to a friend of mine who can do the proper testing and give you a second opinion.”
“What about the stuff that’s been happening?” Raine asked.
“Hallucinations and blackouts are common symptoms of a brain tumor,” Dr. Cliff said gently, “We have to get you checked and treated if that’s the case.”
“Who is this doctor, and where is he?” Raine asked tersely.  He immediately regretted his tone as Cliff flinched slightly.
“Her name is Lynn Calloway,” Cliff said, “And she has a practice in Denver,” He was quick to tell Raine, adding meaningfully, “She’s a most trusted friend of mine, as well.”
He had placed emphasis on the word trusted.  Raine hadn’t even been thinking about the gender of the doctor Cliff wanted to send him to, he’d been thinking madly about a brain tumor so he decided to let it pass even though Dr. Cliff was looking at him reproachfully and it kind of stung.  He asked quietly, “Well, are you going to give me her number so I can make the appointment?”
“I’ve taken the liberty of making an appointment for you,” The doctor replied jovially. “First thing tomorrow morning, you’ll need to be there at eight o’clock sharp,” Cliff told him, brisk and businesslike now.  “She doesn’t wait long for late appointments, being an extremely busy woman and all and I had to pull a few strings and call in a favor to get you in so quickly, don’t be late.  If you are you could end up waiting weeks or months for another appointment.”
Standing quickly, suddenly anxious to leave and feeling claustrophobic, Raine held out his hand to shake the doctor’s and thanked him for his time.  He then beat a hasty retreat, stopping only to give the necessary paperwork to the front receptionist.  He smiled wanly when she wrote the information he would need, address and appointment on a small slip of paper and gave him a pert, cheerful smile, wishing him a pleasant day.
Somehow, he doubted that the rest of his day would be pleasant.
When Raine returned home from his doctor’s appointment he discovered that the cameras had vanished without a trace and the carpet looked like it had been quickly and recently vacuumed.  Well, he guessed if someone was going to break into his home and violate him further, it was only considerate that they vacuum up afterward and not get mud on the carpet.
Apparently, someone had taken the time to pick the locks instead of just breaking their way in and he might not have been grateful for the intrusion and he was mad but he was also weirdly glad that they hadn’t broken anything.
Swallowing his anger with an effort, he gazed at the floor in a kind of stupor.  This was frustrating and upsetting and he wanted to beat something or someone up because of it.  This was his home and he was supposed to be able to find sanctuary here but he couldn’t even count on being able to lock the door and keep anyone out and it made him want to get all kinds of violent and cuss.  As it was, he still faced one very important problem; he didn’t know at whom he should be cursing.  This effectively stripped him of a target for his fury and made him doubt himself; Raine was tripping on the edge and he knew it.
Out of the sheer number of expensive gadgets they could have taken, they had chosen the video cameras.  They were useless with the power cables torn like they were.  The television, DVD player and any of the vast arrays of limited and special edition movies that lined the shelves of the entertainment center, not to mention the stereo surround sound system he’d taken great care to install had all remained untouched.  A quick inspection of the house revealed that the only things that the intruder had taken, bothered with or searched for were the cameras and he was floored by that.  With the exception of the camera that he had hidden earlier in the boxed springs on his bed, all the others were gone.  They had obviously gone through the house in a hurry and hadn’t been careful enough to search for the last camera.  This left him reason to believe that the person who had broken into his house had done so just to get the cameras.  It had been a quick in and out and done and no evidence that they’d been there at all.
It didn’t make sense.  First, why would someone go to the trouble to watch his every move?  He could see it if he was someone particularly important but he wasn’t.  Then when it was discovered why take the chance and risk getting caught with something as simple as breaking into his house to take destroyed surveillance equipment?
Someone wanted to make him look and feel insane.  They wanted to make it appear to the world as if Raine had slipped off the deep end.  They wanted to make it seem as though he were a lunatic and a paranoid and blast it all, if he hadn’t hidden that one last camera, it would’ve worked.  Grinding his teeth in helpless rage, Raine growled from deep in his throat.  Knowing that showing his frustration would be as destructive as it was childish he turned on his heel and walked into the bedroom to start packing for what he had decided to make into an overnight vacation in Denver.
Grabbing his duffel bag from out of the bottom corner of the closet, he tossed clothes and everything else he’d need into it.  On last thought, he grabbed the last camera and stuffed it in the side of the duffel.  Then he closed the zipper on the bag with a flick of his wrist and fastened the clip that would lock it into place.
Grabbing his coat, car keys and a good book to pass the time, Raine locked up his house and left quietly.  He restrained the urge to look around the area in hopes that he might see someone looking decidedly guilty.  He wanted to find whoever did this and crush them like a bug.  He didn’t know if he’d be able to manage it but he really needed to blow off some steam and a good fight seemed like a good way.
The sharp report of gunfire shattered the morning stillness.
Momentarily startled by the sound and the hollow echo that followed, at first he didn’t realize that the bullet fired had been meant for him.  In fact, he didn’t understand at all until he looked dumbly over his right shoulder where, judging by the dull thud the bullet had lodged.
The hole was situated almost precariously at the corner of the house, splintered outward a few inches away from where his head had been bent while unlocking his car door.  If the bullet had been a hair’s breadth to the left and fired just one second earlier he would now lay helpless and dying on the ground and no one would have known he was there until it was too late, hidden from the view of the silent street by the hedges that lined the front of his property.
The second shot whizzed past him on his right, tearing through his coat and shattering the driver’s side mirror of his SUV, leaving the sharp scent of burned padding in its wake.
Quickly trying to gain control of his wits, he ducked to the cover of the SUV as well as he could.  His heart lurched in his chest and his breath came in quick, frightened and conversely relieved gasps.  On the one end, he might be able to see who was firing at him if he risked a peek from behind the flimsy cover of his vehicle.  It might be insightful but it might also be a drastically stupid maneuver because someone had apparently opened fire on his head.
Jesus, they wanted him dead now too?
As a matter of their profession, Raine knew that a sniper only carried three bullets; firing any more than three rounds and they risked exposing their position and if they couldn’t manage to hit their target with one of those shots they might want to consider another line of work.  It was useless fact until now that he had learned researching a report when he was younger and this one had fired two.  If they kept to that rule then he or she would only have one bullet left which also left Raine’s chances marginally greater that he would be able to escape.  If he could get this one to fire that last shot and miss, he might manage to live through this.
The icy, pristine morning had enveloped him once again in perfect stillness and contrarily kept its secrets.  Now that he knew they were there, they would risk nothing to stay hidden and Raine wasn’t willing to risk his neck to get them to give away their position.  Getting them to fire the last shot wasn’t going to work but he could get the hell out of there quickly and hope that if they fired, that last shot would miss.
Carefully, Raine reached up and opened the door of his vehicle and, keeping his head as low as possible with his heart pounding in agonized lurches and sweat tracing a tickling, freezing path down the back of his neck, he climbed into the SUV and threw his duffel into the passenger seat.  Keeping his head low, he pushed the key into the ignition clumsily and started the engine, amazed and relieved but not surprised when the third shot echoed through the silence.  Seeming to have been a wild shot, it glanced off the frame of the car directly above where the shattered mirror now was.  The concussion caused the glass in the window next to him to shatter and rain in on him.  Shards of glass stung the back of his hand and planted small tears here and there on the left sleeve of his jacket.
Despite the flecks of glass that rained in on him, relief swept through him like a balm.  The sudden ease on his percipient consciousness was so complete that it left him shaken, dizzy and weak.  He was so sure that the threat had passed, not something that he knew with his conscious mind but something he felt.  He felt it so keenly in fact that he sat up in his seat where he had been ducking as far down as he was able while trying to escape the gun that had been sighted down the back of his head.  Where he’d been shuddering and shaking before, now he straightened defiantly in his seat and faced the windshield, watching in the rearview mirror as he backed down the drive and onto the road, fearless and controlled.
Blackness crept into Raine’s peripheral vision and with an inward shout of latent panic he put his foot on the gas pedal and angled the SUV toward Denver.  With no apparent knowledge of what he was doing or where he was going, his conscious thoughts swam downward into a black abyss smothered beneath the weight of a sudden blackout.

Vince Avery cursed softly from his perch in the trees across the street from Raine’s home as he watched his target drive away unscathed.  The boss wouldn’t like this he knew for sure.  His orders had been to eliminate the threat as soon as possible.
Instead, he had found himself feeling something like fascinated amusement and had studied the man until it was too late.  By the time he’d come to his senses, he had been unable to focus.  Now he dreaded having to give the boss his report which would outline his failure, no matter how Vince tried to gloss over the crucial facts.  There was no way the boss would be okay with Vince telling him that he had missed because he’d been interested in the target.  This was not good at all.
Waiting motionless until he saw the dark colored SUV disappear over the horizon and then climbing clumsily down from his frozen stand in the tree he once more landed on solid ground.
He brushed snow and black splinters of tree bark from his clothing in a kind of retentive rage at his own failure to act.  Then he turned and trudged slowly across a fresh, snow-swept vista where he saw only the bleak ashes of his future, floating aimlessly on the howling wind.  Endless hours of hard work and dedication and years of exhausting mental and physical labor blew away with a cold gust of wind sparkling with snow.
Trying to dismiss the knot of apprehension that had tightened his stomach, he struggled uselessly to stop thinking about the hard silver-blue eyes that he would see when he returned to report to the boss.
Though he had no idea how he had gotten there, Raine arrived in Denver to the welcome of an all-encompassing fog.  Black and unbroken in the dark of a winter-spring evening, a gentle mist had enveloped the vehicle in a kind of haze, marking his arrival with depressing solitude.
His foot, which had been planted firmly on the gas pedal, suddenly came loose and he slowed the vehicle down, quelling the urge to stomp on the brake.  That would’ve been just as disastrous a maneuver as if he’d continued to hurtle at reckless velocity down the street.
He wasn’t so very worried about the weather though because solitude seemed the most promising avenue at the moment.  In fact he wrapped himself gleefully and shamelessly in his loneliness with single-minded determination.  He blanketed himself rudely and passionately within an icy wall of indifference.  He thought endlessly about the things he’d seen and faced in the last days and the nagging fear that Dr. Cliff was right.
If he was completely honest with himself, he was scared out of his mind.  He might be dying or going insane or both and that was uncomfortable for him and he didn’t think anyone else would be comfortable with it.  It wasn’t fair, he was too young for this and he didn’t like it at all.  He wanted to scream and holler and rage even though it wouldn’t do any good or change anything and he felt kind of thwarted because the idea of throwing a tantrum had a certain appeal.
Of course, brave fronts were just that and his was wearing thin and falling apart like a liquid illusion.  He was not fond of surprises and this ranked right up there at the pinnacle of nasty ones and he found himself fighting the insane urge to scream like a child in frustrated confusion.
He drove in search of a hotel room instead.  He needed to eat and sleep and he couldn’t ignore that, either.

Raine pulled into the parking lot at the Wayside Motel after driving aimlessly for an hour and a half lost in thought.  He’d had to remind himself repeatedly during the ride that he needed to find a room for the night.
He’d driven without thinking about the direction that he aimed the car.  He’d discarded room after room out of hand until the need for fuel and a bathroom break had forced him to pull into a gas station.  Worry and the certainty that this was all wrong and it couldn’t be happening gnawed at him.
He knew that the doctor could be wrong.  There was no way to know for sure until he had gotten tested and gotten the results.  Even if Dr. Cliff was wrong, however small the possibility Raine needed to prepare for the worst and hope for the best.  It wasn’t okay to walk around feeling sorry for himself and he knew that finding it early enough was the key to successful treatment so if he did have a tumor in his brain, he hoped that it was early enough to make a difference.
Trying to think about something else he looked up and down the street, still mildly paranoid from the gunfire earlier.  He probably wouldn’t be shot at again here but he still couldn’t help being a little worried and he couldn’t fault himself for his edginess.
Then he’d spotted the hotel and known that he should stay there even though the reason escaped him now as he got a good look at the place.  The name “Wayside” suited it perfectly, as if it had been cast just there along time ago.
The two-story brick structure falling apart before his eyes would have been beautiful once, probably when it had been first built.  Now, what could be charming and quaint or even cozy with a little care and maintenance was falling into hopeless disrepair and would no doubt be condemned soon.  The weary neon sign outside was probably the most recent insult to the landscaping and advertised cheap fares and cable.
He was standing in the weather at the gas station and looking at the exterior of the building.  Taking in the cracked and broken bricks and the precariously hanging shutters Raine had felt the need to seek solace.  He was not in the mood to face the staff and guests at a nicer place, and the seedy little hole appealed to him for that reason.  He cared about paying for a room and being left alone and he’d get that at the Wayside.
He rented a room for the night and asked that he be given a wake-up call the next morning at six, watching the little bug-eyed man who called himself the manager contemptuously, warily.  With thick rubbery lips trying unsuccessfully to control his tongue which licked in a greedy and very disgusting way, a pasty complexion and greasy hair dyed jet-black and slicked straight back, he looked cheap.
As if his appearance weren’t enough the air that surrounded him positively reeked.   His alcohol laden breath and beer belly were enough to send even the most gracious people edging uncomfortably away.  His eyes were small, black and beady, red rimmed and unsteady with drink and his name tag said Ronald.  Raine smiled weakly in return when the man greeted him and smiled.
But within thirty seconds and no questions asked, he was given the key to a dingy little room on the ground floor.  Walking toward the room he tried to ignore the feeling that he was being watched and firmly quelled the urge to jog a little while he breathed deeply to clear the smell from Ronald the friendly hotel manager that lingered unpleasantly in his nostrils.
When he got into the room, he turned immediately to shut the door and lock it.  He had needed to find a place where he could rest and relax.  He hadn’t seen anyone following him, having repeatedly checked his mirrors for a tail as soon as he had come out of the mental fog on the drive to Denver, he still needed somewhere he could let loose and let his guard down and be a worried wreck if he chose to be.  His smooth surface was beginning to crumble and he knew that if he showed that he was losing it, it would be all they needed to make a swift, gruesome ending in this game they played.  It was a twisted kind of cat and mouse and Raine was the mouse.
Disturbed at the wildly morbid direction of his thoughts and seething inwardly at his own reaction to them, Raine flattened the palms of his hands against the door in an effort to focus and calm himself.  Then he turned to survey his surroundings, laughing softly at the tattered state of the room he had chosen to be his home away from home.
The room was carpeted in what once would have been white, blue and lavender that he only saw near the walls now.  It had been walked on so long and not replaced that it was worn to nothing in several spots and thin as tissue paper in most others.  The wallpaper was old and yellowish and there was a choking, musty smell coming from the entire room.  Raine opened the window, coughed lightly and decided it would be nicer to just keep the window open for a little while.  There were large stains on the ceiling from water damage and he didn’t dare venture into the bathroom.  He wasn’t that brave.
Dropping his bag on the bed with a soft thud, he sat and grabbed the television remote and hit the power button.  He couldn’t stop thinking though and his mind ran amok with a combination of philosophical fear and icy reality.
On the surface everything looked so normal, so routine.  Underneath was where it got interesting because he couldn’t completely discard the idea that he might be sick and dying and even that he might be seeing things.  That kind of stuff happened when you had a lump in your brain but it just didn’t feel right.  Of course, the alternative was that he really had things floating around him and he was being shot at.  That wasn’t terribly positive, either.  So at this point to sum up his situation, he was either a dead man or a dead man and this line of reasoning just got better and better.  He decided that hated puzzles almost as much as he hated surprises.
The sense that he was supposed to mastermind this puzzle had chased him doggedly for the miles that he’d driven in search of this God forsaken hole.  Now that he had found his way here however, he had no idea how else to move forward and no idea what puzzle piece to fit next.
That frustrated him endlessly, the helpless feeling that came from not knowing which direction to turn next and not understanding the clues that were given to him were consistently irregular.  He hated feeling inadequate to the task of trying to figure this out because frankly, he couldn’t afford a misstep.  It would kill him and he was beginning to feel like he was on a merry-go-round with no beginning and no end.  He didn’t like merry-go-rounds either, they made him feel sick.
Answers too vague to be understood floated across his memory and Raine made a mental lunge, grabbing manfully for something that danced out of his reach on the turbulent waves of his consciousness. He didn’t believe anymore that this was sheer coincidence and his mind revolved around two points.  First and foremost, the people spying on him were not the ones creating the recent spectacular events.  Instead, they seemed to be taking a more “stick and run” approach.  They’d walk up, try to knock him one and then rabbit very quickly like he was threatening them.  Could this possibly be the reason they were after him?  Did he pose some kind of threat to them, and must he therefore be eliminated?
Someone was acting like this was a particular catalyst.  His logical mind screamed that these pieces of this puzzle, the ones that were missing were going to pose the greatest risk trying to piece together.  Unfortunately, they were also turning out to be the largest part of the entire picture with the rest unrecognizable until they were firmly in place with the others.
And then there was the little matter of the gunman to add to his problems.  The person who had shot at him had shown him beyond a shadow of a doubt that he was the object of someone’s interest.  Weapons weren’t fired without reason; someone wanted him gone, silenced permanently.  The problem that remained was that he had no idea what he had done to deserve their animosity.  The cameras had been a gross infringement on his right to privacy and so he had rightfully gotten rid of it.
With so many questions going through his mind in rapid sequence and no answers with which to lay them to rest, he found that his unease was stripped away to reveal the weariness inside.  Collapsing back on the bed, he forced himself to concentrate on clearing his mind.  Taking deep breaths and doing a few simple relaxation exercises, he began to feel the tension drain from his body in layers and he succumbed to the ebb and flow of the tide that carried him to slumber.

Vince watched the older man fall at his feet.  In a state of blind contempt Vince kicked him, hearing the man’s ribs give with a satisfying snap.  The old man choked and he spat great mouthfuls of blood but he wouldn’t budge.  He wouldn’t say a word to Vince as sheer dint of will levered him upright.  Then he slowly stood, bearing the pain that wracked his battered and broken body with stoic bravery and dauntless determination.
Vince almost had to respect the guy; he was stubborn as hell.  Vince was twenty years younger and outweighed him by at least a hundred pounds and the man had to fear for his life, but he never said a word to Vince but the pain that glazed his eyes would bring him to his knees soon.
Vince did so enjoy this part of the job.  He loved the brutal impact of fist against flesh and the warm, sour, metallic smell of blood and sweat intermingled.
Vince grabbed the old man’s shirt and pulled him up so that they were nose to nose.  He heard the gasp and damp wheeze from the old man that he tried desperately to conceal.  Both sides of the man’s face were battered and bruised from cruel blows.  Both eyes were swollen shut and his mouth dribbled blood from the corner.  Killing the old man would be an act of mercy after such a beating.  He was now drowning in his own blood from puncture wounds his lungs had taken with the splintered bones from his broken ribs.
Vince lifted one large, meaty fist and the older man instinctively and weakly threw his hands up in front of his face to block the blow that he probably felt coming.  In a state of furious admiration, Vince hit the guy one more time before he gave him another chance to talk.  He asked in a low growl that usually brought men to their knees but seemed to have no effect on his current target, “What do you know about Raine?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” the man gasped through his blood and the vicious chokehold Vince had on him.  Then he coughed weakly.
“Liar,” Vince hissed, and threw him across the room.  With a low gurgle of pain, he collapsed against the wall and his eyes rolled into the back of his head, unconscious.
Cursing and pivoting on his heel, he went in search of a glass of water to wake the man back up.  When he returned, he dumped the water over the man’s face and watched it cleanse some of the blood that ran from the old man’s eyes and nose.  Vince jerked him upright and shook the man to try and get him to listen, “You know something, and you’re gonna tell me what it is.”
“Ought to know better than that by now,” the man mumbled feebly, then his head rolled back and his eyes closed again, surrendering to blackness a second time.
Finally losing his patience and cursing the man even in his senseless state, Vince lifted his weapon.  He took aim and shot Dr. Clifford Maxwell, unconscious and helpless, dead center between the eyes.

Vince walked calmly out to his car from the front door of the dead doctor’s home.  He got into his car and withdrew from the inside pocket of his trench coat the small packet of papers that he had found in Clifford’s home, work that the man had evidently taken home with him.
The first few pages were nothing important as best he could tell.  The fourth page was a list of notes detailing a most unusual story.  A tale of frightening hallucinations and weird phenomena that the good doctor had apparently thought needed additional research. 
An out of work interest in a patient wasn’t particularly uncommon for doctors, so Vince would normally have passed over the papers as nothing important.  Judging by the notes and additional side comments that Cliff had been jotting in the margins of the paper the man had seen the need for additional study and it still wouldn’t be all that interesting except for the name on the chart:  Raine Donnelly.
Vince felt his heart trip over with excitement because the trail had not run cold.  A note had been written at the bottom, the name and address of one Dr. Lynn Calloway.  He decided that the lady doctor was going to get a surprise visitor to see if she knew anything that she shouldn’t.
Vince seized the moment for the opportunity it was.  He began to whistle an off-key rendition of a little tune he had learned when he’d been young as he started the car.  He backed it boldly down the driveway, angling the headlights southeast to the city of Denver, Colorado.
Raine knew he was not alone.  He knew it as surely as he knew that the forbidding presence he felt rather than saw was cause for alarm.
He was in the dark place again but this time he found that he was unable to move his feet which were planted solidly on the floor.  The moist air stank of solitude and spoke with the silent voices of the unfortunate, the keening cry of the forever lost.
He tried to shout for help but his cry was cut short by the large, beefy hand that encircled his neck and drove him backwards against the barrier of fire.
Screaming pain climbed up his back, stretching lazily into the baser part of his skull and tingling with burning points of hottest agony before his eyes.  He wondered dimly through a crimson haze of pain why he could not have lifted his feet if he tried and yet the shapeless specter in the darkness had lifted him with no apparent effort.  Raine was held aloft as easily as if he were nothing more than a child.
The black malevolence that he felt from his shadow cloaked foe scalded him as neatly and surely as the burn of the barrier against his back.  He fought back, goaded by pure instinct.  His arms flailed uselessly and his body twisted, convulsing with the pain from the wall behind him.
Water rushed into the room, the cool gurgle unmistakable in the unbroken hush of silent combat.  It hit his toes and then swirled over the tops of his feet, emitting a hissing gurgle at first contact with the barrier only to slosh higher and gurgle more loudly in the silence.
White-hot agony encompassed him again and he shuddered slightly which was the only move he could seem to make next to the assault at his front.  Tendrils of fire traced their way up his back and down his legs, leaving him no doubt that he would be scarred from prolonged contact with the burning barrier.  He felt like the flesh was being burned off his back layer by layer until nothing would remain but a hideously scarred sweep of muscle and burned bone.
Someone held him against that barrier, knowing the pain that it caused him.  They knew that his nerves tingled with agony each time the lightest contact was made and the thought enraged him.  His struggles began in earnest then as he forced himself to think less about the pain and more about the one who attacked him.  This coward who would face him under cover of blackness but not in the plain light of day wanted to bring him to his knees and fold him beneath an excruciating weight that would not end.
The nemesis refused to budge with his struggles, only shoving him harder against the wall.  Raine felt himself starting to give into the pain, his will weakened and his struggles began to cease.
They wanted to break him, he suddenly knew and pain would be the perfect catalyst.  Everyone eventually gave in to pain and everyone who had tried to withstand it lost their minds amid the hurt.  They wanted to shape and mold his mind.  He had no idea why but their motive was clear now.
He couldn’t give up.  The despair that rose within him was shadowed only by the idea that he would never willingly be someone else’s puppet.  He could never see himself just following orders and never thinking for himself.  This thought alone renewed his flagging struggles.  He was not only flailing his arms now but kicking his feet as well, the water that had now reached mid-calf splashing with his useless fighting.
The barrier refused to yield and so did the hand that clamped firmly around his throat.
A memory flashed vividly across his mind’s eye, crystal clear and diamond bright.  He found himself catapulted back to something he didn’t know.  It was a memory that he didn’t remember having and would discount except for the emotions that flooded his heart…
A doctor stood over him, recognizable only by the white lab jacket that he wore.  He was a middle-aged man with thinning light brown hair and a receding hairline.  He had a slight paunch showing that he had let himself go physically in his middle age and he had not aged well.  Thick, heavy jowls hung from a pasty, tired face.  Heavy bags rimmed the underside of his eyes and the corners of his mouth seemed to be perpetually weighted down in a deep and unbroken frown.  His hands were thick fingered and meaty and not terribly dexterous.  They were shaking right now but whether from fear or age Raine didn’t know.  He had an unsmiling demeanor and the bedside manner of a hungry and impatient piranha.  He seemed to want to get this done and get on to other things.
The man lifted something into Raine’s line of sight and he shuddered when he saw it.
It was a hypodermic needle, large and gruesome looking in the fluorescent light.  Raine knew with an instinct he didn’t understand and didn’t question that he wanted no part of what was in that syringe.  No matter what was in it he knew that the contents were to be avoided just like he knew the doctor would use it on him whether he liked it or not.
He started to struggle which he found out was pointless in that he had restrained with ridiculous care.  Sturdy brown leather straps bound him in three places on his legs, at ankle, knee and thigh and on his arms, first on the wrist, then elbows and shoulders and three more straps securing him snugly in varying places on his torso and abdomen.  He was as immobile as anyone would hope not to be and just as helpless.
The doctor bent to the task of cleaning Raine’s arm with an alcohol soaked swab, the acid smell assaulting Raine’s nose.  Then he jammed the needle into the vein on Raine’s arm with malignant glee.  He watched with a satisfied smile as Raine winced and clenched his jaw until he feared his teeth might crack under the pressure.  Removing the needle from his arm, the doctor looked at Raine and talked to him as he would a child, assuring him that soon it would all be over.
Raine didn’t understand the doctor’s friendliness; it was in opposition with the coldness in the man’s eyes.  They were an emotionless amber color and they glowed with a kind of insane dispassion that told Raine he was a man who had seen and done too many things and had killed his conscience years ago.  Of all the things Raine remembered it was the glasses he remembered the most.  He knew every glimmer and flash and contour of those glasses and he hated them bitterly.
I know who you are…
The thought threaded through his mind and he struggled not to voice it.  He was not entirely sure and unwilling to test it that his innermost thoughts wouldn’t come out once his silence had been broken.
The doctor began to talk to him in a way that seemed to take on the cloying hiss of sweet lies from the forked tongue of a serpent. Raine struggled through a drug-induced fog to focus on what the doctor said.  When that proved too much effort he began to concentrate on the surroundings of the room.  He looked at anything and everything he could to avoid the heaviness that threatened to tear him away from everything.
You’re the one who taught me what it is to fear…
Slipping between consciousness and a foggy stupor, sort of a dream within a dream, his eyes fell on the chart by the table and he wondered dimly at the letterhead that was printed at the top of the first page: RevTech, Inc.
Funny, he thought with a dopey half-smile, could’ve sworn I was in a hospital.  Then he spun off into oblivion, surrendering to a black void that would not be ignored or fought…

Startled back to the dark by the hand insistently tightening on his throat and the hiss and gurgle of rising water that had now reached his waist, Raine struggled with new strength against the iron-hard grip that bound him.  His body tightened against the pain and burn of the wall that he’d almost stopped feeling.
Through his closed eyelids, he saw the light above him that heralded the opening of the trapdoor and the arrival of the woman’s hand.
He tried to get a look at his assailant who, judging by the palm at his throat and the terrifying strength of the attack would be a giant.  Raine eyes first opened then became huge and round with petrified wonder as he found himself face to face not with a large, rather hairy giant of a man, but with nothing at all.  He was fighting thin air.
Upon finding this out, the hand released him and he dropped to his feet and stumbled slightly to catch himself, the pain from the wall renewing itself with vigor now that contact had been broken.
The ring bedecked hand extended into the darkness.  It groped blindly for a moment with jerky urgency in the movements, then clenched uselessly and withdrew again.
Raine tried to shout to her but the shout would not come.  Frustrated, he pivoted because his feet were rooted again and searched the water that had now reached his waist for any sign of debris he could use to get her attention.  He saw nothing and watched in helpless rage as the trapdoor was closed and he was covered in pure, unbreakable blackness once again.
He had to fight the urge to break down, to fall to his knees and simply give up as he saw his doom rising up to meet him in the form of a merciless wall of water.  Swirling and lapping at his shoulders and neck in sinuous waves, his death rose to meet him much too quickly.   He kept his eyes trained upward, trying not to panic and clinging to the fading hope that someone would find him and rescue him before it was too late.
He sputtered and coughed as the water reached his mouth and then his nose.  He heard himself taking deep, shattered breaths as he fought terror and panic.
“I wait for you…”
The words cut through the gurgle of the water that was rising over him.  Raine wondered dimly at the gentle, melodious voice that talked to him while he waited for death with dismal resignation.  He wondered how he had heard the voice over the rushing water that filled his ears and was now lapping up over his mouth and nose.
The water closed over his head.
A small voice inside his head urged him to give over, to accept what was happening and not question it.
His lungs burned within his chest, bursting with the need for air.  He let go the breath that he had been holding.  Then he inhaled the water with bitter acceptance that filled the chamber in which he was entombed, letting himself fall and giving up a useless fight…

Waking with a start, drenched in sweat, the room unaccountably hot and musty, Raine heard a strangled howl of terror issue from his throat then realized that he was alive.  He followed that immediately by taking several huge, gulping breaths during which time he struggled with the need to lash out and defend himself.  He felt like he was going insane and needed to crush anything that moved.
He got off the bed quickly, wanting nothing more than to forget.  He wanted to forget everything; his life in Colorado, the things he’d seen, the black outs, the cloud of death that hung over his head.  Most of all he wanted to forget the last few days and find comfort in the thought that this was all going to be over soon when he knew the truth.  Or he died, whichever came first.
Turning to straighten the covers on the bed, he saw the dark patch on the bedspread that marked where he had lain in his sleep.  It was as if the nylon had been heated just enough to scorch the material slightly, showing up as a dark area.  How had it been put there?  And why was it that the spot on the bed looked so like the handprints in the shower stall?  Why did they both look like the spot had been heated and why was it only where his skin made contact?
“I wait for you…”
The words flitted through his mind, teasing him.  He thought immediately about the laughter he had heard the other morning and knew that the voices were the same.  Her voice had gotten through the water that flooded his ears and he had heard it clearly.  It was like she had been standing beside him talking to him and aside from the fact that the words had echoed inside his mind, his heart had recognized it.  Why could he not figure out the link between the woman and the understanding that called to him?  And why when he had been unable to move his feet so much as an inch off the ground, could a tremendous hulk of…nothingness? He wondered blankly…lift him and hold him up like that?
Then he understood.  Of all the things that had gone on, all of them had drawn from an irrational well.  He had been trying to find the logic in this mess or the method to the madness.  What if logic couldn’t explain what was happening?  What if the answer to all his questions was beyond the bounds of reason?  What if he couldn’t reach the answer he was seeking by looking at what was normal, but by stretching his imagination to its limits?
Logic could explain almost anything from cars to space exploration but it couldn’t always explain why and that was what he was wondering now.  Why was he feeling and remembering these things when he scarcely recognized them?  Why did he know instinctively that the woman held all his answers and that his life depended on finding her?  If he was going to live, he had to be able to think about things a little differently and he needed to start with discarding logical and allow for a variable or two.
He glanced at his watch and was relieved that he hadn’t slept through his appointment, though he would still have to hurry so he could make it on time.
Grabbing the change of clothes that he’d brought with him, he hurriedly changed and started turning out the pockets of his dirty pants, surprised when an odd piece of paper fell to the ground from the left pocket.  Picking it up, he was even more surprised when the slip of paper turned out to be a receipt from a small strip mall a few miles outside of Denver that he knew about from previous trips because he liked to grab a bite at the eatery that was there.
There was a small department store next to the restaurant and Raine went from shocked to stumped when he read the receipt and found that it came from the department store and not the eatery.  Another thing stood out in his mind because apparently, he’d decided to buy clearance winter gear but that wasn’t what grabbed his attention and held it.
The receipt showed purchases in excess of three hundred dollars.  What was more, reading the receipt left him rocking somewhere between profound mystification and demented hilarity as he noticed that had he bought a complete set of winter gear for himself and for a woman and two girls as well.
Sierra guided two sleepy-eyed, grouchy little girls out to the waiting cab early on the morning of their departure.  They had not been able to settle down and sleep last night.  Their excitement was unusual but understandable and she expected them to be cranky and tired today.
It had been five this morning that she had risen to try and get the girls ready on time.  When she’d finally taken the time to wake up with a couple of cups of strong, aromatic coffee and a hot shower, feeling refreshed, she went to wake the girls.
She hadn’t had the heart to wake them any earlier than she had to.  They looked so peaceful when they slept and she hadn’t wanted to hear as much grumbling from them when they were finally pried out of bed.
When she had been unable to put it off anymore, she woke the twins and made sure they got dressed despite the whining.  Then she wrestled some breakfast down them even if they were too antsy to sit still.  By the time she called the cab and had them ready and leaving, she was afraid she was already running late.
The cab driver, whether he was blind which didn’t really seem logical or just plain didn’t care extended help only as far as popping open the trunk.  Grumbling to herself, Sierra hefted the three suitcases inside.
Mumbling a few choice words about the man’s attitude and disposition got her nothing more for her trouble than a cold smile and a blank stare.  Rolling her eyes, Sierra slipped into the cab and told the driver curtly where they were going.  When she was rewarded with a curt nod from the cab driver as he pulled away from the curb she took a deep breath, counted slowly to ten and quelled the urge to pout.  She took refuge in the stony silence that positively oozed from the surly cab driver, and turned to concentrate on the girls.  They didn’t seem to want to sleep (what a pity) and firmly dashed her hopes for a quiet flight.
Rain is falling…
Raine…The two words were so alike, too alike for comfort.
Raine is falling…
The words that Renee had spoken earlier in the week came back to her and she turned in her seat to ask about it.  Carefully she asked, “Renee, Elizabeth?  Do you remember last week when you said Daddy was waiting?”
“What?  Oh sure…Yeah Mom, why?” It was Elizabeth who spoke because Renee didn’t express herself very well.
“Do you know what you meant when you said that?” She asked off handedly.
“Yeah, I meant that it feels like he’s waiting.” Elizabeth replied, looking curious and resigned all at once.  Then she rolled her eyes in a cute way that reminded Sierra of Raine.  It would’ve made her smile more effectively if she wasn’t already frustrated.
“Do you know what he’s waiting for?” This was ridiculous.  Raine was dead for three long years now.  She shouldn’t be asking her kids these questions.  They would only make the girls look forward to their dad coming home when he never would.
“When I know, you will,” Renee challenged with a shrug and her features tightened with stress.  Then both twins seemed to dismiss the subject because they wouldn’t say any more.  The upsetting part was that the twins wouldn’t even answer her anymore when she asked a question and they both knew better.
Sierra ground her teeth to stop herself from shouting.  She took another deep breath, holding it for longer this time before she let it out slowly and tried to let the matter go.  The girls didn’t want to talk about it and she could see that.  It wasn’t really fair for her to pressure them.  Besides, it wouldn’t do any good and she was damned determined to relax and enjoy herself so she really didn’t see the point in making her and the twins mad.
Turning back around in her seat and rubbing her fingers over her forehead, she gave up the fight.  She glanced at the clock on the dashboard of the cab and read the glowing green numbers, exhaling a sigh of relief when she saw it was seven-thirty.  They would be on time for their eight forty-five flight.
She tried to concentrate on the week of relaxing and the beautiful, snow covered mountains of Colorado.  She tried to remember the smell of the crisp, fresh air and to recall exactly what it was like to drive through the mountains, envisioning what she remembered as being so idyllic.
Her memories were fuzzy and vague because she hadn’t visited Colorado in years but she could still remember what the mountains looked like in the spring and summer, fresh and green at the base with just a hint of snow at the top.   She could recall just how beautiful they were in an oncoming storm with low, dark gray clouds and shrouded in mist.
She had been lost in her memories, listening to the kids with half an ear and facing the front quietly.  So when the cab driver unbent enough to look over and smile, her eyebrow lifted gently in surprise.  His mouth turned up at the corners, he looked at her and said softly, “They sure try the patience, don’t they?”
She replied ruefully, “I love them to pieces, but sometimes I just want to strangle them.  Lord, they’re going to drive me to drink one of these days!”
He laughed at that and told her, “I know, I have three of my own.  How old are yours?”
“Six, going on twenty,” She told him, “You said you have three kids, how old are they?”
“Mine are eight, four and ten months, she was the one up all night with a fever,” He replied.  Then he rubbed a tired hand over his face, rubbed his eyes and turned his attention back to the road in front of him.
“How long has she been sick?” Sierra asked softly.
“I’ve been up two nights in a row,” He told her, “Her fever finally broke at five o’clock this morning and I had an hour to get some sleep and get up for work.”
“Where was their mother?” Sierra asked because it only seemed right that mother and father would take turns taking care of a sick baby.
“She died having the youngest,” He told her quietly, “I didn’t get it then and I still don’t.  One minute she was there and the next she wasn’t, the doctors couldn’t even seem to explain it.”
“I’m sorry, my husband died too, so I know how hard it is.” She told him.  She saw his confused look and added, “They insist that he’s waiting for something and I can’t get them to talk.  He’s been dead for three years.”
“I see,” He said and then asked, “Are they having some trouble accepting it?”
“I think so,” She answered.
“It really isn’t easy, raising kids on your own,” He agreed and then added, “My name’s Brent, but everyone calls me Skinny, don’t know why.” He added, lovingly caressing a formidable paunch.
“I don’t either, I’m Sierra,” She said to him with a grin.
“Going on a vacation?” He asked her, nodding at her tourist garb.
“Yeah, Colorado,” She replied, “I need the break.”
“I hear it’s pretty cold there right now, some freak winter or something,” Brent said, “Going to give the slopes a try?” He asked her as he merged into the lane that would take them to the airport.
“Only if I can keep myself on my feet this time,” she told him, slanting him a laughing look. “I can’t seem to stay off my backside when I go skiing, or when I get into a pair of roller skates for that matter.” She heard him laugh and added, “Anything that moves under my feet when I’m standing up and I might as well forget it.  I just can’t seem to keep my balance.”
“Me either.”
Sierra laughed and felt a weight lift off of her.  She hadn’t realized until now just how tense she was, how worried and anxious she had felt for the last several months.  She began to understand now how much she truly needed this worry free week.
The cab stopped in front of the airport and Brent told her, “Here you go.” Then he tossed her an apologetic look and said, “I can’t help you with your bags, I’ve got a bad back.  I can’t lift more than fifteen pounds, doctor’s orders.”
Surprised, she looked at him and said, “Why didn’t you say so?  I thought you were just a jerk earlier.”
“Wasn’t really in the mood,” He said, shrugging so he wasn’t lazy or rude, just injured.
“Don’t worry about it, I’ll take care of it,” She told him, and saw his relief.
“Take care,” He told her, “And have fun.” He added, then reached down and pulled the lever to open the trunk.
Turning to the girls, who had been largely silent, she told them in a sternly, “We’re going into the airport now, girls.  You need to stay right beside me, no wandering because I’m carrying all the suitcases.  Got it?”
Two pairs of solemn, intense blue eyes met her stern gaze and they nodded in unison.  Satisfied that they had been warned and duly impressed, she paid Brent.  He smiled and wished her luck as she got out of the car, got their bags and opened the door for the twins to scramble out of the backseat.
Then, hefting the three suitcases and sternly reminding the girls to stay with her, she turned and headed into the airport.  Immediately she got a luggage cart then went to check their bags and find their terminal.
She hurried the twins, who wanted to stop and look at things and they ended up taking time they didn’t have.  Finally and with determination, she herded them to the terminal and onto the plane with the final boarding call.
Getting the girls settled and taking her seat with five minutes to spare until departure, she exhaled a sigh and sat back.  She was leaving all her problems behind for a week and she was reveling in it.
She felt the last of the tension that had knotted her shoulders melting away.  Then she felt the plane break away from the gate and begin its slow taxi out onto the runway.  They waited a few minutes before the captain’s voice came over the intercom.  Confidently he told the passengers that they had just been cleared for take-off and would be leaving for Denver, Colorado momentarily, a blessedly uninterrupted flight.
Then the plane lurched and then began to move, gathering the speed that it would need for take-off.  The engines hummed and the plane lifted from the ground.  Sierra felt like her stomach had dropped into her feet and she swallowed repeatedly to help keep her ears from popping.
Then the plane leveled, the fasten seatbelt sign blinked off and the pilot’s voice came over the intercom again, letting the passengers know that the weather was beautiful and promised a smooth flight.  They would be arriving in Colorado in just a few short hours.
She looked at the twins, relieved that both were comfortable on their first flight.  She had expected them to be a little nervous but they were preoccupied with the coloring books that she’d brought along and only interrupted her twice to show her their carefully colored drawings.  Raine had been meticulous and orderly, too.
A sharp stab of longing pierced her when she thought about him and she tried very deliberately to push him from her thoughts.  She still grieved for him but she was not going to let that get in her way this week.
With a conscious effort, she forced herself to focus only on herself, the children and their arrival in Colorado.  After all, they were in mid-flight, and she was on vacation.
Lindfried Hospital was a towering structure; a tall, imposing building of stone and mortar, bleak and uninviting in the early morning sunlight that spilled from chinks and cracks in the clouds.  On first look everything was quiet and the tired looking third shift nurses were gratefully if not gracefully making a mass exodus.
Raine faced the building for a moment before he gathered his courage and forced himself to walk into the hush.  Inside, the main entrance was far more airy than it appeared.  Dove gray carpeting and powder blue walls were a rather dramatic contrast when coupled with the teak paneling on the elevator doors.  There were large paintings hung around the room and windows easily his height and then some were spaced closely together capturing a spectacular view of the mountains on a Colorado morning.
To the theological mind, the eastward direction of the view might represent hope like the first rays of the morning sun.  Right now, his eyes recoiled from the glare.
Without warning the room seemed to want to close in on him, fold inward and crush him.  Raine breathed a couple of deep breaths in an attempt to stop his dread.  His heart began to pound and sweat traced its way down his temple.
Lightheadedness seized him and Raine clenched his fists.  This would not, could not happen now.
There was a concussion like the beat of a great bass drum and the windows began to rattle as if someone or something struck them.  A definable rhythm emerged like the pulse that pounded in Raine’s temples.
Several of the visitors and staff around the entrance stepped back from the front doors, gasping in alarm.  They looked around with unsure frowns.  Most of the people looked like they were still trying to decide what to do while others began to pray quietly and everyone began to back away from the front windows.
Though he recognized the goings on around him, Raine didn’t give any of it much thought.  He focused on calming the maddened rhythm of his heart while the somber feeling that plagued him got worse.  Sweat poured off of him.  The room was getting hot, too hot.  Raine took off his jacket and the already sweltering room got hotter until waves of heat floated in front of his vision, distorting images wildly as the periphery of his gaze faded into nothingness.
The windows rattled harder.  The rhythm pulsed louder.  Raine clapped his hands over his ears in an attempt to filter out the noise but it only seemed to make it more deafening.  He groaned pathetically and whimpered.  He didn’t think anyone noticed, they were watching the windows.
A crack appeared in one of the panes and then branched outward, spreading until with a last, piercing screech the glass blew inward on a furious gust of arctic air.  Rage and terror warred within him and he sank deeper, deeper into an excruciating nothingness, only aware of the hammering pulse that drove outward from inside him.
With a high pitched, scratchy whine cracks began to appear in the window next to it, the one directly in his field of vision.  The fissures spread outward like a snake, finding each window one by one until, with a final shriek of tortured glass and the shuddering pulse of an invisible impact, all the windows violently dissolved.
Broken shards of glass tore through anything they contacted.  There were shouts of surprise and pain that echoed in Raine’s ears from those who had been too close to the windows when they rained inward; that and the dull thud of glass finding walls, carpet and clothes.  The bone numbing blast of sub-zero wind that followed immediately thereafter whipped the remaining flakes into a dangerous frenzy, winking and sparkling here and there in the light that poured through the now nonexistent face of the hospital.
From somewhere on the outskirts of his consciousness a woman cried out.  The small, frightened sound traveled the distance that gripped him and his vision cleared.  The crushing weight of the air around him lifted and calmed.  The pulsing stopped and the frightened pounding of his heart subsided and everything was strangely quiet for a moment.  Then he heard the gasps and groans of bystanders and frightened victims.
Desperately shaking off his haze and looking around once in paranoid terror, Raine hurried in the direction of the front desk.  He asked for directions from the nurse who sat there and she gave to him in a small, wan voice, her face as pale and confused as every other person in the entrance hall.  
He turned and hurried to the elevators, desperate to leave before something else happened.  With a violently shaking hand he pushed the third floor button, feeling claustrophobic when the doors closed and the car began to rise.
When the doors opened and he stepped out of the elevators Raine walked down the hall and across the skywalk and headed toward the north wing.  The details of what had happened on the ground floor must not have reached the third floor yet.  These nurses still bustled around, getting done what needed to be done.  They must’ve known something had happened because it showed in their tense features and rigid postures, no matter how well they tried to mask it.  He heard one of them talking distantly about the racket they had all heard and asking what was going on but he kept walking.
The antiseptic smell of the hospital seemed heavier here, the cool more marked.  Raine felt goose bumps rise up along his arms and he put on his jacket and quickened his footsteps.
Following the signs marked on the walls, he soon found his way to suite 308.  Posted on the door was the name Dr. Lynn Calloway, followed by a rather long string of initials that said she wasn’t just a doctor, she was a good doctor.
He opened the door, walked into the hush of a private office and looked around.  Tastefully decorated in cream and rose, it was arranged to be relaxing.  Overstuffed chairs, a sofa and a loveseat were woven with flowers.  There were plants in each corner and in the spaces between the furniture, the leaves healthy and green next to the pale pastels of the room and the bleakness of the weather outside.  The front desk was situated unobtrusively in the left corner of the room at an angle facing the waiting area and that was the direction that Raine walked, his footsteps muffled by the thick carpeting.  The receptionist asked if he had an appointment and then got him paperwork to pass the time.  Heaving a heavy sigh of resignation, he turned and found a seat and began to write.
Involved in his writing he almost didn’t notice the man who walked in the door and quietly took a seat in the waiting area.  The only reason he noticed the man was because he didn’t bother to check in with the receptionist.
Thinking the other man’s actions a trifle odd, Raine studied the newcomer for a moment.  That was when he found that the man seemed to be watching him in what might have passed for a surreptitious manner.  Unfortunately the nonchalance that the man tried to effect was lost next to the way his eyes continually traveled to Raine from behind the magazine he pretended to read.  Then he would quickly look away, reminding Raine of a skittish colt.
The man was dressed in black meticulously and neatly from head to toe.  His clothing blended too easily with his blue-black hair, emotionless black eyes.  He seemed a little confused when Raine returned his rather rude observation, confident that he could stare the man down.
A dim, slightly sour smell mingled with the scent of the lilac freshener that hung in the air.  Raine’s nostrils flared gently, trying to identify it.  He was positive that he remembered that odor, although he was unsure from where.
Raine glanced at the nurse and saw that she shared his confusion.  She no more understood the reason for his visit than Raine did and she asked if he had an appointment.
The man ignored her and tried to appear absorbed in his magazine.  Raine had to bite his tongue to keep from flinging a cutting remark in the man’s direction but that would’ve been out of line so he turned back to the forms he was trying to fill out.
The smell got stronger.  Raine glanced at the man again and saw the dark patches on his underarms.  The man was afraid.  Raine didn’t understand why.  If the man didn’t belong there he could just get up and leave.  Why didn’t he?  What did he want here and why did Raine get a feeling on the back of his neck?  Why was every sense he had on red alert and sharpened?  Raine shouldn’t even be able to smell the man’s fear but it lay heavily in the air and burned his nose.  Curious.
It would stand to reason that the cause of the man’s anxiety was Raine since the stranger hadn’t even spared the receptionist a glance and he wondered about it.
Finished filling out his papers, he stood and went to the desk to give them to Wendy, as her nameplate suggested.  She had shaken off her thoughtful frown and smiled softly at him, thanking him and letting him know that he would be seen shortly.
Raine smiled his thanks and returned to his seat, picking up the daily paper and thumbing through it to pass the time.  Outwardly he ignored the presence of the odd man who occupied the chair across the room from him.  In his mind something didn’t add up quite right, and he kept coming back to the same question in his head.  Why was this guy here?
It was then that a nurse opened the door and called Raine’s name.  Pushing thoughts of the well-dressed weirdo to the back of his mind, he took a deep breath and followed her to the exam rooms, trying unsuccessfully to calm the knot of apprehension that settled in the pit of his stomach.
The nurse looked like she was approaching retirement.  She asked him about his symptoms and took his vitals, calmly writing her findings neatly on his chart.  When she finished, she invited him to relax and wait for a few minutes for the doctor, who would be there shortly.  Then she smiled a soft, grandmotherly smile and quietly left the room, leaving him to stare at the walls and quietly fret.
Dr. Calloway as it turned out was as quick and efficient as her reputation implied.  The soft knock on the door came just a few minutes after the nurse had left.  Upon first glimpse, Raine’s inherent respect for the woman doubled.
She was a middle aged, unattractive woman with a stubborn set to her jaw and an unmistakable aura of command in her stride.  She immediately got to the business at hand reminding him without having to say a word that her time was extremely valuable and she was in charge at the moment.  She told him directly that it was her job to determine the necessity of the procedure that would be performed and to order the testing done.  Then she asked him quickly about metal plates in his head and pacemakers in his heart and he told her no.
He thought the questions were utterly ridiculous.  She noticed it and explained to him that magnetic resonance imaging, or MRI was a powerful magnetic field and metal objects in his body would disrupt the image.  It would distort the picture and render it unreadable.  Not to mention the excruciating pain it would cause when those objects were attracted to the magnets and ripped their way through and out of his body.  Since Raine had no desire to be torn to bloody shreds, he trusted her judgment and answered the questions that she asked, finally receiving the order for the tests to be done.
When she had finished she dismissed him with the order to go back over to the hospital and wait for the actual testing.  Then she gave him a set of short written directions to follow so that he would be able to find his way.  With a parting nod and a soft wish for good luck she was gone, leaving him with the impression that the visit should have been longer somehow.
So with a confused shrug he left Dr. Lynn Calloway’s office and headed back in the direction of the hospital to await further notice and hope that he would indeed have good luck.

Vince was scared.  For the first time in his life he was freaking out.  Raine was the cause, of course.  Vince hadn’t really thought about the idiocy of his actions when he’d been unable to overcome his curiosity.  He had made his way to the hospital early to scope the territory before he made his move on the lady doctor.
It had been a mistake in the truest sense of the word.  He had gotten the fright of a lifetime strolling into the doctor’s office bold as brass this morning.  He had been astounded to find that Raine still in the waiting area filling out paperwork and not already been in the middle of his consultation with the doctor.
Vince hadn’t been able to make a strategic exit.  He had thought about just turning around and leaving and saying that he had the wrong office but he elected to stay and observe the other man, as fascinated by Raine as he was frightened by him.  Unfortunately his unusual behavior had confused not only the receptionist, but Raine as well.  Raine had studied him for a few tense, hair-raising moments and then he’d seemed to dismiss Vince and return to the paperwork he’d been filling out, which left Vince to struggle with the urge to exhale a sigh of relief.
When the nurse had called Raine, Vince had been almost unable to stifle his relief.  That would have gotten him watched more closely and he didn’t want that.  When Raine had disappeared behind the door and it had clicked closed behind him Vince stood and left quickly, ignoring the receptionist and distinctly uneasy
Now with the hospital safely behind him, he berated himself for his lack of foresight.  He had not been as careful as he normally was, and he had nearly been discovered.  He would not to make the same mistake twice.
He drove south to his hotel, deciding to return later to question the doctor under safer and more discreet circumstances.
Raine followed Dr. Calloway’s directions and got there more quickly than he thought.  He was shown into a small room and told to take off his clothes and any metal he was wearing.  Jewelry, glasses, even the button on his pants could be dangerous or deadly with that kind of magnetic field so it all had to be taken off.
When the orderly left him with his privacy, he undressed quickly and donned the hospital gown.  Then he swallowed his nervous tension with an effort and left the room, holding the back of the gown closed because it was a bit drafty and his backside was freezing.
He was guided into a relatively barren room that housed the actual assembly.  He was given a set of earplugs to filter the noise that it made, a loud banging sound and he was told to lie very still.  During testing just like any metal became dangerous, any movement at all caused the images to be intensely distorted and unreadable.
He was asked to lie down on the table that slid into the machine, and did so without complaint or any sound at all for that matter.  The testing was begun.
Since the testing took a long time and he had nothing better to do through the earsplitting racket that the earplugs couldn’t completely stifle, Raine allowed his mind to wander.  Because he really had no other option he chose to set aside his fear and rely on faith and time to give him a positive result.  There was really nothing he could do except hope for the best, and he allowed himself to believe that he wouldn’t be unpleasantly surprised.  In keeping with that line of reasoning, he didn’t have a brain tumor.
Then what could possibly explain the strange things happening lately, if not a brain tumor?  Could it be that he had not imagined and was not imagining the things that happened around him and took his breath away?  What about the things that had happened in the hospital entrance?  Could he have had that vivid an hallucination.  Was that even possible and if so, could he be more delusional than anything?  As soon as that thought had crossed his mind, he dismissed it.  He wasn’t crazy.  Was he? 
Thunder came from within the confines of the machine.
His ears ringing even through the earplugs, Raine fought compulsive muscle spasms that made him want to cringe and jump in instinctive alarm.
The cycle began anew with a whirring sound followed by the harsh, insistent pounding that hurt his eardrums and rattled his teeth.
The machine made several more cycles before he realized he was beginning to feel lightheaded.  He concentrated on keeping his breathing normal and even and still the world began to tip.  His heart pounded in lurch after painful lurch.  An uneasy feeling settled in the pit of his stomach.
There was the sound of gears turning, catching and then the thunder, another cycle.  Raine fought the faint feeling and worked to keep himself from passing out.  A vague, painful vibration ricocheted from the back of his head throughout his skull.
He thought for a moment about stopping because he was sure that this wasn’t supposed to hurt but he figured he might as well get this over with because it would have to be done anyway and so he kept his silence.
Another cycle, the whirring, the bang.  The pain in the back of his head became more intense.  His feeling of lightheadedness turned into spinning dizziness.  He felt his body convulsing and barely kept his arms and legs still.
Another cycle and his body shuddered.  He couldn’t stop it and he curled into the fetal position next to the thunderous sound that would not cease.  Pounding painfully through his body, he felt as well as heard each pass of the machine.  The sound of people shouting registered dimly to his ears from somewhere in another room.  It was like they were speaking a lost, forbidden or forgotten language and he couldn’t understand them any more than he could have stopped the machine by himself.
The machine made a cycle, and the thunder brought a blinding shaft of pain with it.  It raced through his body from a point at the top of his head and filtered down to every limb.  His back arched and a scream of agony found its way up from the back of his throat.  His body convulsed, every muscle tightening so that he feared his body would give way and his bones would snap.  Then with a last howl of unendurable agony his mind gave way, escaping the pain when he passed out.

The plane touched down with a slight jarring and Elizabeth turned to Sierra and said, “Mom, my head hurts.”
Renee’s complexion had gone from rosy to ashen in the space of a few seconds.  With her hands clasped on either side of her head, she let out a blood-curdling scream and collapsed against Sierra.
Panic-stricken at the way Renee had fainted and Elizabeth was acting, Sierra unbuckled Renee and lifted her.  She ignored the fasten seatbelt sign and the stewardess who tried to get her to sit back down.  Using her own weight and leaning forward to make up for the slight rocking and jarring of the plane as it landed, she hurried them all towards the door.
She shouted for someone to call 911 and jostled people aside in her hurry and all of them looked at her angrily.  When they saw her frightened face and the pale, unconscious child in her arms though, they moved out of the way.  Arriving at the door she heard sirens.  She choked on her own panicked breaths, her heart pounding painfully in fear.
A stewardess pushed her out of the way to wrestle with the door and there was a popping noise followed by the release of pressure in the cabin.  The door opened, bringing with it the paramedics who rushed onto the plane and took her daughter from her and started asking questions.
She turned to find Elizabeth, who had been clinging to her leg and whimpering.  She bent over to lift the shaking girl and heard Elizabeth mumbling something that she couldn’t quite make out.  She strained to hear the girl, who was looking at her and through her with a peculiar, glazed look in her eyes.  Pulling Elizabeth close to her in an effort to hear what she was saying, she concentrated through the noise that the paramedics were making.  She could just barely make out the words Elizabeth spoke in a bare whisper…
“My head hurts…His hurts bad…”
Frightened, she was about to ask Elizabeth who hurt so much when the cloudy look disappeared from her eyes and she lifted her head.  She smiled at Sierra like nothing had happened and asked eagerly, “Are we there yet?”
A soft groan came from the twin lying on the floor and they all pulled away.  The area around them fell into a hush.  Renee’s eyes rolled beneath her eyelids and then opened, slowly at first and then widening as she sat up.  She leveled Sierra with an unreadable look and told her softly, “He’s not hurting now.”
And with that cryptic remark she stood.  Without any need for assistance, she walked to the door of the plane.  Looking out at the scenery for a moment and ignoring the cold air, she said in an off-hand manner, “You’re right Mom, it really is very pretty here.”
Those words broke the stillness as with a collective, audible sigh of relief the silence shattered.  Sierra was left standing there as Elizabeth wriggled out of her arms to join Renee.  With tears of pure terror and a puzzled frown, she stared at the twins a moment.  
What had happened?  What was going on?  Elizabeth had been whimpering softly in pain and Renee had been dead to the world, pale and unconscious.  Now both twins seemed fine.  With rosy, smiling cheeks and bright eyes they gazed outside at scenery that should’ve been beautiful even to her eyes.
Sierra knew she should be relieved.  The girls seemed fine now.  She should be grinning with them at their lively excitement.  The panorama she saw beyond the door now seemed barren and dangerous, bleak and uninviting and poorly disguised under a blanket of sparkling snow.
The commotion around her broke through her train of thought.  Unconsciously, Sierra reached for the twins.  Pulling them back from the opening where the door had been, she told them, “Back up before you fall and get hurt.”
She felt a hand gently touch her shoulder and she turned sharply around.
The woman was old, very much so.  Deep lines marked just about every inch of her face and her skin was translucent, tissue-paper thin with age.  Her hair was all white, pulled back in a matronly bun and secured with pins and two tortoise shell combs.  
What caught Sierra and held her attention were the old woman’s eyes.  Black, sparkling and clear, they were wise and understanding.
When the woman spoke her voice was whisper soft and Sierra had to crane her neck slightly and get closer to hear, “They’ll be okay dear, don’t you worry.”
Sierra looked at the old woman for a moment, smiled and shrugged lightly, “I know, thanks anyway, I just don’t get it.  One minute they were fine, the next they weren’t and then they were again.”
The old woman smiled reassuringly.  In the next instant, her smile disappeared and she looked at Sierra with what had become a hooded, vacant gaze, “Rain is falling.  He’s got a long way to fall girl, be ready to catch him.”  Then the woman turned away.
If that wasn’t a curve ball, nothing was.  Sierra felt the bottom drop out of her stomach and breathing got difficult.  She grabbed the old woman’s arm and asked more sharply than she intended, “What are you talking about?”
But the old woman’s eyes had cleared and she gazed at Sierra with outrage and fear. “What are you doing?  Get your hands off me!” She demanded.
“What were you saying to me?” Sierra asked anxiously.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” The old woman sniffed.  Then the woman yanked her arm away from Sierra’s grip and hurried away.  Sierra was left standing there, as puzzled as ever and more frightened than she could ever remember feeling in her life.
Everyone had become anxious to leave.  Stairs were placed so that the passengers could disembark without any further crises.   Renee was released into Sierra’s care with the promise that she would take her immediately to the hospital for a check up.  
They got off the plane and followed the other passengers into the airport, where they found their luggage and the rental car that Sierra had booked.  Then they found their way away from the airport, getting directions to the nearest hospital so the girls could get checked.
Leaving the airport behind, Sierra angled the car toward Lindfried Hospital, her mind revolving around the words the old woman had said.  They were the same as the ones Renee had spoken before and they gave her the same feelings as before.  Whether change or disaster, something was going to happen and she couldn’t stop it.
She took the girls to the hospital and hoped everything would be fine.
Raine surfaced from the protective cocoon of oblivion to find that he was restrained but he didn’t know why.
Antiseptic sterility hung heavily in the air.  It burned his eyes and nose with the strength of the odor.  The steady beep and whine of a cardiac monitor buzzed annoyingly near his ear.
He opened bleary, glazed eyes only to shut them again as they recoiled from the harsh white of the lights.  It made him feel like he was on a stage in the spotlight, either that or a lab rat.
There was an intense conversation on the opposite side of the room spoken in undertones and he strained to hear what was being said.  Unfortunately even the slight movement of his head set off a plethora of hammers in his skull, pounding relentlessly and making him gasp drily.
A voice cut through the debate.  Liberally laced with anger and disappointment, the voice demanded, “What the hell happened in there?”
There was a flurry other voices then, all of them surprised and puzzled.  The machine had begun operating on its own without direction or control and no one knew why.
Memories of what had happened during the MRI flooded back to him then.  His senses sharpened when he remembered and stabbed at him indifferently while making his head hurt more and he wondered fleetingly why the heart monitor had suddenly quit working.  For whatever reason, it began to malfunction and then shut down completely with a dying murmur.
An eerie, heavily laden silence fell over the room and he saw doctors hurry to his bedside.  They checked his vitals, confusion and disbelief threading their voices when his heart beat sure and strong while the machine had crashed completely.
A voice sounded reassuringly off to his right and Raine exhaled a pained sigh of relief when he recognized the cool, commanding presence of Dr. Calloway.
“How are you feeling?”  Her voice was concerned and he opened his eyes against the glare of the lights.  He looked at her through a blur of pain and sleepiness and tried to speak.
What’s happening to me?  He tried to ask, but couldn’t because his mouth was dry and his tongue felt swollen.  Instead he whispered one word, “Water…”
There was movement and something cold and metallic was placed against his mouth and he savored the ice chips a nurse fed him.  They made his mouth and tongue feel better.
He blinked and the sleep cleared and he looked at Dr. Calloway darkly and questioningly.  If she understood, she didn’t answer and he asked aloud, “What’s going on?” His voice was dry and gritty, raspy and raw.
Dr. Calloway shook her head softly, the look in her eyes asking for his silence and trust.  She told him to get some rest.  Then with a gentle movement of her hand, she summoned a nurse and nodded in the direction of the IV.
From the corner of his eye, he noticed the syringe that was emptied thirty seconds later into the IV line.  Moments later a weightless, carefree feeling overcame him and his eyes became heavy lidded and lost focus as the sedative took effect.  Struggling to stay awake for just a few more moments he looked at Dr. Calloway and asked her softly, his words slurred and his eyelids heavy, “What happened to me?”
“We’ll talk later, after you’ve had some sleep.” She promised him and then turned away, allowing the medication to weave its spell and carry him down into sleep.
Something pulled at his thoughts.  It was something he couldn’t peacefully or placidly let go.  Raine spoke one last request, his voice plaintive, lost and alone, “Untie me please.”  
Then he surrendered to the gentle ebb and flow of a tide that carried him lovingly into a deep, dreamless sleep.

Sierra checked on the twins once more.  After having been checked by a doctor they were given a pain reliever laced with a small dose of a strong sedative.  It hadn’t taken long at all to work either and the girls were sound asleep in minutes.  This left Sierra with a few minutes of free time.
Turning away from the beds that held the snoozing twins and following the resident who introduced himself as Dr. Hanlen into the hall, she closed the door with a soft click.  
Turning to the doctor, she waited in expectant silence.  The doctor was completely baffled.  He raked his fingers through his hair, at a loss to explain why.  It had just come and gone and this stuff happened but there was always a reason why and he didn’t know it.  He was adamant that the children should stay the night at the hospital for observation and if nothing else happened, they would be released the following morning.
She agreed because that’s what you always did anyway and watched him walk away.  She was upset and she was confused and she needed to get out of the stifling atmosphere of the hospital.  It was too much and she needed to be alone but she couldn’t leave the kids alone.  It worried her that they might wake in unfamiliar darkness and be frightened without their mother.
One of the nurses, a young woman with gentle brown eyes who looked like she was fresh out of the schoolroom noticed her dilemma.  The nurse walked over and suggested quietly that the hospital staff listen for the children while she took care of any urgent business.  Looking gratefully at the woman, Sierra asked for a cot so she that could get a little rest later.
Then she turned on her heel before she lost control.  Trying not to cry, she beat a hasty retreat, almost running toward the elevators in her need to escape.
She found the ground floor and the front entrance.  The area still held a chill despite the fact that half of the front windows had been replaced and the other half had been covered carefully in plastic.  When she had gotten there with the girls, workers were installing fresh panes of glass in the windows and people were agog, chattering excitedly about the something or other that had happened.  No one knew for sure what had shattered first one pane of glass, and then the rest simultaneously.  
Based on what she heard, the glass had simply exploded inward.  There hadn’t been any birds flying around, no rocks or debris.  Nobody had even touched it.  It had been double-paned, soundproof tempered glass one inch thick.  No one had rigged them with explosives though how someone could’ve done that unseen would’ve been anyone’s guess.  Apparently, the glass had just imploded with no evidence of any tampering whatsoever.
Sierra ignored the tug on her memory and looked longingly out the front windows, feeling the night calling her into sanctuary.  The urge was strong to run outside and shout her hurt and frustration into an uncaring night sky.  Urge was becoming need and need would become necessity until Sierra worried she wouldn’t be able to help it, until she would run from the hospital, screaming hysterically and turning startled heads.  
Instead she turned in the opposite direction and found a phone to call Aunt Selby and let her know that plans had changed.  They would be arriving tomorrow if they could.
At first, Selby was concerned and Sierra spent several minutes trying to calm her down and reassure her that everything was okay and there was no need to jump in her car and make a pointless trip to Denver tonight.  The doctor was confident that the children would be released early the next morning and they would be on their way to see her then.
Aunt Selby reluctantly agreed after some creative persuasion on Sierra’s part.   They said their goodnights after she wrangled a promise from Sierra that she would call when they left, letting Selby know to expect them.
After Selby hung up, she stood there for a moment.  She listened to the silence on the other side of the line and thought of calling Selby back and asking her to come after all.  Then she stopped herself.  There was no need for the woman to risk driving at night in this weather in the old beater that she called a car.  Even her voice had sounded weary on the phone.  Sierra would leave her alone to rest and see her tomorrow.  
She hung up the phone and turned away from it resolutely.  She felt the outdoors beckon to her, draped now in the satin purple of twilight.  The last of the straggling visitors had left a few minutes before and silence seeped into the front entrance of the hospital, settling over everything with a comforting hush.
She headed toward the front doors feeling tightness in her chest and a lump in her throat.  She walked through the glass and steel doors and felt the cold, crisp wind of winter caress her face.  Breathing deeply and feeling the knot in her chest loosen, Sierra looked up into the sky, now mostly charcoal black and fluid with full night.  She gazed at the stars and they gazed at her.
There was a sense of helplessness and she swallowed the lump of tears that stuck stubbornly in her throat.  She had not shed a tear since Raine’s funeral and she would not start now.  She’d had to be strong then for the girls and she would be strong again.  She would not give over to grief, she couldn’t afford to right now.  She had to be strong when all she wanted to do was bury her head in a mound of pillows and scream out her hurt and worry.
She had felt for a long while now that beneath the calm veneer of everyday life there was a sinister tension, a sense of change held tenuously in check.  She both feared and embraced the tension and she didn’t quite know why.  She feared it because she didn’t know what was on the other side.  She didn’t know why she embraced it, that part was different to her.
She’d had to learn quickly after Raine’s funeral.  Suddenly she had been a single mother and she just didn’t know how.  She didn’t know what to do.  She’d had to take command and work to survive and she’d learned it well.  That command now broke through her anxiety and kept her in control.  
She exhaled explosively and watched the plumes of steam leave her mouth.  They stood suspended for a moment in front of her face before they were whipped away with the wind that howled into the sky.  It was as if the night tried to share her burdens and though it was fatalistically fanciful, she was grateful for the moment away.
Shortly after Raine’s death, she had realized her dream and become an accountant.  It wasn’t a particularly exciting dream but it was hers and she was proud of it and even happy for awhile even though the happiness had not lasted long.  Reality had come storming through in the form of several bills.  Credit cards and bills that had been in Raine’s name had arrived daily in the mail.  All of it amounted to a small fortune in debt and all of them demanded payment in full.  Everyone they had owed seemed to be knocking on the door or calling within weeks of the funeral demanding money.
Luck had shone down on her and she got a job at a small firm in Manhattan.  The salary they had named thrilled her and she was happy to know that if she lived and spent carefully, she would have enough money to pay off her creditors and make sure that she and the girls lived comfortably.  They wouldn’t lose the home she and Raine had worked hard to earn.
Now three years later with month after month of sixty-hour workweeks behind her, she had felt the need to get away.  She needed to get out before she got burnt out.  She had needed this vacation and it was not starting well.
She thought about the girls.  They needed her now and she would go to them and be the best mother she could be.
Then without warning, as strong as it had blown in a moment before, the wind died completely.  Silence reigned in the narrowing sphere of Sierras consciousness.  She couldn’t hear the city anymore.  The hum of running car engines faded from her hearing.  Somewhere in the distance tires screeched on the icy pavement followed by the outraged shriek of tortured steel, and angry motorists shouted.  Car doors opened and then shut again and the shouting grew louder but Sierra wasn’t listening.
Instead she listened to the silence that surrounded her.  She watched people come and go with a kind of detached interest.  She saw rather than heard their muttering, saw their lips moving without sound but didn’t puzzle on it.  Taking comfort in the stillness of the dying wind, Sierra allowed herself to reach deep inside and draw from her source of calm and courage in years past, the outreaching peace of communion with God.
Whispering a soft prayer for strength into the sudden quiet of the night, she turned and headed back into the hospital to be with her girls, her head held high and her resolve firmly back in place.

They still had no idea what had happened to Raine during the procedure.  The mystery of it wouldn’t let Grant Holmes leave.  This something that he couldn’t explain had kept him in this little room well past the end of his workday, helplessly curious.
The machine had been working all by itself and that certainly wasn’t normal.  Grant had been there through the entire incident that he could only describe as weird.  He had seen it all for himself and he’d wondered if he was going blind or going nuts.
The techs had all been weary afterwards and most of them were released to go home and rest.  Different technicians had been brought in to see to the machine.  Everyone was worried about it along with the condition of the subject because both of them had completely crashed.  When Raine had fallen into unconsciousness, the magnetic field had shut down with a sickly whirring sound and an earsplitting bang.  Even the ones who were used to the constant reverberant clang and crash of the machine had been unprepared for such a sound.  He could only compare it to a backfiring car amplified many times and it had reverberated off the walls and echoed back to them, making their ears ring.  A few people had even had to be treated in the ER when their ears began to drip blood.  They had been sent to trauma with their eyes glassy and their faces pale and drawn.  Their voices were unnaturally loud in the silence that surrounded them after the explosive scream of agony from Raine and the crashing machine that had seemed to share his pain.
Raine had been in convulsions during most of it, beyond the reach of the technicians and the doctors who had been unable to stop his seizures.  Afterwards he had passed out completely, limp and sweating from exertion and oblivious to the chaos around him.  He had been rushed to intensive care while still unconscious, where they had met with a mildly ruffled and very perturbed Dr. Calloway, demanding an explanation no one could give.
That was what kept Grant here, he was the only person who had seen what happened.  He had seen Raine’s reaction.  Out of the people here at the hospital, Grant had heard the howl of agony that had come from Raine when he should’ve felt no pain at all.  He had seen the convulsions that had twisted Raine’s body so tightly that they worried his bones would snap and he had been truly afraid that the man would die.
They could not pinpoint the reason he had reacted so badly to the magnetic field.  They also couldn’t understand why he had not had an immediate reaction to it.  It wasn’t until they had completed almost half the testing that the machine had begun to malfunction.  If there were going to be problems they should’ve shown up at the beginning of the procedure, not closer to the end.
They had already been looking for glitches or viruses in the computer system but nothing stood out and the equipment had been operating smoothly for a couple of years before this so that couldn’t be right, either.
Eliminate the impossible.  That left the machine or the test subject.
Grant, after having studied the imaging unit and found nothing amiss, began to study the images themselves hoping against hope that the key lay in the images.
The images were the greatest mystery after all.  Defying all logic, they had come out perfectly clear.  They should have been rendered illegible by the motion of the subject.  Any movement at all caused distorted pictures, unreadable images that should’ve had to be repeated.  He couldn’t explain it and he didn’t like that so he set about looking for answers.  He checked and rechecked the math and looked over the pictures until his eyes were crossing.  He wanted to figure this out and unlock the secrets of Raine’s mind.
Under normal circumstances, Grant might have left this case alone but Dr. Calloway was a personal friend of his and he owed her a very big favor so he stayed to help.
He studied the images carefully, sure that there had been something they had overlooked.  There simply had to be some small detail they missed.
The first several of the images showed nothing important and he sighed heavily with resignation.  This was beginning to show all the qualities of a wild goose chase.  All the questions that were laid in front of him had one answer that would tie them all together in one pretty package and he knew it.  It all just seemed hopelessly jumbled to him and he wondered if the answer would not be as pretty and neat as he hoped.
He glanced at the clock, seeing that he had been studying the pictures for a little over two hours.  He stretched and rolled his aching shoulders and almost decided to give over for the day and leave.  The idea was beginning to have a certain appeal.  He leaned back and rubbed his eyes and massaged a hand absently over the back of his neck and then he looked at the top picture in the unchecked pile.
What he saw made him sit up and forget his discomfort.  Not at the top picture, but the ones underneath that showed something he’d never seen before, “What the…?”
He never finished the question, spoken in a quiet undertone to an empty room.  Grabbing the phone instead, he heard the voice of the hospital operator.  His voice shaking with excitement that he couldn’t suppress he almost shouted into the phone, “Get Dr. Calloway over here now Katie, I’ve found something.” 
Dr. Lynn Calloway was of the mind that the story that Dr. Clifford Maxwell had told her was absurd.  This whole mess was absurd but the deeper she went the more she began to realize that someone somewhere was telling the truth.  Cliff had been unavailable when she had tried to reach him.  His receptionist had been more than helpful and though she was puzzled at Dr. Maxwell’s absence, she had faxed the records that Lynn had needed in short order.
His medical history detailed an impossible scenario.  A frightening story and an elaborate hallucination was what it was.  The unnaturally long naps she could explain and understand because people who were sick or healing needed frequent rest.  She simply couldn’t believe that a radio had played by itself and she wouldn’t believe that a funnel comprised of toiletries had floated around a bathroom.  She knew she needed to check on the details herself, so she’d gone to Raine’s house to seek answers.
What she was doing was technically illegal but if she didn’t find answers, she wouldn’t be able to help him and he needed help right now.  Now standing outside Raine’s house and looking up at the front, she was reminded of the story she’d read.  She was nervous but not particularly scared and she squared her shoulders and her chin lifted a notch.  Walking resolutely up to the front door, she tried to turn the knob.  It wouldn’t budge.  Of course he’d lock up if he meant to leave town for a couple of days; that went without saying.  The backdoor was probably locked as well but she needed to know what was going on.
Walking around the back of the house she was buffeted by the wind.  Gritting her teeth to keep them from chattering and ducking her head, she faced into the furious gusts and continued her trek to the back.
The door stood ajar and Lynn frowned.  Raine wouldn’t have left the door open being gone as long as he was.  That probably wasn’t good.  She stepped into the house but didn’t call out.  Who besides her was there?
What she saw made her gasp loudly in surprise and outrage.  The house had been completely ransacked.  Dishes, flatware and cutlery lay strewn and broken all over the kitchen floor.  When she went into the living room, she found that expensive electronics had been completely trashed; DVD’s, compact discs and electronic wires were thrown around the room without a care for their cost.  The furniture had been ripped apart to expose the cushioning within, which lay now strewn about the middle of the floor.
She ventured further into the house, her outrage growing with the things she saw.  She walked into the bedroom that Raine occupied.  The bed had been torn apart, the covers thrown off and the mattress torn open.  The dresser and the contents of the closet had been emptied onto the floor; sport jackets, fleece sweaters and sweatshirts, jogging pants, anything with a lining in it had been torn open.
Someone had been looking for something.  Someone had come into this house looking for something specific and it was probably relatively small or they wouldn’t have been looking in jacket lining.  The minute the thought crossed her mind a vaguely spicy, male smell reached her nostrils and Lynn turned a full circle of the room, trying to find its source.
Her eyes fell on the adjoining bathroom door.  Walking over to the bathroom, carefully picking her way through a jumble of debris that littered the floor, she poked her head inside.  The smell was thick and heavy in here.  It had to be after shave, the bottle must’ve either leaked or been left open and Lynn walked further into the room.
With the exception of the after shave smell, this room was untouched.  Someone had either known that what ever it was they were looking for wasn’t in here, or they hadn’t wanted to go into the bathroom for whatever reason.  Given that they had gone through the rest of the house so thoroughly, she was more inclined to believe that they hadn’t wanted to go into the bathroom and that made her bet she could find an answer or two in here.
She couldn’t ignore that so she walked into the bathroom and turned another circle.  What she saw made her stop dead and her jaw dropped open in disbelief.  This was surely impossible.  Then again it was even less possible that she would be having the same hallucination Raine had had.
Dents in the door marked an irregular path.  Like the overall look of a strand of DNA beaten into the door, there was proof of the path that the items from the cabinet had taken.  Raine had described it to Cliff and Lynn remembered the story she had read on the doctor’s notes about the funnel made of toiletries that had floated around Raine’s bathroom.  Cliff had thought they were an hallucination.  
Remembering something else she’d read in those notes, she whirled to look into the shower stall.  There it was, just as it was written.  The handprints melted into the plastic and the words burned darkly into it; RAINE IS FALLING.  Raine had been telling the truth.
“Oh my God…” Lynn whispered to herself.
Her pager began to beep.

Vince made his way quietly through the now unoccupied south wing of Lindfried Hospital, retracing his steps to the offices of the lady Doctor.  It was late and the world beyond the windows was dark and everyone had closed office for the night.
The lock was not difficult to pick, a simple dead bolt, child’s play really.  The alarm system was elementary, a coded system easy to disarm and then re-enable.  Vince was in the office far easier than he had thought and looking for any paperwork, any charts with Raine’s name on them.
Dr. Calloway was efficient and organized in her work; Vince had to allow for that.  There were no papers strewn around the front desk.  Everything was conveniently filed alphabetically for easy access.  He found himself uttering a silent thank you for the superior organizational skills of the Doctor and receptionist.  They’d made his job exponentially easier, even if he couldn’t find anything he was looking for.  There were no notes jotted in any of the corners of the chart he pulled, no clues that the doctor had seen anything unusual.  Vince stifled the urge to pound his fist into the filing cabinets in mounting frustration.
There had to be something, anything that would prove to him that the trail had not run cold again.  Pushing his chagrin aside, he studied the cryptic charts that documented Raine’s visit, diagnosis: unknown.
He had reached a dead end after all, he reflected bitterly.  He didn’t know where Raine had gone and he didn’t know how to find him.  He could almost hear the sound of his career and years of hard work rent in two in the space of seconds, the sound of failure.

Dr. Lynn Calloway hurried through the hospital about an hour and a half after having been summoned rather urgently by the young Grant Holmes, her mind racing.  Something had happened.  The tech had seen something that had made him sound excited over the phone.  All he would tell her was that he had found it and that she needed to come immediately.
In the small office that Grant occupied, she saw him constructing a three dimensional model out of a set of images.  Her was confused but asked anyway, “You called me about something important?”
Grant stiffened slightly and then he pivoted on his heel to face her, his blue eyes alight.  He smiled when he saw her, unveiled enthusiasm settling on his features. “You gotta see this Lynn,” He told her.
“Did you find a tumor?” She asked quickly.
“No, and I think we can do away with the tumor idea,” He answered. “I did find this though, and I was hoping that you would be able to figure out what it is.”
Motioning for her to come closer, he held up an image that had been taken earlier.  It was a picture of the baser part of Raine’s brain, on first glance normal which was strange because it should have been unreadable.  When she looked harder at where Grant pointed she saw the small difference that made her eyes widen and then close, only to open and then widen again in pure disbelief.  “Well, damn.  What’s that?”
So close, so far away…
That was the thought that woke Raine.  That and a desolate, lonely sounding wind that howled outside his window and screamed out into the night, calling to him from the protective cocoon of drugged sleep.  His eyes snapped open and he struggled to focus.  Then he looked around a now dark room, empty and silent except for the sound of his breathing.
The restraints had been removed and so had the machines and so he was free to sit up, feeling like he’d been given a new lease on life.  The last vestiges of sleep evaporated and he looked at his surroundings.  His senses came into perfect clarity and he was relieved when he noticed that the throbbing, insistent headache that he’d woken with before was gone.
The room was chilly, hospitals always were.  He remembered hearing once about the cool atmosphere helping to stave off infection, but it was a stupid little fact and he didn’t much care about it right now.  Instead he concentrated on moving carefully to make sure he wasn’t hurting anymore.  It was pointless because he had never felt so good in his life.
The quiet entrance of the night-shift nurse who had come by on her rounds pulled him from his thoughts.  She was an older black woman; all bustling matronly efficiency and active energy.  Her hair was graying at the temples and her face was lined with age and Raine found that he liked the woman without even having to meet her.
She jumped slightly in surprise when she saw that he was awake and asked him how he was feeling, reaching out to stick a thermometer under his tongue and check his pulse.  She smiled when she saw that he was obviously not suffering from the medication and the pain he’d been in earlier.  His eyes showed the strain of the last few days, vaguely haunted but glowing once again with health.
He was restless if the nervous way he fidgeted on the bed was any sign.  She found herself fighting a wayward smile at his childlike attitude as she checked him out and pronounced that from what she could see he had made a complete recovery.
“Is there anything I can get for you?” She asked him.
“My clothes?” He asked her on a suffocated laugh. “I love these gowns you guys give out but it’s getting a little breezy.”
She threw back her head and laughed a deep, throaty laugh and went over and opened the closet.  Getting out his duffel bag and handing it over, she invited him to get comfortable and then excused herself to inform Dr. Calloway that he was awake and quite obviously feeling fine, laughter still in her eyes.  
Raine all but jumped off the bed when the nurse left.  He turned on the light and dressed quickly, only to feel a little antsy when he had finished, unsure of what he should and shouldn’t do.  The gadgets and gizmos on the wall above the bed held little interest to him, and the shrieking of the wind beyond the walls held less.  Then his eyes fell on the remote control that was wired behind the bed.  He decided to watch the television for lack of any better options and had just found a program he might have been interested in when there was a knock at the door and Dr. Calloway stuck her head in.
When she saw him sitting up in bed, clothed and comfortable, she was relieved.  She walked over to the bed, her eyes searching his face for any signs of pain or weakness.  She found none, smiled a distracted smile and sat gingerly on the edge of a chair.  She took a moment to carefully smooth the wrinkles from her slacks and when she was done, leveled him with an unreadable gaze.
He found himself acutely uncomfortable with her study but he couldn’t pinpoint exactly why.  He was on the verge of asking her about it when she said in an undertone, “I wonder…”
Unconsciously riveted by the tone of voice she had used and stifling a certain dread he swallowed once with difficulty, took a deep breath and asked her, “What happened to me when I was being tested?”
“That’s what we’ve been trying to figure out,” She replied evasively then added softly, “I just don’t get it.”
“Don’t get what?” Raine asked with foreboding weighing him down at what he could only interpret as her hesitancy.
“We found something very interesting when we did the tests,” She told him and she seemed baffled.
“What did you find?” He asked her quietly, worried because he was sure he wasn’t going to like what she was about to say.
She noticed the dread in his voice and hurried to calm him. “You were in convulsions during half of the procedure and the techs couldn’t shut down the machine,” She told him, frowning slightly.  “What I don’t get is how all the pictures could have come out perfectly clear.”
Something told him in that moment to keep quiet and let her find the words she was looking for, whether good or bad.  He did just that, waiting for her to continue and it was not long before his patience was rewarded.
She looked at him in puzzlement and quiet awe for a moment.  Then in a voice that echoed the disbelief she truly felt, she told him, “We saw something on the images and I wonder if it has anything to do with all the stuff that’s been going on.”
He waited for her to elaborate before he asked her because he simply couldn’t stand it anymore, “What did you see?”
“A mass of tissue unlike anything I’ve ever seen before,” She told him.  Then she cocked her head slightly to the left, measuring his reaction.
He felt his stomach drop into the soles of his shoes at her cryptic statement.  He hesitantly asked even though he was half-afraid of what the answer might be, “Is it a tumor?”
Dr. Calloway looked at him in blank surprise for the space of a heartbeat.  Then understanding dawned and she told him quickly and softly, “There is no tumor, Raine.  Whatever this is, it’s active and functional, even though we have yet to figure out what its function is.  We have our theories but they’re purely conjecture.”
“So what is one of your theories?” He asked, after a moment of dazed relief.  He was truly going to be okay and he felt a burden lift from him.  His eyes lit up with happiness, all traces of fear were gone, and a smile turned up the corners of his mouth.  He stifled the urge to jump into the air and click his heels together.  He was alive and staying that way, at least for now.  He hadn’t felt this free in years.
Of course, that really meant he was targeted by a sniper but at this point, he’d take what he could get and be happy he wasn’t seeing things.  One problem at a time.
“You want my off-the-record professional opinion?” She asked him briskly.
“Sure,” He told her, waving his arms expansively as if to say that whatever this was, he could handle it now that he knew he wasn’t dying.
“I think you’ve got an extra gland,” She told him and then she added, “I went to your house to check into some of the things Dr. Maxwell told me and I saw the handprints and the writing on the wall in the shower stall.  I also saw the dents in the door.  You’ve got something going on but I have yet to figure out what it is and I also want to figure out why.  But all that can wait just a little longer, I’m thinking.  For now you can celebrate,” She added with smile and Raine could almost see the scientist in her just itching to get her hands on some hard data and put the puzzle together.  It was sort of cool to see the business-like Dr. Lynn Calloway almost quivering with excitement and trying very carefully to respect his space when very likely what she wanted to do was hit him with a barrage of questions and permission slips and get an analysis and study underway.
Shock seeped into him and a flash of understanding told him why the medical staff had treated him with quiet distrust.  It also told him why he had been restrained when he’d woken before.  They had all been afraid of what it was he was capable and it did kind of hurt, but he could understand their hesitation.  It’s not like he even knew what he could do and he couldn’t blame anyone else for being careful.  They could’ve still talked to him.  That part really hurt.
He looked at the doctor for a moment, stunned before he recovered himself and asked, “So I’m really going to be okay?”
“You’re really going to be okay as far as I can tell,” Lynn echoed his words.  She smiled at his simple joy and the abrupt change in topic.  Then recovering her brisk, businesslike attitude she continued, “Healthy as ever in fact.  I honestly don’t see reason why we should keep you around here anymore.  You seem like you’re a little anxious to leave.  I’ll get the discharge papers ready for you to sign, unless you feel the need to stay the night?” She added, deadpan.  The effect was dismally lame, a comical failure in light of the sparkle in her eyes and the smile on her lips.
He looked at her askance for a split second before he replied, “No, that’s okay, I think I’d like to leave now.”
“I figured,” She laughed and then told him, “I’ll be right back.”
When Raine was alone again, he walked over to the window.  He looked outside at weather that should have seemed dreary.  To him the heavy, wet cold promised life and hope.  He had answers now to questions that had plagued him for days.  They were vague answers that gave him more questions, but they were still answers.
He was different in a small way that had been wreaking havoc on his daily life.  What did this gland do?  Why did he have it?  What had caused it?  Why hadn’t he known about it until now?  And why couldn’t he remember anything about it, much less the gland itself?
An infinite mental blankness answered him, a damning silence that only made the questions echo more loudly in his head.
Something didn’t fit right somewhere.  From within the Pandora’s Box of his memory, some small instinct beckoned.  He remembered the syringe and the doctor, the dream within a dream.  He wondered about its significance and he wondered what he had lost.  He wondered if time and work would bring it back again.
His thoughts were interrupted when he heard the soft knock on the door and Dr. Calloway came in, bringing a sheaf of papers with her.  He was supposed to relax and take things slowly which didn’t actually seem like it was going to happen, but he’d let her think it anyway.  The doctor gave him the papers to read and sign then she fixed him with a stern look.  She told him in a no nonsense voice that he needed to take it easy for a little while.  He decided to indulge her and agree and he signed the papers.  Then, excitedly he thanked Dr. Calloway for her help, grabbed his bag and made to leave, opening the door for her on their way out.
Before she walked out of the room, she turned around and asked him quickly, “Do you have another place besides your house that you can stay for a few days?”
Mildly puzzled, he still answered, “Not really but I can still go home and take it easy.  Why?”
“Because,” She replied, “I told you I’d been to your house.  It was broken into and completely destroyed and there will be no way you’ll be able to live there while you try to clean up the mess.”
He sighed heavily with resentment and rubbed a hand over his face.  He’d known this was going to happen because he’d taken one of the cameras and now it had been missed.  Shrugging lightly to cover his worry, he told Dr. Lynn, “I can go stay at a hotel for a few days while I figure out what to do next.  Thank you for telling me.”
She nodded in acknowledgement and seemed relieved, and then walked out of the room.
Then he noticed the woman standing at the nurse’s station, talking to them in hushed tones.  Something about her pulled at a distant portion of his memory, nagging at him.  He firmly quelled the urge to go and talk to her.  She wasn’t facing him and he didn’t want to frighten her or the nurses, who were already looking at him strangely.
Turning once again to Dr. Calloway, he took the hand she held out for him to shake and told him with a smile that the exit was off to his left.  She smiled at him when he chuckled softly and said, “Good luck, Raine.”
From the corner of his eye Raine noticed that the woman, who had not paid the slightest attention to them until that moment, stiffened at the mention of his name and started to turn around.
The logical part of Sierra’s mind screamed at her that it was pointless to hope for what was never going to happen even as her heart beat a frantic tempo.  She had been through this before with the grief counselor after his death.  It wasn’t uncommon for someone who had a hard time facing their grief to imagine seeing or hearing their dead loved ones in certain places during stressful times.  That was all this was and she was determined not to turn around and act like a crazy woman with a strange man.
At the same time, she knew that laugh and that name.  They were as familiar to her as breathing.  She pivoted to face the laughing person abruptly.  She was sure she was wrong but she had to see for herself.
She didn’t know what she would see when she turned around.  Perhaps she would come face to face with the morbid, skeletal remains of a man long dead but who still haunted her dreams, grotesquely brought back to life.  She tried to tell herself that she was chasing a dream of falling stars and fool’s gold.  It wasn’t him, dead now for three full years.  She would have to accept that if she wanted to be truly happy once more.
Logic lost out.  She knew that laugh and she couldn’t ignore it.  She would be grief stricken and disappointed again.  Everything that had happened since Raine’s loss and the funeral would all come rushing back and every emotion would have a razor edge.  This was not a good idea and she told herself that.  Her heart still ignored her brain and when she turned, she found herself drowning in an intense blue gaze she’d thought she’d never see again.
Her mind shut down with an onslaught of disbelief and hope.  She could only stare for a moment, too numb with shock to speak.
A tenuous hush settled around her.  Even if something were to happen, she wouldn’t be aware of it because her ears wouldn’t hear anymore.  The woman who stood off to his left frowned slightly in confusion at the way Sierra’s face must have turned ashen with shock.  Tension and pregnant silence blanketed the air around her as everyone seemed to hold their breath in expectation of something they didn’t understand and were too curious to ignore.
Sierra paid very little attention to any of that as her focus narrowed and then centered completely on the living, breathing vision who stood before her and she felt a swift black anger she’d never felt before.  Raine stood before her when she had thought he was gone forever and had grieved his passing so deeply.  Her fury deepened and brought with it an overshadowing of the pain of loss that had surrounded her for three years.  In the space of seconds the agony of the past and the burden of pain were lifted and replaced by a tightly coiled rage.
She felt the urge to lash out at him and she curbed the impulse.  And then a pleasant kind of numbness swept through her, a welcome sense of nothingness replaced the rage she had felt.  Her lips parted slightly and her breathing became rapid, forced from her lungs with a concentrated effort.  She had stopped breathing completely when she had seen him, and had begun to feel her pulse pounding in her temples.
He seemed only baffled and curious as he met her eyes and his right eyebrow shot into his hairline.  An unspoken question that she knew well clouded his eyes.  Then he gave her that look.  His gaze traveled downward and then back up and met her eyes again with interest.  That look had never failed to make her weak in the knees in the past and still did and she gripped the edge of the counter that stood next to her in an attempt to hold her balance.  And she was pissed about it.
“My God, it can’t be,” She whispered.
She looked like she’d seen a ghost, Raine thought with some astonishment.  The woman’s face had gone pale and her eyes had widened.  Her pupils dilated, her jaw dropped and she stood there as immobile as if she’d been turned to stone.  He wondered about it while he took a step forward to catch her in the event that she fainted.  Judging by the way her face had lost all its color it was a distinct possibility.
He couldn’t help but notice her subtle beauty.  Her eyes were a striking silver color, large and enigmatic that beckoned to and pierced him and he couldn’t look away because the sense of recognition was too strong to ignore.  Her light colored hair was long, thick and pulled back in a simple ponytail.  She didn’t wear makeup and she looked like she’d had kids.  He didn’t have time to notice anything else about her but he did notice that much.
Outwardly Raine remained curiously detached while inwardly his senses were in turmoil.  Fear and fascination clashed inside him and gave him the contradictory urges to know more about her and to turn and run in the opposite direction as fast as he could.
There was something about her, something so elusive that he could not pinpoint it but something inherently vital.  She recognized it and he could tell because she was an open book and wore her emotions on her face.
Endless questions fought for dominance in his mind and endless mystery responded.  He was trying to remember where he’d seen her before because he was sure that he had.  At that moment, he was drawing a mental blank and trying unsuccessfully to get around it and reach beyond the wall that blocked his thoughts to the answers that lay behind it.  
His stomach clenched like someone had punched him.  Nameless emotions crowded in on him and his heart pounded painfully behind his ribs.
Apparently still in the throes of shock, she made to reach out and touch him to see if he was alive and the lights shone off of an object, shimmering and gilded in the corner of his eye.  He glanced at the hand that reached for him.  His eyes riveted and then widened, first in disbelief, then in shock and then denial as he stared at a ring that he’d thought he’d never see this side of his water logged dreams.
She was his missing link, the bodiless voice and faceless savior from his nightmares.  She was the one who would be able to bridge the gap and help him solve his puzzle.  He still had no inkling just who she was or how she was important and he only felt a faint recollection and the most startlingly keen feeling of blank recognition.  He did know beyond any doubt or second thought that he should stay by her side.  He needed to know what she knew and he needed her help.
His breath rushed from his lungs in a gasp and his eyes flew to hers.  Their gazes locked once again and clashed, hers strangely combative, his stark with confusion and a thirst for knowledge only she could quench.  He was startled and completely baffled by the fury on her face.  Rich and bitter, it was a terrible fury that for reasons he couldn’t even begin to understand was directed solely at him.  Her mouth tightened into a grim line and her jaw clenched, she met his gaze and stared him down.
“Who are you?” Raine asked softly, his voice thick with confusion and heavy resignation as he waited for the explosion he could see coming on her face.  What the hell had he done to deserve her anger?
“Don’t you remember me?” She asked him.  Her voice was cold and laden with sarcasm, her eyes glittering with rage.  Her tone was rising and she finished with a shout, “It only took you three years to run and forget your wife?”
Now, it was his turn to feel his face drain of color.  Every muscle in his body had gone tense, still as a statue, and his mouth opened and then closed again, trying to form words that wouldn’t come.  He stood for a moment in dumb silence.  Then a swift undercurrent of emotion crushed him and at the same moment a feeling of weightlessness lifted him from out of the depths of black despair.
The air began to feel heavy and overly warm.
On either side of him the fluorescent lights overhead sputtered, dimmed slightly and then brightened again for a breathless minute that felt like a lifetime.  Then without warning the lights glowed brightly, blinding and intense.  Up and down the hall, nurses and hospital visitors alike shielded eyes from the glare.
In the back of Raine’s mind, he heard the dim hissing and popping of the bulbs in the ceiling fixtures that suddenly hummed with energy they weren’t designed to give off.  There was an explosion above his head and the tinkling sound of shattering glass broke the stillness around him as the lights immediately on either side of him burst downward.  A shower of glass shards sprayed all around him and reacting purely on the pull of instinct he pulled the woman into the protective circle of his arms.  He put himself as a barrier between her and the glass that fell all around them and ducked his head.  
The explosions, with first the hissing and popping, and then a sharp crack like a horsewhip, continued on either side of the couple huddled and trembling on the floor.  In perfect rhythm and at the same time amazing unison from either side of the hall, the lights glowed insanely bright.  Then they shattered, exploded downward with an ear-rending boom and the tinkling sound of breaking glass.  First the two on either side of them, then the next pair, and so on.
The terrified screams and whimpers of nurses, patients and visitors echoed all around them.  Groans of pain followed quickly after as people were hit with wayward shards of flying glass.  
An image flickered through his mind, a memory of darkness and mystery.  He had been pulled roughly from a liquid grave and forced into the rear of a black van.  The vehicle had been unmarked and nondescript but for the bright white of the license plate on the rear bumper of the vehicle but the darkness was too deep for him to read it.  
No voices shouted in the memory, everyone worked in absolute quiet, the stillness of the night unbroken except for the slosh of water and the chattering of his teeth.  He had gone from the protective blanket of the water and been brought abruptly to the body numbing cold of a lightless winter evening.  The moon and stars were strangely absent and men mumbled words too low to be heard.
Relentless, scorching heat had settled over him as he bent to the ground and vomited.  Instead of throwing up water, his churning stomach had given over a green, bile-like substance that should have seemed more like the symptoms of dehydration but came out from between lips blue with cold.
Questions had pounded at a brain that refused to focus, steeped in shock and numb with cold and fatigue.  How long had he been trapped in the car?  The last thing he had remembered was the deer that had run in front of him.  He had swerved to miss it and lost control.  The car had slid precariously along the road before it had come into bone-jarring contact with the guardrails on the bridge and stopped the deadly inertia of the car for a moment.  Then with a gut-wrenching groan and snap the rail had given way.  Raine had watched his death rise up to meet him in the form of an uncaring black wall of water that the car had plunged into and quickly sunk to the bottom.
The electrical panel in the dashboard had shorted out with a soft sizzle and the smell of burnt wires.  The power locks on the doors of the car had been useless.  Even if they had unlocked he wouldn’t have been able to open the doors if he’d tried with all his strength.  He was trapped.
Raine had had to fight panic and had almost won until he had felt the first cold caress of water at his feet.  Soaking into his shoes, it brought with it the knowledge that he was going to die beneath twenty feet of uncaring, icy river.  The irony of it had struck him for a moment and he had heard himself laugh a soft, insane laugh at the thought that humans could not survive without water and it was going to be the death of him.
He had not fought after that, giving up when the water had reached his waist and his legs had seized.  Cold and terror had locked the muscles in place and they refused to move except to tremble violently with cold.
After that his memory went blank and he was brought back to the present and the sounds of terror, pain and exploding glass once again.
The woman beneath Raine trembled in fear and she shouted to Raine above the din, “You have to stop it, Raine.  Please stop it now before someone gets hurt!”
Stop what?  He wondered dimly while he realized that she knew his name and she had spoken to him life she knew him.  It was more like she issued an order but at the same time, she didn’t act like it was something she’d never done.  She’d told him a thing or two before and he knew it in his gut.  This knowledge brought with it such a storm of emotion that in terrifying unison, the remaining four lights on either end of the hall shattered, plunging them all into darkness and petrified silence.
Baxter’s expletives got rather creative when tough and unbreakable Vince reported to him that evening.  His star field agent had become the laughing stock of the entire company and made Baxter look like a fool in the bargain.  He had trusted his top operative to carry out the mission he had been assigned and Vince had failed.  It made Baxter unbelievably mad.
Vince was making it a practice of avoiding looking directly at Baxter.  He tried to pass it off with a nonchalant attitude but his attempts to look unaffected were transparently obvious as he shifted from foot to foot like a shamed child.  
The papers that Vince had tossed casually on the desk with his report detailed a trail run cold, or at least as cold as it was going to get with all things considered.  They now had no choice but to dare an encounter with Raine because he already knew they were after him anyway.  Who could not know when they had been shot at?
Baxter had hoped it wouldn’t come to this.  He hated this part.  From the very beginning of his career he had always preferred not to work in the open light of day.  Instead he had chosen to work in the role of the coward.  It wasn’t like it was a bad thing because the coward usually got away and managed to live to work another day.  That and he liked the cloak and dagger persona that he’d cultivated for himself and he’d always done his best work undercover.  Every morning when he got up with sleepy, blood-shot eyes and got ready for another day a part of his heart always remained in darkness.
Raine was getting more daring as well.  From what Vince had been telling Baxter, he didn’t run in fear each time something else happened.  He was beginning to accept it with grim finality and move on.  He was healing and that wasn’t good.
That was the reason Baxter felt a sense of urgency that he hadn’t felt in years.  They had been so close already to silencing him permanently but had missed their opportunity when Raine had moved that inch that had taken him out of harm’s way.  Baxter knew that they had to find him soon to finish what they needed to do.
Baxter rubbed his hand over his forehead and eyes wearily.  He hadn’t been able to sleep the last few nights because he had a big problem with the name Raine printed across the front in big block letters.
They had to get rid of him.  They had to silence the man who knew too much and yet too little to do much damage.  They were very sure that he didn’t remember a thing.  The problem was that Raine’s memory was already repairing itself and every second of every day could bring the catalyst that he so desperately needed to focus on what he knew.  That couldn’t happen, it would bring years of careful work and study crashing down around Baxter’s head.
Reprogramming was no longer an option.  Elimination was the only course of action now.  Despite the years of hard work and the expense that had been put into the study of one of the most powerful and dangerous persons that Baxter had ever seen, they were going to have to get rid of him.  Every minute that flew by brought Raine closer to the secrets that could bring down a very powerful and wide-reaching organization.
A kind of aching regret seized Baxter.  He had been the one who had planned and worked to keep Raine naïve to try to keep him alive.  Unfortunately it looked as though that wasn’t going to be the case.  When Baxter’s father had come to him with this some thirty years previous, Baxter had seen this as a chance to redeem himself in his fathers’ eyes and he had seized it.  He had volunteered to take the assignment overseeing the study of a young Raine Donnelly, all excited at the amazing talents that had begun to surface in the child, sure and strong.
Baxter had personally taken charge of the child’s well-being, for fifteen years he had all but personally raised Raine.  Baxter had seen to his education, carefully screening what Raine would learn and not learn.  Under strict secrecy, he had meticulously monitored Raine day in and day out until he knew the boy’s likes and dislikes as well as his flaws and his strengths.  He even planned the child’s diet week by week.  He had decided what books the boy would read and he personally screened and hired Raine’s doctors and tutors.  He even began to limit Raine’s associations and interactions with other people so he wouldn’t get a bad influence.  The only thing he kept was his distance.  Raine was a subject for study and even if Baxter had worked his life away to see to the boys’ needs, he still would not have been able to get close.  That would’ve been unacceptable.
Vince softly cleared his throat and brought Baxter back to the present, reminding him that he was staring blankly out the window, lost in recollection.  The Big Boys, as Baxter liked to call them, the privately hired and well paid doctors had warned him and his father after all.  They had told them both that this would happen.  They had been very clear that they didn’t know enough about the human brain to make anything permanent and that sooner or later, Raine would inevitably fix himself and remember everything.  One tiny misstep would bring everything crashing down so Vince’s big blunder was just plain inexcusable.
Vince watched as Baxter’s face went from bug-eyed and purple with rage, to pale in the space of a heartbeat and his stomach turned sour.  That look could not be good.
He knew Baxter as an old friend.  They had gone out drinking and partying together when they were younger and they knew each other well.
They had been stupid then.  They had been young and cocky and so sure that they had all the answers.  They had waited for their turn for glory and had bragged together drunkenly about their plans to be not just big but enormous men of consequence and respect.
The thirst for power had held them both in those years; Vince with the need for success that came from living his whole life in poverty and Baxter out of an undying need to please the impossible man he called father.  The man had shown no tenderness to his only son even in those days but Baxter had respected him anyway.  
Vince had clawed his way to the top with Baxter’s help.  In turn Vince had helped any way he could when the demise of Baxter’s father had left the then young man inconsolable.  They had learned to trust each other because there had been no one else to trust.
And now Vince had destroyed the trust that Baxter had placed in him, and that rankled.  He wasn’t number one in Baxter’s eyes anymore.  An impeccable service record spanning a few decades shot to hell in a second and he was no longer the top operative.  He could see it in the set of Baxter’s jaw and those piercing eyes.  He was probably going to be fired or demoted and he wanted to look at Baxter and bring up that he’d worked for him for years and always been spot on and that should at least count for something.  If the look on Baxter’s face were any indication it didn’t matter in the least and so Vince waited for Baxter to pronounce judgment.
Silence hung between them for long moments before Vince finally gave up the contest of wills with a resigned sigh and turned to leave.  He had even taken the first step of what had come to seem like an endless journey out of the office, intending to clear his desk and office when Baxter’s quiet voice stopped him cold.
“You’re going to go back and clean up the mess you’ve made, you know,” Baxter told Vince.
Vince frowned with confusion, sure that he had misunderstood.  Baxter was notorious within the company for his mercilessness and his lack of tolerance and yet he was by all accounts now offering Vince a second chance.  Vince turned around, his eyes showing his bafflement and asked in a rather faint voice, “What?”
“I can’t lose you as an agent.  You’re too valuable, always have been,” He said with a vague wave of his hand. “So I’m going to send you back and you’re going to fix the mess you’ve made.”
Relief washed over Vince and his back straightened, coming to military attention as he looked at Baxter.  Truthfully, Vince could consider himself downright complimented and that just didn’t happen with Baxter.  He said determinedly, “You won’t be disappointed, sir.  You can trust me this time.”
Baxter inclined his head in Vince’s general direction.  Then in a diametrically opposite and dizzying reversal of his moment of grace he added, “You will take Leo with you this time.  Just to make sure there are no more mistakes, you understand.”
“A babysitter?  I think not,” Vince told him with a slight wayward smile and a shake of his head. “I work alone and you know it.”
“Just for a short period of time, think of it as a trial basis or a probationary period,” Baxter said smoothly and then he added, “Aside from that, Leo’s been driving me bananas.  I figure you can keep an eye on him and get him out of here for a little while.”
It set in for Vince in that moment that Baxter was completely serious and his outrage came in the form of a shout that Baxter watched with unruffled calm.
“I will not take that…that…goofy rookie with me!  I refuse,” Vince stormed as he placed his hands on the desk and leveled Baxter with a furious gaze.  “You can trust me to clean this one up on my own, I don’t need a tag-along!  He’ll screw everything up and you know it.  I thought you trusted me but now you’re going to have a grunt watching my every move?”
With cool practicality Baxter stood and placed his hands on the desk, facing Vince and mimicking his posture.  Telling him in a silky, ominous tone that carried an unmistakable thread of steel command Baxter answered, “You’ll do as I say or you’ll clear out your desk and get out of your office by the end of the day.”
Vince was trapped and he knew it, skillfully maneuvered into a corner and the only options for escape were unthinkable.  He growled low in his throat with animal frustration and faced Baxter head-on.  The ferocity glittering in his eyes made most men tremble but only caused Baxter to return his regard with cool detachment.  Vince stated with fatalistic emphasis on every word spoken, “You want me to take the little puke with me, fine but he so much as looks at me the wrong way, and you’ll be minus the little jackass.”
Then without being dismissed and not really caring about it, he picked up his report from the desk and turned.  He stormed out of the CEO’s office, muttering under his breath in a ritualistic display of thwarted rage, dazed at Baxter’s audacity.
When he pushed the door open with a satisfying crash, he found himself facing Leo.  The boy was smiling, positively aglow with excitement.  Vince’s jaw clenched and his rage redoubled.  
Completely ignoring his new partner and hoping the younger man would take the hint and leave him alone, Vince walked with long, angry strides to his office where he closed the door and locked it.  He didn’t care to be bothered by little Leo.  The kid would only want to come up with a game plan to fix the mess that Vince had inadvertently caused.  The thought of having to talk at all to the irritating Leo made his stomach turn and his rage positively emanated off of him.  Pacing back and forth, he wracked his brain for any way to fix his mistake.  He turned his thoughts to trying to figure it out.
Then it came to him, the perfect way to bring Raine to his knees out in the open where they wanted him to be.  Vince heard himself chuckle with what most would consider misguided glee, awash in expectation of what would prove to be the most daring venture in his career.  He should have thought of this before.
He sat down at his desk then, mapping out a plan in his mind.  Vince would hear Baxter admit that he was wrong after this.  That was his goal in this latest escapade, and he would not rest until he had seen it through.
An expectant hush had fallen over the occupants of the third floor of Lindfried Hospital like the silence of predawn.  The pediatric wing of the hospital on the opposite half of the third floor seemed untouched.  There were no screams or cries coming from there but the nurses had heard the commotion and now came running.
Nothing moved and no one uttered a plaintive groan of pain or confusion.  Everyone lay in wait with bated breath for someone to let them know that whatever it was that had happened was truly over.  Even the nurses seemed to be shocked and useless.  
The sharp scent of acute fear mingled with the sickly sweet smell of blood rested in the air overlaying the distinct smells of industrial strength cleaner and air freshener.  The wispy odor of an abnormally large electrical charge coupled with the smell of burnt wires came from the overloaded light fixtures above and like cigarette smoke it clung stubbornly to the skin and clothes.  
Here and there from the spent lights above came a periodic spark or two.  A momentary blue-white brilliance that made a few onlookers who had mustered enough courage to lift their heads cautiously duck them immediately again.  
The two huddled on the floor slowly lifted their heads when the generator-powered backup lights came on.  They were both trembling, one from fear and the other from trepidation as they looked around them at the sea of shattered glass that littered the entire hall.  
As each had exploded in turn, the lamps had given off a tremendous shower of sparks; much more than what should’ve been normal.  Now charred areas of burnt carpeting marked where each of the sparks, white-hot and luminous, had landed and melted the fabric.  The sparks had not only landed on the floor either.  Every surface had been damaged from the sheaves of papers that made up the patients’ charts to the walls.  There were large holes in people’s clothing and sore, blistered burns.  For a large part injuries were on their backs from where they had curled up on the floor, instinctively covering head and neck.
Now everything cast in the glow of the backup lights reflected softly what looked like major destruction that would cost handsomely to repair but was in reality more like a ghastly redecoration on a relatively minor scale.  The walls would need to be repainted and the carpets replaced, but that was about it.  Patient charts were not so worrisome because they would be backed up in the computer system and any nurse or doctor on the floor could treat the burns.
A few nurses got up from the floor.  Turning around slowly to survey the chaos, they called for help from other floors and then began to tend the patients they could, dispensing burn cream, bandages and a sympathetic ear.  They worked quickly, calmly and efficiently and only their pale faces and darting eyes betrayed their anxiety.  They couldn’t explain what had happened but they could sure take care of people and that’s exactly what they did.
Some of the religious began to talk about the virtues of a just and mighty Lord and while most people were unimpressed, they still wouldn’t quit.  They had decided that it was a sign of the end times and they were determined to tell everyone within hearing distance.  Still others walked around in a kind of numb haze, observing but not really seeing and retreating behind a wall of indifference.
Raine looked around him at the general disorderliness and then he looked to the woman whose name was still beyond his guess.  She gazed around for a moment at the mess, her face slack with shock and dumbly blank.  When she met his eyes again she pulled from him, a look of stark horror on her face.  
He couldn’t stand seeing that look but the reason escaped him, and he flinched like she had slapped him.  He pulled away from her and worked to stand, holding out his hand which she gratefully accepted, unaware of the dread in his eyes.
She was afraid and her fear was directed his way, which didn’t sit well at all.  He didn’t want her to be afraid of him.  Of all the feelings he would rather see on her face, like understanding or forgiveness or even a return of her previous rage, fear was not among them.  He wanted to see the proud determination that had been there when he had first laid eyes on her.  It was the first thing he’d noticed and tried to ignore.  He didn’t know why until he remembered that it was before he had seen the ring on her right hand.
She had told him she was his wife but if that were true, wouldn’t he remember his own wedding?
Suddenly he remembered the conversation that he’d had only days ago with the Lindens.  There had been time missing there with nothing but his memories to work with.  Had he married somewhere in the past and simply didn’t remember it?  That didn’t seem likely.  Of course, it seemed even less likely that he would meet a woman who claimed to be his wife but whom he’d never seen before in his life.  That was a bit of a riddle now, wasn’t it?  Then again, she could be either lying or crazy but if so, why would she be so adamant and why would she pick him?  It just didn’t make any sense.
He couldn’t tell if she was lying or not and if she was, she was exceptionally good at it.  She didn’t look away from him or even blush.  Not that a blush would’ve been noticed with her face as red with anger as it had been but the point was still the point.  She was mad and as far as he could tell, she was also telling the truth.
That didn’t sit well either because if he looked at it from her point of view and if she was being honest, he’d apparently died and left her to square off and take on the world alone.  This debacle was getting worse because if that were the case, he was rightfully nothing more than scum in her eyes right now and that certainly wouldn’t help him any when it came to finding out the truth.  In short, if she could prove it to him, he was in serious trouble with a woman he didn’t remember meeting which was not a very good first impression.
She noticed the direction of his thoughts, it was there in the way she avoided his gaze.  She was trying to ignore him.  It wasn’t that he could blame her but he also couldn’t let that happen at this point.
A plaintive whimper shattered the stillness between them and she turned quickly to see the twins walking towards her like they didn’t have a care in the world.  They seemed to have been sedated and it had not completely worn off judging by the bleary, glassy gazes that they turned her way.  They had come from the pediatric wing of the hospital and they were not being terribly careful to avoid stepping on broken glass so she walked quickly to them instead.
Raine followed her for the first few steps, intent on the idea that he would not let her out of his sight.  He stopped dead in his tracks when he saw two pint-sized mirror images who looked just like him.  Small identical hands rubbed large, intense sleepy blue eyes and small heads bowed, jet black hair falling to frame two of the same face.  Shock poured through him in waves and he felt distinctly sick to his stomach.  This made not good turn into worse very quickly.
He didn’t usually cuss because he thought it was ignorant but in that moment when he looked at kids who could only be his, he felt the urge to swear a blue streak.  He still wasn’t sure she was his wife because it was normal to have a relationship and not get married but he knew beyond any shadow of a doubt that they were his kids.  He felt the tug on his heart strings when he looked at them and that made a whole world of difference.
Now in her estimation he wasn’t just scum, he was a sleazy bastard and he couldn’t blame her for it.
The children looked at him curiously for a moment.  Then, one of them looked at the woman and told her sleepily, “I told you it felt like he was waiting, didn’t I Mom?”
The other of the two simply looked at him for a minute and then yawned hugely and buried her face in her mother’s neck.
The woman looked at the children for the space of a heartbeat then she glanced at him again and with undisguised contempt asked him, “If you don’t remember me, do you at least remember your daughters?”
The same twin who had spoken before asked her mother insistently, “Didn’t I tell you it felt like Daddy was waiting?”
She stared blankly at the child for a moment and then said, “Yeah you did, Elizabeth.  But what was Daddy waiting for?  Hell to freeze over?”
The girl looked hurt by that and the woman immediately looked guilty and said, “I’m sorry, baby, I shouldn’t have said that to you.”
“But Mom, you don’t understand,” the girl replied.
“I understand that I shouldn’t be taking my anger out on you,” She answered simply, “It’s not you who ran away.”
Raine heard the words and the hurt that lay beneath them but he was powerless to change her mind.  Too much had already happened and he couldn’t seem to focus on any one thing.  He could ask because he needed to know, “How could I leave behind what I never knew I had?”
He realized his mistake the moment the words left his mouth as he saw the anger in her eyes.  Too late to take the words back and adamantly unwilling to make his situation worse, Raine shut his mouth.  He stared at her with the same stony demeanor she had been treating him to for the last several minutes.
It was at that moment the silent twin chose to speak, her voice slurred with sleep, “Don’t be mad, Mom, it’s not his fault.”
The woman looked incredulously at the girl and asked, “Why?”
“Cause he doesn’t remember us,” the girl replied, and then would say no more. 
Vince had never been so close to strangling someone as he was now.  Leo couldn’t seem to shut up, chattering endlessly about God only knew what.  The only problem was Vince couldn’t tune out the sound of Leo’s voice and he was seriously considering buying a pair of earplugs.  He tried to ignore Leo instead which was a useless endeavor because the idiot would ask him questions and then get quiet for a few blessed moments before he would interrupt Vince’s thoughts to repeat the question until he had his answer, the little pest.
Leo didn’t belong in the business of cloak and dagger.  The boy’s expression was too open and honest and he had obviously never heard of any such thing as a poker face.  His features were drawn into an expression of satisfaction that gave Vince the urge to teach him a few pointers.  Or bash his face in, whichever held more appeal at the moment.  The way it was looking now, he’d bloody Leo’s nose before the day was out and if he was lucky he’d break it away from his face completely in the bargain.  It did seem like a good idea.
Vince sighed heavily instead, turned his mind inward and tried to ignore Leo.  It didn’t work and Vince clenched his jaw to keep from shouting in annoyance.  If he didn’t fix the mistake that he’d really begun to regret, he’d be stuck in the company of the twit.  He’d rather shoot himself in the head.  Vince knew he’d go stark raving mad soon and they’d end up locking him in a rubber room with nothing but the sound of his own voice to keep him company.  He could almost imagine Leo showing up to visit him and talking constantly and then Vince would never escape this.  The thought just about gave him a panic attack.
They were in Vince’s car driving in the general direction of Dr. Calloway’s office, a trip that Vince saw as completely pointless.  Leo had insisted because he wanted to “poke around.”  So they had gone, Leo babbling all the way and Vince consumed with a completely abject, unhealthy humiliation.
Vince had never seen a young man whose ambition and business acumen were surpassed only by his gullibility and ignorance.  Proof positive stared him in the face quite literally each time he turned his head to the right, an action that he avoided at all costs.
His musings were interrupted again by Leo saying his name and then silence.  He’d obviously asked a question and damned if Vince knew what it was so he said, “I’m sorry, I wasn’t paying attention.  What did you say?”
If Leo was annoyed it didn’t show as he repeated quite patiently, “I asked what the game plan was?”
“Game plan?” Vince asked rather stupidly, completely at a loss what the boy was jabbering about.
“Yeah, a game plan.  You know, one of those things you do before you act,” He said sarcastically.
“I know what a game plan is you nerd.  What I’m wondering is why you would think I have one?” Vince asked him.
“I would think that an experienced field agent wouldn’t just charge in guns blazing and think about it later would you?” Leo shot back with a note of skepticism when Vince simply raised his eyebrows in unspoken challenge.
“What makes you think that isn’t the game plan?” Vince asked him seeing that for the first time, he had actually caught the boy off guard.  Score one for Vince, he thought with satisfaction.
The glow of victory was entirely too short lived.  The boy turned in his seat to fully face Vince and gave him a back-handed compliment when he answered, “Because that would only constitute stupidity and of all the things you are, you’re not stupid.”  
Taken aback for a moment, he glanced at Little Leo quickly, mildly shocked.
Leo’s began to laugh and said quickly, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean that you’re not also rude, autocratic, taciturn and arrogant.”
“Oh gee, thanks,” Vince replied with a dry laugh and allowed to himself that Leo might not be so bad.  If he could manage to keep his mouth shut for two consecutive minutes, the kid might turn out to be pretty cool.  At least he had a sense of humor.
“Careful what you say Vince, I might start to think you’re nice,” Leo added and Vince laughed harder.
“I’ll remember that if you’ll remember which way we’re going.  I’ve gotten lost,” Vince admitted with his lips twitching and Leo’s head fell back with a sharp bark of laughter, “You’d think that I’d remember where I was going, I’ve only lived in this town for fifteen years or so.”
“Turn left here,” Leo said helpfully indicating a side street and then he added, “Go three more blocks and turn right.  We’ll stop at my place and eat while we discuss exactly how were gonna pull this one off.”
Vince realized then that it was late and he hadn’t eaten yet so he decided that was a good idea and followed Leo’s directions that took them to his house.  It was a small, single story place painted in the sickliest green color Vince had ever seen with bright yellow shutters on the windows as an absurd opposite and an eye sore.  When he said something Leo aimed an apologetic in his direction and said, “I bought this place not too long ago from an old friend of my father.  I guess it was his first house and he must have been color-blind but it sort of matches the grass when it grows.”
“Yeah well, you’re right about the color-blind part,” Vince told him and then added, “Why don’t you paint it?”
“If I had the time I would,” Leo replied, “But I work twelve hours a day and by the time I’m done, all I want to do is grab a beer and sit in a chair.”
“What about the weekends?” Vince asked, and then caught himself up short as he realized that he was talking to a guy he was set not to like in an almost friendly way.
“If my mom could take care of herself I would have time off,” Leo told him with a tired sigh.  “But she’s clinically insane and dangerous to herself and others, so I help out to give Dad time off.”
“Dangerous?” Vince asked.
“She tries to hurt herself and she’ll hurt anyone she doesn’t know.  She’d sleep with a butcher knife if my dad would let her,” Leo said.
Vince felt sorry for Leo for a moment and didn’t like it at all.  Unfortunately Leo noticed it and didn’t like it either saying in a flat, controlled voice, “Leave it alone, old man.  You don’t know anything about it, so just drop it.”
Vince could handle that.  He didn’t like other people feeling sorry for him either so he understood.
Leo walked up to the front door and unlocked it, opening it wide to give Vince plenty of room to walk in front of him.  Stepping across the threshold and looking around, Vince was shocked by the pleasant, airy feeling of the interior.  Apparently Leo had decorated the inside himself or hired an interior decorator with some taste as it was as nice as the exterior was ugly.
Decorated entirely in earth tones, the inside of the house seemed more male than anything but it was comfortable and relaxed and Vince could appreciate it.  It was better than the outside anyway.
Leo seemed a little anal retentive about orderliness.  He took off his jacket and hung it carefully in the closet immediately off to his right.  Then taking Vince’s jacket he hung it as well.  Leo took off his shoes and arranged them neatly on the throw-rug in front of the door and Vince followed suit, taking off his loafers and setting them down on the rug.  He just wasn’t as careful about it and Leo straightened them for him which reinforced his idea that Leo was a clean freak.
Leading the way into the kitchen Leo tossed an apologetic look over his shoulder and said, “All I really have is left-over pizza and beer if that’s okay with you.”
“Sounds fine to me,” Vince replied while he watched Leo make plates.
Leo was a high-strung busybody if the way he seemed to feel the need for constant motion said anything at all.  He simply wouldn’t sit down.  Even after the pizza had been reheated and Leo had gotten two bottles of beer he continually jumped up from his seat.  First was the need for napkins, and then for coasters for the beers which had begun to sweat in the heated atmosphere of the house and had left unsightly rings of water on the table where they sat.
When Vince began to feel dizzy and tired just watching Leo, he opened his mouth to tell the boy to sit and enjoy his dinner.  Leo beat him to the punch as he looked at the table once and sat down with a satisfied nod.  
He still wouldn’t sit still, fidgeting nervously in his seat like an energetic kid and Vince wondered why he was so fidgety.  He didn’t say anything because he was quite happy to see Leo sit so he could relax and eat.  It was a habit Vince had picked up from years as a field agent, constantly keeping an eye on his surroundings and never letting down his guard.  On more than one occasion, it had saved his life and he found that he didn’t want to change it.
“How are we going to manage this?” Leo’s question startled Vince.  Vince put down his unfinished slice of pizza, determined to finally set things straight.
“We’re not doing anything.  I’m going to take care of this and you’re gonna watch and learn,” Vince replied.
“But I thought…” Leo began, and then trailed off with confusion darkening eyes already black as sin.
“I know what you thought but that isn’t the way it’s going to be,” Vince told him.  “I’m going to do this my way which means you stay out of the way and keep your mouth shut,” Vince added pointedly making sure that Leo understood perfectly what was to happen.
A chill had entered the boy’s eyes and his smile became polite, frosty and distant. “Okay then,” Leo stated shortly, “What are you going to do?”
“Leave that to me,” Vince replied, not sure that the boy would take to the plan that he had already thought out carefully.  Every turn and every possible mishap had already been planned for and planned around and nothing could go wrong this time. “I’ve got it all figured out.  Finish eating, we’ve got to go,” And with that Vince stood, putting an abrupt end to the conversation.
If the woman was surprised by the girl’s words she didn’t show it.  More to the point she simply seemed to accept what the girl said.  Whether or not she believed it was another matter entirely.  She simply rolled her eyes heavenward with a prayer for patience and kept her silence.
Raine however, watched the twins try to exonerate him in their mother’s eyes with confusion and something that closely resembled pride.  They were clever girls.  They knew just what to say and how to say it with just the right kind of melting look in their eyes while they both insisted that he didn’t remember and that it wasn’t his fault.
He gazed at the trio and it really sunk in that they were his wife and children.  The bustle of cleanup on the third floor of the hospital faded into the background.  His eyes focused on the three standing so near, the children who looked like him and the woman who was beyond the reach of reason.  It wasn’t that he could blame her he just wished she’d give him the benefit of a doubt.  Her eyes glittered dangerously and her mouth had been pulled into a snarl.
There could not be a more inopportune time for them to have stumbled into his life.  Right now for Raine the world outside the walls of this hospital was perilous.  The last few days had flown by in a surreal blur of pain and confusion.  From sniper fire to medical revelations of incredible importance and sub-atomic stature, his world had been neatly turned upside down.  He really didn’t cotton the notion that simply by being part of his life the three were placed in the middle of mortal danger.  His first and most overwhelming instinct was to tell them to get as far away from him as they could as fast as they could but he couldn’t bring himself to do that.  He couldn’t even really seem to come up with words at this point.
His logical mind argued that the best thing he could do to protect them was to hold them close and keep a constant vigil.  His mind also revolved around the staggering number of dangers that they both represented and presented, a plethora of questions rotating amid a madness of irritating half answers.
He didn’t know why but he looked to the twins for help, partially for lack of a better alternative and partially because he saw understanding and acceptance in their eyes.  They might be young and a little more open minded but they were still children and to his mind too young to grasp what was happening.
He walked over to the twins, huddled in their mothers’ arms, yawning hugely and looking at him with glazed, distant eyes.  Dropping to his knees so that he was eye-level with them and feeling utterly ridiculous he asked them what should have been a rhetorical question but which suddenly began to make sense.  
“Do you know who I am?” His voice was tremulous, uncertain and raspy and he didn’t sound like himself.  It’s not that anyone could blame him.  He hadn’t ever had kids before now and didn’t have any experience with them and he didn’t know what he was doing so he decided he’d just have to wing it.
The quieter of the twins said softly, “Don’t worry Daddy, we know who you are even if you don’t.”
“In that case,” Raine said and extended his hand to the girl.  With quiet gravity he said, “I’m Raine Donnelly, pleased to meet you.”
The corners of the girls’ mouth turned up slightly and her face brightened.  Mimicking his solemnity she grasped his large hand with her small one and she replied, “I’m Renee.” Then, she nodded in the direction of her mother and twin and added, “My sister’s name is Elizabeth, she talks a lot.  Mom’s name is Sierra Nicole.  Some people call her Si Si, but she hates that.”
Raine laughed a carefree, weightless laugh.  Tension flowed off his chest easily now that he had learned their names.  “We’ll make sure and not call her that then, okay?”
Renee nodded sagely, and smiled. “Good idea,” she told him deadpan.
Sierra watched Renee ease everyone into what would have otherwise been an unbearably awkward situation and was struck by the irony.  She was introducing her sister and their mother to her father.  That was a little weird.  Sierra was still livid but she knew she needed to just go with the flow and wait to see what would happen.  That was the smartest option.
Sierra was still struck with the idea that she was currently meeting her own husband and the father of her children and what was more, he didn’t remember her.  Yet when the bulbs had been popping all around them he had seemed terrified with an undercurrent of confused instinct.  At least, that was the impression she had gotten.  It was as if he knew what was happening but didn’t really understand it or like certain parts of his personality or consciousness were waking up from a long sleep, stretching out and beginning to work again.
It frightened him.  She could see it in the tense quality of his posture and the subdued stress of his stance.  His muscles nearly quivered with suppressed energy.  He showed no sense of control either as if he understood what happened but didn’t have the courage to face up to it.  In the past when things had happened, his tired eyes and drawn face had shown the effects of concentration and restraint.  Sierra seriously doubted he knew what was happening or why.  He looked like a man lost and alone and tossed around on a sea of new experiences that he didn’t understand.
While the twins talked with their father, Sierra allowed her mind to wander.  She began to think about the many contradictions that she faced when she looked at Raine and as her anger cooled she discovered the ability to reason as an adult.  
It struck her that Raine was acting like he was being completely honest.  He didn’t look away from her and he wasn’t running away either.  He talked with the twins amiably and honestly, like he was genuinely interested.  He was asking them questions about their favorite colors, what they liked in school, about their favorite foods and if they liked to read.  They were simple questions.  They were “getting to know you” questions.  He wasn’t blushing or getting red around the neck and he didn’t seem to feel any guilt at all.
Damned if that didn’t present a bit of a problem to her.
Three years ago Raine had left them without so much as a goodbye whispered on the frigid, empty wind and Sierra found that her fondest wish had been granted.  She had wanted her husband back and now he was here.  Unfortunately a perverse twist of fate had left him unaware of what he had left behind.  Sierra found herself swallowing a low hysterical laugh.  She didn’t want to stay with him, there was still too much going on in her heart and her head and she needed time to sort it out but she didn’t see another choice.
She still didn’t want to make it easy on him.  She had her pride after all and it told her to make him stew in it for a little bit and make him work his way back in.  Whether or not he had known about her and the twins she still wasn’t completely certain.  What she wanted to know was could she believe him, could she place her trust in Raine?  She might as well face that she didn’t have any idea what to do.
Just then the bell from the elevator sounded, the door opened and out stepped a man dressed entirely in black.  He was unfamiliar to her but noticeably within Raine’s frame of reference judging by the way he blanched.
Raine barely had time to think.  Something told him from instinct to get away from the man that he had seen in Dr. Calloway’s office, and do it quickly.  What the man wanted was anyone’s guess and it seemed peculiar that he would wind up here of all places where Raine and his newfound family stood weirdly reunited.
“We’ve got to get out of here,” He told Sierra in an undertone, his calm demeanor belying the vehemence in his voice.
He ushered them into the hall between separate halves of the floor then he pushed them into the shadows in a small service corridor and stood in front of them, barely concealed in the darkness.  Worries clouded Raine’s mind.  At the moment all four of them were concealed in the passageway in which they stood but the niche was small and if the door opened Sierra and the girls might be able to hide but he would be in full view of the man.
Peeking around the corner he saw the man wander around a moment with a look of trepidation on his face; trepidation and fear but no shock.  The man knew what was happening but he seemed not to like it.  He moved carefully, obviously trying not to tread on the thousands of shards of broken glass that littered the floor.  It was as if the man hoped to avoid any contamination that could perhaps spring from debris that had not yet been cleaned up.  
Then he went and began speaking to one of the nurses.  The conversation was spoken in undertones and Raine was unable to piece together what drifted his way to try to get the gist of what it was they talked about.  
“…looking…”
“…study…”
“…can’t tell you…”
“…apologize…”
“…better able…”
His heart began to pound with a mixture of exhilaration and fear.  His devastating lack of knowledge warred with his instinct and he stood frozen for a breath of a minute.  He was unsure which way to turn, not wanting to choose the wrong direction which he knew without question would cost them their lives.  
The man seemed unhappy with what the nurse told him and looked on the verge of doing physical violence when from out of the elevator stepped a young man, good looking with blond hair and black eyes.  He took one staggered look around him and muttered softly, “Holy…”
The rest was lost as Raine watched them disappear just beyond the bend of the hall and he turned to Sierra.  He whispered quickly to her, trying to tell her by the sound of his voice the urgency of the situation, “We need to go, now.”
She understood and nodded once.  She bent down quickly to explain to the children that they needed to be very quiet and very quick.  They hadn’t made a sound so it was like they understood before she had to say anything.  That made it easier and safer.
In the niche where they stood Raine could see approximately twenty-five feet in either direction without exposing himself to view of the hall.  Doing this he discovered that off to his left about ten feet was another corridor marked “Employee Elevators Authorized Personnel Only.”  If he could get all four of them just down the hall and to those elevators without attracting any attention he stood a chance of getting them all out of the hospital alive and safe.
Turning to Sierra and bending his head to whisper in her ear, Raine told her what needed to happen.  “We’re going to leave by the service elevators.  We can’t all go at once.  We need to leave one by one so we don’t attract as much attention.  You’ll go first so the girls know where to go.  When you get there hit the button for the elevator and hold it for us so we can go as soon as we’re all over there.  If you guys make it and I don’t go North West to Blaine and find Dr. Clifford Maxwell.  Tell him that Raine sent you and that you need his help, he’ll know what to do.”
The moment of desperation that flitted across Sierra’s face made him pause.  She was afraid and he could understand her resistance.  She had been thrown into the middle of something she couldn’t predict or control and that was always upsetting.  Now, she was forced to face the possibility that she might’ve found a long-lost husband only to lose him again in circumstances that she could not understand or effectively combat.  Most women would now be shedding tears uncontrollably.  Sierra looked for a moment like she wanted to argue and then nodded once, concealing uncertainty behind strength and courage.
He grabbed the duffel that he had been toting from the moment that he had left his room, a time which seemed so far past and yet was no more than the space of perhaps twenty minutes.  Nodding once to Sierra, he stepped aside to watch her creep quickly and quietly toward the service elevator.
Raine watched Sierra without breathing, his heart leaping into his throat and pounding painfully with terror from the moment she stepped out of the concealing shadows and walked with light, sure steps toward the service elevators.  It wasn’t until she reached the other side of the hall and stepped into the shadow of the alcove off to the left of the elevator that he released the breath he hadn’t realized he was still holding and his heart began to beat steadily again.
Then it was the twins’ turn.  He watched them sneak toward their mother, his heart in his throat and pounding painfully in fear with each step they took out from under the cover of the darkness.  Only when they were safely around the corner and hiding in the other hall did Raine allow himself to relax even a little.
Peeking around the corner to be sure he wasn’t being watched, Raine began the short trek to the other hall that seemed to have stretched into miles in the space of moments.  The soft monotone bell of the elevator sounded abnormally loud to Raine whose panic had grown astronomically in the space of seconds.  Then just as he disappeared around the corner and ran toward the open door of the elevator he heard a low gasping sound from the hallway beyond.  Feeling a sickening clenching in his gut Raine quickened his step, running the last few steps into the waiting elevator and pressing the ground floor button.  The door closed silently just as the man they had been trying to avoid appeared and he stared hard at Raine as the service corridor disappeared behind the doors.
Feeling the earnest tug on his sleeve he turned half expecting one of the children trying to get his attention.  What he faced instead was the picture of well-organized concern when Sierra looked at him and told him in a small, worried voice, “I left our bags in the kids’ room, all I brought was my purse.”
“Don’t worry, I’ll take care of it,” He told her shortly, more worried about the threat to their lives as they began their descent.
“The children aren’t wearing clothes, Raine,” She told him. “It’s freezing outside and they’ll get sick,” She added in the timeless voice of concerned reason, thinking of the weather and the hospital gowns that the staff had given the girls.
“I’ll take care of it,” He repeated, adamant that they shouldn’t return and remembering the winter gear he had bought when apparently he hadn’t known what was happening.  “Right now we have to get out of here.”
Her eyes clashed with his. “Who was that guy?” She asked instead in an attempt to change the subject.
“I don’t know.  He was around before when I went to the doctor but I don’t know who he is,” Raine told her, his voice anxious.
Silence descended over the elevator for the short remainder of the downward journey and when the doors opened again to admit them to the ground floor they hurried away.  They ignored the looks of confusion and anger from the staff when they stepped out of the elevator marked Employees Only and hurried towards the front doors.
They were almost there.  No more than ten feet to go and then certain freedom and more importantly, certain safety for the children that followed him without question.  From behind them the bell for the regular elevator doors sounded and Raine turned to find out who came out of it.  He half expected to see, because of his feverishly rampaging imagination, the man in black whose sole purpose seemed to be chasing him down spectacularly changed into an extension of the elevator itself and trying to claw his way out of his new home, metal screeching and scraping grotesquely against metal.  
Before he had pivoted fully a voice that sent chills up his spine shouted in their direction, “You there, stop.” It was a voice of confidence and command, steel threaded through velvet in a discordant combination.  That voice expected to be obeyed absolutely. 
Raine chose not to listen.  In a single movement he stepped, knelt gracefully, grabbed both girls and ran as fast as his straining legs could carry them, shouldering other visitors out of his path when he needed to and ignoring the shouts of outrage and surprise cast his way.  
Using his back as a shield and putting a protective barrier between the mysterious man and the girls, he ran to the doors and burst outside, angling sharply left to where his SUV was parked.  Slipping precariously on ice that he didn’t remember being there before, he fled the hospital with his family.
Turning his head only once to find out whether or not Sierra still followed he made it to his vehicle.  He set the girls down only once to unlock the door (when had he gotten the broken side window fixed he wondered) and nearly tossed them inside everything else forgotten next to his terror.  He jumped in and quickly unlocked the other door for Sierra, whose breathing was labored with exertion and fear. He started the vehicle and as quickly as sanity would allow, threw it in gear and drove out of the parking lot.  They left the hospital behind amid a fury of security guards and a sea of alarmed faces.  
They drove in the direction of Aunt Selby’s house.  Sierra had to tell Raine how to get there.  She remarked to him once in an offhand manner that he’d been there so many times before in the past that he should know the way but he couldn’t recall.  It was the one place that she could think of that they would be safe.
And so it was that they ran from Lindfried Hospital on an unseasonably chilly April night.  They drove without looking back and without regret, Sierra and Raine slumping in relief and the twins limp with excitement and exhaustion in the backseat.
They didn’t notice the man in black.  He was the one who broke away from the crowd of confused security guards who all seemed to be running everywhere and nowhere at once.  He watched the direction that they traveled with a cold smile on his lips and the chill of the night was warm by comparison and forgotten next to the heated fog of euphoria in him.  
Vince wasn’t worried anymore.  He was ecstatic when he saw the taillights of the SUV as it disappeared over the horizon.  He knew where they were going.  He knew everything about Raine; even the things Raine still did not.  Vince had done his homework this time and so he knew about Sierra’s Aunt who lived in Colorado Springs.  Vince would bide his time.  He would wait until the moment was right to set his plan into action and would bring Raine to his knees like never before.
This would be the second and last time that Raine would escape the deadly, heated kiss of the sniper’s bullet.
Sierra stared out the window as the road flew by beneath the wheels of the SUV.  Trying to appear absorbed in the passing scenery, she thought about the last hour in which she’d been reunited with the husband that she had thought was dead.  
Weird did not begin to describe the situation in which she found herself.  Within her sphere of reference the dead did not come back to life.  This meant that he had been alive all along and separated from her and the children even if it hadn’t been his fault and quite different from his fragmented memory.
It didn’t make sense, though nothing that had happened in the last hour seemed.  She finally faced him and watched his movements for a moment.  Her curiosity nagged at her for specific details that might help fit the pieces of a puzzle together that had become something more.  It had taken on the characteristics of a rather large and complicated labyrinth.
Where had he gone that night when he had disappeared?  When the police had told her that he was dead they had assured her that the body had already been identified by dental records.  She had been grateful at the time for having been spared having to look at his dead face.  
Now in the glaring light of truth and with her late husband sitting in the driver’s seat of the car the details came back to tease her and she began to see how things she hadn’t questioned before now just didn’t add up.  
She realized that she could not answer one question; why?  Why had they kept her husband away from her the past three years?  Why had the police lied to her and taken away one of the few people for whom she would have done anything, no matter how difficult?
Bitterness suffocated her.  At least they had not taken the children from her.  She would have died for them or died without them.  She knew she could not have lost her children and still been able to live.  She didn’t want to think about trying to drag herself out of bed and keep going everyday through something like that.  She quickly thought about something else.
She concentrated on the man who sat next to her in morbid, absorbed silence instead.  She thought of the nights when she had cried herself to sleep, when she had felt empty and incomplete without her soul mate.  She remembered the aching loss and the nights were the part that had never gotten easier.  She had had to face their room and their bed alone with only her regrets to keep her company.  She remembered his smile and his laugh and she swore to herself she’d never lose another opportunity to let someone know she loved them.
As she looked into the backseat to check on the twins, hurt and anger clouded her mind and she turned her rage inward.  Now was not the time for it.  Now was the time to be happy because the children had their father back.  She still wasn’t sure how she was going to handle things and she told herself that no matter what happened between her and Raine, she would not take the kids away from him.
With that comforting knowledge she allowed herself to relax and simply enjoy the comfortable silence in the car.  Sierra turned her eyes to the road ahead and her thoughts to their arrival at her aunt’s house where the children would be safe.

In the aftermath of the electrical explosions Dr. Calloway tended the injured.  She dispensed burn cream and bandages alongside the nurses who looked grateful for her assistance and she wondered.  On the surface she worked quietly and efficiently.  Inwardly her mind was in turmoil and her body quaked as much with fear as with excitement.
What had happened with Raine defied all description as well as logic and calm reason.  Quite simply stated she hadn’t the first clue what had happened and she doubted that Raine could provide the answers that she couldn’t.  He had looked as confused and uncertain as she had felt.
The images from the MRI were an enigma to her.  The most basic requirement of the procedure was that the subject remain absolutely still or the images would be illegibly distorted.  Yet even as Raine had been in convulsions that had caused his entire body to arch off of the table as taut as a bowstring, the pictures had come out perfectly clear.  
She still had no idea what his extra glad did but she was very sure of the fact that Raine had been controlling the machine.  From what details she could glean from the flabbergasted technicians, it was not until the magnetic field had tried to image the gland that everything had begun to happen.  Furthermore, it had not stopped until the field had released on the last of the pictures of the gland.  It was then that the machine had shut down, the magnetic field had collapsed completely and the techs still weren’t able to get it back up and running.
They had kept Raine sedated afterward, wanting to spare him the pain after he had regained consciousness.  His eyes had been haunted when he had first woken and fear as well as pain had shown in the ashen undertones of his skin and the sweat that beaded his forehead.  
Contrary to what she would’ve thought was normal all things considered he’d remembered what had happened and why and he’d asked about it.  He’d been hesitant and uncertain when he’d asked about the results of the testing as if he hadn’t really wanted to know the answer but asked the question anyway.  He had understandably needed answers and had sought them.
His recovery had also been remarkably fast.  When she would have expected him to lie around for another twenty-four hours, he had been up and restless after less than twelve.  The speed that his body healed had been both incredible and shocking.  
The nurse who had originally called her to report that her patient was up and rather fidgety had been just as surprised.  She had given a report of robust health for Dr. Calloway and had mentioned that she would have expected for him to have to be sedated again.
Lynn was confused.  She didn’t like not having the answers and she had always been able to explain everything.  Before today, she would have scoffed at faith.  Now she would be forced to reevaluate her own beliefs and that was going to make her a little angry.  She’d paid a lot of money for that logical medical training and now she was questioning everything.  It did seem a little bit like a horrible waste of money and a real pain in the neck but regardless of how little appeal it held, she had to figure out something or she’d go insane with her questions.
Then she remembered the one person who might be able to better explain what was actually happening.  Leaving the patient she was currently tending in the care of one of the nurses, she walked quickly to a phone where she dialed a number that she had memorized long ago.
The line was answered on the second ring and Dr. Calloway said pleasantly, “Hello Annie, how are you?”
The voice from the other end of the line took a moment to respond and when she spoke, Dr. Calloway had to suppress a feeling of alarm at the sound of her voice. "I've been better." She spoke with difficulty and her tone was muffled, slightly nasal and raw as if she’d been crying.
Lynn stopped for a moment, concerned by the attitude infused into the answer from the other woman.  She asked, “What’s going on?  Is everything okay?”
The reply was quick, blunt and angry, “No.”
“Is there anything I can do?” Lynn asked, stung by Annie’s tone.
“Not unless you can turn back time,” Was the rude reply.
Shrugging off the other woman’s attitude and trying to remain pleasant Lynn asked, “May I speak with Cliff, please?”
If ever there had been a wrong question to ask, that was it judging by the sharp intake of breath that she heard.  When the line remained eerily silent she ventured to ask in an uncertain tone, “Hello?”
“Didn’t you know?  Has no one told you?” The questions were outraged.  Lynn studiously ignored the urge to tell Annie off.  She wasn’t certain what she had said to upset the woman so.
“Told me what?” She asked.
“He was killed, shot to death.  We bury him in two days,” Clifford’s wife told her and Lynn found she was struck dumb by the announcement.
“What?  Who could have done that?” She asked, everything else forgotten.
“They don’t know.  No one does.  I was at a friend’s house for a visit and someone came in.  They think he caught an intruder and the guy shot him to keep him quiet.  Whoever it was, they were brutal about it.  Beat him up first.” Annie told her quietly.
“I’m sorry,” Lynn told her but the words seemed grossly inadequate.  Next to what the woman must have felt when she had come home that night to find her husband of over thirty years having fallen victim of a gunshot wound, they seemed downright inane.
“Listen I don’t really want to talk about this so if you wouldn’t mind I’m going to let you go okay?” Annie’s voice sounded weary and tearful and Lynn understood.
“Of course, you take care of yourself, okay?  Don’t do anything crazy and get lots of rest.” Lynn told her.
“Yeah, I’ll be all right someday.” Annie told her and a heavy sigh came over the line.
They said goodbye and Lynn hung up the line.  She was aware that with the death of Dr. Maxwell whose loss she felt very keenly as her friend also forever silenced the secrets that he knew.  Those questions would never be answered and she had no reason to believe that it was a simple intruder but she didn’t see the point in hurting the recently widowed woman further.
She forced the upsetting thoughts aside knowing that she would have to wait until later to allow her grief to take hold.  It would have to wait until it was more convenient because the people she was treating needed her to be calm and collected.  She was a doctor after all and had taken an oath to help the ill and injured and there were plenty right now.
She turned in the direction of those patients and wondered about the myriad reactions of the people who had been there to witness the explosions.  The few voices that she heard from the people surrounding her were loud with shock, voices that grated shrilly on the nerves.  Most of those who chose to speak were convinced that it was the end of the world.  It was a little silly but it was real to them.
The nurses who spoke to the people tried without success to quiet them.  She could see the annoyed looks on their faces as if they were close to strangling the ones who refused to be calmed and in turn would upset the ones who had been reasonably calm from the beginning.  The nurses tried to stop more widespread panic but the preachers of the crowd made their job difficult, refusing to be silenced by the nurses’ cool rebuttals.
Dr. Calloway sighed, resigned to having to deal with this when all she wanted was to seek the dark comfort of her den at home.  She wanted to brew a cup of tea and kick off her shoes, prop her feet up on her desk and stretch her tired muscles.  She wanted to wrap herself in a blanket and a good book.  She wanted to while away the hours in pleasant silence until she had to go open up her office for the day again.  Tomorrow was going to be a long day.
That was when she noticed him.  The man was dressed in black from head to toe and positively exuded the confidence of power and privilege.  His eyes belied the friendliness of the tone with which he talked with the nurses.  They were cold, passionless eyes without emotion or even a hint of his intent.  His mouth accentuated this look, slanting cruelly in malicious satisfaction as he took in the details of all that had happened around them.
The nurses shied away from him and she didn’t wonder why.  Struggling with an instinct that screamed at her to get out as quickly as possible, she wanted to avoid him, too.  His evil radiated from him like an aura and his rage was almost palpable.  His presence magnified the confusion around him as if he’d stepped off the elevator onto this floor and brought disorder with him in the bargain.  Her intuition warned that she should not become the center of his attention because she might end up dead.
He was talking to one of the nurses, gesturing in the direction of the elevator and saying something to her but she shook her head in the negative.  The answer she gave him evidently hadn’t satisfied him because he looked at her with contempt and moved his jacket gently to the side but why that was, Dr. Calloway didn’t know.  The young nurse he was talking to looked down at what he pointed out and paled but still shook her head.
The man growled low in his throat and turned, searching the room for someone who could provide the answers he sought.  The weak light from the backup lamps illuminated the sidearm he carried. She heard her own gasp as if it came from someone else and quickly averted her eyes.  Her heart pounded so loudly that she was afraid that even as far away as he was, he heard it.
His eyes swept the hall taking in the occupants and victims in a single glance.  His eyes came to rest of her then and she found herself quietly cursing the white lab coat.  He knew she was a doctor.  He began to walk her direction, stepping cautiously around the shattered glass that littered the floor and the groups of people the nurses were tending at various areas in the middle of the hall.
She fought panic, knowing intuitively that it could cost her dearly.  She continued to slather burn cream on the arm of a young man whose distant, glassy eyes suggested shock as she watched the other man walk purposefully toward her from the corner of her eye.  Instinct told her to run, to turn away and not look back but she stayed where she was, unwilling to give by so much as an inch.  She stood her ground, stepping neither toward nor away from him so that he wouldn’t know how afraid she was.
"Excuse me, Doctor Calloway?" The man’s voice sounded pleasantly curious yet undeniably threatening.
She schooled her features to seem politely curious and glanced at him with what she hoped was a blank, disinterested look, “No, I’m sorry, she went home for the night.  Is there anything I can do to help you?”
“Do you know where she lives?  It’s important I reach her as soon as possible.” He answered, his voice telling only mild frustration.
I’ll bet it is, she thought with an inward grimace, “No I don’t but if you’ll leave your name and number I can certainly let her know you dropped by.” Lynn answered in a pleasant tone.
“No that’s okay, just needed to talk to her,” The man said, his voice as distant as she tried to make hers.
“Has something happened, sir?” She asked, barely daring to breathe for fear she’d give herself away.
“Kind of, but it’s really nothing to worry about,” The man replied off-handedly.
“Could I at least know your name so that I can tell her you came looking for her when I see her again?” She asked.  It took an almost physical effort to keep her hands from shaking in fear; the man was looking for her.
“Yeah, could you let her know that Vince Avery stopped by?  We’re old friends, she and I, and we had talked before about getting together for lunch and a chat.” He told her smiling a distant smile that Lynn mimicked.
“I’ll be sure to tell her you came if I see her in the next few days.  All of us are so busy all the time, we almost don’t know if we’re coming or going.” Then she laughed softly, an artificial, business kind of laugh at her own quip and he did too, chuckling softly though the sparkle of genuine gaiety never reached his eyes.
“If you’ll excuse me, I have work to do,” She told him after a short pause dismissing him with carefully affected nonchalance.
“Of course, by all means,” He answered.  Then he turned away and Lynn slumped slightly, relieved that no one had interfered and she had not let on that she was the one he was searching for.
A nurse who was standing in the corner had overheard the conversation and frowned slightly.  She opened her mouth to speak but Lynn caught the nurses’ eye and held her gaze shaking her head slightly in warning.  After a single shared glance, the nurse confused and Lynn silently adamant, the other woman obeyed.
Lynn turned her shaken gaze to the man’s retreating back and watched as he nodded to a companion she hadn’t noticed was there, walked to the elevators and left, not bothering to look back.  Her relief was profound as they disappeared into the elevators and the doors shut behind them, the lights for the floor on the panel above shining as each was reached.
A nurse approached Lynn and asked her in a breathless voice, curious and frightened at the same time, “Who was that?”
“I don’t know,” Lynn replied, her tone deliberately vague.  Her mind was in turmoil as she wondered about Vince, Raine’s disappearance and the phenomenal explosions that were not within her ability to explain.  She worried about the dead Dr. Clifford and Raine’s hallucinations that weren’t hallucinations.  Something was happening but she didn’t know what.  Something had been set into motion that couldn’t be stopped and Lynn had inadvertently cast herself right into the thick of it.
“What did he want?” The woman asked stubbornly, curious and afraid of what had just happened.
“He wanted to talk to me,” Lynn told her hoping the nurse would drop the subject so that they could finish their work.
“What did you tell him?” The nurse asked her, inexcusably and rudely persistent.
Lynn decided she’d had enough.  She answered the woman shortly, “Not that it’s any of your business but I told him that I had gone home for the day.  There was something weird about him and I didn’t like it.”  Then she turned away in rude dismissal.
Lynn decided in that moment that she was going to take some time off and close up office for the day, reschedule her appointments and make a trip to Blaine.  She deserved the break; she hadn’t really taken a vacation in over ten years.  She’d go to Cliff’s funeral and then visit Raine.  Maybe with his help they could both come closer to solving the mystery she had gotten involved in and found she was unable to let it go until she had her answers.
Looking around once she saw that all the victims had been treated and she told one of the nurses that she was going home to get some rest.  She left quietly and quickly, not wanting to stop and chat a moment with anyone because it happened every time.  She always got stopped for one reason or another.  
She elected to make a strategic retreat from the hospital by taking service corridors and back hallways that she knew well and avoiding the outward bustle of the main entrance.  She walked quickly, her mind consumed with questions and her heart with fear.

Vince walked away from the hospital intending to get a phone book and find on his own where the doctor lived.  At the very least he knew that she was home now.  More than likely she was in bed dreaming sweet dreams of the day that she would face in very few hours.  He smiled coldly at the thought that he could find out what she knew about Raine and then kill her.  
A lone woman never presented much threat.  There was the occasional she-cat who would fight and usually knew what she was doing but most cowered in the corner, willing to let him have his way and be done with the whole mess and he really didn’t expect Dr. Calloway to be any different.  She was after all a doctor and in the business of healing, not boxing.
He found his car and left the parking lot, driving in the direction of a gas station and a phone book, determined to find and silence the lady doctor by any means necessary.
Lynn arrived at home just as the sun crested the eastern horizon.  Pulling into the driveway she cut the engine on her car.  It was a sporty little royal blue six-speed she had gotten simply because the idea of driving such a sweet ride had its own appeal.  She took pride in it and kept it well maintained.  She loved the feel of the wind in her hair when she had the top down and took it on the freeway.  Besides, it helped to clear her mind sometimes when she couldn’t escape her worries.
Putting the car in gear and engaging the parking brake, she opened the door and got out.  Her gaze rested for a moment on her home.  Ivy grew along the front and she liked the wild, quaint look.  White shutters decorated the windows and a white picket fence lined the front yard of the property and a white trellis marked the entrance to the sidewalk outside.  In the summer red roses twined in through the slats.  In the winter the house had a cozy look.
She shook her head in bemused wonder.  She had all the things that a self-cultivated life of luxury could offer.  She had amassed a respectable fortune through frugality and diligent saving and had been able to buy a beautiful home and a really cool car and she poured all of her efforts into taking very good care of them.  Her home was beautiful and her car got envious looks each time she decided to show it off.
Out of all this there had always been one thing missing; a family to call her own.  She had never married, shoving the idea of romance aside with the demands of a career in medicine.  When she had finally established a thriving practice and was living comfortably she hadn’t been able to find the one man she had felt was meant for her.  
In her younger years she had always had dates and had even considered herself passably pretty but there had never been a man who had been able to capture and hold her interest for any length of time and so she’d waited.  But the months had stretched into years quickly and she had suddenly found herself middle aged, childless and alone.  She had regretted it for a while but she waited for the kind of love a person would be willing to die for and she couldn’t settle for any less.  She had admitted to herself years ago that she was incurably romantic and that idea of deep and abiding love had stayed with her for her entire life.  She just couldn’t let it go.
Finally the chill wind and blowing snow forced her mind back to the present.  Pulling herself from her pitying reverie, she walked up to the back door and unlocked it.  
Opening the door, she let herself in to the warm interior of the kitchen, the largest room in the house.  The walls were painted sunny yellow, the floor laid with sky blue tiles.  In the center of the room stood a large, well equipped island with black marble countertops and oak cabinets.
Directly off the kitchen on the right was the hallway that led to her room that was the direction she walked, partially to pack for a short journey that had become a necessity.  She was stricken by a sense of urgency like time was running out much too quickly and the needs of the present were of utmost importance.
On one of the bedside tables in her room was an old-fashioned rotary style phone.  Picking it up she dialed the number of her office, listening to the ringing on the other side of the line with her jaw clenched and her hands playing impatiently with the phone cord.  When it was answered by Wendy, whose voice was cheerful and pert even at the early hour sounded relieved and mildly anxious that Lynn had called.
“You were supposed to be here to help open up twenty minutes ago,” She complained. “I’ve been doing this all by myself.”
“There’s no time for that now, Wendy.  Listen to me carefully.  You’ve got to cancel all my appointments for the next three days.  Reschedule them for the week after next and take a few days off yourself, I’ll pay you for it.” She added to keep the lively young woman from arguing with her and taking the low muttering on the other side of the line as an invitation to continue, she added, “Get in touch with Dr. Lee Meyer, and tell him that I need him to take all my emergency calls for the time that I’m gone.  Tell him that I’ve had some urgent business come up and that I need to go out of town for a few days, he owes me and he’ll do it.  Then give him my cell phone number and tell him to call me if he has any questions or if it’s an absolute emergency.  Got all that?”
“Got it.  Is everything okay?” Wendy asked her, a note of concern in her voice.  Then before Lynn could answer her she said softly, “There was a guy here earlier.  He was waiting outside the door of the office when I came in.  He asked about you, seemed kind of a nervous type, if you ask me.”
Lynn felt her stomach tying into knots and she made an effort to make her voice sound curious as she asked, “Did he say what he wanted?”
“No,” She replied, “I asked but he wouldn’t tell me, not even his name.  Just said he was an old friend of yours and that the two of you had made tentative plans to get together and have lunch and a chat.”
Lynn felt the bottom drop out of her stomach.  The suffocating feeling doubled and Lynn found that she suddenly had to force words past her throat because it was closing with panic.  Carefully drawing a breath she asked Wendy softly, trying to keep the fear from her voice, “What did he look like?”
“He was young, too young to be an old friend of yours was my first guess.  He was also very good looking with blonde hair and black eyes, well dressed.  That sort of thing.  Do you know him?” Wendy asked curiously with a note of interest.  She had never seen Lynn with any man other than doctors.  Wendy’s tastes when she approached thirty quickly still ran toward young men about twenty two or twenty three.
Lynn’s mind catapulted back to the hallway in the hospital that she had just left.  There was a young man with blonde hair and black eyes that had followed behind the one who called himself Vince Avery.  Hoping that she was wrong, that such a striking color combination could be found on one other person in the Denver area she spoke into the expectant silence. “I don’t think so, no.” Lynn replied.  The corner of her mouth lifted slightly and a note of laughter found its way over the phone line to where the receptionist sat absorbed in thoughts of the handsome young man.
“You don’t need to laugh, honey,” Came the haughty response. “You’ve been cooped up with your medicine for too long and it’s time you got out into the open to find a man.  He might be just the ticket, a secret admirer or something.  Besides, everyone could do with some young blood from time to time, love.  They’re always ready when you are.” A sly note had crept into Wendy’s voice.
The knot of tension in Lynn chest loosened somewhat then and she asked on a suffocated laugh, “Yeah, but are they ready for the whole time that you are?”
“Doesn’t matter,” The other woman said primly, “They’re ready again soon.” And Lynn laughed harder.  Then Wendy chuckled and said, “Okay Lynn, point taken, you won’t date him.  Mind if I do?  Just in case he comes back.” She added hastily just in case Lynn got the wrong idea and thought that Wendy would go chasing him down.
The knot tightened again and Lynn felt momentary panic. “Wendy, I can’t control what you do or who you see but be careful okay?” She implored and then cursed herself for the note of desperation that she heard in her voice.  She didn’t want to worry her receptionist, just warn her. “I’ve got to go,” She added, eager to escape. “You’ll remember everything I’ve told you?” She added, becoming businesslike once more.
“I’ve got it all written down, love.  You go enjoy your days off, you’ve earned it.” Wendy told her after a moment of hesitation, her voice becoming sure and confident when she once more stepped into the familiar role of receptionist. “Take care of yourself, okay honey?”
“I will, Wendy.  You take care too, doll.” Lynn replied more for curiosity than politesse as she got ready to hang up the phone.
“Lynn?” Wendy asked softly before a moment had passed.
“Yeah, Wendy?”
“You’re sure everything’s okay?” Wendy asked again, her voice gentle and understanding.
“It will be, if it’s not now,” Lynn told her and then she said goodbye and hung up.  Relief flowed through her when she was done.  Now that she was taking a vacation, if she hadn’t previously had anything planned for the time she would’ve been afraid that she would feel at loose ends, unsure which direction to turn next.
But she did already have plans and walked quickly to the closet to grab her overnight bag.  Unceremoniously dumping into it toiletries and a few changes of clothes in it, she packed for the short trip that she would take with amazing expediency.
She grabbed the cell phone that she kept for emergencies and dropped it into her purse.  She would probably keep it mostly turned off but she’d found that even as distasteful as she thought it was she felt she would probably need it when she got where she was going.
The distant slamming of a car door brought with it a heart pounding fear she couldn’t explain.  Shaking her head ponderously, convinced that she was overreacting in her state of mild paranoia, she still walked to the window and gazed out at the street from behind the drapes.  What she saw made her gasp and her entire body shake with a feeling of onrushing peril.
The man who had called himself Vince was making his way toward her front door, his car parked in the street outside.  How did he know where she lived?  How had he found her?  Her eyes traveled the room in a state of panic and stopped on the phone book sitting under the telephone.  That was how he’d found her.  Her phone number and address were listed in the residential and the business section.  Granted, she’d used her first initial in the residential part for her privacy but it would’ve been a simple process of elimination depending on how many “L. Calloway’s” there were.
Closing the small gap in the curtain she turned and looked around the room searching desperately for an avenue of escape.  The only way she would be able to leave would be by the backdoor.  Thankfully the man had not blocked her route out of the driveway and she would be able to drive off without any obstacles.
Grabbing her purse and overnight bag, her hands shaking in panic, she left the bedroom to the accompanying sounds of persistent banging on the front door.  She made her way back into the kitchen as the man tried the doorknob and seeing that it was locked, decided to enter the house with more direct means by simply taking out his sidearm and blasting away the lock from the outside.
Swallowing the scream that rose in her throat, she firmly repressed the urge to go and give the man a stern talking to about respecting other people’s property.  She crept into the kitchen amid the slamming of the front door against the wall and searched the room for a place to hide.  She hurried to the island and crouched down so that he would not see her when he passed the kitchen on his way to the bedroom and living room from the front hall.  
Fighting to control her fear she waited, hardly daring to breathe as first she heard his footsteps on the floor outside the kitchen.  He paused for a moment and she was sure that he would hear the rapid tempo of her heart.  For one tense, endless moment he didn’t move.  For a minute that seemed unbearably suspended into infinity she didn’t dare make a sound or even move though the muscles in her legs cramped in protest with the awkward position in which she was crouched.
Hiding behind the island, frightened and vulnerable next to the argumentative black steel of his gun, Lynn waited.  Finally, he moved on after what seemed like an eternity to her but which was in reality only bare minutes.  She listened to his footsteps as they echoed down the hall into the living room and she jumped up, heedless of any noise that she might make now that she was so close to freedom.
Running toward the backdoor she wrenched it open and sucked in her breath when she realized she had forgotten her coat.  No time to get to it, she’d have to leave it behind as the noise had alerted her deadly intruder and his footsteps came pounding through the hall once again.  There was no time to worry about anything now except escape.  Gathering her courage, she plunged into the freezing weather and ran as fast as her shaking legs would carry her and her feet could gain purchase on the icy ground to her car.  
Lynn used the remote on her key chain to unlock the doors as she ran so that she wouldn’t have to fumble with the key and waste precious seconds trying to get into the vehicle.  When she reached her car with a speed born of terror she opened the door and all but jumped into the driver’s seat, throwing her bag and purse into the seat beside her.
Fumbling awkwardly with the ignition with inept hands, her breath coming in ragged, frantic gasps of plumed steam from her mouth she finally managed to insert the key.  Hitting the clutch and brake and disengaging the parking brake at the same time, her hand flew to the ignition and the engine roared to life just as the man rounded the outside corner of the house from the back door.
He had not had his gun drawn because he had obviously not planned that far and she exhaled a sigh of relief however short-lived.  She threw the car in gear and backed out of the driveway as quickly as she could to keep the car from going into a slide.
Angling the car in the direction of the hospital, the opposite direction that she wanted to go to throw off pursuit she threw the car into gear, dumped the clutch and took off with a torturous squeal of tires on cold cement.
Raine and Sierra felt as awkward around each other as if they had never married and started a family and they sat in tense silence through most of the trip to her aunt’s house.  Sierra was still not sure that she could trust him and Raine was adamantly unwilling to push the issue and risk losing valuable ground.
They listened to the radio instead.  He discovered all over again that they had similar tastes in music and so he wasn’t bothered by the station she picked.  She expected a battle with him over the channel because he had always teased her mercilessly about wanting to listen to a different radio station.  Usually by the time he’d gotten done with his fun she was ready to scream in frustration and simply let him have his way.  It was always then that he would be ornery, turning the radio dial so that they heard the sounds of the station that she’d originally wanted to listen to.  Then he would look at her and smile a beguiling smile and Sierra as always would feel her anger evaporate along with the urge to tear out her hair…Or his…Or both.
The memory made her smile.  He looked over at her as he drove and saw it.  Because he was afraid she’d get mad at him again, he asked her softly “What are you thinking about?”
The question surprised her as much as the honesty in his eyes and voice.  He had never had to ask her that because could always tell what she thought about.  She had never tried to keep secrets from him partially due to the fact that he was her husband and therefore entitled to know everything about her and partially because he could simply look at her and concentrate to know her innermost thoughts.  It had its advantages from time to time but sometimes, it was just a pain in the neck.  She looked at him and her lips parted slightly in shock.  
He noticed the look as well as the silence and he grimaced in annoyance.  Taking a deep breath, he exhaled it slowly and asked her with worry in his tone, “Did I say something wrong?”
“You don’t know?” She asked.
“Know what?” He asked her and she knew his confusion was real.
“You have no idea,” She said softly, more to herself than to him.
“Have no idea of what, what is it I’m supposed to know?” He asked again.
“Pull over, there’s something I need to show you.” She said gently.
He didn’t argue with her but seemed to understand to just do as he was told.  She thought for a moment with an inward laugh that he was adjusting to marriage rather well but she didn’t tell him that.  He pulled over to the gravel shoulder of the highway, putting the SUV in park and cutting the engine.  Then he looked her way and waited in expectant silence.
“I’m going to show you something.  You have to promise to be calm though and trust me,” She ordered quietly, waiting to see his reaction.
He didn’t even bat an eye.  Though they had been married he had shown her in small telltale ways like the asking of her name and the introduction to the twins that he didn’t even really know who she was.  Yet when she asked him for his trust, he just gave it over.  Either he was entirely too placid or he had a reason for what he did.
She looked at him squarely, completely serious and what she requested of him made him surprised at its sheer simplicity.  Very matter-of-factly, she told him, “Concentrate on me.  Focus on my eyes and nothing else.”
He might’ve chosen to trust her but he was still skeptical and his eyebrow rose slightly.  She matched his look.  Staring at him she chose to let him find his own path to the truth and while she was there and knew how to guide him, she kept her silence.
Raine stared at her and waited for her to tell him something more.  No such luck.  He came within a hair’s breadth of giving in and asking her to elaborate, not sure which direction to go next.  Quite suddenly, all but her face faded into blackness around his field of vision and it became difficult to breathe.  It was as if the air had thickened around him to the consistency of water and he almost didn’t have the strength to draw it into his lungs.  He almost gave into panic then and he knew that he would have had it not been for the voice that began to speak to him, not in his ears but inside his head.
The voice was hers; he knew the melodic quality.  Her lips didn’t move but she spoke to him.  Directly into his mind a voice whispered, “Trust me, Raine…”
The inner voice had the calming influence she’d hoped for.  The fear that had flashed across his face disappeared.  She knew what happened.  She had the experience and knowledge that he didn’t and was prepared for what happened next.  She saw his pupils dilate as his concentration and focus centered completely on her and she concentrated then on the memories she had been thinking about, heard his sharp intake of breath and she knew that she’d accomplished her goal.  She’d reached out to him with her thoughts and made him understand.
Raine wasn’t sure what to think.  One moment he was sitting in the driver’s seat of his SUV in the middle of a bitterly cold Colorado winter and the next he was seeing an image of himself from her point of view.  She had been sitting in the passenger seat of a different car than any he had remembered ever driving or even owning for that matter.  The upholstery was a grayish-tan kind of color and the dashboard controls were different.
The light beyond the windshield was different, too.  Instead of the husky gray light of an early winter morning he saw the deep, warm reddish orange of late summer afternoon.
The windows of the car were rolled down and the air was balmy, heavily scented with flowers and fresh-cut grass.  The heat was weighted and the grayish haze of humidity hung in the air, adding to the cloying fragrance of the blossoms that grew everywhere he looked.
People were out and about, scantily clad and running here and there enjoying the weather in the cool of the evening.  Occasionally cars full of shouting, laughing teenagers breezed past them, music blaring loudly but for the most part the speed most folks drove was nominal and traffic moved steadily forward.
The sounds of music drifted vaguely from the radio and he realized that he couldn’t quite make out the song because she wasn’t thinking about it.  She was concentrating on what happened between the two of them.  
He saw her hand reach out as if it were his to touch the radio dial, tuning it to a different channel.  He saw the wicked, teasing sparkle in his eyes and felt her resignation.  She had known that look and had seemed to be offering up a prayer for patience that he understood.  In the memory that she cast his way he chuckled softly, knowing just how to press her buttons and annoy her.
He saw his own hand reach out to turn the dial back to where it had been and then he saw himself smiling at her and felt the grimace that crossed her features.  The look made his other self throw back his head and laugh outright and made her grind her teeth in frustration.
A giddy feeling overtook him and the urge to laugh crashed over him in waves.  The gaiety that he felt was not the product of her memory seen through her eyes.  Instead it was the feeling that his image in the memory teased her and he found it extremely funny without really knowing why.  Evidently he had been an ornery sort when they had been together and had given her reason to want to bop him one and he felt hilarity bubble within him.
With the corners of his mouth twitching he continued to watch the by-play between the two of them.  She reached out again and turned the dial on the radio back to where it had been. When she moved to take her hand away, she watched him reach out to tune the radio again to a station that neither of them really liked.
This went on for a few more minutes until she threw up her hands in dismay and left the radio alone.  With a comical grin he watched himself reach out and turn the dial on the radio again back to where she had tuned it in the first place.
She had glared at him with anger and he had gazed back at her with an impish grin that diffused her ire and made her smile back.  He saw with her eyes as she rolled them heavenward and groaned softly which made his other self chuckle and intertwine his fingers with hers, lifting her hand to his lips and placing a kiss on the back.
The memory made him smile.  Then abruptly the memory faded and the tunnel vision evaporated and he was in his SUV again.  She was sitting across from him in the passenger seat and smiling a wayward smile that tugged at his heart.
“What was that?” He asked her, awestruck.
“Don’t you see, Raine?  That was you teasing me like you always did.” She answered him.
“How did I see it, though?  How is that possible?” He asked softly, more to himself than to her.
“You concentrated on me and you saw into my mind, my love,” She answered anyway.
He heard her words, understood them and even stopped in the act of restarting the vehicle, his mind preoccupied with what he had seen as clearly as if the memories were his.  What he heard the most clearly though was the name she called him.  My love.  She’d called him her love.  It did funny things to his insides.  Especially now when he felt lost in her silvery eyes it gave him a pleasant, floating feeling.  He felt no fear at that moment.  He felt peace now seeing her sitting there.
Before when he had watched the funnel in the bathroom at home and the radio’s phantom operation he had felt utterly consumed by deep panic and the need for escape.  He had not allowed himself to be drawn in then, carried away on something he didn’t understand.  He had fought the tide, struggling with all his might.  It was an effort that had been completely fruitless.
Her statement, the pet name she’d called him and her words drew his attention.  His hand reached up and he laid his palm against her cheek.
She didn’t flinch or pull away from his touch.  She gazed directly at him, her eyes intense.  She gave him the impression that she was possessed of the unusual talents instead of him.
If he’d had any doubts about the validity of her claim, they evaporated the second that his skin touched hers.  She was real and she sat next to him and he just knew that she was his wife.
His hand traveled gently, reverently down her face and his thumb traced her lower lip, feeling it quiver softly.  Her lips parted slightly, her pupils dilated and her cheeks colored softly, she still wanted him.
Tension hung in the air around them, thick and sweet.  Neither could break the link with their eyes.  She leaned forward slightly in an unconscious act and her body invited.
His heart skipped a beat and then began to pound.  She was so close to him.  He could give in to the demands of his body, unbuckle her seatbelt and pull her into his arms.  
He’d been trying not to let his mind run wild from the moment he’d seen her in the hospital.  He’d had to exert his self-control when she had looked at him after the fireworks show, pulled tightly against his body.  He’d been attracted to her then as he was now.  The only difference was that now the feeling was becoming more intense and harder than ever to tamp down.
Her eyes were heavy lidded with a slumberous, seductive look and he stopped breathing.  His control slipped precariously and he reached out to unbuckle her seat belt and pull her close.
The soft sigh of one of the twins came from the backseat and the spell was broken.  Quickly clearing his throat and jerking his gaze from hers he started the SUV and put it in gear, checking behind him and pulling onto the road.  
Awkward silence descended between the two of them during the last few miles of the journey, broken only by her giving him directions to Selby’s house and they arrived just a few minutes after those moments by the roadside.  A connection had been made in that time of quiet rapport, they both knew it and neither of them knew how to forget about it.
Fortune smiled on Dr. Lynn Calloway that morning.  It was a blessing in disguise that she had forgotten the one thing at the hospital that she would need.  She needed Raine’s address, which she had on his medical charts at the office.  She’d only been there once and once wasn’t enough to remember exactly where it was his house was located.  This necessitated a trip back to the hospital to get it.
She had successfully shaken off any pursuit from the mysterious stranger called Vince.  She had checked her mirrors several times during the trip, taking several by-ways and quiet back streets to make sure she wasn’t being followed.  The black sedan that had pulled up in front of her house did not follow her.  He had lost either interest or her trail amid the twisted, roundabout route she had taken.
She pulled into the back parking lot at the hospital, one that only employees used and which led directly to trauma for easy access.  Trying to appear inconspicuous when she walked into the emergency room, she tried to avoid attracting attention.  She walked along quiet back hallways and service corridors, trying to stay to the cover of the shadows even though it made her feel ridiculous and took the employee elevator to the third floor.  
She repeatedly checked over her shoulder as she walked.  She knew she was safe in the hospital but she was fearful that the alarming intruder she’d had this morning was smarter than she thought.  Though he gave the impression of a big dumb ox she knew that that wasn’t always the case.  He might have decided to check which direction she took and head her off then and he didn’t strike her as the type to care about who saw what and why.
She now found herself trying to outwit him without knowing anything about him and that made her extremely uncomfortable.  One thing that she was very sure of was that he knew who she was.  He had seen her face when she fled her home and he had recognized her and he would not be fooled again which explained her agitation and the way she jumped and whirled around to look behind her every time she thought she heard footfalls.  She would invariably turn and discover that the hallway was completely deserted.  Not that that really surprised her.  It was exactly as it should be.
As she arrived at the door to her office suite, she unlocked the door and let herself in.  She let the door close behind her with a soft click, turned to lock it for safety’s sake and then disabled the alarm system on the wall a few feet away.  She didn’t want a small crowd of security guards or police rushing to the scene of what they would think was a robbery.  That would only attract attention and she wanted to avoid that at all costs.
She walked into Wendy’s area and turned on the small reading lamp on the desk.  Turning to the file cabinets, opening up the one marked “D” for Donnelly she skimmed the names written on the tabs for his file.  It wasn’t there.  This made her frown worriedly because she knew very well that Wendy was of a picky nature where filing was concerned.  As a matter of fact the receptionist often stayed later in the evening to file everyone’s chart exactly where it should be so this was not normal and Lynn knew something was wrong.
Turning to her left then and starting with “A,” she systematically began to search for Raine’s file.  Her frown increased when a careful and tedious search showed that the chart just wasn’t there.
Her eyes swept the room, looking for any clue that might show what Wendy had done with the file.  Perhaps the receptionist had not gotten some last minute details taken care of on it, and so taken it home with her to finish.  As soon as the thought crossed Lynn’s mind however, it was dismissed.  Wendy never took her work home; she always stayed late to get it done at the office.
It was at that moment that Lynn noticed the file on the desk.  It was mostly shoved up under a small nook in the desk and it would have been easy to overlook if she hadn’t been searching for it.  
She pulled the folder into the light and looked at the name on the tab, hoping against hope that she was wrong.  She wasn’t.  The name R. Donnelly was printed on it and the instinct that had screamed at her before when she had met Vince doubled in volume in the back of her mind.  She knew what she was seeing and it scared her and pissed her off.
He had come into her office uninvited…
How had they gotten past the security system though?  It was state-of-the-art, and he had gotten past it without even tripping the fail safe that was supposed to go off if it was tampered with.
	Well that wasn’t good at all.  Vince was deadly, he was searching frantically for Raine and he was armed.  Not a good combination because it would make him twitchy and trigger happy.  She got that feeling in her gut again that time was running out and even though she was getting kind of used to it, she still didn’t like it.  She had to get to Raine and it had to be as soon as possible.
With a sense of dread she pulled a pad of paper from the pile in the corner of the desk that Wendy kept to make notes.  She jotted down the address that had been printed on the paperwork that Raine had filled out.  Then taking the pad and sticking it in her purse she picked up and returned the file to its rightful place so it wouldn’t alarm her fastidious receptionist, thankful that Wendy wasn’t the one who had found it in the first place.
She turned the lamp off and left the office, enabling the security system before she unlocked the door and quietly left.  Checking over her shoulder to see if anyone waited outside the office she closed the door and locked it, turning to travel down the hall toward the elevators that would take her to safety.
As she walked down the hall lost in thought, she bumped into a young man who watched her stumble and reached out quickly to steady her.  She aimed a thank-you in his general direction along with an apology and was about to continue on her way when he said softly, “Aren’t you Dr. Calloway?”
She looked at the young man, also a doctor judging by the white lab coat that he wore.  He had friendly, dark brown eyes and a thick shock of hair to match.  She searched her memory for his name, vaguely remembering them having met sometime in the recent past.
“Yes, I am,” She told him, her voice polite but not encouraging, “I’m sorry, I know we’ve met before, but I don’t remember your name?”
“Tim,” He provided helpfully and then added, “Dr. Timothy Hanlen, pleased to meet you again.” He offered his hand for her to shake, his grip warm and firm.
A memory paraded across her mind, a memory of a Christmas party at a colleague’s home the year before.  He had been there, had been recently licensed to practice as she recalled.  She had smiled then at his youth and idealism, convinced that he could heal the world one patient at a time.  
She hoped sincerely that he still had that confidence because it was the only way that a doctor was able to stay sane.  Dreams of trauma and pain and of blood-curdling screams often woke doctors in the night.  She knew as well as anyone else that tending to the critically ill required a strong gut and nerves of steel.
Smiling pleasantly she asked him, “How are you doing?”
“Had a couple of patients disappear on me last night, left without taking their things with them.  I thought it was odd at the time, I still do.” He said, preoccupied.
“Really?” She asked softly and even though she pretended to be interested, she really didn’t care.
“Yeah, Renee and Elizabeth Donnelly, identical twins.  Cutest little things you ever saw; black hair, very blue eyes,” He said with a puzzled frown.
“Where were their parents?” She asked him, trying to appear calm at the mention of the twins’ last name.  Her heart beat faster and she tried not to get excited.  The name couldn’t be coincidence, could it?
“Only their mother was with them, she’s gone too.  From what I found out getting their medical history their father is dead.  Drowned a few years back,” He answered her.
“Do you know where they were headed?” She asked him.
“They were headed for a vacation in Colorado Springs if I remember right.  They were going to visit an aunt, Selby was the name as I recall,” He told her softly.
“And they didn’t have a number that you can call, not even an emergency listing?” She asked him watching him shake his head.
“Not really, the only number on the files was long-distance and they won’t be there anyway so what’s the use?” He answered her.
“I’m sorry to hear that.  I was hoping I might be of some help tracking them down but I guess that’s not really an issue now is it?” She said, making an effort to appear friendly and sympathetic when what she really wanted to do was shout for joy.  She had a lead now, from a most unlikely source granted but a lead nonetheless.
“It’ll be okay.  I guess their mom thought they were fine and decided to leave a little early,” He shrugged, nonchalant about the whole issue.
She pretended to check her watch then in a bid to escape.  Her eyes widened in counterfeit dismay and she told him on a breathless, hurried note, “I’ve got to go, I have an appointment I can’t miss and I’m running late already.  I’ll talk with you later, alright?”
“Sure,” He replied, “See you around.”
“Chin up, it’ll be alright, you’ll see,” Lynn told him softly and saw his answering smile.
“Yeah, you’re right, thanks Lynn.  I can call you Lynn, right?” He asked.
“Only if I can call you Tim,” She replied and watched his eyes smile.
“Anytime, my dear,” He grinned, “Anytime.”
She sidestepped then, watching his retreating back for a moment as he walked around her and made his way down the hall.  Then she turned and hurried away her stride quickened by a sense of unrealistic urgency.  Taking back passageways again and feeling rather ludicrous about it, she left the building in which she worked as if she were the thief who took refuge in the shadows.
She all but ran to her car.  She didn’t worry about the startled glances that were cast her way from the other doctors, nurses and orderlies that she passed and some she nearly elbowed aside in her hurry.
It wasn’t until she had gotten her car onto the south highway that would take her to Colorado Springs that she allowed herself to relax a little and that was only after making very sure that she was not being followed.  She changed lanes several times and watched her mirrors carefully, fearing a glimpse of a dark nondescript sedan in the morning rush.
The fact that she was not pursued did not relieve her urgency.  In fact it worried her more with the thought that Vince could already be way ahead of her knowing what she had just learned.  In the meantime Lynn could only drive and pray that she wouldn’t arrive too late.
They arrived at Aunt Selby’s house in record time and yet none too soon as the children had just told her they needed to use the bathroom.  They had not had the opportunity to stop at a convenience store so the twins were still dressed in their hospital gowns.  Raine remembered the receipt that fell out of his pocket but he was unwilling to stop long enough for the girls to change so they waited.  They were fidgeting anxiously in the backseat of the vehicle, refreshed after having slept the clock around.
Raine grabbed his overnight bag from between the two front seats and unbuckled his seatbelt.  He got out of the car and opened the door for the twin who had to tell him with an exasperated roll of her eyes that she was Renee.  Refusing to allow her to step bare feet into the snow which would bury her nearly to her waist, he hefted the girl into his arms using his body as best he could to shield her from the howling wind.
She snuggled contentedly against his chest and shared his body heat.  He wasn’t used to that or to the wave of protective tenderness.  He felt rather than saw the happy little smile on her lips as she had buried her face in his neck and relaxed comfortably into his arms.
My daughter…
The thought whispered at him from his heart.  The things that he felt were new and yet not and he remembered them and yet he didn’t and it was frustrating and calming all at the same time.
The rage he felt for them was new.  These children were placed directly in the path of danger because they were related to him and it wasn’t fair to them.  They were simply happy to have him back in their lives; he could feel it with each beat of his heart.  Their world contained only black and white, right and wrong and none of the gray area in between.  They loved their father unconditionally and they were loyal to him for that reason alone without question.  They didn’t deserve to have to run for their lives and someone somewhere would have to pay for that.  He would make sure of it.
The front door of the house flew open and a face appeared, round and sagging with age and weight and pale with shock.  The woman who stood in the door filling the space with the width of her body alone could only be Aunt Selby.  From what details Raine had been able to glean during the trip here she lived alone, her own children having long since grown up and moved away, her husband dead ten years ago.  
Taking a look at the foursome that struggled through the weather to her front doorstep the older lady seemed to set aside her own questions which, from the look on her face Raine could tell revolved around him and his presence.  She turned quickly to run deeper into the house leaving Raine to wonder where she was going and how on Earth she could move like that given her size.  She returned quickly carrying two large fluffy comforters.  She handed one to each Raine and Sierra to wrap the twins in as they reached the threshold and stepped through the door, then Raine ran out into the weather again to get the stuff from the department store so that the children would have something to wear more suitable to wear.  Reaching the door again, he burst through it into the warm interior of the front entrance, shutting out the angry screeching of the wind.
She was an aged woman, large of build if not of stature with a wealth of long white hair pulled back into a ponytail and then braided and fixed into a serviceable bun at the base of her skull.  Her eyes were like Sierra’s: large, gray and forward, with an abundance of long, curly lashes; an arresting, lively feature next to the soft roundness of her cheeks.  She dressed simply in a long sleeved royal purple shirt with a row of buttons that started at the base of her chest and stretched tautly over an ample bosom, well-fitted blue jeans, faded and comfortable looking and white socks.  All told she gave the impression of motherly hospitality, warm comfort and a happy childhood spent under her watchful eye.
At the moment concern lined her face and shaded her eyes.  She made sure that the twins were comfortably seated at the kitchen table, wrapped in large goose down comforters with mugs of hot cocoa piled high with marshmallows for warming the innards, she said cheerfully.
With the twins warming up, Selby motioned both Sierra and Raine into the other room.  When she looked at both of them and spoke the most unlikely phrase he could think of, “I was at your wedding, you know.”
Curious about the direction of the statement, Sierra’s head cocked to one side and she replied, “Yes, I know.”
“I was also at your funeral,” Selby added looking at Raine.
Raine suddenly knew where she was going with these statements.  Straightening slightly and gazing directly into her eyes and refusing to be cowed he asked sarcastically, “Is that so?  I hear it was closed casket?”
“That’s so,” She answered him mimicking his straight-backed posture and meeting his sarcasm combatively, clearly not intimidated by either him or the warning look that Sierra cast in their direction.
“And?” He asked.
“And it occurs to me,” She started, “That the dead don’t come back to life, especially after three years,” She finished.
“Not as far as I know and if they do, I’m sure I don’t want to meet them,” Raine answered deliberately while trying unsuccessfully to stare her down.
“Then perhaps you would care to explain to me how it was you showed up at my doorstep with Sierra and the twins after you were confirmed dead three years ago?” She finished triumphantly.
“The obvious answer would be that I was never dead,” he said. “As to my disappearance,” He emphasized, “That’s what we’re still trying to figure out,” He told her.
It wasn’t that he could particularly blame her for her assumptions even though he could see her anger and knew she already had him tried, convicted and sentenced in her mind.  He was upset about it because he also knew that there would be nothing he could say or do to change her mind.  She was furious on Sierra’s behalf and he could understand it but he didn’t like it and he couldn’t explain himself.
Then Sierra, who had been mostly silent said softly, “He’s telling the truth, he doesn’t remember us or any of this Aunt Selby.” Her eyes begged Selby to keep quiet and trust her.  Tight lipped and unconvinced, she fell silent.
In a patently obvious attempt to change the subject, Sierra said, “I need a shower.  Keep an eye on the twins, would you Raine?”
Raine nodded curtly to her, moving his resentment to the back of his thoughts and concentrating on the children in the kitchen.  They had nearly finished their cocoa, cheeks rosy once again with warmth.  Sierra hurried to the other room to get the girls some clothing and Selby followed her.  Selby’s anger radiated off of her in palpable waves when she returned to the kitchen and the look in her eyes warned Raine that they would talk later.
“I made a trip to the store yesterday,” Selby said conversationally in Sierra’s direction. “I got the shampoo, conditioner, and soap you like so much.  Just in case you’d forgotten,” She continued, smiling when Sierra looked at her gratefully.
“Thank you,” Sierra replied, “You really didn’t have to but I’m glad you did.”
“It wasn’t even a bother.  Now go, get cleaned up so you feel better,” She told Sierra briskly. “I’ll even behave myself in the presence of the children.” She added cocking her head in Raine’s general direction and affecting an innocent look at Sierra’s quelling glance.
Sierra’s gaze traveled slowly in a semi-circle, taking in the house that she knew from childhood visits.  She could see that very little had changed with the passage of time in this old place that she remembered so well, only the furniture really.  All the old pictures that used to hang on the walls were still there and so were all the of old knick-knacks.  The colors on the walls were different and the cabinets and appliances had been replaced.  Her memories of this house and her aunt had always been warm ones, touched now with pleasant nostalgia.  Her parents had always seemed indifferent to her, cold and distant as if they had worries on their minds more pressing than their child.
She had always looked forward to the time she spent in this home which was set far apart from the large, austere house that her parents had owned in both wealth and warmth, both of them working and successful.
Her mother had made a career as a psychiatrist, well paid to take care of others though she never seemed to have the time for Sierra’s.  Her father was a well respected partner in a large law firm in Chicago.
She had passed a large part of her youth with only the handful of servants her parents employed for companionship, a study in boredom and repression.  She had wanted nothing more as a child than to let her hair down and act like a child but she had been firmly denied.  She was expected at all times to act, think and speak like an adult whether it was fair or not.
Her summers until she reached the age of thirteen were the times that she looked forward to.  When school was out for summer break her parents had usually planned an extended vacation and she was sent here to Aunt Selby for safekeeping.  This was the magical time.  This was her break.
It had been those months during the dry heat of the Colorado summer that she had been allowed to get dirty and have fun, to just be a kid.  She had been permitted to run barefoot, to play and holler until she was hoarse, to lick a melting ice cream cone and then hike up the legs of her pants, kick off her shoes and peel off her socks and wade into the nearby stream simply to rinse her sticky hands.  She would stir up the sand and silt that rested in the creek bed with her toes and watch the minnows dart away in fright.  Then they would swim closer again and she would wait perfectly still until they got close enough before she would plunge her hands into the water and scare them away again, laughing in delight at her game.
In the evening she would hear Aunt Selby shout for dinner and she would trudge wearily back to the house, yawning largely and stopping to allow her aunt to check that she had washed up.  Her fingernails had never been clean then; her face always streaked with dirt and sweat.  Her aunt would look at her and smile with her eyes twinkling.  Then she would force her to bathe before dinner, claiming that such a dirty little urchin deserved a good dunk in the tub before she was allowed to eat.  Her eyes would peek out from under the layers of dirt that hid her face, the mud would crack to show a wide, unrepentant grin and she and Selby would invariably get into a water fight, giggling merrily and splashing around.
Those had been the golden times; those months when Aunt Selby wasn’t just an elusive relative but more like Sierra’s mother.  Selby was the woman who patched up Sierra’s skinned knees and kissed bumps and bruises to make them better, who let Sierra help with the chores and picked her up to help dust her off when she would trip and fall.  Selby was the one Sierra ran to for comfort when she needed it and read to her the bedtime stories, watching as she would nod off in the middle, too exhausted to keep her eyes open anymore.  
Raine cleared his throat softly and Sierra looked at him expectantly until he asked her, “Didn’t you want to take a shower?”
She smiled an embarrassed smile at the way her mind had gone wandering and told him, “I was just remembering.” Then she turned and went upstairs to shower, laughing to herself at Selby’s stern reminder that any water she splashed onto the floor she would mop up by herself.

Dr. Calloway drove without much thought to the road ahead of her, her mind absorbed with her conversation with Dr. Hanlen.  Something didn’t quite fit right and though she could place her finger on exactly what it was she was at a loss to explain it.
Raine was supposed to have drowned; the young doctor had told her as much.  She didn’t understand what was going on.  
Naturally, the only answer was that he had never died, which was patently obvious.  He had been pulled from the water somehow, rescued for whatever reason and his death had been faked.  If that didn’t sound like the epitome of raving conspiracy theory, she didn’t know what did.
Why had someone faked his death?  Why was he so important that he’d had to disappear and yet still live?  And now why did it seem that it was of utmost importance that his secrets be kept at the cost of his life?
The answers to those questions would come only when she found Raine and they combined their knowledge.  The rest of the questions that she had floated dreamily along her consciousness, gone before they had been studied and dismissed as assumptions, misinterpretations and unreliable third-party conjecture.  Perhaps they would never be able to answer those questions though she devoutly hoped that she was wrong.
Raine was different though not in a physically obvious way.  It made her wonder if that was the reason that Vince followed him and from whom Vince took his orders.  There had to be a boss.  There was always a boss.  She was sure of this because she knew that though the man was crafty he would never be capable of the intelligence to mastermind such an operation.  She could tell just by studying him.  She could tell he worked alone and chose his own direction but he was generally a follower and unable to place himself on the right path.  He was more like a drone.  He followed orders and the one who gave the orders was the one to be feared.
She knew she had to find Raine even if it was just for her own peace of mind.
 
Leonard Hendrikson was still at a loss when he tried to understand Vince.  He simply couldn’t figure the man out.  It was not because he was particularly unreadable which was certainly the case but Leo had never found that a serious obstacle when it came to learning a person and their ways.  
What he could not understand was why Vince was so secretive.  He wasn’t even talking with Leo, his partner and he ignored him more than anything and he flatly refused to reveal even the smallest detail in what he had mapped out as a plan.  This meant that Leo had to simply follow in his wake and grope blindly for the facts in an ocean of speculation.  He felt like the fifth wheel and didn’t like it at all.
They were on the highway, headed south from Denver to a destination that Leo had yet to find out.  He didn’t understand Vince’s intentions which of course were exasperatingly vague for if they drove to find Raine they should have gone northeast toward Blaine.  They were now driving due south in the direction of Colorado Springs.  Leo was sure that Vince had his reasons but he should’ve told his partner about them because frankly, Leo would be right there taking responsibility if anything happened that shouldn’t.  It wasn’t just Vince’s career in jeopardy.  Leo’s career was on the line, too.
Vince had simply appeared on his doorstep that morning, waking him entirely too early.  His persistent banging on the door and the continuous ringing of the doorbell had prompted Leo to jerk the door open, eyes confrontational and sleep encrusted.  When he’d seen Vince standing there he’d swallowed a number of rude lines and tried to be more civil.  It wasn’t easy because Leo didn’t do well without coffee first thing.  
Vince had told him quite simply to get ready because they would leave within the hour.  Shoving his bafflement aside and doing as Vince had ordered, he had hurried to dress himself.   He swallowed his annoyance when Vince refused to tell him anything else which made Leo want to stomp his foot and demand some answers.  It wasn’t that it would’ve done any good; it just would’ve made Leo feel a little better.
Leo had gotten a head start when he’d been assigned as Vince’s backup.  Otherwise, he would’ve been a pencil pushing desk jockey for the space of several rather boring years before he would have been given a promotion.  He wanted to be a field agent so badly he could almost taste it.  That was where the action was.  The field agents were the best of the best and that was where Leo wanted to be.  This assignment was a stepping stone on that road and he hoped that his efforts on this assignment would be recognized and rewarded.  It was a shot in the dark but it was worth a try.
That was why he’d hurried to obey Vince, scurrying to dress and letting go of that first steaming, aromatic cup of coffee that got him going.  When he had finally gotten ready to the tune of Vince’s agitated pacing from the living room, Leo had hurried down the hall, pulling on his jacket as he ran.  Wasting no time, Leo had run out the front door and to the car leaving Vince to follow in his wake for once.  The man didn’t seem to mind at all, hurrying after Leo with what could only be described as approval.
Leo had slid into the passenger seat of the car and listened to the engine roar to life, finally asking Vince for a clue to their destination.  Vince had not answered directly, allowing nothing more than that he would find out when they got there.
Leo had rubbed his forehead wearily then and asked Vince for the one thing that he seriously doubted Vince would deny him this early in the morning; a coffee run.
Vince must have been in a decent mood and agreed to stop for coffee in addition to paying for it himself which surprised Leo even though he tried not to let it show.  He had stared at Vince in dumb shock for a full minute which prompted Vince to raise his eyebrows blankly and ask, “What?  Are you okay?”  
Leo had looked away and said, “I’m fine, just wondering why you’re being so nice.  You’re never this nice to me.  Are you sick or something?”
“I haven’t had my coffee yet this morning either,” Vince explained.
When they had gotten their coffee, Leo inhaled deeply of the steam that wafted from the cup, feeling his senses come alive simply with the smell.  Vince set his in the cup holder to cool down slightly before he drank it.
Silence had descended over them while Vince concentrated on negotiating traffic, his mind on the road ahead of him.  Leo had felt free then to allow his mind to wander a little.  He took in without really seeing the snow-covered scenery that passed serenely by.  It changed as they drove from the buildings and businesses of the city to the raw beauty of the mountainous countryside, stark now with winter and dotted here and there with a bright splash of emerald from the evergreens that flourished year round.  
The scenery had a calming effect and Leo chose to place his uncertainty on hold and trust in his partner, sure that his confidence would be rewarded even if not immediately.

Lynn Calloway arrived in Colorado Springs, Colorado on the empty howl of a lonesome wind.  She found herself in the throes of warring relief and paradoxically something akin to bemusement but she could not seem to pinpoint exactly what it was she felt.  She knew instinctively that she was close to Raine and that was a comfort by itself.
She knew when first she drove into town that she would have to find a gas station partially in light of nature’s call and also the need for fuel since she’d traveled at such high, reckless speeds to get here.  Secondly, it was because she knew that it would be the most likely place to find a phone book and enable her to base her search.
The gas station that she found was small and not particularly reputable looking.  Cobbs Convenience, Gas Up and Garage looked as though it barely kept afloat on the outskirts of town.  Obviously not the place that residents of the inner city often went when given the choice between that and the larger and probably more clean businesses run closer to the heart of the city.  
The paint peeled off the cinderblock walls.  The sign out front and the gas pumps were all done in dull blue and marked with the outline of a rodent if she had to make a guess.  Her composure at that point, already nearing the breaking point with stress and over work slipped a notch closer to hilarity as she realized that the silhouette implied that the owner was a rat.  She felt that she might point this out to him or her, whichever the case might turn out to be, a simple suggestion that could improve the customer turnout.
Lynn wasn’t concerned at the moment with surface beauty; she worried more about visibility.  She could fade into the background better here and not only that, she would also get what she wanted with no nerve-wracking wait for service and no questions asked, an idea that appealed to her.
Pulling up to one of the islands and cutting the engine, she reached down and pulled the small lever that released the cover for the fuel inlet.  Then she grimaced when she realized that she’d pulled the wrong handle and the trunk popped open.  Moving her hand back an inch she located the correct lever and watched in her side mirror as the correct panel swung open to reveal the gas cap.  At least she’d remembered that she had a locked gas cap as she pulled the keys from the ignition and got out of the car.  Walking around the car, she unlocked the gas cap and pulled the nozzle to fill the tank, listening to the soft whir of the gas pump as it was turned on from inside the station.
She gazed at her surroundings while she waited, shivering in the bitter cold wind and blowing snow.  The houses and businesses that surrounded the station were mostly old, spooky and aged, historical monuments cloaked in snow and surrounded by large, stately elm and oak trees, bedraggled with years of ill care.  They were barren and lonely now in winter, their topmost branches bowed beneath the weight of snow.  There was bark missing from the trunks on several of them and most were marked with awkward carvings from bored children with pocketknives.
Most of the houses looked vacant, abandoned and condemned where once this would have likely been an affluent neighborhood.  Windows were missing from most of the houses and several of them had been boarded up.  Front porches had collapsed entirely on some and on others hung precariously from only one support beam.  Mostly of Victorian era architecture, moldered and dangerous, the passage of time had left its mark here as it did in all places and the years had not been kind.
The gas pump stopped with a telltale pop and with a stop at the pay phone to find and write down the address of one Marla Selby, she went inside to pay for her gas and buy a soda and an area map.
The attendant at the station, a bored looking teenaged boy was rather loudly chewing a hefty wad of gum when she walked in, barely glancing at her as Lynn went to the bathroom and then got what she needed and walked up to the counter to pay, handing over her credit card and then signing the receipt.  She was glad because he would never remember her and didn’t particularly care.
When she left the station, she took a moment to look at the map she had gotten to find her direction and then pulled out of the parking lot.  She turned left and angled toward the outskirts on the opposite side of town as the map indicated that that was where she was to go.  She was almost there she thought, both happy and frantic at the thought that she was so close to where she wanted to go and yet so far away because she had no clue where it was or what she would do when she got there.
She was so absorbed in her own thoughts that she didn’t notice the minivan that slid through a stop sign on her right unable to brake on a solid patch of ice on the hill it had just been traveling.  She didn’t notice anything until the crunch and ear-rending screech of torn and collapsing metal accompanied the bone-jarring wrench of impact.  It pulled her from her thoughts a split second before her head hit the side window and the world faded into blackness as pain exploded in her skull.
Sierra was humming softly to herself as she toweled her hair dry.  She’d had all of her toiletries in the luggage that she had left at the hospital but Selby had everything she’d need.  That was good because then she wouldn’t have to go to the store with money she didn’t have.  She didn’t need to have to go to the store anyway because they were hiding.  That and she just didn’t want to make the trip.
The clothes that she had borrowed from Selby fit loosely on her because her aunt had never been a slight woman.  They had been purchased years before and so the styles were hopelessly outdated but comfortable.  The bell bottoms that she wore were huge and mostly denim, perfectly faded from several washings with a strip of rainbow tie-dyed cotton down hip and leg on either side.  The shirt was old and used to be white with a large six-petal flower on the front and was stained from countless spills.  She didn’t bother with socks or shoes, figuring that as long as she was in the house it wouldn’t be necessary.
Having squeezed what water she could out of her hair with the towel, she quickly ran the brush through it.  Then she set about flossing and brushing her teeth, taking pleasure in simply being clean again, wiping the fog from the mirror with her towel.  The mirror immediately fogged over again from the ultra-hot shower she’d taken in an effort to wash away the dirt and her anxiety.  She wasn’t going to fight with it she decided and simply opened the bathroom door to let some of the heat out, finishing up without the aid of the looking glass.
When she was done she left the bathroom and hurried downstairs, not used to leaving the kids alone for that long.  When she went into the living room she saw that the twins were comfortably seated on Raine’s lap, watching television and happily passing the time listening to their father’s narrative of the cartoon on the screen.  The volume was turned down and Selby snored softly from the recliner on the right.  
The twins giggled here and there when Raine made up his own version of the antics of the cat and mouse chasing each other around a cartoon house, destroying it in the process.
Walking quietly up behind them, careful not to disturb them and sidling a little closer and bending over slightly she heard the story he told them and her shoulders began to rock with laughter.
The cat, which didn’t seem to display much sense or a hint of vertigo for that matter was chasing the mouse across the roof of the house.  He stumbled and tried to avoid looking down, a useless endeavor.  The house itself seemed to have grown a hundred feet in the space of a second as the cat saw the ground below, doubled dramatically from the dizzying height at which it stood.  The cat stumbled back from the edge of the roof, grabbing the chimney in an effort to steady itself and began to cry large, frightened tears.  The mouse had no such compunctions.  Running for the gutter at roof’s edge and jumping into the pipe that led to the ground below he used it as a slide to escape the cat.  
This action evidently angered the cat beyond the bounds of reason as it let go of the chimney and came charging to the edge of the roof.  He overcame his fear of heights to the tune of Raine’s voice saying, “No, don’t jump.  You’re supposed to make a rope ladder or something but you’ll end up a pancake if you jump!  No!  Don’t jump…”
The cat jumped and plunged to the ground below and Raine, shaking his head in mock dismay and with a comical, exaggerated sigh said softly, “Oh dear, he jumped.  What a dork.”  Then the palm of his hand met his forehead with a soft thud.  The girls burst into fits of laughter, clutching their sides as fits of hilarity and Raine’s tickling fingers on their ribs sent them into gales of mirth.
Sierra found herself directly behind Raine.  Mild upset rose up within her as she saw his shoulders stiffen slightly when he sensed her nearness and without warning the air around them became unbearably thick and heavy.  Raine turned his head to look at her with an abruptness that startled a surprised gasp from one of the twins, a spark of recognition lighting his eyes.
Raine was not sure precisely when he had gotten the feeling that she was near.  He only knew that when she had walked up behind him her arrival brought with it the scent of her soap and shampoo and his nostrils had flared.  He remembered the smell of her hair and skin after she had showered with clarity.  With it came other memories as well, flooding him with not just emotions but a deluge of images to match.

Pictures flashed vividly and continuously across his mind’s eye; images of the two of them before the girls had been born walking hand in hand along the beach and even at lakeside.  Memories of holding her tightly and sitting in the shadow of a weeping willow, her back pressed against his chest, her head resting on his shoulder.
He remembered the moment that he realized that he’d fallen in love very clearly, looking at her face bathed in moonlight with her hair blowing gently in the cooling breeze of a summer night.  
He remembered his proposal to her, simple and eloquent as she had described it.  He began to recall the love and happiness that had shone in her eyes when he had taken the diamond from the jeweler’s box.  He remembered the way his heart had pounded in fear until she’d said yes.  He remembered the way his hands had been shaking so badly that he could barely put the ring on her finger and her hand had been trembling, too.  
He saw the way he’d had to walk her home that night, both of them drunk on champagne and love and then having to pick up the car the next day, his eyes blood shot and his head pounding from the hangover.
His mind held pictures of their wedding.  Sierra a vision in white silk and satin and the way she had spoken her vows without hesitation, knowing that he was right for her in every way.
He remembered when he had become a father, seeing the girls brought into the world on her agonized screams and low groans of pain.  He saw in his mind the sheer quantity of blood she had shed during the delivery that had left him afraid for her, vowing that he would never touch her again and cursing that he ever had in the first place.  He had felt her pain as keenly as if it had been his own then as he had seen her face; pale, drawn and exhausted with labor.  He saw with his heart and his mind the joy that had lit up her face when the first small cry of a newborn had rent the air followed closely thereafter by the second and the tears she had cried when she held her daughters for the first time.
He remembered the hours of work, sacrifice and exhaustion that came with caring for twins; hours of walking the floor with crying infants and their mutual relief when the twins had finally begun to sleep through the night.  Then he saw in his mind the way the girls had grown into precocious toddlers, fascinated with all that their little hands could reach.  He remembered the constant supervision and trying to keep up with them as it seemed that small children were forever finding a way to play with something they shouldn’t.
With these memories also came the memories of a youth spent institutionalized; under constant study and lonely, denied the companionship of his peers.  He had not been allowed as a child to romp and play with others his age, forever imprisoned behind the walls of the hospital that had been the only home he’d ever known.
He had been a case study growing up, surrounded at all times by adults and watched like a lab rat.  He remembered the endless tests; tests that had shown a frighteningly high I.Q. and the routine blood tests to discover the cause of the powers that he began to display.  They had not known the reason for his existence but they had known what he was capable of and had wanted to use it.
In addition to his tutoring he had been forced to practice the use of his powers.  He had spent endless hours forced to move objects with his mind.  He was forced to develop telekinetic strengths until he was able to make things that were bolted to the floor move around the room with the telltale pop and creak of splintering wood and crumbling tile.
He had also found that he was capable of mental telepathy but the power to see into the minds of others wasn’t the sum of it.  He found that with patience and persistence he was able also to learn to control them by small, subtle suggestions into the subconscious.  With the passage of time and continuous effort he became adept at stepping into the minds of others.  He was soon able to assume complete control, bowing others to his will with steadily less effort.  
This was a talent that was not well received much to his bafflement, he’d only wanted to please the only parents he’d ever known.  He had questioned their displeasure and ultimately sought to find the reason that they had not wanted him to exercise powers they didn’t have.  Before when he had demonstrated a new ability or a more finely honed control over a previously discovered one he had always been rewarded for it with profuse approval and hearty congratulations.  
Now he noticed the way that they shied from him in fear.  For a little while he was puzzled until he realized that not only could he control and read the minds of his fellow “inmates” as he liked to call them, but also the minds of the hospital staff.  That had never occurred to him before.  It wasn’t that he was trying to be evil or controlling.  No one had ever taught him ethics or morals.  He was a case study, that was all and raised without love and the guidance he got as a child was always intellectual, never emotional.  No one ever loved him enough to teach him right from wrong.
Now he studied diligently and fine-tuned the skills that he had been born with, perfecting them in the time that he was allowed to be by himself.  This time had become more and more frequent as he exhausted the vast learning of the tutors who had been employed to educate him.  It was then that little by little, minute by precious minute he found himself cut off from any human contact until the only person that he saw during the day was the man who came by at precise hours to pass food through his door.
The man was forbidden to talk to him.  This was something that Raine found out because he was lonely.  He was so desperately lonely.  No one would talk to him or smile at him or even look at him.  He had no company but the books he’d read so many times that he’d memorized them and he was aching for someone to talk to.  So when the orderly walked by, he slid quietly and unobtrusively into the man’s mind.
He saw the hall outside his bedroom door through the eyes of the orderly.  He drank in the sight of the sunlight that bathed the white tiles on the floor.  The shining reflection caught the man’s eyes for a moment and he blinked, using his hand to shield his gaze from the glare.  
The sounds of agonized screaming neared and then once again drifted off as Ol’ Merle, as the rest of the staff and all the patients at the institution called him passed by May Beth’s room.
She had been admitted to this hospital the year before when her mind had broken because she’d taken a few too many drugs when she was younger.  She was now a criminally insane and suicidal self-mutilator.  The skin on her face had grossly marred flesh hanging after bloody episodes of self-scarring.  
She had gotten into the habit of growing her nails long in her early teens and had used them to satisfy her craving for pain.  Her screams usually signaled that it was time for her regular sedative and the uniformed nurse ran to administer, nodding distractedly to Merle as she passed.
Merle turned to watch her retreating frame for a moment, enjoying the sensuous sway of feminine hips and ample, rounded bottom.  Then he dismissed her from his thoughts and turned to walk in the direction that he had been heading originally.  Checking his watch he discovered that it was time for his lunch break and he hurried to the doors of the building, lighting a cigarette even as he opened the door.  
Outside, Merle inhaled with satisfaction, feeling the craving slowly go away.  Inside the guy’s mind, Raine gagged at the smell in the air around him, unaccustomed to the smoke that he could tell hurt Merle while he inhaled.
Raine made his decision quickly.  Turning his focus inward upon Merle’s mind, he used a gentle suggestion to erase all memory of his addiction.  He watched with satisfaction through Merle’s eyes as the man looked at the half-smoked cigarette he held in his hand and then dropped it on the ground, grinding out the fire with his boot.  
Reaching into his shirt pocket and grabbing the pack he kept there, Merle stared at it a moment indecisively.  Raine applied gentle pressure on his thoughts again and with a decidedly complacent shrug, Merle dropped the cigarette pack and lighter that he had in the trash can.  Then he turned and walked inside and Raine poured into his mind a sense of freedom.  Merle never looked back nor did he miss the habit he’d given up and he could never really seem to remember what had brought it on in the first place.
The layout of the hospital where Raine was a prisoner allowed for a staff cafeteria, and this was the direction that Merle turned.  Walking through a series of corridors that Raine knew from before, Merle went through a set of double doors and walked toward the end of the lunch line.
Grabbing a tray and making his way along in line, he got his lunch.  Grabbing fork, spoon and knife; the staff was allowed actual silverware where residents were only allowed plastic spoons he fished out two crumpled, dirty dollars for his meal from his pockets.
Then he picked up his lunch tray and made his way to the far right corner of the lunchroom, taking solitude over the disquieting jabber of co-workers.
Somewhere behind Merle and slightly off to the left a doctor took a chair and began to eat, muttering to himself and disregarding the rest of the staff who chatted amiably among themselves, having decided to work through his lunch hour.  Merle paid no attention to the doctor.  Casework such as that was beyond his concern or responsibility and so he tuned out the voice of the man sitting behind him.
It was Raine, unknown mental piggyback and privy to the words spoken sat up and took notice.  Most of what the doctor said was too garbled and indistinct for Raine to hear because Merle wasn’t listening but when he focused hard enough he could just make out three words that filled him first with rage and then with lively contempt as he understood what had been said.
The boy that had been Raine withdrew then from the mind of Merle and sat there.  Rocking back and forth, he tried to calm his fury and be rational and began to plan his escape…

Raine was jolted back to the present by Sierra’s hand on his cheek.  Her eyes were alive with confusion and concern and he gazed at her for a moment, numb with remembered rage.  At first, he didn’t know that it was his voice that whispered the words he had taken forward in time from memories that he hadn’t known he possessed, “The Raine Project.”
A chill of apprehension traced its way up Raine’s spine and he knew, he just knew that something was terribly wrong.  An image of Dr. Calloway flashed through his mind in rapid succession with visions of a horribly twisted, grotesquely mangled car.  Blowing snow obscured his sight; formerly white, now glaringly red with heavy bloodshed.
Sierra still stood at his side trying to calm him and help him to understand that the vision had to play itself out.  He could not control this, he could only let it happen even as he could feel the certainty that something was not as it should be.
“I’ve got to find her,” He whispered to himself, unaware of the bewilderment in Sierra’s eyes at his words. “She needs my help,” He finished and then looked to Sierra for answers, uncertainty clouding his gaze.
“Who, Raine?  Who needs your help?” Sierra asked him, mystified.
“Dr. Calloway is in trouble.  She needs me and it needs to be now,” He explained in passing as he grabbed his coat and car keys, telling Sierra to stay put with the twins and he would be back soon.  He stopped quickly to kiss her goodbye and tell her once softly, “I love you.” And then he was gone, leaving her to fret silently with his sudden departure.

Vince saw the red and blue flashing lights on the road ahead of them and cursed softly.  What was going on up there?  Vince wondered as he got closer and found that due to a traffic accident the entire road was blocked off.  They would have to take a different route to reach their destination.  They didn’t want to be where numerous police cruisers, ambulances and fire trucks prevented all passage from either direction.  
A crowd had gathered around the scene large enough to prevent Vince from seeing what happened on the other side of a solid wall of bodies.  Vince cursed the crowd, swung a sharp right turn and drove a slightly different route around the gathering of civilians and the noise and lights.
Driving the scenic side roads prevented Vince from noticing the black SUV that hurtled at reckless velocity directly toward the scene of the collision.  If he had known this Vince would have smiled with a quiet if rather eccentric sense of euphoria.  Raine had inadvertently played right into Vince’s vicious, ruthless hands.

Raine saw the flashing lights ahead of him and his already quaking alarm doubled and redoubled.  He was driving at a speed that would be considered terminal in its recklessness on the cold, slick pavement with no thoughts on his mind except the doctor and her urgent need of his help.
He cursed to himself when he had to stop for the traffic that had backed up for a block and a half and he pulled the SUV onto the side of the road and parked it next to a large, aged elm.  The weather was bitterly cold, freezing the nose and fingertips and snow blew around in miniature funnels, obscuring his vision and forcing him to walk with his head bent.
When he reached the outskirts of a human wall he stopped for a moment, disconcerted.  What was he going to do?  How was he going to help her?  Doubts clouded his thoughts and he shook his head, aware that it could cause him to make a fatal error.  Gritting his teeth and plowing into and through the crowd of onlookers like a linebacker, he saw with crystal clarity what had been the cause of his panic.  A tangle of metal greeted his terrified gaze, the wind here not so strong next to the irregular blockade of emergency vehicles and personnel.
The acid smell of gasoline met his nostrils and the ground was stained a sickly yellow where it had leaked from both vehicles, frozen before it’d had the chance to evaporate.
The injured from the minivan had been pulled from the wreckage but Dr. Calloway was nowhere in sight.  His eyes searched through the tangle of the victims where medics fought to keep them warm against the frigid weather, piling them under blankets and trying to block the wind with their own bodies.
The medical examiner was there and Raine felt his heart jump into his throat until the man grimly uncovered two bodies to check them and pronounce them dead.  Neither was Lynn Calloway though Raine’s relief was short-lived.  Where was she?  She hadn’t been thrown from the car and she was not among the injured accounted for, that left one place.  Raine would’ve preferred that she had already been pulled from the wreckage, the car was hopelessly mangled and crumpled to half again its already small size.  Raine felt the first stirrings of hysteria edge precariously towards panic.  He still couldn’t locate her among the victims.  It was then that he stopped and forced his mind to take a step back, looking through the eyes of a bystander as opposed to a participant.
Turning to the crowd of onlookers he met several pairs of haunted, scared gazes.   Trying to speak calmly he asked, “Did anyone see what happened?”
One small, pale, stricken looking boy about nine years old took two timid steps forward and Raine dropped to his knees so that he was eye-level with the child.  The look in his eyes invited the boy to tell his story.
“The van couldn’t stop, sir.  It hit the pretty car, hit it hard and kept going.”
“Do you know where the driver of the pretty car is, son?” Raine asked him gently.
“I don’t know, sir.  I haven’t even seen ‘em yet.”  And with that the boy backed away, having said all he was willing to say.
The minivan had slid through a stop sign, of this he was certain.  The sign in question stood at the bottom of a very steep, extremely dangerous and ice covered hill.  Raine was sure now that the van had been unable to stop, having hit the ice with an unwary or overconfident driver behind the wheel.  They had skidded at a killing pace through the sign just as Lynn had been passing in her small, fragile sports car.  The van had struck the little roadster at high speed and driven it to the other side of the road, wrapping it securely around the sturdy trunk of a serenely indifferent old oak tree.
Raine turned to the mangled royal blue remains of what had once probably been a very sleek, very pretty car.  He stretched out with his feelings, closing his eyes and letting the surrounding crowd fade into the farthest reaches of his consciousness.  He saw as if from the opposite end of a long tunnel the fading consciousness of Lynn Calloway, terribly hurt and ready to give up from the pain from which she shrank in fear.  Her mind held a plaintive quality, begging to be set free, a release that he didn’t have the power to give.  Did he?  His eyes flew open and then darkened speculatively.
He wondered about it for only a moment, for a breathless second torn in indecision before he set his uncertainty aside and concentrated on the remains of the roadster.
The police officers, fire fighters and medics tried to detain him and keep him from coming any closer to the dangerously volatile wreckage.  During the collision the gas tanks on both vehicles had been punctured and the tiniest spark on even the frozen fuel on the ground could be catastrophic.  He didn’t worry about them.  He knew that they couldn’t help her but he could.
The periphery of his vision faded, his eyes saw only the wreckage.  He concentrated on it with his whole mind, forcing the power of his will into it.  The uniformed officers who had been trying until that moment to get him away faded into the background, their voices trailing away into silence.  He didn’t allow himself any further thought of them concentrating with all his energy on the minivan, the front of which had embedded into the passenger side of Lynn’s car.
He clenched his jaw, his mind straining and his percipient consciousness stretching out after a long sleep and then beginning to exercise gleefully.  His heart pounded rapidly, painfully and his muscles trembled as adrenaline pumped through his body.  Completely alert and conscious of all that went on around him, he nevertheless ignored it as with a burst of power the air around him trembled noticeably under his mastery and the minivan lifted off the ground.
His hand lifted to channel the power that he directed towards the vehicle as with an ear-rending screech of twisted metal, one vehicle separated from the other and moved through the air.  The imprint imbedded in the lightweight metal of the sports car from the front end of the minivan almost made Raine cringe with barely suppressed horror.  The minivan tipped precariously in midair as his concentration wavered when he saw it.  Bystanders shrieked and skittered away in terror from the weighty, wobbling mass of scarred, crumpled steel and were quickly hushed by others who stayed around to watch the show.  
Casting about for a location to rest the levitating van he lifted it several feet off the ground to the accompanying gasps and low shrieks of the bystanders.  His gaze rested on a small unoccupied area in the street beyond the crowd and, with a gentle flick of his wrist he guided the vehicle to rest with a groan and metallic pop of ruined steel.  
He turned his mind away from the emotions that rose from the alarming spectacle and concentrated instead on moving the sports car away from its snug wrap around the tree trunk.  He knew instinctively that if he allowed his mind to dwell on the razor sharpness of his feelings, he would be lost to the accident that faced him and would be beyond the ability to help her.
It would not budge.  The frame of the vehicle was wrapped so securely around the trunk that the whole tree threatened, with an agonized wooden pop to collapse directly onto the car.  
Raine circled the wreckage, unsure why the trunk of the tree as thick as it was, was still so very unstable.  Then he saw it; the vertical split in the wood caused by the impact of the car that traveled up the tree trunk from base to the first fork in the branches.  The vehicle was the only thing that still held the aged oak upright and when the car was removed the tree would split directly down the center, falling in two directions at once.  He would have to find another way to free Dr. Calloway.
The roof of the car was damaged, bowed upward by the strength of impact.  Raine knew that the lightweight metal and the twisted condition of the car’s frame would make the steel relatively pliable, easier to work with and work through.
He concentrated on the roof of the car and everything in the periphery of his vision once again faded into nothingness.  He felt his heart begin to pound a rapid, painful beat that nearly eclipsed the gasps of the watchful crowd as the roof of the car began to bow higher, taking with it the passenger side frame of the car.  The screech of tortured metal reverberated in his mind and his pupils dilated and then refocused as the sound made him want to cover his ears in acute pain.
In the molding on the top of the car between roof and windshield a crack appeared and then began to widen.  The steel itself began to break and crack, like the panel had been heated to a luminous, red-hot intensity and then doused in frigid water.  Raine concentrated harder and the top of the car separated from the windshield more quickly.
The ghostly presence of the doctor’s conscious mind began to fade and he reached out to her with his feelings once again; trying to comfort her and ask her to hold on just a little longer.  She was so tired and in so much pain that she couldn’t really feel.  Her sense of touch had been dulled by the injuries that she had sustained.
She felt cold, so very cold and she wanted to just let go; Raine could feel it from deep within her and he fought to help her breaking mind understand that there really was something worth living for.  Life itself was too precious to be squandered and he tried to reach out to her and let her know if nothing else that he was there by her side to help in shouldering her excruciating burden and save her.
He had to get her out of there, time was running out.  She was dying and he couldn’t let that happen without a valiant struggle.
He concentrated harder until he felt the pounding of his heart in the veins in his skull and heard the pulsing roar of his blood in his ears.  He opened his mind and took her darkness into himself and felt what she felt.  He reached out to her mind with a comforting presence while he focused all the strength of his power on the roof of the twisted vehicle that held her prisoner.
The metal began to fold back toward the rear of the car, having been separated entirely from the windshield.  The pop and screech of stubborn steel echoed into the unforgiving sky, sounding a hollow cry into the wind.  He felt a primitive rush of relief that he finally had her nearly freed; all that remained now would be to actually get her out of the car.
He knew he couldn’t move her because it could kill or paralyze her.  That left the only option of going to her instead of bringing her to him.
Walking up to the car Raine climbed carefully onto the hood.  He tried to avoid moving the mangled vehicle in any way to keep the motion from disturbing the tree or the violently injured doctor huddled into the driver’s seat of the car.  He looked at her over the top molding of the windshield and suppressed a shudder of fear.
Her head had hit the window on her left side.  Blood marked the point of impact on the web work of cracks in the glass and a large, nasty lump on her forehead showed that it had hit hard.  Blood ran down the side of her face onto her shirt from a gash on her left temple and before he panicked Raine had to remind himself that head injuries bled profusely.  Wild hope fluttered in his chest.  Though her face was ashen, deathly pale and blood was on almost every surface in the car, there was the possibility that her injuries were not quite as bad as they looked.
He leaned over to touch the lump on her head, stretching toward her with his mind and sensing much to his terror that her injuries were just as bad as they looked.  Her mind knew of nothing except his presence and the blackness into which she had retreated as an escape from the pain.  Her skin was cold and clammy with the onset of shock and she was fading fast, ready to give in to the painless and cool, inviting mist.
Reaching out to her with his mind he willed her to acknowledge his presence.  Her mind responded rather feebly and Raine felt overwhelming joy simply because she knew he was there.  He reacted entirely on instinct now, sensing what he was capable of and using it without even thinking about it.  
Very vividly, he imagined each fiber of torn flesh in the bump on her head repairing itself and stopping the blood flow from her temple.  At an agonizingly slumberous pace under the gentle, steadily warming pressure of his fingertips he felt the jagged flesh of the gash begin to heal.  He brought together tissue that had been painfully rent with a seamless perfection that eclipsed even the surgeons’ needle.
He felt through his fingertips the pain in her head from her fractured skull and the blood clot that now rested there, as well as the aching bitterness of defeat.  Every breath was labored and if he didn’t get to her soon she would die.  Worry made his hands shake and sweat despite the cold all around him.  His eyes focused only on her face, his concentration so centered that any noise fell on deaf ears.
His thoughts turned to the blood pocket in her skull.  It had grown and he could feel it.  It was swollen and dense now, putting pressure to her brain, killing her efficiently.  He thought of the blood receding from around her brain, relieving the pressure that caused her head to pound so mercilessly and he imagined her body reclaiming the blood that had rushed to her skull cavity, slowing the threat to her safety.
Raine focused on the fracture in her skull second.  Stretching out, he felt the rift in her skull and the hairline fractures that branched out from it.  He winced slightly, an action that he couldn’t stop.  He felt her pain as if it were his own.  He took it gratefully into himself knowing that the agony would give her reason not to leave the protective cocoon of numbness she had retreated to inside her own mind.  He focused on each breach and closed his eyes in concentration as he imagined mending them in turn.  The jagged pieces of bone slowly became whole again beneath his fingertips, her skull gradually becoming strong once more where minutes ago that spot had been pliable and somewhat concave.
When he felt that the worst of Lynn’s head injuries had been healed aside from the minor bumps and bruising, he concentrated on her left shoulder where her body had hit the inside of the car and then been crushed against the tree.  The shoulder blade had been broken, the joint nearly shattered and four of her ribs were broken, trying even as he checked to protrude from her skin.
He concentrated on her ribs, worried that she might begin to convulse and puncture a lung, drowning in her own blood.  He pictured them slowly moving together where they had been separated, the splintered ends molding perfectly, seamlessly and healing so completely as to make a person doubt that they had ever been splintered.  While he did he focused on her breathing which became easier as both the pain faded away and she began to become more aware of her surroundings.  It was working; he was reaching her.  With it came a rush of energy, a feeling of victory so intense it made his heart begin to pound harder than it already was.  
He focused entirely on her and so she began to heal faster.  Shattered shoulder blade and busted joint came together and mended without seam or fissure.  Torn muscles, tendons and ligaments knitted together fiber by rent fiber and became whole again.
After that he thought of healing her left hip, shattered so completely as to be surgically irreparable.  With a break like that she would have been wheelchair bound for the rest of her life and in the grip of constant, crippling pain.  Both hips fitted together and were made one again and the excruciating break off of the top portion of her hip moved back into place.  Under Raine’s ministrations they extended fibrous fingers of bone and marrow to become whole where they had been unnaturally separated.
Her femur was next, a compound fracture that healed rather quickly despite its severity where the bone had been broken completely in two, the lower half protruding from beneath the muscle and skin.  The torn flesh knitted together in tandem with the bone, which under normal circumstances and even without the hip injury would’ve given her a life-long limp.
That left the right side of her body, which was horribly bruised but was relatively easy to heal as none of the bruises were so deep as to require extensive focus to mend.  The left side of her body was the one that had borne the crushing weight of impact and that side had already been healed to the extent of all but the various bruises that mottled her skin here and there.  The undertones in her cheeks had once again become rosy though her face was still marred by fatigue and her eyelashes fluttered slightly as she began to regain consciousness.
Raine once again became aware of the hush around them.  They had forgotten about the cold and most had stopped shivering.  Everyone stood aimlessly around, mouths agape in astonishment and trepidation.  They would fear him now that it was all over but fear was something he had gotten used to when he was young.  His mind turned to one thought; it was over.  With it came a deep, listless exhaustion, a telltale effect of the energy required to heal the doctor.
Baxter Cates looked at the sky and the heavily laden blue-gray clouds above him and cursed under his breath.  The mid-April weather really had gone wildly awry, he thought with an inward grimace.  The unpredictable quality of the season had made travel hazardous and he was in the type of hurry that road conditions simply didn’t permit.  
Yet here he was trying to track down Vince and Leo as neither had called or sent a report, which in turn made him wonder what had been happening.  It wasn’t like Vince, his formerly star field agent to go rogue and not to report, and it was a foregone conclusion that the rookie would do everything by the book simply because he was a rookie.
The only clue that Baxter had gotten about their whereabouts was the report from Luther who had been watching all the action from a discreet distance from day one.  His briefing had detailed a trip to Colorado Springs, something that Baxter didn’t particularly wonder about since Selby lived there and he had been informed that Sierra and Raine had met.  
Damn…He thought…wasn’t supposed to happen like this.
It had been something that he and all the field agents had really tried to prevent.  Alone, unassisted and unallied Raine would never have been able to figure out what was going on, especially without the vital clues that Sierra could give him.  But together they could quite effortlessly piece together the puzzle and learn what he most dearly didn’t want them to know.
He hadn’t wanted Raine to rediscover himself.  The man was dangerous with all his memories and the full power of his consciousness intact and working in marvelous sequence.  He could do things that no one else could and even the doctors who had studied him couldn’t completely understand it.  
Raine had always been a complete enigma to Baxter.  At RevTech They’d studied him endlessly, trying to figure out exactly what he was capable of simply because they were never really sure.  
Each time throughout the course of his monitored childhood as they had continued to adjust to his growing and developing powers, he’d seemingly from out of nowhere always produced another daring talent which frightened an fascinated them.  That coupled with his genius IQ, a chart topping 197 had made him a creative and interesting case subject who had grown into a most worthy adversary, for lack of a better description.  
That was exactly what Raine was to Baxter right now, a nemesis.  Baxter conversely hated and was exhilarated by his role of hunter.  They had been chasing him doggedly for the last days; ever since the morning he had gone into his yard and removed the camera equipment that they had placed there to watch him.
That had been one of the things that had truly taken Baxter by surprise.  They had spent hours setting those cameras up perfectly.  All the cables and cords had been exceptionally frustrating when they’d had to try to figure out where to put them and trying to conceal them had been a challenge.  They’d all had to be wired off the property to be unobtrusive and inconspicuous.  He hadn’t wanted Raine to mow the lawn and discover or sever the cables.  Therefore they all had to be wired through the telephone and electrical lines or buried underground.
Now all their carefully laid plans for the last three years were falling apart before Baxter’s eyes.
Facing the unknown was always the most frightening hurdle.  Baxter had relied upon that to force Raine into fleeing from his past and leaving it buried.  
The best psychologist in the field, Dr. James Worthington had seen to that.  He had been easily made to understand what his role and his reward would be.  The suitcase that Baxter had set in front of him contained enough money to make the even the rather affluent doctors’ cold amber eyes widen in shock.  He had licked his lips and agreed very quickly, repulsing Baxter with his greed.  A man after his own heart Baxter had thought somewhat distantly and had shuddered to think of himself in that way.
Money had power all its own and could get things done very quickly and Baxter had no more been in the mood to bargain then than he was now.  Raine’d had to be rewritten three years ago and now he had to disappear for good.  It had not been an easy decision to make, getting rid of Raine.  He was the most important discovery for centuries and that was all about to be silenced permanently this time.
There really was no other option.  The man was getting far too dangerous for Baxter’s peace of mind.  He knew things that were best kept quiet and the in-born noble streak that he had shown from the time he was young would compel him to make those secrets known.  There were things that the public didn’t know about and that was the way it should stay.  Raine would not understand that and it was important that Baxter not try to bargain with fate.  Experience was the best teacher and trying to negotiate with destiny often landed one in very deep water.  
Raine was not natural, he told himself.  The boy was different in a weird way.  The world simply wasn’t ready for him yet in Baxter’s estimation and he had reached the conclusion long ago that his way of thinking was all that mattered.  He was going to make sure that the masses were not blindsided with something they wouldn’t understand or particularly accept.
Baxter began to see his self in a new light; the world’s guardian angel, protective father, loving guide.  He wasn’t the faceless specter who stole new and daring life.  He was the gentle doctor who was going to rid the world of a dark, dangerous infection.  He was on a mission of mercy to save.
It was with that thought that Baxter sped up a little more on his way to find Vince and Leo, pushing the luxury sedan to go just a little faster despite the errant weather, determined to get things done right this time.

Luther watched Vince and Leo from the shadows of the trees.  Vince still showed the cunning that Luther had grown to respect and hate over the years they’d worked together.  They had worked closely on several projects in their early days as field agents and had learned each other well through teamwork and Luther had once regarded Vince as a friend.
That was where it all ended.  Vince had become Baxter’s best agent through his talent for subterfuge.  As Luther had gradually become more disenchanted with the work he did, Vince had become more embroiled.  Luther had begun to see that what he did wasn’t necessarily wrong but it also wasn’t really right either.  
He hadn’t been very good as a field agent so had been allowed to go into surveillance.  It was not so much a job that he enjoyed.  Being the one to watch was rather boring but he couldn’t stomach the thought of innocent blood on his hands but by then he was in too deep to back out with his life.
Now he saw what Vince had planned and his stomach lurched sickeningly with the idea of just what it was the man was capable of.  It simply wasn’t right, what they did to Raine.  He had no choice about the way he was, he was born like that.  The man was odd in many ways but they were little oddities that really didn’t make him any less human, just special.
They treated him like an object of scrutiny.  Somehow, it seemed to Luther that Vince and Baxter thought it was their right to study Raine as if he were an animal.
Luther had not agreed with this case from the moment he’d been briefed on it but his assignment had been a relatively simple one; he was to monitor Sierra and the children and to keep blinders on them.  He had succeeded for a while and they had known nothing for long enough to make him relax his guard.  Then, Baxter had called him out of the blue and demanded that he get closer, leaving everything else for Luther to figure out.
That was when he’d approached Sierra, having decided that dating her would be the best way to accomplish that goal.  She was a thoroughly endearing woman as well.  Her love of life even in the face of her husband’s death had been an electric change.  
She was a refreshing breath of air in an age when women took pride and feminism to dangerous extremes.  Her eyes had smiled into his and she was fascinating company, a delightful conversationalist.  She was well read, experienced without being urbane and dedicated as a mother.  Her opinions of child rearing had been wonderfully old fashioned without being archaic and she studiously nurtured the twins, who blossomed under her care even without the presence of their father.
Even Luther had to admit that he’d become too involved with her, trying not to fall hopelessly in love had been the hardest part of his assignment.  He’d done his best to keep his distance.  That had become more difficult each time he had taken her out, every time he had seen her glowing smile and sparkling eyes.  A man could get lost in those eyes of hers and her delicate, exotic beauty.
When she informed him that she had decided to take the trip to Colorado Springs he’d had to studiously mask his panic.  She would be far too close to Raine for any kind of comfort and he was sure that Baxter wouldn’t like it.  He had tried to stop her but her mind had been made up, he had seen it in the stubborn set of her jaw and the determination in her eyes and nothing he said or did would convince her otherwise.  It had been then that out of ideas that he had taken refuge in chauvinism.  He’d heard himself forbid her to get on that plane.  
It hadn’t worked.  She had looked at him like a snake slithering around in the grass.  Her eyes had become shuttered and distant and he had begun to feel an inward battle rage out of control.  He’d made a serious mistake and he knew it.  Aside from berating himself inwardly there was really nothing he could have done and so he had not stayed around, keeping his distance for a while.
That was when he’d gotten the call to come to Denver.  It seemed that Raine had been discovering things and his memory and powers were repairing themselves.  This was something that they’d known was going to happen but they’d never expected it to happen so soon.  
RevTech agents had always believed Dr. Worthington when he said that they’d begin to notice the small signs of his repairing subconscious well before he became dangerous.  He had reiterated time and again that they’d have plenty of time to get Raine to the lab for a rework and they’d seen no reason to distrust him.
He’d been woefully wrong.  By the time that they’d begun to realize that Raine was getting better, he’d been well on his way to a full recovery and searching for answers that he shouldn’t even know anything about.  His symptoms had compelled Raine to seek his doctor, Clifford Maxwell who had in turn referred him to Lynn Calloway.  
That was when events had taken a drastic turn in Raine’s favor.  He’d begun to elude them with frightening ease and uncharacteristic unpredictability, taking one turn and treading onto far more dangerous ground when they truly anticipated that he would take another.  Luther had almost felt the urge to begin laughing insanely when he realized that Raine, though he didn’t know it yet was running from them and getting away so easily simply because he was so much more intelligent than they were.  He was by far superior in both cunning and wit, creativity was a natural strength and he used it with an ease that had begun to set Baxter on edge.
Luther had never seen the man so agitated.  Lately Baxter had started to fidget like a small child, gesturing and fluttering about like a small bird.  It was an image in diametric opposite to the smooth, cultivated persona for which Baxter was known and several of the RevTech employees had begun to regard him with amusement behind his back.
Luther found that he liked the changes and quite suddenly he got an idea.  Given careful planning and perfect timing it could lead not only to Baxter’s downfall but also to the out that Luther had so badly needed for so long.  Turning his eyes from the scene before him he slipped quietly away to find his car and set his own plan into action, feeling better and more confident about himself than he had in a long time.
For the first time in months as he left an unfolding drama that made him grit his teeth in rage, he found himself smiling in anticipation.  Watching did have its advantages after all.
Lynn Calloway opened bleary, unfocused eyes only to shut them again in an effort to steady her vision.  Confusion furrowed her brow between closed eyelids.  The last thing she remembered was seeing the van out of the corner of her eye that had plowed into the passenger side of her car and the jar of impact.  Beyond that there was nothing more than a blank, fathomless void.  A bitter wind caressed her face and she could only figure that she hadn’t been taken to the hospital yet.
She braced herself for the waves of pain that she should be feeling because of the accident.  The agony never came and she wondered about it while a concerned voice spoke above her.
“Are you alright, Lynn?” She recognized that voice, she thought half dreamily and her eyes opened slowly to meet Raine’s.
“I don’t feel any pain.  I should be hurting right now shouldn’t I?” She asked mystified.
“I would hope not, I did everything I could to make sure you weren’t,” He answered.
“I don’t understand.  What are you talking about?” She asked him softly.
“Soon enough, I’ll tell you later.  Right now we have to get you out of here,” He replied, and that was when she looked around at what should have been a fatal car accident.  
Several people stood around with emotions on their faces ranging from shock to awe to fear and just plain stupefaction.  The cold had been forgotten though many of them shivered in the unforgiving wind.  Emergency personnel had stopped tending the injured from the van and now stood stock still with mouths agape and eyes wide.  
The medical examiner was there which told her that there’d been fatalities.  She should’ve been one of them.  He gazed at them, stunned, fascinated and unable to look away.  Two body bags were placed somberly on stretchers with their heaping, lifeless contents forgotten in the face of what was probably a far more interesting spectacle.  The van that had struck her car was nowhere in sight and the silence was deafening.  The ashen faces of the occupants of the other vehicle looked first from her to Raine and then back again uncertainly.
Something had happened just now, she could feel it.  She had the idea that it came from Raine but she couldn’t seem to understand just what.  She moved carefully, turning in her seat and trying to gain insight by looking at her surroundings but the swirling clouds of snow kept their silence and she knew then that she would have to wait for an explanation.  She should be used to that given the events of the last couple of days, but she found herself carefully swallowing her impatience and doing as Raine told her.
Reaching over to unbuckle her seatbelt, she carefully got out of the driver’s seat of her now crumpled car.  Accepting Raine’s hand, she climbed gingerly over the windshield and down the hood of the vehicle.  Her eyes surveyed the damage, feeling strangely disconnected from shock and a kind of blessed numbness.
From here, she could see the van that had hit her car and she shuddered instinctively when she thought of just what it had done; a situation she shouldn’t have survived.  Her sporty, light little vehicle had been hopelessly mangled.  The frame was bent, buckled in countless places; the only spot that had not been crushed beyond recognition had been the driver’s seat where she had been sitting.  
The front end of the car just barely in front of the place where her feet had been was wrapped around the trunk of a large old oak which, had it been just a little to the right would have crushed her feet and legs on impact.  The roof of the car looked as though it had been cut and bent back, the windshield was a web work of cracks bent sickeningly outward from the inside of the car.  
There was blood on a spot on the nearly shattered driver’s side window as there seemed to be everywhere on the interior, which must have been where her head had struck.  Her fingers gently touched her left temple, probing softly for concavities in her skull that should’ve been there but weren’t.  
Her shoulder and hip had been firmly meshed against the door when she had come to but they protested nothing when she stood and stretched.  They weren’t even stiff from time spent motionless.  There were no aches or pains from bumps or bruising and though there were discolored patches here and there on her skin, none of them were severe or painful.  Even victims of minor collisions tended to complain about stiffness of the neck from whiplash that was in this case conspicuously absent.  
She needed to know what had happened here when she’d been unconscious and she wanted to know now.  But Raine had promised her answers later and she swallowed her questions patiently.
She glanced at Raine then and was startled to see the strain on his features.  His eyes were dark with fatigue, lackluster with exhaustion and beneath his coat and jeans his body trembled.  She knew that it wasn’t the cold that made him shake, his lips were a healthy rose color, not blue with cold and his teeth did not chatter.  He was right; they needed to get out of here, to get some place that he could relax and she would be able to recoup.  
His gaze traveled listlessly over the bystanders who had begun to point at him and murmur excitedly amongst themselves.  His brow furrowed though whether it was from frustration or bewilderment she couldn’t be sure.  He was being watched like an oddity, a freak of nature.  In his position in reflection and retrospect, she would probably feel the same way and would take steps to avoid this.
Lynn touched his arm gently to gain his attention and when his gaze snapped back and focused on hers she told him softly, “I would like to leave now.”
He nodded curtly, her only clue that he had even acknowledged her statement and then he turned to go.
They were delayed by one of the EMT’s who had overcome his perturbed silence well enough to approach them and request rather timidly that she be first checked for her health.  She saw no reason to, feeling healthier than she truly had in years.  She was on the verge of telling the young man just that when Raine nudged her toward one of the ambulances and agreed that she should receive medical care quickly.
The medic, a stocky, middle aged man with dull brown eyes and dark chestnut hair liberally shot through with silver, led her to the only place in the area outside the watchful stares of the gathered crowd.  They were a tenacious lot who, even after the show was over still refused to leave.  How annoying.
The medic helped her into the rear of the ambulance and covered her with a blanket to ward off the chill.  She had left her coat at home when she had fled and had been exposed to the harsh wind for too long and she was grateful for the cover.
He checked her vitals quickly; taking refuge in efficiency and the routine of his work.  He regarded her warily as he did so, like a frightened deer.  His tension was palpable and his alarm was patently obvious.  She found herself swallowing half a dozen sarcastic comments so she wouldn’t take her upset out on one who didn’t deserve it.  
He asked her how she was feeling as he checked her pulse and took her temperature, skittishly avoiding meeting her gaze with tired eyes.  They showed his perplexity.  He couldn’t explain why she should be dead and still sat before him healthy as ever.  
His checkup was pointless and judging by his look, he knew it but he finally pronounced that she was in robust health and he saw no reason to keep her.  She almost jumped up from the steel ambulance seat, unbelievably anxious to leave and fidgety.  Forcing a wooden smile and extending her hand for him to shake, she thanked him for his time and turned, beating a hasty retreat.
When she stepped out of the ambulance again and into the bitter cold, she looked around for Raine who stood alone and quiet, surrounded by people who stared rudely at him.  His face showed that he was distinctly uncomfortable; feeling conspicuous when what he most wanted was to fade into the background.  His gaze met hers and she jerked her head slightly in the direction of the road beyond the spectators, watching him meet her gaze and then nod slowly once in understanding.
She turned away from the watchful looks and followed him as he left, her lips pulled into a sneer of cold contempt when she saw the crowd backing cautiously away from him.  They gave a wide path as he passed, all watchful and none discreet.  He was walking with his front turned only partially toward her, presenting her in a large part with his back so that she almost didn’t notice the way that he winced slightly.
She felt righteous indignation at their lack of regard.  He had saved her life and she knew it.  The group of people treated him to the kind of rude scrutiny of a circus freak.  Quite suddenly she found that she was sick of the way that Raine was judged by people who hadn’t taken the time to know him but found it quite all right to treat him with cold distaste or acid revulsion.
She picked up her pace to catch up to him but stopped when she felt the touch on her right arm and turned to face the woman who’d gripped her, trying to stop her progress.
The woman looked about thirty with black hair and curious green-gold eyes.  She faced Lynn with a decidedly nervous stance and, looking as though she tried to carefully choose her words which nevertheless came out blunt and unseemly, asked her, “You’re really going to go with him?”
Lynn clenched her jaw and her smile turned as cold as the chill in her eyes when she replied, “He saved my life and also happens to be a personal friend of mine.  Can’t you see how valuable, how truly precious he is or are you all blinded by your own cowardice?” And with that she jerked her arm out of the woman’s grip and turned away, leaving the crowd to wonder about her sanity.

Raine knew that he should be feeling better.  Lynn was going to be okay, having escaped the car accident without as much as a scar with his help and obviously out of harm’s way.  He should be jumping for joy, giddily happy and marvelously carefree.  He simply couldn’t control the panicky, fluttering feeling in his chest as if the earth waited with bated breath, eerily still.
Frustration mounted and his heart began to pound a rapid beat.  He looked over at Lynn, perhaps because he wanted to reconfirm that she was still safely out of danger.  She sat in the passenger seat of his car looking out at the passing scenery.  Her face was serene and a smile played on the corners of her lips.  His senses, now acutely attuned to hers by the connection he had established told him that she reveled in the simple joy of life.  Her rosy cheeks and smiling demeanor suggested that she was more than okay; they told him that she felt better than she had in years.  There was no reason to be upset or even afraid.  Everything was going to be fine.
Then why did he have the feeling that something was terribly wrong?  Where did this vague uneasiness come from and why wouldn’t it leave him be?  Percipience told him that he should be deeply alarmed because the worst was far from over and that something shrouded in the sinister secrecy was crouched and waiting.  It was something he knew he should fear, if not for his own sake than for the sakes of those who were caught up in this whirlwind with him.  Lynn, Sierra and the twins…
Raine frowned in consternation and the pull of his subconscious became stronger and more unforgiving.  Sierra and the twins…
His heart lurched painfully in morbid reaction to the danger that crept up from all sides and an instinctive terror overcame him.  Without conscious thought or even an explainable reason he gave the SUV more gas, sending the vehicle hurtling through the weather at dangerous velocity.  He had to be overreacting, he told himself sternly.  There could be nothing wrong.  It was just his imagination working dangerously and feverishly overtime.  No matter how he tried to dismiss the nagging feeling as just that, it refused to leave him at rest.
Sierra and the twins were in danger.  The thought made his heart pound worse.  The feeling of impending disaster wouldn’t leave him alone.  He drove the SUV even more recklessly through swirling clouds of blowing snow, the engine complaining with a dull whine as he pushed the vehicle as fast as he dared.  A few more minutes and he would be back at Selby’s where he could pull his family close again and protect them.  Just a few more minutes and he would know for himself that all was well.
He saw the bend in the road that led to the house and had to brake carefully for the dangerous curve.  He silently cursed even the small delay and controlled the SUV as it nearly skidded off the road.  He heard the quick gasp in the seat next to him and thought about reaching out to comfort Lynn.  She had to be terrified but there was no time right now; he had to get to Selby’s as fast as the car would take him.
One minute more and he would be there.  He saw the house up ahead with the kitchen windows glowing invitingly.  Slow down for the turn into the driveway.  Time was running out far too quickly.  Raine’s hands were shaking and sweaty on the wheel of the car and he had to concentrate with all his might to keep from sending it sliding into the ditch.  
He saw Lynn out of the corner of his eye.  Her face was ashen where bare moments ago it had been glowing with health.  She had just been in a petrifying collision and he could imagine the thoughts that coursed through her mind.  She probably expected to be in another car accident before five minutes were out.
No time to worry about that now, his family needed him.
He hit the brake at the door to the house, the SUV pulling to a jarring stop.  He put the car in park and left the engine running, unbuckling his seatbelt, opening the door and stumbling out of the vehicle.  He hit the ground on his knees and lurched into a standing position, running around the SUV and throwing open the door to the house.
He looked around the front hall warily; half expecting to hear the sounds of the television and the noise of women socializing in the kitchen telling him that his fears were groundless.  What greeted him however, were the sounds of all-encompassing, tomblike silence.  The house was deserted, quiet and still.
Raine hit his knees and with the black rage that rose within him, shouted to the heavens in his agony.  A deafening, wordless roar came from deep within him, rattling the windows and frightening the few winter dwelling birds from the topmost branches of the trees outside.  An excruciating, endless sense of futility welled up inside him.  Hopelessness brought with it a sickening pain in his stomach as if something tried to disembowel him with sadistic intent.
He had arrived too late.
If Vince was startled by Baxter’s abrupt arrival he didn’t show it and neither of them wasted time on conversation where none was necessary.  Vince simply nodded in greeting and then jerked his head quickly in the direction he had come so that Baxter could follow.  They walked in what could have been companionable silence but for the nervous tension in the air around them.  Finding their way through a series of deserted, musty hallways Vince stopped at one of the doors and unlocked it, pulling it open and cringing when it swung outward with a torturous creak of rusty hinges.
There were no windows in this room and the lights were long since burned out, casting the small area in almost complete darkness except for the light that filtered through from the hallway.  Baxter squinted into the shadows, barely able to discern the lumpy forms that huddled in the corner farthest from the doorway.  
Baxter made his way into the room, watching as the weak light from outside illuminated dust motes floating aimlessly about.  He choked on the stale smell of the air and the dirt that layered the floor.
One of the shadows in the corner stirred at the noise and Sierra lifted her head.  Wincing in the sudden glare of the light that spilled through the cracks in the door, she struggled to stand.  Baxter watched in fascination as she stepped forward and placed herself between him and the twins, an endearingly sacrificial and motherly trait.  He might have laughed at the gesture as futile as it was but she raised her head to regard him then and stared directly into his eyes, motionless and unblinking.  
The fury in her eyes stopped him and Baxter saw her in a new light.  She hated him and he could not mistake it.  Her eyes flashed and her lips curled into a sneer when she looked him from head to toe and he knew she held him in contempt.
He expected no less from her.  She loved her husband with deep and abiding feelings.  Baxter was sure of it.  He would therefore consider it only logical that Sierra would despise him in the face of this.  He hadn’t been party to it from the beginning but the actions of his employees reflected on him and he would shoulder the responsibility either way it went.
The idea of making orphans out of the twins flitted through his head and he didn’t immediately discard it.  For a fleeting instant he thought dreamily of making her grovel.  The idea held an appeal all its own.
Vince and Leo were the ones who had absconded with Sierra and the twins and it was fitting that everything should be left to them and it was precisely what he planned to do.  Though he didn’t necessarily approve of the avenue that they’d taken he also didn’t discourage it.  He knew that it was the most likely way for them to get exactly what they wanted because there was their most damning problem.
They needed Raine out in the open.  They needed to be able to eliminate the threat but first they had to capture him to be rid of him because he had outwitted them on every other path.  Heretofore he had escaped by nothing more than coincidence and sheer dumb luck as best Baxter could tell.
Now they held the trump card.  They held the one thing that they all knew beyond a shadow of a doubt would bring Raine to his knees.  They held his family.
He was startled by Sierra’s voice the combative silence shattered when she asked him, “What do you want?”
His answer was just as straightforward, “We want Raine.  And you my dear are going to bring him to us.”
“Why?” She countered coldly.
“He’s a danger to us and he needs to be gotten rid of and you’re going to help,” Baxter answered, watching her eyes first widen in fright and then shut down completely.
“It won’t work,” She told him flatly, “He hasn’t had the time to get to know us again much less love us enough to sacrifice his self for us.”
“My congratulations, you can look me right in the eyes and lie to me without even blushing.” Baxter said with a short, mocking bow, “I don’t agree.  He’ll come after you.”
“What would make you think that?” Sierra asked, politely curious.
“I’m surprised that you don’t know,” Baxter replied. “You’re his family.  What man who could call himself a man would turn his back on his own flesh and blood?”
Some of the calm determination went out of her and her shoulders slumped slightly.  Then she caught herself and raised her chin a notch to regard him coolly. “You’re mistaken,” She told him.
He reached out to touch her cheek and it caused her to jerk away in revulsion, a rejection that he felt so keenly that he raised his hand to strike her.  She flinched instinctively, cringed in reaction and then the sound of her gritting her teeth reached his ears.  Even now she struggled for control of herself and of her situation.  She would not let her fear get the better of her and he knew she would not cower.
“We’ll see who’s right and who’s wrong soon enough,” He told her off handedly. “In the meantime so long as you do as you’re told you’ll come to no harm.”
“What reasons do I have to trust you?” Her voice, tight and high pitched with tension and anxiety came out in the form of a rude snarl that matched the narrowing of her eyes.
Her contempt pushed him past the bounds of reason and in a single swift maneuver his fist snaked out.  Baxter watched with satisfaction as Sierra stumbled backwards and crumpled to the floor near his feet with the blow that she never saw coming.  
He brushed his knuckles with a lover-like caress, a gentle massage to ease the pain that he had put there when his fist had connected with her delicate cheek.  Smiling a freezing smile at her now unconscious form laying prone on the floor next to the twins, he sneered softly and told her, though he knew she couldn’t hear, “You don’t.”
Then he turned to look at the twins who had woken and started crying softly when they heard the dull thud of their mother hitting the floor.  Turning to regard their mother lying prone on the cold tile, Baxter nodded in her direction and said to them, “Let that be a lesson to you.”
With those final words he turned and walked into the mellow glow from the hallway which was unrelentingly, dazzlingly bright to eyes accustomed to the darkness.  Signaling Vince to shut and lock the door behind him he smiled a dark, grim smile and walked away.  Baxter had accomplished what he had set out to do; Sierra would now be subdued if not cowed completely at what was no longer an implied threat but a promise.  He felt serenely indifferent.

Raine, felt a dreadful, stinging pain on the left side of his face followed immediately by a pounding headache.  Something had happened to Sierra.  He knew it, he could feel it.  He paled in terrified reaction and Dr. Lynn saw his face become ashen so quickly after having regained his color from the blow dealt with the loss of his wife and children.  It was on the tip of her tongue to ask him what was wrong when his eyes became vague, glassy and distant and he collapsed at her feet, unconscious.

Raine was trapped in the car, buried beneath murky waves.  The freezing water had reached his chest and though he strained with all the muscle he possessed, he could not open the doors.  The water pressure outside the car was greater than the pressure inside it.  This was going be his grave.
The water rose to his neck, the frigid gurgle echoing hollowly in what was left of the air in the cab of the vehicle.  His muscles threatened to seize with the freezing temperatures and he began to take deep breaths, trying not to panic, hoping against all hope that in the end he would be granted a reprieve that would keep him alive.
His jaw clenched as the water slid icy, sinuous fingers upward to caress his upper lip and he lifted his chin, his heart pounding with panic.
An image of Sierra flitted through his mind along with her tender parting warning to be careful.  He would never again see her smile or touch her face.  The thought made his heart break as with a final, desperate inhalation he felt the water close over his face, trapping him securely in a merciless embrace.
He thought of the twins, who would grow up without the father they needed as much as their mother.  He remembered their baby faces and curly black hair, their rosy cheeks and cute little dimpled smiles.  The three of them had been his reason for living, the one part of his heart no one could ever take away from him or erase from existence.  Would they miss him or even remember him as young as they were?
His lungs bursting with the need for air, struggling with the panic and rage that he felt at his own carelessness, blackness rose up to greet him.  His body surrendered because it could no longer fight the painful pull or the need for air.  
With a final prayer for forgiveness to those who would never know, he released the air from lungs on fire.  Letting the blackness close up on him he gave in, finding himself swept away on watery death.  No longer willing to combat fate, he sought refuge in oblivion from the pain that burned in his lungs and throat.  Closing his eyes he breathed of the murky, night-blackened water.
Raine knew no more.

The hollow, water muffled sound of tortured metal reached Raine’s ears and opening his eyes, he began to struggle.
His nostrils burned and his sinus screamed for a release he couldn’t give.  His throat felt tight, swollen and misshapen on either side of his Adam’s apple.  He tried to swallow past the painful lump sitting in his neck like a lead weight but he discovered that just like the swelling restrict movement of his head in either direction, it also made swallowing impossible.
His lungs strained painfully with each breath he took.  He didn’t understand why at first until he realized very distantly that he was breathing the water.  It was so hard to draw a breath.  The strain caused his already burning chest to constrict painfully like a tightening vise and just like the vise the agony would not relent.
Burning, tingling, excruciating pinpoints of icy water flowed remorselessly over his skin and his muscles contracted, fighting the pain.  His insides felt like they were on fire, feverish and heated.  He wondered dimly for a moment how he was still alive, he should’ve been dead as of the moment that he had breathed in the water.
Drawing oxygen into his body was an endeavor of fortitude, the pressure nearly too much to withstand with the weight of the water closing in on him from every angle.  He would not last long like this he knew.  By what miracle it was that he still lived he had no idea; he only knew that trying to draw breath was as difficult as if he tried to inhale through gelatin and he was beginning to feel like an asthmatic in the throes of attack.  Rage welled within him because to delay the inevitable only drew out his suffering.
The shriek of rent steel turned his attention though not his head to his left and the door of the car was wrenched open.  A black clad arm reached around him and unbuckled his seat belt then grabbed his arm in a none-too-gentle grip and pulled him from the vehicle.  Raine wondered for a moment, distantly and stupidly why he’d never unbuckled his seatbelt.   
They swam toward the surface, Raine largely helped by a wet suit wearing someone who for reasons as yet unknown had chosen to save him.  Feebly kicking nearly useless legs in an effort to pull his own weight, they broke the black surface of the water and swam toward the shore of the river where he should have died.
When they reached the bank several hands reached for both of them and he was pulled from the icy river, falling to the ground and letting the water drain from his lungs.  Trying to lift himself to his hands and knees, he vomited.  Convulsions rocked him as he threw up great gushes of a putrid tasting greenish substance that seemed like bile but came out from lips blue with cold.
Complete silence descended between Raine and his companion broken only by the retching that came from deep within him.  The stillness around him was of deepest dusk and none of the usual creatures of the night emitted their mournful call into the crisp air.  Velvet blackness folded in on him with gentle pressure.  The people he could sense around him said nothing to him or each other.
When he had finished vomiting he tried to still quaking limbs and look around.  The group of people who surrounded Raine and the diver were all black clad.  With emotionless features hidden by black ski masks and distant eyes, hands grabbed him and bound his hands and feet, dumping him unceremoniously into the rear of a black van.
Exhausted and disheartened, Raine tried to relax as well as could be expected next to the rocking of the van and the painful pressure it put on his hands tied behind his back.  Whoever these people were, they weren’t here to help; they simply wanted something out of him and were determined to get it at all costs.
“You’ve given us a great deal of trouble you know,” The voice, cold and ruthless, broke through his haze and his head jerked around to locate it.
There was a man who was in the rear of the van with him and though he too was dressed all in black his head was uncovered and Raine looked into cold gray and blue eyes, sure that he had seen them somewhere before.
“No worries, you won’t give us any more problems,” The man stated.  And then rammed a hypodermic needle into Raine’s arm, watching in fascination and amusement as oblivion claimed him…

Raine’s eyelids opened and he looked at Lynn Calloway, whose face was lined with worry.  He tried to reassure her but the words would not be forced past the constriction in his throat.  He was surrounded by cozy warmth, piled under blankets on Selby’s living room sofa.
What had happened?  The question haunted him and raised worries he couldn’t understand and didn’t want to.  Something had happened with Sierra; the left side of his face still stung.  Rage and fear suffocated him and his eyes skated away from the apprehension in Lynn’s.
There should be no reason to worry; if Sierra had not stumbled haphazardly into his life there would be no fear and that he had placed them in such peril whispered of his selfishness.  He should’ve brought Sierra and the twins to Selby’s house and then left them here where they would be safe.  He should’ve left to combat his enemies and that he hadn’t caused his conscience to rear up with a vengeance.  It screamed at him that he’d put them in the middle of life threatening danger and then left them there to toil with the unknown.
He clenched his jaw to control himself, an effort that nearly drained his strength.  The walls of the house shuddered in sympathy.  He had to stop and he knew it.  Once he let it loose he wasn’t sure that he would be capable of bringing it under control.  It was a sobering thought.
Still one question remained.  Where were Sierra and the kids?  How could he find them if he didn’t know where to look?  The questions hounded at him and beat at his brain and he clapped his hands to the side of his head, trying to gather the fraying ends of his self-control.
The insistent pounding at the front door came at the same instant that from down the hall in the closet there was a dull thud like someone falling.
Raine would not allow Lynn to answer the front door.  For safety’s sake he asked her to check the hall closet for the other noise.  He hurried to answer the pounding on the front door where some insistent someone still beat their fist but which had now escalated to a desperate crash that shook the wall and threatened to tear the door loose from its hinges.  He made no attempt to cover his irritation when he opened the door to face a man he’d never laid eyes on before.
He was a man in his late twenties or early thirties if Raine had to make a snap judgment.  With neatly trimmed, flaming red hair and green eyes he looked like a Scottish warrior.  Whatever he was though, the man could never be called classically handsome.  He was rather more rugged with a leathery, ruddy, well-tanned complexion that more matched a life spent in a coastal state like California rather than the fierce cold of a Colorado winter.  
He had the qualities of a fearsome half bull, half man being large and muscular.  Standing at an intimidating six and a half feet or so he towered above Raine by several inches, forcing Raine for the first time in his life to crane his neck to meet the man’s gaze.  
He also gave the impression of being largely uncomfortable, if the way he looked like he’d been stuffed into the business suit that he wore was any indication.  Dragged kicking and screaming would seem more apt, especially with the way it was stretched taught over broad shoulders and barrel chest.  The tie that he wore looked for the entire world like it choked him over his thick neck with his pristine shirt buttoned all the way up.
Raine took a moment to wonder fleetingly if the old saying was true; something about the biggest bear of a man being the most gentle of creatures with the softest heart.  He found himself devoutly hoping that was the case.  If he had ever been the type to be afraid of a person on first glance, Raine would have been trembling and wetting his pants in short order when he clapped eyes on this man.  Fortunately Raine had only ever been afraid of one person in his life and he knew on a level that he was only beginning to understand that he’d always been restrained in the presence of the doctor with the cold amber eyes.
So when the man held out one large, beefy hand and said to Raine in the deepest bass Raine had ever heard in his life, “I’m Luther, I dated your wife when she thought you were dead.”  Raine accepted the proffered handshake with raised eyebrows and a mildly curious look.
“You didn’t sleep with her did you?” Was all Raine asked the strange man.  When Luther shook his head in amused silence Raine unbent enough to crack a wayward smile and told him, “Good, which means I won’t have to beat the hell out of you, I’m Raine.”
Luther’s eyes widened for a moment in utter disbelief and then began to twinkle merrily, an answering grin pulling at the corners of his mouth.  “I’m positively trembling in fear,” He said.
“Is there something I can do for you?” Raine asked Luther, wondering about the as yet unexplained purpose for the man’s unannounced visit.
“I came to help you get your family back,” Luther replied.
Raine needed no further urging.  Without so much as another word he stood back and opened the door wide, allowing Luther into the warm interior of the house.
Luther was in danger of hitting his head against the doorframe.  Raine noticed that the man had to duck when he came inside as he was taller than the door by a wide margin, a problem that Raine himself had had though not to the same degree as this giant.  Raine was only ever in danger of hitting the top of his head.  If Luther stood fully upright and tried to walk through the door he would be in danger of breaking his nose.  Luther stepped inside and Raine closed the door behind him, blocking out the icy winds that shrieked for entrance.  He then turned to confront Luther, ready to get down to the business of asking questions no one else would be able to answer.
His interrogation was forestalled by the arrival of Lynn.  She was assisting as well as struggling under the formidable weight of Selby, whose wan face and trembling hands told of terrors Raine preferred not to contemplate.  Raine found that he was both overjoyed and resentful and impossible to disguise as Selby recognized them both from a single, assessing glance at his face.
She shook her head at him in mild rebuke though her chin and lower lip trembled as tears filled her eyes and told him softly, “I wasn’t my fault they were taken and not me, my dear boy.  I don’t remember much and I’ve a lump on my head to prove it.”
Raine immediately felt guilty about it.  Stepping to her side he asked her in a low tone, “Where is the lump, Selby?  Does your head hurt badly?”
One trembling, surprisingly feminine hand reached up to guide his fingers to the spot where a large, nasty goose egg was nestled on the top of her skull, from the butt of a gun no doubt.  When his fingers found the spot, soft though his touch was he saw her wince and she sucked her breath in sharply, “There it is.  And yes my head hurts like hell,” She answered him tiredly.
He felt her pain beginning to pound behind his temples as he let his mind make the connection that he knew would heal her, “Try and relax, love.  This won’t hurt, I promise.” And then he opened up his mind and began to imagine the blood clot that lay just beneath the skin receding to nothing.  
The blood vessels that lined her skull had been broken open with the force of the blow and he thought of the crimson mass being reabsorbed into those blood vessels.  Then he thought of the veins and imagined each one repairing fiber by tiny fiber, flesh coming together to form the network that they’d been before she’d been struck.  The bruising on her skull was not so intricate an undertaking and was healed in short order, particularly in comparison to Lynn’s more extensive injuries.  
When Raine was done Selby opened her eyes to look at him in shock.  The pain that glazed her eyes was now absent though he was still utterly drained.  He was as he had been earlier, prepared to fall haphazardly into the nearest available chair and rest his own weary head in his quaking hands.
He denied himself that urge and instead looked to Luther, who had stood back and watched the entire scene unfolding with something akin to quiet awe.  Then he turned to Selby and Lynn, making introductions as only seemed fitting.
Selby gave Luther a quick once-over with her eyes and told him bluntly, “I’ve heard a great deal about you from Sierra, seems to me she likes larger men.”
To this Luther gave her a curious glance and a small wayward smile and glanced at Raine, replying, “I was thinking just about the same thing.”
“She didn’t quite know what to think about you though, seems you were a bit of a pig to her,” Selby added tactlessly.
“That I was,” Luther confirmed, flushing slightly under the rather direct attack from a woman who was about half his size.
“Forbidden to come see me?” She asked him, completely deadpan though one eyebrow rose in speculation.
“Just doing my job,” He answered her just as blandly.
“Would you mind clarifying that just a tad?” She asked politely, rather in contrast to her straightforward rebuke.
Luther sighed resignedly and motioned for Lynn and Raine to take seats.  Raine, trying to repress his feeling of foreboding at their rather cryptic conversation did as he was told and then waited.  The next admission was by far less surprising than he would have thought.
“I work for Revolutionary Technologies,” Luther began, somewhat hesitant at first but gaining courage with each word spoken.  His confession began to come out in a great torrent of words with each rushing for voice directly on the tail of the preceding and all filling in a blank void.
“We’re supposed to be a computer software company, the latest and greatest in computer games with a large involvement in charitable functions.  That’s not where we make our real profit or what our business is all about.  We have a large block of government funding each year that we set aside for medical research, the unusual or more extraordinary medical marvels to be exact.”  At this Luther looked directly at Raine who simply raised his eyebrows in an unspoken invitation for Luther to continue.
“We’ve been following Raine his whole life, even before I started to work for RevTech.  He’s one of those medical marvels, the one we’ve never been able to really explain or figure out which is probably why most of our government funding went into researching and housing him, that institution you stayed in when you were a kid.” Luther told Raine, watching his face closely for any sign of anger or shock.  When he found none a small, tense smile replaced the tightness of his features and the lines around his eyes relaxed somewhat.
When Luther spoke again, some of the depreciative rage had left his voice and his shoulders slumped a little in relief.  “It was when you escaped from the mental institution when you were seventeen that things started to get sticky from what I’ve heard.  You simply disappeared, though how you did was anyone’s guess and all the field agents Baxter had out looking for you couldn’t find anything.”
“It was pretty embarrassing from what I can gather,” Luther told them all with the shaky quality of his voice showing the amusement that he truly felt as he continued.  “Baxter, my boss, had all his best men out there looking and not a one of them could find you.  All the older agents, the ones that were in the field then told me about how pissed off he had been.  Heard all about how he was swearing a blue streak the whole time, mad enough to spit nails and eating downers like they were candy.  He just seemed to kind of come unglued, probably because his dad just died and their number one profit margin disappeared into thin air.  I know I’d have been freaking out too.”
“You were found eventually of course, and entirely by accident it seems.  One night Baxter went into a bar to get plastered like he always did by then and saw Sierra.  Must have really gotten hot for her because he went and asked to buy her a drink, he usually lets his women come to him.  Anyway, seems that he had just started to calm down about you going up in smoke and she got him all riled again when she turned him down flat.  Can’t say as I’d blame her really.”
With that comment Luther, who had been avoiding the other three pairs of eyes in the room, trying to appear absorbed in the décor of the kitchen perhaps, met Raine’s gaze directly.  With the slightest of hesitant pauses he continued.  
“Baxter decided to wait and see who it was that was so interesting to Sierra that she wouldn’t even talk to him, so he got a drink and waited.  I guess she forgot that he was even there so he felt okay watching her from the corner of the room.  I’d imagine that it was probably a pretty big surprise when you walked into the bar and he found out that you were the one Sierra waited for.  He tailed you two, biding his time I guess and waiting for the right moment.”
“When the two of you got married and then had kids we all thought it might have changed Baxter’s viewpoint or settled him down just a little though none of us were so lucky.  He almost seemed obsessed with getting you back where he wanted you, he couldn’t seem to leave it alone and just let you live.  It really started to bother me.  I mean, you may have been and still are different, but that’s no excuse for the way he acted all the time.  It was like a game of cat and mouse and he was hell bent on proving that he was the cat.” At this Luther shrugged and grimaced, showing that he didn’t really approve of Baxter’s approach and cared less for his boss’s point of view.
“It was when you went off that bridge and into the river that you gave him the perfect time.  He’d been waiting for years to get you with your guard down and he had the right moment then.  I was the diver who got you out of the car.  Anyway he caught you and took you to the labs where they just erased your memory and gave you a new one.  Then we put you in the most backwater town we could think of right in the middle of the mountains where we were sure no one would ever come sniffing around.”
It was then that Luther sighed heavily and seemed to get to the most difficult part of the story, “That was where I really came into the picture.  I was assigned to Sierra, to watch her and the twins and to make sure she didn’t know anything she shouldn’t.  It was easy enough at first at least; I only had to tail her pretty much all the time.  She’s always busy you know, never quits running.  It seems to me that with her if it’s not one thing it’s another.”
“Baxter wasn’t happy with that forever though.  He wanted to know from the inside what went on behind closed doors, and he told me I had to get closer.  The only way I could really do that was by doing exactly what I did when I asked her out.  She’s really such a nice person.  It was hard for me not to fall for her.  It got harder the closer I got to her and then to the twins.”
“She nearly had me wetting myself when she told me she had decided to come to Colorado, thought she had it all figured out and she hadn’t said a word to me about it.  Then she mentioned Selby and I was almost relieved until I got the message from the Sentries, which was what we called the agents who were looking after you Raine that told me that you were getting better far too fast to make any sense at all really.  I knew that if I let you and Sierra that close together something was bound to happen, so I did the only thing I could think of when I told her she was forbidden to come here.”
At this Luther laughed softly, looking at his fingers idly tracing the lace pattern in the tablecloth, “You should’ve seen the way she looked at me, almost like I had hair sprouting out of my ears or I’d grown an extra head or something.  She just stared at me like I was lower than low and told me that she had never asked me if she was allowed to go.  She said that if I didn’t like it I could leave her home.  I really panicked then, didn’t know what else to do short of binding and gagging her which was not something I was willing to let happen anyway.  I decided to take my chances, I left.”
“That was when I was called here to keep an eye out on you, Raine.  You couldn’t have had more pretty timing in my opinion.”
Luther shrugged a simple, nonchalant gesture that revealed far more than he probably would have liked and finished his story, “Anyway the two of you found each other and things started going haywire.  Baxter was pretty upset about that one too.  You weren’t ever supposed to see one another again from what I gather.”
“I tried to stop him when he put Vince to tailing you, he’s a heartless son of a bitch, but Baxter wouldn’t listen.  He’d made up his mind by then that he wanted you gone instead of being reprogrammed again, so he told Vince to do his worst and sent Leo along to help when Vince didn’t get it right the first time.  Then he sent me to tail all of you and report back to him.  I decided I wasn’t going to but Baxter doesn’t know that yet.  That’s pretty much all of it and that brings us up to this point.”
Luther took a deep breath then and exhaled slowly as if he fought for calm.  When he looked at Raine, there was a kind of pleading in his gaze as if he begged with his eyes for Raine to forgive him for what he had or hadn’t done.
Raine had to take a deep breath himself.  Suddenly unable to sit, he got up and walked around the table to where Luther sat in silence as if he waited for a kind of edict.  Raine reached out with his left hand in a gesture of friendship in diametric opposition to the rage that burned in him and Luther, with a telltale sigh of relief took his hand slowly.
It was then that Raine let his right fist fly.  He hit Luther square in the nose with a blow that caused blood to gush from his nostrils and the bridge to give with a satisfying snap.  Lynn and Selby both shrieked in startled amazement and then quieted abruptly at Raine’s quelling glance.  Luther looked at him for a moment in dumb surprise and then nodded slightly in a gesture of understanding.
“That was for the way you used my wife,” Raine told him, standing back for a moment and breathing hard in his anger.  Then he laid a hand on Luther’s shattered nose and healed it as quickly as he had broken it at first, “And that was for doing the right thing in helping me out.” Raine finished softly, standing immobile for a moment to allow Luther time to recover from his shock.
Luther stood slowly, looked down at the blood that spattered his shirtfront, then he looked at Raine and this time he offered his hand to shake, “I deserved that,” Luther said slowly, “I think I’ll take it like a man.”
Raine accepted it that time without pretense.  Then he turned and muttered more to himself than to anyone else, “Now all that’s left is to find them.”
“One of the men who took Sierra and the girls said something about the past,” Selby volunteered in a small, rather timid voice.
Raine turned to look at her a moment in confused speculation and replied in a dry, humorless voice, “That doesn’t tell me a whole lot, love.”
“Doesn’t it?” Luther asked him, his eyes and voice enigmatic, “It really should, you know.”
Raine went utterly still at those words, “What do you mean?” He asked of Luther, turning to face him, his eyes begging for truth.
“They want you to go looking into the past,” Luther volunteered steadily, grimacing slightly when Raine appeared completely clueless.  “They took your family to the hospital where you were raised.  It’s not far from here really.”
Raine had to concentrate to try and conceal a large portion of his surprise and worry.  Why had he not thought of that before?  It was fitting that they take his family into the past to determine the course of the future.  It was poetic irony really.
That was when he thought of May Beth and all the other residents at the institution where he had been raised.  He had learned how to handle them but his family hadn’t.  
Terror took him quickly.  The mentally unstable were locked into an asylum for a reason.  They were a danger to themselves or others and had proven it when they interacted with others.  Many of them were simply unable to handle or understand society and life in an institution was peaceful, routine and serene.  They didn’t particularly upset him but living with them was different than visiting under supervision.  Sierra and the twins would have no idea how to handle it.
Raine had to stop himself.  Trying to apply logic and rationality through his petrified haze, he thought about it. Vince had kidnapped his family and it would stand to reason then that he wouldn’t expose them to anyone else because everything would blow up in his face.  Raine didn’t let himself think about it any other way or he’d go nuts himself.
Selby sensed his fear.  Rising from her seat at the table and walking up behind him, she laid her hand against his shoulder and whispered, “They’ll be alright, Raine.  I know they will.”
He turned to look into her eyes, agony shining in his, “You’re right,” He began, almost too matter-of-factly.  “They’ll be alright or Vince will die for his trouble,” He finished, and he saw Selby’s features pull into a grimace.
She didn’t look as if she approved of it but she didn’t try to stop it or talk him out of it, either.  She simply nodded once and acknowledged, “You’ll do what you have to do.  You just bring them back safe and sound.”
Raine watched the tears that she tried not to shed tremble on her lashes before she bowed her head.  He pulled her close to him for a moment and held her, giving the comfort that he knew she needed as much as he did.  He told her, “There’s no time for tears, be strong and be ready.  I’ll bring them back alive or die trying.”  And he turned to Luther and asked quietly, “Will you give me directions?  I don’t know exactly where I’m going.”
“I’ll go with you.  You’ll need a friend, someone to watch your back,” Luther said right before he turned and opened the door and stepped outside into the evening.
Following Luther outside, Raine paused once in the doorway and looked back at Lynn and Selby who watched from the living room while he and Luther prepared to leave.  
He tossed a smile in their direction filled with a confidence that he didn’t really feel and told them, “Lock the doors after we’re gone.  Don’t let anyone into this house that you wouldn’t trust with your life.”  And then he was gone, swallowed up in an icy breath of wind and snow.

Lynn and Selby saw the last red glow from the taillights of the SUV as it disappeared around the bend and then they let the curtain fall back into place from the window where they watched.  Lynn sighed into the tremulous silence.  
She began to fret quietly because she didn’t want Selby to worry more than she already was.  Lynn didn’t realize that the way she wrung her hands and paced the floor made a mockery of her outward calm until she turned around and saw the same fear in Selby’s gaze.
Walking over to the sofa where Selby sat, Lynn grasped her trembling hands and squeezed them tight, drawing strength from sharing their burden.  When Selby’s grip went from lax to painfully tight, Lynn knew that they were like minded.  
“Do you pray?” Selby asked, and then raised tear-filled eyes to meet Lynn’s.
Lynn pulled Selby into a hug and let her tears fall onto Selby’s plump shoulder. “I do now,” She answered hoarsely.
So it was that Lynn and Selby sat side by side on the sofa, keeping silent, hopeful vigil and listening for the hum of a powerful SUV engine that would bring the one they loved back home.

The SUV was laden with a forlorn, telling silence that was damning in its unbroken intensity.  The occupants of the vehicle were both attempting not to worry and keep an optimistic outlook.
Raine had decided to let Luther drive.  In his state of mind trying to concentrate on the road would be an astronomically idiotic maneuver.  At this point he couldn’t think of anything aside from his family and the danger they were in.  He wouldn’t think about the possibility that he might lose them or that he would arrive only to find that Vince had lost patience waiting.  The man couldn’t have that short a fuse could he?
Raine was consumed by a fair madness, a wave of passionate, unholy, soul-crippling rage he couldn’t control.  Steely black hatred exhausted his reason, drained him and left his thoughts as disconnected and vague as the world outside the cab of the vehicle.  Deduction had truly and completely deserted him and he didn’t like it at all.  He couldn’t lose his objectivity now.
How was he going to save them?  In order to win, he needed to understand and Raine didn’t understand Vince.  He couldn’t see things from Vince’s point of view and that meant he couldn’t predict him.  He felt inept and that made him mad.  He couldn’t afford unpredictability or indecision.  The stakes were too high this time.
Raine thought about the twins, so like him in every way.  They had nothing to do with this.  They were dumped into the middle of this because of him and only someone without a conscience would use a child and only the heartless would condone it.  
Vince had taken Sierra and the twins to draw Raine out and it smacked of cowardice.  But Vince also followed orders.  He had acted on command, not on his own and more than likely by any means necessary.
They were the actions of a soldier.
These facts hinted at lively dispassion and cool calculation.  It wasn’t much to go on but it was all he had.  Raine knew that he faced someone who could work outside the limitations of his own conscience and discard his inherent understanding of right and wrong.  This placed Raine’s loved ones in terrible peril.  If Vince could do that then wasn’t he also capable of ridding himself of his bait?  Would Raine find that they had grown weary of the game and decided to end it their way?
If they did, they would die.
The periphery of his vision began to fade.
Lightheadedness seized him and he couldn’t think about anything but the ones who’d taken what he held dear and how dearly they would pay.
The dashboard of the car began to rattle and the radio turned on and then off again in rapid succession.  Static and the disconnected melodies from several different songs fused together discordantly and exploded from the speakers as the radio dial turned quickly from end to end without stopping.
The headlights flickered once, twice in rapidly and then turned off completely only to turn back on and shine brightly enough to illuminate the road as if Luther had suddenly hit the high beams.  The dashboard lights followed suit.
Luther’s voice was incredibly calm, almost deadpan in the face of the display of power that Raine could not seem to get a handle on, “Everything okay over there?”
The horn blared and the engine sputtered and then threatened to cut out completely.
Rage rushed through his veins with explosive force and was carried quickly throughout his body by his racing heart coupled with an involuntary adrenaline rush, feeding the feelings that he tried to keep in tight check.  His hands trembled and his jaw clenched, a hoarse groan came from his throat.  
The air in the SUV became thick and heavy with power and tension.  Luther’s breathing became labored.
Raine knew that he had to stop.  He turned to Luther, his eyes shining feverishly in the atmosphere of the SUV, which had gone from comfortable to unbearably heated in the space of seconds.  Sweat poured off of him, his blood roared in his ears and his voice was strained with barely leashed power as he whispered, “Tell me about Vince.”
“What do you want to know?” Luther asked him, his features grim and his voice strained despite his calm.
“Everything,” Raine replied, “Tell me everything.  What to expect and not expect.  What his personality is like.  Tell me what he eats for lunch for all I care.  Just talk to me so I can work on controlling myself.”
There was only a short pause from the driver’s seat of the vehicle before Luther said, “He’s a rude son of a bitch but if you’d met his parents you’d understand.  He does what he’s told but takes care of things his way if that makes any sense.  He’s the shoot first ask questions later type, got that from his dad who was in the armed forces.”
“His parents treated him more like a soldier?” Raine asked.  It was more a confirmation and statement of conclusion than an actual question.  Distracted as he was by this new image the tunnel vision faded and he looked at Luther in surprise.
“Pretty much,” Luther told him, “It was the way he was raised, expected to think and act like an adult all the time from what I can gather.  I only saw him with his parents once.  It was a pitiful thing the way he jumped to make them happy all the time.  He really doesn’t seem to be able to think for himself and he’s so scared of his dad that when they’re together he won’t fart the wrong way and he’s big enough to hammer the old man into the ground.”
“I’ve only seen him twice,” Raine admitted, “He really doesn’t seem like the type to be afraid of anyone.”  
That got a snorting laugh from Luther, who turned a sardonic look in Raine’s direction and told him with a mild note of disbelief, “He’s afraid of you.  We’re almost there.”
Raine turned his gaze to the scene beyond the windshield and felt immediately like he had been catapulted back in time.  The place really hadn’t changed in the years since he had taken wing, he reflected distantly and then shuddered in morbid revulsion at the memories that came with seeing it again.
Large and imposing, more like a mansion than a hospital with the exception of the barred up windows; it was the one place Raine could have gone the rest of his life without ever laying eyes on again.  
Built in the early nineteenth century for a wealthy pioneer, the mountainside in which the building was nestled had had to be carved out to accommodate the construction.  As it stood, it was the only area of land that was for the most part flat, with very little courtyard outside where soil had been hauled in for a front lawn.
It was a three-story building with three separate wings branching out from a central unit which was hexagonal in shape and made entirely of stone and brick that had been recently painted a dull sandy color.  Lights shone here and there in some of the windows and the halls, allowing brief glimpses into the stark white of the inside.  Here and there a shadow moved across one of the panes.  Silence reigned absolute.
It was a relatively popular institution surrounded by evergreens so that the scenery was a lush, soothing emerald even in winter.  Snow blanketed as it was now with pristine, wind-swept vistas and the mountains for a backdrop, it seemed more an inviting home than an asylum.
Home again, my good man…
Unbidden, the phrase flashed across his mind and he felt himself on the verge of hysterical laughter at the thought.  If such a cozy word could be used to describe the cold place in which he had been raised among the care and guidance of analytical minds and hearts, then indeed he was home.
My family is in there…
That thought sobered him as abruptly as a dousing of ice water and his laughter, once bubbling uncontrollably within him faded as if it had never been there.
Night had settled its sleepy, silken blanket over the world as the SUV reached the front gate and rather than having to be buzzed in by the night watchman, Raine simply concentrated on the electrical lock that secured the gates into place.  
Tunnel vision crept up on Raine again.  The air became thick and heavy as he concentrated and with a metallic sounding report and the soft buzz and blue light of an electrical short, the front gates swung wide.

Baxter watched from a side window in the sealed off east wing of the hospital as a black SUV made its slow, lumbering way up the curved driveway that led to the front door.
Catching a grip on his labored breathing and turning resolutely in the other direction, he walked back to join Vince and Leo who sat at a small table in front of the door behind which Sierra and the twins were locked.  The hall lights had been turned off and they were playing cards to pass the time; their game illuminated by the weak light of a small reading lamp.  
Even though he tried to whisper Baxter’s voice still rang shrilly, echoing hollowly into the silence of the abandoned hallway and he cursed himself for the trepidation that threaded through it. “He’s here.”
Pausing in the act of throwing his cards on the table Leo looked up, his features drawn tight in a grimace of fear.  He knew what Raine could do; he’d been tutored.  Vince and Baxter had filled him in on all the details and the boy was scared.  His voice as tense as the expression on his face he asked quietly, “Are we ready then?”
Vince nodded once, a curt inclination of his head, shaggy now with the number of times he’d raked his fingers through his hair in agitation, “Let’s get this over with.”
That was when Baxter remembered, and after that he simply couldn’t resist.  Getting the keys from Vince, he unlocked the door and looked in on Sierra and the kids who sat huddled in the corner.  The twins were whimpering softly in fear at his arrival, Sierra squinted at him with her good eye, the other bruised and swollen shut from where he’d struck her.  
He winked at the woman once with a malignant glee sparkling in his eyes that she could never have seen in the shadows.  His voice rang with cold superiority when he told her, “Looks like I was right, he came for you.” Then he closed the door and locked it again, hearing her moan of agony as the news sank in and the noise of the closing door echoed through her aching head.
The evening had become unnaturally silent though why that was when the wind had so previously whipped around in a turbulent fury was completely unknown to Raine.  As he stepped out of the SUV and inhaled deeply of the still, frigid air he thought of his wife trapped in this building somewhere awaiting his arrival.  Then he exhaled, watching the plumes of steam leave his mouth and flee like ghosts into the icy cover of night.
Raine looked up at the hospital front and thought of the grand protection it was for the residents.  This place for many was beautiful sanctuary and to some it was a peaceful prison.  Some of the residents simply turned inside for what they needed and it was freedom for them.  They were for the most part unaware or perhaps simply didn’t give a blessed damn and it was probably liberating in its own way.
Raine could remember as a small child watching through the window as family members greeted one another in the courtyard outside the hospital.  He thought then more than ever of the parents, brothers and sisters who never came to see him.  Through the eyes of a child this nothing if not rejection.  
It was something that the doctors at the hospital either didn’t notice or chose to ignore because they never commented on it and none of them took steps to reassure a small child that it was not his fault that he was seemingly forgotten.  They seemed to easily turn a blind eye to it instead.
It was here as a child that Raine learned to cry himself to sleep with quiet, lonely tears in the darkness of his room at night.  Then he’d get up the next morning to put on his sweetest, most enthusiastic smile for the benefit of those who took care of him.
Never again…
He could no more deny the plaintive cry that flitted through his mind than he could stop it, lifting with iron determination and symbolic melody from the deepest reaches of his heart.  
It was the terror-ridden shout of the inner child who rose to take on the world standing forsaken and alone.  That child stood now against the doubts that hammered at him, stubbornly digging in small heels and refusing to be told no.  The boy who was had to relinquish all that he’d been and was made to forget what he knew so he might hold strong, becoming a resilient shield and a dauntless sentry.  He wouldn’t abide anymore the internal struggle to know his own mind or the indecision that tore at him when he thought of his younger years.  In a momentous, powerful and final decision that would forever alter his understanding and perception of the person he’d been and would now and always choose to be, Raine accepted his birthright.
The confusion that had clouded his mind with an opaque haze evaporated.  In a single, breathless instant the child who used to be gained the bravery he had lost and with a mighty lunge and the deep baritone roar of the man he’d become he broke loose from the chains of the past that bound him, soaring free amid a shout of gleeful laughter.  With intermingled joy and terror, both the man and the boy lifted effortlessly and confidently from the black confines of a fathomless prison of the mind.
It was in that apocalyptic moment suspended with delicate precision into eternity that Raine understood the dream.
His heart began to hammer with exhilaration.  He threw back his head and uttered a guttural, fervent prayer into a silken night still vibrating with the power of release.  Straightening from his former defeated posture and squaring his shoulders, he faced the building that had been both home and prison to him as a child.

Dr. James Worthington was working late.  It was an action that was completely out of character for him.  His mind was occupied as never before with events of the past that he’d tried with more determination than success to forget.  
His ambition and greed had given rise to choices and mistakes that he preferred not to think about.  He had taken that case, the Raine Project in the years before the evils that he’d committed stared him cruelly in the face.  Now in the glaring light of truth and with his long ignored conscience screaming at him for years of ruthless misdeeds, his regrets came back to haunt him more than ever before.
Exhaustion plagued him and nightmares chased him so much so that he no longer found refuge in sleep anymore.  The secrets of his scarlet past tormented him even there.  The memories of those to whom he had dealt each a merciless wrong promised retribution in hoarse, disembodied whispers.  
He had begun to fear sleep so deeply that he’d started to take a strong self-prescribed sedative each night, hoping that would succeed where nature hadn’t.  It hadn’t worked.  The subconscious he knew so well was a frightening and tenacious critic.
Hoping to escape his thoughts, he got up and walked to the window, gazing forlornly at the panoramic view set out before him.  He had in the past found the scenery beyond the windows of his office peaceful and beautiful.  Now he saw only a barren wasteland of self-destroyed hopes.
Clenching his hands into fists at his sides he bowed his head and closed his eyes, gritting his teeth in an effort to stop the memories.  He was an old man and tired of the endless struggle that had become his life.  The infinite string of the mentally ill had become a needy army in his eyes and he no longer had the passion to heal them that he’d possessed when he was younger.  He felt more like one of them now, needing compassion and guidance.  With a low growl of self-directed rage he opened his eyes and tried to push away the doubts.  
That was when he noticed the figure standing near the entrance to the hospital.  Dr. Worthington studied him curiously for a moment, trying to shake the disquieting feeling that he knew the man from somewhere.  By a rather perverse trick of the lights outside that didn’t chase away the shadows where the man stood, his features were cloaked in darkness.  Something about the way the man stood there, either his determined posture or stance nagged at him distantly from the deep corners of his memory.
He was tall and broad shouldered and well built.  That was all Worthington could see.  The man stood alone and seemed indifferent to the cold outside.  His companion, who seemed to have chosen to stay beside the vehicle, didn’t even give an obscure clue about his identity.
Dr. Worthington swallowed his frustration with an effort and in due course his scrutiny was rewarded.  The man seemed to sense his perusal as he suddenly looked directly at the window where the doctor stood.  The man’s head cocked slightly to the left in curiosity and then he crossed his arms over his chest, rudely returning the doctor’s stare.
Then with a small, indolent shrug and defiant toss of his head the man stepped into the light.  Dr. James Worthington gripped the windowsill in an effort to steady himself as his heart plummeted into his stomach and then began to pound painfully.  He heard himself gasp in shock and terror as he recognized the man and his raspy, incredulous whisper seemed to echo off the walls and come back to tease him, “It can’t be…”
He laughed a shrill, hysterical laugh at the sudden fleeting thought that his past, with the appearance of one Raine Donnelly had truly come back to haunt him.  He turned away from the window and walked with a jerky, puppet-like gait over to his desk.  Fumbling with his keys, he unlocked the drawer where he kept his pistol should the occasion ever arise when he’d need it.
Sitting in his chair and humming softly to himself, deadly calm and perfectly resolute for the first time in years Dr. James Worthington sat back, relaxed and prepared to meet his fate.

Raine wasn’t entirely sure when the feeling that he was being watched had come over him nor why it had gripped him so strongly.  He knew only that he had sensed it and turned to look up at that window to find the shadow standing there, unrelieved blackness surrounded by the mellow glow of the desk lamp behind.  He’d met the scrutiny of the unknown individual trying to understand why the faceless form had seemed so familiar.
Concentrating on the feeling, trying to force substance into it, he directed all his energy into giving it shape.
Then it came to him.  He got the distant impression of the color amber and he knew at whom it was he’d been staring.  The doctor still worked here.
He had never known the doctor by his first name.  Raine had always gotten the impression that the man didn’t want him to know and he’d never sought his answer through the invasion of the man’s thoughts.  He had waited for enlightenment from the doctor instead.  Dr. Worthington had always kept a part of himself secret from Raine and Raine had not protested or done what came so naturally and easily to him in reading the man’s thoughts.
It hadn’t been until confinement and loneliness had driven him into Merle’s mind.  That was when he had heard Worthington muttering about his case in the staff cafeteria and that was when he’d begun to plan escape.  It was also when Merle had thought the name of the doctor and Raine had heard it then.
Raine knew now that it was because the doctor had always hated him.  It was a hatred that Worthington had nurtured over the years and Raine had learned how to retaliate in kind.  
That was the defining reason he’d been cut off from the world in the very beginning.  He had closed himself off from the doctor.  Loneliness was a powerful inducement for anyone to surrender a battle of silence and begin to confide and that had been what Worthington had hoped to accomplish.  The conscienceless doctor had set his mind to breaking the unbreakable.
He took a deep breath and the hatred that he felt with such acid strength rose up to nearly suffocate him.  He felt his control slipping away again and the lights on the front of the hospital flickered dimly and then shone brightly once again.
Raine’s hands curled into fists and he clenched his jaw in an attempt to rein in his wayward talents.  He almost lost it.  His heart began to pound and a bead of sweat traced its way down his temple.  It did not freeze in the cold as it should but found a slow path down his cheek and neck to absorb damply in the collar of his jacket.
Raine started to sweat profusely and rivulets of moisture found a tickling path down neck and back.  Suddenly his coat seemed to be too constrictive next to the devious whisper of the wind that had again started to blow.

Luther wasn’t quite certain what to make of Raine.  One minute the man seemed almost mellow and then in the blink of an eye his face would take on a stark, haunted look and crazy stuff started happening.  It was almost like Raine was travelling into himself to try and understand from the inside what went on outside.  Then sometimes it seemed as if he were lost in memories he seemed not to want to face and yet must in order to find peace.  
His concentration like his eyes would focus on something, center and then never drift even by as much as a glance in either direction.  Then he would close his eyes and grit his teeth which gave Luther the impression that he fought desperately to keep a rein on his self-control.  He seemed to want to explode but thought better of it for whatever reason and Luther was inclined to be grateful.
He had seen Raine’s power first hand and he wanted no resurgence of that power focused back on him as it had been before.  
Luther had never been a timid man by nature.  Raine was a different story and Luther wasn’t the type to look for trouble either.  He got the strong idea that as opposed to letting things get out of hand, Raine would if provoked simply let loose his crumbling self-restraint and turn his power toward a convenient outlet; no one being more convenient than the man who had dated his wife.
Luther understood that Raine had for the most part forgiven him for that but understanding and applied knowledge weren’t the same thing and after the way that Raine had so effortlessly and easily harmed and then healed him, Luther was not liable to test his theory.
So he watched and waited; for a signal, divine intervention or some kind of indication though he didn’t know what.  He only sensed that he would know when the time was right to act.
Raine stood in front of the hospital looking at it as if he were in the throes of indecision.  One second it seemed as though he might take a step forward and break the spell that seemed to have come over him.  The next second he’d stand back, his shoulders would relax perceptibly and he would breathe a great gust of a breath into the chill of the night.  His chin would fall and his face would go from intense and vehement to vague, slack and disinterested.  
Not even a hint of emotion showed on Raine’s features during that time.  It was as if he willed his feelings to turn off for a moment and then turned them back on when he had weathered sensory overload.
How long they stood like that with Raine watching the hospital and Luther watching Raine, Luther had no idea.  He only knew that the breeze began to blow again.  Strong and frigid as ever the wind started to shriek once more, sweeping with a bone-chilling caress through the fleece of his winter coat.  
Luther thought fleetingly of trying to calm Raine or distract him for a moment.  He thought hazily for a moment but he didn’t know why that a diversion would deplete the cold kiss of the air that embraced him with skeletal wings.  He could hear it echoing forlornly around the sides of the building, surrounding him with fluid grace to disarm him with its sheer intensity.
To think that the very winds bowed to the will of one man’s emotions had to be as ludicrous an instinct as he felt thinking such a thing.  But even with the care Luther had taken to dress warmly and the fact that he was normally so very comfortable and the cold had never bothered him before, he began to shiver.  At first it came in the form of a deep, unrelieved tension that he couldn’t seem to identify.  It soon escalated to become teeth-chattering, shuddering muscle seizures that he couldn’t control.  Every fiber of every muscle in his body seemed to be pulled tight as he waited for Raine to make up his mind.
When nothing happened Luther decided to usher courage to the fore in favor of standing in the frigid winds all night.  Walking up so that he stood a few feet behind Raine, Luther asked him in what he hoped was a quiet, undemanding voice, “Anything coming to mind, do we know what we’re doing?”
“Hush, I’m trying to understand,” Raine told him with a soft grimace, which only succeeded in confusing Luther more.
“Understand?” He asked with a bland, flat kind of amusement in his voice and an unspoken request for a more clear idea of what was happening.  When there was no answer, Luther shrugged his shoulders and wearily, miserably resigned himself to his wait once again.
The air became thick, intensity crackled in the atmosphere around them both.  It was becoming difficult to breathe next to the pressure that surrounded Luther, heavily laden with tension.  He looked to Raine for some kind of guidance though he didn’t know why.  The man seemed lost now more than ever.
Raine lifted his face briefly to gaze at the building and Luther saw a brief glimpse of the worry etched clearly across his face.
The wind stilled so quickly that Luther almost began to feel overheated in the absence of the mind-numbing gusts and his quaking subsided.  
Then without even the warning wisp of a breeze, it began to scream shrilly through him again.  A wind of harsh and tempestuous fury ripped around and through them again just as bone deep and frosty as ever though this time it began to pummel him with merciless strength.  
Luther clenched his jaw to keep his teeth from chattering and tried to maintain a semblance of quiet calm.  His attempt seemed paltry at best and utterly futile next to the violent, hammering bluster of the gale that pushed him against the hood of the SUV.
Raine’s eyes, once intense with concentration and the clarity of smooth logic became cloudy as if he were now truly lost to reason.
Though he really didn’t know why, as if by something he understood but couldn’t identify Luther began to pray.

Raine knew that he had to let loose his mind and his bid on his self-control amid the ebb and flow of the tide of his feelings.  His senses were more acute when he simply followed them with blind faith, when he didn’t question what they told him.
The furious howl of the wind that blew with more strength now than it had at first, seemed not to touch him.  He didn’t feel the tingling pinpoints of cold fire on his cheeks or the way the blowing snow stung his face, whipped into a fury by the now howling force of the gale.  
His body felt alarmingly nerveless next to the freezing gusts, which battered him with blast after frigid blast.  It was as though the wind were a living entity, opaque and largely misunderstood he could feel the rage that it carried, a sickly sweet miasma riding an otherwise pure, benign spirit.  
He extended his senses in the direction that he could feel the hatred had originated and felt a sharp tug on his consciousness.  He wasn’t sure from whom he felt such despair but he was sure of the desperate, soul-destroying kind of need that sailed on the eerie cry of the breeze and he could not ignore it.
Each second that ticked past like each step he took stretched into eternity in the most gut-wrenching way as if fate held its breath, patiently waiting the moment when he would make that one critical error.  Feeling vaguely disconnected as if he walked through a dream instead of reality he began the slow trek up the short flight of stairs that led to the front entrance of the hospital.  
The interior of the hospital, particularly the front hall had not changed since the last time he’d seen it when he’d spared nothing but a glance to his surroundings in his paranoid flight at the age of seventeen.  There was still a stale, antiseptic smell in the air.  The entrance was still painted that ghastly color that he could only describe as green though what specific shade of it he wasn’t certain.  Then as now the walls were bare of any personality and the floor beneath his feet was still laid with bright white tiling, colorless and harsh against the eyes.
The sickly sweet feelings that he had sensed outside were infinitely more prominent in the hallways here where the wind didn’t blow and carry away the scent.  
It was a feeling of such utter destruction that Raine doubted the intensity of it.  Fluid and unrelenting, pulsing with diamond hard resolution, suffering rushed up to meet him.  He nearly fell to his knees so razor-sharp was the anguish in that flood of emotion.  
Darkness crept up on him, distorting his vision.  He crumpled beneath the weight of the blackness that rose within him, a pitiless void without color or meaning.  He struggled with a keening cry of torment that seemed to echo meaningfully, forlornly, sinuously from every direction at once, bouncing off the walls to reverberate discordantly back to him.
It coalesced with thick, meaningful intent and called at him from off to his right.  It murmured seductively into his mind from down that hallway, like the ghostly whisper of a long-dead lover.  Filled with a deep-seated, tenacious malevolence, it beckoned to him.  
He felt the intrinsic rhythm of his heart speed up suddenly, tripping carelessly toward certain disaster, racing as if it meant to burst from his chest or within it.
He turned in that direction, undeniably curious to know why the connection wouldn’t relent.  It grew stronger and more insistent as it pulled at him, daring him to follow where it would lead and stop only when its surreal satisfaction was reached.
Raine turned slowly to his right and faced the direction from which the rage came, burning nearly out of control.  Pulled inexorably into the vortex of a spinning malignance that he couldn’t define, he followed where it would lead.  He walked slowly down the hall, his tread at first heavy and unsure but gaining courage with each step taken until he arrived at the door behind which all the hostility centered.  An excruciatingly concentrated force, the animosity that he felt curled thickly from around the edges of the door to what could only be an office.
All the lights beyond were extinguished and yet, when Raine faced it the pure, indelible revulsion greeted him.  Thick with mindless zeal it curled around him, drawing him into a cruel embrace and steadfastly refusing to relinquish its unwilling prisoner.
An incessant, heartbreaking, soul-destroying grief crouched in wait beyond that door where enlightenment also waited.  Ceaseless torment focused its self-glorifying gaze on him, colored by the feeble, sorrowful cry of a long-dormant conscience.
Taking a deep breath and exhaling slowly in a bid for fortitude, Raine lifted his hand and gripped the door handle.  Turning the knob slowly, faintly surprised that it was not locked, he opened the door and stepped inside.
A cool, luxurious interior greeted him colored a vaporous yellow-silver by lamps beyond the windowpane.  Well treated, glossy hardwood graced the floor decorated by the large, well-worn rug that sat squarely in the center of the room.  
Heavy draperies hung in front of huge leaded glass windows, pulled back now to let in a silvery glow from the night outside.  They seemed particularly stark to Raine’s eyes.
The furniture was all expensive and comfortable looking from what he could see.  Two large wing back chairs sat facing a desk with a table positioned between them and behind the desk was a large swivel chair that currently faced the windows.  
Two sofas were placed in the left corner of the room directly adjacent to the wall.  They were grouped around an entertainment center with a television, VCR, video tapes and directly on top, a video camera.  
At first the reason for the video equipment was a mystery to Raine.  Then he remembered that sometimes recording a session helped the patient and covered the doctor legally just in case.  The walls were left unadorned and lined with bookshelves.
Other than that suspicious malignance that seemed to have no tangible source and the rasp of his own ragged breathing, the office seemed to be deserted.  Raine was alone.
Fighting confusion and certain that his eyes deceived him where his feelings didn’t, Raine turned one last full circle of the room.  Seeing that he was indeed alone and that no vaporous ghost of a residual intuition thrived there to greet him, he pivoted on his heel as if to walk out of the room.
The voice took him completely by surprise.  Distant, bemused and seemingly disembodied there was a question as well as a mild note of resignation in it and Raine’s heart skipped a beat with the startled paranoia it brought.  “It wasn’t until you left that I really started questioning myself.”
Berating himself silently at his own jumpiness, Raine turned to face the direction of the statement. “Who are you?” He asked quietly and succinctly, fighting to control the softly shaky quality of his tone.
“Don’t you remember me?  You remember everything else don’t you?” The voice whispered again, querulous and hoarse and tinged with an insane kind of laughter that seemed more prominent to Raine’s ears than the rest.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Raine scoffed, “I haven’t been here for years and I don’t know who you are.”
“But I worked with you all your life.  Don’t you think that you’d remember the only real father you’ve ever known?”
In that moment the chair turned and its occupant faced him and reached over to turn on the desk lamp.  A smooth mellow glow chased away the shadows.  Raine, momentarily blinded in the sudden light at first couldn’t see who it was that sat in that chair.
Then he noticed the man’s eyes.  Cold, absolute and deadly emotionless, they were the amber eyes that had haunted Raine’s dreams.  The man who sat behind the desk was the same man who had repressed Raine so completely that he had learned to fear everything that he was.  This was the man who had taken his identity, stolen it quietly, quickly and remorselessly.  This was the man who had always seemed so repulsed by Raine, so full of wretched hate that he had never given Raine the courtesy of his first name.  This was Dr. Worthington.
His right index finger slid in tender caress along the trigger of a gun.
Luther was scouting.  A most observant individual by nature, there was nothing that he was better at than watching.  Not even the most miniscule detail ever slipped by his hawk like eyes and he was proud of that.  
He was also typically able to figure a person out in a matter of minutes.  Both his sensitivity and his sense of character were incredibly acute.  Luther was the one who colleagues frequently sought out when they needed a rapid assessment of anyone with a word or mannerism.  He had a talent and he used it well.  More often than not he had found that it was simply a matter of asking the right question and when that happened, everything else just sort of fell into place.
Raine had in the space of just a few hours sent all of Luther’s established notions crazily askew.  He was as tightly controlled as Luther had thought he’d be but he also displayed a keen sense of perception as if he knew a person before they met.  
Raine’s mind was more powerful than even Luther had given him credit for and yet, even when he could’ve used his power to get exactly what he wanted he’d held back.  He not gained that marginal advantage over those he seemed to be out to destroy.  Luther had no doubt that when faced by those who had taken his family Raine would use every advantage that he had at his disposal though not to the detriment of any life but his own.  It spoke of honor; a woefully understated virtue in the frenetic, tread on anyone’s feet that you have to rat race of the modern day.  Luther had to admire that, nearly as much as he respected what he could only view as Sierra’s good taste in her choice of life long companion.  
The man in question had gone down that hallway earlier, the one off to the right as if in a trance, walking headlong into a yawning maw of eerie darkness.  Luther had called to him half a dozen times before he had given up, ultimately deciding that the guy was beyond the realm of hearing.  It didn’t really bother Luther.  Raine’s intuition seemed to have kept him alive thus far and he saw no substantial reason to stop or try to gainsay that.  So Luther had then decided to go his own direction.  
Logically, Vince and young Leo wouldn’t abscond with Sierra and the kids simply to secret them in the wing of the hospital with most of the doctors’ offices.  That simply couldn’t be reasoned out, at least not when put in conjunction with the strategic depth of thought to which Vince was capable.  He was probably the one calling the shots anyway.  If the way that he’d been muttering in his office a couple of days previous about having a rookie babysitter were any indication, he might have locked Leo up with their captives to fend for himself.  That really wouldn’t surprise Luther.  Vince had no more a sense of self-sacrifice than he did an intelligence factor.  With the single exception of a talent for strategy, Vince had no other discernable strengths.
He was commonly known as Baxter’s monkey-boy.  When Baxter needed someone bullied or killed he called on Vince.  The outstanding field agent that Vince was had come to him solely by his lack of conscience and his youthful connection to Baxter; that and a peculiar obeisance that Luther would never have been able to figure out had he not met Vince’s overbearing parents.
What concerned Luther was that this puzzle, which he had decided to undertake on Raine’s behalf, had become a mystery of increasingly dynamic dimensions.  His depth of knowledge and his fields of expertise seemed to have no play where Raine was involved.  In fact it seemed to Luther more and more like he was walking blindly through that same hallway into which Raine had disappeared and he didn’t like that at all.  Feeling his way through this like the sightless was proving to be not only a most ambitious undertaking but also the very cornerstone on which his greatest fear was founded.
He was terrified that they wouldn’t reach Sierra and the twins in time.

Raine swallowed an instinctive fear as he gazed at the barrel of a gun that was pointed directly at him.  This doctor wasn’t playing any games.  He intended to rid himself of the skeletons in his closet quickly, surely and by any means necessary.  Raine felt not only completely at a loss but also utterly helpless and that rankled.
Since Worthington held the firearm it also stood to reason that he called the shots in a manner of speaking though there was no pun intended.  Raine figured that it would be wise to allow the doctor to have the upper hand for the time being and wait for an opportunity to present itself.
Silence descended between the two for a short time, long enough for Raine to begin with the eyes of an adult to size up the man he could never understand as a child.  
The years had not been kind to Worthington.  Once, he’d been lively and healthy, his eyes sparkling with intelligence.  He now looked decidedly wilted.  The man couldn’t be more than sixty-five and yet, when Raine looked at him it was difficult to believe that he wasn’t crowding eighty.  His hair at one time had been a thick shock of dark chestnut followed by a mature looking salt-and-pepper.  It was now thinning and dull, lanky and white with only a few feeble dark hairs to ever show that it had been any other shade.
The whites of his eyes were tinged a murky yellow, blood shot and red rimmed with the irises cloudy and indistinct.  His gaze never stayed focused on any one thing for very long, darting here and there as if he anticipated attack but was unaware from what direction it would hail.  The undersides sported heavy bags but no laugh lines.  Bushy white eyebrows arched slightly at Raine’s intrusion and his forehead creased in a frown.
The man was not physically fit; he’d certainly let himself go in the last years.  His distended abdomen and dissipated chest and shoulders spoke of the sheer quantity of liquor he consumed on a daily basis though whether it was to silence the voices of his patients or to seek oblivion from the screams of his conscience, Raine didn’t know.
The skin on his face was pasty, dispirited and lax, sallow and sagging with weighty jowls.  Age spots dotted his cheeks, neck and the backs of his hands which were shaking ever so slightly with…fear? anger? energy?…Raine could only guess.
Worthington seemed to be taking his measure as well.  The man’s eyes would rest on Raine for a moment before darting guiltily away to become absorbed in the office furnishings he looked at every day.  His jaw clenched and relaxed every few moments.  He would open his mouth slightly here and there as if he meant to say something.  He seemed to think better of it every time because he would snap his jaw shut and pretend to be preoccupied shuffling papers, organizing his desk with his left hand, his right still adhered to the gun cradled in his palm and assiduously avoiding looking directly at Raine.
Raine thought about waiting it out to see what the other man wanted to say but found so difficult to voice.  He didn’t have to wait long.  With a heavy sigh and in a great rush as if to relieve himself of a great burden that he had carried throughout time immemorial, Worthington said to Raine, “Surely you have questions which undoubtedly only I can answer.”
“Yeah, I do have a couple,” Raine answered.
“What might those questions be?” Worthington finally asked, his gaze finally leveling on Raine and staying there.
“What’s your first name?” He asked.
It took the other man by surprise, if the slack-jawed way that he looked at Raine for a moment was any idea.  Then straightening and peering at Raine over small reading glasses, he answered softly, “James.  Is that all you wanted to know?”
“Why?” Raine asked him simply.
“I would imagine it’s because my parents liked the name,” The doctor hedged cautiously, a note of inadvertently wry humor in his voice that never reached his eyes.
“That’s not what I meant and you know it.” Raine shot back, his thin string of patience nearly at its end.
Worthington sought refuge in affected ignorance. “I’m not sure what you mean,” he replied carefully, watching Raine closely for any signs of disbelief.
Raine wasn’t being toyed with.  In a no nonsense tone that still carried an unmistakable threat he told Worthington coldly, “I could make you give me the answers I want you know.”
Worthington shrank back visibly.  If it were possible, he paled even more.  Quite suddenly his bravado vanished.  Gone was his quiet bravery and in its place was a certain kind of sickliness.  He was now a weary old man who had grown tired of countering the obstacles against which his path in life had taken him.
“When I asked for background information on you for purposes of study I was told next to nothing.  When your mother was pregnant, she was involved in a severe car accident.  She was rushed to the hospital and the doctor who treated her, unaware of her delicate condition ordered x-rays.”
“You should’ve died then; radiation poisoning should have killed you but by what miracle we’re still unsure you adapted.  You grew that extra gland you have and started growing.  Even before you were born you developed at an astonishing rate.”  
“The doctor took you three months preterm when your mother as damaged as she was never recovered and went into early labor.  No one thought you would live then either but when you did they started doing a little testing of their own and found that despite your premature entrance into the world you were physiologically fully developed.”
The doctor bowed his head for a moment.  When he looked up again a very real sorrow tinged Worthington’s gaze and his voice was hoarse with both regrets that he had and he had learned of with the story he’d been told.
“They had to take you by surgery; your mother was too weak to give natural birth aside from the catatonic state shed gradually slipped into.  She died on the table moments after you were born.”
With his next statement, Worthington gave a soft half laugh, half snort like he couldn’t quite believe not only what he’d been told but also what he was telling.
“It seemed that the impossible had become possible with you.  Back then and even now as a matter of fact, a child born in the fifth or sixth month of fetal development will more than likely die.  Their lungs haven’t fully matured and even if they do survive, for the first months of their lives they will be attached to a respirator and under intensive, round-the-clock care.”
“You blew all that away.  You didn’t need the constant observation or the machines that would keep you alive.  You even shorted a couple of them out as I was made to understand.”
“Your father couldn’t handle the death of his wife.  He went crazy and a little under two years after you were born when you showed signs of not only surviving, but flourishing he hung himself.  That was when Baxter brought you to me.”
“I was paid handsomely to do the job I did.  You were so young when you were brought to me, no more than twenty two months old but still a remarkable child.  My job was to monitor you, take care of you, raise you in a way and mold you into what you were to become.” Worthington swallowed visibly at that, his features drawn into a grimace of distaste.
“What was I to become?” Raine asked him, curiosity surging through him along with a strange kind of relief.  He was finally getting answers.  Nothing could have prepared Raine for what Worthington told him when he spoke again.
“The perfect weapon,” Worthington returned, simple and honest. “Even when you were first brought to me you had started to show certain talents that even I was at a loss to understand.  You were a small child who showed more intelligence than the myriad experts and attendants with whom you worked.  You could with no apparent effort tell them exactly what they were thinking.”
“You were walking, you never tripped and fell and your coordination and motor skills we could have easily likened to that of a five-year-old.  You were very articulate, your diction and pronunciation were perfect.  You outshone all of the psychotic geniuses we were treating here at the time, truly the next stage in evolution.  You had a photographic memory, were literate and could even after having read something hours before and only once, repeat it back verbatim.”
“What does the gland do?” Raine asked of Dr. Worthington, desperately curious.
“The gland.  Yes, seems to be what started it all.” A low, hysterical laugh escaped Worthington and he looked directly at Raine when he answered, “It’s kind of complicated.”
“Try me,” Raine demanded, unwilling to allow Worthington to try to distract him.
“Best we can tell,” Worthington replied slanting Raine a curious, sideways glance, “This gland had two purposes.”  
The doctor affected a bland, emotionless look completely incongruous with the seriousness of the conversation when he finished, “You are able to adapt just as you did before you were born except that when you do, you are adapting to environments that would kill any other human.  We here at the hospital exposed you to post ground zero conditions like with nuclear testing when you were in isolation.  When you came out of isolation you were not only completely healthy but unscathed by the radiation that would’ve left you sick and disfigured if you were any normal person.  We also exposed you to countless diseases; strains of viruses and mutations of those same strains, but instead of succumbing each of the numerous times that we tried to get you ill you only got sick once with any strain and recovered so quickly we doubted that you’d ever been sick at all.  You never fell to any of the mutations.”
“Your gland helps you adapt to environments that no one else would survive, and it produces a super antibody that gives you immunity not only to any one strain of an infectious disease but each subsequent mutation of that same strain.”  With that the doctor lifted his free hand slightly and shrugged as if to say that he was as confounded at Raine was.
“That was how I survived the car accident wasn’t it?” Raine asked softly, more to himself than to Worthington who simply looked at him askance. “I adapted to the water, I could breathe under water for a few minutes because I adapted.”
“In a nutshell,” Dr. Worthington answered, deliberately off-hand. “We did tests on you then, when it first happened.  From what we could tell there are now two extra arteries in your neck that don’t pump blood.  They’re there for electrolysis, the separating of hydrogen and oxygen that make up water.  Your body used both actually,” The doctor sketched vaguely into his enormously impractical narrative.
Raine took a moment to ponder that and when no solution came, prompted the doctor to continue, “How?”
Worthington favored him with a deadpan, wayward smile when he answered, “The oxygen kept you alive, the hydrogen kept you from becoming hypothermic.”
When Raine only looked at him completely lost, Worthington sighed heavily and continued, “Do you know what electrical source imaging is?”
Raine shook his head shortly and Dr. Worthington explained shortly, “It’s a procedure used to identify the source of electrical activity in the brain or heart.  We performed this procedure on you shortly after you were pulled from the river.”
“What we found was that in the case of exposure to water particularly, the electrical activity in your brain surged markedly in proportionate reaction to the water in which you were held.”
“You tried to drown me,” Raine interrupted flatly, not surprised but not expecting that these experiments had been done on him, not to kill him but to find out why he survived.
“No, we tested you,” Worthington reasserted, visibly quaking with the freezing look that had entered Raine’s eyes.
Raine inclined his head in the barest suggestion of a nod. “Okay, keep going,” He invited the doctor, anxious to hear the rest.
“We also found that your body absorbed hydrogen from the air around you and apparently also the water you’d been submerged in.  Since hydrogen is a combustible gas it took only the smallest amount of energy, which you had in ready supply in your own body to use it.  Your body used it as a sort of warming mechanism, keeping your core body temperature from dropping too far which would’ve led to death from hypothermia.”
So that was it.  That explained the lightheadedness that had taken him in the shower.  He’d had oxygen high.  The steam from the hot shower had caused his body to react out of an instinctive self-preservation.
It also explained the feverish feeling he’d had after he’d been searching for the cameras in his yard.  Anatomically speaking, he was equipped with everything he would need to survive and his body had used that.  He’d taken from the air he breathed the hydrogen necessary to keep him from freezing to death.  That explained all but one very important thing.
“What about the talents that I have?” Raine asked Worthington, wondering at the explanation to that as well.
“There are some who believe that parts of the human brain have been dormant for millennia, the sections of the brain that are believed to govern telepathic and telekinetic powers.  Your gland succeeded in reawakening those parts of your brain so that everything in your skull there,” Worthington waved his free hand in the direction of Raine’s forehead, “Is not only alive but fully functional as well.”
He thought of the countless hours that he had spent wondering what reason they had to keep him under such intense scrutiny both as a child and now as an adult.  It had been because he was different, not like everyone else.  They had kept him largely captive during his life because he was an intriguing case study, not because he was insane or dangerous and that hurt.
He was someone new, a threat to what the doctors had considered the natural order of things and they had punished him for it his entire life.  They had isolated and studied him and then taken him away from those he’d valued most.  Because of nothing more than a difference he couldn’t control, he had been made into a lab rat.  
Raine focused on Worthington, ready to release the rage that he’d kept under tight rein.  His vision narrowed and the other man began to gasp with the pressure that Raine imagined putting on his throat.  Just a small mental squeeze, that’s all it would take.  He could crush the doctor who had made his life a hell.  He would never again be bothered by the mind-numbing pain that Worthington had inflicted upon him without mercy.
It was then that Worthington, purpling for lack of air looked steadily up at Raine.  In addition to the pleading in his gaze there was a kind of release, like Raine did exactly what Worthington wanted him to do.  Dr. James Worthington wanted to die.  It was there in his eyes; a certain, marked kind of satisfaction that was dulled by the glaze of imminent death.
Raine would not oblige him.  The good doctor would not die by his hand.  Raine was not going to demean himself like that, bring himself down to the level of the bloodthirsty men who had been chasing him for far too long.  He would let Dr. Worthington live with the knowledge his atrocities and refuse him the easy end he begged for with his eyes.
Slowly Raine released the pressure that he had put on Worthington’s neck.  He saw in that moment when again the doctor began to breathe freely a stark desperation color his gaze.  
Equipped now with the insight for which he had thirsted from the beginning Raine turned his back on the doctor, allowing the man a clear shot from his pistol if he was so inclined.  
Walking away step by step, Raine counted his heartbeats which had become rapid, pounding painfully with fear and uncertainty.  If he was wrong, he was dead wrong.  He had made it halfway back to the door when from behind his back echoed the sharp report of gunfire.  Wheeling around and thinking desperately that Worthington was far less scrupulous than what he’d wanted to give him credit he looked at the older man.
At first Raine was sure that his eyes deceived him.  Then when the reality of what Dr. Worthington had done truly hit him he felt a great nauseous convulsion overcome him.  Feeling sick with what he saw, he stared stupidly for a moment before swallowing visibly in an effort to contain his nausea and he gasped and clenched his jaw.  The sense that he shouldn’t look upon the doctor’s face invaded him and Raine averted his eyes.
Spattered blood stained the window and the wall behind Dr. Worthington’s chair.  The psychiatrist’s eyes, once darting here and there in paranoid fear were now dull and lifeless.  Blood ran a scarlet river down the side of his head from the hole in the crown.  The smell of death and loosed bowels permeated the air along with the coppery smell of blood and the stench of spent gunpowder.  Dr. James Worthington had put the gun into his mouth and taken his own life.
Raine was supremely indifferent about it.
Raine walked woodenly down the hallway that led to the front lobby of the hospital, his head spinning with all he’d found out and all he’d seen.
The doctor had wanted to die.  The unabashed horror on Worthington’s face when he’d realized that Raine wouldn’t free him from his fleshly prison had almost broken Raine’s heart.  Now that the man was truly dead Raine felt the loss of the only parent he’d ever really known, however superficial the role played by the doctor had been.  Dr. Worthington had been the only source of guidance that Raine’d had and he felt a certain grief at the man’s loss.
Raine heard from a distance the sound of footsteps that tread carefully, urgently down the hall headed directly at him.  Ducking to the cover of the shadows in a darkened corridor Raine held his breath, his heart beating a frantic rhythm in his chest.  
For whatever reason he feared discovery here of all places.  Perhaps in a more psychoanalytical bent of mind he felt squeamish when he thought of being caught here because of his escape as a child when he had run away and never looked back.  
Now listening to those footsteps, he knew that someone had heard the gunfire in the psychiatrists’ office and had come to investigate.  Feeling entombed, desperately claustrophobic within the walls of the asylum, he ducked his head and held his breath.
He had to swallow his shout of shock and relief when, within his line of sight came not a security guard as he had expected, gun drawn and eyes narrowed with watchful suspicion, but Luther.  
Luther carefully placed his feet on the floor as if he anticipated that at any moment some raving psychotic would jump out of the shadows, eyes wild and guns blazing.  Luther’s weapon was drawn and though the barrel was aimed at the floor, he held it at the ready.  Luther’s shoulders were taught, hunched and tense with expectation and alarm.  His hands shook slightly; his right index finger was not curled around the trigger but lay lightly against the barrel to avoid any accidents.
Raine loosed a low-pitched whistle to attract Luther’s attention without startling him.  Luther whirled around, the firearm in his hand aimed in Raine’s direction but he didn’t automatically fire, something for which Raine was profoundly grateful.
“It’s me, Luther,” Raine whispered lightly, “You can put the gun away.”
Luther exhaled an audible sigh of relief and told Raine, with a single scathing look at his apparently unharmed body, “I heard gunfire.”
“So you did,” Raine answered him slowly, deliberately vague.
“Well?” Luther demanded loudly, not to be put off.
“Well what?” Raine asked anyway, cocking his head slightly to the left.
“What happened?” Luther asked him with an exasperated voice.
“It was Dr. James Worthington, he had a gun,” Raine replied, his voice flat with shock when he thought of the scene that he had left in the doctor’s office.
“And?” Luther invited sarcastically. “I think I met him a couple of times, how is he?”
“Dead,” Raine told him, his voice cold, flat and final.
“Did you…” Luther began only to trail off at the slight shaking of Raine’s head.
“He did it himself,” Raine answered, his voice colored with what he could really only describe as thwarted rage even though he had made his choice.
“I’ll be damned,” Luther breathed, and bowed his head.  When his head came back up again his voice was laced with a kind of excitement when he said, “I’ve found them.”
“Sierra and the girls?  How are they?  Take me to them,” Raine ordered when Luther didn’t move.
“Right this way,” Luther said with a slight jerk of his head in the opposite direction and he turned and led the way back down the darkened hallway.
“They’re in the old psych ward; it was sealed off years ago when someone, an orderly I think was killed while he was passing out sedatives to the residents.  They never opened it back up.  We’re going to have to go the back way.” Luther told him as they walked through the front reception area.  He turned right, following a narrow passageway that for lack of light was the deep, impenetrable black of a full, starless night.
Following Luther through a series of corridors that wound around through the annals of the hospital, Raine might have gotten lost if it weren’t for his guide who seemed to have a better sense of direction than he.  Luther had a small penlight that he carried with him, the only shining spot of relief in the blackness and one that seemed bright as day next to the gloom.
It was right about the time that Raine, after treading behind Luther for what seemed like miles to him, was convinced that they had walked in a full, rather angular circle and would end up back where they started that Luther halted in front of a door.  
It was large, painted white and marked NO ADMITTANCE.  It was also locked.  Luther tried the door once, twice, thrice.  It wouldn’t budge.  He rammed his shoulder against it as quietly as brute force would allow in the futile hope that that would succeed where gentle persuasion hadn’t.  Standing back and swearing under his breath Luther looked at Raine, quiet confusion in his voice, “It was open when I went through it the first time.  I must have accidentally locked it on my way out to find you.”
The door looked to Raine’s fevered imagination like a phantom obstacle; dangerous, vaporous, opaque and evil.  His mind likened it to the impossible end that he had forever feared and conversely anticipated with such perverse relish.  
Quite suddenly Raine was tired of the endless uphill battle that this had become.  He was dangerously close to losing his control in the face of passionate, explosive wrath.  Brushing past Luther, no easy feat in light of the slight layout of the corridor and his formidable size, he laid one hand lightly on the knob.
With a soft click the lock disengaged and the door opened wide and banged loudly against the wall.  Luther and Raine were admitted with an ignominious stumble into the hallway on the other side.  Raine blinked a couple of times in the sudden light which seemed despite the gloom, bright as day in comparison to the blackness from which they had just come.
Raine paused a moment to look around at the signs of decay and neglect on the walls and the floor.  The paint which was once a pert, sky blue color peeled from the walls as if it had been heated to blistering, melting grotesquely away from the plaster.  The tiles underneath his feet were a dull gray color, moldering and old with mildew growing on the grout between.  
The air here was stale and musty smelling, more so than the rest of the building with dust and cobwebs hanging from the moldings near the ceiling that had leaks in most places and had fallen completely through in others.  Dust motes drifted in the air, disturbed and swirling with the rush of air caused by their entrance they now floated lazily about, filtering and refracting what little light Raine and Luther were given by the lamps outside.
Dark patches littered the floor where water had dropped in great puddles and then been left there to stagnate and to rot.  Several areas were concave, collapsing with water damage.  Raine walked further into the hallway, careful where he stepped unless he found himself falling through a weak spot in the paneling and plunging to a graceless, painful death.
Other than him and Luther, Raine saw no other signs of any occupants anywhere up or down the hall.  Turning to his companion, Raine favored him with an arch glance and asked succinctly, “Well, where are they?”
“One more floor down,” Luther replied, “This is the only access that I could find to this area of the building.”
With a slight bow and a gesturing wave of his hand, Raine told him softly, “Lead the way.”
Luther brushed past him, walking in the direction of a set of double doors to the stairwell.  Their progress was slow.  Both were treading carefully on the floors straining to hear the sounds of creaking or popping that could signal a collapse of the flooring beneath their feet.  
When they had finally reached the stairs and descended to the floor beneath, Raine heard voices.  Low and indistinct, barely audible over the filtering effect of the white painted walls and ceiling tiles, Raine was mildly shocked when he realized that there were more than two.  Vince and Leo he knew about but the other he didn’t quite recognize until the three chatting amiably shared a low laugh, though what it was they chuckled about was beyond Raine’s hearing.
He knew that voice.  There was something faintly familiar about it, though he couldn’t quite pinpoint exactly what it was.  Something about the timbre pulled at his memory and he looked at Luther and asked in a low tone, “Who else is in there?”
Luther looked at him nonplussed.  Then understanding dawned and he smiled a chilling smile and answered in a flat whisper, his voice nothing if not hateful, “Baxter is in there, Raine.  I thought you realized.”
Exhilaration momentarily rooted Raine to the spot.  At last he would come face to face with the one man who had tried to ruin Raine’s life; the man Raine had promised himself he would destroy.  
A twisted kind of pleasure filled him and he almost ran to meet the challenge at hand, taking the stairs downward light on his feet and two at a time.  In diametric opposition to his formerly skittish, rather jumpy attitude, Raine felt suddenly excited about this confrontation.  He now felt eager in a way that he had never expected to and he wasn’t completely sure he wanted this new, perverse twist in his outlook to change.  He was not by nature a violent man however, in the face of the violations of his right to simply be, to live and let live, Raine fed his fury and indignation.
Straightening his spine and throwing back his shoulders Raine opened the stairwell door.  He no longer bothered with a quiet entrance but flung the door wide, hitting the wall with a bang that reverberated up and down the hall.  He walked boldly into the hall and saw them, startled and pale, weapons drawn at a frontal assault they had never anticipated.
The conversation ground to a halt.  The voices of the three echoed hollowly down the hall and were lost in the encroaching darkness.  In turn each stood slowly from their relaxed, indolent positions, their eyes now glued to him and watching his every move.
He walked slowly towards them with hands out at his sides, palms up showing them that he was unarmed in case they were easily spooked and did something rash.  “Where’s my family?” He asked with his gaze trained coldly, exclusively on Baxter.
A freezing blue-gray gaze met his.  Without flinching or looking away the other man favored him with a kind of off-kilter smile that never reached his eyes.  Bowing slightly in a faintly mocking gesture, Baxter instead of answering his question replied, “Raine, just the man we’ve been waiting for.”
With a decisive click and an antagonistic flick of his wrist Baxter unlocked the safety on his gun and aimed the barrel at Raine’s head. “Glad you could join us,” He told Raine in a cold whisper that positively dripped with madness.
“Where’s my family?” Raine repeated, his voice laden with loathing and decidedly not of a state of mind to be toyed with.
“You’ll see them soon enough,” Baxter told him quite patiently and then ruined the polite effect when he cocked his gun; “Right now you’re not really in a position to demand anything.” Baxter’s whisper was hoarse, chilling as he added, “I have your family and I make the rules.”
Raine wondered fleetingly if Baxter knew how closely he trod to the edge of Raine’s self-control.  More than likely not, would’ve been Raine’s first and most astute guess.  If he did Baxter wouldn’t be trying to antagonize Raine but he was right in a way so Raine decided to humor him for the time being.  
He leveled Baxter with a piercing, unbroken stare and crossed his arms over his chest asking in an undemanding voice, “Okay, what is it you want?”
A certain twisted triumph lit up Baxter’s eyes and his lips curved in a mirthless smile when he answered, “I want to see you dead.”
“Tell me something I don’t already know,” Raine shot back sarcastically.
In two long, purposeful strides Baxter closed the distance that separated them.  Standing nose to nose so that Raine could smell his fetid breath, Baxter snarled, “Don’t mess with me boy, you have no idea who you’re trying to toy with.”
“Don’t I?” Raine asked Baxter, mirroring the man’s rude demeanor.  Adamantly refusing to be cowed, Raine stood his ground.  Cocking his head slightly to the left he looked at Vince and Leo, who had walked up behind Baxter with a single, contemptuous glance.  He nodded his head vaguely in their direction and asked, “Do those idiots only do what they’re told or do they grow a brain every now and then?”
“They do what I tell them to do, why do you ask?” Baxter countered.
“Because now I know,” Raine replied simply.  He wanted Baxter to get mad, so mad that he would slip up and make a careless mistake.
“Know what?” Baxter asked, taking the bait for a moment with a slight, exasperated roll of his eyes.
“I know which of you three I am and am not going to kill,” Raine supplied matter of factly.
“What makes you think you’ll kill any of us?” Baxter laughed at him, clearly amused by Raine’s confidence.
“I just do,” Raine answered, fighting to control the tunnel vision that was beginning to creep up on him.
“Have you decided then, which of us you think you’ll do away with?” Baxter asked, interested despite himself.
“Oh yes, I already know,” Raine returned, scrutinizing the curiosity that crept into Baxter’s eyes.
“Well, my boy,” Baxter said amiably, “Don’t keep us in suspense,” He finished sardonically.
Raine’s eyebrow lifted mockingly, “You, of course.  Or didn’t you figure that one out?”
For an instant Raine saw fury flicker across Baxter’s otherwise complacent face.  The man recovered himself quickly and asked slowly, as if he wasn’t completely sure he understood, “Why just me, why not them as well?”
Raine gave a nonchalant, indifferent shrug and replied, “They’re just your goons.  Why would I kill someone who just took orders?”
“A valuable point but an unlikely conclusion,” Baxter stated, his eyes laughing at Raine.
“What makes you think so?” Raine asked affecting an inquisitiveness he didn’t really feel.  The man really was no genius.
“Quite simply because if by some miraculous chance you did manage to kill one of us the other two would kill you.” Baxter replied, “And you would fail to free your family.  Who would stop Vince and Leo from killing them when you and I are both gone?  Vince really is very bloodthirsty.  And you would still leave this place in a body bag, which is what I set out to do in the first place.  This means that if you only kill me I win regardless of whether or not I leave here alive.” Baxter finished on a note of triumph.
“I see your point,” Raine applauded lightly, mockingly, “But you missed one thing.”
“What might that be?” Baxter asked him with a soft snort of derision.
“Who says I’m just going to let them go?  They were the ones who took my wife and kids.”  Raine said this last on a snarl, trying to let Baxter know that he’d had enough.
The fluorescent lamps above their heads lit and then followed suit throughout the remainder of the hallway all the way to the end, casting the five that stood there in bright, white brilliance.  They stayed on for a moment or two and then dimmed, casting all of them in long shadow.  When they turned off completely, shrouding them in darkness again Vince uttered a low, frightened, bestial cry.
The power had been cut off to this wing of the hospital when it had been sealed off and the heating ducts had been sealed.  Even the lamp that they’d used to play cards had been powered by a drop cord that led to a generator Raine could hear humming softly from somewhere off to his left.  There shouldn’t have been any electrical surges of any kind.
So it was completely unnatural that the hallway should begin to get so unbearably hot, sweltering in fact.  Raine doffed the jacket that he had worn to the asylum which, in the previously chilly atmosphere of the unheated wing had come in handy.  
Now heat was rising from floor to ceiling in eye-bending waves.  Sweat poured in rivulets from their faces as they stood there in their enormously impractical fleece and padded cotton winter apparel.  The moisture that leaked in large droplets from their foreheads and collected on their noses and chins finally fell to the floor where it splattered and then evaporated with a sharp hiss.  
The three looked at their feet where the tiles of the floor were becoming concave, sinking and bowing with the heat and the weight on them.  The soles of their shoes were becoming pliant, melting and releasing the noxious odor of burning rubber.
Raine watched through the blackness of his peripheral vision as terror contorted Vince and Leo’s features.  Baxter began to look only uncertain or mildly fearful next to the imbalance that glittered in his eyes.  Vince and Leo couldn’t quite make the connection and didn’t understand the parallels between the flickering lights and rapid surge in temperature and Raine’s ire.
Baxter knew though and he was the one who looked at Raine with a telltale sneer.  Neither of them had sidestepped by so much as an inch when they’d faced each other.  Now Baxter backed up a pace from his position, raised his hand and curled up his fist, hitting Raine with a blow that would’ve, buckled a more diminutive man then and there.
Raine’s head only snapped to the side and he turned back to face Baxter rubbing his jaw and cheek gently, his eyes suddenly shrouded with a fathomless, enigmatic nothingness.
Baxter had never looked so unsure of himself.  His face, unveiled for a heartbeat showed clearly and brightly how petrified he truly was.  He controlled his features and arranged them into a semblance of emotionless calm.  It was then, in a fit of imbalance and recklessness, he made his careless error.  
With a smiling sneer Baxter met Raine’s gaze and told him, his voice a falsely barren vista, “Sierra didn’t do anything when I hit her either.  Of course it could’ve been because she was out cold.”
The black wrath that filled Raine’s mind completely eclipsed any thoughts of the self-control he’d been striving for until that moment.  To know that Baxter had struck his wife, which was the stinging pain that he’d felt across his cheek at Selby’s house filled him with rage.
The periphery of Raine’s vision disappeared completely and he didn’t care.  His line of sight focused exclusively on Baxter and the red mist that exploded in front of his eyes made the other man’s repulsive features become distorted and indistinct.  He saw through the red curtain of blind rage the pure, unadulterated terror on Baxter’s face as he finally realized that he had gone too far but it was too late.
With a wordless roar of turbulent fury, Raine unlocked the floodgates in his mind.

Leo wasn’t completely certain Baxter had thought he was doing when he made such an idiotic move.  He was sure of the look in Raine’s eyes when Baxter told him about hitting Sierra.  He had never seen such fury in his life.  Leo had the vague feeling that he should escape, get while the getting was good but that wasn’t what truly happened.
Raine seemed to block out everything and everyone and concentrate solely on Baxter.  Baxter, true to form attempted to stare Raine out of countenance.  It didn’t work.  In fact Leo had never seen a scare tactic fail so miserably.
Raine, his eyes wide and feverishly furious stared right back at Baxter, his gaze unbroken and scalding in its intensity.
The temperature in the hall rose rapidly, marginally.
The overhead lights turned on, glowing more brightly than they should have in the first place.  They stayed on this time, shining over the white-gray floor tiles with glaring luminosity.  Pressure and power stretched outward from Raine and vibrated in the air around them.
A disembodied voice echoed around him and through him, clinging indelibly to the fringes of his mind even as it reverberated with lethal intent throughout the hall.
You’ll know what it means to fear, Baxter.  Death is too easy, too quick for you.
Leo’s eyes riveted on Baxter’s face wondering about the voice he knew that all of them had heard.
Baxter’s eyes had become cloudy, distant and glassy and his face began to turn red.  His pupils dilated and then retracted again, became pinpoints in his irises and then faded to nothing.  Leo wondered briefly if Baxter could see at all.
Then Baxter shuddered, convulsed slightly.  Bending over double at the waist, he clasped his hands on either side of his head at his temples and released an agonized moan.  His eyes were bloodshot and his face and neck, already red with anger reddened even more from what Leo could only describe as strain.  The blood vessel in his forehead enlarged, pulsing heavily, mirroring the pounding of his heart.
The voice sounded again, still bodiless and deadly with cold blooded rage but stronger now and more distinct than it had been previously.
For all of those you hurt, Baxter, now you’ll know.
Baxter screamed a bloodcurdling scream and the whites of his eyes flooded with a terrifying red at those last ghostly words.  Lifting his gun in the air he began to fire.
His shots weren’t aimed at anyone in particular.  He seemed to be trying to fire in all directions at once without rhyme or reason.
From the corner of his eye Leo saw Raine hit the floor.  He also saw that Raine’s eyes and concentration never left Baxter and he never showed any fear.
Leo had no time to think about Raine, instead he watched Baxter.  The man’s eyes, now full red but for the blue of his irises leveled with malicious intent on Vince.  His gaze once cool and indifferent and carefully controlled now sparkled with a kind of merry insanity as he aimed his firearm at Vince and pulled the trigger.
There was no time to think, only react.  With a courage of which he had not known he was capable Leo lunged.  
Leo felt the impact as the slug entered the left side of his chest.  Looking down in dazed disbelief at the blood that now flowed unchecked down his shirt, he wondered distantly why he felt no pain from the bullet wound.  What he did feel was the white hot agony that burst within his chest when his heart began to pound and then stopped altogether.
It was getting cold in the hallway; someone should’ve turned up the thermostat, he thought dumbly with a certain kind of delirium.  His knees gave way and he would have hit the floor with a thud had it not been for the arms that caught him and broke his fall.
He looked up in confusion, trying to thank Vince for his help only to have the words lodge in his throat.  He coughed; a single, weak, painful gagging and tasted the blood that ran from his mouth.  Vince was looking down at him, pale and stricken and more than a little confused.  He tried to speak up, tried to tell Vince that it was okay because it didn’t even hurt anymore.
The words never came though, because Leo felt himself being pulled into an endless, cold, black void and he accepted the comfort it offered.  With a last gasping prayer for his family Leonard Hendrikson surrendered.  He exhaled once and was gone.

Vince watched the light leave Leo’s eyes and felt a certain desperate grief.  The boy had given his life for Vince’s and the reasoning escaped him.  He looked up at Baxter, a new hatred and a new threat warring for dominance with the old friendship in his mind.
He needn’t have bothered.  Baxter’s face had gone slack, utterly blank.  Not even the most opaque hint of emotion showed in the blue and red depths of his eyes and a thin string of drool traced its way down his chin.
Leo was dead.  Little Leo had died to save Vince.  The thought enraged him and he cast about with his eyes looking for something, anything on which to vent his fury.  His gaze locked onto Raine, who had picked himself up off the floor and now stood facing Vince where he crouched on the floor beside his fallen partner.  Vince reached for his gun.
He never got the chance to use it on Raine.  With a suddenness that left him mildly shocked he felt a presence in his mind.  He didn’t know how he knew it was there or what purpose it served, he just knew.  Filmy, wispy and distant he felt the intruder seize control with an iron grip.  Vince, with an ease that might’ve embarrassed him if he truly grasped the import of what went on, became a puppet.
His body moved outside his will.  Even as he knew what happened and was fully aware of what went on, Vince looked at the shiny black metal of the firearm in his hand.  Then his heart racing with the panic he felt because he was not in control of his own actions he lifted the gun.  Putting the barrel against his temple he closed his eyes and clenched his jaw.
The voice sounded again.  Cold and pronounced, it was the one they had all heard before echoing up and down the hall although this time it was for his ears alone.
Do it, Vince, now.
Vince’s heart and brain screamed a frantic warning that his body would not heed.  A smile curved his lips even as tears of pure terror streamed from his eyes.  He didn’t want to do this, didn’t want it to end, not like this.
Vince pulled the trigger.

Raine looked around with something akin to satisfaction.  Blood pooled on the floor from the fallen Vince and Leo, splattered across Baxter’s lax face and the front of his once pristine shirt.  He looked quickly around for Luther who had become quiet and circumspect from the moment that they had entered the hallway.
Luther was standing up from the floor where he too had hit the ground when Baxter had begun to fire.  Looking quizzically around, his eyes showing his bewilderment he asked Raine softly, “What did you do?”
Raine shrugged with a simple, off-hand gesture, his hands lifted akimbo, “A push here, a nudge there.”
Luther’s right eyebrow lifted sardonically and he glanced at Baxter, “And what about him?”
Raine’s eyes grew cold for a moment when his gaze traveled in the direction Luther pointed, “I locked him up the way he did me.”
“Care to be more specific?” Luther questioned softly, his voice deadpan in opposition to the curiosity alive in his gaze.
“No,” Raine answered, and then he turned to the door that the three had been guarding.  Laying his hand aside the knob and hearing the click of the lock, he opened the door and stepped inside the small room that had been prison to Sierra and the girls.
A soft whimper of fear greeted him and the shadows that curled up in the corner scooted away from his advancing form.
“Sierra, it’s me,” He said into the darkness, his tone low so he wouldn’t frighten the twins, who seemed scared nearly witless already.
“Raine?  Raine, thank God!” She cried.  In the next moment Raine was bombarded by his wife and children as they flung themselves, sobbing into the protective circle of his open arms.
“Can we leave now Daddy?  Can we, please?” One of the twins asked with a hoarse whisper and Raine smiled gently down at them.
“Yes, we can leave now,” Raine answered and then he added, “You’ll need to hold on to me, close your eyes tight and keep them closed, okay?  We’ll be gone before you know it.”
Throwing a telling look at Sierra which he hoped she could see in the darkness, he told her in an under tone, “There’s something right outside the door I don’t want them to see.”
Then he noticed her left eye.  It was swollen and darkly, painfully bruised.  He also noticed that when she looked at the light beyond the door she flinched as if it hurt.  Touching the left side of her face in a gentle caress, he watched the bruise heal and the swelling recede.  
When Sierra was healed, she breathed a sigh of relief as a great pressure had been taken off of the entire left side of her face.  She smiled at him and nodded softly, “That feels better,” She whispered before she helped the twins into Raine’s arms and followed him out of the room.
“Remember you two, no peeking,” Raine reminded Renee and Elizabeth and when he felt them both bury their faces in the side of his neck he knew he wouldn’t have say it again.
When they stepped out into the hall Sierra looked around once in alarm and her eyes fell on Baxter.  He hadn’t moved from the spot where he’d been standing when he told Raine about having struck Sierra but the distant look on his face didn’t ease the worry and hurt that tightened hers.  She looked away with a resolute shake of her head and determined straightening of her shoulders.  Then she glanced at Raine and whispered, “Let’s get the hell out of here.”
Raine needed no further urging.
When Dr. Worthington was found, it was oddly enough by a resident of the asylum.  Lily Brockenstat, a homely eighteen-year-old had committed herself a week ago for a psychological evaluation.  As luck would have it she was not a suicidal sort and so she didn’t use the gun the dead doctor still held in his stiff, cold fingers.  
She would still never again be the same after what she’d seen.  Shortly thereafter, she was transferred to another facility when she began to suffer nightmares where the dead Worthington was miraculously reanimated and pursuing her, calling to her with lethal intent.
Dwight Keeter, the security guard that ran to the scene amid her bloodcurdling screams and found the dead doctor immediately quit his job.  Although the official records of the hospital showed that he’d been fired no one would admit it.  The unofficial off the record reason became unsatisfactory work performance.  He had been listening to the nightly news and so he hadn’t been attending to his rounds.  
If asked about it, the other guards would state that when the incident occurred they were all outside running a check on the grounds and so they didn’t know any further details.
Dwight, when asked a short time later in the throes of shock, pale and sickly looking would say only that he had been a security guard for twenty years.  Even as a seasoned professional he’d never had to deal with something like that and didn’t feel that he was paid enough.  
He never recovered from the ordeal and less than three full days later he committed himself and there he still remains, resident of the hospital he once guarded.
A short memorial service was held for the doctor by the residents of the asylum, which seemed only fitting as a goodly number of them had been his patients.
The morning was sunny and brisk though not frigid as it had previously been when, with tears aplenty streaming down stricken faces Dr. James Worthington was laid to rest.
May he be lost but never forgotten.
Vince, Leo, and Baxter were found when residents began to complain of the dull thudding noises coming from the sealed wing of the hospital.  All of them were convinced that the asylum was haunted and wanted one of the doctors to hire an exorcist.  He decided to check for himself instead and when he discovered the bodies, after getting violently sick, had them quickly removed from the hospital and quietly buried in unmarked graves.  
No conclusive records of Vince Avery and Leonard Hendrikson, the names that showed on their identification ever proved that they really existed.
Baxter had been the source of the thudding the residents had heard.  Somehow he’d managed while walking aimlessly to make his way into the room where he’d held Sierra and the twins.  When the door closed he had been unable to find any way out on his own and he’d been walking steadily into the door that held him captive.
When he was found his face was bruised and swollen from repeated contact with the door and he had soiled himself repeatedly.  The whites of his eyes were still red, a condition that never disappeared much to the puzzlement of the doctors that examined him.
When it was that he was questioned about what had occurred in that hallway he gave no answers and simply stared blankly into space.  Eventually he was diagnosed catatonic and then declared legally incompetent and made lifelong resident at the hospital.  
Put into the same room that had once been Raine’s in his youth in an ironic twist, Baxter only had the agonized screaming of a middle aged but still alive May Beth to keep him company.  He was locked away and no one ever seemed to guess at the petrified screams that echoed constantly through Baxter’s own head.
