Subterfuge: Assassin Quintet Book 2


Joshua Dyer



Published by Joshua Dyer



Copyright 2013
Joshua Dyer






Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Chapter 1


June 2041
Cheyenne, WY


Pat McGarren and his newfound companion had been on the highways for several hours since their escape from the clinic in Utah. The pain in his leg settled into a dull burn. 
“Do you have a name?” he asked. The driver of the Ferrari smiled and kept her brown eyes on the rolling road.
“Ivy,” she said. She brushed the shoulder-length black hair back behind her left ear. 
“How did you know where to find me?”
Her soft Asian stare hardened. “I have my ways.”
“Do you know much about this doc that we’re going to see?” Pat held up the small slip of paper that Ms. Moran had given him earlier that morning. 
Ivy shook her head. “Never heard of him.”
“This Minutemen network thing must be pretty big,” McGarren said admiring the steel monoliths of the cityscape. “How many of you are there?”
Ivy shrugged her right shoulder.  “Too many for me to count.”
“Ok,” he said. “What about you, then? What’s your story?”
“You really want to open that can of worms?” She tossed him a flirtatious glance.
His worn eyes found a warmth in hers that eased the misery of this whole experience. 
“Fine,” she said with a sigh. “Me in a nutshell. I was born and raised mostly in China. There was a big push by the government decades ago to euthanize the oldest female in every family. It was their demonized attempt at population control. My mom used to tell me stories of how they hid me in a hole in the ground that we used as a toilet.”
“My God,” Pat muttered. 
“Once I was able, I found a way here to the States.”
“Do you ever go back?” Patrick asked gulping down a wad of saliva. “I mean, do you still see your folks?”
“I tried to find them a long time ago,” Ivy said forcing down the lump in her throat. “My aunt told me that they had died in a prison camp. Malnutrition and being worked to death basically.”
“I – I’m sorry,” Pat began, “I shouldn’t have…”
“You didn’t know,” Ivy said resting her slender hand on his. “What about you?”
“Me?”
“Mmm hmm.”
He eased back into his Italian leather seat. “I’m just a boy from L’eezieanna.”
A chuckle popped out of her mouth as she wove around the growing morning rush. 
“A boy from where? Louisiana?”
“Yup,” McGarren said proudly. “That’s what I said. Anyway, I played ball and all back in school. Then I somehow found my way into banking and climbed their corporate ladder.”
“Riveting.”
“Hey,” he said in a defiant tone. “It pays the bills. Now they got me set up for embezzlement and want me dead.”
“They?”
“That’s just it,” he said staring out his side of the sports car. “I don’t know who is doing this, or why.”
Ivy steered the Ferrari off of I-80 and onto a strip lined with fast food joints and shopping plazas.
“If you have been framed then a puppet master is pulling the strings somewhere.”
She led them along the main strip for a few blocks before turning into an upscale subdivision. A large manmade waterfall lay around the massive stone signage and let them know they were in the right place.
“Belle Meadows?” Ivy asked turning the car into the neighborhood.
“Yup,” Pat replied. “This is the place.”
Irving Pendleton’s residence sat on a half-acre lot at the end of its cul-de-sac. Most of his other neighbors had opted for the more state-of-the-art homes, but Dr. Pendleton had never been a conformist. 
“Hard to miss this place, I guess,” Pat said as the Ferrari pulled up into the paved driveway of the huge Victorian home. 
“Beautiful place,” Ivy said stepping out of the land jet’s cockpit. 
The morning dew still sat atop the well-manicured turf like a thousand small prisms. The garage door sat ajar, and the doc’s Mercedes idled in its concrete tomb. 
“Maybe he’s on a late shift,” McGarren said.
Ivy shook her head.
“Looks like it might be a leisurely outing at the country club,” she said nodding in the direction of the golf bag standing next to the garage’s side entry. 
Pat led the way up to the front door. He grabbed the large silver knocker and swung it down toward the door. 
“Whoa!” 
The door swung open nearly taking Patrick with it. A whimper cut through the strange aroma of cooking meat that hung in the air. 
“Hello? Dr. Pendleton?” he called into the foyer. “It’s Pat McGarren. Ms. Moran sent me.”
A louder muffled cry came from the kitchen at the end of the narrow hallway. 
“Somethin’ ain’t right,” Pat said. 
“Let’s get in there,” Ivy said pushing her companion through the doorway. 
Patrick crept down the narrow hall past a set of carpeted stairs on his right. A brown leather jacket and black knit cap lay on an oak side table to his left under an oval mirror. The scene that they found beyond the archway to the kitchen left both mortified. 
Irving, a black man in his mid-forties, sat bound and gagged to one of his own elegant dining chairs at the table. His assailant had tied the good doctor’s hands at the wrists by thick white rope. One of Irving’s hands lay in a pool of blood on a carving board in front of him. 
“Christ almighty!” McGarren exclaimed shuffling out of Ivy’s way. 
“What the hell?” she asked when she caught a glimpse at the plate setting adjacent to the doctor. 
A small pile of scrambled eggs adorned with ketchup sat next to two skillet-fried human fingers; one of them had a few bites taken out of it. Someone else was in the house, and they had a sick sense of humor. Irving’s almond eyes locked with Pat’s horrified stare and pleaded for mercy. 
Just then, another person came bounding down the staircase and into the makeshift torture cell.
“I couldn’t find a shirt in my size, but…” the man’s voice trailed off. 
His sandpaper face clenched in disgust when he found the intruders in his sanctuary.
“Got here sooner than I had planned for,” the man said in a strong French accent. His green glare pierced through to Patrick’s soul. “Doctor Pendleton was just giving me a hand with breakfast.” 
The cannibal snatched his jacket off of the small table and flung it into Patrick’s face. 
“Get him loose, and get out!” Ivy shouted as she landed a right foot to the assailant’s left kidney. 
McGarren got to Irving’s chair, grabbed the knife off of the table and cut the bindings around his calves free. A sharp whistle caught his attention as Pendleton hobbled toward the back door. Pat tossed the carving knife into Ivy’s open hand as she awaited her adversary’s next assault. 
“I’ll come back in a…” he started.
“No! Just get him to a neighbor and stay away.”
Pat took the stunned shell of a man out onto the back patio and around the corner out of sight. 
“Looks like it’s just you and I,” the invader said. “Asian food usually gives me heartburn this early in the day, but I guess you’ll have to suffice.” 
Ivy’s attacker stood only a few inches taller than her own sixty-five inch frame. He pulled the meat cleaver out of the carving board and hovered near the far end of the oval table. His emerald gaze burned with the fire of a madman.
“I don’t remember you,” he said. The French Canadian accent dripped off of his hoarse voice. “You must have come on board after Minnesota.”
“Just who the hell are you?” she hissed as she inched counterclockwise around the table. 
“No matter,” he said. “I’m gonna julienne your sweet ass and then baste it.”



Patrick helped Irving slide the gag down around his throat as they stumbled through a hedgerow and out into the side yard. 
“You’ve gotta get your ass out of the country!” Pendleton exclaimed clutching his mangled stump. “That’s the only way to buy yourself enough time.”
“Let’s get you over to your neighbor’s,” Pat said. “Then we’ll get you a lift to the hospital.” 
“Don’t worry about that,” Irving said through a flood of searing pain. “Ah! Just get to the Masonic Lodge in North Platte, Nebraska.”
Pendleton shuffled across the neighboring driveway and up onto the Hampton’s front wrap-around porch. 
“Tell ‘em you are with me!” 
McGarren nodded and headed back toward the melee reverberating from the interior of Irving’s home. As Pat approached the back deck the madman’s voice became more distinct. 
“I should have killed your friend when I had the chance, too,” his Canadian accent snapped. 
McGarren snuck up onto the deck placing one foot gingerly over the other until he could see inside the white curtains on the door. Ivy was still alive, but wavering in and out of consciousness in the kitchen chair. The Canadian with short-cropped brown hair had yet to notice Pat’s eavesdropping. 
“I guess a celebration is in order,” he said. “You will be the first one to die.”
He brought the heavy cleaver down in a flash. Ivy belted out a brief shriek before her head fell back over the chair. 
“I was never really good a preparing tips,” he said, his voice doused in mania. “Always burned them.” 
Patrick knew that he had to come up with a plan and fast. She would bleed to death in a matter of minutes with her apparent injuries. A quick scan of the deck gave him what he needed. 
McGarren knelt down below the small windows on the door and gingerly turned the brushed brass knob clockwise with his left hand. The maniac stirred his latest culinary creation with the cleaver over the sizzling skillet. The back door popped open with a gentle crack from the gasket. 
“You know,” the Canadian said, “you should eat more. Put more meat on zem bones.” 
McGarren’s adversary must have heard his approaching footsteps, but he didn’t hear them in time. The hoarse cannibal spun around just in time to get a face full of shattered ceramic and topsoil. He collapsed to the tile floor of the kitchen with a thud. The killer shuffled back on the floor and pulled himself to his booted feet on the counter’s overhang. Pat grabbed the black iron skillet by the handle and swung it at the cannibal’s temple. McGarren’s opposition parried the blow with a swat of his cleaver. 
“Now you’re gonna die right along with them!” the murderer shouted. 
He twirled the massive blade around in his right hand as he felt out Pat’s weaknesses. The blade of the carving knife shimmered in the corner of Pat’s eye on the counter next to him. McGarren felt like some sort of deranged culinary knight as he stood across from his attacker – skillet shield in one hand and the knife in the other. 
The attacker poked the end of his weapon toward McGarren’s gut. Pat pushed each playful jab back with his frying pan. 
“She’s here to kill you. Don’t you get that, you moron?”
The Canadian swung his meat cleaver down on a trajectory targeting Patrick’s crown. McGarren fell to one knee and brought the skillet over his head. He took the brief opening that he had and buried the blade of his carving knife deep into the groin of his assailant. The killer rolled over onto the tiles letting out a scream of rage. Pat stood firm – ready for whatever this guy might try next. As he figured, the nearly-bald wild man sprung up at his waist with a furious shriek. Pat’s athletic instincts from college and high school took over. 
Plant your back foot, accelerate around your waist, lead with your left foot and…
CLANG!
The bottom of the skillet connected with the man’s forehead. His body went limp against the far wall as blood pooled between his legs. 
Patrick turned to Ivy who sat passed out cold in the chair at the table. He took inventory on her body for vital injuries.  She had all of her fingers. The ends of Irving’s had been not as fortunate. Crusted crimson matted the short-cropped hair on the right side of her head. 
“Shit!” McGarren exclaimed. “If I were a doc, where would I?”
He looked at the doors under the sink.
“Bingo.”
He tossed his weapons on the table and dug around in the dank storage area. A neat white box crested with a red cross sat tucked away behind some dish soap and cleaning wipes. 
“In – Intrusion detected,” a cold feminine voice said whirring back to life from the bowels of the house. 
A petite island girl appeared in the doorway to the kitchen under a fan of light. “The authorities have been notified, Dr. Pendleton,” it said. “The emergency responders should be here in moments to tend to your injuries.”
“We don’t have time,” Pat said unwinding a roll of bandage mesh. “This won’t be pretty, but it’ll do the job.” 
He placed a white square of cloth over her wound and wrapped the mesh over her head and under her chin. The faint wail of police sirens droned in the distance. 
“The front entrance has been secured, doctor.”
“Son of a bitch,” he muttered looking for an escape hatch. 
A cool gentle breeze wove its way up under his torn slacks beckoning him to its source. McGarren scooped up the sleeping woman and turned toward the back door. Pat looked into Ivy’s sallow face. What did he mean? If this madman knew that much, did he know pulled the strings on my case? It didn’t matter right then. In a few minutes this house and its horrors would both be distant memories. 
Media Excerpt
(Taken from the news commentary show “The Counterpoint”, June 2041)


(INTRO MUSIC BED; ROLL VIDEO FOOTAGE)

DAN: An incident high over the Earth’s surface nearly costs several crews their lives. We’ll see what the International Galactic League has to say about it. 

(ROLL VIDEO FROM WYOMING)

DAN: A small town in Wyoming is left shattered after one of its neighbors narrowly escapes a raving murderer. What would prompt someone to do something so horrifying? We’ll have these stories and more coming up on The Counterpoint.

(CAMER 1 SLOW ZOOM ON DAN; IGL LOGO KEYED OVER SHOULDER)

DAN: Welcome to The Counterpoint. I’m Dan Walker. Four crews from three different IGL teams nearly collided in high orbit during this week’s match. What went wrong? Who’s to blame? We’ll sit down with IGL spokesperson, Mia Feldman to hear the story. But first… 

(SWITCH KEY OVER SHOULDER TO WYOMING HOUSE)

DAN: Here’s a story straight out of the horror section of your favorite Cloud Café. A doctor in the small Wyoming suburb of Cheyenne gets caught up in the middle of what can only be described as a nightmare. The victim, who chooses to remain anonymous, sat down with me in an exclusive interview.

(ROLL INTERVIEW PACKAGE)

DAN: If you can, sir, please describe for us what happened to you during this ordeal.
MAN: (cloaked voice) I had just come downstairs to fix my breakfast like always. I sat my coffee on the counter and went to answer the doorbell. The man seemed friendly enough. He wanted to invite me to a new local church. So, I invited him in for coffee. 
DAN: And what happened then?
MAN: I – I don’t know for sure. He must have hit me with something because I blacked out. The next thing I know I’m tied up in one of my kitchen chairs and my hand is missing. That’s (sobs) that’s when I saw it. 
DAN: What? 
MAN: He sat down across the table from me and picked up one of my fingers and started eating it. (sobs) I’m sorry. It’s so hard to relive. 
DAN: I understand. 
MAN: Do you? Do you really understand what it was like to watch someone fry up your body parts and eat them? What kind of person would do something like that?
DAN: We’ll take a brief pause and come back to this story after the break. Stay tuned. 

Chapter 2


June 2041
Pittsburgh, PA


The top floor of the hotel gave Robert Cooper a panoramic view of the city’s nighttime skyline. The fifty-year-old man ran an arthritic hand through his thinning white hair.
“You approved the verdict?” he asked into his small cell phone. Robert Cooper’s voice had grown more gravely over the last few years thanks in part to his cigar habit.
“Mmm hmm,” a male voice on the other end replied.
“Have they been dispatched?”
“I confirmed that the order was signed by the Supreme Court personally,” the judge said. “They should be on the hunt as we speak.” 
“Very well, your Honor,” Cooper said. “You’ve done a great and noble service to your fellow man.” 
Cooper studied his reflection in the wall of glass. His hawk-like face retained the glory of its youth. His sharp grey eyes held their predatory sheen. His tanned leathery skin may have shown that he had grown too old to be the alpha male, but the others in the pride still feared him. Not for his physical strength or prowess, but for his ability to influence others to do it for him. 
“You will have our continued support in your upcoming campaign season.”
“Always a pleasure doing business with you, Mr. Cooper.”
The business mogul turned off his cell and slid the thin card back into his breast pocket. Things rolled along right on schedule. 
Across the room, a small crowd of bloggers and media CEOs gathered like mosquitoes to a fat man’s leg around one person. Robert knew the young man from his recent spread in Architectural Digest – Nathan Blane. Blane had been something of a prodigy in modern civil engineering and design. His discovery of a recyclable concrete called Repress launched him from a wunderkind into the upper strata of billionaires in a matter of weeks. All of the major players in the industry bought into his system. Now, they could demo a skyscraper one day and reprocess its concrete for use on their new high rise across town. 
If a horseshit sandwich would save them time and money they’d buy it, too, Cooper thought as he walked up to the twenty-something billionaire. Blane remained engaged in another one of his discussions of public opinion. This one centered around the upcoming season in the International Galactic League. 
“The Colorado Comets are planning to send a probe to Jupiter this season,” Nathan said as his small swarm listened on with mild amusement. “It should arrive in the planet’s orbit at the start of the upcoming regular season.”
“What will the probe do?” one of the bloggers inquired.
Nathan shifted his weight to the other leg and took a nip from his tumbler half-full of imported scotch. 
“We plan to have it measure the wind speeds within the Great Red Spot as well as what the storm consists of on a chemical level.”
“Do you think that the probe will survive the destruction within the great storm?” another interviewer asked.
“Our scientific team has ensured me that our instruments can withstand winds in excess of 900 miles per hour. The winds in the Great Spot are only estimated to be around 600. Can you imagine that?”
“It’s great to see some younger inspiration finding its way into the field. Robert Cooper,” he said extending his hand out to the young protégé. 
Nathan turned from his thoughts and the group to meet the owner of the crooked hand face to face. After it became painfully apparent that Blane had no intention of returning the gesture, the bloggers turned their recorders to the unfolding drama. 
 “I don’t know how you can say that with any amount of pride in your voice,” Nathan retorted. 
Cooper felt his blood flooding into his neck and flushing his cheeks. Black specks flooded the venture capitalist’s field of vision as the demons of his rage begged to be set free. 
This is neither the time nor the place, the middle-aged mogul thought calming his impulses. 
Cooper lowered his hand gently to his right side. “I can’t begin to imagine what it is that you’re referring to.”
“Then allow me to clarify my point for you,” Nathan said. His tone bit like a viper. “The Comets won the cup last season. Your nephew robbed them of what they earned and brought shame upon the entire League.”
“I have little interest in what Troy does and even less in sports.”
Cooper spoke more to the reporters than to his accuser. His snow white brows furrowed in contempt. 
“I was able to study your designs for Hell’s Forge as a part of my graduate work in school.” Nathan widened his stance claiming more territory for the kingdom of Blane. 
“Oh, did you now?” Cooper asked in a condescending tone. He, too, slid his size elevens out across the thin carpeting. 
Blane nodded and took another swig of his scotch.
“They were par for the course with your previous visions. Boring, unoriginal and uninspiring eyesores really.”
Cooper’s inner fury clawed at his psyche. This snot-nosed little son of a bitch. How dare he?
“I can see why they pulled the plug on your project way back when,” the young arrogant architect commented. “It was a deathtrap waiting to happen.”
Cooper’s predatory grey stare narrowed in on its target. If it’s an architect that the Cell’s looking for, he thought, then an architect they shall have!
Cooper excused himself from the small flock of socialites and strode over to a far-flung corner of the suite snagging a fresh glass of whiskey along the way. He pulled out a small clear card and held it to his right ear.
“Call, Jagger.”
The cell responded with a faint bleep and his caller soon replied.
“Jagger here.”
“I need you to make some arrangements for me,” Cooper whispered into the thin card. “Send your girl Tink out to pay the Honorable Judge Evans a – special visit.”
“What’s our favor for his?” Jagger asked. His lower class British accent sounded heavier than usual  tonight. 
“I’ll forward you the files,” Cooper said. “I want him tied in.”
“Understood, boss. Anything else?”
“Yes,” Cooper said, “as a matter of fact, there is.”
An audible sigh came across the connection.
“What the hell is going on with McGarren? He should be dead by now.”
“I’ve run into a few unexpected complications,” Jagger replied. 
“This had better be good.”
“I’ve lost contact with Dom. He’s disappeared for now.”
“What do you mean disappeared?” The construction mogul was furious.
“Not to worry, though,” the Brit said in a cheerful tone. “We’ll bring him in one way or another.”
“For your sake, I hope so. I don’t need a deranged killer out on the loose. I won’t hide him from the Cell again.”
“Understood. Consider it done. Jagger, out.”
Cooper’s cell fell silent in his hand. 
“That dipshit had better fall back in line,” he muttered into the rim of his glass as he knocked back the rest of his tumbler in one gulp. Something didn’t add up in Cooper’s instincts, but the mogul couldn’t put his finger on the problem’s pulse. “For Jagger’s sake, that Canadian lunatic had better pull it together.”
Chapter 3


June 2041
Dallas, TX


“We have our ways of getting uncooperatives to see the light,” Jagger said sliding his cell back into one of the inside pockets on his blood red duster. 
“Who was that?” Troy asked rubbing his nose nervously.
“Who do you think? Your uncle, of course.” Jagger snapped removing his shades to reveal his crimson eyes.
The albino’s eerie stare intimidated most and he used it to his full advantage. He leaned his head full of white spikes in to within inches of Troy’s flawless features. 
“Seems as though Dom has gone and gotten himself into a bit o’ trouble again.” 
Troy’s muscular chest deflated underneath his matching blue three-piece suit. No matter how flustered the young entrepreneur got his blonde hair always remained matted to his head with a perfect part down the right side. 
“What did he do?”
Jagger felt Troy’s deep blue gaze searching his eyes for a read on his motives.
“He went and had himself a little buffet in Idaho,” the albino said. “Ate a little fat lady there and then decided to make himself some breakfast out in Wyoming somewhere.” 
“Holy Christ,” Troy said. His thin face grew pallid and green. 
“We’ve gotta bring him in,” Jagger said turning to peer into the large glass window of the lab, “and I think I’ve got just the man for the job.” 
Jagger watched as the gaze of Troy followed his into the work being completed in the room. Four surgeons toiled over the upper left portion of the huge steel table draped in a cloth. Meanwhile, three engineers put the finishing touches on the robotic legs in front of them in the lower right section. An arch of yellow sparks shot over the helmet of the engineer nearest to the window. The massive bionic knee joint jerked in response. 
“Do you think he’ll be able to travel in concealment?” Troy asked stuffing his hands into his pockets. “I mean, we just can’t hide something like this.”
Jagger rubbed his clean-shaven chin as he pondered that thought. 
“Hmm. You do have a point there Troy, my boy.”
“Can it operate a vehicle?”
“HE can, I’m sure,” Jagger said in the being’s defense. “He’s still a person.”
The surgeons pulled back a section of the white sterile blanket to reveal a shaven head and face. They touched up their handiwork on a cybernetic eye. Its stainless steel cylinder shimmered under the operating lights. Jagger could tell that even the most skilled doctors had yet to master connecting human flesh with metal. The cyborg’s mangled eye socket rolled up around the small metal cylinder in tiny ripples. A web of clear tubes fed a white viscous fluid into the man’s remaining arm and portion of his torso.
“Can your people whip up a means of transport for our new member?”
Troy studied their creation with unease and concern.
“I’m sure we can come up with something low profile and suitable.” He turned toward the door to the room as one of its engineers approached. “I just hope my uncle doesn’t catch wind of this experiment.” 
“You needn’t worry about that,” the albino said defiantly. 
“If I may request that you gentlemen follow me,” the little figure said waving them into the operating area. His white nametag read: Mullins.  
The stench of burnt wiring intermingled with what Jagger could only ascertain as a butcher’s shop flooded his thin nose. 
“We have been able to feed the subject a hormone-rich and nutrient-dense solution for several days,” the pint-sized nerd said. “A ‘roid shake, if you will,” he added with a nervous chortle and snort. 
“Marvelous,” Jagger said rubbing the inner edges of his eye sockets. 
“Anywho,” Mullins continued, “we hooked his remaining human components – torso, left arm, right shoulder and neck – up to muscle stimulators.”
The stumpy scientist pushed his thin rims up on his nose and motioned the tandem to follow him closer to his mad science experiment. 
“The result of or labors…” he began.
“Mother of God.” Troy’s jaw dropped as the surgical team removed the blanket and raised the table perpendicular to the floor. “He doesn’t even look like the same person.”
“Well,” Jagger said, “he isn’t. Danny died.”
 The fluorescent lighting overhead washed all remaining color from their creation. Borg’s muscle size had quadrupled from the thin thug that he had once been. Massive neck and shoulder muscles threatened to swallow the bald head whole. The cyborg’s upper arm looked like someone had barely been able to stuff a bowling ball under its skin. Borg’s remaining huge right pec flexed as another surge of electricity invaded it. 
“You were lucky that you got him to us when you did,” Mullins said rubbing his elongated forehead. “He had only been dead for a few minutes. Our medical team was able to reanimate the subject and preserve his vital organs.” 
Jagger strode across the room to come face to face with his newest Cerberus agent. “Quite a piece of work, aren’t you Borg?”
“Yes, well,” Mullins said, “we outfitted him – er, Borg – with the latest designs in lightweight cybernetic components.”
Mullin’s lab assistants released Borg’s remaining straps on the table. Troy jumped back a step as the cyborg’s massive feet landed on the tile. 
“What does he run on?” the blond mogul inquired as his blue eyes examined the fruit of his investment. 
Mullins walked over to the side of the cyborg and pointed to an area in its upper back. 
“He’s powered by a battery generator located in there,” the small man said. “The kinetic energy that he produces through motion is translated into raw current.”
Mullins walked back to stand beside his two taller companions. 
“So, it will never run out of power.” Jagger moved closer to the machine, and ran his crimson eyes over Borg’s face.
“Can it be killed?” Troy asked.
“Borg is living tissue mated with robotic components,” Mullins explained. “Yes, it can be killed, but only by shutting down its CPU.”
“It’s brain?” Troy asked pointing an index finger to the cyborg’s shaven head.
The engineer nodded.
“It’s not as fancy as the newer quantum processors,” he explained, “but the routing matrix at the base of his skull would have to be disconnected and destroyed.”
“Something worth noting,” Jagger said stepping back from the face of the machine. “Can it respond to me?” he asked turning to Mullins.
“Of course.”
“Good,” the British assassin said coldly sliding his dark shades back over his sensitive eyes. “Borg, can you hear me?”
The electric blue iris of the machine’s bionic left eye opened and then quickly narrowed to a pinpoint.
“I am fully operational and awaiting instructions,” Borg said. Its voice sounded like that of a human caught in tin can to Jagger. 
“Excellent,” Jagger said. “I can see we’re going to get along smashingly.” 
Chapter 4


June 2041
Western Nebraska


The interstate rolled on as Patrick maneuvered the red speed machine down the highway. Ivy lay still in the passenger seat slumped over against the door. 
“Looks as though the bleeding has stopped,” he said tossing a quick glance over at the side of her bandaged head. 
They passed over the state border no more than half an hour ago. By now, the cops had become fully entrenched in the crime scene back in Cheyenne. 
It’ll only be a matter of time, he thought. How many red Ferraris were there in Wyoming anyway? Pat figured that they were one of one, and once an eyewitness gave an investigator their descriptions it would surely hit the fan. 
McGarren stared off into the passing stripes on I-80 East. Irving’s words clung to his mind like a vulture to roadkill: ‘you’ve gotta get out of the country.’ 
“He’s right,” Pat said peering up into the dull mid-morning skies. “If their jurisdiction is strictly here in the States then I might stand a chance. I’m gonna have to get out before they put a BOLO all over the cloud, though.”
Ivy mumbled something in her restless slumber and rolled over to face Patrick in her seat. 
“Q… can’t tell him,” she whispered. Her thin lips cinched up into a single ruby red line. “Operation – can’t…” 
Pat moved his right hand over to shake her awake, but he changed his mind. 
“Must have been some crack on the head,” he said. “What’s going on in there?” 



Ivy ran through a monochrome void. The stealthy assassin darted through a wall of fog and into darkness. A low distorted voice boomed somewhere overhead like a tape recorder stuck in slow speed.
‘Ivy. This is Q. Please respond.’
Her unseen assailant’s menacing laughter echoed all around the shadowy void. 
“You owe me, girl!” the male voice said. “They’ll all die if you don’t deliver.” 
The emptiness under the assassin’s feet melted into a small gravel road. Ivy ran up the small banking path that terminated in a poorly paved parking lot. She recognized this building. Her older brothers and sisters both worked in this factory making shoes bound for western nations. Once again, the slow booming voice beckoned from beyond the gray skies. 
‘Ivy. Please respond. Ivy?’
A massive ball of ice came down out of nowhere onto the building. Its impact blew out the front wall sending torn sheets of blue metal and broken windows hurling toward Ivy. She turned and ducked behind a compact car; a fractured two-by-four plowed through its windshield right beside her head. Another huger ice meteor fell off to her right crushing several more vehicles before it bounced over the hillside. 
‘Ivy. Your signal is going…’



“Damn!” Patrick shouted into the intensifying hailstorm. “This isn’t looking too good.” 
 A dark wall of cloud cover forced its way westward chasing after them on the highway from beyond his window. Several more stones the size of baseballs relentlessly pelted the sports car’s hood. 
“We’re gonna have to get out of this crap.”
McGarren flew past a large green sign that offered a few gas stations and fast food stops less than a mile ahead. A black ring swirled up a few hundred yards behind him on the interstate. After Pat pulled the Ferrari off onto the exit ramp, he looked back into the rearview mirror. A thin column of dirt and debris shot off of the ground to join the finger of death that descended from the storm cell. He watched in horror as the tornado barreled over an elevated road. Pat stopped the car at the signal light and helplessly watched two cars get thrown onto the interstate below. The storm ripped a long section of the road’s chain-link fence from the bridge’s guardrails. It slithered like a snake down I-80 before being sucked into the destructive vortex. 
“Screw the stoplight,” he said dropping the pedal to the floor. 
The car turned onto the secondary road with a defiant shriek from its back tires. Pat looked out the passenger side again. The tornado turned and now cut a swath parallel to their current roadway.
“Hmm?” Ivy muttered stirring from her nightmare. “What’s going on? Where are we?”
Pat gazed past her and out into the gently rolling pastures behind her shoulder. 
“Whoa, shit!” Ivy thrust her hands against the passenger side window. 
The column of air and debris grounded a grain silo to its foundation in seconds. 
“It’s changing direction,” Ivy said. “It looks like it’s heading back this way.”
McGarren cut the car hard to the left on the next available dirt road. The back end of the Ferrari fish-tailed as he dropped it into fourth. The wheels grasped for traction kicking up a tan cloud in the process. A long row of tall oaks zipped past his side of the vehicle as the tornado gained ground in the rearview. 
“We’re in Nebraska,” McGarren said. “If we don’t find a safe place soon we’ll be sniffin’ farts in Munchkinland.” 
 One of the large trees in his rearview mirror shot out of the ground like a missile toppling end over end across the meadow. 
“Where are we going to go?” she asked hunched over the dashboard. “There’s nothing but open fields for miles.”
Patrick white-knuckled the small leather wheel and veered the Ferrari onto the left fork in the road ahead.
“Where are you going?” Ivy asked panic-stricken. 
“As far away from that as I can get,” he replied nodding in the direction of the twister. 
A small hill in the road snuck up on him faster than his eyes could register its existence. The car’s engine gave a high-pitched rev as if to say, ‘yee haw!’, as the red machine went airborne. This maneuver sent Ivy’s already tender head pounding into the roof of the cabin. 
“Sorry!” 
McGarren looked up into the rearview mirror again. The tornado had veered down the other fork in the road, but continued to run parallel to them. Its forceful gusts threatened to throw Ivy’s side of the vehicle up over his. 
“We’ve got to get off of the road and out of this car,” Ivy demanded eyeing the swirling beast. 
Pat drove the car down a straightaway and up around another soft bend to the right. 
“Shit!” he shouted as he slammed on the brakes.
The imported car plowed against six old metal posts before skidding to rest in the abandoned drive-in. Its dilapidated white wall quivered and quaked in the winds of the impending storm. 
“Over there!” Ivy shouted over the roar of the straight line winds. 
Pat followed her finger to the hollowed-out ticket and concessions booth. Its whitewash paint and smiling hot dog had long since faded, but its sturdy cinder block construction remained. 
 “That’s as good a place as we’re going to find,” she said slamming the door and running into the wind.
Pat followed not too far behind her dodging tree limbs and debris. Small rocks and dust stung his hide as he jumped into the concrete structure. Hailstones the size of softballs pelted the rusted tin roof of the shelter under an eerie yellow sky. “Lean into this wall.” The sound of shattering glass stopped him cold. 
“My car!” Ivy exclaimed. 
The ice missiles pounded the import with relentless force. A sudden blast of light off to their left made Ivy huddle in close to Pat’s chest. The rumble that followed on its heals rattled the building like a six-point quake. The acrid smell of burning atmosphere flooded the enclosure. 
“It won’t be long now,” Pat said as Ivy snuggled in closer to his chest. He felt the warmth of her nose as she exhaled against the nape of his neck. “Brace yourself against this wall.” 
McGarren anchored the both of them against the back wall of the ticket booth. The skies outside turned a pale yellow as several nearby trees snapped halfway up their trunks. The trembling woman at his breast muttered something incoherent about the afterlife in Chinese. Pat knew some of the basics just from his day to day life at home and work. In this day and age, how could he afford not to know a little conversational Chinese? 
“Hold on!” he said wrapping Ivy in a bear hug. 
The winds outside the entry first blew a thick cloud of brown into their faces and then changed direction sucking everything inside out like a sweeper. Her nails dug into his dress shirt and chest hairs, but it did little to dissuade this Hoover from Hell. Ivy shrieked as the column of air drug her away from her sanctuary and out into its waiting jaws. 
“Pat!” 
“Fuck!” McGarren allowed his feet to slide toward either side of the doorway. He then planted his size tens against both sides catching either of her arms by the wrist. The twister yanked the pumps off of her frail feet and had her nearly upside down in its wrath. Pat gazed up to see the vortex lumber overhead. Its power tugged on every fiber of his body. His quadriceps felt like they were being torn from his thighs as he bore down against the blocks. 
‘She’s here to kill you. Don’t you get it, you moron?’ The lunatic’s words percolated to the forefront of Patrick’s conscious as he fought against Mother Nature to save this woman. He looked up into her terror-stricken brown eyes. 
“Pat, please!” she shouted. 
He felt her thin wrists slipping from his grasp. Pat shook his head clear of the thought. That guy was just a man-eating madman. What the hell could he know? 
“Pat!”
Somewhere in those fractions of a second, McGarren changed his mind. He latched onto her hands with all of his strength and pulled her down out of the moving storm. 
“Holy shit,” Ivy said hugging him in a death grip. 
She curled up against his sweat-soaked dress shirt clasping her arms around his chest. Pat instinctively returned the favor drawing the mortified woman to him. 
“It’s moving away,” he said watching the storm devastate the big screen of the drive-in. 
The tornado staggered off over a small hill in the distance tossing the cattle that couldn’t outrun it. Patrick stood up pulling Ivy along with him to her bare feet. He pulled her chin up until her eyes met his. 
“Are you alright?”
She nodded. Her lower lip trembled as his brown eyes studied her soul. 
Pat peered out into the sheets of rain that had replaced the violent windstorm. The Ferrari sat lodged under some partially-broken limbs of a nearby oak. 
“Looks like we’re gonna need to find you some shoes.”
Ivy buried her face in his chest and let out a low moan. 
“Thank, God,” she said. “That was a three million dollar car.” 
She chuckled against his chest. Then Ivy realized something more pressing. Q hadn’t tried to contact her yet to make sure that she was okay. 
I’d better try, she thought. Q. Q, Can you hear me? I’m alright. Q?
Pat looked down at her as she stared off into the pelting rain in silence wondering what she might be thinking of right then. 
“I suppose we’d just better stay put until this thing blows over,” he said.
“Hmm?” She looked up from her daydream into his gaze again. “Oh, yeah. Sounds good.”
Chapter 5


June 2041
El Paso, TX 


Rider drove his Bad Boy into the heart of the rising sun as his onboard radio puked out the latest edition of the conspiracy radio program Static Interference. 

‘Big Voice: Hold onto your hats ladies and gentlemen, and don’t touch that dial. Here’s your not-so-humble servant in liberty, Zack Hearst.
Zack: Go to the website and check out the headlines: Americans more afraid of government than crime. The polls are in and the numbers are staggering. Toothless racist planted at a Hunter cell protest near the Pentagon. It's laughable folks. You can tell he's trying to read a script and failing miserably. The left wing news groups bring in these guys in an attempt to discredit our marches. It's all at the top of our homepage. The video is there, so check it out.
In this segment I would like to reach out to our affiliated station listeners in Boise. What we need -- what this country needs right now is a whistleblower. I know what you are going to say, "Zack our government has secrets for a reason" and I'll let Patrick Henry answer that one: "Have no lamp to guide my path except for the light of history." Think about Watergate, the Pentagon papers. I mean, if it wasn't for WikiLeaks our history books would be a shell of what they are today. They would be nothing more than propaganda!’

“Someone needs to lead this troubled soul into the light,” Rider said rolling the throttle on his Harley. “Well, since I’m already down here…”

‘The media of the past is dead and gone. When the founders of this Republic said we have the right to a free press they weren't talking about the softball questions the nightly news tosses the president "What is your favorite restaurant in Brooklyn?" It's a variety show folks. If that's what you call reporting then give me the weather and go to hell! I'm here friends. I will be what the press was supposed to be, an enemy of the state. And all the mainstream media will say, "He's not a reputable source. He doesn't even have a press pass." Well the people passing out the press passes don't want you to know what's going on and if I got my hands on one a politician would be fleeing the podium like it was on fire. Why is the Pentagon involved in rural affairs? Why is the government saying things like these? "They are guilty. There is enough evidence. You don't need to look at it."
I am reaching out to you Boise and the surrounding areas. A man was shot in the upper thigh only two days ago. Someone out there must have treated or aided him in someway. You were probably debriefed and most likely threatened not to talk to anyone. I urge you not to go to your local media and it's not because I'm greedy. I can't get into it on the air, but I'll just say our militias can help you. You can call the show or contact me through the website. It's time to do your patriotic duty. You can remain anonymous but this information must come out. If this country is in a civil war the people should know about it and be able to pick a damn side!’

‘Rider, where are you off to?’
“Aw, great,” the biker said in disgust. His super nudged in for a mental conversation at the wrong time.
‘Did you finish the stakeout in El Paso?’ Q asked. 
Yeah, boss, he answered in his mind, It’s done.
‘What were the Minutemen up to out there?’
Not much, honestly. Lots of cowpokes with rifles. 
‘Were they planning anything aggressive?’
Rider hit the pause button on his Cloud Band radio and returned his left hand to the oversized handlebar. 
They didn’t look aggressive. It was more along the lines of drill and practice. 
‘Could you gather anything on their financial supporters?’ 
Not really, Q. I overheard some of the leaders talking about some big wigs in Dallas.
‘So, that’s your next stop then?’
Not exactly. 
The assassin hated it when his boss played mind games with him inside his skull. 
I think I’ve got a solid lead. 
‘What makes you say that?’
Was Judge shot in the leg up in Idaho?
Rider peered off across the open flatlands as he waited for the silence to break. 
‘Yes, he was.’
The biker revved his machine past a slow-rolling tractor and leaned it back over to the right.
Then I’ve got someone that I need to have a little chat with. 
‘Who?’
A radio show nutcase that seems to be the acting mouthpiece for this organization.
‘I assume that you know where this person is.’
You’d assume correctly. 
‘Very well. Just don’t kill anyone, and don’t take long. We’ve got an issue boiling down south of the border.’
That’s not our turf, boss. You know that.
‘I realize that, but this is an extenuating circumstance that’s been cleared.’
Rider turned his bike onto Camino Alto Road. A few distant hills broke the barrier between earth and sky. 
‘I need you to head over the river to Cuidad Juarez, Mexico. Max will meet you there with the details.’
Roger that, Q. I’ll find her once I’m done here.
‘I knew I could count on you, old friend. Be safe. Q – out.’
Rider slowed his horse down as he cruised up an embankment into the suburban area. The killer scanned the area with his shades; each home appeared in his field of vision as a cool electric blue schematic. His vision flashed red as his eyes came to rest on a brick ranch home across the street. 
“That’s the place,” he said turning down the volume on his radio.

‘If it weren't for whistleblowers like Daniel Ellsberg no one would have known that the government knew Vietnam was lost a decade before everyone else. When the Washington post released the article on Watergate they were called Communist, anti-American, leftist sympathizers. Can you imagine the Washington post touching a story like that today? Ha! They might lose their press pass. Unfortunately there are only a few outlets for real news today and I can tell you I'm the safest. American history would be a blank slate if it wasn't for people with high level security clearance breaking the law.’

Rider pulled the small tobacco pouch out of his right boot and rolled another cigarette. 

‘When we come back from break will have our guest Richard Murphy on to talk about his new book, The Declaration of Interdependency, which is about the domestic hard-core collectivist takeover of the communist funded offshore banks that want to break this country and the open un-American vermin who are now going after our children. Don't go away!’

The assassin stuffed the tobacco roll back into his right boot and slid his high-tech shades into the inside of his leather duster. The front façade of the abode was well-groomed. Several indigenous cacti accented a kidney-shaped quartz garden. The sun peaked over the distant hilltops in rays of gold. Its beams caught the quartz stones causing them to sparkle in a sea of light. 
Rider strode up the sidewalk that led to the front door. He swept his black duster aside to give him quick access to his favorite weapon – a replica Colt six-shooter. He struck a match on the brick siding of the home and lit the rolled cig in the corner of his mouth. The assassin could hear the nuisance coming before he ever made it through the front door. 
“Get Murphy back on the phone, and don’t lose him this time, jackass,” Zack said in a hoarse voice. 
The overweight unshaven man in his fifties froze in his tracks when his coffee mug refused to move through the desperado standing on his doorstep.
“Goin’ somewhere?” Rider asked blowing out a plume of white smoke.  
“And just who the hell are…” the radio host began, but the shimmer off of the pistol’s wooden grip froze his throat shut. 
“I think you know who I am,” Rider said. “You know some information about Idaho and the Minutemen.”
“One of your twisted Commie friends got a taste of what’s to come up there,” Zack replied. “What of it?” 
“Who did that job, and how did they know where to go?”
Zack tried to stand his ground, but his quivering chins told the assassin otherwise. 
“I don’t have to tell you a damned thing!”
Rider strode closer to the defiant man. 
“This is still America, and you are on private property. So, piss off.”
The assassin whipped out his pistol in a blinding flash, spinning it around on his right index finger. Its coal black barrel came to rest directly over the chubby figure’s left eye. 
“You’re going to tell me what I need to know you chubby little windbag.”
“Or what,” Zack asked, “you’ll kill me? Go on, I dare you. The press will have a field day with this shit.”
Rider pulled the hammer back on the cold steel pistol. The radio man’s eyes bulged in face of his personal Grim Reaper. 
“Nah,” the cowboy said, “I promised not to kill you.” 
Rider lowered the hammer back down and drew the gun away from his target. Zack heaved out a long sigh of relief. Rider drew the Colt back and swung it across the Zack’s face connecting with his nose and lip. The sheer shock of the strike made the radio host shatter his coffee mug against the brick wall.
“Didn’t say anything about beating you to within an inch of your life, though.”
Zack looked back up into his five o’clock shadow. A trail of blood oozed out of the jockey’s left nostril. Beads of sweat popped up all over his face and neck.
“Who sent them?” Rider demanded. 
“I’ll stand my ground firm for the rights of ahh…”
The round radio host broke wind right before his eyes rolled back in his head. Zack’s short frame collapsed in a sweaty heap on the concrete of his front porch.  
“Zack,” a voice called from within the ranch house, “I’ve got him back on the line. We’re live in three!”
“You’re worth as much to me as you are that vomit-box of a show.” 
Rider twirled his prized pistol once more letting land back home in its custom leather holster on his hip. 
“Well,” the cowboy said taking another drag, “I suppose that’s a wrap.”
He crushed the butt of his cigarette on a bricks and flicked its remnants onto the bulging midsection of the unconscious great Zack Hearst. 
Chapter 6


June 2041
Cuidad Juarez, Mexico


Sledge paced back and forth through the stagnant air of his studio apartment. “Jagger… Architect.” The two names that he had forced out of the bomber became his daily mantra. His vengeance rested in finding these two and clearing his name.
“Gonna cut you both down.”
It had been days since the skilled assassin had slept a wink and a few days more since the massacre of his wife and son back in Reno. 
“What the hell am I gonna do?” the towering man pondered as he came to rest in a worn metal chair next to the window. 
Sledge’s clean-shaven black scalp glistened in the waning moonlight. Very little activity percolated in the little border town. An occasional bat fluttered past the street lamp across the street in an apparent drunken stupor, but no humans were out tonight. 
 “There’s no money, little food – damn it!” 
He slammed a meaty fist down into the rotting windowsill. Sledge knew what he had to do. It was the only option that he had left to support his five-year-old Dahlia and get her the insulin meds she needed. 
He had raced down here with her shortly after her mother and older brother’s demise. With a Cell contract out on him, Sledge knew that he had to get out of country. 
“It was an outside job,” Sledge said. “Q would have never allowed the hit without more evidence than what they had. They’ve got no idea how the powers that be even gathered the evidence.”
Sledge only had one good international contact that he still trusted and that man lived in Old Mexico. Paco Valdez. Good ole Paco ‘The Taco’. He was an old fighting buddy from back in Sledge’s MMA days in the ring. Paco had once been the featherweight MMA World Champ. His reign came crashing down around him in the midst of a juicing scandal back in the twenties. Nowadays, Valdez made his living in local fight clubs as both a contender and an event organizer. Most folks in Cuidad Juarez knew him and feared him. 
“I’m sorry, honey,” Sledge said bowing his head. “I know I promised, but I’ve got no other way.”
The massive man grabbed his wife-beater and headed down into the quiet emptiness of the abandoned warehouse. 


Sledge’s watch read five AM when a thin muscular man cracked the large cargo bay door. His black spikes of hair glistened in the peeking daylight. Sledge worked a full-sized punching bag that was strung to an overhead beam. 
“Hey, Paco,” he said. His focus never left the huge sandbag. 
“Roberto,” the tattooed Mexican said. His voice was both friendly and sinister. “Que pasa?”
“Been beating on this old bag most of the night, bro.”
Sledge stood up from his stance and went for his cup of water. 
“Whatchu been into?” 
Paco shrugged. “You know,” he said, “the usual. I got you a bout against Rivera.”
“How much?” the assassin asked going back to work on the body bag.
“It’ll pay you a hundred if you win,” Paco said getting behind the bag to stabilize it. “Fifty if you get your ass kicked.”
“What do you know about this Rivera guy?”
Paco had to lean into the bag to keep it steady against Sledge’s onslaught. 
“He’s never fought professionally,” Paco said with a grunt. “He’s been in fight clubs around here for most of his adult life, though. Runs with a gang called Los Muertos – the Dead.”
“They gonna cause me any trouble?”
Paco shook his head behind the bag. 
“Nah. They’re small time. Rivera’s no joke, man. I’ve seen him crush a dude’s face with his bare hands.”
“I’ll be alright,” Sledge said stepping away from the bag. 
“You’d better get some rest and train,” his buddy retorted. 
“I said, I’ll be alright, buddy. Just get the fight finalized.”Sledge broke away from the punching bag and bit into the tape around his left wrist. 
“Alright, man,” Paco said. “The fight’s at seven tonight. I’ll have Maria watch your girl while we go take care of business.”
“Speaking of which,” the assassin said looking at his watch as he unfurled the last of the white tape from his right hand. “I’d better go clean up so I can get her from the church for some lunch later.”
The lean Mexican strode toward the garage doors at the front of the warehouse.
“I’m not kidding, dude,” Paco said over his right shoulder. “Get some sleep before tonight.”



The midday sun lit up the multi-colored umbrella over their table in hues of red and gold.
“Daddy,” his five-year old Dahlia asked, “are you sure mommy and bubby went up to Heaven?”
Sledge nursed another sip off of his soda. The sting of their loss continued to cut his spirit to shreds. How was he going to explain it all to this adorable little girl that sat across the round table from him?
“I’m sure, honey,” he said in a solemn tone. 
“’Cause bubby sometimes called me mean names and took my dollies. I don’t think God would think that was very nice. Do you?”
The big lug couldn’t help but chuckle at that comment a little bit. It was so hard to find any joy in their current predicament, but Dahlia always brought out the best in everyone and everything. 
“No, baby. God probably didn’t like those things.”
The waitress came back and set a steaming row of enchiladas and a chili relleno in front of Sledge. The petite brown teenager then sat a cheese quesadilla in front of the young girl with light curly brown hair. Her hazel eyes lit up at the bounty before her. It beat the dried noodles that they had been living on for the past few days. 
“You know, though,” Sledge said. “God does forgive people when they do something wrong.”
“Even the mean people that killed mommy and bubby?”
The big man let out a long sigh. “That part’s up to God, baby. I just sent him there.”
He watched as the light of his life dug into her food. Sledge knew that he didn’t have a choice anymore. He now had to literally fight for his life. She had two days of insulin meds left, and if it weren’t for some borrowed cash from Paco they’d likely be eating dried noodles again tonight. 
I gotta step back into that ring, Sledge told himself. That last loss was a fluke, man. I just got too cocky. If I stay level in the head then this fool will fall – no problem. 
“Daddy?”
“Huh?” He asked shaken from his daydream. 
“I said,” his daughter said poking her hands to her hips to emphasize her frustration in having to repeat herself, “Can we get some ice cream?”
“Oh, sure honey. I’m sorry. Daddy was just thinking of what kind of fun you and Maria were going to have this evening.” 
“I get to play with her again?” Dahlia asked with excitement.
The big guy nodded. “Did you guys have fun at the church today?”
His daughter bobbed her head in large motions. “We learned some fun songs, and played on the playground, and –“
“That’s great, honey. Tonight I have to go to work. So, you’ll have to be on your best behavior for Maria. Got it?”
“Got it, dad.” She took another gulp of her soda. “Where are you working, daddy?”
“Me and your Uncle Paco are going into town to help some of his friends at their farm with their barn.”
“That’s funny,” she said with a giggle. 
“What?” Sledge asked in a playful tone.
“You on a farm.” The little girl laughed again. 
“What’s so funny about that, monkey?” he said giving her ribs a tickle. 
“You always told mommy and bubby and me that you got tired of our poop. Now you’re going to a farm. There’ll be animal poop all over the place!”
The man’s soda shot out of his nostrils which caused Dahlia to laugh that much harder at him. 
“Come on, brat,” he said grabbing his newsboy hat from the bench beside him. “Let’s go pay the bill and see if we can’t round up a milkshake in this ass pimple of a town.”



The firelight flickered from within the depths of the three-level barn as Sledge approached it from the worn ruts in the road.  
“Remember, man,” Paco began, “Hey! You listening to me?”
Sledge’s deep brown eyes turned back around to meet those of his coach. 
“Yeah. I’m listening.”
“Good,” he said. “Remember, Rivera has a shorter span that you do. Don’t let him get on the inside, or he’ll turn your kidneys into speed bags.”
Sledge let out a grunt of confirmation as they walked into the massive barn. The crowd hustled back and forth in the makeshift stands. Some waved big wads of cash as the bet callers on the floor paced back and forth. 
“Damn,” the assassin said. His cool gaze scanned the post-apocalyptic scene that had been created within. 
“This is a big deal down on this side of the border, amigo,” Paco said waving him into his corner of the ring. There’s tens of thousands of dollars at stake on a headline bout.”
The big man looked across the octagon for a glimpse at his competition. Rivera stood all of five-feet-three inches as he bounced around near his assigned corner of the makeshift ring. 
The dust and dirt of the Mexican town served as the ring’s floor. Worn out fence posts strung together by chicken wire marked the boundaries of the octagon. 
“It ain’t Vegas,” Sledge said, “but beggars can’t be choosers.” 
Four of the octagon’s eight corners had empty fifty-gallon oil drums filled with burning wood.  Their columns of smoke climbed up into the barn rafters thirty feet overhead.
“Now remember,” the little lean Mexican said tugging Sledge’s forearm toward his corner. “Use your span to keep him away.”
Sledge nodded not taking his gaze off of his opposition. Rivera’s thick pecs flexed as he rolled his head around on his muscular neck.
“Looks like he’s got some power behind those little stumpy arms of his,” Sledge said.
“Limber up, Bobby,” Paco said removing the big man’s vest. 
Sledge flinched at that name. The last person to call him that was his wife right before she went up in flames. He moved into the ring and loosened up his arms with several crosses into the arid night. A rotund brown man waddled to the center of the arena and waved down the growing static from the crowd. He shouted something in Spanish that Sledge thought he should have been able to translate with ease.
Oh, right, he thought. Probably took me off of the grid once the warrant was issued. No more uploads.
The round man’s left hand jabbed the air in Sledge’s direction.
“Roberto Farnes!” the ring announcer shouted. He continued blabbering in his native tongue and pointed to the opponent’s corner. “Jesus Rivera!” 
The crowd of several hundred spectators erupted in cries of support for their local hero. The ringleader motioned both fighters to the center of the ring. Once Sledge came to rest less than a foot from Rivera, the announcer spat off what Sledge could only imagine were the rules to the bout. The towering black man strode back over to his corner wearing an expression of confusion.
“What the hell was that all about?”
Paco chuckled.
“He said that the standard match rules apply. No hitting below the belt. The match isn’t scored on points. No decision matches. You two fight until one of you goes down and stays down. Other than the groin, all else is fair game.”
Sledge let out a nervous sigh as he rolled his huge shoulders. 
“Just fuckin’ great.”
The bell sounded from ringside and the ringleader clapped his thick hands together with a loud, “Andale!” 
Sledge eyed his opponent through the crease between his own gloved hands. Rivera danced lightly on his feet. His deep brown eyes did nothing to mask his intent to pulverize whoever they placed before him. 
Sledge sped in close to the man and fired a powerful cross at the short guy’s head. Rivera ducked it with ease and fired his own hook at Sledge’s left kidney.
“Shit,” Sledge said staggering back out of the attack zone. 
Rivera seized the opportunity and capitalized. Sledge looked up in time to notice the fighter’s black spiked hair bob and weave in close. Four more bursts of pain exploded on Sledge’s torso; two on the right side of his ribcage and two more to his solar plexus. 
“No, Bobby!” Paco shouted from his corner. “Keep him away, man.”
Sledge stammered back into the wire of the ring as Rivera went to work on his sides. One agonizing blow after another found its mark and beat the breath from the assassin’s lungs. His piss processors felt like they both had been relentlessly kicked by a toddler with an attitude problem. 
“Like hell,” Sledge spat raising his left arm up over his head.
The big man gritted through the pain of Rivera’s renal onslaught and brought his own thick elbow down over the back of his opponent’s neck. Rivera fell to one knee at Sledge’s feet. He reared his left boot back, and planted its steel-toed tip square on the chin of the stunned Mexican. The crowd booed in apparent disapproval. 
“That’s it!” his old companion shouted from his corner. “Keep him back.”
Sledge grabbed Rivera under his armpits and lifted him off of the dusty floor. The stout man muttered something in Mexican and spat in Sledge’s face.
“Wrong answer,” he said slamming his bald head into the thin black goatee of his adversary. 
Sledge threw him across the octagon like a sack of soggy clothes. Rivera slid into a corner with a burning barrel. A cloud of orange sparks erupted and drifted up among the wooden beams high above. 
 The large referee rushed over to the corner and examined Rivera’s eyes. Rivera got to his feet with no help from the fencing and strode back out toward the center of the octagon. The ref raised his right arm to signal the fighters to re-engage, but the ringside bell cut his efforts short. Sledge tossed a cold stare into the eyes of his opponent before heading over to his corner. 
“Alright, man,” Paco said. “That was close.”
Sledge leaned on the chicken wire to either side of the wooden post. 
“You gotta steer clear of his bodywork,” Paco instructed. “You keep up like this much longer, and you’ll be pissing into a bag strapped to your waist, comprende?”
“It’s been a while since I’ve duked it out, Paco, but I remember how to handle myself,” Sledge said. 
“Dance around some if you have to,” the lean Mexican said. “Just don’t let that fucker anywhere near you.”
The fat ref said something that made Rivera come out of his corner, so Sledge followed suit. The bell tolled for the second round slicing through the smoky air in the barn.
“Andale!” the ref shouted slapping his hands together.
Rivera danced on his toes like his heels were on fire. Sledge could only manage to circle his prey like a beast ready to strike. The big man weaved in closer to the stout Mexican hoping for an opening to land a match-ending haymaker. Rivera pounced forward like he wanted to attempt a blow to Sledge’s face, but feigned away at the last second. Sledge leaned back on his legs dodging the swing that never came. 
Instead, Rivera brought his right foot around in an arc which landed square on the back of the brute’s left kneecap. Sledge collapsed to the dry ground shouting in pain. Another fist landed on the side of his throat. In all of his fights and professional business, Sledge had never been hit there before. The sensation felt like no other he’d ever experienced; vision in his left eye blurred into a field of stars. The same side of his body went limp for a split second, and he fell to the floor.  Sledge shuffled to prop himself up on his right elbow before Rivera could advance. He caught the brief flash of Rivera’s gold boot coming at his face before his vision failed him. 



“… Berto. Roberto! Snap out of it, man.” Paco shouted tapping the side of Sledge’s face. 
The indistinct warble of sound in his ears gained clarity alongside his vision as Paco helped him to a sitting position. The crowd still cheered as he sat in the dust of the barn. Rivera had walked out of the ring and headed out for the night. He stopped at the doors of the barn and blew a kiss to his adoring mob before departing. 
“What happened?” Sledge asked in a daze.
“You got your ass whooped, that’s what,” Paco retorted. “I tried to tell you that you’ve gotta train to win in these fights down here.”
Sledge shook his head in slow deliberate motions. His neck still tingled from the shot. 
“They’ll eat you alive in here if you just try to walk in without being ready.”
“I still got some money, didn’t I?” he asked. 
Paco tossed the equivalent of fifty bucks at him in pesos. 
“Yeah,” the lean Mexican said, “you got some money. Not enough to help your little girl, though.”
Sledge couldn’t say anything to the contrary. It was going to take a hell of a lot more than fifty dollars to get the kind of meds that his daughter needed for her diabetes down here – even on the black market. 
“C’mon, dude,” Paco said helping Sledge to his feet. “Let’s get you outa here and we’ll regroup tomorrow, or something.”
Chapter 7


June 2041
Cuidad Juarez, Mexico


“I don’t know,” Maria said looking down at the bed sheets. “Maybe an hour or two.”
The five-year-old girl moaned in her sweaty comatose state. The exotic beauty in her mid-twenties rubbed the little girl’s calf gingerly wanting to ease her suffering.
“God damn it!” Sledge exclaimed slamming a fist into his thigh. 
He peered up to Paco who stood near Maria next to the bed.
“How long do you think it would take for your associates to get her meds over the border?” 
Paco crossed his lean muscular arms over his chest and sighed in contemplation. 
“Dunno,” he said at last. “Could be two maybe three days. It all depends on border customs and when they’re planning another ride over the Rio.”
Sledge’s bald head sagged down between his knees. 
“She could go into kidney failure in that time,” he said in an eerie calm tone. 
“That part of it is out of my hands, brother,” Paco said. “They ride when they ride. I’ve got no say in that, and you know it.”
“I can’t afford to wait around forever.”
Paco squatted down onto his haunches at the bedside.
“You don’t even have enough money stashed away right now to afford the meds even if they could get it across.”
“I’m going back in,” Sledge said raising his head to look his old friend in the eyes.
“You perform like you did before,” Paco said, “and you’ll end up dead.”
“I’m going back in, Taco – with or without you.”
His old nickname made Paco smirk. 
“I can get you another fight,” he said standing up and sliding on his shades. “If I do, you’ve gotta promise me that you’ll let me train you, no exceptions.”
The big man’s mouth opened to begin a string of hell-no’s.
“No exceptions,” Paco reiterated cutting him off. “I’ll get you a fight that will pay you big.”
“How big?”
“Big enough to get your daughter what she needs, and then some,” Paco said in cool tones. 
“Against who?”
“Don’t matter who. All you gotta worry about is getting in there in the right condition.” 
His sister Maria snapped off something in Spanish that sounded very motherly to Sledge. 
Paco zinged something back in defensive tones. 
“What’s the problem?” Sledge asked.
Paco shook his head and strode to the doorway of Sledge’s studio apartment.
“Don’t worry about it,” he said. “Just be in the warehouse bright and early tomorrow to start my training.” 
Maria snapped out something through her gritted teeth at her younger brother. Sledge made out the word no and something that sounded a lot like Wendigos. 
The assassin hoped that he had heard that wrong. Only one thing down here that went by that name, and they weren’t anyone that he wanted to fuck with. They all could be distinguished from the rest of society by their colors and insignia on their vests. The left side of the design was the face and neck of a Native American Indian. The right half blended into the head and maw of a massive werewolf. Locals told tales that some of the gang’s members went as far as living out ‘the Creed’ of the Wendigos. This meant that they ate the flesh of the victim they had to murder in order to be initiated into the club. 
God, I hope he’s not doing what I think he’s doing, Sledge thought. 
“I can stay here with Dahlia tonight, if you want,” Maria offered. “You will need your rest.” 
She shifted her worried almond gaze out into the growing night. 
“Thanks, Maria, but you don’t have to if you don’t –“
She waved off his words.
“I insist,” she said. “You go to bed. You’re going to need all of your strength,” she looked back down at the now calm sleeping girl, “for her.”
Sledge lowered his heavy head. With a final glance that said it all, the tall assassin lumbered into his small bedroom. Growing thunderheads obscured the waxing moon. 
“Gonna be a long night,” the tired man said with a sigh.
“You can say that again, baby,” a familiar feminine voice said from the doorway. 
Sledge did his best to ignore it focusing instead on unlacing one of his huge black combat boots. 
“What’s the matter? Cat got your tongue?”
The big man bit down hard on his lower lip. 
It’s not real, he thought. If I just ignore her, she’ll go away.
“Now, you know you can never ever forget about me, honey,” the voice said. 
The boards beneath the bed and tattered afghan rug creaked an eerie cadence closer to his bedside. 
 “Why won’t you just leave me alone?” he hissed. 
Sledge turned his gaze up to see what he already knew awaited him. His deceased wife Lucy stood at his bedside. Her dress had been burned nearly off of her charred corpse. The skin on her thighs flaked off in large scales as she writhed up against his bedpost. 
“But, I need you, Bobby.”
Several of her ribs protruded from the thin layer of remaining flesh on her torso. Lucy’s hair, just as it had been in all of the demon’s previous appearances, was mostly burned off. A few stray patches of her former luxurious locks poked out from the back of her scalp, but the rest of her bloody skull gleamed in the flashes of lightening. 
“You are not real,” he said forcing every word out of his body. 
“Take me, Bobby,” his disembodied spouse demanded laying a charred index finger into the corner of her mouth. 
Sledge snapped to his feet and grabbed a boot in his left hand.
“You are not fuckin’ here!”
He chucked the boot at the apparition. The steel-toed missile flew through the fading form and slammed into the half-rotted door with a loud bang. 
“You alright in there, Roberto?” Maria asked from the other side of the door.
“Fine,” Sledge replied as he eased back into the lumpy mattress. “Never better.”
The trauma of the loss and the entire event surrounding his wife and son’s early demise scraped away at his psyche. He had been deployed to combat zones in the Navy and seen some God-awful shit, but this was the closest thing to what the shrinks labeled PTSD that the Sailor had ever experienced. 
“Just get some shuteye,” he mumbled to the empty room. “It’ll all get better in the daylight.”It had become a nightly mantra for the muscular man – like an evening shot of gin to calm his nerves. 
“Just get some shuteye,” he repeated as he rolled over and curled up close to the cinder block wall. 



When morning finally came, Sledge had gotten a grand total of two hours of sleep. Wasn’t anything new as of late. He had done what the service had taught him to do in situations like this. He adapted and overcame. Paco the Taco barreled into his cozy sleeping quarters with his usual high-strung personality. 
“Rise and shine, big dog,” the lean fighter said bouncing back and forth on the balls of his feet. “We have to get you primed for your showdown this evening.”
“Come again?” Sledge said lacing up his last boot.
Paco shrugged his shoulders as he jabbed the air with his swift fists. 
“I couldn’t get it any farther out that that, bro. When you call one of them into the ring and you’re a guy like me they won’t take long to fight.”
“What do you mean a guy like you?” Sledge asked as he stood up to face his friend. 
“Both clubs will be there tonight,” Paco said working on his combos. “Winner’s cut is fifty percent of the house, and tonight that could be thousands of dollars.”
“Ah, shit,” the assassin moaned as he slid on his tank top. “You mean the Wendigos and the Lords of Doom will both be in the same building?” 
The Lords of Doom were the Central American antithesis of the American club. They had their hands in a ton of illegal activity and had bought some very powerful people along the way to the top. 
“That’s what I mean,” Paco said. 
“There’s liable to be more than just one fight tonight, Taco.”
“Maybe,” his friend replied. “Both sides have agreed for now to lay low.”
“Shit, dude,” Sledge said. “You threw me into the middle of a gang war. Not cool, Paco. Not cool.”
The towering bald man strode past his shorter, leaner counterpart. 
“I’ve gotta check on Dahlia and Maria.”
Sledge wandered out into the living room where, much to his relief, his daughter sat on the worn sofa reading one of her new Spanish cartoon books. 
“Morning, daddy!” she exclaimed as she jumped up off of the musty olive green cushion. 
“Hey, baby,” he said heaving her small frame up in his massive arms. “You feelin’ better today?”
“Umm hmm,” she replied nodding her head. “Maria said that she’s gonna take me down to the square for breakfast while you work.”
“She did, did she?”
“Yup.” The fragile girl rolled the silver chain of his necklace between her thumb and index finger. “Can I get that one thing that I like again?”
“Of course, honey,” he said plopping Dahlia gingerly to the floor. “You get whatever you like.”
Maria came out of the other bedroom wearing nothing more than a pair of pink cotton panties and an old soccer jersey. The bright morning sun hinted at the contours of her breasts as she crossed the noisy floor into the galley kitchen. 
“Morning,” she muttered still half-asleep. 
“I’d say,” Sledge said. “Listen, thanks again for…”
The petite woman shushed the big lug with her right hand as she set a skillet on the stovetop. 
“Hey sis,” Paco said as he strode out to the door. 
His face and tone took a turn for the worst and he tore into his sister in his native tongue. Maria fired something back and then slapped her right ass cheek. Paco grumbled and turned his attention back to Sledge.
“Ok, bro. Let’s get down to the gym and get to work. You’ve got a big day ahead.”



The day wore on as Paco coached Sledge through a grueling training session. From the body bag, then to the speed bag, quickly over to pull-ups, then wind sprints and finished off with the jump rope. Over and over Sledge ran the circuit until he felt that his muscles could endure no more. 
“Good session, Bobby,” Paco said patting him on the shoulder. 
He looked down at his watch. 
“C’mon. You’ve gotta get a little rest and a good meal before the fight.”
Sledge stood hunched over with his shaven head dripping perspiration onto the concrete floor. 
“Yeah, sure,” he said gasping for each breath. 
“I’ll cook you up some of my momma’s rice and chicken,” Paco said as the duo lumbered out of the abandoned warehouse. 
When Sledge awoke from his catnap, the sun had settled down over the palms outside of his window and dimmed to a burnt shade of orange. He could hear Paco out in the living room laughing at one of his favorite comedies. A white blur dangled from the ceiling light in his room. As his eyes came into focus, the bruiser discovered what it was. Somehow someone had tied a noose out of white rope and strung it up over his sleeping body. 
“Man, fuck me,” he moaned rubbing his sore biceps. 
The beaten assassin strapped his boots back on and forced his stiff legs to carry him out onto the couch. 
“Hey, bro,” Paco said cheerfully. “Feeling better?”
Sledge stared down at the little man through a mean grimace.
“Go to hell, Taco. Was that your idea of some kinda sick prank?”
“Whatchu talkin’ ‘bout, man?”
Sledge jabbed his index finger back in the direction of his bedroom.
“That fuckin’ noose on the ceiling. That’s what.”
“You’re shittin’ me.”
“Nope,” Sledge replied. “It’s in there – plain as day.”
“Maybe it’s him, el Verdugo.”
“Who?”
“The Hangman! That shit’s been flyin’ all over the cloud, dude.”
“Not you, too, Taco. My friends were all into that garbage.”
“No, no,” Paco said. “He’s gotta be real. Man, this is awesome! In my place, too.”
Sledge let out a defeated gust of air.
“Wait. Are you in some kind of trouble?”
“It’s a long story, bud. They’re onto me now. Tell me all that you know about this Hangman guy.”
The big fighter lowered himself onto the cushions with a graceless plop. 
“Some of the bloggers say that he’s been around since World War II. They say that this dude hung Hitler in his own bunker. He was hired by the anti-Nazi supporters in Germany and Italy.”
“You tryin’ to tell me that some hundred-year-old fart is gonna string me up?” Sledge asked.
“Hold up,” Paco said, “I’m gettin’ there. Anyway, some other historians that have followed this theory say that the Hangman has been several different people. His persona was passed down from father to son.”
“So, that might make him somewhere in the neighborhood of fifty or so,” Sledge surmised.
Paco nodded. “The few eyewitnesses that have come out said that he’s about that old, bald white guy and usually wears dark red shades. The Hangman works to find international criminals and take them out.”
“Katana was right,” Sledge muttered to himself.
“Huh?”
“Oh, nothin’.”
The muscular Mexican shut off the tube and hopped off of the couch. 
“We should start heading out. The fight’s in an hour and a half.”
“The only rest is for the dead,” the hitman said as he lifted his sore body off of the sagging cushions. 
Sledge and Paco walked down the cracked roadways of Cuidad toward the outskirts of town. A lone pale moon sat in a cloudless sky far above. As Sledge followed his coach around the corner of an old drug store, the lone melody of a Flamenco tune found his ears. A weathered old man materialized from beneath the shadows of his tree as they neared the music’s source.
The musician wore dusty old slacks and a dingy white dress shirt. His music entranced Sledge. His old fingers sped over the strings in a flurry that produced a hypnotic syncopated tune. His long salt-and-pepper hair hung down over the body of his instrument as the stranger continued his lonely ballad. Sledge’s mind slid into his world. 
Visions of fire, rage, destruction and death flooded the assassin’s eyes. From behind the inferno and the rubble a single image came into focus. Her dark curls spun in a slow breeze. A light source of some sort bounced off of the shoulder of her black leather jacket. The brown-complected female gritted her teeth as the barrel of a gun raised into his field of vision from the lower right. 
“Bobby? Roberto?” Paco said jabbing the big man with his elbow. “Hey, what’s eatin’ you, bro. We gotta roll.”
Sledge shook his head and backed away from the man in a wild-eyed stare. The old man looked up into the brute’s startled gaze and laughed. 
“Su tiempo esta ilegando,” he said in a broken voice. 
Sledge backed down the road away from the bizarre gent stumbling over a large rock as he went. 
“Wh – What did he mean back there?” the shaken assassin asked.
“Your time is coming,” Paco said. “Maybe he’s got some money on the fight or something. Hell if I know.”
Sledge knew what he saw. Something big was going to go down, and soon. The old man’s identity and how he knew it remained an enigma to Sledge.  
“Hey, hey!” Paco shouted snapping his fingers in front of the big guy’s eyes. “We’re here, man. You’re gonna get your ass whooped good if you don’t snap outta whatever soap opera you’re in.”
 The two fighters crested the hill and wandered down into the valley and the anxious crowd waiting on its other side. The crescent moon sat low over the horizon nestled among some feathery passing clouds. 
“A few things are different in this brawl than the last one,” Paco said jumping a deep rut that had been worn into the dirt road. 
Sledge’s left brow peaked in concern. 
“Most of the rules are just like any other MMA fight, but because this one involves us and the Wendigos it’s special.”
“How so?”
“No Refs.”
“Is this a fight to the death?”
Paco laughed and slugged his old pal on the shoulder.
“’Course not, man. You’ll fight until one of you is either knocked out, or beaten to submission.”
“Tell me about the guy I’m up against,” Sledge demanded cracking his knuckles. 
“Jorge Cortez,” Paco said. “Big crazy motherfucker. I’ve seen him fight in a couple of run-ins we’ve had in the past. Slow as hell, but he’s got fists like bowling balls.”
“So, if I can outrun him I can…”
“… Wear him down, yeah,” Paco finished. “If Cortez lands even one blow, though.” He ran his hand like a blade over his throat. 
“What makes him so crazy, then?”
“He gets more pissed off the more you beat him,” Paco said. “He’s a tall man with a short fuse, bro.”
Sledge stopped him a few yards shy of the outer perimeter of the human swarm around the arena. 
“Any weaknesses?”
The Mexican stepped in and lowered his voice. 
“Dude’s built like stone shithouse.”
“Brick?”
“Brick – stone, whatever,” Paco retorted. 
“You can probably take him out if you can work the left side of his head. Metal plate from gettin’ clocked with a cinder block.”
“Kee-riste,” Sledge muttered. 
“Yeah. The other guy didn’t have a head left. You gotta get in close to land the blows there.”
Sledge could count the number of times he’d been scared in his adult life on a bad carpenter’s hands. This moment was going to go down as entry in his Oh, Shit memoires. 
“C’mon, man,” Paco said leading him deeper into the cheering crowd. 
Most of the people present flew the colors of either to Lords of Doom, or the Wendigos. The only thing keeping the sworn enemies civil was a thin layer of religious tape. The leaders of both clubs practiced Catholicism, and the Wendigos honcho had lost his sister recently. As a show of religious respect, the big man for the Lords of Doom called a temporary truce for his archrival’s requested nine days. The truce ended in two days. Local fans and bookies comprised the remainder of the growing crowd. 
“There it is, man,” Paco said tilting his short-cropped head toward the arena. “The Grinder.” 
“It has a name?”
“Yeah,” Paco said with a chuckle. “You put the fresh meat in one side,” he pointed to the gate on their right, “and the ground up bloody shit comes out the other.” Paco flicked his gold watch toward the left-hand exit.
“Great,” Sledge said. He rolled his head around on his thick neck. 
Half of the swarm went into a frenzy and thrust their fists into the air as the killer’s opponent thundered into the ring. 
For Dahlia, he thought. You gotta do this for her. 
“Alright,” Paco said rubbing the big man’s back. “You’re up. Remember – the left side of his head.” 
“I got it,” Sledge said. He removed his t-shirt and adjusted the same pair of jeans he’d been wearing for the past few weeks. 
The other half of the crowd cheered even louder than the first as their chosen lamb went to the slaughter. Sledge fixed his grey eyes on the ape-like thug in the opposite corner. Cortez was a big motherfucker – a full three inches taller, and at least one hundred pounds heavier than the assassin. Cortez had shoulder-length black hair that swung at the back of his skull in a braid. Peck marks riddled the thug’s round face. The hairs over his upper lip grew down below either corner of his mouth. The last few inches of it fluttered in the dry evening breeze. 
“Cortez is an ogre,”  Sledge said. 
His opponent’s broad shoulders flowed into arms the size of an average man’s thighs. Cortez’s physique still echoed the remnants of his glory years. Sledge could make out some of the man’s formerly chiseled muscles just beneath the surface of middle-aged flab. 
“In a minute,” Paco said, “a bandana will come flying into the ring. Once it hits the ground, it’s go time.”
“Fair enough,” Sledge said. 
He scanned the area waiting for the signal. A young blonde at the front of the crowd took off her bandana halter top and tossed it high into the air over the ring allowing her jugs to swing free. Both men watched as the black cloth fluttered around on the soft southern winds before coming to rest near the heart of the Grinder. 
“Andale!” several bikers shouted into the octagon. 
The big bull of a Latino bounded forward wanting to grab Sledge in a bear hug and crush him to submission right away. The bald Navy vet ducked the grab and jumped to his right. Sledge bobbed across the ring on the balls of his feet. 
“Gonna have to do a lot better than that, chubby.”
Sledge launched his right boot into the side of his adversary’s skull while the ogre still had his back turned. Cortez’s head snapped to the right, but his tree-like legs never budged. The huge Honduran man spun around and growled in fury. Again, he charged Sledge with the anger of a stuck bull. This time Sledge waited until the last moment and dropped to his knees. Cortez’s massive fist connected with the chain-link fence and forced it out beyond the joint of the ring’s corner. An unfortunate bystander’s face popped back in a crimson explosion as the huge missile crushed his nose and upper jaw. Sledge seized the opportunity landing another kick, this time to the back of his opponent’s left kneecap.  
Cortez fell to his knees while the stealthy assassin pounced out of the way. 
“Keep workin’ it!” Paco shouted from the far side of the Grinder. 
Sledge took the cue and landed another punishing blow to the Honduran’s head with his weak leg. The killer wound up for another steel-toed assault, but Cortez had turned by then. The thug grabbed Sledge’s left ankle in both of his meaty mitts and tossed him into the nearby ring post. The crunch that resulted from that collision coupled with the stabbing pain in his side told Sledge that a couple of ribs just bit the dust. Instincts told the assassin that the first round should have come to an end. Then Sledge recalled that this particular match had no referee. The manic masses outside of the cage served as both the judge and jury. 
“You’re gonna pay for that,” Sledge said pouncing to his feet. 
His gigantic opponent lunged in and fired off a powerful right cross at Sledge’s chin. He leaned back to avoid the knockout blow and dropped to his left knee. Sledge’s left fist blasted off like a heat-seeking missile toward its target. The Honduran fighter’s right side lifted off of the baked Mexican soil. Cortez lowered the boom gritting through the intense pain. Sledge felt his thick fist brush the left side of his face and make direct contact with his shoulder bruising him to the bone. Before Sledge could steady his defenses, Cortez had both of his massive paws clamped around his bald head in a vice. 
“Work his body! Work his body!” Sledge heard Paco shouting from his corner. 
 Sledge’s hands went instinctively to Cortez’s wrists in a vain attempt to break free. The killer landed one punishing shot after another to the Honduran’s gut, but his grip remained rock solid. 
His head’s too far away, he thought formulating a quick plan. 
The trained assassin did the only thing that he could think of in the heat of the moment. He thrust his right hand onto the right wrist of Cortez, and the reared his left arm back behind his pecs. Sledge heaved his open left hand as with all of his strength toward his competition’s right elbow. 
SNAP!
The Honduran shrieked and released Sledge from the painful vice. The bald fighter shook his head to clear out the haze in his mind. His attack had worked. Cortez’s arm looked like it had been caught in a log splitter. Blood-soaked bone protruded from just above and below the joint in the husky man’s right arm. A chunk of the crowd booed in disgust. One biker babe at the front had witnessed the whole event and now yacked up dinner on her man’s pant legs. The Honduran sank to his knees in horror.
“Right on!” Paco shouted. “Now finish him off.”
Sledge planted his leg back and went to work on the side of Cortez’s skull. Sledge landed one swift kick after another to the Honduran’s soft spot. Blow after blow rained down on Cortez; with each one his bulbous head warbled in a wider orbit around his own center of gravity. 
“Sweet dreams, twinkle toes.”
Sledge cocked his left fist back and unfurled a screaming upper cut that landed squarely on Cortez’s chin. His long moustache fluttered like two black banners of surrender as Cortez’s head and body flung backward onto the dirt. The Wendigo club booed and hissed throwing in empty bottles and half-spent smokes at their unconscious contender. 



Sledge thumbed through his wad of bills as he and Paco walked up the street toward his temporary abode. 
“Three grand,” Sledge said. “Not a bad haul for one night’s work.”
“Not at all,” Paco said kicking an empty can up against the brick wall of the nearest building. 
The moon had risen to its apex by the time the tandem approached the abandoned factory’s entrance. 
“It’s gonna feel good to jus…” Sledge started. The shouting of his daughter’s name forced him to stuff the wad into his pocket and run to the screaming’s source. 
“Dahlia! Dahlia?” Maria cried into the dead night. 
The big man and her brother ran to her side in a frantic dash. 
“What’s going on?” the assassin asked. “Where’s my daughter?”
Maria stood shouting for his daughter in her usual tee and bright-toned panties. 
“She’s gone!” 
Terror dripped from her every word. “They took her,” Maria said. 
Sledge grabbed her by the biceps and turned her to face him. “Who? Who took her?”
He turned his gaze over to his buddy. Paco’s brown eyes fell to the dusty road. That told Sledge everything he needed to know. Wendigos. It had to be. 
“Those suns-a-bitches,” Sledge said clenching his huge fists. He turned back to Paco’s half-dressed sibling.
“Stay here in case she happens to show up.”
The big man swung his bald head back around to his sidekick. 
“Paco, you’re gonna lead me to them.”
“We need to --” 
“Now, goddamnit!” 
The muscular Latino nodded and headed off down the barren alley and headlong into the hell that surely followed. 
Chapter 8


June 2041
Kearney, NE


Her fiery long curls bounced around her shoulders as Kat made her way back up the street from her favorite café. The couple of days of rest that Q had given her were well-deserved and long overdue. She had been hot in the saddle for more than two months prior to their team meeting back in Wyoming. 
The assassin had lived in this sleepy little town in southern Nebraska for three years now. She and her fiancé, Mitch, rented a single-story rancher around the corner on Nineteenth Street. He worked at a local software development company designing cloud computing applications for homes and appliances. Kat had always been drawn to the brainy guys like a moth to a flame. Dumb jocks were a dime a dozen, and in her mind, nearly always wound up working on the back of a garbage truck. 
The agile young woman sauntered up the cracked sidewalk sporting her usual garb: tight jeans, converse sneakers and one of her favorite metal band tees. This morning it happened to be Battle Beast. 
“Mornin’, Red,” a white-haired man said from the doorway of the pawn shop. 
“Hey, Buck,” she said. “How’s life treatin’ ya?”
He shrugged his chubby shoulders. Buck’s beady brown eyes gave off an aura of innocence. “Ya, know. They come and they go.”
The twenty-something daughter of a wealthy Irishman chuckled. 
“Believe me, Buck. I know.” 
“Enjoy your mornin’,” he returned. “Sally makes a mean quiche.” 
Kat nodded as she sped her pace back up. 
“That she does. Thanks, Bucky.”
She took a left at the new NetRo club on the corner. It once was a car wash years ago, and then a wealthy entrepreneur converted into one of the busiest nightclubs in the area. Every Spade from here to Lincoln rolled into Mugsy’s on any given Saturday evening. The rest of Nineteenth sat quiet this morning. 
Only seven, Kat thought. Still a bit too early for the nine-to-five crowd. 
Katana bounded up the front steps to her home and unlocked the front door. All was quiet on the inside. The first rays of the sun poked through the long drapes behind the TV catching the drifting dust like a thousand points of light. 
“I really need to clean this place.”
A troubling moan came from the bedroom in the back right area of the house. Kat used her given skills in stealth to drift across the floors in complete silence. Mitch lay in their comfortable queen fast asleep. 
“Steph,” he mumbled in his unconscious state. “Like that.”
Kat gritted her teeth as she inched closer. She had warned him of the consequences for infidelity when she nearly put his head through the wall for flirting with the Denny’s waitress. 
“That son of a bitch,” she mouthed as she stood in silence at the foot of the bed. 
“Stephanie,” Mitch said with a soft sigh. 
Kat turned on her heel and stormed off into the adjoining kitchen. “I don’t have time for this jackass, and besides – I’m starving.” 
“When will he learn?” she spat through cinched jaws. The fresh orange under her left hand became the target of her fury.
Kat sliced through the fruit and squeezed its fluids into an empty tumbler on the counter. Seventeen months together and this is all it meant to him? Buck was right. They come and they go. A few moments later, she heard the telltale shuffle of feet in the en suite bathroom. 
“Wait for it,” she said pointing her carving knife toward the ceiling.
The sound of a mad rush of bodily fluid hit the waters in the toilet. Another scuffle to the sink, followed by the faucet and finally Mitchell emerged from the cozy bedroom. 
“Morning, babe,” he said with a yawn. 
Kat didn’t dignify him with a response. He was so predictable, but then she was trained to be overly sensitive to the habits of people. Sensei Tagashi had told her that she was one of the brightest pupils he had ever instructed in his dojo. Mitch walked up behind her and slid his arm around her midsection.
“Hey. You alright?” 
She remained silent and pushed his arm away from her body. The well-toned man put his muscular arms around her chest.
“Come here.”
Kat thrust her ass into him, turned on her socks and pinned him against the adjacent wall. 
“Just who the hell is Stephanie? Hmm?” 
Kat placed the flat edge of the knife’s blade under his nut sac, and bounced his boys on it. 
“Whoa! What?” Mitch stood thoroughly confused at what just happened, and the knife under his crotch didn’t help. 
“You were saying her name in your sleep.” She pressed the carving instrument’s tip a little higher.
“Ow. If I was saying anything while I was asleep, I honestly don’t remember it. Jesus. What’s gotten into you?”
‘Katana? Are you free?’
She sighed into Mitch’s left shoulder. Q. There’s only one thing he usually contacts her for these days. 
‘Oh, well. I can wait until later if you have your hands full.’
Now’s fine, Q. What do you need?
She eased the knife out of his groin and turned her attention back to her meal. If this went where she thought, it would be a long time until the next one. 
“Looks like you’re off of the hook for now, darling.”
‘We have a pressing issue that needs attention, and your skill sets.’ 
Where and when, Q?
‘North Platte. As soon as possible. Judge is en route to intercept and assist. Ivy went off of the grid and the target looks to be arriving in town later this evening.’ 
Who’s the target?
‘Patrick McGarren. He’s wanted for embezzlement. Listen, Katana. He’s getting help somehow. Sledge’s family has already been targeted by the Architect, I suspect. So, be watchful.’ 
Kat crammed a forkful of the spinach quiche into her mouth and washed it down with some of her freshly squeezed orange juice. 
What happened?
‘Sledge’s family’s dead, Kat. He’s missing and off of the grid as well.’ 
Shit.
She took down the rest of her drink in a huge gulp and headed for her closet in the bedroom.
“I swear it was nothing,” Mitch said watching her hustle past. 
“Not now,” she said. “I’ve got a job to get ready for.”
“When will you be back?”
“Dunno,” she said. “It might be a little while. Just hold down the fort. I’ll call you when I can.”
Katana shut the door to the walk-in closet and plucked clothes off of their hangers. 
‘This Architect is a very dangerous person. He likely has an entire network of cronies working for him.’
Mitch commanded the cloud radio to life in the other room. His favorite talking head boomed around the house:


‘Hey folks. Zack here. We’re back up, and boy do I have some news for you today! The decay of society has accelerated since I’ve been gone. God bless Roger Coil for stepping in with some riveting programming. But I'm back and ready to step up to the front line in this cold civil war.
Ladies and gentlemen, I had a government assassin violate the sanctity of my home last week. My security cameras are over head and didn't capture his face very well. Damn cowboy hat was in the way. You can check out the still images at our website.
I walked out my front door and this man just stood there; didn't even knock. He said, "Here's 200 grand now shut your mouth."’


Kat laughed aloud in the closet. 
Sounds like Rider had a little fun.
‘He meant well, I know, but that’s another thorn that we’ll have to talk about some other time.’ 



‘I said, "Are you trying to buy me in a clandestine operation?"
Folks, I could almost hear the words of Thomas Jefferson echoing in my head: "I have sworn upon the altar of God eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man."
I looked him square in the eye and said, "Does that flag hanging over my garage look like an ostrich with its head in the sand to you?" At that moment his face changed. I saw pure evil and hatred. You see, he sold his soul and hates me because I still have mine. That's when he drew on me and put the barrel right against my forehead. I said, "You people think you're above the law. You may be winning now but your Waterloo is coming." He didn't like that and busted my nose and lip with his gun. I was reluctant but had to file a police report for my health insurance to cover putting my face back together.
The cops took my information and laughed. (The host mimics through gritted teeth) "It's about time someone shut your fat mouth, extremist scum. You should've taken the money...we did." The love of money truly is the root of all evil.


Katana returned to the kitchen several minutes later with a black duffle bag over her shoulder. “How can you stand to listen to that obnoxious ass?”
Mitch shrugged as he forked another bite of the quiche into his mouth. 
“He’s alright. Hey,” he said changing the subject, “wouldn’t it be cool if they were real?”
Katana slid her bag across the polished hardwood flooring. It bounced off of the recliner and came to a stop in front of the door. 
“Who?”
“Those assassins.”
She ran her lean fingers through his light brown locks. “You and your fantasies.”
“I’d just like to meet one, so that I could say I had, ya know?”
“And that’s probably why you never will, dear,” she said heading to the fridge. 



‘I wanted a witness to come forward and the good Lord made me one,’ the radio host continued.  ‘I'm meeting a sketch artist later today paid for out of my own pocket. The police wouldn't provide me one. They're covering up for these guys big time. We should have the images up tomorrow.
Due process will be restored to every American one way or another. First they came for the killers and I spoke out even though I wasn't a killer. Then they came for the rapists and I spoke out even though I wasn't a rapist. Then they came for the thieves and I spoke out even though I was not a thief. Well folks, now they have come for me. Will you speak out with me? Join our march next week on Washington and help us take back our once great republic. And as for Wyatt Twerp you better pedal as fast as you can. Once your face is on my site there won't be a stone you can hide under! You have given me a crack and I'm gonna crowbar the hell out of it. We'll be right back.’



She plucked an apple out of the fruit drawer and walked back over to the table. 
“Don’t get too bogged down in the bullshit,” she said leaning in to peck him on the cheek. 
She could be like that, and Mitch had just become accustomed to it. She would never really hurt him – that’s what he kept telling himself. She was a dove with the rage of a panther scorned. 
Katana tossed her few belongings into the trunk of her compact car and backed it down into the empty street. 
“Judge, huh?”
She looked her house over one more time. “Never worked with him. This should be entertaining.”
Kat threw the shifter into drive and rolled out en route to her new assignment. 
Chapter 9


June 2041
Near Sidney, NE


Judge barreled down I-80 East through yet another of this state’s open prairies. It lay like a green carpet that stretched on in every direction for miles. He shifted his midnight blue Hornet into a higher gear and punched the accelerator. 
That incident back in Idaho had been a real piece of work.
Judge grabbed his Chesterfield hydro from the coupe’s ashtray and took a deep drag. The assassin tugged the brim of his black fedora down over his brow.
That stranger that plugged me in the leg seemed familiar somehow. I couldn’t quite put my finger on him (took another drag). That scar over his eye. Where have I seen it before? Damn! 
Judge rolled past a slow-moving rig in the right lane. In seconds, it became a pair of bright specks in the rearview. 
Anyhow, I had to spend an hour in the local ER getting his slug removed. Not to mention having to go get my Hornet out of the shop on account of his conniving ass. 
He brushed his rust-colored hair back behind his right ear. Judge sat his Chesterfield back in the tray and turned up the volume on the noir jazz. 
His day’s coming… soon. I had to get back on the trail of my current contract. McGarren had managed to evade my shots on Coyote Bluff, but he wasn’t going to be so lucky this time. 
I made my way back to McGarren’s safe house to find the short woman half-alive seated at her own dining room table. It was gruesome. Severed fingers, blood, partially-eaten and cooked human flesh… Someone had been there right after the fight. Whoever they were, they’re sick. Just sick. 
The killer covered his mouth with the left sleeve of his brown trench coat. He forced the urge to regurgitate back down his throat. 
She was hanging to life by a thin lifeline when I got there. The little lady did manage to give the next stop for my hit – North Platte, Nebraska. 
He picked up his synthetic cig and tucked it back into the corner of his thin lips. 
So, I high-tailed it across Wyoming driving all day and night to catch back up to him. Coffee should be made its own saint, by the way. 
‘Judge, are you available?’
 Sure, boss. 
‘We’ve got a bead on McGarren.’
North Platte?
‘Yes. I saw some of your files from the incident in Idaho. What happened?’
Judge heaved a heavy sigh.
We know the man that shot me was the same one that popped me a good one at that gas station.
‘Of course, but how does he fit into things?’
Not sure just yet, Q (hydro smoke drifted up past the brim of his fedora). I’ve seen him somewhere before, but I can’t recall where.
‘Can you focus on his face and features for a second as best as you can?’
Sure.
Judge recreated the image of his assailant in his mind’s eye: the black knit cap rolled up just above the ears, the brown leather jacket, the long scar over his left eye, and his maniacal stare.
‘Excellent. That should do it, Judge. I’ll run this image through all of our known databases and see what comes back.’
Sounds good.
‘In the meantime, I need you to continue into North Platte. McGarren is on the western edge of town on I-80.’
Understood.
‘I’m sending in Katana to assist.’
C’mon, boss. You know I don’t like tagalongs.
‘Something isn’t right with this whole situation, Judge. One agent has already lost his family. I won’t have anyone else’s safety compromised.’ 
God. Who?
‘That’s not important right now. I need you to focus on your job at hand. Ivy has gone off of the grid. He could be holding her hostage and working for the conspirators for all we know.’
You think so, boss?
Q chuckled at his own hypothesis. 
‘Okay, maybe not. Something is wrong, though. She was with him when they left in Utah, and then she disappeared. It’s like someone just flipped a switch.’
Someone’s gotten inside?
‘Maybe. I don’t know anything for certain.’
Judge eased off of the gas and downshifted onto the exit ramp for North Platte’s downtown district. 
What kind of vehicle am I looking for?
‘I last saw them in her Ferrari. I would suspect that one of those wouldn’t be too hard to find in the middle of Nebraska.’
Rookies.
Judge took one last hit off of the stumpy hydro and crushed it out in the ashtray. 
‘Give me a status once you’ve fulfilled the contract, and I’ll see what I can uncover on your mystery man.’ 
Roger that, boss.
‘Safe travels, Judge. Q – out.’
The assassin guided his throwback machine down the ramp and onto 83 toward downtown. It was nothing different from any of the other divided highways around the country. Strip malls drifted like ghosts past either window as a trumpet player wove a dark melody in a slow-tempoed noir tune on the radio. 
Ivy off of the comm., eh? Very unlike her for sure, but what did it all mean? 
His inner detective worked frantically to piece it all together. 
There we are. They weren’t hard at all to pick out of the crowd. I stayed a few cars behind as they turned at the light.
Judge made the left onto West A Street, and tailed the red speed machine down the busy road. In a few hundred yards, it made another left onto McDonald. Judge held back for a few seconds, so as to not raise suspicion, and then proceeded down after his target.
The red car made a right turn into the parking lot of a Masonic lodge. 
Now, whaddaya suppose this is all about?
He parked his car out along the street under the shade of an elm and shut off the engine. Judge pulled his .38 revolver out of its holster on his right hip.
Yup. All rounds accounted for (snapped the chamber closed with a flip of his wrist). This whole contract was starting to reek like last week’s garbage. First it was a sawed-off lady in Idaho, and now this? (He peered off down the long stretch of pavement.) It didn’t add up, but I was gonna get to the bottom of that – right after I whacked this criminal scum with the ole Gavel (held the revolver up at eye-level.) Too many witnesses in the lodge most likely. 
The lean woman climbed out of the Ferrari’s cockpit and scanned the area for things out of the ordinary. McGarren trailed behind her as the tandem made their way to the side entrance of the structure. 
What gives? 
Judge leaned up over his steering wheel to follow their actions as long as he could. 
Why wasn’t she strangling this chump to death? (slapped his wheel) That’s right. She likes to get up close and personal with her targets. Well, at least she was still in one piece. It didn’t seem like my target was of any violent threat either. 
The two disappeared behind the corner of the two-story brick building, and out of the hitman’s line of sight. Judge leaned back in the roadster’s bucket seat, and pulled the pack of Chesterfields out of his coats right inside pocket. 
Take refuge while you can, worm (struck end of his hydro with a silver Zippo). Your clock is ticking. 
Chapter 10


June 2041
North Platte, NE


“Something is going on,” Ivy said. She sauntered past Pat rewarding him with a flirtatious smile as he held the door open. 
“What is it?” McGarren asked looking around the near barren lot. 
He followed her down a shallow set of ancient oak stairs. The sway of her rear under the white mini-skirt put him into a hormone-induced trance. Who kept spare outfits in the trunk of their sports car? 
The athletic woman brushed her left bangs back over her ear. She glanced back just in time to see Pat studying her ass for a thong. The joke was on him. She wasn’t wearing one. 
“We have company outside.” She came to rest in the middle of a large round blue carpet.
McGarren’s head went to the floor. His face wore a mask of sorrow – one of a man walking to his gallows. 
“You just worry about fixing your problem,” she said laying her left hand on his shoulder. “I’ll handle the rest.” 
 The wooden door to their left swung open and a tall heavyset man walked in to greet them.
“Is there something I can assist you two with this evening?” he asked. 
“My name’s Pat. Pat McGarren.” He pulled out a small slip of paper from his right pocket and looked down at it.
“I’m looking for a Joe Kirk. You know him?”
The portly fellow extended a large hand down to Patrick.
“I’m Joe Kirk.”
McGarren shifted uncomfortably and handed Kirk the slip of notebook paper. The giant of a man narrowed his brown gaze on the scribbles. Kirk ran a meaty set of digits through his salt-and-pepper hair taking it from an Einstein frazzle down to a semi-sleek mop. 
“So, Donna sent you my way, did she?”
“Yes, sir. She did. Ms. Moran had mentioned that you might be able to help me prove my innocence.”
Joe set his hands on his hips in a manner that reminded Pat of the mall Santas he had seen over his childhood. 
“You’re the one that’s been creating the big stir in the network, eh?”
He waved them into his small office behind the door. 
“Word has it that you faced one of the hunters and escaped. You somehow got framed?” He extended an open hand to the two leather seats on the other side of his desk. Pat and Ivy slid into them as Joe shut the door behind their party. 
“That’s right,” Pat said.
Joe turned a raised brow in the exotic-looking woman’s direction. 
“And, you are?”
“Ivy. I’m a friend.”
“Yeah,” Pat said setting his right hand on her bare left knee. “She helped me get this far. She can be trusted.”
Kirk nodded in acquiescence and fired up his computer. Its warm screen bathed his bearded features. 
“Here’s the thing,” Kirk said. “I can gain access to your case and sentencing notes in the Cloud Court, being a local judge myself.”
Pat leaned into the rectangular slab of cherry that served as Kirk’s lodge desk. His eyes lit up at the prospect of a glimmer of hope. 
“I can pull that information from the cloud and look for manipulations. The problem is going to be getting into your corporation’s materials.”
McGarren slouched back into the tan leather’s squeaky embrace. Damn.
“I don’t know how easy that one’s gonna be, Mr. Kirk,” Pat said in a defeated tone. 
“It’s Joe, and me either.”
Joe set his right hand down in the system’s mouse beam and manipulated the on-screen GUIs. 
“Chances are that your former employer has locked you out of the system,” Joe said never taking his eyes from the screen. 
“That would make retrieving that information impossible,” Ivy interjected. 
“Not necessarily,” Joe said. 
He took his eyes off of the screen and fixed them on Pat.
“There’s another way in, but it won’t be easy.”
McGarren sat up rubbing his chin in understanding. “Outside of the U.S.” 
Kirk set the end of his stubby index finger on the tip of his nose. 
“I might be able to use a generic access to get in to First Ray’s networks from a node in one of their international offices,” Pat surmised. 
“Getting out of the country with a contract on your head will be really tough,” Ivy said. 
“Quite right,” Joe said. “You won’t be able to just stroll out the front door, so to speak.”
Pat rubbed his eye sockets with the heel of his hands. This cat-and-mouse game gave him a migraine. 
“What do you suggest?”
The big guy’s head cocked to one side as he shrugged his shoulder.
“Eh, you could stow away by some means: a plane, or a ship.”
“He’d never make it past security,” the sleek seductress said. She laid her hand on top of Pat’s at her kneecap. 
“Then the best way for you to get out of the country is for you to not get on that plane.”
Pat winced in pain as he lowered his chin to his chest. “You got any aspirin?” 
Even the soft light from the computer monitor stabbed at his optic nerves like a searing kinetic blade. 
“Sorry,” Joe replied.
“I think I know where he’s going with this,” Ivy said. “You won’t be able to make it out of the country alive, but you under another person’s identity might.”
“Correct,” Joe said. “We’ll have to give you a cover ID, a new back story, change your prints and your appearance a bit.”
McGarren leaned back in his seat and closed his eyes trying to make the throbbing cease. “And you can do all of that?”
Joe laughed at this. “Oh, no. Not me, bub. I know of someone that can get that work done for you. Used to design tech for field ops at all levels. Military-grade holos, reprinting chips – even DNA masking if you want it.”
“What’s any of this going to cost me, Joe?” Pat asked. 
“Nothing. Consider it a favor that can be repaid at a future time.”
Joe scribbled something down and ripped off a slip of legal pad. He held the lone shred out over the small green desk lamp in front of McGarren. Pat took the paper and studied his new contact:


William Jameson
327 North Elm Street
Pleasant Valley Estates
Kansas City, MO



“He’s a good man. Lives up in Kansas City just off of I-35. He’ll get you prepped for your international departure.”
The smaller Louisiana man took Joe’s hand in his own.
“I don’t know how I’m ever gonna repay y’all for everything, but I will.”
Kirk eased back into his chair and turned his attention back to the monitor. “We’ll think of something. In the meantime, just keep a low profile and get to Bill. I’ll work your case files from the Cloud Court and see who filed it, how it was processed – all of its metadata. I smell a rat.”
Pat and Ivy stood up and headed for the exit. 
“We’ll show ourselves out, Joe,” he said opening the office door. “You’ve got your work cut out for you.”
Joe nodded as his big fingers flew over the hologram keyboard on his desk. 
“Heads down. Spirits up!” the big man shouted as Pat and Ivy closed the door behind them. 



The air outside cooled down several degrees since the duo had gone inside. A gentle breeze rustled the leaves in the highest boughs of the surrounding trees. 
“We can be in Kansas City by early morning,” Ivy said as they strode back toward her waiting Ferrari. 
“It’s what six or seven hours from…”
The front blinker casing on the Ferrari exploded onto the gray parking lot a few feet in front of Pat’s knee. The car’s doors flew open with a whir.
“Get in now!” Ivy commanded as she ran behind him. 



“Come on, come on,” Judge said. He stared at the two forms as they shuffled in the round field of his .38’s scope. “Get out of the damn way, Ivy!”
What a greenhorn. Just get outta my way so I can plug this guy and go home kid. I had to get her to step aside somehow.
The round field in the assassin’s scope drifted slightly to the right of Ivy’s shapely hips.

A large grey peck popped into existence in the passenger side door’s front panel. The youthful killer stammered to her left as Pat scurried into his bucket seat. 
“Head down and your ass to the door!” she shouted running around the back side of the sports car.
Two more distant thwips led to blown out portions of light tan interior just above McGarren’s right thigh. 

What the hell was she doing – helping him?
Judge released the chamber of his revolver and aimed the silenced muzzle at the street. 
Q would never stand for…
‘Judge, have you acquired the target?’
Yeah, boss, but you’re never gonna believe this.
Judge reloaded his sidearm from an ammo box on the roof of his Hornet. 
‘Why is Ivy standing in your way?’ 
Got me, Q. I thought you said that she was sent on him to cover for me. 
‘She was, but I don’t understand her behavior at all.’
Judge raised his weapon up on a line with the moving vehicle. He squeezed off three more rounds into the driver’s side door as it peeled past him. 
I’ve gotta roll, boss. They’re on the move.
‘I see. Well, stay on them, Judge. Katana is en route. She should already be in the area knowing her.’
Understood. 
The hitman tossed his gun into the passenger seat and fired up the V-8 engine of his coupe. 
‘I’ll continue working on this ordeal.’
Roger, Q. 
He turned the dark blue car around sharply in the street and sped out in pursuit of his target. 
‘Be vigilant. This Architect person is working our own system to their advantage. Q – out.’
Chapter 11

June 2041
North Platte, NE 


Swell. Real swell (pulled Zippo from his coat pocket and lit a cigarette). It was no wonder why we hadn’t been able to get this bozo if he had help from the inside.
Judge cut the wheel hard to the right and slammed the accelerator to the floor. 
But it didn’t add up (a small cloud of smoke drifted up past his fedora). How did the guy that shot me have anything to do with Ivy? Was she, in fact, working against us, or was this just another one of her tricks to make the guy think that she was in his corner? Get close to him – and then…
SLAP!
His right hand fell hard onto the black steering wheel. 
Meh… Just let the dame work her magic. She doesn’t do it quite as gracefully, but he’ll end up in the same place – a pine box.



Ivy cut the wheel of her Ferrari hard to the left. The low-profile car drifted through the corner as its rear tire bounced off of the far curb. 
“We’ve got trouble,” she said scanning their surroundings. 
“I’d say,” Pat replied – his voice coated in sarcasm. 
“That’s only the beginning, Pat.”
She made a sudden cut down an alley to the left and shut off the lights as the car slowed down. 
“What are you up to?” 
Ivy ignored her companion for the moment and paralleled the car behind a pair of beat up dumpsters. 
“That should give us a bit of time to come up with another way out of here,” she said examining the exteriors of the buildings on all sides. 
Ivy got out and arched her back in a pseudo-stretch. Pat got out of the car and walked to its front fender. McGarren watched as his savior’s eyes studied the brick walls with nervous intent. 
“There!” she snapped. 
Her gaze followed something, but Pat couldn’t tell what. He looked up into the boughs of the concrete jungle, but saw nothing out of the ordinary.
“This is bad. Really bad,” she said backing up to the door not taking her eyes off of the façade. 
Pat followed Ivy’s stare up onto the building behind the Ferrari. He thought he saw it too, but it couldn’t be. The dark brown brick just below the third story window bulged as if a giant bubble had drifted in front of it. 
“Pat, step away –“
The roof of the car collapsed into a wide crater with a deafening boom. A human form phased into existence crouched low in its center.  The figure wore a white skin-tight suit with matching hood and screened mask. Two swords laid across one another on the ninja’s back. 
“Get back in,” Ivy shouted. 
The shadow warrior produced a shining object from her forearm and held it up to strike Patrick down. Ivy grabbed a white tabi boot in both hands and pulled the assassin to its back. McGarren flung his door ajar diving into the bucket seat in a blur. Ivy pounced into the cockpit and fired the beast back to life under her steady grip. 
A pair of shining steel fangs plunged down from the roof. One blazed a trail of agony down Ivy’s right bicep. 
“What the hell is that? A ninja?” Pat asked.
“Yes,” Ivy replied wincing at her seeping wound. 
The blades retreated back up through the roof leaving mangled wiring and a shower of sparks in their wake.


I drove around town searching for them. They couldn’t have gone far in this kind of town.
Judge slowed his Hornet to a halt in front of a pair of red lights. He scanned the empty street to his left. 
There’s only so many places an Italian import can hide in the middle of corn country.
He took a deep drag from his Chesterfield allowing its minty relief to fill his lungs with fresh oxygen. He gazed off down the right side of the same road. 
They’ll turn up eventually.
The red Ferrari in question cut him off as he turned left onto the street. A white blur rolled onto the far sidewalk and lay in a heap. 
Bingo. 
Judge slowed to check on his partner. Katana bolted up from the sidewalk’s cool surface and sprinted back in the opposite direction from Judge. 
Must be alright, then. 
The hitman turned his attention back to the fading set of taillights ahead. 
This was gonna be another long day.



Pat turned his head over the headrest. The dark coupe still trailed them at a safe distance.
“He’s still on us,” Pat said. 
Ivy peered up into the rearview. “I know. We’ll shake him once we get on I-80.”
The dark blue vehicle trailed them through town to the interstate intersection. She punched the accelerator as the Ferrari rolled onto the highway leaving any trace of their assailant in the dust. 
Their journey north and east went on in relative silence. Farms drifted by like phantoms in the night. Lincoln came and went as did Omaha. They traded shifts after the turn onto Twenty-Nine and a stop for coffee at three in the morning. McGarren found the controls on this car a lot more sensitive than those in his dad-mobile, but he soon settled into it. Pat took this alone time to try and make sense of his situation. He looked over at Ivy slouched against the door and snoring. 
“Yeah, she’s out of it,” he muttered. 
He turned back to the hypnotic rolling broken white lines ahead. 
“Who in the world would want to do something like this to me?”
The bayou boy ran down the list of potential enemies that he could have made over the years.
“There are so many big money deals that I’ve had a hand in,” he said under his breath. “Several of them went south for one reason or another. Hell, it could be any of those.”
He wrenched his hands over the wheel until his knuckles turned white. 
“Who were they? That was a good while ago. One of the politicians the bank sponsored, the prison deal, the botched Galactic League team?” 
Pat drove on into the still of the early morning probing his memories for any hint of a rat. The sun had just started peeking up over the horizon when Ivy came out of her long-overdue catnap. 
“What’s going on?” she asked. It sounded to Pat like the right side of her face had gone numb against the glass. “Where are we?”
Pat glanced up at the highway signs as they flew by. 
“We’re coming into Kansas City right now.”
Ivy scoffed and sat her sore body upright in the black bucket seat. 
“We should have already made it to our next stop.”
McGarren looked down at the steady needle on the speedometer. 
“I went the limit the whole time.”
“Good God, Pat,” she moaned. “The speed limit?”
Ivy glanced out the rear window at the oncoming line of big rigs. 
“I’m pretty sure we lost him, Ivy.”
The petite assassin let out a frustrated sigh. 
“You don’t understand. These people are professionals. You don’t lose them. They hunt. They kill. They won’t quit until you’re dead.”
Pat hunched down over the steering column like a scorned pup. So much for optimism. He patted his right hand on his pants pocket. “Which one is it in?”  
His sultry partner leaned in over the shifter and whispered in his ear.
“Just keep driving. I’ll find the address.”
He felt her small hand enter his right pocket and slide down his thigh. Soon her slender fingers found the base of his manhood. 
“Hmm,” she said. “Not quite what we’re looking for – just yet.” 
She smiled and pulled her hand back out producing the torn slip of paper he needed. 
“We need to get onto thirty-five north soon,” she said examining the scribbling. “It shouldn’t be much farther on the other side of that.”
McGarren guided the car through the maze of interchanges until it spat them out onto I-35 heading toward the suburb of Pleasant Valley. They made the turn onto North Elm and wound up its gradual incline. 
“Over here,” Ivy said pointing to a small home on her side. 
Pat pulled the car into the little gravel driveway with care. The little white cottage reminded him of a miniature church. It had a steep-pitched dormer poking out over its main point of entry. One mid-sized walnut tree dotted the otherwise vacant small plot. 
“Are you sure we got the right place?” Pat inquired. 
“William Jameson,” she read. “327 North Elm. Yeah, this is it.”
Pat pulled the speed machine in next to an old rusted-out F-150. It looked like some sort of franken-truck: a blue front panel here; a red bed panel there. 
“It just doesn’t seem like the home of some former expert, or whatever his is.”
Ivy slid out of her side and pushed the door shut with a click. 
“You can’t trust your senses all of the time.”
“Maybe so,” Pat said following behind her, “but this seems a bit off.”
Pat led them around the mangled little sidewalk to the home’s front door. 
“Oh, shit,” he said as he reached out to ring the doorbell. 
A small wild-haired man poked out from behind the stained curtain. His beady eyes studied them both from behind their thick spectacles. Another smaller monocle jutted out over the right lens on a tiny shining arm. 
“If ever there was a stereotypical mad scientist…” Pat said. 
“Shh.” 
“Whum moo wan?” the short man asked through the thick window panes. 
Pat raised a brow. 
The living troll doll repeated his question with more emphasis.
“What do you want?”
“Oh, right,” McGarren said. He held up and index finger and came back with a slip of paper. 
Pat held the scrap up against the window and Jameson acknowledged. The front door popped open with a loud crack. 
“Mr. Jameson,” Pat said. “I was told to come and see you about getting out --”
“You need to get inside first,” he said interrupting McGarren. He had the vocal chords of a pre-pubescent teen. 
Jameson rushed them into the cool shadows of his makeshift laboratory. The place looked like it hadn’t seen the light of day – nor a maid – in the better part of a decade. 
“I was told to see you about getting out of country, Mr. Jameson.”
The sawed-off man got to within an inch of Pat’s clothes examining him from every angle. 
“J-Joe,” he said following the eccentric little man as he moved to his backside to continue his search. “Joe said you could help me get out of the country for a while. What are you doing?”
Jameson shuffled back around to face McGarren.
“Just checking for bugs. You can never be too careful.”  
He waved them to follow him back into what presumably used to serve as a kitchen. It now housed leaning stacks of textbooks, scattered beakers and an assortment of computer servers. Jameson pulled the blinds shut with a sharp tug and flipped on an outdated floor lamp. 
“Yes,” he squeaked. “Joseph informed me of your predicament, Mr. McGarren. Quite remarkable.”
“Then you can help me?” 
Jameson shuffled over to a counter next to his stove and came back carrying a small bottle of pills. 
“I can, but it will take some time,” he shook the bottle between his index finger and thumb, “and some drugs.”
The mad scientist gathered up various instruments and syringes as he spoke.
“Take one of these pills,” he said dropping the small brown bottle onto the round table. “It’s an anesthetic. You’ll only be under for an hour or two while I perform your fingerprint surgery and alter your blood type.”
Several pings and bangs echoed from the bedroom on the other side of the main living area.
“Your DNA, on the other hand,” Jameson shouted from the far room, “will only require you to drink a solution and undergo light radiation therapy.”
Something large fell over with a bang followed by a string of obscenities from the good professor. 
“You should stay here until morning so that the pills can wear off. It’ll also give me a chance to make sure that your DNA mutation took.”
Pat swallowed the pill and walked with Ivy out into the living room. Jameson returned wielding a kinetic blade scalpel. Its blue phantom blade hummed above his nimble fingers. 
“Did you take the meds?” 
McGarren nodded and moved toward the bedroom door. 
“Excellent,” Jameson said motioning him into the makeshift operating area. He turned his frantic hair toward Ivy.
“This shouldn’t take long, miss. Make yourself at home.”
Ivy put on one of her best faux smiles and dug out a place on the leather sofa to make her camp.



Lunch time had come and gone and dinner pulled up fast when Jameson emerged at last from the bedroom. 
“Well,” he said, “That’s that.”
McGarren took ginger steps out of the doorway from behind his surgeon. His vision still blanketed everything in a cloud of haze. 
“You alright?” Ivy asked getting up from the sofa. 
Pat nodded with a mumble and a groan. 
“He’ll be a bit groggy for another thirty minutes and then he’ll be just fine.”
Pat walked toward the rotating couch falling into a heap at Ivy’s feet. 
“Maybe I’ll just take him back to our room and let him get some rest,” she said draping his arm around her neck. “Easy now.”
Jameson poked his head around the corner in the hallway between the sofa and the operating area.
“Your room’s the one at the end of this hall,” he said. “Bathroom’s on the right.”
“Thanks,” she said helping the groggy fugitive down the corridor. 
Their bedroom was cozy and, to her surprise, very clean. A small twin bed stretched out across the center of the small space bisecting its chocolate carpeting. 
“There you are, dear,” Ivy said laying Pat down on the bed. “Just let me help you get settled in for a nap, and then we’ll see about some dinner later.”
“Sounds good,” Pat mumbled through his prescription high. 
Ivy sat her purse on the nightstand and plopped down on the bed next to him. 
“Let’s make you more comfortable,” she said unbuttoning his shirt and sliding it off. 
“I don’t know if…” Pat contested through his numbness, but the athletic woman had already undone his belt and fly.
“There, now,” she whispered in a seductive tone. “Just lie back there and relax.”
She slid his pants and boxers off and wrapped his penis in her soft hand. Pat responded with a groan. 
“That’s more like it,” she said pausing to slide her dress up over her head.
Ivy unfastened her matching white bra and reached into her purse. She came back with a small bottle of some sort. Pat couldn’t tell for certain, but it looked like a bottle of nail polish. 

She sat naked next to him applying a generous coat to each of her deadly claws. Soon, none of this will matter, she thought placing her venomous polish back into her purse. 
“Let’s have a little fun, baby,” the assassin said as she straddled him and lowered her mouth onto his member. 
McGarren couldn’t make out much in his condition. Her silken black hair bobbed up and down tickling his inner thighs. Some time later, he came back out of the black void of his sleep to find Ivy writhing on top of him. Soft moans of pleasure and excitement broke the silence of their room. Her lips came down on his and her hands gripped his biceps tight. 
“I think I love you, baby,” he hear her whisper as she rocked her pelvis back and forth on top of him. 
Her nails tore into the flesh of his upper arms, and then the void of darkness returned. 
Chapter 12


June 2041
Pittsburgh, PA



Jagger’s crimson leather duster drifted just beyond the reach of the imported marble mosaic on the floor to Cooper Enterprises. His boss had lavish tastes and no problem flaunting it in the faces of his clientele and competitors. The lean albino checked himself in the surface of the glass wall. Every white spike of hair had a specific place on his scalp. The former British Spec. Ops soldier gave the rest of his form a final once-over with his demonic red eyes. 
He proceeded down the long main corridor past the frosted company logo (a small letter ‘e’ set within a larger capital ‘C’) to the door last door on the left. A rectangle of gold embossed with ‘Robert Cooper: CEO’ greeted the agent along with the tail end of one of his supervisor’s infamous ass-chewings.
“… and if I catch wind that your project is behind schedule one more time, Rick,” Cooper’s sinister voice hissed from the other side of the door, “I will come down there and kick your ass off of that site personally!”
The sound of a meaty fist slamming down on the video phone receiver made Jagger hesitate before rapping on the mahogany door. 
“Yes?” Cooper inquired from his office. 
“Jagger, reporting as requested, sir,” he said in his lower-class British accent. 
“Get your dentally-challenged ass in here.”
Jagger’s lips parted in a hateful smirk revealing his crooked overbite. This meeting wouldn’t take place over tea and pleasantries that much the hitman could tell already. Cooper’s face lowered to the big desk’s surface when he entered the room. Robert’s well-groomed white hair covered his head like a sleek helmet. 
“Shut the door behind you,” Cooper demanded into the executive desk. 
Jagger followed his instructions and strode over to the pair of leather chairs. 
“Take a seat, Jagger.” He lifted his hawk-like features to his computer screen. “This is going to take a while.”
The thin Brit took a graceful seat across the polished desk from the view of downtown. 
“So,” Cooper said getting up from his chair, “I hear that one of our Cerberus agents has gone and run amuck.”
Jagger crossed one leg over the other. His black leather pants creaked in the process. 
“I don’t follow, sir.”
Cooper poured a tumbler full of the Bourbon from its crystalline flask on the table behind his throne. 
“Dominic,” he replied taking a nip of the whiskey. His gaze scanned the metro’s skyline. “I have it from a very reliable source,” he turned and slammed his glass down on the desk, “that he’s trying to fuck up everything that I’ve worked on for a decade!” His words dripped like venom from his clenched jaws. 
“He was supposed to be slowing Judge down in the Northwest,” Jagger said maintaining his cool. 
“You might want to tell him that,” Cooper replied. He turned his face and his frustration back out the large glass windows. 
The Brit’s face twisted in confusion. 
“He tried to kill that agent.” Cooper clasped his hands behind his back and walked out from behind his throne. “Then he went after another one in Cheyenne, Wyoming. Now Dominic has disappeared without a trace. I want him brought back to my ranch for reconditioning.”
Perfect, Jagger thought. The plan was for him to kill that Hunter Cell prick. Can’t he do anything right?
“There’s another matter that concerns me more,” Cooper said sitting on the front corner of his desk. 
Jagger’s red irises lifted to his boss’s face. His left brow shot up as if to say: what of it?
“Several million dollars were invested in an undisclosed project down in Texas a couple of weeks ago.”
Jagger shifted in his leather chair. Borg is my creation asshole, he thought. He’ll guarantee your overthrow.
“My nephew had no idea of this project, or its intentions.”
“Troy’s just another pretty face for the media,” Jagger replied in a condescending tone. “Even the press-titutes see that.”
Cooper raised his shoulders and leaned back on the desktop. 
“That may be, Jagger, but he still knows everything that happens in his own laboratory.”
Robert grabbed his gold letter opener from its marble nest and rolled its point on the pad of his index finger. “Do you see my dilemma?”
Jagger knew that his boss smelled a rat. He just hoped that Cooper didn’t catch onto his mutinous intentions before they could fully bloom. 
“I’m only going to ask you this once,” Cooper said, “and if I don’t like your answer,” he jabbed the blade of the opener into the desk’s flawless surface, “I’ll throw your freaky ass out my window.”
The cool Cerberus assassin threaded his hands together in front of his face. 
“Where did that money go, Jagger?”
“We made a worthy investment into the solution of a problem.”
The big wig tapped the end of his nose with an index finger. 
“And just what might that investment be?”
Jagger leaned forward in the leather chair. His demonic eyes reeled Cooper’s own in with the pull of a ten ton magnet. 
“Those Hunter Cell mates have chips in their brains. The best way to catch a cyborg is to build a better one of your own.”
Cooper sprung from the edge of his desk with the stealth of a panther. “Just what the hell did you do, Jagger?”  
The albino stood and brought his steel resolve nose to nose with his boss’s quivering jowls. “I gave you an insurance policy against Dominic as well as one hell of a hunter.”
The Brit’s lips parted in another of his signature smirks revealing his vicious overbite. “You gave me the jurisdiction to run Cerberus how I saw fit.” Jagger slid his reflective shades over his stern gaze and strode toward the door. “I am exercising that authority. Your renegade agent will be on the ranch shortly.”
Cooper stood frozen by rage at his desk. “If he’s not on my ranch in the next three days,” he said, “I’ll deport your ass back to England and let their authorities tear you to shreds.”
The albino nodded his white spikes once and shut the door behind his drifting crimson duster. 



Borg’s cybernetic left eye scanned the hills of the St. Francois Mountains that lay before him. If the renegade Cerberus agent hid somewhere among this range in Missouri Borg’s sensors would find him. 
“Find Dominic,” the cyborg muttered in a monotone voice. “Return alive.”
His powerful mechanized legs stormed off over the worn trail into the higher elevations. The Taum Sauk Mountain loomed in the low-lying fog like an ancient specter. Borg’s infrared vision sensors detected no recent sign of human activity in the area, but his human eye found broken twigs and fresh footprints that argued the contrary. The crude amalgam of man and machine turned its eyes up to the heavens. The lone lunar orb still drifted across the swath of the Milky Way. 
“Sunrise at zero-six-twenty-one,” he read off of his internal quantum drives. “Must remain out of the sun. One hour until departure.”
Borg sped up his pace over the open grazing lands in the valley scaring off several deer in the process. 
Why sunrise? His human brain challenged. 
Borg turned his human eye down upon his body. 
My God! 
Two massive steel legs pumped their pistons among a twinkling bank of multi-colored LEDs. The left side of his torso and right arm shimmered under the pale moonlight while his right side and left arm lay bare to the elements. 
What have I become? This isn’t right! Borg’s human psyche dug through what remained of his mind for any traces of his former self. 
D. Why does that letter sound so familiar? He felt his human spirit being stomped out like an ember that refused to die.
“Functional override,” he said in a monotone voice. 
No, no, no!
Whatever mortal element remained within the hulking machine quickly got thrown back into its holding cell. 
“Must bring Dominic in alive.” 
His massive legs trudged on toward the summit of the mountain crushing anything alive in their wake. Borg’s blue bionic eye snapped around to its right. A thin pillar of dark smoke trailed off from the chimney at the near end of a small cabin. 
“Heat source detected.”
Borg spun on his gears and metal socket joints. The machine’s internal circuits pegged off of the scale in a flurry of analysis:

IFRARED DECAY: 80%
LIVING ORGANISMS: NONE
IMPRINT MATCH: 100%

His target had been here and not very long ago. Borg marched onward toward the cabin driven by the logarithms and programs deep in the recesses of his metallic spine. The door to the small hunting cabin swung on its rustic hinges in the evening’s gentle breezes. His robotic orb scanned over the entrails of several small woodland game scattered on the oaken planks of the floor. 
The interior of the cabin only got worse as Borg probed deeper into its terrors. A small pile of human limbs lay stacked against the cheek of the fireplace. A large metal pot simmered over the remnant embers of the once healthy flames. The occasional finger or toe swam by the surface of the stew as he examined the mantle.

FINGERPRINT: HUMAN. LEFT MIDDLE FINGER. 
MATCH: 100%
INFRARED DECAY: 70%

Dom had left this place a short while earlier. The print was a relatively fresh one judging by the decay saturation. The machine rounded the couch and stomped toward the door, but stopped at the sound of the woman’s voice on the Cloud player on the table. The singer’s sweet melody caused the image of a young brunette to flash in his mind’s eye. 
She leaned on his shoulder and sang the same melody into his ear. Her soft curls excited the nerve endings on his neck. Who was she? Why did she matter? 
“Sunrise in thirty-seven minutes.” 
Borg stormed off back out into the lavender hues of pre-dawn programmed to leave civilized society behind until once again the darkness fell. 
Chapter 13


June 2041
Kansas City, MO


The black void melted to shades of brown and burnt orange. Pat groaned as he rolled over in the small bed in Jameson’s little white house. 
“Damn,” he grumbled. A searing heat radiated from either bicep. “What the hell happened?”
Ivy sat beside him – her nude torso propped up against a small mound of pillows. She quickly crumpled a thin clear plastic tube and pitched it to the floor. 
“Don’t you remember?” she asked. “I figured after a night like that one you would be smiling.”
McGarren rubbed the crust from his eyes and rolled over toward the goddess. “Oh, shit.” 
He popped the sheets up with his left hand and confirmed what he feared. Ivy snuggled up to Pat’s muscular chest and took him in the palm of her hand. 
“Look,” he said squirming away. “I’m married.”
The athletic assassin rolled onto her back thread her fingers behind her head. 
“I know,” she said. “We can’t help or change what happened now.”
Pat moved to sit up, but the dull throbbing waves of nausea pushed him back down. 
“Besides,” she said. “You know as well as I do that we both wanted to.”
“That still doesn’t make it right,” he retorted rubbing his eye sockets with the heels of his hands. “Did the surgery stuff take? I can’t tell a difference.”
“Jameson will probably test your prints once we get dressed.” She sat up on her side of the mattress and set her head in her hands. “You won’t notice the DNA changes in your appearance, but a swab will come back with someone other than you.”
“Look, I didn’t mean it like –“ 
Ivy dismissed his comment with a swat of her hand. 
“I understand what you meant.” 
“Then what’s on your mind?” McGarren asked in a consoling tone. 
What’s on my mind? Ivy thought. I had you, but I let you live. What in God’s name is wrong with me? That’s what’s on my mind. My boss is going to kill me. That’s swirling around in here, too handsome. 
“Oh, nothing,” she muttered as she pulled her dress off of the floor and slid it over her head.  “We should go let Jameson look you over to see how his work turned out.”
The couple strode into the cluttered living room where Jameson sat watching the evening news on his TV. He spun in his recliner at the creak of their approaching steps. 
“Ah,” he said closing his fist at the TV screen. It responded and faded to black. “Back in the land of the living, are you?”
Pat nodded his throbbing skull and winced. 
“That’s just the sedative working its way out of your body, Mr. McGarren. The headache will pass in a few hours.” 
Jameson’s wild white hairs danced in the soft glow of the lone lamp in the corner as he approached Pat. 
“Let’s just see how our experiment turned out, shall we?”
The mad scientist took one of McGarren’s hands in his much smaller one and studied the prints. He bent in over Pat’s index finger and swung the magnifying monocle down over the lens of his thick glasses. 
“Uh huh,” he said inspecting his work. “Looks convincing enough.” He motioned for Pat to follow him to a small writing desk against the far wall. 
“Let’s see how it really holds up!” he said rubbing his meaty palms together with vigor. 
Jameson produced a small print scanner from under the recessed door of the desk and sat it in front of Patrick. McGarren set his right index finger down on the pulsing green light unsure of whose identification information to materialize on the monitor.  The thin beam of light ran back and forth three times before flashing once to indicate that it had completed its probe. The display on the perpendicular screen presented its findings:

Walter Wingfield
139 Raspberry Drive
Kodak, TN

“Holy hell,” Pat said. 
“Please to make your acquaintance, Mr. Wingfield,” Jameson said with a smile. “Now, let me run a quick scan for the DNA.”
The stumpy scientist scoured the desk top for it and then came up with the thin white medical wand in hand.
“There we are,” he said plugging the device into the side of his cloud terminal. “Just stand very still so I can get an accurate readout.”
Pat acknowledged his request and closed his eyes.  A fan of white light sprung from the underbelly of the device when Jameson clicked the switch. As he ran the light down Pat’s body, McGarren’s vital stats as well as his organs and blood cell counts flashed to life on the screen.  Jameson trained his beady brown eyes on the small blue box in the top left corner of the monitor. The computer responded and the subject’s DNA readout consumed the entire screen:

Subject: Male
Identity: Wingfield, Walter

“Yup. Good as gold,” Jameson said shutting the system down. 
“But, I still look like me,” Pat said. 
“Yes, but looks alone won’t be enough to hold you even if the public justice system held you out of suspicion, you would be set free once your prints came back clean.”
“They probably have other federal agencies looking for you,” Ivy interjected. “This should get us out of country anyway.”
“Indeed,” Jameson said. “From there you can do what you will.”
The look in McGarren’s eyes said it all. Ivy clutched her small purse under her arm and started for the front door.
“Thanks again for everything,” Pat said shaking Jameson’s hand. 
“Just put it all to good use.”
Pat tapped him lightly on the shoulder and followed his agile savior back out into the fading daylight. He only hoped that they had lost that Bogart look-alike long enough to make his exit. 
Chapter 14

June 2041
Kansas City, MO


Judge took another drag off of his Chesterfield and placed its smoldering stub back in the corner of his mouth. The seasoned agent maneuvered his midnight blue Hornet around the street corner hoping against hope that McGarren and Ivy would be there. 
Wouldn’t ya just know it? I had trailed these numbskulls into Missouri, but they somehow managed to slip away. 
Judge drove up to the next stoplight slowing his pride and joy to a standstill under its red glow. 
We almost had ‘em back there. Between Katana and me, we nearly nabbed them both. They could be anywhere by now. 
The assassin rolled his coupe forward once the light changed and continued down East Ninth Street. The flashing neon reeled the weary road warrior in like a bug zapper. 
“Archie’s”, eh? Looked like my type of joint, and I hadn’t had a chance to unwind in a while. So, I figured what the hell? A good drink might clear things up a bit. 
Judge wrapped his long brown trench coat around his slender frame as he strode toward the glass door. The main lounge of the NetRo club vibrated with the throwback dancing from the 1940s. Men tossed their partners in to the smoky air with style as the big band belted out a swing standard from the revived era. 
This club would do the trick alright. The assassin jabbed a lean hand into his coat pocket. It came back with a crumpled pack of Chesterfield hydros. He slid another synthetic cig into the corner of his mouth and lit the end with a flick of his Zippo. 
These were my kind of people. They spoke my language. A few minutes in here could soothe the soul. I strolled over to an empty booth in a back corner. No need to make myself known. 
“Purple Jesus on the rocks,” he said to the approaching waitress. 
I had to wrap my brain around all of this. Why was Ivy protecting this scumbag? What did she know that the rest of us didn’t? None of it made any sense. 
The perky brunette returned to the booth and set the tumbler of gin and grape juice in front of the Sam Spade clone. 
“Thanks, doll.”
She dipped her left hip and sauntered off into the dispersing crowd as the bandstand cleared for five. 
Why would the Cloud Court put out a hit on this clown if he was innocent? 
‘Judge, are you free?’ It was the boss. Maybe he could shed some light on this.
I’m here, Q. 
‘I’ve gleaned a little more intel on who our adversaries are and I’m getting the word out to all of you as quickly as I can.’
Judge took another swig from his half-empty tumbler. 
Any kind of clarification at this point would be a good thing.
‘I know. Listen, the person that attacked you, the one that got to Sledge – they’re both a part of an organization called Cerberus.’
Let me guess, the Architect?
‘More than that,’ the Cell leader said. ‘The fellow responsible for putting that hole in your leg –‘
Yeah, I’m listening.
‘Does the name Dominic ring any bells for you?’
The assassin choked on the remnants of his tonic. 
That son of a bitch?
‘From Minnesota. The same, I’m afraid. He’s a Cerberus agent.’
I thought I knew him from someplace.
‘If he’s running with Cerberus, then you know the whole lot of them are no good.’
Okay, boss. So, maybe I get to exact a little revenge on the guy, but that still doesn’t explain why Ivy’s helping McGarren out.
‘What?’ Q sounded more flustered than he or she had ever been. What do you mean she’s helping him out?
Me and Kat caught up to him back in North Platte, but Ivy undercut our hit.
‘Something’s very wrong with this whole picture, Judge.’
You’re tellin’ me, pal. You think he might be innocent? Set up?
‘That’s about the only reason I could think of that would make Ivy behave that way. I’ll have to do some more research to be sure.’
Understandable.
‘In the meantime, I want you to stay on them. He’s still a legitimate target until you hear otherwise from me personally. Understand?’
Copy that, Q.
‘Be safe, old friend. With communications going out, and people acting out of the ordinary, working in groups might be the best way to go for the time being.’
Will do.
‘Very well. Q – out.’
Judge tipped the bottom of the glass toward the ceiling finishing off the last of his drink. 
Work together? Had Q finally gone completely off of the rocker? It violated the first commandment we all memorized in boot: work alone. Teaming up would only get one or all of us killed. 
A familiar shimmer of gold grabbed his attention from across the club. 
I knew that tooth and the smug smirk that went along with it. Snake Malone. 
Malone swiped his black trench coat back as he glided between the cramped seating. He smiled at a passing waitress showing off his golden eye-tooth once more. 
Malone used to be the right hand man to a powerful Don back in L.A. It wasn’t a matter of if Pauley ‘Two Blades’ would ever show up on our list. It was when. 
Judge tucked another Chesterfield between his lips and struck it. 
When Two Blades did come across the desk his files got passed to me. Racketeering, drugs, extortion, murder – you name it. I plugged him from long range while he walked out of one of his many high-rises downtown. Malone stood right next to him as he died.  I got a good look at his mug through my scope that day. 
The assassin tugged the brim of his black fedora down over his eyes, set a five-dollar blueback on the table and set out for the front door. 
I suppose this answered the question of what happened to some of Two Blade’s cronies after his mob collapsed. If Snake caught wind that I was in town he’d do more to me than just say, ‘hello’. 
Judge scanned the room for the mob boss, but didn’t see him anywhere. 
Snake led the cavalry in a lynch mob against me. I had a couple of close calls in Santa Barbara a few weeks after the hit. Malone had gotten a good look at my face and I had introduced his to the hood of my Hornet. You didn’t just forget the face of the man that killed your cousin in cold blood. Snake would know me if he ran into me – no doubt. 
 Judge rounded the corner at the maître d’ and made for the glass door. A couple of Snake’s hoodlums caught a glimpse of him as he drifted past their table. 
I had to get outa here and fast. They were onto me somehow, and I –
“Pardon me, Mac,” Judge said backing away from the black coat that he’d just ran into. 
The green eyes of the assassin walked up the black fabric to be met by a gleaming gold tooth.
“You son of a bitch,” Malone said grabbing Judge by the lapels of his brown coat. 
“Look, you’ve got me mixed up with somebody else,” Judge said. 
“Like hell I do.” The thug slammed Judge’s body against the near wall rattling a few autographed photos loose.  “I lost you back in Oregon, but you were a slice to follow once you popped back up in Seattle.”

“Well,” Judge said. “I suppose we’re gonna have to do this the hard way.”
Snake pinned a meaty forearm to the assassin’s throat. “I was plannin’ on it.”
Judge moved his right hand up toward his mouth in a slow and deliberate fashion. 
“May I?” he asked pointing to his synthetic cig. 
Malone shrugged. 
Judge took the hydro between his finger and thumb and planted his right wingtip in the mobster’s groin. Snake curled down in agony giving Judge the opening he needed. The assassin stabbed Malone’s eye with the smoldering end of his Chesterfield and crushed the thug’s nose with his forehead. 
“Fuck!” Malone wailed through blood-soaked fingers. “Get him. He’s gettin’ away.”
Four brutes sprung from their table in a flurry and ran to their Don’s beckon call. 
“It’s him!” Malone exclaimed. “I want his ass alive, you hear?”
Malone’s right-hand man bobbed his head and shuffled out the door behind his screaming comrades. The small crowd in front of the club scattered as the pursuit moved up the sidewalk. 
“Dominic,” Judge said running toward his coupe. “I’d bet anything you tipped these morons off, didn’t ya?”
A bullet ricocheted off of one of the Hornet’s chrome hubcaps as Judge rounded the front bumper. 
“Whu’choo shootin’ at, Rickie?” he heard the lean black thug ask. 
“I was aiming for his leg, man,” the smaller Latino replied. 
“God damn. Just get the car!”
Judge swung into the driver’s seat of his ride. Rickie’s stout form disappeared behind a red roadster in his rearview mirror. The assassin fired up his Hornet and peeled away from the curb just ahead of Malone shattering the glass in Archie’s front door. 
Two of Snake’s other goons bounded into the Mercury Afterglow that fired up at the curb. 
“Bring his ass back alive!” Malone exclaimed as the golden roadster squealed off in pursuit of the assassin. 


This was not the kind of attention that I needed. 
Judge cut his Hornet hard to the right and then to the left again. 
Tenth Street should spill out onto the highway at some point soon. 
A shower of .45 caliber rounds marched up the street in Judge’s passenger side mirror. The thug in a red fedora scowled and pulled the action slide of his Tommy gun back. 
These lame brains meant business. If any of them could hit the broad side of a barn they’d be worth something. Lucky for me, none of them could – 
The Hornet’s passenger mirror exploded as another line of bullets honed in on their intended target. 
“I just had this thing fixed!” Judge shouted. “My body shop’s gonna love me. They’re getting more dough from me than my ex right now.”
The gunman in the red fedora leaned out the passenger side of the Afterglow roadster training the muzzle of his gun on the dark blue Hornet. Judge knew how to deal with this sort of clown, but it would be a chess move that would prolong the match. The assassin cut his wheel hard to the right sending his coupe up on two tires as it rounded the turn onto Charlotte Street. Red’s burst flew off into the nighttime air as the yellow roadster drifted through the turn in a small cloud of white. 
Judge maneuvered his machine onto the interchange weaving in and out of the passing traffic. The loud blast from an angry trucker told the seasoned assassin that the gold roadster trailed close behind. 
“You just won’t take the hint,” Judge said eyeing the Afterglow up as it advanced on him in the rearview. 
The gunner in the red fedora slipped back into his seat as the roadster pulled alongside Judge’s blue Hornet.  Judge whipped his .38 out of its holster and pinched off two rounds. They both missed their mark, but shattered the roadster’s windshield causing momentary panic. Judge swerved his coupe into the far right lane and tapped the brakes. This put a box truck between him and his assailants. 
“That oughta –“
A heavy impact in the back bumper of his coupe shoved Judge’s forehead plowing into the windshield. The assassin peered over into his side mirror to find a black Chrysler Classic coup ramming his bumper again. This carload of thugs shoved his coupe closer and closer to the back end of a tractor trailer. Judge slammed on his brake pedal and swerved his coupe out into the middle lane of the highway. The black Classic cut over right behind the assassin not giving up an inch. Zipping in front of him, the gold roadster cut off every escape save down the exit ramp back into the downtown district. 
Judge guided his Hornet down into the dark streets escorted on either side by Malone’s goons. He thought about making a quick break, but that daydream fizzled when a gunman popped out of the passenger side of both the gold roadster and the black Classic. 
I had no place to run. The best thing for me to do was to just see what it was Malone wanted from me.  So, I followed the gold car down a few streets and into the parking lot of an abandoned hotel. Of course, I knew this was a bad idea, but there were six of them with machine guns and only one of me. 
“Let’s go, wise guy,” a towering man said opening the driver’s side door to the Hornet. 
Another brute grabbed Judge by scruff of his neck and drug the assassin out of the cabin. “The boss is gonna enjoy beatin’ you to death.”
A burst of steel-toed stars clouded Judge’s vision as the tingle of the attack registered. 
I’m gonna rip your leg off and stick that boot up your –
“In ya go,” the skinny black man said lifting Judge from the abandoned lot by his bicep. Rickie and another goon jabbed the muzzles of their Tommy guns into the small of his back as encouragement.  
Inches of dust coated the interior of the warehouse like grey snow. Malone paced around two worn iron beams near the cement factory’s heart. He motioned for his thugs to bring Judge over. 
“Welcome to the ball, princess,” the black thug snickered. 
“Good one, Jerome,” Rickie said jabbing the muzzle of his machine gun into the small of the assassin’s back. 
“Shut up an’ bring him over here – both o’ ya’s,” Malone said. “Chain him to the pole.”
Jerome and Rickie wrapped the one-inch links around Judge from his shoulders to his ankles sealing the killer in with three padlocks. 
Real swell. One stop for a breather and a tonic and this is what I get to show for it. 
 ‘Judge, what’s going on?’ 
I’ve got it under control, Q. Judge hissed through his clenched lips. Just got a visit from some old friends.
‘I don’t like the look of this.’ 
Q always had a way of being on top of every little detail with all of them. At even the slightest hint of trouble, Q checked always checked up on the agents. 
No need for concern, boss.
‘Give me a look around.’
Judge peered down at his shoes and then swept the entire room with his green gaze. 
‘Five of them to one of you.’
I can handle them.
‘Not to mention, they have you bound in heavy chains.’
You know we don’t like working together. 
‘I know – too much of a risk, but you need the help right now. I’ve already called Katana in on this. She’ll be there in a matter of minutes. Just sit tight.’
Judge chuckled. Kat would shred these clowns. They won’t even see her coming. 
‘Exactly. That’s why she’s one of our best. Just stall them as best as you can. She’ll handle the rest.’ 
Fine, boss. 
‘Very well. Q – out.’
“You’re gonna pay for Pauley,” Malone said circling Judge.  “I remember you. I never forgot what you did.”
Malone landed a powerful fistful of jewel-encrusted fingers into Judge’s left eye socket. An immense pulse of heat and pain enveloped Judge’s guise. 
“Pauley was more than just family,” Malone said. The mob Don took his designer jacket off and handed it to Jerome. “He was practically my kid brother.”
Malone’s thick fist connected with the bridge of the assassin’s nose in a wet crunch. 
Just wait until the cavalry arrives, pal. 
“I’ve been meaning to have a little chat with you for a while now,” Malone said wiping Judge’s blood off on a white cloth from Rickie. 
“Oh, yeah?” Judge asked. His left eye puffed up blurring the mobster’s form into a monochrome haze. “You still owe me a hundred bucks for the hood of my car.”
The next blow came out of nowhere and the left corner of his mouth exploded in a spray of crimson. Malone gave his fist a quick shake and pointed to the bay doors across the floor.
“Take him to pier.” Malone buttoned his coat and slid a revolver out of the small of his back. 
Kat better get her soon. Much more stalling and I’ll be a permanent fixture.
Jerome and Rickie removed Judge from the chains and took the assassin by either elbow. 
“Stick a smoke in my eye,” Jerome said, “an’ I’ll pull this arm off you and club you to death with it.” 
“Hey, Jerry?” Rickie asked tugging the rusted bay door open. His companion poked a brow up from the other side of Judge. 
“What?” Jerome said. 
“What size you think his hat is, eh?”
“How the fuck should I know?” The lean city native shoved Judge into the chilly night. 
“Looks like a six or a seven to me,” Rickie said. “I think I’m gonna take it before we chuck him in.”
Judge bit his tongue and stumbled out toward the dark waters of the Blue River. C’mon Kat. Judge looked around for any signs of his reinforcements. No bulges on the buildings or anything that was the ninja’s typical M.O. Just swell. 
“Take it if you want,” Jerome said. “I don’t give a fuh –“
His bald head bobbed forward and collapsed to the planks of the pier. 
“Shit!” Rickie exclaimed. Four of the throwing star’s eight points protruded from the base of Jerome’s skull. 
“It’s about damn time,” Judge said. He yanked his arm free of the short Latino’s grip and took Jerome’s .45. 
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” Rickie asked fumbling for his piece. 
“Showing you how to shoot,” Judge said letting the action slide fly forward with a snap. 
The assassin trained the barrel on Rickie’s forehead and pulled the trigger. His round whistled into a stack of crates behind the man’s limp corpse. Two black darts bulged out of the side of Rickie’s throat. 
“I thought I told you two clowns to…” Malone froze in his wingtips just outside the bay door. “What the fuck?” 
Judge caught the side of the warehouse shifting out of the corner of his eye. Snake Malone never heard the answer to his question. His round melon rolled off of his neck and fell to the concrete with his body not far behind. The final two goons behind Malone both hunched over and cried out in pain. A blood-soaked katana blade protruded from the back of both as they dropped to their knees. 
“Took you long enough.” Judge searched his inner trench coat pocket for his pack. 
Katana’s white shinobi shifted in and out of existence as she strode over from her kills. She slipped either blade back over her shoulders and pulled her mask off.  
“They shot the windshield out of my car,” the curvy assassin said shaking out her red mane. “What’s Ivy’s problem?”
Judge shrugged as he lit a Chesterfield and returned the Zippo to its pocket. “Suits me.”
‘Judge, Kat are you both alright?’
Fine Q.
I’m here, boss, Judge thought. 
‘Excellent.’
We have a real problem with Ivy, Katana thought. 
‘I know. I want you and Judge to work together from here on out and locate her and McGarren. Kat – bring her in for questioning. I don’t know what she’s figured out that we haven’t, but there has to be a good reason for her actions.’
Understood.
‘Judge?’
Yeah? He took another refreshing drag from his synthetic and chucked Jerry’s sidearm into the stacks of crates. 
‘Get to McGarren and bring him back alive.’
Say what?
‘Things aren’t adding up with his case, and I want to question him. Whatever you do don’t let them get out of the country. We have very little international jurisdiction.’
Copy that, boss. Where were they headed?
‘I don’t know. Ivy’s been off of the grid for a while.’
St. Louis? Katana tossed a shrug toward Judge. It’s the nearest big airport. 
‘Makes logical sense. Get there and get to them. Be careful. There will likely be Cerberus agents trailing them, too.’
Good. Judge exhaled a mouthful of mint-coated smoke. I’ve gotta bone to pick with Dominic anyhow. 


Chapter 15


Somewhere in Missouri


Borg pulled his truck into the driveway of an abandoned shack. He had trailed Dominic down from the mountains and into the lowland boondocks of Missouri. His bionic eye scoured over nook and cranny in search of further clues.

HUMAN FOOTPRINT: SIZE TEN. 
INFRARED DECAY: 55%

Dominic had been here recently. The last two hack houses led the machine across Missouri to its current location. They, too, had been left is a state of disarray and gore. Dominic’s victims at first seemed random, but upon further investigation, Borg pieced together that the dead were all a part of the growing underground network of the Minutemen. Borg got out of his truck and walked up the cracked driveway.

147 KINGSTON PLACE: ADDRESS MATCH.
REMAINS DETECTED: SOURCE – HUMAN; BONE – FEMUR, FEMALE; MACHETE INDENTATIONS. 

Borg’s cybernetic components propelled him into the abandoned shack at the end of the cul de sac.  The TV sat in a dark corner of the abode pulsing out a drone of static. Borg strode over the tile floor and into the living room.  His blue beam scanned the terrain of the chamber revealing several more of Dom’s footprints and handprints. The killing machine spun on its massive limbs and stomped off into the kitchen. 

CORPSE: FEMALE.
DECOMPOSTION RATE: 35%
DENTAL IMPRESSIONS: 100% MATCH

What the maniac left of the young woman lied face down in a dried pool of blood in front of the small table. One of its small wooden chairs had been splintered and lay in shambles at Borg’s titanium feet. 
The chair! Borg’s human mind exclaimed. That’s what led to this. The android’s living eye faded back into the memory of the chair’s shattered remains.

“Jagger’s a son of a bitch, Joe.” The words echoed in Borg’s mind. “The big man doesn’t send him in on just anything.” 
Jagger. That name.
He HAD been someone else. He fought for his life in a small hidden room in a large mansion. 
I knew it! 
A towering black man had crushed his ribs with the small wooden chair that he had been tied to. Borg’s human memory blurred. 
“The funny thing about pain,” the black man had said removing the chair’s remaining stumps from the back of his legs, “is that it’s only temporary.” 
Borg lifted his right arm and studied its twinkling components. His elbow twitched as the nightmare flooded back into his conscious. 
He took my right arm and snapped it at the elbow. The cyborg flexed his mechanical forearm. We had him tied and beaten, but why? 
The bald black brute had lifted his human body up like a ragdoll and brought it down over his huge knee. 
“Now disability,” Borg’s attacker had said dropping his stiff body to the cold floor, “that shit’s forever.”
Sledge. That son of a bitch broke my spine! I’ve gotta find him. Borg’s mind drifted in a haze to a lean albino. His white hair protruded from his head in neat spikes. 
Those eyes. 
The albino slid his reflective shades down the bridge of his lean nose revealing the red demonic stare beyond.
“Not you Danny boy.” The albino’s chim-chimney British accent reverberated in Borg’s mind. “I’ve got special plans for you.”
Jagger. The albino had something to do with this. 
Borg’s left eye probed the rest of the small home for any other clues to the rogue Cerberus agent’s whereabouts. Its thin blue beam raced over the contours of the empty dark room. Borg’s bald head stopped in its sweep; his robotic iris narrowed in on a slip of paper under the table.

ST LOUIS AIRPORT PAMPHLET
FINGERPRINTS: 100% TARGET MATCH

No, wait! The cold mechanical processors forced any human elements back into the recesses of its binary prison. Borg strode back out to his truck and programmed a route to Lambert International Airport in St. Louis. 
The human id clawed his way back to the surface of Borg’s programming. Jagger. Get to Jagger. Find the bald assassin, Sledge. I have to know! 
“Sunrise in three hours and seven minutes,” Borg said in a drone. 
Stop, damn you! 
The cyborg slammed the pickup into reverse and peeled out of the driveway. “Get to Lambert International Airport. Apprehend Dominic alive.”
The modified black pickup barreled out of the neighborhood and into the pitch of the early morning. 
Chapter 16


June 2041
Cuidad Juarez, Mexico


Sledge and Paco bobbed down the worn road back to their studio apartment from another long day and night of searching for his daughter.
“I know they’ve got her,” Sledge said slamming a brawny paw into the steering wheel. “Fuckin’ Wendigos.” 
“I know it, too,” the short Latino said. “They’re a mean bunch to mess with, man. We gotta find out where Dahlia is first, and then we can figure out a way to get her back.”
The bald assassin turned his blue truck to the left at the intersection. “If they do anything to her – I mean ANYTHING – I’ll hunt every one of ‘em down and pull their hearts out.”
Sledge ran his left hand over his sleek scalp nervously. “She’s all I have left, Paco. Do you understand?” 
The burden and sleep deprivation caught up to the big man breaking his voice and his sanity. Paco’s older sister, Maria, stood in a heated conversation with two strangers on the front porch when Sledge pulled his pickup into the driveway. 
“Hmm.”
“Friends of your?” Paco asked. 
Sledge nodded and stepped down out of the cabin of his pride and joy. He recognized the black Camaro right away. “Max.” 
The Harley Bad Boy startled the big man after the past few days he’d had to endure, but the lean desperado donning a black duster and leather cowboy hat eased Sledge’s nerves. 
“What in all of Hell are you two doin’ here?” he asked giving the biker a healthy love tap on the back. 
“Sledge,” Rider said poking one of his cigs into the corner of his mouth. “Good to see you again, brother.” 
“Rider,” Sledge said. His tone warmed up at the sight of some of his old comrades. “Max.” 
The sultry assassin tossed him a nod from the other side of Rider. “You weren’t that easy to find,” she said. 
“That was the idea.” Sledge said waving his friend over to join them. “Guys, this is Paco. He’s an old buddy from back in my fighting days.”
Paco grunted once while his keen eyes studied the newcomers. 
“Paco,” Sledge said, “this is Rider and Max. They’re some of my current business associates.”
Max chuckled. “That’s one way to put it.”
“We heard about your family,” Rider said in a solemn tone. “We came to help get ya back across the line.”
“You know I can’t do that now, man.” Sledge leaned against one of the thick posts of the old warehouse’s front porch. “I’m wanted for ,” his eyes shot up to Maria and then to Paco, “a lot of things back home. Besides, I’m not goin’ nowhere without my baby girl.”
Max set her hands on her hips and jutted one out. “Say what?”
Sledge lowered his heavy stare to the grass growing between the boards. “They took Dahlia. Biker gang.”
“Do you know where?” Rider asked taking a drag from his smoke. 
Sledge shook his head. “Just came in from lookin’. Still have got no real leads on where.”
“I know most of the one-percenters that roll down this way,” Rider said. “I’ll go do some investigatin’. You’d better get inside and get some rest. You look like shit – well, shittier than usual.” 
“If you weren’t my mentor –“Sledge said. 
“Yeah, I know,” Rider said. 
Sledge lumbered into the building on shaky legs. 
“Here,” Max said draping one of his bulky arms over her neck. “I’ll help you inside and stand a watch while you sleep.” 
The old smelly mattress never felt more inviting to Sledge. Max helped him ease into bed and secured the door before leaving.  The small room shifted in and out of focus as his heavy eyelids sealed the door to his subconscious. 

His home back in Reno burned. Images of his wife’s molten face rose up in Sledge’s nightmare as he strode to the front door. The charred figure of a man paced back and forth inside the bay window to his living room. 
“You didn’t have to fuckin’ burn me alive, did ya tough guy?” the man asked. “I was just doing what I was told.” 
Sledge knew the specter. How could he forget the man responsible for the murder of his wife and eldest child? He wanted to speak and defend himself, but his subconscious wouldn’t allow it. 
“All of you assholes in that group are nothing but murderers!”
The ghost turned his bloody head toward the front door and strode behind the wall. “You just couldn’t let it go, eh tough guy?”
The red door bulged in its center from the growing heat and then deflated. Sledge side-stepped to the edge of the porch closest to the bay window and tried to peer in through the flames. A blast of heat and shattered glass blew past his face. 
“One good turn deserves another,” the spirit said from inside the inferno. It laughed as the front door expanded under the mounting pressure. “She told me all about you.”
Sledge walked back to his front door – his keen gaze studied it for hidden wires and bomb fuses. The assassin stretched his hand out along the concave plane of the designer door. 
“Where you work,” the ghost said, “where you live, what you eat, the type of cigars you smoke – all of it, man.”
The mound on the red door’s surface groaned under the strain and burst like a wooden tumor knocking Sledge to the porch. Tongues of orange flame rolled around the top remnants of the doorframe causing the overhead porch light to pop.  
“You aren’t gettin’ away that easily.” The voice of the spirit didn’t change, but a lean clean-shaven leg broke through the thick black smoke. 
Sledge stood to his feet as the female emerged from behind the doorway. The athletic young woman wore a tight sheer miniskirt. Her soft Asian features stunned the assassin to the bone. 
“Tell the boys I said, ‘hi’.” Had this ghost possessed her? Ivy stood before him looking as vibrant as ever, but that maniacal pyro controlled her words. 

Sledge threw his lone blanket from his body and shot up in a cold sweat. His lungs worked overtime expelling the stagnant air in short bursts. 
“Holy shit.” He looked around the room. All sat as it did when he lied down. 
Sledge peered down at his wrist watch: 4:15PM. 
“Dahlia.” 
He sprung from his mattress and stormed out the bedroom door and into the inviting aroma of Maria’s cooking. 
“Hola, Bobby,” she said stirring some simmering ground beef over the stove. 
“Hey, Maria.”
“Feel better?” Max asked turning her attention from the lack of action outside. 
Sledge grunted in affirmation and strode over to join his foreman at the large windows. 
“Any word from Rider?” 
Max shook her head not taking her eyes from the desolate streets and alleys. 
“I’m gonna head back out after dinner.” He stopped mid-thought. “Something eatin’ you?” 
“Hmm?” Max said looking into his eyes. “Oh, it’s just Q,” she whispered. 
“Anything good?” Sledge took up a seat on the sofa. “I’ve been out of the loop ever since the accident.”
Max shrugged her shoulders and walked over to join him. “Nothing earth-shattering. Worried about you, Judge’s boy is still loose, and no comms with Ivy either.”
“Ivy’s out?”
Max nodded.  Sledge noted her concerned look. He knew she hid her secrets, and they likely had to do with his disappearance from the Cell. 
Ivy’s off the grid and popping up in my dreams, he thought. Why us? Or are we just the beginning of this Architect’s master plan? 
Max nodded and turned her full attention back on Sledge.  “Boss says Judge and Kat got jumped by Ivy up in Missouri.”
“She’s helpin’ a target?”
The vivacious woman moved to the edge of the cushions. “Yup. It didn’t make much sense to me either.”
“Doesn’t she like to get close to her targets first – gain their trust?”
Max’s bright blue eyes met his. “Yeah, but this is strange even for Ivy.”
“Maybe she found something in McGarren that exonerates him of his crime.” 
“Could be,” she mused. “That’s the only thing that I’ve been able to come up with.”
“Q still wants the hit?” 
“Yeah,” she said getting up from the couch. “We’re supposed to get back across the border and help round him up. Q thinks they’re attempting to skip country.”
“Damn.” The door to the apartment swung open from the swift kick of a boot. 
“I found her,” Rider said gnawing on a rolled cig. 
That’s all Sledge needed to hear. He grabbed his guns and gear and bounded out the door with Max in tow. 

Sledge trailed Rider across town and out beyond the city limits to a hole-in-the-wall bar. Rider got off of his bike and came to meet Sledge as he climbed down out of his truck. 
“Listen,” Rider said, “they’ve got her in a small bedroom in the cellar of the bar.”
Sledge strapped his two Uzis across his massive chest. “Which end?”
“Back right corner,” Rider said. “We’ve got do this the smart way.”
“Right,” Max said shoving a fresh clip into her .45. “We can’t go in there guns a-blazin’.”
Sledge sighed in defeat. “Fine,” he said. “How do you propose we go about this?”
“We can’t go through the front door,” Rider said. “We’d stick out.” 
Max leaned against the front panel of Sledge’s ride. “Any entry through the back?”
“Couple of small windows,” Rider said heaving out a mouthful of smoke. “Might be able to get through one of them.”
Max nodded. “Sounds good enough.”
Rider led the group around the far side of the bar and into its shadows. Sledge crept over the puddles and around the empty fuel barrels as quietly as his 260-pound frame would allow. The inebriated mutterings of the Wendigo members trickled out of the narrow windows over his head. The assassin wanted nothing more than to reach through the opening and strangle one of them. 
This sneakin’ around business is bullshit, Sledge thought. 
Rider stopped at the back of the club and knelt down close to its foundation. “This looks to lead into a storage room.”
The desperado pulled the window open and moved to one side. “I’ll stay topside. They’re less likely to become suspicious of me than you two.” 
Sledge slid his legs into the window and turned over onto his stomach. “Thanks, brother. I owe you big time.” 
“You’d do it for me.”
Sledge eased down into the cellar’s cool embrace. The big man turned in the dark and ran into a stack of cardboard boxes. 
“Keep it down,” Max hissed sliding in the window behind him. 
“It’s pitch black in here,” he said. “We’ll have to take it real slow.”
Sledge eased around leaning towers of boxes with outstretched hands. A thin line of fluorescent light guided him to the room’s exit. He placed his right hand on the doorknob and leaned close to the door. A leaky pipe dripped onto the concrete somewhere nearby, but all else stood quiet.  Sledge opened the aged metal door and crept out into the dimly lit corridor in the bar’s underbelly. 
A long fluorescent light flickered overhead; its sixty-cycle drone echoed down the hollow hallway. Sledge motioned for Max to move in closer.
“I’ll start on the far end,” he whispered. “You start here and see if Dahlia’s in this room.” 
His curly-haired companion nodded and tapped on the door while Sledge snuck down to the dark end of the corridor. 
Sledge snuck up to the first door on his end. The dull crack of someone breaking the rack of billiard balls caused him to stall his forward progress momentarily. 
“Good one, Paul,” he heard a biker shout. 
Sledge stuck his right fist up to the door and gave it a light rap with his knuckles. “Dahlia? You in there?” 
Nothing. 
He snuck down to the next room and repeated the process. 
“Dahlia? You –“
“Daddy?” Her raspy voice quivered from two doors farther down the hall. 
“Yeah, it’s me baby.” He trotted down to the room. The only barrier stalling his reunion was the dry-rotted door. “Shh. Just sit tight. We’re gonna get you out.” 
Max jogged down to join him. 
“Door’s locked,” Sledge said jiggling the knob. 
“I’ll go keep lookout at the base of the stairs,” she said continuing on past him. 
No keyhole existed on the knob’s round brass surface. 
Kickin’ it in will make way too much noise. 
He flipped the safety switch on his pistol back on and gripped its cold barrel. The worn doorknob popped free of its long screws in one blow. 
Thank God for shitty construction.
Sledge rammed his muscular shoulder into splintered entry forcing it open. 
“Daddy!” his daughter exclaimed jumping up into his chest. 
“Stay quiet and keep your head down, honey.” She buried her small head into one of his armpits. “Max,” he whispered down the corridor, “let’s move.”
Sledge backtracked into the storage room with Max tailing him. 
“Okay, baby,” he said nuzzling up to his daughter. “I’m gonna help you through that window to a good friend of mine waiting outside. He’s –“
“Hold up,” Max said setting a hand on his forearm. 
“What’s goin’ on back here?” a deep authoritative voice asked on the other side of the window. 
“Just makin’ smoke,” Sledge heard Rider reply.  “Is that gonna be a problem, sport?”
The Wendigo huffed. “Naw. No problem so long as you don’t go a-snoopin’ where ya ain’t supposed to.” 
“All I want is some peace and quiet and a little nip of tobacco.”
The Wendigo spit a stream of tobacco spit out into the weeds. “Ahh-ight, then,” he said and waddled back around into the one-room shitter. 
Sledge poked the barrel of his pistol up and tapped the glass.  Rider drew the glass up and took Dahlia by her small hands. Once he and Max had slithered back out, Sledge inspected his daughter from stem to stern. 
“Are you alright? Did they do anything to you?”
“No, daddy. I’m fine.” She looked up to Max. “Can we get something to eat? I’m hungry.”
“Of course, baby,” Max said tossing a motherly smile to Sledge. 
Sledge swept his remaining flesh and blood up in his arms and jogged back around in the direction of his truck. He stopped at the front corner of the bar halting the others with a meaty palm. 
“Ok,” he whispered, “coast is clear.”
He hustled out to the passenger side of his pickup and strapped Dahlia in to the bench seat. “Just sit tight. This’ll all be over soon.”
Sledge ran around to his side of the truck and got knocked on his ass. 
“Whuh?” 
“I’m sorry,” Max said straddling his right leg. 
The chubby biker rounded the far corner and spat another streamer of black into the dust next to the long row of bikes. “What the hell?”
Max trained the red beam of her pistol on the flabby chest of the Wendigo.
“This doesn’t concern you.”
The red laser spun back down – trained on Sledge’s center mass. 
“What the hell are you doin’, Max?”
“You have been found guilty on two counts of murder.” Her tone went cold. “The Cloud Court has sentenced you to death by assassination.”
“Fuckin’ Christ!” the Wendigo exclaimed. 
“Don’t do this Max,” Sledge said. “You know I didn’t do it.”
Sledge could only watch as his long-time friend closed her eyes and squeezed the trigger. 
Chapter 17


June 2041
Near St. Louis, MO


The white stripes of I-70 rolled under the Ferrari as Pat and Ivy sped through the town of Wentzville. 
“Remember,” she said tapping his thigh, “you’re Walter Wingfield as far as everyone else is concerned.” 
Pat nodded studying his new identification papers. “Yup. Kodak, Tennessee, father of two, small farm and a loving wife. Got it.”
“Headache worn off yet?”
“Yeah,” he said taking survey of the rolling countryside. “Suppose so.” 
An uncomfortable silence stilled the cabin of the speed machine. 
“Listen,” Pat said, “I know our moment has made this a little awkward.”
Ivy shrugged her narrow shoulders. “It’s not that strange. I know not being able to call your wife and family is killing you. We can put it behind us.”
“It’s not that I don’t –“ Pat stumbled over his thoughts. “I just…”
She rubbed his leg in slow consoling strokes. “I understand. It would be a distraction right now anyway.” 
McGarren watched the bushy trees whip by out his window as they made their way down Lambert International Drive. “We should focus on getting safely out of the States.”
Ivy guided her sports car down into the short term parking lot and looked for a spot.  Her brown eyes darted around the rows of vehicles. 
“Trouble?” Pat asked. He scanned the lot for any signs of the blue Hornet. 
She pulled the Ferrari in to a spot on the far end of a row. “They’re here.” 
“The same two from Kansas City?”
Ivy nodded and popped her door open. “Looks that way.” 
Pat got out and trailed behind his protector en route to the main terminal.  Nothing out of the ordinary so far. 
“Oh, damn,” Ivy said stopped abruptly. 
Footsteps broke the crickets’ early morning trills. 
“We’ve got to take you in,” the Bogart wannabe said strolling around the corner of an oversized truck. “Boss’s orders.” 
Pat felt Ivy grab his wrist and tug him back in the direction of her sports car. 
“Whatever happens to me,” she said speeding up her pace, “just keep going and get out of the country.”
“Damn it, Ivy,” the NetRo assassin said giving chase. 
“It’s not what you think, Judge,” she shouted. “There’s more to it.”
“That’s what we want to get down to, kiddo.”
The bed of a nearby truck sank on its shocks and bounded up under an unseen force. An invisible mass cut through the air in front of Ivy. McGarren watched as her head snapped to one side with a loud slap. 
“Get moving!” Ivy exclaimed recovering from the blow. 
The thin clank of small chains cut the air as two pairs of nun chucks whirred around the phasing torso of a white ninja. He watched as Ivy’s eyes followed every move of her opponent’s weapons. One wooden handle whirred inches from Ivy’s face as she leaned dodged the attack. 
“You guys don’t know the full story,” she said ducking under a swipe from both sets of chucks. 
You know these guys? Pat’s spirit sank to the soles of his feet.
Ivy thrust her open palm up into the solar plexus of the white ninja forcing her attacker to back-pedal.  She used the opportunity to launch a roundhouse kick aimed at the ninja’s head. Her opponent dropped to the pavement and spun around sweeping Ivy’s legs out from under her.  Pat wanted to run as far away as his legs would take him, but the Bogart assassin impeded his progress with an arm around his throat. 
“Don’t make this any tougher than it has to be, pal.” 
Judge dragged him backward across the cracked pavement. The pressure constricted his windpipe forcing McGarren to gag and gasp for air. 
“I’d rather not have to do this the hard w –“Judge’s arm loosened around his neck. 
“Get to zee car!” a male voice demanded in a thick French accent. 
Pat stood dumbfounded when he turned toward the stranger. “You – from the house in Wyoming!” 
“Get zee ‘ell out of here,” the man in the brown leather jacket said. 
Pat’s assailant staggered to his feet rubbing the back of his neck. “Dominic. You slippery little bastard. We’ve got a score to settle.” 
The cannibal Canadian threw out another right cross, but Judge blocked the blow with his forearm. “Indeed, we do government scum.” 
Judge landed an uppercut to Dom’s jaw which sent the lean Canadian staggered backward into the bumper of a compact car. 
Judge pulled his .38 revolver from its holster. “There’s still a contract out on you, slick. “
Dominic cleared the threat with a swift kick to the wrist and charged in on Judge. The momentum picked Judge into the air and sent both men rolling on the ground.  
McGarren darted past Ivy who lied on her backside from another attack that must have failed. He grabbed her elbow and towed her along toward the Ferrari. Pat skidded to a stop as a pickup on oversized tires screeched to a halt a few feet in front of them. 
“Watch where you’re going, asshole,” McGarren said rounding the front of the vehicle. 
The truck’s bald driver threw the driver’s side door open and hopped out. 
“Easy,” Pat said. “I didn’t mean it like that.”
A thin beam of blue light fanned out from his left bionic eye. The light scanned Pat and Ivy from top to bottom. 
“What is that?” 
“No clue,” Ivy said. 
“Not target,” the cyborg said in a drone. “Please stand to one side.”
“You got it, big fella,” Pat said backing out of the path of the metal Frankenstein.  
The towering mass of metal and muscle stormed forward crunching the asphalt under his hydraulic legs. The ninja dissolved into thin air before the cyborg could hone its blue beam on her. 
“We’re outa here,” Ivy said running up to the driver’s side door. 
Pat couldn’t pry his eyes off of the monstrosity that stood before him. 
How did they even manage to pull something like that off? he thought. 
“Target acquired,” the cyborg said stopping in front of Judge and Dominic.  “Dominic LeFontaine, you are coming with me.” 
Both combatants stopped cold and turned toward the digitized voice. 
“An’ just ‘oo thee hell are you?” Dom asked. 
“Hey!” Ivy said breaking Pat from his daydream.  “Let’s get moving.”
McGarren ran to the car and hopped into the cockpit alongside her slamming his door shut. 
“Hang on,” she said dropping the shifter of the car’s semi-auto trannie into reverse. 
Something hit the rear quarter panel with a low thud. A silver throwing star gleamed under the lamplight in the side mirror next to Pat’s head. Ivy threw the gear paddle into first and stomped the accelerator to the floor as another throwing star shattered a taillight. 
Chapter 18


“An’ just ‘oo thee hell are you?” Dominic asked turning toward the metal monstrosity. 
Borg’s beam scanned his target in its sweep. “Dominic LeFontaine, you are coming with me.” 
“Says who?” Dom landed a punch to the cyborg’s chin, but it didn’t phase the bald android. 
Borg picked his target up by the shoulders and tossed him like a ragdoll into the rear window of a nearby sedan. “Bring back alive.” 
Dom. Dominic, Borg’s human id thought. I know you – and that dumb accent. 
“Holy sheet,” the Canadian grunted pulling himself from the chirping vehicle. “That’s gonna cost you.” 
Dom whipped out a Sig Sauer pistol and pinched two rounds into Borg’s meaty pec.  

WARNING WARNING: DAMAGE TO SYSTEMS DETECTED. RE-DIRECTING RESOURCES.

Borg took the barrel of the gun in his titanium fist and crushed it into a small wad of scrap. He grabbed a handful of Dom’s brown leather jacket and hoisted him in the air. Dom jabbed his mangled pistol into Borg’s bionic eye with a crunch. Small bolts of electricity arched out of his broken socket. 

VISUAL CAPABILITIES: DEGENERATED 40%. 

 Borg carried the writhing man over to his truck and slammed his body down onto the hood. “Resistance is futile. You are coming with me.” 
Dominic shoved his open hand into the broken robotic eye getting a jolt in the process. 
Dominic, of course! You’re another one of Jagger’s cronies. Looks like I’ll be getting to him one way or another. 
Borg turned his head in the direction of the growing sirens in the far lots.  “Local authorities are approaching.”
“Now that’s fucking genius,” Dom said. “Let me go.”
“Sunrise in less than one hour,” Borg said. He picked Dom back up off of the hood of his truck and brought a metallic fist down on his temple. 
His target fell limp and unconscious to the truck’s hood. Borg heaved Dom up in his powerful hand, opened the passenger door and stuffed him into the bench seat. 
“Target contained. Proceed to Pittsburgh.” 
Static Interference
(An excerpt from the Conspiracy Theory radio program)


Welcome back to the program, folks. Zack here, as always. If you’re just joining us on this edition of the program, boy are you in for a doozie!  We had a listener in St. Louis, MO just yesterday – wasn’t it, Phil? – who pulled some footage from parking lot surveillance cameras. I haven’t seen anything quite like this in all my time of producing this show ladies and gentlemen. If you look clearly at the footage that we have linked on our site you can clearly see visual proof  of what everyone has been excusing as a figment of our public imagination: a cybernetic organism, or cyborg. 
They’re not even human, folks! These government assassins are more machine that man. I say that if we come across one of these killers we should just remove them from service. What’s the worst that they could slap on you? Destruction of government property? Obstruction of justice? C’mon, people.  I had an encounter with one of these assassins a while back. He looked human enough, but I saw through his game. He had no sign of any emotive response. This thug was all business and didn’t seem to have the ability to compute empathy. They have pulled the wool over our eyes. If we allow this top-heavy system of justice to endure we’re all as good as dead. 
Benjamin Franklin once said, “A dying man can do nothing easy.” I call on you to fight back. I urge all of you listening to help the innocent in whatever ways you can. When we come back – Cerberus, good or bad? We’ll hear from a person who puts an interesting twist on the vigilante group of protectors. More after the break. 
Chapter 19


June 2041
Pittsburgh, PA


Cooper ran a bent set of fingers through his flawless white hair. The Hunter Cell agents were catching onto his implant within their organization. 
“Fuck!” The middle-aged founder of Cooper Enterprises hurled a round paperweight across the plush office putting a dent in his otherwise perfect wall.  Anger management never suited his style. 
Cooper’s eyes narrowed over the article headline on his computer screen:

Repress Billionaire Nathan Blane shrouded in scandal.

They’ll come looking for you, Cooper thought. I’ve set you up and now it’s time for the plunge. 
A light rapping on his door jarred the business mogul from his plans. “Enter.”
The cool albino Cerberus agent swaggered in with his blonde bimbo Tink, in tow. 
“Jagger,” Cooper said threading his fingers on propped elbows. “Pull up a seat.”
“Don’t mind if I do,” Jagger said. His working-class English accent really annoyed Cooper. 
“What’s the news on Dom?”
“Borg has him in custody and is en route here.” Jagger patted his thigh beckoning Tink to curl into his lap. “They should be here sometime tomorrow.”
“Very well,” Cooper said rolling back in his chair. “Your girl there did a nice job with our Cloud Court judge.  Her persuasions have given him the motivation he needed to find our scapegoat.” 
Cooper turned his monitor around on its swivel. Jagger leaned in to study the small photo accompanying the article. 
“Nathan Blane, eh? Wasn’t he that pretentious bloke I met at your high rise party?” 
Cooper nodded returning the monitor to its original position. “You did. “ He spun in his chair and gazed out the oversized window down on the city far below. 
“Blane will be the Architect that Hunter Cell seeks. I’ve put him in hot water already, so the rest should be simple.”
Cooper swung back around to face Jagger who had Tink hanging off of his right ear like a sequined leech. “Tell your walking Petri dish to save it.” 
The bimbo tossed Jagger a pout as he slapped her ass. Tink obeyed and sauntered out of the office. 
“They’re getting too close to my source inside, Jagger.”
“What do you want us to do about it?” The albino revealed the overbite in his inbred smile. 
“My informant has confirmed that their leader will be at the Greenbrier Resort in West Virginia for the next few days.”
The British assassin smirked at the impending request. 
“I need you to go there and get inside their bunker personally. I want them pulled into the open, Jagger. Nothing more.”
“How do you propose I get down inside their stronghold?” Jagger asked. “It’s got to be next to impossible to break into.”
Cooper pointed an index finger toward the vaulted ceiling. “True. That’s why I’ve given you a cover and chauffer for the event.” He slid a packet of papers across his desk. “You’re going to a small business conference being held there in the Colonial Hall and Lounge. Great place. I’ve been there several times.”
Jagger opened the large envelope and thumbed through the papers. “That will get me into the resort. What about the bunker?”
Cooper’s impatience escaped his mouth in a long blast of breath. “Once you get settled in at the Greenbrier, another handler will get you the badges and codes that you will need.” 
“Fine,” Jagger said. “What do I do with him once I have him?” 
“Expose Hunter Cell.” Cooper rose from his throne and rounded the large executive desk. “Make this leader of theirs spill their guts about the whole program. I don’t care how you have to get them to do it.” 
Jagger stood and brushed off his crimson duster. “Right-o. I could use a bit of pampering anyway.”
The Brit flipped up the collar on his duster and shut the door behind him.
There will be no way in hell you could ever get inside that bunker. Cooper swiveled back around in his chair and smiled at his reflection in the glass. Go behind my back, will you? 
Chapter 20


June 2041
 Pittsburgh, PA


Borg pulled his truck onto the 579 parkway en route to Cooper Enterprises. His target recently rejoined the land of the conscious and stared off into the growing stream of traffic. 
“What does ‘ee want with me?” Dominic asked. 
The cyborg ignored the inquisition and guided his pickup onto Liberty Ave paralleling the Allegheny River. 
“I know who you are, you understand,” Dom said admiring the skyscrapers. “Underneath all of those computer parts you’re still just a two-bit punk from Uniontown.”
He knows who I am. Borg’s human side fought for its right to exist. His human hand wrung the steering wheel until his knuckles turned white. 
“W-Who am I?” Borg said. His binary voice softened with the hope of getting some answers. 
Dominic looked him in his human eye and chuckled. “You mean, you can’t remember? What the hell did he do to you?” 
Borg’s eye moistened in the passing lamplight morphing Dom’s sarcasm into pity. 
“You really have no idea, do you?” 
“Please,” Borg asked, “who do you think I am?” 
“Let’s see if any of this rings a bell for you,” Dom said leaning back into the soft leather seat. “Do you remember Joey Rapone?”
Borg’s face remained stoic. 
“Guess not. You used to work for him alongside a meathead named Mike.” Dom laughed and stared off into the dark sky. “You three had to be the worst outfit that he had working for him. I tried to tell you the first time I got called in to straighten you three out that you should go off and run your own outfit.”
 “A woman’s voice – the music,” Borg said fighting to cling to his human memory. 
“Anna, I would say,” the Canadian said. “When you were Danny you had a big thing for her. She couldn’t do much, though – property of Robert, you see?” 
“Anna.” His human heart beat fiercely at the mention of her name.  “Danny? That’s who I am?”
“I don’t know about that,” Dom said. “It’s who you once were.” 
Danny. The letter D! That has to be it. 
“Nearing destination.” Borg’s processors battle to regain control of him. 
What have they done to me? What have I become? Wait.
“Mr. Cooper,” Borg said flatly. “Mr. Cooper will see you now.”
Borg turned into a three-level parking garage along the riverbank and pulled into the first available spot reserved for Cooper Enterprises. 
“I could have jumped out of the door along the freeway a long time ago,” Dom said opening his door and hopping out. 
“You will proceed with me to Mr. Cooper’s office.” 
Dom shoved his hands in to his jacket pockets and shrugged. “Why not? I’d love to tell the big man what’s really been going on under his nose.”
Borg led them into the round foyer of the building that stretched up over thirty stories into the early morning air. 
The lanky security guard tossed his feet off of the edge of the front desk when they strode through the lobby. 
“Welcome to Coo – hoo, shit!” the guard exclaimed at the sight of the bionic nightmare. 
“Mr. Cooper is expecting us,” Borg said not missing a beat as stormed past the desk. 
“I – I don’t think he’s in at this hour, but –“
Borg glared down on the shuttering guard as he turned in the elevator. His bionic eye twitched and sparked as its gold doors slid closed. 
“What floor?” the hologram assistant asked. 
“Mr. Cooper’s office,” Borg said studying his own reflection in the polished doors. 
“Very well,” the young male assistant said. “Thirty- fourth floor. Cooper Enterprises.” 
The elevator lifted them in the clear glass tube over the open atrium foyer of the construction mogul’s headquarters. 
“Impressive,” Dominic said admiring the exotic flora far below. 
The AI assistant turned to face his company. “Mr. Cooper has collected many of these species of plants from his various projects in countries throughout his extended enterprises.” 
“A collector of all things, eh?” Dom asked as the elevator car came to a halt. 
“Here we are gentlemen,” the assistant said. “Cooper Enterprises. Enjoy your visit.”
Borg strode in the front doors to Robert Cooper’s reception area and hung a right at the crescent-shaped desk.  A head of white hair popped out of the open door on the left side of the hallway.  

SUBJECT: ROBERT COOPER. DESTINATION REACHED.

“Good,” Cooper said propping his door open, “you made it. Get your asses in here.”
Cooper stormed around to the far side of his desk in a blue warm-up suit. “I’ve been up most of the night, so you’d better have a damned good explanation for your actions, Dominic.” 
Cooper motioned for Dom to take a seat with his open hand. 
“Nice place you have here,” Dominic said looking over the paintings on the walls. 
“Cut the bullshit. You’re going AWOL out there. Why?”
The Canadian picked a cigar out of the humidor and held it up to his nose. “A Cuban. Very nice.” He set it back in the small box with the others. “How well would you say you know Jagger?”
Cooper peered down at the clock on his monitor. “Look, it’s three in the morning. Get to the point.”
“My point is this: I haven’t been going AWOL, as you put it. I was sent out west to intercept the Cell agents and intervene.”
“For what purpose?” Cooper’s blood began to boil. 
“To keep Patrick McGarren alive, of course.”
Cooper paced back and forth in front of his huge windows rubbing his chin in disgust. 
“That son of a bitch!” Cooper raked the surface of his desk clean with his arms. “I knew it.”
He stood up regaining his composure and glared out his windows. “It’s too late to recall Jagger now.” His eyes fell to the shimmering waters of the river. “Borg, take him to my ranch for reconditioning. We’ll continue your debrief there.” He turned his cold gaze down on Dominic. “One turncoat deserves another.” 
Chapter 21


June 2041
Pittsburgh International Airport


“We’ve gotta get into the terminal before they –“ Ivy said.
A familiar dark blue Hornet screeched into a parking spot in the same row. 
“Too late,” Pat said slamming the door to the Ferrari closed. “How could they have managed to find us after Kentucky?”
Ivy ran around the back of the car and led them away from Judge’s Hornet. “They’re the best. It’s what they do.” 
“Ivy – McGarren!” he heard Judge shout. The assassin ran on their heels as he and Ivy pushed for the safety of the airport’s interior. 
The duo raced through the short-term parking lot’s wide halos of light. The main entrance to the terminal emerged a short distance away as Pat and Ivy rounded the corner. His forward progress came to a skidding halt as did his body across the grass in the median. Nun chucks whipped around the torso of the invisible assassin. Ivy threw herself at the spinning chucks toppling his assailant over. 
“Come on,” he said pulling Ivy from the ground. 
Pat heard the ninja’s unseen footsteps advancing on him as they ran for the sliding walls of glass into the airport terminals. He and Ivy slid through the widening doors and into a bustling crowd. 
“Whoa. Hey!” a man exclaimed behind him. 
The businessman’s plump figure skidded three feet across the floor in front of Pat. A hand took him by the collar of his shirt and drug Pat to the worn carpet. 
“Let me go!” 
Ivy jogged after her flailing cohort taking him by one of the cuffs in his slacks. Pat swung off of the ground and levitated for the unsuspecting travelers. 
“Sweet Jesus!” a young woman cried. “What’s wrong with him?”
Ivy swung her right foot around and Pat felt the clamp on his shirt release. 
“McGarren!” Judge said racing through the main entrance in hot pursuit. 
Pat hopped to his feet and ran after Ivy toward the ticket counter.
“I hope they haven’t cancelled our reservations, dear,” Ivy said putting on her best spousal performance. 
“How may I help you?” the young blonde attendant said from behind her counter. 
“We have reservations for a flight to London,” Ivy said. She turned to Pat and grabbed his hand. “Right, dear?” 
McGarren nodded and took out his wallet. “What do you need from me?” 
The vibrant attendant smiled and extended a slender handful of perfectly manicured nails toward him. “Just your driver’s license, Mr.?”
“Wingfield,” Pat said searching for his alias. “Walter Wingfield.” 
“Well,” she said scanning the databases on her computer screen. “It does appear that we have you and your wife booked for a one-way trip to London departing from Terminal D at Gate 13.”
“Ah, very good,” Pat said stuffing his license back into his worn leather wallet. He scanned the area over his shoulder. Judge took up a seat in a nearby bar. The ninja could be anywhere for all he knew. 
“Sir?” the attendant repeated. 
“Oh, sorry,” Pat said fixing his eyes into hers. 
“Will you be checking any large luggage for your flight?”
“No. Not this time.”
The attendant gave them both a concerned look. 
“We’re having our bags delivered to our relatives in London,” Ivy said snatching up the tickets. 
“Of course, Mrs. Wingfield,” she said cocking her freckled face to one side. “Enjoy your flight.”
Pat and Ivy made their way down the long corridor and followed the glowing signs to their gate. 
“He’s sitting at the Cirrus Lounge,” Ivy said keeping her eyes straight ahead of her. “We’ll probably run into Katana soon enough.”
The unseen assassin clasped herself around Ivy’s throat and dragged her against the nearby wall. Pat trotted toward her, but she waved him off.
“Stay back.” 
Ivy threw an elbow back into Katana’s masked face. Pat’s nimble companion heaved her attacker over her shoulder slamming the ninja onto the floor of Terminal B. Ivy landed a swift kick to Kat’s head and ran back over to join him. 
“Come on,” she said running around the corner toward Terminal C. “They will stop at nothing to keep us in country.”
McGarren caught a black fedora weaving in and out of the passing pedestrian traffic back in the near turn. “The Spade is trailing us again.”
“We’re close,” Ivy said forging a path through the meandering cloud of deboarding parties. 
“May I have your attention, please,” the female voice said over the intercom. “American Flight 264 for London is now boarding for VIPs and Gold Club members in Terminal D at Gate 13.”
“That’s us,” he said following Ivy under the neon sign for Terminal D. 
The gates flew past him (9, 10, 11) as he struggled for each breath. 
“Thirteen!” Pat huffed. His heart thumped against his rib cage like a rowdy inmate.  
Ivy looked at him with concern in her brown eyes. “You okay?”
He set his hands on his knees and bobbed his head. 
“Let’s get on that plane.”
A mild panic erupted from the ticket counter to Pat’s right as he handed his own to the waiting attendant. 
“Wait your turn, jackass!” a disgruntled old lady exclaimed.
“Pack it granny,” Judge said slapping a credit card down on the counter. “The French will still have hairy pits when you get there.” 
McGarren ran down the connector tunnel to the plane with Ivy right behind him. A small line snaked its way onboard the 828 Box Wing jumbo jet. These beauties stormed onto the commercial aviation scene back in 2040 sporting lower fuel, more seating and cheaper air fare. Their innovative box wing design allowed the craft to fly at altitudes of 50,000 feet thus cutting flight times down considerably. Pat peered out the small window and admired the aircraft while he waited in line. Its massive wings swept back and connected to an elongated set of tail wings to form a large diamond over the body of the plane. 
“Sir?” the short black-haired attendant asked. “Your boarding pass?”
Pat handed her his clear slip of plastic and she slid it in into a slot to her left. 

25 F

“Your seat will near the back of the plane in the aisle, Mr. Wingfield.”
“Thank you,” Pat said following the dumpy gent in front of him back under the plane’s main hatch.
A young redheaded stewardess stuffed a white garment into her duffle bag as Pat edged near the cockpit door. 
“Welcome aboard, sir,” she said wiping away a small trickle of blood from the corner of her thin smile. “Enjoy your flight.”
Pat made his way back to his seat and let Ivy slide in to the seat next to his. 
“The stewardess?” he whispered in Ivy’s ear. 
She buckled in with a nod and poked her head into a worn copy of a travel magazine. 
A  knee jarred McGarren as its owner wove past him. “Pardon me, pal.”
Judge slid into a window seat two rows back over Pat’s left shoulder. He tossed a quick glance back in the assassin’s direction. Judge pulled a small pack of cigarettes out of his coat pocket and set one in the corner of his mouth. 
“I’m sorry, sir,” another stewardess said. “There’s no smoking allowed during the flight.
“Not even for a synthetic?” 
She shook her bobbed hairdo. “Sorry, sir.” 
“Just my luck,” Judge said stuffing the pack back from whence it came. 
Ivy’s brown eyes looked into his for a fleeting second and then quickly turned to the window of the plane. 
How in the world am I going to get out of this one, Pat thought studying his fidgety sidekick. 
Chapter 22


June 2041
Greenbrier Resort, WV 


Jagger’s lower jaw hung agape in amazement at the sheer splendor and size of the five-star establishment. A white-gloved valet opened his door as his limo pulled up to the front stairs of the main lobby.
“Welcome to the Greenbrier, sir.” The afternoon sun made the valet’s blond hair turn white. 
“Magnificent place, isn’t it?” Jagger asked buttoning his charcoal suit coat. 
“Yes, sir,” the young valet said. “One of the best in America.”
The valet motioned for the bellhop to grab Jagger’s luggage from the trunk. “We’ll see that your luggage makes it to your quarters, sir.”
“Very well.”
“Well you be needing anything else taken to your room, sir?” 
Jagger shook his head and climbed the elegant stairs that led into the main reception area. Elegant emerald carpet stretched out wall to wall in every direction. A pair of older men in matching red resort vests perked up as he approached the main counter. 
“Welcome to the Greenbrier, sir,” the younger of the two said. 
Jagger leaned down toward the thin rectangle of gold on his right breast pocket. 
“Thank you – Walter.”
“May I have your photo ID, please?” Walter asked extending his hand. 
Jagger fished the fake license out of his wallet and handed it over for inspection. 
“Let’s see,” Walter said manipulating his reservation database. “Yes, Mr. Davis. We have you booked for two days and nights in one of our Windsor Club rooms in the Virginia Wing.” He handed the ID back to Jagger. “You will have access to a private concierge staff for the duration of your stay, sir.”
“Outstanding,” Jagger said collecting his room keys. “Which way?”
“One moment, sir.” Walter disappeared behind a doorway and returned with a youthful bellhop. “Kevin will show you to your quarters.” 
“Right this way, Mr. Davis,” the well groomed teenager said. 
Jagger followed the bellhop down several long hallways and finally came to rest in front of a bank of elevators.  Kevin hit the button for the third floor while Jagger filed in beside him. Once they made it to their floor, he followed Kevin down a stately hall adorned with portraits of various American and European dignitaries engaged in different outdoor activities.
“Here we are, Mr. Davis,” Kevin said opening the door. 
Jagger slipped him a twenty and walked into his plush accommodations. The main living area had a small fireplace, a large glass coffee table and several matching leather chairs. The Brit strode over to the oversized bay window overlooking the golf course. 
“Room with a view.”
“Good afternoon, Mr. Davis,” a youthful feminine voice said. “I am Lexi your room assistant.” 
Jagger turned back around and walked into the bar area. “Hello.” 
“May I order you a drink, or perhaps a snack?”
“Not necessary, Lexi.”
The brunette hologram walked over to the front of the bar and continued. “Would you like to place your order for dinner service?”
Jagger took a tumbler from the crystal tray and poured it half-full with Bourbon.  “Sure. That sounds fine.”
Lexi rattled off the dinner menu while he lost himself in a long draw of whiskey.
“What would you prefer, Mr. Davis?”
Jagger took his coat off and slung it over one of the bar chairs. “I’ll take duck a l ‘orange with greens.”
“Your conference is set to begin in thirty minutes,” Lexi said. “Shall I give you directions to Colonial Hall, or would you prefer a resort associate show you to your meeting?”
“Directions,” Jagger said pouring another shot of whiskey.
A screen fizzled into existence over Lexi’s shoulder. “Follow the wall signs back toward the main reception desk.” A thin yellow line traced his route over the schematic of the resort grounds. “From there,” she said, “turn left at the main desk and follow this hall to the first bank of elevators.” The yellow line provided visual assistance. “Take the elevator to the second floor and turn right. Colonial Hall will be on your right.”
“Easy enough.” He tossed the shot back and set the glass in the sink behind the bar. “I suppose I should get steppin’ if I’m going to get over there in time.”
“Your approximate time to your destination is twelve minutes, Mr. Davis.”
“Right – o,” Jagger said tossing his coat over his shoulder. “Don’t wait up for me, love.” He gave a wink of a red eye and closed the door. 
Thousands of small business owners from all over the Mid-Atlantic gathered in clusters in the conference room. Row after row of emerald-backed oaken chairs lined the massive hall. Jagger walked up to the long tables covered in name badges. 
“Good afternoon, sir,” a middle-aged blonde said from the other side. “Your name and company?
“Daniel Davis,” Jagger said. “Shenandoah Logistics.”
She shuffled through the row of alphabetized nametags coming to rest on his. “Here we are, Mr. Davis.” 
“Thank you.” He pinned the plain plastic tag to his coat pocket. 
“Is really that bright in here?” she asked eyeing up his black shades. 
Jagger lowered them down on his nose and leaned over the tabletop toward the blonde wearing the nametag that read: Kelly.  She gasped and shot back in her chair as his red stare bore a hole into her plastic surgery.
“We wouldn’t want to startle the natives now, would we?” He slid the shades back up the bridge of his nose and turned toward the crowd. “Keep that butchered nose of yours where it belongs, Kelly, and we won’t have any trouble. Understood?”
Kelly shuddered and lowered her blue gaze to the table in silence. 
Jagger wandered into the growing crowd and did his best to mingle. He made his way over to a group of entrepreneurs breaking the ice at the bar. A short pudgy man in a black suit approached Jagger with an open hand. 
“Hi, Dan,” he said in a cheerful tone. “I’m Mitch Roberts. I run a small printing operation over in Nitro.” 
“Thrilled,” Jagger said shaking his hand. He nodded to the gent behind the small wet bar. “A Comfort and Coke – and don’t be greedy.”
“Right away, sir,” the tender said grabbing his mixer. 
“So, Mr. Davis,” Mitch said, “how’s the weather up in Pittsburgh?” 
Jagger raised a brow as he took his tall glass from the bartender. “Fine, I suppose. You have something for me?”
Mitch nodded and motioned Jagger to follow him back to his table. 
“Take these all day passes to King’s Dominion compliments of Cooper Enterprises.”
A devious grin allowed Jagger’s overbite to rear its ugly head. “I appreciate your generosity, Mitch. It will be duly noted.”
Jagger took the small bundle of papers and IDs and slipped them into his inside coat pocket. The Brit glided among the other guests and awaited his time to strike.


Jagger strode down the long concrete corridor in the hidden bunkers under the Greenbrier. His steel-toed work boots echoed off of the damp walls. 
“Not my first choice in color,” he said brushing off his maintenance coveralls, “but they’ll have to suffice.”
“Evenin’,” a passing worker said tipping his hardhat. 
Jagger mimicked the gesture and remained silent. Just keep walking, he thought stuffing his hands into his coverall pockets. The cold steel of his silencer gave the killer a high akin to a line of coke. Adrenaline surged throughout his bloodstream heightening Jagger’s senses to inhuman heights. 
Jagger slid the Ruger Mark III Hunter pistol out of his belt line and screwed its silencer into place. A small black metal door set flush against the left wall. A passerby would never be able to distinguish it from its surroundings. He slid the small slip of paper out of his left pocket and cupped it in his palm. 

Three paces past the seventh wall lamp. 5-3-34-17. 

Jagger looked back toward the bunker’s entrance and double counted the lamps. “Seven.” He strode up to the small black bulge on the wall and lifted the metal door up on its hinges. Jagger punched the combination into the concealed keypad; the thick steel door popped open in silence. He took the door in his left hand and crept in with his Ruger in his right. 
Unbelievable, he thought shutting the door. 
A large wall of monitors and satellite feeds scanned every nook and cranny of American space. The person in the oversized leather chair hadn’t noticed his presence yet. Jagger gingerly placed one boot over the other keeping his focus trained on the rocking leather seat ahead. The Brit stopped next to the chair and lowered the barrel of his Ruger down even with the head of the person sitting in it. 
“The elusive Q,” Jagger said. “The pleasure is all mine.” 
The wall of monitors flashed in red:

EMERGENCY OVERRIDE EMERGENCY OVERRIDE. TEMPORARY AUTHORITY TRANSFERRED. 

“Clever move,” Jagger said. “I’m afraid it will have little bearing on your fate.” 
Jagger snapped the action slide back and trained the bead of his weapon on the temple of the Hunter Cell’s commander. 



  Joshua Dyer is the author of several books available on Amazon and in various other retailers. If you liked “Subterfuge” then be sure to grab a copy of the first book in the Assassin Quintet, “Hunter Cell” free in eBook format. 

