             
Real Survivor
John Greenwood
Copyright 2014 by John Greenwood
Smashwords Edition




Chapter 1

I feel the sweat running down my forehead, and it's only seventy-two degrees.  I hope Karen doesn't notice and tell me I'll ruin my tux.  I am so nervous, but I guess that’s normal when you’re eighteen year old daughter is about to walk down the aisle in the Rose Garden in front of the whole world, well at least all sixty-seven of us.  She's marrying a nineteen year old guy named Jason Mason. I know what you’re thinking a guy whose first name rhymes with his last name, but he's actually a decent guy, at least that’s what Karen tells me and he did save my life a while back.  I'm standing near the back by the door to the White House where Marissa will walk out.  I can see Jason standing by the altar next an old guy named Lawrence. He used to be a lawyer.  He’s officiating the wedding because we don’t have a priest.  I tried to get him to wear a collar but he refused, so we compromised that he would at least button the top button of his shirt.  I want everything to be perfect.   Karen is seated in the front row. She’s the one with the big smile on her face. I’m pretty sure it’s for Marissa and not me since she is the one getting married today.  For me she usually has another expression.  I'm waiting for Marissa, she’s in the restroom checking her hair or doing whatever it is women do.  I brushed my hair this morning, so I'm hoping it looks okay, though I’m sure I'll hear about it later from Karen if it doesn't.  I look back at Jason waiting again.  He looks like he's looking at me, so I stick my tongue out at him.  I sure hope Karen didn’t see me do that.  A minute later, Marissa steps out of the door.  She looks so beautiful.  She's wearing a long white gown that she found at a nearby dress shop.  I think Karen even fit it herself, since we are kind of lacking tailors.  For those of you that don’t know, the sixty-seven people attending this wedding are the only sixty-seven people left in the world, at least as far as we know, so when I say the whole world is watching I really mean it.  I can’t believe she is all grown up and getting married. I’m sure every dad says that right before his daughter walks down the aisle, but I really can’t believe it. I mean she was just in diapers. Okay maybe I’m just a little nervous.  I’ve thought about walking the other way with her when it’s time to walk down the aisle, but I know Karen would kill me and plus then I would miss out on all that great food Tim made, including two wedding cakes.  Yes two, one is for me and one is for everyone else.  Tim is our in-house chef and Karen will tell you she thinks I like him more than her, and in some case she may be right, but don’t let her know that.  I hear someone cueing up the music for us to walk down, it’s the wedding march song.  I quickly think about closing the door so Marissa doesn’t hear it, but I see it’s too late because she’s already smiling.  She is so much like Karen.  I wonder if I should remind her she's marrying a guy named Jason Mason.  I even had her watch The Runaway Bride the other night.  Well I guess it’s too late now, so I hold out my arm and Marissa latches hers through it.  We look at each other for a moment.  It’s our last moment alone together before she will belong to someone else. I lean over and gently kiss her on her cheek.  I feel a tear in my eye but I quickly start blinking so she won’t notice.  I’m still the leader of all sixty-seven of us and I need to maintain a certain reputation. Yes I was voted Director.  I feel my feet start walking towards the aisle, it’s like Karen is sitting over there with a remote control.  I think about asking Marissa if she has cold feet, but instead we start stepping into the sunlight. I see all the heads turn.  I wonder if they’re looking at me, maybe I should have brushed my hair again.  Karen must be so proud.  I put the biggest smile on my face till I feel Marissa nudging me with her elbow so I quickly tone it down a little.  We're walking nice and slow just like we practiced.  Funny thing is I don’t mind the slow walking in fact I wish we could walk slower.  I wish this moment would last forever.  I really am excited about her getting married despite my protests because the thing I didn't mention before is she is pregnant and I’m going to be a grandfather or as I decided a while back Grandpa Seth.   I can't wait for the little guy to come out.  I even came up with a bunch of names, but Marissa and Karen told me it wasn't my job to name their child. So I asked what about Seth, my name, as a choice and they both just looked at me and shook their heads like they always do, at least I can say I tried.  Well we're about halfway down now and I see Jason still standing up there smiling. I immediately grab a hold of Marissa's arm a little tighter till I see Karen giving me the look again, so I let up a little.  I look around it really is beautiful out here in the Rose Garden.  Everyone pitched in the last few weeks and helped manicure the flowers and lawn.  Too bad CNN isn’t covering this. It would really make nice TV.  I look up at the sky and there's not a cloud up there, and trust me that's a rarity in DC. It's usually either hot and muggy or cold and icy. There is really no in between. I thank God for giving us this one nice day.  I look at all the faces around us, it's sad to think there are only twenty-six originals left.  I hope my Mom and Dad are watching too. They would be so proud of us, especially me for actually walking Marissa down the aisle instead of the other direction.  I hope they like my tux.  We're near the altar now, this is the hardest part, this is where I have to let Marisa go and hand her off to Jason.  I feel my hands clutching her even tighter than before.  Somehow she manages to pull away and gives me a kiss. I feel tears in my eyes forming again, but I ignore them and quickly sit down next to Karen. She reaches out and holds my hand.  I still can't believe this is really happening, but then I have felt that way almost every day for the past two years ever since we found out about the virus while we were vacationing on the Jupiter 6, that was our new boat. It wasn't really new but it was new to us, you know what they say if you haven’t seen it, it’s new to you at least that's what Karen always says.   It’s amazing that we have actually survived all sixty-seven of us.  When we first found out about the virus we were in the middle of the Atlantic and all alone.  After a while, we finally got the courage to come back ashore and we ended up living at the White House.  Eventually we found there were several others who made it as well and now they are all here watching Jason Mason take my daughter from me.  Have I told you I’m a little nervous about this?  I feel Karen squeeze my hand a little harder.  I wonder how she always knows.  I look behind me and everyone has a happy expression on their face. I wonder if they notice the tension in mine. I quickly turn back around and watch Jason lead Marissa up onto the altar and stand in front of Lawrence.  Karen has already coached me on the part when they ask if anyone objects.  She threatened to shove her hand in my mouth if needed, so I reluctantly promised I would be good.  Marissa’s dress is gleaming from the sun and the train is dragging behind her making her appear almost angelic. She really looks stunning.  One of our younger members is standing next to her watching her dress.  Her name is Jasmine, like the flower and she is kind of the Maid of Honor too.  Thomas is standing beside Jason. He is Jason’s best friend.  They are all looking towards Lawrence who is reading from a book.  I hope it’s not “How to do a wedding for Dummies”.  I watch as he has Marissa and Jason face each other.  I can’t believe Jason still isn’t sweating.  I wonder if there’s something I can do.  I look at Karen and she’s already shaking her head at me, so I sit back and watch Marissa state her vows.  A few minutes later, I hear Lawrence proclaim they are now husband and wife; yes I was able to hold back when he asked if anyone objected.  Karen promised me more cake, but we’ll keep that quiet for now.  I watch as they walk down from the altar and back into the door to the White House that I was standing at just a little while ago.  My daughter is now married.  I look at Karen.  She is smiling and gives me a big hug, though it feels as though she’s restraining me.  We eventually make our way back inside to the beautifully decorated East Room.  I’m amazed at how elegant it has been set up.  There are tables of food, yes even the two cakes, I make sure.  I look at Tim and he winks at me, so I know the smaller one is still for me.  I love that guy.  I begin to edge over towards the cake tables, but I immediately feel myself being dragged the other way by Karen towards the center of the room where everyone is lined up.  A moment later I hear Thomas’s voice boom out from above and introduce Mr. and Mrs. Mason. He is acting as our DJ too.  They quickly enter through a far door and pass between all of us.  Marissa looks so happy.  On cue the music begins to play and we form a circle and they begin to dance in front of us.  Someone has definitely planned all this out, I wonder who.  After the song ends Thomas directs us back to our tables.  We’re right up front, I can’t even see the infants from where we are, but I hear them in the back.  We have six of them now and soon seven, though Marissa isn’t showing yet.  I guess I’ll be spending a lot more time with them once my grandson is born.  I hope they don’t still cry every time they see me.  I wonder if I should try to push the Seth name again.  I look over at Karen, but she’s busy watching Marissa and Jason slow dancing to “Rock with You” by Michael Jackson.  I slowly turn my head around. I can still see the cakes from where we’re seated.  I’m keeping my eye on the small one just in case.  It’s Black Forest of course.  The music softly dies down and Marissa and Jason take their seats at a table directly in the center of all of us. I notice how quiet it is all of a sudden.  I feel Karen tapping me on my side.
“Seth…Seth.  They’re waiting for you.”
“What do you mean?”  I look back over at her.  I notice everyone is looking at me even our newest members Connick and Maura.  They recently joined us from California.  We actually rigged up a Suburban, well Jim did.  He’s our smart guy, when we heard there were possibly still survivors living out there and we convinced them all to come back with us.  They have become our best friends and they actually live in the Presidential private quarters with us. 
“Go say something.”  I slowly stand up and begin walking towards Thomas.  He’s holding a wireless mic. Maybe I should have been more involved in the planning.  I remember telling Marissa and Karen I would go to the rehearsals.  I grab the microphone and look around at all the faces staring at me.  I’m still the Director.  I have been officially elected twice, though the second time no one ran against me.  I hope none of these new California people get any crazy ideas of running.  I look at Connick.  He smiles back at me.  I hope he’s not contemplating a run for my job.  The only other person that has expressed an interest is Evan, he’s still the Assistant Director, but ever since his partner Craig died from the second go round of the virus he has been pretty much keeping to himself.  I look through all around the room till I see him seated in the back.  He’s seated close to the cakes, so I may have to keep a close watch on him.  I look down at the microphone and slide the switch to the on position.  I see Jason and Marissa.  Jason is sitting a little too close to Marissa, but I can see Karen out of the corner of my eye nudging me to start talking, so I ignore that for now.  I start talking about how great Marissa is and how lovely the ceremony was.  I go on and on like this for a while till I see everyone, that means Karen and Marissa eyeing me and trying to get me to stop, so I eventually close my mouth and sit down.  Hopefully that means it’s time for the cake cutting.  I wonder if Tim has a special knife for my cake too.  A minute later Lawrence stands up and gives a blessing, now we can eat.  It’s not quite cake time yet, but at least we’re finally eating.  I didn’t realize how big of an appetite being the father of the bride can give you.  Karen is just looking at me and shaking her head.  We both quickly turn our heads as Jason leans over and gives Marissa a kiss.  It still makes me cringe, but like I said I am starting to like the guy a little more, maybe I can work on him with the Seth name for the baby.  We spend the next several hours celebrating their marriage and yes they finally cut the cake.  I even got to cut my own, though no one gathered around to watch.  Karen continued to shake her head.  A few hours later after several more forced dances from Karen we sent them off on their honeymoon.  They didn’t really go anywhere except to the Blair Mansion that we set up for them.  I think they are staying there for a couple of days by themselves and then they will come back and join us again in the White House.  We even have a special set of rooms setup for them in the private quarters near us.  We now have everyone living in the White House, the electricity or lack of electricity has forced us all to live under one roof, all sixty-seven of us.  I think Evan was the last one to come over from Blair.  Jim, our scientist, I know it rhymes with Tim our chef have rigged up the electricity for a few days to cover the Blair Mansion for them.  I think he directed a few of the windmills to power up the Blair Mansion specifically.  Yes, the south lawn of the White House is completely covered with wind mills and solar panels, quite an interesting look.  I’m still not used to the constant whirring and buzzing sound but at least I can still spend time in the bowling alley late at night and keep my reading light on.  I still blow air every time I walk by them. A few hours later, I look over next to me at Karen. She is sound asleep with a big smile on her lips.  I wonder if she’s thinking about me.  I’ll have to ask her in the morning, though I may not want to know the answer.  I pull the comforter with the Presidential seal up around my neck.  I still don’t have a mirror on the ceiling so I can look at it, but I may have Jason install that when they come back.   I think for the first time since we survived this awful virus I feel happy and relaxed, maybe it’s from the cake Tim made and the extra wine Karen let me drink but I think we are going to be okay.  I’m not sure how long we will survive or even if we will.  Jim still thinks we won’t make it past five years, maybe he needs to start eating cake and drinking wine in that lab of his or at least come out every once in a while, but whatever happens today was a good day. Marissa got married and I got my own cake, I’ll leave the priority part to you.



Chapter 2   

I can’t believe it! I’m up and out of bed before Karen today. I’m hoping there might be some extra cake left over.  I quietly tiptoe into the East Room and see everything is all cleaned up and put away.  Tim must have been up all night working.  I hope he’s not too tired to cook today.  I make my way towards the kitchen.  I still haven’t found any secret staircases so I have to keep walking quietly.  I walk past all the closed doors on the way.  I think they are all filled with people sleeping in them.  I don’t know any of the sleeping arrangements. I don’t think we have enough rooms for everyone despite there being a hundred and sixty-two total rooms, but Karen told me not to worry about it so I keep walking without looking.  I make it to the kitchen and I hear someone in there.  I hope someone didn’t beat me to the left over cake.  I’m surprised when I see Tim standing in there.  He doesn’t look happy. 
“Good morning Tim.”  I sit down at one of the new butcher block tables we recently moved in here.  I think we can seat about twenty now, but we never all eat at the same time.  We only eat in the dining room for formal meals.
“How would you like some of the leftovers from last night?” I immediately smile as I watch him reach deep into one of the refrigerators.  I think I can see some cake in there too.  I nod my head.  A few minutes later, I have a heaping plate in front of me. Maybe this getting up early thing isn’t so bad I after all.  “Enjoy it, because I don’t know how many more meals like this we have left?”
“What do you mean?”
“We’re running out of food Seth?”  I immediately think about my cans of spaghetti and sausages.
“How about the garden?”
“It’s not cutting it.  We’ve almost depleted the canned goods.  The garden just doesn’t produce enough.”
I take a big bite of some kind of vegetable patty.  My mouth immediately remembers it from last night.  It was my second favorite thing to eat after the cake of course.  I know you’re probably thinking that food is all I think about, but I also think about bowling and being the Director too, at least in between bites.  I’m thinking about going on anther bike ride this morning after breakfast.  Karen got me a bike for my birthday before everything went bad.  That’s before Charles and his group came through and shot us up and caused another round of the virus that almost ended us, especially Marissa and me, but we both somehow made it through.  “Can we get you some help in the garden?  Make it bigger?  I can get some people to work out there.”  As Karen will tell you I’ve gotten very good at assigning people to do various things ever since I was elected Director.  I think what she means it is going to my head. I just hope that isn’t causing the increasing gray hairs I’m seeing every time I look in the mirror now.  I wonder if Tim notices.
“I don’t know Seth.  I just don’t know.  We have a lot of mouths to feed.”
I hope he’s not referring to me.  “I’ll head out there today with Jim and see what he thinks.”  I see Tim nod and reach back into the refrigerator.  He’s carrying over a piece of the wedding cake.  It’s not the Black Forest. I finished that one last night. This is the actual wedding cake.  “Delicious” I say.  Tim nods. You may have noticed he’s not a man of many words but whenever I’m around him I’m usually there for eating and not talking, so it works out pretty good for us.  I finish up my cake and thank Tim.  I head back out into the hallways.  It’s still early so I walk quietly to my office.  We decided the Oval Office is off-limits for sleeping since the Director, me, needs a place to work.  I don’t really do any work in here except place my feet up on the desk, don’t tell anyone though, but it’s still kind of a sacred place.  I’m still waiting for someone to paint a picture of me to hang up on the wall next to George Washington. Maybe I’ll call the official White House painter later today.  I spend about an hour or so in the Oval Office pretending to be the President and then I decide to take a walk downstairs. We have six floors so it’s a lot of stairs.  I get to the door for the Presidential bunker though I think the official term for it is the Situation Room.  It is the only room we haven’t been able to access, but now we have a couple of ex-criminals amongst us that Charles brought and survived so maybe we can get in now.  I guess I should explain how that happened.  Charles was the biggest and meanest of all of us.  We picked him up in L.A. actually Evan and Craig did before they came to us here.  Little did they know he was actually an ex-con who had just been released from this new underground prison in California called The Max. It was a special prison that was built entirely underground to both limit any chance of escape and to please the environmentalist out there.  They also built a small neighborhood of homes nearby.  Anyway, Charles got a little upset when he didn’t get everything he wanted, like being the Director and living in the private residence part of the White House and he left.  Everything I have. He eventually came back with some of his other ex-con friends, about forty of them, they arrived guns a-blazing.  They ended up shooting and killing a bunch of us and even forced us all out of the White House for a brief period, and this all took place during my birthday party I should add.  I had to leave my Presidential Sealed comforter and move into the Blair House.  Eventually most of them came down with the virus as well as many of us and Charles as well as most of his guys passed away. We suspect they were messing around in Jim’s lab and somehow got exposed to it.  Long story short, we got everything cleaned up and moved back in and have been happy ever after.  I’m looking at the coded lock.  It’s one of those ones that require about ten numbers to crack it, not the usual three like we had on our high school lockers.  I couldn’t do those either. I was going to try the President and his family’s birthdays but Jim told me it may lock out after a few bad tries so I stop.  I hope we can figure it out now. I guess this is a good time to fill you in on Jim too if you don’t know about him.  He is basically our live in scientist and doctor.  The guy is just too smart.  I can’t understand half of what he says so I usually just end up nodding whenever I’m around him, but I think he likes me.  He kind of reminds me of the Professor on Gilligan’s Island but he looks like the scientist on the Back to the Future movies. I know strange combination, but he has been very helpful around here.  He actually came up with a vaccine that saved Marissa and me when we came down with the virus.  Anyway, back to more important things, I can’t imagine a world without Spaghetti and sausages.  I hope Tim still has a few cans saved just for me.  I think I hear some footsteps up above me. Maybe everyone is starting to rise.  I’m glad I already ate.  I slowly climb back up the stairs.  There are not too many rooms for us to use on most of the lower floors.  We mostly live on the top three.  I tiptoe even more quietly as I near the nursery.  I try and picture baby Seth down there in a few months.  Finally I get back to the main level and I step outside.  The sun is just starting to rise.  This used to be my favorite time of the day when I was in the stock business.  I used to love getting up early and reading the Wall Street Journal.  I can almost still feel the texture of the paper in my hands.  Sometimes, I wonder what it would be like if none of this had happened and we were back in our old life.  Marissa probably wouldn’t be married and I wouldn’t be becoming a grandfather at forty-eight and I certainly wouldn’t be living in the White House running Jamestown, that’s what we decided to call our little world.  Marissa came up with the name.  I step down on the first step.  I can see the Washington Monument still pointing upwards surrounded by a circle of faded flags.  It almost looks as though nothing has changed except for the unbelievable sense of quietness and overgrowth of bushes and grass everywhere you look.  I slowly descend the stairs and see my bright red bike leaning against the wall.  I put my helmet on and hop on.  I’m not really sure where I’m going to go luckily it’s a mountain bike so I can take it out on the roads away from the White House.  I decide to head out onto Pennsylvania Avenue and turn left.  By the way, I just passed the official Presidential limo, it’s starting to rust.   I guess they didn’t rust proof it enough when the President was using it, if they only knew.  If you don’t know the President’s limo was kind of an obsession with me when we first moved in, though I never got anyone to drive me around in it.  I wonder if I should get a two seat bike.  Maybe I could get Jason to ride me around on that.  It could be the new limo. Maybe we could even fly a flag off the back. I’ll have to ask Karen later.  I jump over a few bumps.  I’m actually starting to get used to mountain biking.  I haven’t fallen in a while.  I never knew how quiet Pennsylvania Ave was at this time of the day.  Everyone must be telecommuting now.  I know enough jokes about the traffic or lack thereof.  It just still amazes me that a world so prosperous as ours was has virtually disappeared because of a pre-historic virus uncovered from a melting glacier.  I guess Al Gore was right after all about global warming.  I pick up some speed and the road levels out.  There are not too many weeds in my way.  Even most of the bodies on the road have dried up or something.  I don’t even look anymore, it’s like they are part of the landscape now.  I still often wonder why we were picked to survive.  I tried to ask Karen one time if she thought it was my good looks and extreme wisdom, but for some reason she wanted to change the subject.  I’m still not sure if we were the lucky ones or the unlucky ones.  After two years were only sixty-seven strong and have no idea where our next meal or glass of water is going to come from, though Jim has worked out some kind of system to collect rain water, and trust me it rains a lot here.  I don’t think Seattle has anything on us in the summer evenings.  He’s getting ready to build another set of windmills on the other side of the White House too.  He thinks we should have plenty of power.  I’m just glad to lights still work in the bowling alley at night.  I especially like 80’s night where I put on the music and the strobes.  For some reason I can’t figure out why no one else seems to like to bowl with me.  Karen wouldn’t tell me.  I turn onto Constitution and make my way past the Smithsonian.  I still have the Hope Diamond in a desk drawer in the Oval Office.  I think I’ll give it to Karen one of these days, maybe next time she’s not talking to me.  I decide to just ride today and not make any stops in any of the museums. I even pass a few Seven-Elevens without even looking in them.  I really miss my Doritos.  A few times I have even ridden up to the drive through windows at McDonalds and placed an order, but for some reason I never get anything.  It’s still so strange the things you miss when everyone else is gone.  Karen used to always say I never liked people just money, but I should tell her later how lonely it is out on these rides and how I would love to see crowds of people walking by.  If you don’t know why Karen claims I love money so much it’s because of my old career, believe it or not, I wasn’t always a leader of a country I used to be a stock broker. Some people may tell you I was a little obsessed and I can’t imagine why they would say that.  It can’t be because I had TV’s in every room of our house tuned to CNBC twenty four hours a day, yes even the bathrooms. I’m riding pretty fast now.  It has gotten easier the more I do it.  I can actually ride now for a couple of hours without getting winded, I know I’m not Lance Armstrong yet, but don’t tell Karen that.  I even started wearing bike shorts the other day and one of those tight bright yellow shirts with a matching helmet.  It is kind of nice to be able to walk into any store and get whatever you want.  I don’t even feel guilty anymore.  The other day I needed some new shoes so I grabbed ten or so pairs just in case I changed my mind.  Karen made me get rid of eight of them right away.  I told her I would donate them to charity. She gave me one of those looks.   I can see Rosslyn up ahead. That’s the Virginia side.  I hope the traffic is better over there.  I glide on down the ramp and into the city.  They have quite a few tall buildings here. It’s kind of funny compared to DC where everything has to be shorter than the monuments. I immediately stop in front of a Starbucks and order a Venti Mocha Latte, okay not really, but I do gather up a bunch of their hot chocolate and place it into a bag on my bike.  Tim says it is still good as long as the container is sealed.  I even grab a few of those mugs with the extra-large handles and throw them in there too.   A few minutes later I’m back in DC fighting the traffic again and heading back down Constitution towards the White House…what the heck?...two orange streaks fly across the road in front of me.  I almost fall off my bike.  I can’t believe it I think I just saw two huge tigers.  Luckily, they didn’t see me.  I immediately think I am seeing things, maybe I did have too much wine last night, but then I see them again.  They quickly run back across the road from where they came from, now there are three more.  There are five tigers and only one of me on a bright red bike and I’m wearing a yellow shirt and matching helmet.  They’re still looking the other way.  I’m not sure what to do, so I check to make sure the hot chocolate is okay.  I wonder if Karen would be proud of me for checking on it.  Then I slowly turn around and start pedaling.  I turn my head back and they still don’t seem to notice me, and Karen says I usually don’t know what is going on around me.  I start pedaling as quickly as possible.  I start to wonder if I can outrun a tiger.  I look behind me again and now I can’t see them at all.  I wonder if they’re circling in front of me and preparing for the kill.  I’m moving as fast as I can.  I picture myself in the final leg of the Tour De France.  I think I hear a growl in front of me but I determine it’s just my stomach.


Chapter 3

After about and half an hour I finally make it back to the White House with all my limbs still intact.  I see Karen and Jim standing outside on the terrace near where I park my bike so I begin to yell go inside, but as usual they both look at me like I’m crazy.  I can’t believe Jim is actually outside his lab again.  I had no idea hell was freezing over.  
Out of breath I yell, “Go inside.  Tigers…tigers.”  I point behind me.  I see their confused faces look there.
“Are you sure you got enough sleep last night Seth?”  I lean my bike against the wall and hang my bright yellow Tour De France helmet on the handle bars.  I wonder if they think I look like Lance Armstrong. Maybe I should keep the helmet on.  I try and flex my chest as I walk towards them.
“I saw five tigers back there when I was riding home.”
“Oh Seth, I love you.  He’s okay right Jim?”
“How about I take a look at you in my office Seth?”  I look at Jim and think about his lab.  I immediately think I would rather go back to the tigers.
“I’m serious there were five tigers back there.  They ran right across Constitution.  I thought I was seeing things at first but they were real.”  I watch them both look at each other.  I edge near the door behind them.
“I guess it’s possible.  Are you sure?”  I nod my head quickly and open the door and lean in.  “They could be looking for food or they could even be from the zoo.  If they really exist that means there is food out there or they wouldn’t have survived for the last two years.”
“What do you mean?”
“Tigers eat deer and other animals. They are carnivores.”  I wanted to say I was glad they don’t like spaghetti and sausages but Karen had that look on her face again so I kept my mouth shut.  “We should probably make sure everyone knows, so they can stay indoors.”
“Do you think they can penetrate the fence?  Isn’t it the best security system in the world?”  I watch as Jim gives me one of those looks too.  I hope Karen hasn’t been working with him on that.
“Let’s go inside and let everyone know.  We may need to get one of the vehicles working so we can see what kind of animals are out there.  This could be the answer to our food supply.”
“I just hope were not the answer to the Tiger’s food supply.”  I watch Jim shake his head and shuffle inside behind me.  I think Karen said she was going to let Marissa and Jason know.  Maybe there’s a way we could keep it quiet from Jason, I think to myself, but Karen turns back around so I let it go.  How does she do that?  I walk down to the communication room and make an announcement through the PA system.  I wonder if woke anyone up.  I hope they don’t go to the kitchen.  I decide to head to the Oval Office and work for a while.  As soon as I walk in I’m surprised to see my new best friend Connick seated in one of the chairs.  Even though I like him, I’m glad he’s not seated behind my desk.  I immediately take a seat and place my feet up on the desk, time to exercise again.
“So we really have tigers roaming about?”
I explain to him what I saw.  I see his face tighten up a little when he hears there were five of them.  I think about telling him maybe we could start a circus act for entertainment, but he seems a little troubled by living in such close proximity to tigers so I hold off.  We talk for a little while and I even make us both a large hot chocolate with the large handled mugs.  The aroma must be strong because a minute later Karen walks in and I quickly make her a cup in a regular mug.  I guess I’ll have to take another trip to Starbucks one of these days.
“How are Marissa and Jason doing?” 
Karen sits down across from Connick.  “They were shocked by the tigers but I think they were still on a wedding high so they don’t seem too bothered by it.”
“Did I tell you guys how beautiful that ceremony was?  There such good kids.  Are you excited about becoming grandparents?”
“We can’t wait for baby Seth.”  I quickly answer.  I place my feet on the ground and then back up.
“Don’t listen to him Connick.  He’s not going to be named Seth.  Remember Seth we have talked about this.  Don’t get any crazy ideas.”  
I watch Connick laugh and slowly stand up.  “I think I’m going to go find something to eat.”
Karen immediately places her finger to her lips, so I don’t say anything about him not eating the rest of the cake. I wish I knew how she could read my mind.  We say goodbye to Connick and I move my feet up and down again and think about another piece of cake.  I think if I run I can still beat Connick to the kitchen. 
“Seth I think you should wait a while riding your bike till Jim can figure out what to do about the tigers.”  I didn’t think it was a good time to bring up my idea about the circus.  “I think we should keep everyone indoors for now. “  I quickly turn my head and look out the window behind my desk.  “Are you listening Seth?”  I nod.  “I’m going to go work on my clinic for a while.  Stay out of trouble Seth, if that’s possible.”  
I watch her walk to the door before I call out, “lions and tigers and bears…oh my.”  
“Seth, get to work.”  I watch as she shakes her head back and forth, so I go back to my exercise plan and move my feet up and down off the desk a few times till I get bored.  I take walk down to Jim’s lab. I know you’re probably thinking I must be really bored.  I see him inside his lab.  It’s a large glass enclosed room full of tiny little bottles and computer screens.  There is a double glass door always locked to prevent anyone from getting in after one of our members ran loose in there a few years ago and destroyed everything including himself.  I see Jim turn his head.  I can’t imagine he gets a lot of visitors down here so he actually looks happy to see me, though I have never seen him smile.  I start singing the lions and tigers and bears song as he comes out.  He doesn’t look happy anymore. He steps out into the hallway and locks the door behind him.  I’m glad he’s not taking any chances anymore.  
“I’ve been thinking, if you saw them that close to here, there’s a chance they may be desperate and will attack one of us for food.  I think we should beef up the security around here and make sure there’s no way they can get in.”  I nod my head in agreement.
“Do you want me to notify the Secret Service?” He just shakes his head. “Do you think there could be more out there?”
“It’s possible. You said you saw five right?”
“Yep, they didn’t seem to see me or they weren’t interested.”
He wipes the sweat off his forehead.  I never understand why he keeps it so warm in here.  “I hope you realize how lucky you were.”  I nod again.
“Maybe it’s because they realized I was the Director.”  He doesn’t laugh.
“I’m going to go start checking doors and windows.  Why don’t you put another announcement out?”  I immediately think maybe he doesn’t think I’m the Director.  I’m supposed to be giving the orders.  I’ll have to ask Karen later.  I turn around and head back to the comm room.  A few minutes later, I’m walking by the nursery where little Seth will soon be when I hear Karen yelling my name.  I immediately think a tiger has gotten in.  I’m not sure if I should answer or run the other way, but for some reason I tell her I’m near the nursery and I hear her come running down.  A minute later she wraps her arms around me.
“Where’s Jim?”  I tell her he went searching for open doors.  “Marissa is upstairs. She has a bad stomach ache and is bleeding.”
“Baby Seth.”  I begin yelling out till Karen tells me to shut up.  “I’ll go call him on the PA system.  Where’s Marissa now?”
“She’s with Jason in their room upstairs.”  I start to say something about Jason but Karen doesn’t look happy so I run back to the comm room and tell Jim to meet us in Marissa’s.  I sprint up the stairs, both flights, and I don’t even feel winded.  I’ll have to tall Karen that exercise is paying off maybe I can outrun a tiger.  I get to the door.  It’s open and I feel my pulse pounding in my ears.  Marissa is lying in bed and looks like she is in severe pain.  I place my hand on her stomach and lean in front of Jason till Karen tells me to move back.  Marissa’s face is full of sweat and it looks like she has been crying.  I wonder if this is a good time to bring up the part about naming him Seth, but just then Jim walks in and immediately begins to look her over.  A minute later, he asks us to leave the room.  Everyone goes except Jason so I begin to protest till I feel a strong hand pushing me out the door.  Karen is right behind me.    It feels like hours before the door opens and Jim walks out.
“So is everything okay? How’s Seth?”
He gives me a strange look and then says, “I’m pretty sure I felt a good strong heartbeat.  I want to get her on the ultrasound just to make sure.”
“What could be causing this?”  I ask.
“It’s usually nothing.  It happens during pregnancies.  It can be caused by stress or change of diet, really anything.”
“How about tigers?”
“Seth …really?”
“He’s right.  Fear of wild animals running around could cause stress to a soon to be mom.  Remember she just had her wedding too.  I think she just needs to be alone and rest.  I’ll bring the machine up in a few minutes.”
I immediately walk into the room and say “let’s go Jason she needs to be alone.  Jim just said.”  But I instantly feel a hand on my back pulling me away.
“Seth, Jason is her husband and it’s his baby too, so why don’t we leave them alone.”
“Jim said…”  I suddenly feel a sharp pain in my leg.
“Get some rest Marissa.  We’ll be right downstairs if you need us won’t we Seth.”  I nod my head not taking my eyes of Jason. As I have said before it’s not that I don’t like the young man, he’s actually a great guy and I told you he saved my life, but she’s my daughter and I’m her father, well you know how it is.  “Let’s go make some tea Seth.”
“How about another hot chocolate?  I’ll even let you use my cup with the jumbo handle.”
“Didn’t we just have a hot chocolate?”
“It’s been a stressful day.”  I watch Karen nod as we head towards the kitchen.


Chapter 4  

“They’re out back!”  I jump up almost spilling my Starbucks hot chocolate in the cup with the jumbo handle when Thomas runs into the kitchen
“Who is?”
“The tigers, there must be at least ten of them out there.”  Karen and I quickly jump up and follow him.  I actually go back to the kitchen and grab my mug first. I don’t want it to go cold.  We follow him to the back and sure enough there are at least ten large orange and black striped tigers milling about the grass.
“Run for your lives.”  I scream.  “Run for your lives.”
“Seth, stop.  They can’t come inside.”  I look at the windows and door behind me and check the locks, then I start making faces and sticking my tongue out at them.  “Enough Seth.”
“You said they can’t come in.”
“I wonder what they’re doing out there.”  
Karen points out the window.  “I think like Jim said they are looking for food.”
“The garden,”  I say turning around suddenly feeling panicked.
“Seth, tigers are carnivores.”
“So am I and I eat vegetables.”  I see Thomas smiling out of the corner of my eye.  He’s obviously never been married.
“You’re not a carnivore, you’re an herbivore.”
“I think you’re watching too much Animal Planet.”  I watch as the tigers edge closer to the window we’re standing in front of.  I hope they have the extra thick glass on them. “There’s no meat for them to eat around here.” I say before thinking about of the last few cans of spaghetti and sausage Tim has stored away.  I better go warn him.
“They probably smell us.”  Karen says.
“Like I said before…run for your lives.”  I try and push Karen ahead.  
“I think we’ll be fine.  We should just keep an eye on them.”
“I’m going to go let Tim know.”
“Tim?”  I watch Karen shake her head.  I quickly make my way back across to the other side.  I’m careful not to spill my hot chocolate.  I’m glad Karen didn’t say anything about tigers liking hot chocolate or cake.   Just as I’m about to step into the kitchen, I hear Jim calling my name.  I quickly turn around.
“I just checked out Marissa on the ultra sound and the baby looks okay, so I think the bleeding and the stomach ache are unrelated.”  I take a long drink. I even swallow a few of the marshmallows I put in there.
“That is great news Jim.”  I tell him about all the tigers out front.  I watch as he quickly disappears around the corner and heads towards the windows where Thomas and Karen are.   I step into the kitchen. I’m surprised not to see Tim.  I hope he’s not out in the garden.  I’ll have to explain to him the whole carnivore and herbivore thing.  I was going to ask him if he wanted to take another trip to some of the grocery stores in Virginia and Maryland and see if we can get any more good canned food, but maybe we should wait till the tigers leave.  I suddenly jump a few minutes later when I hear Jim’s voice on the loudspeaker telling everyone to stay indoors no matter what.  I quickly run back towards where Karen and Thomas were.  As soon as I get near the window, I see Karen, she looks distressed and she is waving me to turn around.
“What’s wrong?”
“They got Michael?”
“Who did?”
“The tigers Seth, he stepped outside to look at something and they pounced on him, apparently there were more on the other side.”  Michael was one of the newest members we brought back from California with Connick.  I can’t believe he is gone.
“Isn’t there something we can do?”  I’m trying to keep up with Karen.
“I think we should all stay away from the windows and stay behind closed doors for now.”  Jim answers.  I think about his lab and how there’s no way a tiger would go in there.  “They’ll be hungry for more now.”
“What do you say we go to the kitchen Karen?”  I ask.
“Seth isn’t there anything you think about besides food, especially at a time like this.”  I watch as she slowly walks upstairs towards our area.  I make my way to the kitchen once again and after I don’t see Tim I head to the Oval Office.  I can’t believe we lost another member. That brings us down to sixty-six so even if we have more babies born like Baby Seth we’ll never make it.  Seth will never get a chance to grow up. You’ve probably noticed I’m pretty determined to call him Seth.  I place my feet up on the desk, close my eyes and try to think what would all the great men who sat before me here in this chair do in this situation.  I’m not sure how much time has gone by but when I open my eyes again it’s dark outside and my stomach is growling like a tiger.  I know not funny.  I slowly stand up and look behind me to make sure there are no tigers back there.  Once I’m sure everything looks clear, I head towards the kitchen.  I think I could make the walk with my eyes closed I’ve done it so many times.  I can’t believe it when I see the clock in the kitchen it says 11:00.  I have been asleep since this afternoon.  I can’t believe Karen didn’t wake me up.  My first though upon entering the kitchen and not seeing anyone is that they’ve all been eaten by tigers till I see a note on one of the refrigerators saying my dinner is inside.  I quickly open the door and pull out a plate full of food.  I think it is still wedding leftovers, though I am disappointed not seeing any cake.  I knew I shouldn’t have let Connick come down here earlier.  I’ll have to check with Karen and see who ate the rest of it.  I sit down at the table and begin eating my meal.  A few minutes later Karen walks in.
“How you doing sleepy head?”
“Why didn’t you wake me up?”
“I checked on you and you were sound asleep, I think you were talking in your sleep.”
I take a big bite of creamed corn.  “I was talking to my friends Abe and George.”
“I won’t ask.  How’s your dinner?”
“I’m enjoying being an herbivore.”
“Oh Seth, what am I going to do with you?”  I take another heaping bite.
“How about checking on the cake?”
I watch as she looks toward the refrigerators.  “I think Jason and Marissa had the rest.”
“Jason?”
“Yes, it was his wedding remember?  He is your son-in-law now.”  I take two quick bites.
“How’s Marissa doing?”
Karen looks down at my plate and shakes her head.  “She is doing much better. Jim thinks it was probably just an upset stomach.”
“Thank God. I was so nervous about Baby Seth.”
“Seth, remember we talked about the name thing.”  I finish the last two bites and place the plate near the sink.  I grab two chocolate chip cookies in a bag and sit back down next to Karen who just looks at me.  “Where do you put it Seth?”
“It’s all that exercise I do.  I’m thinking of starting a new game. It’s called can you outrun a tiger.”  I smile.
“Seth that’s not funny after what happened to Michael.”
“I know I feel bad he was a good guy.  I want to get everyone together tomorrow and have some kind of little ceremony.  Maybe we can plan another dinner in the dining room.  I can talk to Tim tomorrow about making a few more cakes.”
“You and those cakes, I don’t know how you ever survived before all this without them.  I do like the idea of having something for Michael though.”  We both jump when we hear something beeping.  It sounds like it’s coming from outside.
“What is that?”
“Maybe the tigers have gotten inside?”
“Don’t say that Seth.  Let’s take a look.”  I grab two more cookies from the bag, Karen shakes her head but a look of concern crosses her face as we leave the kitchen.  We head towards the front of the White House and the sound is definitely getting louder.  It sounds like a fire alarm going off outside.  We carefully look outside the windows and don’t see anything.
“I’ll go find Jim.”  A minute later I’m outside his lab, but he doesn’t appear to be in there.  Maybe he went out clubbing.  I hear Georgetown is the hot place to go.  I run back to find Karen still standing by the window.  I let her know Jim wasn’t there.  She looks as surprised as I am.  I’m tempted to start growling to scare her but instead I stay quiet and we both run upstairs and close all the doors.  We quickly check on Marissa and Jason, they appear to be asleep.  I look through our room for anything orange and furry and after I am satisfied I pull the comforter with the presidential seal over my head and wait for Karen to come to bed.  I can’t hear the alarm sounds anymore.  I go to sleep dreaming of the circus again.



Chapter 5   


For some reason we woke up late today.  Karen says it’s from all my moving around in my sleep.  We carefully open the door to our room hoping we won’t get eaten.  “Lions and tigers and bears,” I start singing till Karen tells me to shut up it’s too early for that so I stop.  Marissa’s door is still closed so I place my ear against it but Karen quickly pulls me away.  A minute later we are in the kitchen.  Tim looks exhausted, but at least I don’t see any tiger bites on him so I know he’ll be okay.  As soon as he sees me he opens one of the refrigerators and starts taking out food.  Karen just shakes her head and gets a cup of coffee.  I wonder if I should remind her I have Starbuck’s hot chocolate.   
“You look awful Tim.”  I say
“Those radiation detectors kept me up all night.  There’s one right outside my room.”  I quickly look at Karen.
“Radiation detectors?”
I watch as Tim places a big helping of something yellowish on a plate and starts walking over to me.  I almost feel like drooling I’m so hungry but I see Karen looking my direction.  “You know the ones that Jim put up a while back.  He’s been up and running around all night.”
“Where is he now?”
Tim looks behind him out the window.  “Last I saw, he was out front restarting the detectors.”
“Out front what about the tigers?”
“He said this was much more dangerous than the tigers.”  I take a big bite.  It kind of tastes like a mixture of scrambled eggs and French toast all in one.  My mouth is in heaven.  Karen is still shaking her head at me.  Did I mention she does that quite a bit?
“More dangerous than tigers?  What do you mean?”  I take another bite.  I hope Tim has more of this back there.
“I don’t know.” He says.  Remember I told you he is a man of few words but right now I am more interested in the food than anything else anyway, so it doesn’t bother me.  I can see Karen getting antsy.
“That doesn’t sound good Seth.  Remember he warned us about this.”  My mouth is so full I can’t even swallow.  “Seth you are disgusting.  Slow down.  Don’t you care about the radiation?”  I can’t tell her the truth that right now that all I care about is my next bite so I just nod.  “Let’s go find Jim.”
I finally swallow.  “We can’t go out there.  Remember what happened to Michael?”
“Well we can certainly find out what is going on.  Let’s go Seth.”  I look at my plate.  There are still a few bites left. Then I look at Tim.  He is busy in the pantry hopefully looking for more spaghetti and sausages.  I quickly get as much on the fork as possible and stuff it into my mouth.  I watch as Karen stomps out of the kitchen in front of me.  I wanted to say I didn’t even get my hot chocolate yet, but I felt my hand being pulled so I don’t say anything and keep chewing instead.  We scramble towards the front door, me still being pulled by my wife.  At least I’m finally able to swallow and not choke, though I don’t think Karen would have cared.  We look out and don’t see Jim or any tigers.   “Go see if he’s out back?”
“Me?”
“No, Seth the man standing next to you.  Yes you.  Are you okay today?”
I nod.  “You want me to go out there?”
Karen is shaking her head again.  “Seth you can go to the back and look out the window where he keeps the other detectors.”  I quickly turn around and walk towards the back.  I wish I could tell her this is what happens when I don’t get my hot chocolate in the morning, but I can’t see her anymore so I keep walking.  A minute later, I look out the window and see Jim standing on a step ladder.  I wonder if he knows tigers can jump.  I tap on the glass until he looks back and waves for me to come out.  I shake my head no and pretend to scratch and bite like a tiger.  I guess he gets the point because he starts climbing down and opens the door in front of me.
“Quick close door,” I say.  He doesn’t come all the way inside.
“It’s okay the tigers aren’t around.”  I look over his shoulder and behind him outside.
“Where did they go?”
He shakes his head, “I’m not sure but they haven’t been out here all night and this morning.  I think the alarm sound is keeping them away.”
“Is that why you turned it on?  I heard it last night.”
“I wish that were the case but step outside for a minute and you’ll see why they are going off.”  I take a step backwards.  “It’s okay. It’s not too bad yet.”
“It’s radiation Jim, it can’t be good.”
“It’s actually smoke.  The smoke detectors have been going off.  I was afraid of this.”
I slowly step outside and I can immediately smell the distant smoke in the air.  “Where is that?”
“Probably all around us. These wildfires can run crazy if left unattended.  This one has probably been going for some time.“  I carefully follow him back towards the ladder.  I’m still looking everywhere for anything orange.  I wonder if I wear an orange shirt they would think I am one of their own and leave me alone.  I think about asking Jim but then he points at the sky.  “See all that gray.”  I don’t really see anything but I just nod to appear like I do.  I think he’s impressed by my observation skills. I’ll have to tell Karen when I go in.  “We may have to evacuate or get into that bunker if it gets too much closer.”  
“How long do you think we have?”  I watch as he steps on the ladder.  
“By looking at that sky I would say if we don’t get any major rain we may have only a few days.”  I look at the sky and nod again.  I think I hear something behind me so I start inching towards the door again.
“I’m planning on a dinner tonight for everyone to talk about Michael and you can tell them about this.”  I don’t say anything about my plans for the cake, so they’ll be more for me.
“That’s a good idea.  Then we can come up with a plan.”  I nod and head back inside.  Just before I close the door I utter a loud tiger growl, I couldn’t resist and Karen isn’t anywhere around.  “What was that?  
“Ahh…just my stomach, I missed breakfast.” I see his face frown and his feet begin slowly climbing the ladder.  I head back towards the kitchen.  I pass a few familiar faces on the way. I let them know about the meeting tonight.  I find Karen standing outside the kitchen.  I explain to her what Jim said.  I immediately see the look of concern on her face so I tell her we should get some hot chocolate but she decides to go back upstairs and check on Marissa so I go back to the kitchen.  I almost ask Tim if I could move my office in here with him, but there are so many people in here so instead I just grab another plate and a big cup of chocolate and head back to my oval shaped office.  I spend the next few hours in there thinking about Baby Seth and what the new world will bring him.  I even look outside several times and look at the sky it still looks the same to me.  I figure I better practice nodding before dinner when Jim speaks to everyone tonight so he still thinks I’m smart.  Around lunch time I head back to the kitchen. There isn’t many people in there, but I can hear Tim working way back in the pantry, probably getting ready for tonight.  I hope he has some cake ingredients back there.  I grab another plate of the same egg, French toast mix I had this morning and take it back to my office.  The house seems so quiet.  I guess everyone is doing their own thing.  I have noticed that lately we have all kind of taken to being by ourselves, so I guess with only sixty-something people left in the world we still like being by ourselves best.   


Chapter 6 


Well it’s finally dinner time and I can’t believe how hungry I am.  We’re all slowly wandering into the dining room.  I always feel so Presidential when we are in here, especially with me being the Director.  I take my seat at the head of the table.  I hope Karen is still impressed with our seats.  I don’t see her yet so she’s probably helping out Tim in the kitchen.  I asked her earlier if we could maybe have tiger meat for dinner but she didn’t seem to like that too much.  It looks like everyone else is here except for Katherine. She’s the fifty year old who has taken over caring for the babies when the rest of us are meeting like this.  Marissa and Jason are seated to my right a few chairs down.  I smile at Marissa, she smiles back.  I make a face at Jason, but Marissa isn’t happy about that so I quickly stop. I don’t want Karen to find out.  I even see Jim seated at the far end of the table.  I notice there are two cakes near him.  I wonder why Tim placed them at the other end and then I remember Karen is helping him.  I may have to switch seats with someone down there.  A short while later everyone but Tim is seated and we all have our plates in front of us.  I notice I have a little more than everyone else.  I hope Karen doesn’t notice. I’m looking at my plate and possibly drooling when I suddenly feel Karen start nudging me.  I think she wants me to speak.  I immediately look at Lawrence, he’s the one who officiated Marissa’s wedding.  He’s still not wearing a collar but I nod at him till he stands up and gives a nice blessing.  Karen doesn’t look happy with me.  As soon as he finishes I dig in.  I don’t remember being this hungry.  It tastes like some kind of chicken that must have been canned and mixed with a bunch of vegetable products, but it tastes good.  I think Tim can make anything taste good.  I keep looking at the two cakes in the back till I feel a sharp pain on one of my feet.
“Seth, I’m warning you about those cakes.  They are for everyone and only after you are finished speaking.  Why didn’t you give the blessing?”  I point at my mouth.  I can’t talk it is full of food.  Karen shakes her head and says something to Marissa.  I look around the table and search deep into each of the faces surrounding me.  I can’t believe we are the ones who were chosen to survive that awful virus.  I figure there must be something each of us can offer to this world to allow us to survive.  I even look at Jason and figure he’s got to be good for something.  I just wish he wasn’t seated so close to Marissa and Baby Seth.  I see Jim down near the cakes.  He looks like he’s actually enjoying himself.  He’s talking to Evan who is seated next to him.  I hope they’re not talking about Evan trying to run for the Director.  Finally everyone has finished and I stand up.  I look in the large mirror opposite me on the other side of the room and I imagine myself as the President speaking at an important dinner.  I even imagine myself with a white powdered wig.  I sure hope my talks with Abe and George pay off.  I slowly look around the room and all eyes are focused on me.  I wonder if they are thinking the same thing that I am that I look presidential.  I spend the next fifteen minutes talking about Michael and all he has done for us here and how brave he was to travel all the way from California to be here with us.  I see a lot of tears.  He was a good guy.  I’m not sure how to change the subject so I look at Tim who is standing near the door and I suggest we have a piece of cake in Michael’s memory. Karen shakes her head in my direction.  Her neck must get really tired.  I then inform everyone that Jim is going to speak next about something very dangerous and it has nothing to do with tigers.  I watch surprise take over all their faces.  I start to stand up to get a piece of cake but Karen pushes me back down and tells me to wait till it comes around.  I want to tell her it’s not fair because they are starting from the back but she doesn’t look happy.  I hope she liked my words about Michael, especially the cake part.  Finally the cake comes to me, I try and grab two pieces but Karen takes the second one away so I quickly begin eating It so if there’s any chance for seconds I’m first in line.  Karen looks at me in disgust.  Jim immediately stands up to begin talking.  I notice he hasn’t even touched his cake, but Karen is already shaking her head no so I sit back and listen instead.  He speaks for about thirty minutes on the large wild fire he thinks is possibly closing in on us.  I think about standing up and doing a rain dance.  He says we need to come up with a plan and many of us volunteer ideas from getting into the bunker to heading out to sea on boats.  I think we eventually come up with the idea to find a place on the waterfront to prepare in case we have to quickly move out but I’m having a tough time concentrating on him with extra cake nearby.  He says we should be able to determine how far away it is within the next day or two.  He even asks is anyone has noticed how gray the sky is getting, I immediately nod.  I hope Karen is impressed with my observation skills.  We decide to set up a twenty-four hour watch from the rooftop of the White House, and if anyone sees fire they are to immediately wake the rest of us up and we will evacuate.  Jim said he is already preparing the Suburban’s to transport us if necessary.  Believe it or not, they still work after our journey to and from California last year.  I think about asking if he can get the limo to work as well but from the look on Karen’s face I figure maybe it’s not the best time.  He continues talking about the dangers of smoke and carbon monoxide which brings tension to everyone’s face including mine.  This is really getting scary. We can’t afford to lose anyone else now, especially after we just lost Michael.  I watch excitedly as the cake comes around again and I’m happy that everyone is passing on the last two pieces. As soon as it comes to me, I grab the larger of the two and begin eating again.  I don’t even hear the rest of Jim’s talk.  The next thing I know everyone is getting up and heading to their rooms.  I look back and see if there are any extra pieces left over and I see Jim’s but as soon as I start to head over there I feel Karen pulling me the other way.
“Seth, we need to go do what Jim asked us.”
“What did he say?”  I try and take one last look behind me.
“Don’t even think about it Seth.  We have a lot of work to do.”
“Tonight is bowling night.”  I say, “Eighties night too.”
“Enough with the jokes Seth, this is serious.”
“Who’s joking, what did he say to do?”
“We have to pack and load our stuff into one of the Suburban’s so we’re ready to go in case the fire gets too close.”  She grabs my hand.  “You really need to start to listen. You’re the Director Seth.”  I want to tell her to be careful because she is holding my bowling hand but I remain quiet.  “You need to set the example.  A lot of the younger guys look up to you.”
“Really?”
“Yes, really, now let’s go get us ready.  This could get really bad and I don’t want Marissa in any danger.”
“Or Baby Seth.”
“Get upstairs Seth Winston before I beat you over the head.”
I somehow end up with the first shift from 8:00 to 9:00, so I stand on the south side of the roof and look off into Virginia.  I don’t see anything or smell anything. I even pretend I’m a Secret Service Sniper for a while pretending to take shots to save the President.  I pretend to squeeze a pretend trigger and say “bang” until I jump so high that I almost fall off the roof when Evan shows up for the next shift.  I tell him everything is clear and head back down to our room.  Karen is still packing up duffle bags. I notice they don’t have the presidential Seal on them.
“See anything up there?”
“Just a whole lot of nothing.”  I watch her throw a few of my shirts into a bag.
“You don’t seem that worried about this.”
“I am, it’s just I don’t see anything in the sky and I can barely smell any smoke.”  I watch as she looks at me oddly.”
“You were the one who agreed with Jim the most about the gray sky.”  
I hope she isn’t on to me about my agreeing with Jim to appear smart, so I quickly say, “It was cloudy.”
“Oh Seth, why don’t you help me pack.”  I reach into the bottom drawer of my dresser and hand her my two favorite bowling shirts.  I found them in a closet near the alley a few months ago.  I think they might have been worn by a President.  “Why do you need these?”
“You never know they may have a bowling alley where we’re going.  I can’t lose my game.”
“Seth we might be living on a boat again.”
“It will be like old times on the old Jupiter 6 except for Jason.”  I hand her a pair of shorts.
“You really didn’t hear anything Jim said did you?”  I shake my head.
“He’s got a boat lined up that should fit us all, even your son-in-law Jason who is doing a great job taking care of your daughter and future grandchild I should add.”
I nod and somehow I actually end up going to sleep before 10:00 PM tonight. I’ll have to let Karen know how stressful a job it is being the Director.  It feels like not even twenty minutes later when Karen and I are jolted up in bed by the sound of Jim’s scratchy voice on the loudspeaker.  I look at the clock and see it’s 2:00 AM.  He’s calling out that we need to leave now, the fire has moved in closer.  I wonder if I’ll be able to see the gray sky now.  I walk over to the window and try and look out until I feel Karen grabbing my arm and putting one of the duffel bag handles in it.  I can feel the tension in her hands.
“Let’s go Seth.  You heard him we have to leave now.”
I step out into the hallway and rub my eyes, the lights are so bright.  I see Jason go running by, so much for any chance of him not hearing the message.  I quickly look into Marissa’s room and see her gathering her things.
“You think we’ll be okay Dad?”
I gently touch her hand and rub her belly.  Someone once told me it’s good luck to rub a pregnant woman’s belly so I do it every time I see her and so far Karen hasn’t told me to stop.  “We should be fine honey.  I think we’re just moving out just in case the fire comes closer.  I was just watching the weather channel before and they’re calling for rain the next few days.”
“Oh Dad, I love you.”  I think about asking her if she ever says that to Jason, but Jim’s voice bellows out above us that we’re leaving in five minutes.  A minute later we quickly run downstairs and near the front door.  I start humming lions, tigers and bears again till Karen grabs my arm and tells me it’s not the right time.  I know I won’t be the first one out the door.  I walk over to the window and see a bunch of Suburban’s lined up on the circle driveway, no limo.  It looks like Jason and Evan are seated behind the wheel of the closest two.  A minute later, the door opens and Jim is telling us to go.  As soon as I step outside I forget all about the tigers because the air is thick and smells like smoke.  I can’t believe it.  It reminds me of being near a large bonfire.  I try and look up at the sky but all I see above me is a thick gray blanket.  I run to the nearest suburban, I hope it’s not the one Jason is driving.  I jump in and feel Marissa and Karen squeeze in next to me in the rear seat.  I want to ask Karen if I should sit in the front seat since I am the Director, but she pushes me in further as Connick slides next to us, so much for preferential treatment.  I can see all the headlights behind us cutting through the smoky air. Luckily the Suburban smells like gas since were using Jim’s fuel invention we used to get to California a while back.  I can’t believe it still works.  I look back and see the White House quickly disappearing in the smoky air.  The tires are navigating the bumpy roads as we head towards the waterfront. I can feel every bump. Karen squeezes my hand as we speed up.  I can’t even see the other vehicles now. I hope Evan knows where he is going.  I’m not too worried about Jason’s vehicle behind us but I don’t say anything out loud.  A few minutes later we pull up to the waterfront.  It’s the same place we first came ashore two years ago after somehow surviving the virus.  I still remember when we first stepped ashore amidst all the bodies and gruesome sights.  It’s almost like we have come full circle now that we are heading back out on a boat.   We are quickly shuffle out of the truck and onto the dock and onto a large flat boat.  I think it is one of the boats that used to go out every night for dinner and dancing.  I’ll have to ask Karen if she wants to go one night.  
“See how hard everyone has been working to get this ready Seth.”
“Where was I when they were doing all this?”  
“That’s what I want to know?”
I try and think back to what I have been doing the last day or two especially yesterday. The only thing I remember is sleeping in the Oval Office. I guess I’ll keep that quiet.  “I think I was working in my office all day.”
“Working on what?”
“You know being the Director.”
“It must be exhausting work because every time I go down there you’re sound asleep.”
I don’t have time to answer because the next thing I hear is Jim yelling for everyone to get inside and seal off the doors.  It is getting very smoky. As soon as I step aboard, I’m happy when I see Tim up ahead.  I hope he brought his cake ingredients.


Chapter 7 

I’m in the pilot house now as we are trying to make our way down the Potomac.  I have never seen fog like this before, luckily “The Washington” has plenty of navigation equipment.  Since I’m the boat expert I’m holding the wheel and taking us under the 495 bridge near Alexandria.  I wish Karen were up here now, she would be so proud and wouldn’t still be telling me I do nothing to help around here.  I should probably tell her I haven’t even bothered Tim yet.  Our GPS is guiding us right down the center of the river.  I’m not sure how they got the fuel on The Washington, but the gauge says full and the GPS is working.  I think our plan is to get far enough out and then throw the anchor, so we can try and survive.  Jim and Evan are on each side of me looking at charts and the instruments.  I notice I’m holding the wheel so firmly that my knuckles are turning white, I’m glad I have been doing all that exercise lately.  We’re moving along fairly quickly. I think I heard Evan call out that we were doing fifteen knots.  I just hope it’s fast enough so we don’t all die of smoke inhalation.  I can’t see anything out any of the windows so were strictly relying on instruments something I have had plenty of practice doing.  Before all this happened we owned many boats our final being The Jupiter 6 which is the one that actually saved our lives from the virus.  We were vacationing far out in the Atlantic and somehow were spared.  The Washington definitely handles a little different than our sailboat.  It turns much easier and travels much quicker, but the dense smoke is causing me a little uneasiness. It’s over a hundred feet long and is mostly enclosed.  It is used for mostly dinner and dancing parties so there is plenty of room for all of us with its long flat eating and dancing areas.  I turn the wheel slightly starboard as we pass Mount Vernon. I feel like waving to George but with all this smoke he probably won’t be able to see us.  I wonder what the tigers are doing now.  I try and look towards the shore.  I know were not that far away from it.  I hope they don’t get any ideas to try and swim to our boat.  We continue up the river and I actually speed up a little the further out we go.  It’s still smoky but Jim says it will clear out once we get far enough away from shore.  I look back behind us and shutter seeing the wall of gray.  I wonder if we’ll ever be able to return.  I won’t be able to start my circus.  I already miss my bowling alley and bike but I don’t say anything I just concentrate on keeping the boat on the right course.  Luckily there isn’t much boat traffic at this time of the night so we don’t have to worry about that.  I decide not to say that out loud with Jim standing so close by.  I wonder how he feels being this far away from his lab, maybe all the glass windows on this boat will make him feel right at home.  I just hope he doesn’t get any ideas about starting one out here.
“How far out do you think we’ll have to go?”
I watch Jim look at the chart in his hand.  “It could be like this till we get to the ocean.”
“That could take a while.”
He nods.  “That’s okay as long as we have the GPS we should be okay.”  I think back again to two years ago when we were coming the other way heading towards DC from the ocean.  Especially the first time we laid our eyes upon a boat full of people who had died from the virus.  It was so scary and now we are leaving that all behind.
“I was hoping we would see some clearing by now, but it’s just as I had feared the fire is all around us.”
“What about fuel?”  I look at the gauge in front of me still indicating a full tank.”
“I’m not sure.”  I don’t know if I should fall out of my seat or not, but it think that is the first time I have ever heard Jim say he doesn’t know what to do.  I look at Evan he is watching the GPS screen.  “I was hoping we wouldn’t have to go this far.”
“I was looking forward to a nice dinner cruise with dancing and dessert after.”  I say.  Jim and Evan have no reaction, so much for trying to lighten up these guys.
“We might be able to find something near Norfolk where we can fuel up.  I brought the equipment we used to fuel the Suburban’s. Hopefully it will work for this too.”  I decide to just nod again and make him think I agree.  “Do you think we have enough to get us down there?”
“I don’t know. If it stays like this we should be okay.”  I watch as he peers over his thick glasses and looks out one of the windows.  “There should be something closer if we need it.”
“Probably, but that means someone has to go outside and fuel us up and as thick as the smoke is getting I don’t think they would make it.”
I want to say we can have the dock boy do it at a marina, but he probably won’t think that is funny either.  I wonder if the guy has ever even laughed.  I watch as Evan exits the door behind us and heads back to where everyone else is.  I wonder if they all went back to sleep.  I hope they’re not eating yet.  I try and see if I can smell food, but all I smell is smoke.
“Luckily this boat is airtight sealed or the smoke would be pouring in here.”
“Will a good rain stop the fire?”
“It won’t stop it but it will definitely slow it down.  I’ve been trying to figure out if there is any rain in the forecast but with this smoke the last few days I haven’t been able to see.”  I wonder if I should tell him about Weather.com.   “Let’s just keep up hope.  Are you okay up here for a while?  I’m going to go check on the equipment.”  I nod.  A minute later he exits the same door that Evan went through.  For a second I think about following him so I can see if there is any food, but I stay at the wheel watching the thick smoke blow past the wheelhouse window.  We are located at the very bow of the boat so if there is any clearing we will be the first to see it.  I look around and try to imagine myself as the captain of The Washington and I have a full cruise full of diners behind me.  It feels so good to think about it.  I can almost smell the roast beef and feel the vibrations of the dancing music till I hear the door open behind me and Karen walks in.
“You okay up here Captain?  How does she sail?”  I feel her warm hand on my shoulder.
“Like an old barge.  Can you believe how much smoke is out there?”
“No, I think we got on there just in time, imagine if we were still back at the White House.”
“I wonder if I could still see the pins on the bowling alley.”
“Oh Seth, you and your bowling, now close your eyes and hold out your hands. I have a surprise for you.”
“But I have to keep looking ahead at the river.”
“Seth there’s a wall three feet thick of smoke out there.”  I laugh and close my eyes and hold out my hands.  I hope I don’t get bit by a tiger.  A minute later I feel something cold and flat, at least it’s not soft a furry.  “Open up your eyes.”  I look down and see a plate filled with bread and some kind of meat and what looks like cheese, “Made especially for my captain.”  I immediately take a large bite.  I can’t believe how good it tastes.  I try to say something but Karen holds her finger up to her lips so I keep chewing.
“Thank you so much.  How did you know?”  I take another large bite and see there are cookies underneath.  I try and smile.
“Seth, besides bowling and sleeping in the Oval Office food is probably your next favorite thing.”
“Don’t forget you.”  I place my arms around her letting go of the wheel for a second.
“I’m not really sure if I want to know where I fit on your priorities.  I love you Seth.”
“I love you too.”  I lean over to kiss her.
“Seth your mouth is completely full. I don’t think it is a good time to be kissing.”  I try and swallow but there’s too much food.  “Don’t worry I have a bottle of water for you too.”  I watch her pull a twelve ounce bottle of water from her jacket pocket and hand it to me.
“What would I do without you?”
“The answer to that question Seth really scares me.”  She places her hands back on my shoulder as I grab the wheel again and aim the bow directly through the dark smoke. “Are you worried?”
“I look out all the windows.  “I don’t know anymore.  I mean we have been through everything and we’re still here so I think this is just another battle, but with Marissa and Baby Seth everything is different now.”  I feel a tear forming in my eye.
“I know Seth and I trust you. We all trust that you’ll get us to safety, and he’s not called Baby Seth so you better get that out of your thick skull.”  She playfully swats my arm.  “In fact earlier I suggested to them the name of Jason and the both agreed that would be perfect.”
“What?”  I try and catch my breath.  “Jason…no not another Jason Mason.  I think one is enough.”  
I watch as Karen bends over laughing.  “If you could see your face right now Seth.  I’m only kidding.  Now go back to driving the boat.  I’m going to go and check on everyone.”  She leans in and gives me a kiss on my cheek and heads back through the door.  I take a deep breath and then another bite and keep following the GPS.  I look at my watch. I can’t believe we have already been going for almost three hours and the smoke hasn’t let up yet.  Jim was right the fire is all around us.  I notice the fuel indicator has gone down slightly and is almost at three quarters.  There’s no way were going to make it to the ocean.


Chapter 8


Several hours have passed and the sun has arisen, though with all the smoke we still can’t see a thing.  The GPS, which has become my new best friend says we are somewhere in the middle of the Bay heading south en-route on the Intracoastal Waterway.  The fuel gauge has dropped to about the halfway point, but Jim tells me not to worry about it because he thinks with his fuel machine we’ll be able to fill up somewhere, but I’m worried.  Karen brought me another sandwich a few minutes ago so at least I’m still getting fuel. I think I’m somewhere near my full mark but don’t tell Karen that because I’m hoping for more cookies.  She said everyone was awake and they’re all rearranging everything in the back to make it somewhat more comfortable.   I guess they never imagined these boats would be used for anything more than dinner and dancing.  I’m up here all alone again, Evan keeps going in the back, I’ll have to somehow make sure he’s not eating all the cookies and Jim is trying to get all the equipment ready.  He said he has large fish nets back there as well as his fuel machine.  I wanted to tell him how much I like smoked salmon but I figured he wouldn’t laugh if he got the joke anyway, maybe I’ll save it for Karen later.  I haven’t let go of the wheel except for about five minutes when I took a head break off the starboard side.  I am back to using my nautical terms again but no one seems to notice so I keep pretending that I’m captaining a large Naval ship and I’m ordering my imaginary crew.  Remember Karen says I like to order people around and I’ll admit it is kind of fun.  I wonder if I should get Jason and a few of the younger guys up here so I can try it out.  Maybe I can order them to jump overboard.  I keep looking out all the windows hoping I will see a break in the smoke but it just stays the same.  I’m not so sure about Jim saying the ship is airtight because it seems to be smelling more and more like smoke and I’m actually starting to cough a little.   “Torpedo port side.”  I yell out.  “Man the battle stations.”  I quickly turn the wheel starboard feeling the huge hull react underneath me.  “Fire…fire.”  I scream.
“Seth…Seth.  What are you doing?” I look back and Karen has her head in the door with that same expression she always has for me on her face.  “We can hear you screaming from back here.”
“Sorry.  I guess I got a little carried away.”
“A little?”  She steps all the way into the pilot house.  “I think it’s time you take a break.  I’m going to go get Evan.”
“I’m fine…really.”
“Seth you’re yelling about torpedoes.  Besides, I have more cookies out here.”  A minute later she returns with Evan and Connick who take over the wheel.  I offer them both a salute.  “Okay Seth, enough.  Let’s go.”
I’ll be back soon guys.  Let me know if you need anything.  Watch out for torpedoes.” I feel a hand on my back pushing me out the door. “
“Enough Seth.”
I walk into a large room full of tables and chairs.  Everyone is seated and either eating or reading something.  I try and look and make sure they’re not eating cookies but Karen is leading me towards the back quickly. We enter another room, much smaller than the other one.  They have removed all the chairs and tables from here and replaced everything with blankets and sleeping bags on the floor.  We walk to the corner in the back where I recognize the two duffle bags and blankets Karen packed.  I wonder if it would be a good time to change into my bowling outfit, but Karen points at a blanket and tells me to get down.  I immediately lie down. I wonder if I’ll get a cookie since I listened so well.  Next thing she says is go to sleep, I start to protest but she is already leaving, so much for the cookie.  As soon as I lie down I feel my eyes close.  I can’t believe how tired I am. Who knew being a Naval Captain was so exhausting.  I have no idea how long it has been but I wake up feeling Karen shaking my arm.  I try and tell her I was in the process of sinking a German U-Boat when she woke me up but she doesn’t seem too impressed.  I see she has cookies in her hand so I sit right up for my reward.
“How are you feeling Seth?”
“Much better,” I say grabbing the cookies and the bottle of water.
“They’re going to need you up front in a few minutes. Jim said we need to stop for fuel soon.”  I slowly stand up and look out the large glass windows covering the interior and see the thick smoke still trying to get in.”
“Still smoky out there huh?”
“Yep, it hasn’t let up yet.”
“How long have I been asleep?”  I watch as Karen looks down at her watch.  I want to ask her why she doesn’t have a Rolex like I do.  I took mine from a jewelry store near the White House, but my mouth is too full of chocolate chip cookies.  “About six hours.”
“Wow.  We should be almost to Norfolk by now.”
“I don’t know. It’s so thick out there there’s no way to tell.”  I swallow the rest of the cookies and the water and walk towards the pilot house.  I pass through the table and chair area.  Everyone is still seated at the tables.  I noticed a few people were sleeping near me when I woke up, but I figured Karen would tell me not to worry about it if I asked who they were so I didn’t say anything.  I walk into the pilot house.  Jim and Evan are at the wheel again.  I guess Connick finished his shift.  I wonder if he’s getting his cookies now too.
“So where are we now?”  I try and look at the GPS, but everything looks fuzzy.  I guess my eyes haven’t fully woken up yet.
“We’re still a few hours away, but we need fuel very soon.  Any ideas on where we should try?”  I quickly rub my eyes and look over Jim’s shoulder at the chart he’s holding.
“I would say we try one of these inlets near Hampton.”  I watch Jim nod.  I’m glad he still thinks I’m smart.  I wish Karen were here to see this.
“The question is who is going to go out there and do it if we find one and how are we going to see it.”
“I know just the guy.”  I immediately think of Jason.
“I’m just not sure we’ll be able to find a pump, especially one that is still working.  It’s not going to matter who goes out there.”  We both look at Evan.
“He’s right Jim.  How can we see through this smoke?”
“Let’s just go as far as we can and hope it clears up.”
I lean over and look at the fuel gauge. It’s down to a quarter.  “You think we’ll make it?”
“I don’t think we have a choice.”
“He’s right there’s no point in trying to stop at a marina if we can’t even see anything.” Evan says.  He turns the wheel slightly.  I nod my head again and look at Jim.  He is studying the chart again.  “You want to take the wheel?”  I nod and nervously take over from Evan.  If we run out of fuel we will wash up on shore and probably all die from either smoke inhalation or drown.  I try not to think of Marissa and Baby Seth.
“Let’s pray we make it guys.”  I nod at Jim again.  There’s nothing I can say.  I grip the wheel a little tighter and keep my eyes on the GPS.  It’s late afternoon now, visibility is going to get worse once darkness moves in.  Karen would be proud of me, I’m not even thinking about dinner yet.  She would probably say something about how I’ve got my priorities straight.  I hope no one notices my fingers being crossed.  I look over at both Jim and Evan’s tense faces.  They are all staring straight ahead looking for some kind of break in the smoke.  I still can’t believe it isn’t coming inside.  Another hour or so goes by and no one says anything.  We all keep any eye on the gauge. It is slowly getting lower and lower.  I wonder if I should tell Jim we’re up the creek without a paddle.  I haven’t seen Karen or anyone else come into the pilot house.  I wonder if it’s as tense back there as it is up here, at least they have cookies.   I think about yelling “torpedo” again but after Karen’s lecture I figure I better be quiet so I just keep The Washington on course to wherever it is we end up.  I can almost see the gauge dropping with my eyes it looks like were near empty now and there still isn’t a break in the smoke.  We’re going to have to do something quick.  I look at Jim and Evan both of them are still staring ahead hoping for some kind of miracle.  I hear the door open behind us I look back and see Karen, it is some kind of miracle because she’s holding a plate of cookies and three bottles of water.  She offers both Evan and Jim cookies first and they both decline so I begin gathering them all up in my hands till I feel my forearm being pinched.
“Anything yet guys?”
“It doesn’t look like it’s going to clear up any time soon I’m afraid.  I can’t believe how extensive a fire this is.”  I watch Jim shake his head and look out the port window behind him.
“How much longer do you think we’ll last?”
“I’d say if that fuel gauge is accurate we’re looking at under an hour.  I would start getting them prepared back there.”
“What do you want me to tell them?”  She looks at each of us for a few seconds.
Jim answers, and I keep thinking I’m still the Director.  I wonder if he’s planning on a run.  I grab another cookie.  “Just let them know we will run out of fuel soon and we’ll start drifting and probably hit something eventually and…”
“I’ll let them know.”  She squeezes my hand and I watch her go back through the door.  I hope it’s not the last time I see her.  I grab the wheel tighter and turn it slightly starboard as the GPS indicates.   I look at the plate of cookies Karen left on the small table next to me and I don’t even grab another one.  I just stare at the fuel gauge as it points at empty.  I’m waiting for the engine to go out and then it will just be a matter of time till we go under.  I wonder if I should go down with the ship or try and breathe the smoke.  I can’t decide on which one will be less painful.  I suddenly swing the wheel hard to the port side, the left for you non-boaters.
“What are you doing Seth?”  Jim yells out.  I watch as the plate of cookies slides off the table and crashes onto the floor.  For a second I think of the three second rule but then I continue turning the wheel keeping my eyes on the GPS screen.
“I’m heading towards that.”  I point at a spot on the chart.  It’s a small inlet a few miles north of Norfolk.
“Why?”  Evan asks holding on to a teak rail as the boat rumbles underneath.
“It’s our only hope. If we don’t find fuel we’ll be dead.”
“I hope you know what you’re doing because I think we could have made it to the ocean.” Evan screams.  Jim doesn’t say anything he just stares out the window.  I wonder if I’ll still have his vote next time.  I’ll have to compliment Tim on the cookies later so I know I’ll get his.  I continue guiding The Washington towards the inlet.  I’m just hoping we don’t hear a crash. If we do, I definitely won’t win Director next time.  The next few minutes feel like hours as the small triangle shows us approaching land.  We will probably strike at any time.  I just hope it’s not rocks.  Somehow we keep moving as the triangle shows us going into the inlet perfectly, I just hope were still in the water. I haven’t felt us hit anything yet so I guess that’s a good sign.  I’m not sure what we’ll find at the end or even if we’ll make it, but the next thing I hear is the engine sputter and then nothing but silence.  We’re out of fuel.  We didn’t make it.  
   




Chapter 9


       I feel the hull drifting below us.  There’s nothing we can do now except wait and see where we end up, but it’s only a matter of time till it will all be over anyway.  I look at Evan. He 
is watching the GPS. I wonder if he was right if we had kept going we would have made it to the ocean where the smoke would be less, too late now, I think.  The future of mankind is now in my hands on my decision to turn and Karen said being the Director involves sleeping all day.  Too bad she’s not up here now to see the stress I’m going through.   I look up at the GPS screen again and it shows the triangle touching the land so we have to be close now.  I grab the intercom microphone and call back for everyone to brace for impact.  I feel like a pilot on an airplane telling his passengers we’re going to crash.  I try not to think of Karen and Marissa and I kind of hope Jason didn’t hear me.   A minute later we feel it, right in front of us on the bow, we strike something hard.  It’s my biggest fear, any boaters fear is to hit a rock because it will put a hole in you just like the unsinkable Titanic.  I wonder if someone will make a movie about us. I try and think of a good theme song, but the impact causes me to lose my balance and bang into the door. I end up on the floor.  I start looking for the cookies. I feel like yelling torpedo again.  I struggle back to my feet unsure what to do so I reach up and grab at the wheel to brace myself.  I can already feel the boat listing to the port side.
“Let’s go check out the damage.”  Jim yells out.  I follow him out the door.  I can see Karen and Marissa huddled together wearing life jackets like everyone else, luckily there’s no sign of Jason.  I wave and watch them both nervously wave back.  We race down the steps and into the bow area where all the extra tables and chairs and boating equipment are kept at.  We immediately see the water gushing into the hull.  It doesn’t look like there’s any way to stop it.  The hole’s about a foot wide and maybe two feet high so it’s pretty large.  I can see a large rock jading through it.  
“Think you can stop it?” 
 Jim shakes his head, “No, but let’s at least try and slow it down.”  We grab two tables and some sheets and shove them into the hole knowing it’s not going to hold.  Behind us I hear voices.  Jason and Thomas are coming.  I want to say I have just the right thing to fit in the hole and point at Jason but we quickly begin gathering more sheets and anything within arm’s reach to stop the water.  It’s already covering my shoes and these are one of my new pairs.  I’ll have to let Karen know I was right about keeping all those extra shoes.  We keep this process up for the next twenty minutes but the water is rising to almost our knees.  It is hopeless.  “Let’s go guys.  This isn’t doing any good.”  I take one last look and follow them up the stairs.  I consider asking Jason if he wants to volunteer to stay down here but then I see Karen at the top of the stairs so I don’t say anything.  I can see she is already shaking her head.
“It’s raining outside…it’s raining outside.”  I hear her yelling.
“I hate the rain. I think we forgot my Presidential umbrella too.”  I yell back causing Jim, Jason and Thomas to turn around and look at me.
“Seth you don’t understand it’s raining hard.  I think there is a thunderstorm going on out there.”
“Remember I told you we should pack my raincoat.”
“Someone tell my smart husband what that means.”
I watch Jim stop at the top step and slowly turn around.  “It means the storm is going to blow some of the smoke out of here and we should be able to go outside and breathe.”
“Let’s go.”  I yell back pushing Jason aside and jumping through the door.
“Let’s wait till the last possible minute to give it some time.  I think we still have a little while till she goes under.”
“Seth, you did it.  You saved us.”  Karen gives me a big hug.
“That was a smart move you did back there, turning into the inlet.”  I nod at Jim.
“What about the cookies?”
“Oh Seth.”
“He’s right, we should gather up the food and any other supplies we can because who knows where we will be after this.”  The boat suddenly drops down a few more feet into the water below us.  I follow Karen back to our corner and we gather all our stuff together in the two duffle bags.  The inside of the boat is getting lighter and lighter by the minute.  I can actually see outside a few feet.  The smoke is finally letting up.
“Look Seth.  We can see.”  I look out the other side and I think I can see trees and grass but I’m not sure if my eyes are playing tricks on me or not so I look back at our bags.  “Please put this on Seth.”  I nod as Karen hands me a life jacket.  I wonder if I should ask her if it’s a good time to change into my orange bowling shirt since it would match so well but we feel the boat sink down even more.  I’m not sure how much more time we have.   I look and see Marissa coming towards us with her bag. The only other person I need to find is Tim and I don’t see him so hopefully he’s up front getting the food together.  I wonder if Karen would let me go help him.  I start to walk away but she grabs my life jacket.  “Seth, please stay with us till we get to safety.  You know where we are right?”
“A little outside of Norfolk.”   We feel the boat drop again.  The next thing we hear is Jim’s voice on the loudspeaker that we need to get off now.  I look behind me and I can see trees.  It looks like we’re near some kind of grassy field, but it’s hard to tell with the rain and remaining smoke.  Karen and I follow everyone out one of the glass doors.  I’m not really sure what to expect when we get outside, but as soon as I do I feel the rain and wind blowing down my back.  I look back at Karen to tell her about the umbrella but she is already shaking her head so I keep walking.  I can see Marissa and Jason up ahead, so much for him going down with the ship.  We step up onto the boat’s railing and jump across to the field. It’s only about a foot across so we don’t even get wet. I wonder if everyone is impressed with my boating skills now.  The air’s not too bad, I can still smell traces of smoke but the storm has cleared most of it out, at least enough so we can breathe safely.  And to think Karen didn’t want to see my rain dance, I wonder if she’s willing to watch now.  We keep walking into a large grassy field about the size of a football field surrounded by large green trees.  The grass is almost up to my waist and I want to tell everyone to watch out for snakes but after the tigers I keep my mouth shut and keep walking.  I’m not really sure where we’re going or whose leading us but we walk all the way to the edge of the field and stop under a large tree that has so many leaves and branches that it acts like a large umbrella, maybe Karen understands now why I wanted to bring the umbrella.  I look around and see all the familiar faces.  The infants are covered in a huge thick blanket. I can’t even see their faces, but I can hear them.  Jim and Evan are talking nearby and I even smile seeing Tim sitting on a large cooler that I hope is full of food.  I wonder if I should suggest lunch since there are no restaurants nearby, but just as I’m about to say something a large crashing sound comes from near the water.  I look over and see the rest of the Washington sink underwater, the only thing we can see now is the top of the pilot house.   I sure hope Tim got all the cookies, because as Karen will tell you I hate it when they are soggy.
“All right everyone.  Please look around and make sure you see everyone who is supposed to be here.”  Jim yells out.
“What if we see someone who shouldn’t be here?”  I call back.
“Seth stop it.”  I look at Karen and then at Jason.  Everyone else just ignores me.  I’m glad it’s not election time now, though it would be a good time for a speech.  I try and think of what I should say for my first stump.
“Why don’t we eat something?”  Tim asks causing everyone to nod their heads.  I run over to the cooler and help Tim open it up.  A minute later I’m seated back by Karen eating a sandwich.  He has the good bread too.  I wonder how he did it. Maybe I should add that to my campaign promise.  Karen just looks at me and joins the rest of them in a line near Tim.  She is still shaking her head, but I don’t watch in between bites.  A little while later, after everyone has had something to eat, I try and get more but Karen shakes her head.  Jim tells us we should walk further inland and look for shelter.  I wonder if I should let him know I belong to the Hilton Club.  We walk along the tree-line stepping on soggy grass. It almost feels like we’re going to step into a sink hole any minute. I’m really starting to miss the comforts of the White House, but I don’t say anything because Karen is right next to me.  No one is talking at all. I think we’re all just wondering how we got into this mess and if this is the end.  It’s definitely getting colder and the rain is coming down harder.  I hold up my hand and pretend to hold an umbrella but even Karen just looks the other way so I know she must be really miserable.  I wonder if I’ll hear about it later, maybe there won’t be a later I think.  I look back at Marissa, she’s right behind Karen and Jason.  I can see the determined look in her face and the small bump that is forming under her shirt from Baby Seth so I decide that we must make it and go on despite the rain and no umbrella or rain coat.  It must be hours later when we finally reach what looks like a road of some sort though it’s hard to tell with all the growth underneath us but at least we don’t feel like we’re going to sink ten feet in the ground, though it would probably be quite a bit warmer and drier.  The little sunlight we had is starting to fade as well so I hope we find something soon, because as Karen will tell you I’m afraid of the dark too.  There’s got to be something around here, we’re only miles from Norfolk but as the darkness is quickly moving in I’m beginning to wonder.  I look behind us and see everyone trudging along, Evan and Thomas are pushing and carrying the babies.  They look exhausted.  I want to say maybe Jason should take a turn but I think I might be able to use this against him later so I keep quiet.  Lawrence and Susan look like they’ve reached their endpoint.  I’m so glad I took up bike riding and bowling,  maybe I should talk to Karen about me putting out some DVD’s on fitness.  We might even be able to sell them, especially to everyone in the back.  I’m not sure what would happen if we stopped here. I’m guessing some of us wouldn’t make it, especially the babies because of the cold and wet.  I guess it’s not a good time for my survival of the fittest speech.  We must have traveled miles by now because my feet are starting to hurt.  I’m glad no one has asked me to help with the babies.  I’ve been trying to stay just far enough away from Karen so she can’t make any suggestions.  The rain is still falling and every so often we hear a crack of thunder and a flash of lightning that cause me to jump every time.  I wonder if that’s why they haven’t asked me to help since they see me doing all this extra jumping.  I really am thinking I need a break.  I wish they would stop up there.  Maybe Tim could cook us up something.  I wonder how he’s doing with that big cooler he’s pulling.  I hope his arms won’t be too tired to be able to cook later.  I can’t believe it they are finally stopping in front of me.  Maybe Jim can read minds too.  We all stop and fall to the ground.  I don’t care how wet it is.  I watch as each of us takes a seat.  I can feel the firm blacktop somewhere beneath me.
“Why don’t we take a break here for a while?”  Jim slowly walks around to everyone.  I wonder why he isn’t sitting. Maybe he does more in that lab than we know about.  “Tim can you get us some nourishment?  You need a hand?”  I finally see Tim for the first time and smile seeing that giant cooler right next to him.  I watch as a few of us go to assist him.  I hope I can be first in line.
“I can heat some stuff up.”  Tim stands up and holds up a lighter.  “You think we can find anything dry to start a fire with?”
“Just reach for the very bottom in those woods, especially the stuff under the thick trees.” Jim points at the heavily wooded areas across from us.
“Go help them find some sticks Seth.”  Karen says besides me.
“What about snakes?  You know how they like to hide under logs and stuff.”  I suddenly feel a pinch on my arm again.
“Seth, get up now and find some branches.”  I quickly get up and follow a few others into the thick woods.  I’m keeping my eyes down for anything shiny and moving.  A little while later we return with some branches that aren’t too wet, luckily no snakes.  Tim somehow gets them to catch fire.  I guess he was in the Boy Scouts or something.   In a few minutes he has a nice fire about a foot tall crackling through the air.  The rain has almost stopped now allowing the fire to burn.
“Why don’t we do a bonfire?”  I yell out.  “Anyone up for s’mores?”
“Seth.  Stop it.”  Karen yells.  Have I told you lately how much she loves me?
“That’s not a bad idea.”  Jim says walking over to the fire.  “We could build a big fire to keep us warm tonight.  We’ll take shifts watching it and keeping it going.”  I nod and smile at Karen who just shakes her head.  “Why don’t you guys go find as much dry wood as you can.”
I make a hissing sound and enter into the woods without Karen even telling me too, but I quickly come back when I smell food cooking.  No snakes again, though the hissing was fun.  I throw a few sticks on the fire and smile when it crackles.  I can feel the heat immediately warming my body, it feels so good.  I see Tim holding some plates near the fire.  I’m not sure what’s on them but it’s food and as usual I’m hungry so I pat Tim on the back.  I want to ask him if he can put together some kind of cake with this fire but he looks busy so I stand behind him and wait for my portion.  I hope there are some leftovers.  Eventually we all get something to eat.  It was warm and tasted like food.  I never asked what it was, unfortunately I didn’t get any leftovers and Karen was proud of me for not asking.  I’m on my shift to watch the fire and keep it going.  Evan and Jason are on the same shift.  They went into the woods to get more sticks.  I told them I would stay and monitor the fire.  Maybe Jason will find a snake out there.  I look around and see everyone else sound asleep on the cold wet grass, but at least the large fire is keeping them warm.  The babies are the closest. I’m standing between them and the fire.  I just hope they don’t wake up and start crying.  Karen and Marissa are curled up together behind me. I hope they save room for me after my shift is over.  I’ll have to go quickly so Jason doesn’t try and take my place, I’m keeping my fingers crossed that he finds that snake.  I’ll have to recommend him to look under the large logs out there when he comes back.   I can’t believe it. I just felt a raindrop and now a few more.  It’s starting to rain again. There goes the fire. Why does this stuff always happen on my shift?




Chapter 10

Since I was never a Boy Scout I have to wake up Jim.  Who knew he was such a sound sleeper.  I thought he was going to bite my head off when I tapped him.  Maybe he thought I was a snake.  He’s finally come to his senses and realizes it’s raining.  It’s only a little after midnight, so we still have a long way to go tonight.
“We need a cover.  Let’s grab some of those tarps Tim was using for the food.  You guys go get a couple of large sticks.”  I cringe because he’s looking at the three of us.  I want to say remember the snakes, but Jason and Evan take off into the woods so I don’t say anything and walk with Jim and get the tarps near where Tim is keeping the food.  I wonder if we make enough noise he’ll wake up and make us a snack.  I think it’s time for my midnight snack.  We quietly pull the two large tarps out and Jim fastens them to the sticks that Evan and Jason brought back and ten minutes later we have a cover over our fire.  I think it’s high enough that it won’t catch on fire but Jim said to keep an eye on it in case the wind starts up.  I watch as he goes right back to sleep.  I decide to stay on for another shift, I know there’s no way I can sleep on an empty stomach.  I try and dig through Tim’s stuff while Jason, Thomas and Lawrence go back in the woods and look for more sticks.  Jim mentioned pine cones too, so they are in search of those as well.    I find a box of crackers so I start eating them. They’re a little soggy but it’s food and as Karen will tell you I never miss my midnight snack or I can be very cranky in the morning.  I sit in front of the covered fire for the next hour till the next shift takes over.  The cover seems to be working to keep the fire going, but it’s not doing much for me when I lie down next to Karen and Marissa.  I think about waking up Karen and letting her know I was right about the umbrella, but instead I lie down and somehow I fall asleep within a matter of minutes.  The next thing I know I open my eyes and the sun is out and it’s not raining.  I quickly sit up and see Karen isn’t next to me.  I see her along with everyone else over by the fire.  It looks like they’re all eating so I jump to my feet and jog over near Tim.  He immediately hands me a plate of some kind of bread and sauce.  Not sure what it is again, but I start eating it and it is warm.  Karen just looks at me.  Everything looks so different now that the sun is out.  I can’t believe how large the pile of sticks we built up is.  It looks like it’s almost three or four feet high.  The thick woods look so much closer than I thought it was in the dark.  I wonder if I would have slept so well knowing I was that close to all those snakes.   I look up in the sky and can see the sun and a little blue sky.  It is still a little gray and hazy in places. I’ll have to let Jim know I can still see the gray. I can’t really smell anything other than the burning fire in front of me that is very hot standing as close to it as I am.   I look around and everyone appears to be awake, even the little ones.
“As soon as everyone is ready, I think we should keep moving while it’s light out.”  I watch as Jim walks to the far side of the fire.
“Does anyone have any idea which way we should go?”  Connick looks at Jim.
“I think we should stick to the road and see where it takes us.”
“What about the fire?”  I ask.
“We’ll put it out.”
“No I mean the wild fire that brought us here.” I say.
“We should be good for a few days after that heavy rainstorm.”  Jim looks up at the sky.
“I can see the gray.”  I yell out causing a few people to look at me oddly.  I wonder if Karen is proud of me for noticing.
“Yes, I’m sure the fire is still spreading, which is why we don’t have a lot of time to come up with a new plan.”  I look at Jim and then Karen and Marissa.  I can see the fear in their faces.
“Let’s go.”  I yell out and start walking slowly.  I look behind me expecting to see everyone following, but no one is moving.  Karen quickly races up to me and tells me I’m going back the way we just came from.  I quickly turn around and we slowly start moving.  A couple of guys stay back to put out the fire and clean up the area, I guess they’re probably worried about Park Rangers.  We walk for at least two hours.  I’m in the front with Jim.  I’m nodding a lot, at least at everything he says.  I hope Karen can see how smart I am.  We finally stop at the bottom of a large hill.  We’re still following the road. On top it looks like a small building.  I can’t tell if it’s a store or a house because of all the overgrowth, but from here it has walls and a roof so it’s better than being outside, funny thing is I used to love to be outside on our boat.  I would actually sleep in the cockpit instead of the cabin some nights, but now after two years in the White House under my Presidential comforter I prefer the inside.  I can’t believe how much I miss the White House.  I guess it’s true what they say having it and losing it is much harder than never having it and I really wish I was back home now.  I hope the bowling alley and my bike are okay.  I wonder if the tigers survived the fire.  I hope they don’t move into our White House.  I try not to picture a tiger in my bed. I hope they don’t like bowling.  
“What do you think Jim?”  I’m staring at the top of the hill.
“Let’s go check it out.”  Jim, Jason, Evan and I climb the hill while everyone else stays back.  The footing is slippery and muddy but after a few minutes we make it up.  We smile seeing what looks like a small town area.  There are several stores and houses.  I think one of them is a Seven-Eleven and a McDonalds.  I suggest we go get a few burgers, but no one laughs.  I wonder if they’re as hungry as I am.  We keep walking and end up standing in front of an old rundown motel.  It reminds me of one of those old motels from a horror movie.  I’m guessing we’re at one of those last minute stops before Norfolk.  
“Let’s check out the hotel?” Jim says.  He stops in front of the building.  The door and sides are covered by weeds.  Jim hops over a bush and lands on the top step.  I stay back.  I keep picturing Norman Bates coming out of the door and attacking me.  I push Jason in front of me. He follows Jim to the door.  I watch from the grass as Jim and Jason disappear through the door.  I can see the darkness quickly engulf them.  Evan follows behind them.  I wonder what Karen would say about me not going in there.  I jump up onto the sidewalk and try and peer through the door.  Still no way I’m going in there.  I look behind me at the Seven-Eleven and think about seeing if there’s any food left.  I wonder if the Slurpee machine still works.  
“Seth…Seth…come on in here.”  Jason’s voice is yelling.  I’ll have to make sure and tell Marissa that her new husband is trying to get his father-in-law in danger.  I turn back around and very slowly step through the door.  I can feel my pulse banging in my ears.  I brush a few cobwebs away from my head.  Have I told you after snakes my next biggest fear is spiders? I try not to think about the spiders on the webs near my face as I walk into the dark lobby.  I don’t see anyone.
“Where are you guys?”  I call out.  I can see the check-in window in the dark.  It’s a large open desk with small cubby holes behind it each one labeled with room numbers.  It looks like there are probably at least thirty or forty rooms.
“Upstairs.”  I hear Jason call back, “Hurry.”  I slowly make my way through the lobby. I’m looking out of the corner of my eye for spiders and any crazy men with knives coming out of the darkness.  It reminds me of being in a haunted house, which as Karen will tell you is not one of my favorite places.  I remember the last time she brought me in one, I think it was when Marissa was in eighth grade. When we left, both of Karen’s hands were bruised from me squeezing so hard.  I step on the creaky wooden floor and make my way to the other side where I can see a staircase.  The light from the door is creating a small tunnel through the darkness that I am following.  My heart is pounding so loudly it feels like I’m in a marching band, but I slowly go up the stairs.  I’ll have to tell Karen later how brave I was, if I see her again.  The higher up I go the smokier it gets.  I guess it’s true they say that smoke rises.  I finally make it to the top.  I can’t see much except for a long hallway.  There are pockets of light coming through each doorway so they must have the curtains open. I hope they have the windows open too because the smoke is bothering my eyes.  I can see Jason and Evan and Jim all the way at the other end.  I think they see me, at least they’re not running away so they must not think I’m a crazy man with a knife.   I tiptoe all the way down there.  I’m scared to what I’m going to find.  I hope they know I don’t like horror movies.  
“Come all the way down Seth.”  Jim steps into the middle of the hall.  “It’s much less smoky down here.”
I stop walking and stand next to Jason.  “What did you find?”
“Hopefully, a new home.”  Jim points towards toward the room behind him.  “Take a look inside and you’ll see.”  I walk behind him and step into the room, Evan immediately steps out of the way.  I can’t believe it.  At first I think it’s not real.  How can this be?  I quickly turn back around and step into the hall.
“Are they…”
“Yes.”  Jim nods.  “Smoke inhalation.”  I look back in the room.  I still can’t believe it.
“They were living here?”
“That what it looks like.”
I take another look back in the room.  There are at least ten bodies seated against the wall.  They must have been stuck in the smoke and figured there was no escape outside so they huddled together and died together.  I almost feel like crying looking back at them.  Two or three of them look to be ten or under.  I can’t believe it, there were other survivors.  “Were there any others?”
“I think that’s all of them.  We checked all the other rooms up here.  It looks like they all came in here together.”
“That means there must be food around here.”
“Exactly and probably some other means of survival if they’ve been here the last two years.  Why don’t we split up and take a look over the place.  Make sure all the windows are open.”  I watch as Evan and Jason take off. I decide to stay with Jim.  I hope he doesn’t mind because I’m still a little creeped out, but don’t tell Karen.  Jim goes into the room and I can see him checking the bodies one by one, so I decide to wait in the hallway.  I try and imagine what they must have been going through when they all got together and died.  I wonder if that’s how were going to go.  I think of Baby Seth and immediately get that thought out of my mind.  There’s no way I’m going to let that happen.  I finally get brave enough and walk back down the hall, down the stairs and head outside in front of the motel.  I look over at McDonalds and Seven Eleven again and try and imagine them full of cars and kids. It feels weird knowing that there were all these people living just a few hours away and we had no idea they were even here, it makes me wonder that there has to be others out there somewhere.  I walk around the grounds of the hotel. They obviously weren’t into the upkeep on the outside. I guess they weren’t too concerned about attracting customers.  I step into the parking lot. I can still see spots of black pavement, but most of it is covered with grass.  There are about five or so cars parked in the lot, most of them would not be appearing in rust-proof commercials.  I can see one that looks in fairly good condition. At least it’s not rusted out like the others.  I think it’s a Jeep Cherokee, but I’m not sure because it could really use a car wash.  I’ll have to check and see if there’s one in the area.  I walk out near the road where I can see McDonalds and I look back at the motel.  It’s called Green Spring Inn, although it probably could be called Bate’s Hotel by the looks of the insides.  I try and picture it full of cars and activity, but all I can see is that room full of bodies.  I wonder if they thought they were the only ones too.  At least they never found out where we were living, maybe I won’t complain about not having my Presidential comforter for a couple of days.  I’m sure Karen will be happy, though I really do miss my bowling games.  I hope my scores won’t start dropping.  There’s got to be a bowling alley in Norfolk.  I decide to walk down the street and I end up in the Seven-Eleven parking lot.  I look through the windows and the shelves appear empty.  They must have had a big sale or something.  I don’t even see any old bags of stale Doritos.  I’m a little scared to go in, so I just stare through the windows trying to see if I can see anything useful.  I quickly turn back around seeing Jason and Jim step out the front door of Bate’s Hotel I mean the Green Spring when my eye catches something in the window.  There’s a small light on inside the Seven Eleven.  At first I think it’s the sun, but then I put my hands up to the window and see it.  It’s a small red light coming from somewhere in the back of the store.  I run to the front door ignoring my name being called behind me.  I quickly push open the door, luckily they are open and as soon as I step in I notice something different. The place doesn’t stink; in fact I smell food, fresh food.  I walk to the back and see loaves of bread and the small light.  It’s coming from the hot dog cooker.  I feel the excitement bounding inside me.  Karen knows how much I like hot dogs.  I know I need to go tell Tim, but I look back and Jim, Evan and Jason are right behind me.
“So this is where they kept they’re food supply.”  I watch as Jim turns the power off on the cooker.  “It’s plugged into a generator.  I saw a huge garden out back behind the hotel out one of the windows.”
“Let’s go tell everyone.”  I quickly begin walking towards the door, before I turn around and grab a few pieces of bread.  
“Don’t get too excited. Remember that fire will be back.”
“What if it keeps raining?”
“It’s only a matter of time.  We need to get out of here soon.”  I nod and run through the door stuffing my mouth with the bread.  I make it back down the hill in less than five minutes.  Luckily I am finished with all the bread before I see Karen.  I lead everyone to the hotel, and watch as they all slowly filter in.  Jim keeps them away from the room with all the bodies.  I try and keep Lawrence from entering since he looks a little bit like Norman bates.  It is starting to rain fairly hard out here now so I run back over to the Seven Eleven.  Karen is standing inside the Green Spring hotel just looking at me.  I power on the hot dog machine and place a few pieces of bread on it.  A few minutes later they look good and toasted so I throw some jam I found that doesn’t look too old on them and take a bite.  I don’t think I’ve been this happy in days.  If only I had my umbrella.  I look out the window and I can see the inn staring back at me.  I wonder if Karen has picked out a room for us yet.  I just hope it’s far away from the room with the bodies and Lawrence’s room.  I’ll have to tell Karen Lawrence looks like Norman Bates, so keep us away from him too.  I think she has seen the movie.  It’s really coming down hard now, I’m actually quite happy because the more it rains the more time we can stay here and enjoy this food, maybe I’ll do my rain dance out front.  I just don’t want to get wet, so I just walk around the store.  I open the storeroom door and take a look inside. It’s dark but I can see what looks like cans of food, maybe even some spaghetti and sausages.  Tim is going to be so happy.  I step inside. I just wish it wasn’t so dark.  I think that’s the worst part about this whole thing is not having light because as I think you know by now I hate the dark.  I quickly jump back, I think I hear something.  I hope it’s not a tiger or Lawrence pretending to be Norman Bates.  I take a slow step backwards but stop when I think about someone or something trying to take our cans of food, especially the spaghetti and sausages.  There’s definitely something in here.


Chapter 11 

I’m still standing in the same spot.  I haven’t moved a muscle.  I’m trying not to imagine anything scary.  I keep pretending Karen is behind me and I have to show her how brave I am so I stay instead of running.  I’m not sure how much time has gone by but my legs are starting to cramp so I have to move a little I just hope I don’t get bit by something.  I take a step sideways and my knee bumps into a metal garbage can that causes the lid to go crashing to the floor.  I’m not sure if my heart has stopped or it’s beating so fast I can’t hear it anymore and then I hear someone call out “hello”.  It’s Norman Bates.
I somehow call back a hello and I can see someone moving behind the stack of food cans.  I can’t see his face yet so I don’t start running.
“Who’s there?”  The voice calls out.  It sounds like a voice from someone who is probably in there thirties or forties.  I try and think back to the movie and try and remember how old Norman was.
“It’s me.”  I answer back.
“Who is me?  I don’t recognize your voice?”  He says.
“I don’t recognize yours either.”  I take a slow step backwards.
“It’s Wilson.”
“Are you sure your name isn’t Norman?”
“I’m positive.  Who’s Norman? And who are you?”  I can see him getting up and coming my way.
“Never mind, I’m Seth.”
“Seth?”
“Yes, Seth.  Wilson?”  I love conversations like this and to think Karen says I have no people skills.
“Yes, Wilson.” He’s now standing right across from me no more than five feet away, despite the darkness, I can see a man about the same size as me, though it looks like he has a face full of facial hair.  “Where did you come from?  Am I alive?”
“I came from Washington DC and yes you are alive, as far as everyone else from the Bates Hotel.  I don’t think they made it.”
“The Bates Hotel?”
“I mean the Green Spring Inn where I guess you all were staying.”  I can see his hand rubbing his eyes.  “Are you okay?”
“I’m not sure.  I ran over here as all the smoke came and hid in here.  It was too smoky to get back to the inn.”
“You’re alive because of that.”  I say.  I start walking backwards and step back into the store where it’s light again.  I instantly feel better.  I watch as the man slowly and groggily steps out behind me.  He has a head full of brown hair and a full beard and mustache.  I wonder if Karen would like that look on me.  He’s dressed in dusty jeans and an old faded sweatshirt.  I think it says Virginia Beach on it but it’s hard to tell.  He slides down onto the floor and leans against one of the empty shelves.
“I can’t believe they’re all dead.”  I just nod my head not taking my eyes off of him.  “How did you get here?”
“We took a boat from DC and then ended up here.”  I watch as he looks outside the window behind me.
“Where’s all the smoke?”
“It’s been raining since yesterday, should give us a couple of free days.”
“How many are with you?”
“Sixty-six but soon to be sixty-seven when my grandson Baby Seth is born.”
“Congratulations on that.  So how did you all survive?”  
“We were vacationing on our boat in the middle of the Atlantic when the virus hit and then we came back and settled in the White House.”  I hope he’s not feeling jealous.  “Then two other guys, Evan and Craig somehow survived on an island out there and they rounded up a bunch of others and ended up with us.”  I decided not to tell him about what happened when Charles came back and shot some of us almost ended the whole thing.  “How about you guys?”
“Similar to your story, except we were all on a cruise ship together when the virus hit.  Most of the people on board died, but for some reason we survived.  We stayed out at sea for a long time till we decided to come ashore like you.  We’re all from this area so we came back here.”  I look out the window at the inn.  “I know it’s not the nicest place in the world, but we couldn’t bear to go back to our houses where are families were.  It was a cruise for work and not all of our families could come.”
I shake my head.  “I knew there had to be more people out here.”
“There’s got to be more if we both survived.”  He looks at me closely.  I wonder if he thinks I’m handsome or something.  “How long have I been here?”
“I’m not sure.  We just got here yesterday.”
“The last thing I remember was just lying down and everything was pretty smoky.”
“It wasn’t too bad when I came in here.  I actually was happy when I saw all the food.”  I watch as he looks towards the bread.  “Where did you get all that?”
“That’s another reason we decided to stay here.  Right behind the hotel is a warehouse full of food.  It was a restaurant warehouse so everything was stored in seal tight bags.  We were using the seven Eleven as our eating place.  I can’t believe this.”
“I’m sorry about all them.”
“They were some good people.”  I picture the room full of them lined up against the walls.
“I’m not sure how much time we have to stay here though.  Jim our scientist says the smoke will be back in a couple days.”  Wilson just shakes his head.  “Why don’t you come over there with me?”
“I don’t think I can go back in there knowing they all died in there.”
“I don’t think I can either.”  I mumble.
“What’s that?”
“Nothing, just come outside with me and I’ll have Jim check you out.  He’s a doctor too.” 
He slowly climbs to his feet.  “Good guy to have along.”
“He’s saved our lives several times.”  I lead him out the door.  I even let him go first.  Karen would be so happy with my manners.  We slowly walk across the street, very slowly.  Apparently Wilson’s legs haven’t begun talking to his brain yet because he’s a little wobbly.  I’m a little scared to touch him so I just walk slowly behind him.  We finally get across the road and into the parking lot of the motel.  I can see he’s a little hesitant about continuing, but so am I.  We stop at the steps outside the main door.  I can’t see anyone but I can hear all the voices inside.  Wilson has stopped and is looking up at the windows on the second story.  I wonder which room was his.  All the windows are wide open.   We stand there for a few minutes till we see Karen come out.
“Seth, who’s this?”  She looks at Wilson.  I wonder if that means she does like his full beard.
“Karen this is Wilson.  He survived in the back of the Seven-Eleven.”
“Oh my…I’m so sorry about everyone else.”  Wilson looks up at the second floor again.  “Please come on in and meet everyone else.  I’m sure Seth has told you about us all.”  I watch her smile.
“I think I’ll just stay out here for a few moments.  I’m not ready to go in yet.”
“I understand.  We’re very glad you survived.  Why don’t you let me go get some of the others?”  Wilson nods and sits down on the top step.  I can see he’s still a little woozy.  Karen disappears back inside.
“That’s my wife.”  I say so proudly.
“Very nice,” He says.  He isn’t looking very well.  I didn’t realize how gray his face is till now.  I wonder if I should tell Jim, maybe he’ll be impressed with my observation skills again.  A minute later Karen returns with Jim and Evan.  She introduces them and I fill them in on what Wilson has told me.
“We need to get you some rest.”  Jim looks at Evan and me.  “Can you guys help him up to one of the rooms?”  I watch Evan grab ahold of Wilson and try and lift him up.
“Seth, aren’t you going to help?”  I look at Karen and then back at Wilson.  I reluctantly place my hand under his arm and help him up.  We slowly guide him through the lobby and up the stairs.  I can already smell the difference of the fresh air pouring in and the light from the open windows filling the hallway.
“Which room do you prefer?”  I hope Karen is listening to my kindness.
“I live in room twenty-four, second one on the right.”  He mumbles quietly.  We guide him towards the hallway and into room twenty four.  It’s a normal looking room with a queen sized bed and all the usual motel amenities.  We walk past the shower and I immediately think of Norman Bates again with the knife so I push Wilson a little faster.  We finally get him on the bed and Jim begins examining him.  I wonder if I should tell him we need a co-pay, but Karen is giving me a strange look so I just stand back and watch.  A few minutes later I see Wilson’s eyes close and Jim steps away.
“I think he is lucky to be alive with all the smoke in his lungs.  Let’s let him rest for a while.  There’s so much we can learn from him.”  I follow Karen and Jim out the door of room twenty-four.   We end up standing in the middle of the hallway.  I can see everyone else going in and out of rooms trying to find the one for them.   “I think we’ll be safe to stay here for a few days, maybe even more if this rain keeps up.”  I tell Jim about the food warehouse behind the hotel.  He says I should show Tim.  Karen shakes her head as I run down the hallway calling out Tim’s name.   A few hours later, Tim and I return to the motel.  I don’t think I can eat anymore.  I hope Karen doesn’t notice how tight my pants are.  We went through the warehouse and couldn’t believe what was in there.  They have freezers full of food.  They are all powered by generators.  Tim even said he could probably make a few cakes.  We weren’t sure how they were working the generators but there is an enormous fuel tank behind the building that it looks like they are all connected to.  I think I have found paradise.  I hope it never stops raining and we can stay here forever.   I think we may even be able to arrange a bowling alley down the hallway in the motel.  Maybe I’ll bring that up later.  I find Karen in room twenty-six, right next door to Wilson’s room.  I still hope he’s not really Norman Bates.    Karen said they have removed most of the bodies from the room they all died in and brought them outside and covered them.  I decided not to tell her I spent the last two hours eating after hearing that.  She said Wilson was still sleeping.  Jim was going to check on him in a little while.  I lie down on the bed.  I wonder if this was someone else’s before the smoke.
“Don’t worry Seth I already changed the sheets.”  I nod.
“Where’s Marissa staying?”
“She’s right next door.”
“What about Jason?”
“Seth…stop.  How many times have we talked about this?”
“You want to lie down for a while.  We can order room service and watch some movies.  I bet they have HBO here.”  I pretend to hold a remote and click.
“Seth.”  She lies down next to me and places her arms around me.  “Have I told you how proud of you I am lately?”  I shake my head.  “Thank you again for saving all of us.”
“I wonder if I should have the guys build a statue of me…you know the first Director.  It might be a good job for Jason to work on…”  I feel Karen’s lips cover mine.
“Finally a way to get you to stop talking,” I try and smile till a minute later we hear a knock on our door.  Jims sticks his head in.
“You better come quickly, Wilson is awake but he isn’t doing that well.”  We quickly hop up from the bed and follow Jim to Wilson’s room.  He’s curled up under the sheets and his face is even grayer than before.  I think about commenting, but I remember Karen told me never to say anything about the way someone looks when they’re sick, something about good bedside manner.
“Hi Wilson.”  I watch him slowly roll over and Karen says I’m slow to wake up.  “How are you feeling?”
He tries to sit up but he falls back down.  Karen places his pillow under him.  “I feel pretty lousy.”
“You look great.”  I say.  I hope she’s proud of my bedside manner now.
“I guess you guys want to know a few things in case I don’t make it right?”  I watch as he tries to smile.  He can barely keep his eyes open.
“We can do this later.”  Karen says.
“No…no let’s just do it.”  He closes his eyes for about ten seconds.  I can tell he is struggling breathing.  Jim stands back so I guess there’s nothing he can do.   “Well I told Seth about the food warehouse behind the hotel and the Seven-Eleven has all the equipment.”  He takes a deep breath.  “I guess you should know that we hooked the generators up to the gas tank below the gas pumps at the seven-eleven.  That’s’ how we are able to keep things cool over there.”  He is almost gasping for air now.  I start to step forward but Jim waves me back.  Karen must think I’m a good guy now.  “Same thing at the warehouse, behind it there is another large gas tank.  One of our guys was a fuel expert so he set everything up,” Another long draining breath. “‘Oh yeah…gas pump number four works if you want to go somewhere.   I think the only car that works is the Jeep though.  There are a couple other things…”  His eyes close again and don’t seem to be opening.  It looks like he has fallen back to sleep, but Jim steps forward and shakes his head.  I can tell now he’s not breathing anymore.  He’s gone.

Chapter 12


We carried Wilson out with the rest of the group and Lawrence said a few words about them.  I actually felt a few tears in my eyes despite not knowing any of them except for Wilson for such a short period of time.  I guess we have kind of a kinship relationship since we both survived the virus together but separately.  I’m not sure anyone else would really understand it.  After everyone left and went back into the motel, I decided to stay out here for a while.  I’m not really sure why, I guess I’m just not ready to say goodbye yet.  Karen tried to get me to come in and even said something about more bread but I still decided to stay, maybe I’m getting more sentimental in my old age.  I’ll have to pass that on to Baby Seth.  I have so many things to tell that boy.  I hope he likes to stay up late, maybe he’ll like bowling and cake too.  It feels so weird thinking about a new life but mourning a loss of life at the same time. I’m just standing a few feet from the heavy blue tarp covering all of them and I can feel raindrops pounding on my back.  I didn’t even say anything about the umbrella either so maybe I will get some more of that bread when I go in.  I saw that Tim was heading back towards the warehouse after the ceremony so hopefully he’s putting together a nice dinner for us tonight.  I am starving.  I look up at the back of the two story inn and try and picture what life must have been like living here compared to our White House.  Jim said they have a garden back here so someone must have been in charge of that, while someone else must have prepared the food.  I wonder if their guy could make cakes as well as Tim.  I can almost taste one of his Black Forest’s now.  I slowly begin walking away. I end up walking all the way around the inn and stopping near the garden. It looks like it’s full of fresh vegetables, and to think a few years ago Karen said I wouldn’t know a vegetable if one hit me in the head.  She would be proud of me now.  I end up back in the parking lot.  I see the Jeep Cherokee, the one car that isn’t rusted.  I pull open the door, luckily it’s not locked.  Crime rate must be better here than back in DC where we’re from.  I’m even more surprised the keys are in the ignition.  I shut the door and just listen to the steady rain hitting the windshield.  I have always liked that sound. I’m not sure why because it is tough to drive in, but Karen usually drove whenever we used to go anywhere.  She says she hates the way I drive.  I can’t imagine why.  I decide to try to turn the ignition and it starts right up.  The engine sounds good so I step on the gas and feel it roar below me.  I immediately think this could be the Director’s limo I have always wanted.  I’m sure Karen would be happy if I let Jason drive.  I put the car in drive and pull out of the parking lot.  I make an immediate turn right past the Seven-Eleven and McDonalds.  I don’t even go to the drive through.  The Jeep is equipped with all-wheel drive so it is able to go over the bumpy roads.  I’m not sure where I’m going, but I notice the gas gauge is on full so I’m not worried about running out, but even so we have AAA so I should be okay anyway.  I keep driving down the road seeing both sides are nothing but trees.  I think I‘m heading towards Norfolk, but I’m not sure because the signs are hard to read with blocked tree limbs.  The road seems to be getting a little bumpier the further I go and the foliage a little thicker.  I hope I don’t get lost, especially since I don’t have my iPhone with me.  I keep driving another fifteen minutes or so and I finally stop in the middle of the road.  Everything on both sides is totally burned out.  The trees are nothing more than skeletons.  I can’t believe the damage.  Jim was right about a wild fire.  I have to finally turn around because the road conditions have gotten too bad.  There are dead tree trunks lying across the road.  I can’t believe how lucky we were to survive or how much longer we will survive.  I’m glad it’s still raining, and to think I used to yell at the weatherman when they said it was going to rain the next day.  I bet they’re all laughing at me somewhere up above right now.  I wonder if I should roll down the window and wave.  I drive the fifteen minutes back towards the inn and slow down and then keep going past it.  Everything is greener this direction.  I think the water is over this way somewhere.  I keep going for at least a half an hour till I pass the spot where we found the road when we came ashore from the boat I crashed.  I decide to park the Jeep and walk towards the boat.  I’ll have to let Karen know I even left the keys in the car.   I walk for about twenty minutes and come to what’s left of The Washington.  The pilot house is still the only thing sticking out of the water.  I still don’t know how it sank so fast.  I’ll have to be sure and rent The Titanic again soon so I can see how similar our experiences were and if there’s any chance of me getting a movie deal.  I’m sure Karen wouldn’t mind being married to a movie star.  I turn around and make the same walk we did before and find the Jeep.  I’m happy no one has stolen it.  I hop back in a keep driving.  I can see the water on one side and the trees on the other.  I can’t believe all this waterfront property is not occupied.  If I had known this I would have gotten out of the stock market and into real estate.  I wonder if I can convince some of the guys back at the inn in buying some inexpensive waterfront property.   I’m not sure how much longer I drive, but I stop quickly when I see the signs for Route 64.  That would take me back towards DC in probably three or four hours.  I look at the fuel gauge and it’s still full, I start to push on the gas but then I quickly turn around when I think I could run out, despite AAA.  Karen would say something about me coming to my senses.  I make the long drive back to the hotel and I’m surprised to see Karen and Jim outside when I get back.  I wonder if they’re starting to spend too much time together, maybe I should tell her about my movie star idea.  I pull right up next to the inn.  I don’t even park in one of the spots.  I hope I don’t get a ticket.
“So that’s where you have been all this time.  I figured you were in the food warehouse.”  I quickly look down hearing my stomach begin to rumble now that Karen mentioned food.
“I went for a little drive.”
“Did you see anything?”  I decide not to bring up my movie idea yet.
“You’re not going to believe the fire damage that way.”  I point down the road.  “It stops like fifteen minutes away.”  Jim shakes his head.  “Then that way Route 64 is right there.”  I point in the opposite direction.  “We can go back home.”  I smile thinking of my Presidential comforter and bowling alley.
“I was afraid of that.  We were lucky it rained when it did or we would be like our friends here.”  I look back at the inn. 
“What about trying to go back to the White House?  It shouldn’t take too long from here.  We could leave early tomorrow morning.  I hear the traffic isn’t bad at that time.”
“Not funny Seth.  This is serious.”  Karen is shaking her head and now so is Jim.  Maybe they are spending too much time together.  I try and think of a way to bring up my movie star idea again.
“We could, but we will probably run out of gas, and my fuel machine went down with the ship.”  I visualize The Washington again. 
“Can’t we take extra gas?  They have enough of it around here.”
“What do you think you’ll find back there Seth?”  
I look at Karen and think about saying my comforter, but instead I just say, “Our home.”
“I’ll take a look and let you know.”  We watch Jim head across the street to the Seven Eleven and look at the gas pumps.  I hope he doesn’t get any ideas about going in and getting some of that good bread.  I start to head over there, but Karen grabs hold of my shirt.  I follow Karen back up to our room, I’m happy to see Marissa inside when we step in.  I don’t ask where Jason is.  We spend the next few hours relaxing and talking about how she’s feeling.  Karen listens to her belly with a stethoscope and says everything sounds great.  I say see you soon Baby Seth which causes both of them to look at me oddly and shake their heads.  I’m really not liking this shaking head thing going on around here.   A little while later, Jim knocks on our door.
“We should leave tomorrow morning.  I think the rain is starting to let up.”
“What about the gas situation?”  He steps all the way inside our room and says hi to Karen and Marissa.
“I placed some extra tanks in the back, so we should be okay as long as we leave the windows open.”
“I still don’t understand why you need to go back there?”  Karen leans forward on the bed and looks at Jim.
“I think we need to assess the damage back there and see if we can plan on going back.  I’m not sure if this rain is going to hold the fire back or not.  We’ll know more once we go back.  I think Seth is right about this.”  I stick my tongue out for only Karen to see.  She quickly looks away.
“Okay.  Just please be careful.”
“We’ll do.  I’ll see you first thing in the morning Seth.  I’m going to go let Evan know.”  We watch him quickly walk out the door.  Karen goes back to checking on Marissa while I lie down on the bed.  I must have fallen asleep because the next thing I know I wake up and the room is totally dark and Karen isn’t around.  I sit up too fast and feel the blood trying to catch up to my quick movement making me feel lightheaded for a minute.    I look at my watch and it is 8:00PM I hope I didn’t miss dinner.  I run out the door and head downstairs.  I’m so hungry I don’t even look for Norman Bates.  I don’t see anyone and I’m not sure where to go so I follow my nose and head to Seven Eleven.  I can see lights on in there and smell something cooking.  I hope it’s hot dogs.  I run across the street, I don’t even look in both directions for cars and enter into Seven Eleven.  There are a few people in there.  I see Karen, Jim, Marissa and even Jason.  I immediately go to Karen’s side.
“What happened?”
“What do you mean?  You fell asleep and after you stuck your tongue out at me I decided to let you sleep.”
“And miss dinner?”
‘Yep, we just had hamburgers and hot dogs and even cake, but it’s all gone.”
“It is?”  I can feel my insides burning.
“She’s just kidding Seth.”  I turn around recognizing my favorite voice and see Tim standing behind me with a plate of what looks like some kind of potato and meat thing.  I don’t even care. I grab the plate and sit in one of the chairs they have setup near the griller.
‘Was she kidding about the cake too?”
“Not really.”  He sets down a small plate with an oversized piece of chocolate cake next to me.  I feel like I’m salivating.
“Take it easy Seth.”  Karen sits down next to me.  I keep shoveling the food in as quickly as I can.  I have my eyes locked on the cake.  We sit around and talk for a few hours.  I even got to have another piece of cake.  I can still taste the frosting in my mouth.  I had a tough time falling asleep last night, but I’m up early and ready to go back to the White House.  I turn the key on the Cherokee and smile hearing the engine purr beneath me.


Chapter 13  


Seated next to me is Jim and behind me Evan and behind him are the extra gas cans.  This reminds me of our trip to California a while back when we brought back Connick, Maura and a few others, but now were going to check on our house, The White House especially my office and comforter.  I hope we don’t see any tigers.  We’re driving on 64, the road conditions aren’t too bad, just a little bumpy but at least the traffic is light. I know enough with the traffic jokes but we’re moving fairly quickly.  Jim seems a little agitated today, so I’m not trying to make conversation and Evan looks like he’s half asleep.  I’m glad I volunteered to drive at least I have something to do.  We’ve been going for about almost an hour now.  We’ve already gone way beyond where I went yesterday.  So far we don’t see any more evidence of the fire like I saw going towards Norfolk.  We are right near Hampton.  I’m kind of familiar with this area since we came back through here by boat when we first came ashore after the virus hit and we also took a trip through here years ago.  I think it was on the Jupiter 2, our second boat.  Of course our final one was the Jupiter 6.  I really miss that boat.  I wonder if we’d have the Jupiter 7 by now even though I promised Karen the 6 would be our last one, but I also said that after the 3, 4, and 5 as well.   I can see the bay to my right and nothing but trees to the left.  This is really a beautiful area.  I’m trying to stay focused on the road or at least what’s left of it but it’s hard with the bay calling out my name beside me and Jim’s worsening scowl.  I bet Karen wouldn’t be happy about it either.  I feel like maybe I should start singing a really cheerful song, but I hold back because last time I sang outside a shower was at a karaoke bar and Karen and Marissa wouldn’t talk to me the rest of the night because they said I embarrassed them so badly.  Who would have ever thought Marissa wouldn’t like to see me dressed up as one of the Village People.  Plus I’m pretty sure I hit all the notes in YMCA.  I take a quick look in the rearview mirror luckily no one is tailgating us.  I can’t help but notice the gray spots streaking through my hair.  I start whistling that old commercial about washing that gray right out of my hair.  Jim’s face frown’s even more so I immediately stop.  He must not be a music fan.  I look back at Evan and see his eyes are closed.  He must have had a late night or something.  I try and picture my office as I feel the car continue to rumble below us.  I wonder if I’ll have time for a couple of quick games in the alley.  I try and work on my stroke with my right arm while my left one takes over the wheel.  I’m feeling pretty good until Jim screams, “stop.”  I slam on the brakes and feel the Cherokee come to sudden halt like we hit a rock wall or something.
“What is it?  What’s wrong?”  I am still shaking.  I didn’t know it was possible for a human to yell that loudly.  I can see Evan rubbing his eyes and wiggling around behind me. 
“Look up there?”  I see him pointing out the window towards the sky.  I know tigers aren’t that tall so I relax a little, but I look over where he’s pointing and I don’t see anything.  I can see Evan nodding in the mirror though, so I begin to nod too.  “I was afraid of this once I woke up this morning and saw the rain had stopped.”  I want to yell “what”, but instead I keep nodding.   “Turn us around, we need to get back.”  I nod again.
“How much time do you think we have?”  
Jim turns around and looks at Evan.  “Not much, maybe a day or two at most, you can see how gray it is already from all the smoke.”
“What about going to DC?”  I say.  I still don’t see any gray.
“I don’t think we’re going to make it.  In fact, I don’t think there is a DC anymore.”  Jim is still looking out the window.
“What?”  What about my stuff?  I ask myself.
“I’m pretty sure by seeing that amount of smoke that DC is probably on fire.”  I try to imagine my comforter on fire.  I want to cry.  I’m glad I brought my bowling outfits with me.   “Turn us around Seth.”  I step on the gas but nothing is happening.  “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing’s happening.”
“Shut it down and try it again.”  I turn the key to the left and then back to the right.  I can hear the motor grind up below us.  I step on the gas and there is nothing but silence.  “Let me try it.”  I place the shifter back into park and step outside.  I watch as Jim gets in.  I hope they’re not trying to get rid of me.  I watch him fiddling with the key and the wheel.  It doesn’t look like he’s having any luck either.  I can see the water behind the Cherokee and I start humming Christopher Cross’s Sailing.  I look up. I guess the sky is a little grayer than before.  I don’t smell any smoke though the Cherokee is sending a strange color smoke out the tailpipe.  I wonder if this is a good time for a rain dance.  Just as I’m about ready to start dancing Jim pops out of the Jeep and flips open the hood.  I didn’t know he was a car mechanic too.  Evan slowly climbs out and stands beside him.
“What do you think it is?”  I peer over Jim’s shoulder.  Everything looks the same to me under the hood.  I have never been a car guy.
“I’m guessing it’s probably the fuel pump or the injectors.”  I see his hand run over a large gray cylinder.
“What can we do?”
“I’m going to reset the computer and see if that makes any difference, but I’m just pulling straws here.”
“I’ll disconnect the battery.”  Evan reaches in and begins turning the battery connectors with some kind of wrench.  I stand back like I do every time someone jumps starts a car.  I always think it’s going to blow up.  I watch from the other side of the road as the two of them work on the car.  I can see the frustration building as Jim keeps starting the car and nothing happens when he steps on the gas.  I think they repeat this for about an hour.  I wander back into the car a few times and load up on some that good bread and a bottle of water.   I slowly walk behind them again standing in front of the open hood.
“Any luck?”
Jim turns around and looks at me like he’s seeing me for the first time. For a second I almost feel like running.  I watch his eyes glance at the sky behind me.  “No, I’m afraid there might not be anything we can do.”  I decide it’s not a good time for my AAA joke.  “I think when you stopped quickly, it disrupted the fuel pump.  I’ve tried to disconnect it and reroute it, but it’s not doing any good.  I’m afraid we may be stuck.”  I look up at the sky behind me.  I can see the grayness but I still can’t tell if it’s smoke or just clouds but I see Jim eyeing it behind me so I’m guessing it’s still smoke. “I don’t think we have time to walk back it will be too late by the time we get there, it’s also probably too far.”  I start dancing around and flailing my arms.  “What are you doing?”
“Rain dancing.”  I watch Jim shake his head and walk back towards the Cherokee.  I guess he’s not a dancer.  I know he doesn’t like music either.  I see Evan seated on the ground on the side of the road.  His hands are over his face.  I wonder if he’s still tired, maybe I should ask him if he likes to dance.  I end up sitting next to him and we both watch Jim continue to work on the car.  A few more hours go by and we watch as he finally shuts the hood.
“It’s no use.  I can’t get it to do anything.”  I wonder if I should suggest they could push and I’ll drive, but instead I just place my hands on my chin like Evan.  A minute later Jim sits down next to us.  “I’m sorry guys but I’m afraid there’s not much we can do.  You can see the smoke moving in.”  He points towards the sky.  I can now see it has definitely gotten grayer and I can actually smell the feint scent of smoke though I can’t tell if it’s from the Cherokee or not.  I look back at the Cherokee and my eyes stop on the front left tire.
“It looks like we have another problem.”  I point at the tire.  It is flat.
“Damn, what else can go wrong?”  I decide I better not answer that.  Especially since my biggest fear is we run out of food.  We only have enough for today since we were supposed to come back later today.  I wonder what Karen and Marissa are doing back there.  They’re probably thinking we’re well on our way and now we may never return and they will die as well as us.  I picture what I think Baby Seth will look like and I feel a tear running down my cheek.  “Take it easy Seth.  We’ll figure something out.”
“I’m so worried about Karen and Marissa.”
“They should figure out after a while we’re not coming back and move to a safer place.”  Evan scoots a little closer to me.  I just nod my head and try not to think about anything except how to get out of here.  I get up and walk back to the car and grab some more bread.  I even offer some to Jim and Evan but they both decline.  Even Karen wouldn’t say anything to me for eating their shares now that I offered them some.  She would be so proud of me how I’m still acting on my best manners when things are at their worst.  I just hope I can see her again.  I even miss her shaking her head and telling me to act normal.  I wonder who will be the new Director if we don’t make it back.  I hope not Jason.  I knew we should have brought him with us.  There’s not too much we can do, so I decide to take a walk.  I look back and Jim is back in front of the Cherokee and it looks like Evan is sleeping in his hands again.  He must still be tired.  I walk down the road in the direction we came from.  I think I’ve been walking for about fifteen minutes and I can still see Jim and the car so there is no way we could walk all the way back.  Jim is right the smoke is definitely getting closer.  I am starting to be able to taste it in my mouth.  I can’t believe this is how it’s going to end.  I guess I should be happy for at least getting a few extra years, I wish Karen was hearing how positive I’m being.  I feel like yelling as loud as I can so hopefully she can hear me.  She would be happy I’m not even thinking about my Presidential comforter anymore.   I finally stop and turn around and walk back towards the car.  I look out at the water knowing it’s only a matter of time till it’s covered with smoke again.  A few minutes later I’m standing next to Jim looking at the engine again.  It looks like Jim has a few extra pieces in his hands.  I wonder if I’ll be able to tell Karen that it happens to other people too.   She is probably still upset with me when I told her I could fix the dishwasher a few years ago. I was doing fine until I put it all back together and I had two extra parts left over.  Then she called a plumber and it ended up costing us an extra five hundred dollars.  I tried to tell her it was a learning experience but she didn’t buy it.
“I don’t think there’s any hope of getting it running again.”  Jim shakes his head.  “We need a new pump.”
“What if we can find another car with one?”
I watch him turn towards me.  “We’d have to find another Cherokee.”
“It’s worth a shot.”  Evan walks over.  We decide to split up and search for another Cherokee.    I slowly walk along Route 64.  There are plenty of cars alongside the road, some are on the shoulder or in the grass but most of them are completely rusted out and look like they should be in a junk yard.  I think I see an old blue Cherokee but it’s in such bad shape I pass it by.  I may suggest to Jim if we get ours going we should look for a car wash.  I think I walk for at least another hour or so till I turn around.  I didn’t see anything useful.  Most of the cars were foreign and Jim said they wouldn’t do any good.  I guess I better not tell him I used to drive an Audi.  I eventually make it back to our car, neither Jim nor Evan is around so I grab another bottle of water and make a sandwich with that special bread.  The smoke has definitely gotten thicker since I left and the sky is completely gray now.  The fire is slowly moving in and so is our time.  I can feel it approaching like an oncoming storm and to think I was scared of a tiger.  I’ll have to ask Jim which is a quicker death, fire or being eaten by a tiger.  I wonder if I should start yelling out “here…pussycat.”  I’m still seated along the road when I think I see Jim on the horizon it looks like he’s a good half mile north of me walking back towards us.  I think he is holding something but I can’t tell because of the haze.  I’m hoping it’s a pump.  I know there’s no way we’re going to DC now but at least we would be able to get back and warn everyone else.  I watch as his silhouette gets larger and larger. If I didn’t know him, I think I would run.  He’s wearing an orange colored shirt and a pair of old red khakis.  I guess he’s not used to wearing anything else but his lab jacket.  His hair is blowing in all different directions.  He kind of reminds me of a creepy Ronald McDonald.  I want to start running away, but I can see he’s holding some kind of car part.  I guess it could be a pump, but for all I know it could be anything.
“I found one.  I found one.”  He’s yelling as he’s getting closer.  He’s almost jogging now.  I don’t think I’ve ever seen him move this fast.
“What is it?”  
“It’s a fuel pump.”
 “Will it work?”
“It’s not from a Cherokee but a Chrysler, so it should.”  I remember from my stockbroker days that Chrysler owns Jeep.  I wonder if I should tell him to stay away from automobile manufacturing stocks.  I quickly get up and meet him in front of the Jeep.  I watch as he starts pulling and twisting hoses and parts around like he knows what he’s doing.
“My uncle was a mechanic.  Had his own shop.”  I tell him.  Not really sure why just trying to make conversation.
“Did he show you anything?  Like how to install a fuel pump.”
“No, but he did service all of our cars. I bet he could do this in a no time.”
“Good guy to have around.  I used to play around with cars way back when but I never found the time to get back into it.  I always wanted to.”
“You an auto mechanic?”  I try and picture Jim with overalls in a service shop and I actually start to smile.
He looks at me.  “Yep, believe it or not I wanted to be a grease monkey.”
“But instead you became a lab monkey.”  I quickly answer back.
“That’s not really funny, if you think about it, but yes I did become very interested in science.”
I look down and see him snap a hose to the new part.  “How’s it looking?”
“I think we may actually be in luck.”
“Really?”  I feel my heart pound with excitement thinking about possibly seeing Karen and Marissa, it then slows down a bit when I think about Jason.  I decide to wander to the back of the Jeep again and grab another few pieces of bread to celebrate.  I don’t offer any to Jim because his hands look filthy.  I’m sure Karen would approve because she’s a big believer in hand washing before every meal, but I’m sure she would make an exception since I’m not the one touching greasy auto parts.  Still no sign of Evan, I hope he didn’t get lost.  He went into the woods to see if there were any other roads or anything nearby.  Hopefully, he didn’t run into a tiger.  I walk back towards Jim.  He’s still got both hands in the engine.  
“What do you think of the smoke getting thicker so quickly?”
“We’re definitely running out of time.  Let’s hope this works because from the looks of that sky that fire is traveling very quickly.”  I look up at the sky and wonder how he can tell that by looking at it.  I guess he made the right choice of becoming a scientist.  I start humming Grease Lightning till Jim gives me a dirty look so I stop, and he said he wanted to be a grease monkey.


Chapter 14   
 

Well somehow Jim got the engine working and when I press of the gas the car moves.  There’s still no sign of Evan so I’m thinking of asking Jim about my tiger theory.  We’re driving back and forth on 64. It’s really kind of cool doing U-turns over the median.  I just hope the police don’t appear.  The car seems to be working fine, just a little slower.  Jim’s letting me drive again.  I guess he must know that it was his fault for screaming so loud and making me stop that the Cherokee broke in the first place.  I feel like saying “so there,” but he softly tells me to stop again.  I don’t even slam the brakes.  He must be thinking I’m a great driver, maybe he’ll tell Karen when we get back.  We both turn our heads seeing Evan appear out of the woods.  He smiles seeing us drive up and stop in front of him.
“You’re amazing.”  He climbs into the back seat.
“Thank you.”  I immediately snap back looking in the rearview.  Jim gives me a strange look. I want to remind him he’s the one who let me drive.
“How did you do it?”  I listen to Jim’s answer for a minute or so and then it turns to babble.  I can see Evan nodding his head behind me.  I guess he’s been watching me or he’s a lot smarter than I am.  I better make sure no one finds that out before the next election.  We’re heading south at about thirty miles an hour and it’s not because of the road conditions.  I have the pedal all the way on the floor.  Jim says it’s because of the fuel pump.  I’m wondering how long it will take us to make it back.  I glance over at the water again and think about the Jupiter 6 and how I wish we were back on a summer vacation sailing off to nowhere, just Karen, me and Marissa, no Jason Mason.  Just then I feel the Jeep lurch forward and then stop.  Nothing is happening when I press the pedal.
“What happened?”  Jim yells.  At least I’m already stopped this time.
“It just stopped.”  I push the pedal to the floor a few more times and get no response.
“Let me try.”  I hop out and start whistling Grease Lightning again as he hops in.  He frowns and then ignores me.  I watch him turn the car off and on several times and nothing.  He eventually hops out and opens the hood.  He and Evan lean in and start playing with the fuel pump again.  At least that’s what I think it is, but everything still looks the same to me.  A few minutes later, Evan goes into the car and tries while Jim looks under the hood.  I decide to stop my Grease Lightning whistle and walk towards the water.  I do grab a few more pieces of bread on the way.  We’re starting to get a little low, but I figure if the Jeep doesn’t work we’ll die of smoke inhalation before starving so I might as well be happy.  The bread does taste good going down my throat.  I can almost smell the hot dog griller in Seven-Eleven till I realize it’s just the smell of the Jeep as Jim and Evan burn it out.  I look at the water it looks so calm.  I wish I could go for a swim.  It really is beautiful.  In one direction all I can see is trees on the other side are the masts of an old schooner highlighting the horizon in front of the distant outline of Norfolk.
“Damn it.”  I quickly turn my head hearing Jim yell.  I’m starting to not like all this yelling from him.  I wonder if I’ll have to tell Karen about him since she thinks he’s such a great guy.  I doubt she’s ever seen this side of him.  “It’s going up…run.”  I look back and Jim and Evan are running in my direction and a few seconds later the car erupts in flames.  The first thing I think about is what’s left of the bread.  I wonder if it will become toast.  I’ll have to ask Jim.  We all sit on the side of the road and watch the Jeep simmer under the flames.  No one says anything for what seems like hours till Jim finally stands up and starts walking down the road away from us.  I quickly get up and jog up next to him.  I wonder if he notices that I’m still in shape.
“Now what?”
Jim stops and turns his head and looks at me, maybe he’s going to say something about my fitness.  “I’m afraid we’re out of options at this point.  We have no transportation, no food and now no time.”
“What about that?”
“What?”  He’s looking at me the way someone looks at you when they think you’re annoying, not that I know that look.  You may have to check with Karen about that though.
I point towards the waterfront.  “That.”  I watch Jim focus his eyes where I’m pointing.  
“You really think that will work?”
“No, but what do we have to lose.”
“Can you make it work?”
I smile.  I can’t believe Jim is actually asking me if I can make something work.  I wish I could record this for Karen.  “I think I can…I think I can.” I answer but I notice he doesn’t laugh. He never does.  We both quickly walk over to it. Evan comes up behind us.  A few minutes later we’re stepping onto a worn out dock with several boats tied to it.  Most of them look like they’re in pretty bad shape and ready to sink.  We stop in front of a large two-masted dark-colored schooner called “The Virginia.”  It looks to be an old replica from the early twentieth century.  I feel like asking Jim if he ever saw the original but he doesn’t seem to find anything I say very funny, so instead I carefully step onboard.  My feet feel the sturdy teak deck below me.  I have been on many schooners, but this one feels different almost special.  When Karen and I first got married, before we had Marissa and there was no Jason, I do like the sound of that, we used to go on a week-long cruise every summer on a schooner where it was expected you would participate in sailing.  I actually close my eyes and imagine we are on it again till Jim nudges me and tells me to move so he can climb aboard.  I decide not to give him a hand and watch him awkwardly stumble on deck.  Evan jumps up alongside him. 
“Do you think it will sail?”  
I have my doubts so I say, “yes,” Something about Karen always telling me to stay positive.  I look both forward and aft and figure the boat must be at least a hundred feet long.  I look up and the masts look like they never end pointing into the gray sky, yes it has become very gray and I’m really starting to taste smoke in my mouth.  I could really go for a piece of that bread and a Coke, but instead I walk all the way to the back of the boat and stand behind the helm.  It feels good.  It’s a large teak wheel with spokes evenly placed around for my hands.  I can see all the sails above me curled up on the masts and booms.  I wonder how with just three of us we will ever be able to make it work, but I decide to keep up the positive thing and not think about it.  I look all the way to the bow at the long flat deck, the first thing I think about is a bowling alley, I guess I’m always thinking about that after food, maybe Karen is right.  There are definitely some possibilities for at least one lane, but I decide not to bring that up now either.  I figure the next most important thing is to go down below and check out the galley.  Tim will need a place to cook and maybe even bake one of those cakes.  I think even Karen would agree after these last few days I deserve a Black Forrest, probably one all for myself.  Jim and Evan follow me down the stairs, which is somewhere between a ladder and a staircase, but we’re able to go down frontwards so it’s not too bad.  When we get all the way down we enter into a large open space full of teak, the floors, the walls, and the seats, I guess someone wasn’t concerned about trees or comfort when they built this.  There is definitely a musty mildew smell but it is better than the smoke so I don’t complain.  I walk over and sit on one of the benches lining the sides of the cabin.  They feel sturdy.  I slowly get up and walk through a small door that leads to the galley. This is the part I’ve been worried about.  I’m happy to see they didn’t build a wooden stove, maybe they finally ran out of trees.  It looks like a decent galley, plenty of room for Tim to work in. Past the galley is a dining area, I have to keep bending my head because of the low beams.  I’m glad Jason is tall, maybe this will be perfect place for me to try and distract him while he’s walking around.  I look back at Jim and Evan, they both nod their heads.  We walk through another small door towards the bow of the boat, I can tell because it is getting narrower.  First thing I see are bunks on both sides, they are two high and line both sides. You have to crawl in them to get in and hope you don’t have to get up to go to the head.  Now I know where Jason is sleeping.  We keep walking forward and check out a few separate sleeping rooms that could fit two people.  I already pick out the one for Karen and me.  It has the logo and name of the boat on the headboard.  It has to be the Captain’s quarters.  I give Jim and Evan a look but they just ignore me and head back towards the center of the boat.  They must realize that it’s my area and didn’t want to intrude.  A few minutes later I walk back to the main room with the benches and see them sitting next to each other.  I sit down across from them.
“So can you get her going?”  I nod.
“The hardest part is going to be getting the sails up with just three of us.”  I really mean to say two because I’m the captain and I have to stay by the wheel, but I don’t let them know that yet.
“Let’s do it.”  Evan springs up and starts heading up the ladder.  I follow behind him and walk to the wheel.  I dust off an old brass compass with no numbers just dots and lines and pretend to look like I know what I’m doing.  I remember from my working days they used to always say perception is everything.  I’ll have to let Karen know all these great things I’m doing.  
“Let’s get these sails up.”  I point at the nearest boom and line that will hoist them.  “Once I release this.”  I point at a line tacked down next to me.  “You want to pull.  It will take a few minutes for it to go all the way up.”  Luckily everything looks to be in pretty good shape considering the boat has been sitting here for two years.  I just wish they had more up-to-date equipment instead of the replica stuff.  I’ll have to be really pretend to know what I’m doing once we get going.  “Okay. Get ready.”  I release the line from the cleat.  “Start pulling.”  I sit back holding onto the brass spokes and watch them pull.  The sails don’t seem to be going up.  “Pull.”  I yell.  I try and picture myself as an old maritime captain directing his crew.  It seems to work until Evan starts yelling at me to help.  I let go of the wheel and snap out of my daydream and give them a hand.  Evan looks as though he’s sneering at me.  Somehow after about ten minutes we get one of the sails up.  “All right guys, go untie the lines from the dock, bow first.
“Who left you in charge Seth?”  Evan looks at me.
I almost say that’s Captain Seth, but I let it go for now and just clutch the wheel.  A minute later we are free from the dock.  The Virginia is moving.  There’s not much wind but with one sail we are moving a couple of knots.  I wonder if I should tell Evan about my schooner experience.  I’m sure Evan never did anything like that.
“Can you guys put up the sail on the other mast?  Do it just like this one.”  I look up and smile seeing the large sail puffed out full of wind.  Evan sneers again but he reluctantly follows Jim towards the bow and they begin pulling.  A minute later, I let go of the wheel and assist them.  I hope they thank me, since being the captain I shouldn’t have to be doing all this work.  I’m already thinking about going to my cabin and taking a nap after all this work.  We eventually get the second sail up as well.  We don’t have all the sails up because I don’t know how to put them all up, but we’ll keep that quiet for now.  I’m back at the wheel now. The wind is a little stronger so I think were probably doing a good six knots.  It feels so powerful cutting through the water on a powerful schooner, I just wish I knew where we are going.  I try to look at the compass again, but without numbers and a GPS it isn’t helping too much.  I look and see the land slipping by us on the starboard side.  I’m hoping we’ll be able to recognize where we left everyone off on the other boat that sank.  After a few hours or so we still seem to be doing pretty well, though I could go for a beer and a bag of chips.  Jim is up on the bow looking for where to turn in.  Evan is seated on the side still sulking.  I guess he’s still mad I’m in charge.  I hope this doesn’t change his mind about running for the Director.  I’m pretending to look at the compass when I hear Jim start yelling from the bow.  Even Evan looks up from his sulk.  
“Turn right…turn right.”  I hear him saying.
I yell back.  “There is no right on a boat…its starboard.”  Karen would be so proud.  Evan just shakes his head.  I can’t figure out what’s gotten into him.
“All right…then turn that way.”  He is running back toward me and pointing in the starboard direction towards a small inlet.  I quickly turn the wheel in that direction and aim for the inlet.  I’m not sure how deep it is and without any instruments I’m not going to try and guess so I turn into the wind slightly to slow us down.
“Why don’t you guys lower that sail a little?”  I point at the one on the forward mast.  A schooner is a boat with two masts and the rear one is taller than the forward one.  I watch Jim quickly walk to where all the lines are.  I point at the correct one.  “It’s going to take two people Evan.”
“So go help him Seth.”
“What?”  I say.  I’ve always thought Evan was a great guy and we always have gotten along so well.  He’s my Assistant Director.  He must really be cranky. I try and think what Karen would tell me to do, so I immediately let go of the wheel and help Jim lower the sail.  A few minutes later, I walk past Evan who hasn’t moved and grab the wheel.  I don’t even look at him.  I think Karen would approve that I didn’t stick out my tongue or make a mean face.  I turn us back on track and head into the inlet.  It’s about a hundred yards wide so I stay directly in the center until I feel we are close enough and quickly turn back into the wind.  I can see the pilot house of The Washington sticking out up ahead.  We are in the right place.  I tap the compass triumphantly. Maybe I should start using the sexton down below.  We have gotten here just in time because the sun is starting to fade, but I’m not sure if it’s from the darkness coming in or the smoke despite my watch telling me it’s almost 8:00PM.  “Let’s throw her anchor.”  I yell.  I’m starting to think I may have to look for a captain’s uniform down below if I’m going to be giving all these orders then maybe Evan will listen.  Jim and I get the anchor overboard while Evan continues to watch.  After a few minutes it feels like it’s holding.  I elect to stay with the ship while Jim and Evan go on the small row boat hanging off the stern.  Jim agrees. Evan says nothing.  I look at Jim and he refuses eye contact.  I may need a notepad and a pen to start writing all this down for Karen.  I help them lower the small boat and eventually they take off for shore.  I watch them row past The Washington.  I’m actually surprised to see Evan rowing.  A few minutes later they are ashore and disappear into the trees. I go back to yelling out commands for the next fifteen minutes or so.  I have to stop because my voice is starting to fade, so I decide to go down below to the Captain’s Cabin and claim it.  “First come first serve”, I yell out.  That’s when I notice the small duffel bag at the foot of the bed.


Chapter 15  

I don’t know how I missed it before, but I quickly grab the handles and lift it up.  It’s dark blue and about the same size as my bowling bag.  It doesn’t have the Presidential Seal like mine though.  It feels heavy though, like a bowling ball might be inside. I wonder if someone else likes bowling too.  Maybe I can wear my bowling shirt if I can’t find a captain’s uniform.  That might satisfy Evan that I’m in charge.  I look out the porthole.  I don’t see anyone yet. I can’t wait for Karen and Marissa to come aboard, hopefully, Jim will bring them first.    Jason can come later.  I’ll have to remind everyone that women and children come first.  I set the bag down on the bed and unzip the top.  I can’t believe it when I look inside and don’t see a bowling ball. Instead I see nothing but handguns.  I don’t know that much about guns but these don’t look like the types that shoot caps.  I quickly zip it back shut and place it in one of the closets.  I’m a little disappointed since I was hoping it would be a bowling ball.  I could use a new one and Karen wouldn’t let me take mine on the trip.  I jump when I hear a bumping sound outside.  I leap up and look out one of our portholes again, another reason I claimed this cabin, I need a window.  I don’t see anything, but I’m a little jumpy after finding all those guns.  I try to think of a reason they would keep guns on an old replica schooner that I think was used for training kids if I remember.  I start to think of all the possibilities when I hear the sound again.  I hope it’s not a pirate or a swimming tiger.  I almost grab one of the guns but instead I slowly walk out of our cabin.  I have to duck my head at the door.  I remind myself to invite Jason and maybe even Evan now if he’s going to start acting up.  I walk down the hallway past the other smaller cabins and all the bunks on the wall where I imagine Jason and Evan will be sleeping.  I want to laugh but I keep hearing the bumping sound.  There’s no way Jim can be back already, so I start imagining things again like a killer shark.  I wonder if bears can swim.  I finally make it back to the ladder and climb out.  I have to close my eyes for a moment due to the glare, but it’s not too bad with the lingering smoke filling the air. I climb all the way out and look around me. I’m relieved there’s no pirate ship or tiger trying to attack me, but there is a tree much too close to the boat.   We have drifted, our anchor isn’t holding.  I quickly panic and run up to the bow and try and pull on the anchor.  It’s heavy but I can feel it moving below me. I’m not really sure what to do.  I think about jumping and running for help, but the thought of a killer shark in the water keeps me from going over.  I’m pretty sure it’s only a matter of a few more feet till we run aground, so I start pulling and tugging as hard as I can on the anchor again.  I don’t even worry about my bowling arm this time. Wait till I tell Karen of my sacrifice.  It’s still not catching and we’re moving closer and closer to shore.  I have to do something and I have to do it quick.  I jump off the side, nope I’m not running away, though I would really like to.  I dive underwater and somehow I am able to move the anchor and it catches I think.  I look up and at first I think there’s a big white shark above me but then I realize it’s the boat so I relax.  I stay near the anchor for a while just to make sure it will hold and luckily it seems to be doing the job.  Karen better be real nice to me when she gets here.  I’m not sure how much time goes by but sometime later I hear my name being called out. I hope sharks don’t talk.  I turn my head and see Karen, Jim, Connick and Marissa on the tender behind me.
“Seth, get out of the water.  This isn’t the time to be swimming.  We have a lot of work to do.”
I don’t realize how much I’m shaking till I try and talk.  “I…I…I…m trying to fix the angor.”  They all just look at me and here I thought Karen would be happy for my sacrifice.  
“Seth, get in the boat.”  Connick and Jim reach out and pull me into the tender.  I’m surprised when I get in and see the little ones in there too.  They are all wrapped up tightly in blankets.  “What are you thinking Seth?  It’s too cold to be in the water.”  I try and talk and but my mouth still isn’t cooperating with my mind so instead I just sit there and let Karen put her arms around me trying to get me to stop shivering.  A few minutes later I’m back aboard the Virginia. I have several blankets wrapped around me in our cabin, the big one.  Karen didn’t even object. They have placed the babies in the cabin next to us and Connick and Alma on the other side.  I definitely know what side of the bed I’ll be sleeping on tonight.  I hope Karen won’t mind.  
A minute later Jim knocks on our door.  “You’re a brave man Seth.  I think you just may have saved us again.”
“What do you mean? I’m sorry he decided to go swimming, not your brightest moment Seth Winston.” Karen says.
“You were fixing the anchor right?”  I nod. I’m still shaking so much I can’t talk so anyone can understand me.  Not even Karen and we’ve been married almost twenty years.  “I can tell because we have drifted pretty close to the shore.  I think it’s holding.”  I nod.  Karen gives a hug.  I want to say “see I told you I’m a hero, but I still can’t move my lips.  I wonder if they’re blue.   Karen keeps me wrapped up for the next few hours.  I can hear the tender going back and forth and more people coming aboard.  I think I even heard Tim’s voice a few minutes ago.  Maybe he’s already baking a cake.  I’ll have to ask Karen.  A few minutes later, Jim enters our cabin again.
“Hey Seth I have good news.  We have a tank full of diesel we’re bringing aboard. Apparently they were using that too.  I’m going to fill up the tank in a little bit.”  I smile.  I can talk now, but I don’t want to let anyone know because of how nice Karen is being to me.  She has already brought me a cup of hot tea and some bread, and I didn’t even ask.  I was going to say I like hot chocolate better, but I didn’t want to upset her.  I’m so glad we are back together.  Marissa came in a minute ago too and gave me a hug.  I haven’t seen Jason yet, but I’ll have to let him know one of those bunks has his name on it.  I’ve actually been thinking, we may have to sleep in shifts because we can only sleep about half at a time and there’s no way I can give up my bed, though I may let Marissa sleep in it when I’m up on deck.  We’re still not sure where were going, but we can’t stay here because the smoke is definitely getting closer.  A few hours later after I don’t hear anymore loading and unloading I decide to finally step out of the cabin, and to think Karen says I try and avoid work.  I make my way through the bunks and see personal items claiming most of them.  I don’t see anything that looks like Jason’s so I find the most uncomfortable one and find a piece of paper and write the name Jason on it.  I wonder if Karen will be happy that I’m helping now.  I see Tim in the galley.  He is surrounded by bags of food. They must have taken everything from the Seven-Eleven and the warehouse.  I pat him on the back and he smiles.
“Hey Seth, I heard you saved the boat from hitting the shore.”
I smile and nod back and say “Yep.”  He hands me a bag of vanilla wafers.  I really like this guy.  I look back at him and walk out to the main area.  There are a few of us seated in there.  I say hi to Lawrence and a few of the others.  No one is making a big deal about me, so maybe they haven’t heard I’m the hero yet.  I’ll have to tell Karen to make an announcement or something.  I finally make it up to the deck.  Jim and Evan are talking near the wheel.  Evan gives me a dirty look again.  I don’t know what it is with that guy, so this time I stick my tongue out and put my hands in my ears like a moose.  He quickly looks away.  I see Karen behind him shaking her head at me.  She’s talking to Marissa and Jason.  I can’t believe how closely Jason is standing to the side.  For a second I get an idea, but then I see Jim waving for me to come over.  I walk over to the wheel, luckily Evan goes down below.
“Okay.  Seth.  I think we’re ready to go whenever you are.  How are you feeling?”
“I’m doing much better now.   I’m all warmed up.  I’ll try and start up the engine. “
“I’ve got it about three quarter of the way full, so it should be enough for us to get out to the ocean right?”
“And then some.  I want to get the sails up as soon as possible though.”  I place my hand up in the air and feel the heavy breeze run through my fingers.  ‘We have a good wind going.”
“That also means the smoke is going to get here sooner.”
“Let’s get going then.  You guys got the sails again.  We’ve got more help now.  I look over at Jason and Thomas.  Jason is still standing very close to the side of the boat.  We spend about an hour running on the diesel.  I was surprised it actually started up on the second try. Jim has them get the sails up, much easier this time with the additional help.  I even have Jason and Thomas climb the rigging and get the top sails up.  I tried to hit some waves while they were up there but apparently it wasn’t enough because Jason came down safely.  I better clarify again that I really don’t want anything to happen to Jason, it’s just that he’s married to my daughter, my special daughter Marissa.  I see her talking to Karen so I give her a quick wave.  She returns with a nice smile.  I wonder if Jason gets those nice smiles too.  For the rest of the day we continue heading towards the Atlantic, the wind is up to about twenty knots or so, so we’re actually moving along fairly quickly.  I’m actually enjoying this.  The smoke is starting to thin out a little bit too.  Maybe I should light up a cigar.  It looks like most everyone is on deck sitting along the sides enjoying the beautiful day.  The only one I don’t see is Evan.  I hope he’s not trying to take over our cabin or searching through our closets, maybe I should let Karen know about the bag of guns.  I decide to stay at the wheel the rest of the night as well.  Jim and Evan are organizing different shifts for everyone to sleep and stay on deck to help me out.  Maybe Evan will realize now that I am in charge, don’t tell anyone that’s the real reason I’m not giving up the wheel.  We sail through the night and into the next day.  I think on the third day we finally make it out into the ocean.  The air is crisp and clean, no sign of smoke or any destruction.  It’s kind of a déjà vu for Karen and me because this is where we started out a few years ago when the virus hit.  I did give up the wheel yesterday for a while so I could go to sleep in our cabin.  I insisted that Thomas take over the helm duties since he is the only other person with any sailing experience.  I was happy when I woke up to see we were still floating.  We’re back to eating fairly well too, Tim has plenty of food to work with and some of the guys have taken to fishing off the stern.  I think they have even caught some good-sized fish.  My days are pretty much the same now though, I’m either steering the boat or sleeping in our captain’s cabin.  The only time I ever see Evan is when we’re passing by each other when he’s going to his bunk.  Yesterday I actually laughed seeing him cramped up in there, but neither he nor Karen were happy about that so I made sure and locked the door to our cabin.  Yes, we even have a lock.  I love being the captain, though I still haven’t found a uniform.


Chapter 16

Well it’s been about three months now that we’ve been at sea on the Virginia.  I’m still sailing about half the day and sleeping and eating the other.  I still pretend to understand how to use the compass with no numbers on it too.  Thomas tells me he’s using it all the time, I wonder if he’s pretending like me.  I hope so.  We’re not really going anywhere, just kind of staying off the Florida coastline.  We’re far enough away that we can’t see any land and close enough to avoid any open water storms.  I’ve been told to keep things smooth so the babies don’t get upset.  Speaking of babies, Marissa is closer along to delivering Baby Seth.  She’s actually showing quite a bit now.  Karen and Marissa keep telling me to treat her normally, so every time I see her I drop whatever I’m doing and help her walk or sit down, so much for Jason.  I actually have him working so much I don’t think he even sees her anymore.  Karen has spoken to me about it a few times, but I keep telling her he’s vital to our survival so she lets it go at least for now.  I’m still having fun sailing the schooner, though it has gotten a little boring now that the wind has slowed down.  Thomas is still doing the bulk of the sailing besides me, but Jim has taken an interest and has actually picked up finessing the wind pretty well.  I’m thinking of making him my assistant captain.  I could ask Karen to finally make us some uniforms.  I’m not really sure how much longer we will keep going. We’ve had a few people earn their sea legs out here and a few others are still working on them.  It is also quite cramped with sixty-six of us on board.  I haven’t seen any smoke since we got out to sea, but Jim insists it’s still there.  I still really miss the White House, if you ask Karen she’ll tell you I complain about not being there every day, but I think I’ve been pretty positive because I haven’t mentioned bowling night or my bike.  I haven’t even talked about the tigers recently, though I thought I saw one swimming besides us the other day till Jim told me it was time for me to end my shift.  I think the sun is starting to get to me.  Today the sky is quite overcast and the wind is blowing stronger than usual.  I hope we’re not going to get a storm because I’ll get yelled if it gets bumpy, there are a couple of things I don’t like about being in charge, but for the most part I’m enjoying it.  I always take the day shift, captain’s priorities I told Karen.  She thinks I should let Jim and Thomas sail during the day and let them sleep at night once in a while, but so far she has let me continue this way.  I guess she doesn’t like being alone in that big cabin.  Marissa has been sleeping in there when we’re on deck, though Karen has been busy helping all those working on their sea legs.  I think she said she is almost out of sea sickness pills.  I always make sure whenever someone is sick to make sure they are seated behind me with their mouths pointing over the side.  I think I saw Jason back there one day and I’m sure I smiled and may have turned into a couple of extra waves.  I see all the white crests on the waves around us. I’m feeling a little nervous about the waves not because of the boat but because of Karen yelling at me.  We don’t have anyone behind me today looking green, but it’s still early.  Jason and Thomas up high working on the sails and Jim has the late shift tonight.  I haven’t seen Evan in a few days.  I think Karen said he has switched to the night shift.  I have thought about trying it one night, I think I would really enjoy the peacefulness and the stars surrounding me, but for now I need my sleep and I wouldn’t want to miss out on one of Tim’s fresh meals.  They are definitely getting better every day with the fresh seafood coming in.  I think he has a few others helping him the galley.  I never go in there anymore except to get a bag of vanilla wafers, that’s my new passion.  I’m glad he stocked up on those before we left.  I did go in there a few weeks ago and hid a bunch of the bags in a closet so no one else would get any crazy ideas about them.  I think only Tim knows.  Still no cakes, but the cookies are a good substitute.  The wind is really picking up now.  I almost lost a bag of wafers off the side and as Karen would say it is probably the only thing that I would jump overboard for.  You could probably add Tim to that list too.  Everyone is beginning to go into the cabin, because of the wind.  It’s only Jason, Thomas and me on deck now.  Jason is still all the way up the forward mast.  He’s really particular about those sails and he has actually gotten pretty good with them, so I’m actually hoping he holds on and doesn’t fall off as the strong winds blow across the deck.  Karen would definitely be pleased if she knew what I was thinking.  I turn the wheel slightly to the port side to keep the wind directly off us and I think we speed up a little.  Like I said we’re not going anywhere so speed is not an issue, but I do like to pretend I’m racing for the America’s Cup and so far I have won every race and received hundreds of trophies.  Karen would be so proud if she could get into my head and experience them with me.  
“Seth…over there.”  At first I think it’s the wind talking to me, so I answer back, “what.”  But I don’t hear any answer.  “Seth…look.”  I finally realize it’s Jason above me calling me and pointing off to the starboard side.  I quickly look down to make sure my vanilla wafer bag hasn’t blown overboard and he’s letting me know.  I’m instantly relived when I see it at my feet.  I turn my head and look at what he’s pointing at.  I can’t tell what it is, but there’s something on the horizon.  I wonder if we’re too close to shore, I’m immediately worried everyone’s going to find out I don’t know how to read this compass.  I wish I had my laptop from the Jupiter 6 with all my instruments.   I’m squinting my eyes and trying to figure out what I’m seeing, maybe Karen is right I need to get glasses.  I’ll check and see if there’s an eye doctor on board later.  Suddenly I feel my heart skip a beat, there’s another boat coming right for us.  I can see the giant sails.  I wonder if they can see us, maybe I should fix my hair.  I can’t believe it, there’s actually another boat out here, though it is getting foggy and my mind could be playing tricks on me.  An instant later Jason is right beside me.  I think about pushing him over the side for a second, just kidding.
“That’s a boat right Seth?”  I nod my head.  I’m glad he still calls me Seth because if he ever said Dad, I would push him over.
“That looks like sails.” I say.  We’re still quite a distance away but it is definitely another boat.  “It looks like it’s moving.  Were saved…were saved.”
Jason looks at me oddly, “From what?”
 “I don’t know, it just sounds like the right thing to say.”  Maybe I will push him over now while nobody is looking.
“What do you think of the sky?  It looks like a bad storm is coming.”
I look all around me.  I notice it this time.  The sky is darkening and the wind is picking up even more.  “Why don’t you guys take down some sails, just in case plus I want to be able to get near that boat.”  I can’t take my eyes off of it.  It’s still not much more than a dot on the horizon.  I start yelling Karen’s name, a minute later she appears on the ladder coming up from the cabin holding another bag of wafers.
“Let me guess you ran out.”  
I look down and notice the bag is almost empty.  “No…I mean yes I am almost out, but look over there.”  I watch her look into the foggy horizon.
“Is that what I think it is?” I nod
“Were saved…were saved.”  I scream jumping up and down.
“From what?”
“Why does everyone say that?”  I grab the wafer bag from her hand and we both watch the boat grow larger and larger as we close in on it.  I’m not really sure what to do so I just maintain the same course were on.  The wind has actually died down a little and the fog is clearing up.  I can definitely see the boat up ahead.  It is directly in front of us now.  Most everyone has come up from down below, except I don’t see Tim which is probably a good thing because that means he’s making dinner.  He rarely comes up at all.  There is a bunk right off the galley that I think he sleeps in when he’s not cooking, but otherwise he’s in the galley most of the time.  Karen says ever since we got on this boat I have become anti-social, but I just don’t have the time to make small talk.  Like I said before, I’m either sailing, sleeping or eating.  I reach in a grab a few of the wafers.  They are always so fresh right out of the bag.  I smile at Karen, but her eyes are still focused on the boat ahead.  Now that it has gotten closer, it is definitely a sailboat like ours, but it is much smaller and looks like it has one mast.  It is moving along fairly quickly, I think faster than we are, I hope they don’t want to race.  It looks like it might be no more than thirty feet long.  It’s still too far away to see anyone on board, but the way it is sailing there’s no way it can be a ghost ship.  
“Who do you think it is Seth?”
“I don’t know, but they definitely see us now, because they are aiming right at our bow.”  I watch Karen look at the boat than at the compass.  I hope she doesn’t know how to read this.  I quickly look away.  “I knew there had to be other survivors out there, probably living on their boat like us when it happened.”
Karen nods.  “They’re really moving fast aren’t they?”  I answer yes.  I hope she’s not suggesting we’re going too slow.  I want to yell to Jason to pull in the sails, but I see some movement on the bow of the boat ahead of us.  They are close enough now that we can see them.  They are probably no more than about two hundred yards away now.  I can see the gleaming white hull springing through the water towards us.  I hope they turn soon, so they don’t hit us.  It looks like one of those “J” racing boats I used to always tell Karen we needed, but she always said no.  I guess by now you have probably figured out who the real boss is, but don’t let Evan know.  They’re closing in on us fast now.  We’re no more than a hundred yards away.  I feel so excited even though this kind of thing has happened several times over the last few years.  It is always great to see you’re not alone in this world.  You’ll probably have to trust me on this if you live in a crowded area.  I turn the wheel slightly to the starboard because they are not veering.  They haven’t slowed down either.  I turn into the wind slightly to idle our speed.  I’m hoping they’ll pull right alongside us.  I can see at least two or three people on board standing on the deck.  They appear to be looking at us.  It’s only a matter of a minute or two till they reach us.  I’m already trying to think what I should say.  I really wish I was wearing a captain’s outfit.  I’m not even wearing my bowling shirt today.  I’ll have to make sure they know I’m in charge.  They are only about twenty yards away now.  They’re going to pull right alongside us on the port side.  They’ll be so close we could probably touch them if we reach out.  I wonder if I should try.  I look at Karen and she is already shaking her head no.  I still don’t know how she does that.  I see four men.  They are dressed oddly in bright colors and some kind of hats covering most of their faces.  As soon as I start to wave, I feel my heart shatter as it beats to an unnatural speed.  “Bam…bam…bam.”  They are shooting at us.  They are each holding rifles and aiming at us.  I can see some of our people going down too quickly.  I grab Karen and throw her down in the cockpit underneath me.  I don’t see Marissa, but I hear Karen screaming to me she is down below.  I can hear nothing but the sound of gunshots ringing out next to us.  How can this be?  What are they doing?  Who are these people?   I can see and feel pieces of the deck splintering all around.  I have no idea if anyone is hurt or not.  Why does this stuff keep happening, first Charles and now this?  I want to look up and see if it’s Charles reincarnated but I don’t dare move.   I push down Karen so hard I can feel her heart beating through her back.  A minute later, I hear an unfamiliar voice yelling, it’s definitely not Charles, but it’s getting very close to where we are.  I’m nervous.  I try and peek up through the cockpit.  I see two men dressed in long red and green shirts, like the ones you see in family Christmas cards.  I’m glad Karen can’t see them so she won’t get any ideas.  I press down a little harder on her until I feel her start to wince so I let up a little.
“Just give us what we want and we’ll leave.”  I hear a voice yelling.  It sounds like he might have a slight British accent but it’s hard to tell in the wind.
“What do you want?”  It’s Jim I hear answering back.  I hope Karen doesn’t think he’s braver than me.  I start to sit up until I feel a hand pull me back down, so much for me being brave.
“Give us your food and anything else we need.”  I turn my head a little.  I can see the man who’s talking.  He’s not tall, but he’s fairly stocky.  He has long brown hair tucked under a green stocking cap.  He looks maybe thirty at most.
“Who are you guys?”
“We’re survivors like you…c’mon just get us what we want.”  I can see him pointing the rifle at the cabin entrance.  I don’t see Tim.  There are two men standing on the boat while the man talking is standing next to another one.  He is much taller and thinner.  He’s wearing a stocking cap too but I can’t see any hair.  He appears to be a few years older.  I lift my head up some more.  I can see everyone lying down on the deck.  I don’t see anyone who looks hurt, so I do feel a little better.  I take a deep breath.  I hope Marissa is hiding. Maybe Tim is hiding the food.  I hope these guys don’t like cookies, especially vanilla wafers.  I’m glad I hid most of them.  I wonder if I should let Karen know how smart I was. I look up at the sails and see they’re flapping in the wind.  I can see Jason and Thomas near the top of the masts.  They must have climbed up when these guys came aboard.  I should show Karen so she thinks that Jason isn’t so brave either, but she is holding her finger in front of her mouth, so I don’t say anything.  I watch Jim shuffle down the ladder with the man with the gun following right behind.  The tall thin guy is standing right outside the entrance.  I hope he doesn’t have a big appetite, because he looks like he needs to eat.  About five minutes later, they both come back up carrying a large bag.  I can’t tell what’s inside, but it looks like a lot of food.  I feel myself craving cookies.  I wonder if I should tell Karen.  I watch him hand the bag to one of the other guys on the small boat.  They are dressed like they shop at Benetton too.  Maybe we could trade food for clothes.  I would look more like a captain with something like that.  I start to ask Karen but she tells to be quiet because the stocky Benetton man is pointing at Thomas and waving for him to come down.  I slowly sit up and watch as Thomas slowly crawls down.  I can see Jason watching from above.  I try and wonder what he’s thinking.  As soon as Thomas steps onto the deck the stocky man points his rifle at him and motions him to get on the other boat.  I quickly sit up despite Karen’s protests.  I want to say you have the wrong guy, the one you want is still up there, but instead I yell out, “what are you going to do with him?”  I watch as both of them turn towards me, their rifles too.  I’m standing all the way up now.  I look down at Karen.  She must be thinking what a brave husband she has, but it looks like her mouth is saying something about me being stupid.  I wonder if she doesn’t realize what she’s saying.
The short stocky guy with the long hair points his weapon directly at my head.  “I told you were here to get what we need and we need him.”
“Where are you going to take him?” I look back at Karen she is shaking her head.  I wonder if it’s a good time to offer up Jason instead.  I turn my head back towards the man with the gun.  He seems surprised by my asking a question.  Most of his brown hair has fallen out from under the hat.
“We need him.  We actually need a few more.”  He points his rifle at Jim.  “Let’s go…step on over.”  He reluctantly climbs onto the boat.  I can’t believe this.  I look back at Karen.  The man follows my eyes and for a minute I think he’s going to tell Karen to come with him, but he looks away and I take a big deep breath.  I watch as he looks around the deck looking at each face.  I look up hoping he’ll get my idea and take Jason but he just stares at the cabin.  “Bring me the pregnant one.”



Chapter 17 

“No…you’re not taking Marissa.  Take me.  Please let her be.  Please.  She’s pregnant.”  I feel my heart breaking in a thousand pieces.  I start to step towards the man.  I see the other one dragging Marissa up the ladder.
“One more step and I’ll pull the trigger.”  He no longer has an accent.
“Look.  She needs to stay here.  Go ahead and shoot me.”  He lifts the rifle up and points it at me looking down the sight.
“How about if I go instead?”  I turn my head behind me and Karen is standing up in the cockpit.  “I’m a nurse.”  
I watch the man’s beady eyes scrutinize Karen for a minute.  I don’t like what I’m seeing.  Jim and Thomas are standing on the side of their boat watching us.  One of the men that stayed on the boat is holding a gun towards them.  “No, I’ll take the girl.”  I look at Marissa as the tall guy drags her onto their boat.  I can’t believe it.  They have my daughter and there’s nothing I can do.  I start to walk towards the side.  “I’m warning you.  I’ll shoot if you come any closer.”
“I don’t care.”  I feel like I’m going to explode.
“Seth…stop.  We’ll get her back.”  I look at Karen.  Her eyes are full of tears.  I look back at the man with the gun.  His finger is on the trigger.  My feet are frozen to the deck.  I can’t move.  I watch him back up keeping the gun pointed directly at me.  I can see Marissa standing, holding onto the side of the boat.  She is crying. I can’t believe how young she looks.  I feel a tap on my shoulder and Jason is standing next to me.
“I’m going to go Seth.”  He whispers into my ear.  I immediately grab his arm to stop him.
“No…stay please we need you to get her back.”  I feel him pushing away from me, so I hold on with both hands.  Karen must be so proud of me trying to keep him safe.  I won’t tell her I just need him for the upper sails.  He’s the only one left willing to climb the rigging.  The stocky man jumps back onto his boat.  He’s still pointing the rifle at me.  “Where are you going to take them?”  I feel like all the blood has been drained from my body.  Karen is holding onto me.  I’m still clutching Jason.  I’m not sure if he’s still trying to get away.  I can’t take my eyes off her.  She looks so innocent.  One hand is holding her slightly bulging stomach.  I feel like it might be the last time I’ll see her.  I see Jim step forward and place his hands on her shoulders.  I think he’s doing that to make us feel better, but it’s not helping.  I feel like I’m going to collapse right on the deck.  I’m glad Karen is holding onto me.
“They’ll be safe. We just need them.  Don’t try anything stupid.”
“Why are you doing this?”
“To survive,” He answers.  I want to reach out and slam my fist into him.
“Stay with us, we can survive together.”  I’m pleading with everything I have.  I feel tears rolling down my face. “You can have our cabin.”  I hope Evan didn’t hear that. 
“Won’t work, we’ve already tried that and only the four of us survived…sorry but this is the way it’s got to be.”  I watch in amazement as he pushes off the schooner and their boat catches the wind and starts sailing away from us.  I stand there staring at Marissa as she gets smaller and smaller.
“Seth…don’t just stand there follow them.”  I look back at Karen and grab the wheel.
“Jason get those sails going.”  I watch as he climbs up the rigging.  I turn the wheel in the same direction they are headed.  I can see the name “Sea Breeze” on the stern of the boat.  They’re at least a hundred yards ahead and moving at probably three knots faster than we are, but once we get going we should be able to catch them…I hope.  I look up and see the sails finally filling with wind.  We’re heading out towards the ocean.  I wonder where.  I can’t see Marissa anymore or anyone just the outline of their mast and sails on the horizon in front of us.  I start blowing at our sails hoping we move quicker.  I feel like we’re not moving at all.  “Karen can you take the wheel.”  She nods and turns the Virginia slightly to stay on course with them.  If we lose them I know they will be lost forever and I will never see Marissa or Baby Seth.  I run towards the cabin.  I hear Karen telling me it’s no time for a snack but I don’t look back and keep going.  I run right by the galley.  I think Tim says something, but I don’t listen I just keep moving.  I wonder if he’ll tell Karen.  I make it to our cabin and I head towards the far closet.  I rip out a bunch of sheets and towels and pull out the blue duffle bag and empty it on the bed.  Three handguns fall out.  I scoop them up and start calling for Evan.  A minute later I meet him in the main cabin.  He grabs one of the guns.  I hand him the ammo and watch him load it up.  I hope he doesn’t shoot me.   I do the same with mine.  We don’t say anything because there’s nothing to be said.  I run back up the ladder.  I see Karen carefully steering us in pursuit of them, but we are not gaining at all.  She looks concerned when she realizes I’m holding two guns, but she looks away and focuses on our course instead.  I run across the deck and wave for Jason to come down.  I hand him the third gun and show him how to load it.  Not sure what we’re going to do with them, but I do feel better.  I wonder how far they can shoot.  I see Evan head to the bow and sit at the very end, his eyes focused on the Sea Breeze, better them than me.  At least with his former military training we have him on our side.  I don’t care if he ever talks to me again.  I walk back to Karen and she gives me the wheel.  She quickly disappears down below.  I focus everything on the boat in front of me despite it becoming smaller by the minute, we are losing this race.  I can’t lose Marissa and Baby Seth.  I hear myself screaming their names but it isn’t doing any good because we aren’t moving any faster.  If it gets dark there’s no way we will see them at this distance.  I know we can’t get too close because they have rifles but with the wind out here I’m hoping they won’t be able to shoot accurately, I just hope Marissa doesn’t get hit in the crossfire.  I try to take anything negative out of mind, nothing but catching them.  I’m in the race of my life.  Every hour of boating experience comes down to this.  This is life or death.  I scream to Jason to tighten our sails.  Lawrence is about halfway up the deck working the first mast.  I’m controlling the rear one.  I have everything pulled as tight as it will go and it’s still not enough.  We need more wind.  I think I have been clutching the wheel now for about eight hours straight with white knuckles.  Karen has been seated behind me almost the entire time.  Even Tim has come by several times with food, they didn’t take all the wafers, but I’m not hungry I haven’t had one bite.  Darkness is starting to creep in and we are probably a good quarter mile behind them now.  It’s getting harder and harder to see them, all it takes is one turn and they are gone, gone forever as I keep saying out loud.  Karen has her hands covering her face, like me she has been crying all day and trying to move The Virginia faster with our minds.  I’m not sure how such a small boat is handling the ocean so well.  I would think we would be able to cruise through the ocean much quicker and easier but we are no match for them.  I can almost picture them looking back at us, I’ve stuck my tongue out several times and Karen didn’t even say anything.  In fact she hasn’t spoken a word all day and neither have I.  Everyone has been coming up to us and telling us how sorry they are. We both just look at them and nod.  I don’t think I could speak if I wanted to.  I just can’t believe why or how they would come here and take our daughter.  Jason finally came down from the rigging a few hours ago, I think we’re going about as fast as we can, just under than ten knots.  I’ve even tried the motor several times but it doesn’t go any faster.  We’re headed directly out into the Atlantic.  I really hope those guys with the Benetton colors don’t just look good but know what they’re doing too.  I can barely see them ahead now, they are no more than a blurry dot on the dark horizon, the sun has all but settled for the night leaving behind a reddish colored sky, I hope what they say about red skies at night bring sailors delight, but I’m not very hopeful.  I try and picture Marissa leaning over the side of the boat staring at us with her face full of tears.  How could I let this happen?  I try and scream out that we’ve been through enough, but my mouth isn’t communicating with my brain so the only noise I’m hearing is a mumbled scream.  No one even pays attention, maybe I should yell louder.  I’m still clutching the wheel as tightly as I can and holding three lines in my hands pulling them snug, but it’s not helping we are losing this race.  I even tried to get back into my imaginary America’s Cup race but it didn’t help make us go any faster, maybe I should try barking out orders again.  I wonder if Jason would listen.  It is almost completely dark and I think my eyes are pretending to see them now because there is nothing on the horizon anymore.  I’m just aiming at where they were.  The wind has dropped at least five knots so we’ve slowed down even more.  This isn’t fair.  I can’t even cry or scream anymore.  I don’t have the energy or the know-how.  Our world is over.  I look over at Karen. Her face is an eerie ashen-green color.  I hope she isn’t going to vomit.  She looks at me with blank eyes.  I have never felt this helpless.  I look up and there’s not even a moon visible. I wonder if things can get any worse, and of course they can because a minute later our sails start to ruffle.  What little wind we have has changed direction forcing us to change our course, now were not even heading in the same direction Marissa was going.  I spend the next several hours tacking back and forth trying to go at least where I think they are.  I really wish I knew how to use this compass.  I glance back at Karen. She is sound asleep, her head lying on the side of the cockpit.  I hope she’s dreaming about the America’s Cup races, anything will help.  I watch the darkness envelope us into our own little world.  I have never felt more alone since this has happened.  I would even welcome a tiger, but don’t let anyone else know that especially them.  I spend the rest of the night trying to keep us moving but it’s getting harder and harder as the wind keeps changing and slowing down.  Finally I can see traces of light streaking the horizon. The sun has finally decided to wake up.  I’m sure he had a good night’s sleep. Maybe I’ll ask him what happened to his buddy, the moon last night since he was a no-show.  I wish I had their life.  I scan the horizon with the sun’s light and I can see nothing, they are gone.  I have no idea which way to go.  I watch as Karen’s eyes open and she looks out ahead.  I can see the disappointment in her face.  I hope the sun and moon are seeing this too.  Evan slowly walks back towards us shaking his head.  He disappears down below.  I wonder if he’s going to his uncomfortable bunk.  Jason is still seated up ahead on the deck.  He’s been up there all night.  I can’t see his face, but I can picture the sadness in him.  I’m sure Karen would appreciate my sympathy towards him, though I’m in no mood to ask.  The sun has finally risen all the way up and nothing but blue sky and emerald colored water can be seen, but no Sea Breeze.  It’s like they have just disappeared, we are in the Bermuda Triangle. At least I think we are because I don’t know how to navigate this thing.   I see Tim slowly enter the cockpit from the cabin below.  He’s carrying two cups of something hot and some bread.  I grab them from him and sip the hot coffee.  I don’t even care that it’s not hot chocolate or that the bread isn’t the good kind, though I hope that doesn’t mean the Benetton guys took the good stuff.  I watch as Karen sips her coffee and bites into the bread.  I wonder if she notices it’s not the good stuff either. Maybe I should suggest we find a Starbucks out here.  I remember reading they were going to expand overseas, but I don’t say anything so I’m sure Karen is happy.    There’s nothing else to do at this point except to keep heading in the direction they were last seen, maybe their bright shirts will stand out in the sunlight and give us a glimpse but at this point it looks like they are gone.



Chapter 18  

Well we’ve been going all day and still no sign of the Sea Breeze, not even the shirts.  We’re still heading in the same direction.  I guess eventually we’ll land in China if we go far enough.  I wonder if Tim makes a good Pu-Pu platter.  I can already see the sun getting ready to call it a day and still no moon. I guess he’s on vacation.  Karen has finally gone down below. I think she needed to get some sleep.  I could use some too.  I haven’t left the wheel yet.  Lawrence has offered a few times to take over so maybe I’ll take him up on it tonight.  Jason is sleeping on and off on the deck.  I think he’s trying to keep a watchful eye for Marissa.  He has been really helpful trimming the sails, so I haven’t tried to knock him over the side by going over any rogue waves or anything.  The wind is holding pretty steady at about twenty knots so we’re moving along a little quicker, but with no idea what direction the Sea Breeze has gone it doesn’t matter.  I wonder if there’s a Benetton store out here.  I finally nod to Lawrence to take over for me.  I can’t keep my eyes open anymore.  I slowly walk away from the cockpit feeling defeated and climb down below.  I walk straight through the main cabin past the galley.  I think I see Evan curled up in one of the bunks.  He doesn’t say anything to me so I just keep my eyes forward.  I enter into our cabin, I see Karen sound asleep on the bed.  I place my gun on a small teak table nightstand and crawl under the covers.  I don’t even mention the Presidential comforter tonight for the first time since we left.  I doubt Karen even notices.  She looks like she is really out, and she calls me a sound sleeper.  I can hear the babies crying quietly next to us, but I force myself not to listen it because makes me miss Marissa and Baby Seth even more.
“It’s okay Seth…you did the best you could.  I’m proud of you for trying.”  I nod.  “We’ll find them.  I promise.”  I lift my head up again as one of the baby’s voices cuts through the darkness next door.  I can’t help but start crying.  I feel tears flowing down my face.  Karen wraps her arms around me.
“I can’t believe we’re never even going to see Baby Seth.”  I wipe my eyes.
“Oh Seth…you and this Baby Seth, I promise if you can find them we’ll talk about naming him Seth.”
I almost smile for the first time till I feel the salty taste of a tear slide across my lip.  “I have no idea where they went.”
“I know, but they can’t go too far, remember they are on a sailboat too, and besides they don’t have an experienced sailor like you guiding them.”  I guess it’s not a good time to let her know that Lawrence is at the helm now.  I think he said the first boat he was ever on was the Washington and that one sunk.
“Do you think she’s okay?”  I watch her eyes light up like someone has turned on a switch.
“You know Marissa Seth, if anyone is going to make it through this she will, especially now that she has our grandson inside her….”
“Baby Seth.”
“Yes…Seth.  Baby Seth if that’s what you want to call him for now.  We have to stay positive and not lose hope.  There’s a reason we have come this far.”
“I guess you’re right, but I just don’t understand.”
“I know and neither do I.” I watch as she reaches over behind her.   “I’ve got something for you.  Close your eyes.”   I close my eyes, but I leave my left one slightly open.  “Seth…close them both.”
“How do you always know?”
“We’ve been married a long time Seth Winston.  Hold out your hands.”  I wipe the tears from my eyes and hold my hands all the way out.  A minute later I feel something heavy in my hands.
“It’s a bowling ball.”  I yell out causing another baby to cry.
“Oh Seth open your eyes.”  I look in my hands and I’m holding a stack of thick chocolate brownies.
“Where did you get these?”
I watch as a tear runs down her cheek from her left eye.  “Marissa was working with Tim to make them for you before they took her.”  I can’t take my eyes off them.
“Marissa?”
“Yes.  She would want you to enjoy them.”  We both spend the next twenty minutes eating brownies and crying till we fall asleep.  I think we’re both covered in chocolate but neither of us care.  The brownies were the most delicious thing I have ever eaten.  Even better than the Black Forest cake, but I won’t tell Tim that.   We wake up the next morning to the smell of toast and bacon.  I can’t believe it, I feel like I’m dreaming.  I hop out of bed surprising Karen.  I can still smell the chocolate from the brownies Marissa made but the bacon and toast smell is grabbing hold of me and leading me towards the galley.  I take a seat on one of the benches and see Tim placing large plates of bacon and toast in the center of the table.  There are a few of us already seated.  I don’t say good morning or anything because the toast is already in my mouth at least that will be my excuse for telling Karen.  A minute later, she walks out and sits next to me.  She acknowledges everyone else except for me. She looks at me and shakes her head, but at least she doesn’t say anything.  I inch the bacon plate a little closer to me after I finish what’s on my plate till Karen slides it back towards the center.  I’m still not really hungry but I don’t know what else to do and it smells so good.  I watch as Evan and Jason sit down opposite us.  Karen gives Jason a long hug then she looks at me so I grab another piece of toast.   I’m hoping Marissa is enjoying something like this today too, but I have my doubts.  I miss her so much. I quickly grab two more pieces of bacon before Jason can get any.  Finally, Karen moves the plate away from me and closer to Jason.  I want to say I’m her husband but Lawrence springs into the dining room and he doesn’t spring very often so I take notice.  I hope he’s not a bacon lover too.
“Seth…Seth come up quick.  I’ve got something for you to see.”  My first thought is maybe it’s my own personal plate of bacon, but that quickly changes when I get topside and see the large mass on the horizon.  It’s way too big to be the Sea Breeze or a plate of bacon, but it is definitely a land form.
“Land ho…land ho.”  I start yelling, not really sure why, but it brings everyone else up on deck.  I think about how the bacon and toast plates are not being watched right now and I start moving in that direction till Karen shakes her head.
“What is that Seth?”
“It’s China.”
“Please Seth…be serious.  It’s not China.”
“It’s probably the Bahamas then.”  I look at the looming land mass directly off the starboard bow.
“Could that be where they took Marissa?”
“Let’s go find out.”  I quickly walk back and take the wheel from Lawrence.  I hope he doesn’t go down and eat all the bacon and toast.  I start to let go, but Karen shakes her head at me again.
“Just stay put Seth, I know what you want.”  I nod and rub my stomach.  A few minutes later Karen brings up a small plate with a few pieces of toast and bacon, I start to protest over how small it is but she tells me not to complain and to keep steering.  We’re headed directly for the land that I hope is the Bahamas and not China.  I’m not really sure what we’ll do once we get there, but we’ll definitely be looking in every port and inlet for the Sea Breeze.  I actually feel a little better about things, but I’m not sure if it’s because of the bacon and toast or finding the Bahamas.   I place my gun next to the compass as we approach the first island, I’ve never been to the Bahamas but I remember that the outlying islands were the least populated compared to the Nassau area.  I try and figure where I would go if I had a small racing boat.  There’s no way they can be sailing around out here in the open ocean for an extended period. I’m already scanning the first island looking for anyone wearing a strange colored shirt.  I wonder if there’s a Benetton store anywhere in the Bahamas.  We circle around the island for a while and don’t see any racing sailboats or anything for that matter. I’m relieved we didn’t see any Chinese restaurants either.  We spend the rest of the day circling tons of small islands. I never realized how many islands were in the Bahamas.  I think I heard Lawrence or someone say that it is made up of over seven hundred islands, so we may be here for a while.  
“What do you think Seth?  We’ve been going all day and it’s starting to get dark.” 
I look at Karen standing next to me. Her eyes are still red and moist probably from crying again all day.  I really thought we were going to find her today.  I feel so let down.  “We did well though because we only have six hundred and seventy-two more to check.”
“Don’t you think they would be in the more populated areas like Nassau?”
“Probably, I guess we can head that way tomorrow.  How about we see if Tim can make us a couple of Bahama Mamas?”
“Seth.  I think you should call it a day and throw the anchor.”
I call out for Jason and Lawrence. I even try yelling for Evan but he doesn’t show up, so I start telling Jason and Lawrence how to throw the anchor.
“Seth don’t you think you should do it.  Lawrence is pretty old.”  Karen says to me.  I watch the two of them up on the bow struggling to lift the anchor.
“We’ve got to break him in Karen.”
“Seth he officiated Marissa’s wedding isn’t that enough.”  I think back to the day she was married.  It seems like it was just yesterday but so much has happened since then.  I wish we could go back to that day and re-live all those memories, especially the cake and maybe me turning around with Marissa and going the other way.  “Seth…Seth…get up there and help them.  I’ll take the wheel.”  I nod and slowly walk to the bow hoping they get the anchor in before I get there.  I’m still concerned about my bowling arm, don’t tell Karen.  Eventually we get the anchor situated.  I ended up doing quite a bit of lifting. I'm kind of glad I can't bowl tonight anyway because my score would probably be down so I just smile when I get back and see Karen, hopefully she'll appreciate me more.  We spend the rest of the night eating and finally sleeping.  It's amazing how quickly your appetite comes back no matter how bad things are.  I'm already back to eating vanilla wafers again though I’m thinking about asking Tim how he feels about Caribbean style food.  Somehow we make it through the night and as soon as the sun rises we pull up the anchor.  Karen made me help again. I'll have to show her my scorecard the next time I find a bowling alley so she can see what she is doing to me.  We sail past a few more islands and don't see any signs of the Sea Breeze. After many hours and many bags of vanilla wafers I finally see something I recognize, Atlantis.  The gleaming rose-colored towers stand up in the sky showing off their upscale rooms and views. I wonder if we can get discount rate since it is off-season.  I'll have to see what Karen thinks.  I think we could use a vacation.  I try and look for the water slides, especially the one that slides right through the aquarium full of fish and sharks.  Maybe they even have tiger sharks.  I wave at the lighthouse on Paradise Island as we pass by it. I don’t think anyone waves back.  I think just about everyone is on deck, even the babies are topside, we’re all enjoying the scenery and looking everywhere for the Sea Breeze, so far nothing.  I can see Jason high up on the mast looking in all directions too.  We are slowly cruising down the middle of the channel.  I had Jason take down the sails, luckily Karen was below so I didn't have to help and I could stay at the wheel.  I've got the engine running now as we approach Nassau.  There are a bunch of cruise ships docked at a large pier on the Nassau side. I hope they won't mind if we go by them.  Most of them look as though they have seen better days. I guess they didn't invest in the rust proof plan either.  I yell out for them to look at us and see how good we look when we go by till Karen and everyone else looks at me funny. They must have never been on a cruise before.  I wonder if I could learn how to drive one of those, I think about asking Karen until I hear Jason yelling and pointing at a small dock near one of the towers.  I immediately feel my stomach lurch upward towards my throat when I see a white sailboat loosely tied up at the pier.  On the back is the name Sea Breeze.


Chapter 19

“She’s here Seth.  I can feel it.”  Karen looks at me. Her eyes are full of tears.  I try and answer back but my mouth is full of wafers.
I take a big swallow and look over at the Sea Breeze.  It looks like it’s the only boat tied up at the dock in front of the pink towers everyone sees in the TV commercials. It stands right out. I look up at the massive buildings again and wonder if Marissa is one of those rooms.  “Now we just have to find her.”  I wave for Jason to climb down and Lawrence to come towards me.  I can see Karen looking at me out of the corner of her eye, but it’s hard to tell because she is still crying.  I tell them where we are going to tie up.  There’s a larger dock behind the Sea Breeze that looks like it might be for a small cruise ship or some kind of ferry.  I can’t tell by the sign because of how worn it is.  I quickly turn us around. I can feel my heart racing in my chest.  I can’t believe we found them.  I aim the Virginia slowly at the dock.  “Jason you get the bow, there’s lines on the deck.”  I point at the bow.  “Lawrence, grab the stern.”  I love being in charge.  Karen is still looking at me, but I think she isn’t saying anything because we have found Marissa’s boat.  I can’t take my eyes off it, but I pay attention to the dock as we pull up next to it.  I watch Jason tie up the bow on the first try.  It takes Lawrence a few times to get the stern in, but I don’t say anything, just shake my head.  I’ll have to let Karen know I’m tough and fair at the same time.  Maybe that should be my new motto when I run for the Director again.  I keep ahold of the wheel till we are secure.  I have Jason throw another line mid-ship to make sure we are tight.  I still haven’t seen Evan.  I wonder if I should tell Karen about that, maybe she won’t complain about me not helping out.  Once we feel secure, I switch the engine off and grab my pistol.  I stick it into the front of my pants.  I wonder if I look like a tough guy.  I look back at Karen and she just shakes her head so I don’t ask.  I jump onto the dock and run towards the Sea Breeze at the other end, two minutes later I‘m on board.  I don’t even hesitate. I have the gun out in front of me, even though I doubt I would be able to shoot anyone anyway.  I hope I have the safety off.  I hear someone behind me, I’m hoping it’s Jason or Evan and not one of the Benetton boys getting ready to take me out.  I look back and see Jason creeping along. We both slowly step into the Sea Breeze cockpit.   I try to keep my gun pointed in front of me, but it’s not as easy as it looks in the movies.  The gun is much heavier than I thought it would be. I hope I still look tough.  Maybe Karen is right I should help out more with the anchor to build up my arm strength. The cockpit is filled with polished white fiberglass and high-tech instruments, no wonder they were going so much fast than we were. We carefully walk along the thirty foot flat deck, there are no signs of anything unusual.  Jason points at the cabin entrance, the door is closed but I can see the padlock wide open.  I watch Jason point his gun towards the entrance, so I do the same.  I wish Evan were here.  I lean over and slowly open the door. No one jumps out so I take a deep breath.  I can feel my heart beating so wildly in my chest that it feels like it’s going to fall out.  I hope it doesn’t.  We both peer our heads inside and don’t see anyone so I step down the ladder.  It’s much steeper than the Virginia’s but I’m able to go down frontwards.  I look behind me and see Jason coming down backwards. I quickly remember his name is Jason Mason, so I just shake my head.  We’re standing in the middle of the main cabin.  The ceilings are so low we are both stooped over.  Everything is covered in fiberglass, there isn’t a lot of teak like on the Virginia, I want to yell out that our boat is better, but I look at Jason and don’t say anything.  We both nod and make our way towards the bow. There is a closed door ahead of us.  I feel my heart beating even faster. I wonder if I should call my cardiologist.  I’m scared they are waiting behind the door for us or worse I’ll find Marissa’s body.  I quickly take those thoughts out of my mind as I signal Jason to go ahead and open the door, and Karen says I have no manners.  I aim my gun just over his head as he slowly opens the door.  I think about yelling “boo”, but I keep my mouth shut as we peer into two empty v-berths making up the bow.  We quickly check in the small head and find it empty as well as every other closet and storage compartment.  I even check the small galley and don’t even find a wafer or even a crumb.  It’s like the boat has been scrubbed clean.  I send Jason back outside to check the stern to make sure we have the right boat, he comes back a minute later and says we do.  We spend the next few minutes searching for any clues where they may have gone.  I even check the small dresser in case they left behind any of those colorful shirts.  We spend another ten minutes or so going over every inch of the boat till we realize there’s nothing, no sign of anyone ever even being aboard.  Maybe if we find them we could offer them jobs to keep the Virginia clean.  We slowly make our way back towards The Virginia.  I can see its tall mast looming over the emerald colored water. It looks like a picture from a Bahamas brochure. I wonder if I should smile. Everyone is still up on deck.  I think I even see Tim.  He’s probably wondering if we found the food that was stolen.  I shake my head at him.  I think he understands because he quickly disappears back down below hopefully to get me a bag of wafers.  I reach towards Karen’s hand and jump back up on The Virginia.
“What did you find?”
“Nothing,” I answer back.  “The boat was scrubbed clean.”  I watch Karen sigh.  She must have had the same thoughts I had about finding Marissa’s body on board.  At least we can think she is still alive.  I think back to the last time I saw her leaning over on the Sea Breeze crying uncontrollably and Jim holding onto her shoulders.  I watch as Karen leans over and helps Jason aboard and then gives him a hug.  I start to say something but Karen shakes her head so I take a seat in the cockpit.  A minute later Tim shows up with a plate full of sandwiches.  I’m so glad they didn’t take him.
“Now what?
“We eat.”  I say.
“No Seth, Where do we go from here?”  Karen looks at my plate full of sandwiches.  I grabbed a few extras since no one else was grabbing any.  I even took a few bags of cookies causing Karen to look away.  Maybe I should remind her how brave I was to go to the Sea Breeze.
“I think we should check out those.”  I point towards the towers behind us.  Karen nods.  “What happened to Evan?”  I look at everyone around us and don’t see him.
“He’s staying down below.  He said he isn’t feeling well.”
“How about you Lawrence?  You want to come with us?”  He looks much older than before.  I wonder if it’s from the bright sunlight.  I’ll have to check with Karen later.  He nods.
“Go get Evan’s gun from him and we’ll start looking.”  Lawrence quickly goes down below, at least quickly for him.  It may take us a little while to get to the first building.
“I’m coming with you.”  I turn my head and look at Karen.
“Are you sure?”
“Seth, if Marissa is out there I need to find her, besides someone might need medical help and I’m a nurse.”  I point at Lawrence.  “Seth, be good.”  I start to protest but I can tell by the look in her eyes that I’m not going to be able to change her mind so I agree.  It’s like the time I wanted to buy a new seventy inch LCD for the living room a few years ago and Karen said no.  I knew there was no reason to try and fight, so I suffered with our sixty inch.  We jump off the Virginia and begin walking on the dock toward the Atlantis resort.  I grab a few sandwiches for the walk and stuff a couple of extra bags of wafers in my pockets.  I offer some to Karen but she just shakes her head.  Maybe she’s planning on eating out at one of the nice restaurants inside.  Apparently Lawrence has been here before so we follow him.  I keep whispering to Karen that he walks to slow but she tells me to be quiet, so I keep my eyes forward looking for any sign of activity.  I wonder if I should ask him where the slides are, maybe I should have suggested we bring along bathing suits.  We’re near the Coral Towers according to Lawrence.  I have no idea how were going to find anyone in these things, they are huge.  As we exit the marina area I can’t believe the sculptures and waterfalls making up the landscape.  I keep pretending to snap pictures with my hands till Karen grabs my wrists and tells me to stop.  I feel the excitement begin to grow inside me as we approach the entrance. The entrance is just what I expected opulent and warm. I almost forget about why we are here for a minute when I see the large pool in front of us, I start taking off my shirt till I hear Karen tell me to stop.  We decide to split up for a while. Karen and I go one way and Lawrence and Jason the other.  I joke to Jason to try and keep up with Lawrence but no one laughs.  Karen tells me this is not time for jokes.  We search through the vast lobby and peek in dark restaurants and stores.  I stop in a gift store when I see some bright blue and green shirts and just as I’m about to grab one Karen pulls me the other direction, so much for souvenirs.  We decide to look in a couple of rooms. There’s no way we can check every one, so I suggest we go to one of the ones on the second floor since the elevator isn’t working.  We enter into a long dark hallway and find a few rooms unlocked. As soon as we peer in the first one my heart starts skipping again, maybe there’s a cardiologist down here. We see two bodies or what’s left of them on the bed.  They’ve probably been there since the virus hit.  I did mention to Karen that the rooms have flat screen TV’s but she didn’t seem too impressed.  We do the same for several more until we decide to head back down.  We find Lawrence and Jason already down there with the same results.  We head back outside and into the water area.  I have never seen anything so tantalizing.  I try not to look at any of the attractions till we get to the Royal Towers.  This was definitely worth the walk.  I start to pretend to take pictures again.  I think Karen is just ignoring me now.  We get inside and the lobby is magnificent.  I can’t believe what I’m seeing.  It’s like we’re lost in paradise.  We decide to split up again and we spend the next several hours exploring all the sights.  There is no marine life alive anymore at least as far as I can tell, and Karen won’t let me try any of the slides, but I could tell it was once a great place to go.  We decide to take a break outside near one of the waterfalls that somehow is still working.  We’re guessing it must be solar powered.  Karen actually accepts one of my sandwiches and a few cookies. Luckily she didn’t want a whole bag to herself since I only have two bags left.  Just as we finish eating we hear Jason calling our names.  We answer back and he comes running out of the resort building towards us.  He looks so excited.  I wonder if he got to go on one of the fast slides.  I start to protest when I see Susan behind him.
“Seth…you have to come back.  Evan is dead and they are back out on the boat.”
I swallow my last bite really quickly.  “What do you mean?  What happened to Evan…what boat?”
“Follow me.”  Susan starts to wave us towards her.  She is a little woman who helps out with the kids from time to time and keeps things in order around the White House.  We follow her trying to keep up.  I’m hoping Lawrence got a head start because I don’t see him.  She looks back.  “They came back and Evan tried to stop them from leaving and they shot him.  They had Marissa.”
“Was she okay?”  Karen asks.
“She looked fine…nervous but fine.  Jim and Thomas were tied up, but Marissa was free.  They went out again on the Sea Breeze.”  We begin to run.  I don’t even pay attention to any of the pools or sculptures this time.  My eyes are focused in the direction of The Virginia.  I wonder how far they could have gotten.  



Chapter 20

Twenty minutes later we arrive at the dock where the Sea Breeze was tied up at. Lawrence is already there.  The first thing I see is Evan’s body lying on the dock.  His face is pointed away from us but I can see the pool of blood near his head.  I quickly look away.
“How long ago did this happen?”
“About a half hour ago,” Susan answers calmly.  I can’t believe she’s not even out of breath after that run. I’ll have to ask her how she stays in such good shape.
“Did you see what direction they went?”
“Towards the lighthouse,” She points to the right of me.
“That’s the way we came in right Seth?”  Karen asks.  I nod.  
“Let’s go.  I think we should take Evan with us and let him go out at sea.  I think he would have wanted that.”  I feel Karen’s hand on my shoulder. She gives me a sad but warm smile.  I wonder if it’s a good time to point out that I’m out of cookies.  I don’t say anything.   We load up Evan and place his body on the deck covered with a sheet from down below.  I start up the engine and direct Lawrence and Jason on the lines.  A few minutes later we’re headed back towards the other end of Paradise Island and the lighthouse, so much for our vacation in the Bahamas.  We finally get out into the ocean and Jason and Lawrence and a few others get the sails up.  There’s a pretty strong breeze out here so we instantly start moving fairly quickly.
“Over there Seth…over there.”  I hear voices yelling at me.  It sounds like everyone is yelling at once.  I look to my left and see the lone mast of the Sea Breeze.  They are probably a half mile ahead of us, but the sky and water are so clear we can see for miles.  I quickly point us in their direction sure that they can see us.  I wonder if they got any souvenirs.  I try and look to see if I can see their Benetton shirts but we’re too far away.  After a few minutes I feel like we are catching them.  We are much faster in the heavy wind, and it’s probably blowing close to thirty knots.  I really wish we had some modern equipment.  We follow them for the next several hours.  I think we have closed the gap to a quarter of a mile, but it still seems too far away.  I wish I could see Marissa.  Karen is seated beside me and Jason is back up on the mast keeping track of the sails and the Sea Breeze.  Mostly everyone else is hanging around the deck trying to help out.  I still laugh every time I see Lawrence hustle from one end of the deck to the other to help out with a sail.  Karen keeps telling me to keep my eyes on the Sea Breeze.  I wonder if we’ll be able to catch them before the sun goes down.  I figure as long as this wind keeps up we have a good chance.  
“Tim…Tim.”  I start yelling over and over at the top of my lungs till Karen tells me to shut up.
“What is wrong with you Seth?”
“I’m hungry.”  I watch as Tim comes out of the cabin to try and figure out who was calling him.  Everyone looks in my direction.  “Hi Tim, do we have any of those sandwiches left?”  He nods.  Remember he’s a man of few words, my kind of guy.  I wonder if Karen appreciates him as much as I do.  I look down at my watch, it’s approaching 7:00 PM, and we’re still a good distance away from the Sea Breeze, but we are still gaining.  I’m hoping the sandwiches will give us that last burst of energy before dark to catch them.  A minute later the sandwiches arrive and I feel the wind pick up.
“See I told you so Karen.”  I take a huge bite.
“You told me what?”  She gives me a strange look.
“The food would help.”
“You think the food is making us go faster?”
I nod my head, “Yep.”  I scan the food plate he brought up and don’t see any cookies.  “Tim.”  I scream out.
“Now what Seth, please leave him alone.”
“There are no cookies.”  I watch Tim look back at me and shake his head.
“We’re out of them.”
“What?”  I scream out.  I almost let go of the wheel.
“Seth…stop it.  Eat your sandwich.”
Tim stops at the top of the cabin and looks at me.  “We only had so many bags and they took some too.”  He points at the Sea Breeze.  I nod my head and go back to concentrating on the sandwiches.
“You happy now Seth?  Please just try and catch them.  It’s getting dark.”  I look around us and see what looks like a gray blanket beginning to wrap its arms around us.  I tighten the lines some more.  I can still see the Sea Breeze but it is starting to fade some with the diminishing light.  I eat another sandwich.  A little while later darkness totally eclipses our view of the Sea Breeze but I think I can hear it bobbing up and down in the waves so I think we’ll be okay.  As soon as the morning sun starts to rise, I can see the Sea Breeze right in front of us.  They are no more than a hundred yards off our bow.  I start to yell causing everyone to come back up on deck.  Even Tim shows up, he must have thought I was getting hungry.  Karen opens her eyes. She fell asleep next to me a few hours ago.  I see the excitement growing in her face.  I yell to Jason to climb the mast and pull down some of the sails, we are going too fast.  I check my pistol and slide it closer to my hands on the wheel.  We are moving closer.  I can see one of the Benetton shirts standing at the wheel.  It looks like there is just one person on top.  I can’t tell if he’s holding a rifle or not, but I tell everyone to head down below, except for Jason, he stays up on the mast.  I watch Karen follow the others down below. She looks at me before she disappears.  I think she tries to smile, but I’m not sure because my eyes are mesmerized by the Benetton shirt.  I can see him looking back at us.  It looks like he’s smiling.  I reach over and pick up the gun.  There’s no way I can make the shot from this distance, but it does feel good in my hand.  I hope I still look tough.  A minute later we pull up alongside them.  The Benetton guy is still smiling.  I still don’t see anyone else on board, I wonder what he’s so happy about, maybe it’s the shirt.  I wave for Lawrence to take over the wheel as I slowly walk over to the side of the Virginia near the Sea Breeze.  I can almost reach out and touch it.  I motion for Lawrence to get a little closer.  I still don’t see any weapons.  I wonder if they’re waiting down below for me.  I’m holding the gun out in front of me and pointing it directly at the guy at the wheel.  He doesn’t even seem to notice, I’ll have to check with Karen later and see if I look tough enough. It must be the shirt.  I look back and I can see everyone looking out the small windows on the Virginia.  I’m sure one of those faces is Karen, so I give them a wave and small smile, so much for my tough-guy image.  
“Hey, where is Marissa?”  I yell to the guy with the smile on the Sea Breeze.   I watch as he looks all around him.  The sun is almost all the way up now causing the bright green in his shirt to almost blind me.
“I don’t know.” He’s still smiling.  I wave for Lawrence to get even closer.  A few feet more and we’ll be touching.  I look back and Jason is right behind me.  We feel The Virginia lunge below us and get within a foot of the side of the Sea Breeze.  We both reach out and grab hold of a fiberglass rail on the Sea Breeze.  I can’t believe Benetton man is still smiling.  I tell Jason to hold on and I jump on board.  My feet land on the side of the white deck near the cockpit.  I have the gun pointing directly at the man.  He still has a slight smile on his face.  I place the muzzle to his temple.  He doesn’t even flinch or lose the smile.
“What’s so funny?”  I yell out.  I have never seen the sea this calm.  It’s almost like someone has a remote control and has put it on slow motion.  I look back and Jason is still holding on to the side.  A few more people have come up to help him.  I don’t see Karen.
“Nothing. Congratulations on catching us.”
“Where are they?”  I yell out.  I start walking towards the closed cabin door.
“Take a look.”  I lower the gun and quickly pull open the door.  I’m not even worried about getting shot.  I bet Karen is so proud of me.  I raise the gun out in front of me, but I’m still not sure if the safety is off.  I hope that’s not why the Benetton guy is smiling.  I look back and he is calmly sitting down behind the wheel.  He isn’t holding on to it anymore.  He has his cap pulled down almost covering his eyes now.  As soon as I open the doorway all the way, I take a big breath, I haven’t been shot.  I look back at Benetton man and he’s just looking at me, at least he’s not smiling anymore, maybe I do have the safety off.  I stick my head into the cabin, it looks the same as it did before, scrubbed clean.  I can almost smell the disinfectant.  I decide to go down below.  I place my feet on the ladder and start to descend.  I’m still waiting for another Benetton man to jump out and shoot me, but there is nothing, not even a sound.  I quickly walk to the bow and prepare to open the door to the v-berth section.  I take a deep breath afraid that I might find Marissa’s body there.  I don’t think I can bear it.  I feel like there’s a damn building up in my eyes from the tears waiting to pour out.  I feel my hand reach out and turn the knob.  I have no control of my body parts any more they just go.  A minute later the door opens and there is nothing.  Marissa is not on board.  I check the closets, the head and anywhere else anyone might be hiding.  I slam the door and walk back though the cabin.  I don’t even stop in the galley and check for cookies.  I immediately climb back up the stairs and walk towards the Benetton man.  He is still seated behind the wheel with his hands resting under his chin.  I point the gun directly on his temple again.
“Where are they?”
He shakes his head.  “I don’t know.”
“What do you mean…you don’t know?  They we’re on here.”  I watch the man look over the side into the water and smile.  I can’t hold it back anymore.  I feel the damn burst and tears begin to flow down my cheeks.  It feels like it’s raining.  I hope Jason can’t see me.  “Nothing better have happened to her.”  I yell out, I don’t even recognize my voice anymore.  I lower the gun and look over the side of the boat into the bright blue water.  I don’t see anything.  The man is still smiling.  “Please tell me where they are?”  I can’t believe how calm I sound now.  I even used please.  I wonder if Karen heard that.  I can see everyone on deck now on The Virginia.  They must have come up when they saw me come back up from the cabin unscathed.  I even see Tim again.  I try and see if he’s holding any cookies.  I wonder if I should have him come over her and search the galley.  I hear some rumbling, but I’m not sure if it’s the water down below or my stomach.  I look at Tim’s empty hands and decide it’s got to be my stomach.
“They’re not here anymore.”  He holds his hands out like a magician.  I immediately place my hand on his shoulder, the gun in the other.  I rub my hand along the material maybe a little too long causing the man to look at me oddly.  
“Where did they go?”  I look back at Karen. Her face is full of emotion.  I wonder if I should tell her about the quality of the fabric of the shirt too.  “Let’s go.”  I point the gun at him again.  “Get on The Virginia.”  I motion towards our boat.  He slowly gets up and jumps over to the Virginia.  Jason and Karen grab ahold of him.  I wonder if they feel the material of the shirt.  I jump behind him and watch as the Sea Breeze slowly floats away.  A minute later it’s out of reach.  I look back to the Benetton man.  He is acting way too calm, I wonder if the colors have a calming effect on him.  We take him back to the cockpit.  Jason and I still have our pistols pointed at him, but he doesn’t seem to notice.  “Who are you guys?”
He sits down near Lawrence.  I can see him eying our compass. Maybe he knows how to use it.  I hope Karen doesn’t find out.  “We told you before.  We’re just trying to survive like you.”  I can see the Sea Breeze floating further and further away behind him.
“What did you do with our people?”
“I told you. I don’t know.”  I look away.  I feel my temper starting to boil up.  I want to pull the trigger, but I take a deep breath and a long look at his colorful shirt.  A minute later I am calm.
“I don’t buy it.  You were there…what happened to them?”
“Please…tell us what happened.  That was our daughter.  She’s pregnant.”  I watch Karen’s eyes fill with tears again.  Maybe I should suggest she look at his shirt.  
“Look…they were all here last night and I woke up this morning and everyone was gone.”
“What do you mean they were gone?  You had to see something.”  I push the gun to his temple again. I really hope the safety is off.
“Where did they go?”
“I just told you…I don’t know.”  I push harder.  I can see the pain in his eyes.  He stops smiling.
“I’ve seen your boat…there’s no way you didn’t know what happened.”  I push harder.  I’m using my bowling arm so I can press hard.  I wonder if Karen will understand now why I didn’t want to help with the anchor.
“Please stop pushing…you’re hurting me.”  I push harder.  
“Take it easy Seth.”  I look at Karen and press harder.  I think back to all those late night bowling nights.
“Okay. Stop pressing on my head and I’ll tell you what I know.”  I ease up a little.  I wonder if I should have been an interrogator.  I imagine myself working deep undercover in the CIA.  “Another boat came by and got them last night.”
“What boat?  I was following you guys all night.”
I watch as he looks back at the Sea Breeze.  “There was another boat that came by and everyone got on it.”
“What about you?  Why didn’t you get on it?”
He looks down.  I remove the gun from his head.  In a whisper he says, “They told me I had to stay with the boat.”
“Where did they go?”  I watch as he looks around at all the faces surrounding him.  Gone is the smile and any cockiness he first had.  I start to daydream about being an interrogator again when I feel Karen tap me on the shoulder.
“Seth…open your eyes.”  She says.
“Back home…I guess.  They didn’t tell me.  I swear to you.”  I take a long look at him.  He can’t be more than twenty years old.  I yank the cap off his head and a long mane of light brown hair falls out.
“Where’s home?”
“Connecticut.”  He mutters.
“Connecticut?  What the heck were you doing out here?”  I look at him in disbelief.
“It’s cold up there and there’s no food.  We’ve been starving for the last year.”  I immediately think of Tim and food.  I can’t believe how hungry I am.
“Hold on…I’ll be right back.”
“Seth, where are you going?”
“Down below, make sure he doesn’t move.”  I look back at everyone surrounding him.  Jason is still holding his gun and has it aimed in his direction.



Chapter 21  

About a half an hour later, I come back out of the cabin.  I have to squint my eyes the sun is so bright.  I see Jason still holding the gun and the Benetton shirt guy is still seated in the same place, his hands are covering his face.  Karen is leaning in towards him.  I wonder if she’s examining his shirt.
“Where did you go Seth?”  I rub my stomach causing Karen to shake her head and quickly look back at the man.   “So we have found out his name is Ron and it was a speed boat that came and picked everyone up last night.”
“How did we not hear it?”
“It was windy and we were a good distance back.”  I shake my head and look at Ron.
“He thinks they are heading back to Connecticut with Marissa.”
“Let’s go.”  I grab the wheel and order Jason and Lawrence on the sails.  I quickly turn to the port side.  I pretend to look at the compass.  I see Ron watching us.  I wonder if he’s impressed with my leadership, maybe I should suggest I wear that shirt.
“Where did they get the powerboat?”
He looks up at me.  “Bahamas.”
“What about fuel?”
“Your guy took care of that.”
“Jim?”
“Yep, the weird looking guy.  I think he’s real smart or something.”  I nod.  “What do they need Marissa for?”
“We have no women.  They want to keep it going?”
“That’s my daughter.”  I say it so loud it causes Ron to jump back.
“Hey…I’m sorry, wasn’t my choice.  I was down below when they took them.  We tried to get another one but they got away.”
“What other ones?”  I look at Karen.
“They were faster than you.”
“You mean there are other boats out here?”
He nods his head.  “Yeah, we saw at least three others.  Yours was the biggest.”
“They have people on them?”
“They did…Johnny took care of the ones on that one.”  He points at the Sea Breeze drifting away in the distance and like I said the other two got away then we saw you.”
“What are you guys some kind of pirates?”
“It’s a different world now.  We’re all just trying to make it out here…you know survival of the fittest…that’s our motto.”
“Wouldn’t it be better if we all got together?”
I watch him look around at all of us again.  Some of us have gone back down below.  “I think I heard Johnny tell you we tried that and it didn’t work.  We had another group of us with us when it first happened but we took care of them.  There wasn’t enough food so we had to eliminate them.”  I just stare at him in disbelief.  I can’t believe all this was going on around us while we were at the White House.  I think about my bowling alley.
“How did you survive the virus?”
“What virus? It was a nuclear disaster.”  I see his eyes light up.
“No it was a virus from a melting glacier.”  
“Really?”  I nod my head.  “My dad has a fishing boat and we were out on it, when we came back in everyone was dead.”
“Was one of those guys your dad?”
“No he died as soon as we got back in.  We figured it was from the radiation.”
“It was the virus.”  I watch as he processes the information.  “So those guys are all fisherman?”
“Yep.”
“So why don’t they keep fishing?”
“Well the radiation…I mean virus killed off a lot of the fish.  That’s why we came down here to see if there were more fish to catch.”  He looks at the water behind him.
“Are there?”
“Nah…it’s about the same as up there.  That’s why we’re going back.”
“Where do you guys live up there?”  
I watch as his eyebrows squeeze together.  “In our house, my dad kept a house for his crew.  He was the captain.”  I turn the wheel slightly starboard.  I hope I’m heading in the right direction.  I look at the compass.  “You sure you know where you’re going?”
I look at Ron and then Karen, “To Connecticut.”
“You’re heading the wrong way.”  He points at a spot on the compass about twenty degrees from where I’m heading.
“How do you know that’s the right way?”
He pushes his long bangs from his face.  “I’ve been doing this since I was in diapers.  Mom left us right after I was born so I went with my dad.”
“He took you on the boat with him when you were a baby?”  
He looks at Karen.  “Yep…him and the crew took care of me, been out here ever since.  It’s all I know.”  I wonder if I should tell him I spent a week every summer on the Jupiter 6.  I can already see Karen shaking her head.
“So why did they leave you behind.  I still don’t understand?”
“I was never really part of the crew.  I was always daddy’s boy.  That’s what they called me when he wasn’t around.  I was lookin at gettin my own boat and crew right before everything went down.”
“They didn’t leave you any food or anything?”  I ask.
He looks down, “Nope, nothing but my pole.  They knew I’d survive as long as I have a boat and a pole.”  He looks back at the Sea Breeze again.  It’s almost all but vanished from the horizon.
“What’s with the Benetton?”
“The what?”  I watch as Ron and Karen look at me strangely.
“The shirts you guys are all wearing?”  I point at his chest.
“These?”  He brushes his sleeve with his other hand.  “They were on the Sea Breeze when we took it over, Whole drawer full of them.”
“How many people were on there?”  I’m still looking at the shirt.
“I think it was four, two men and two women.  I think they was all husband and wife.”
“And you guys just shot them?”  I shake my head still looking at the shirt.  I want to touch it.
“I didn’t shoot anyone.  Johnny and them pushed them overboard.”
“So they could still be out here somewhere?”  Karen asks.
“Only if they’re good swimmers, they didn’t have any life jackets or anything and it was probably a week ago.”  Karen and I look at each other.
“So why didn’t you guys try and take our boat?”
I watch as he looks up the deck towards the bow.  Jason and Lawrence are sitting about hallway up working on the sails.  “Too big and too many people.  Remember what I told you we tried that before and it didn’t work.”
“Yeah I remember and you ended up killing everyone.”
“I didn’t kill no one.”  He runs his hand through his hair again and pulls his cap back over hit.  I wonder how I would look with long hair.  I run my fingers through my hair and pretend it’s going down my back.  “Look I’m just a fisherman. I don’t care about the rest of that stuff.  I just like catching fish.  I wish all this stuff never happened.”
“Me and you both.”  I keep the boat in the direction that Ron told me too.  I hope he’s right.  I hope Karen doesn’t think he knows more than I do.
“So where are you guys from?”  He looks at both of us.
“Washington DC…1600 Pennsylvania.”
“Seth…we’re not really from Washington DC.”
He takes a long look at me.  “I was going to say you don’t look like the President.”  I immediately touch my hair.  I hope he doesn’t mean I don’t look presidential.  I knew I should have gone with a white powdered wig.  I look at Karen.
Karen leans forward.  “We’re from New Jersey. We came down to Washington after the virus hit and we met up with the rest of these guys.  They’re from all over.”    
“Then why are you out on this boat and not living back there?”
I turn sideways to Ron so he can see my profile. Maybe he’ll think I look presidential now.
“What are you doing Seth?”  Karen is looking at me strangely.
“Nothing…Director Seth is just thinking.”
“Oh Seth, enough with that.”
“Does he always act like this?”  Ron asks.  
Karen immediately nods.  “Yes, but we love him.
“Okay…whatever.”  Ron looks at the compass again.  I hope I’m still on the right course.  I feel sweat trickling on my forehead.
“We had to come on the boat because there was a huge wildfire.  Seth found it and has been keeping us alive.”  I smile.  Maybe Ron will think differently about me now.  Maybe now I should mention about my boating experience on the Jupiter 6.  I decide to keep my mouth shut again and pull on one of the lines controlling the sails.  I bet those old fishing boats don’t have sails like this I want to say.
“Well it’s going to take a while to get to Connecticut on this thing.”
“We caught up to you.”  I say.
“Seth…”
“You did catch me.  That thing is a joke in heavy wind.”  He points toward the horizon where the Sea Breeze used to be.
“How long do you think it will take us to get to Connecticut?”  Karen looks at both of us.
“Probably a little less than a week,” I quickly answer.
“I think it depends on the wind.  With no wind this thing is as good as a barge.  We saw that yesterday.  You couldn’t keep up with us at all.”  I nod in agreement.  I hope Karen is proud of me.
“All right guys.  I’ll leave the sailing to you.  I’m heading down below.”  I wave good bye to Karen and watch her disappear down below leaving just me, Jason, Lawrence and Ron…Ron from Benetton.
        We all sit quietly for the next hour as I continue to follow Ron’s direction and keep The Virginia on his course.  I hope he’s not trying to trick us.
  
 
 
Chapter 22

We spend the rest of the day and night at the wheel.  I placed the gun back in my pocket.  I figure there’s not too much he can do out here by himself.  Lawrence and Jason are still tending the sails.  I think they sleep off and on up there.  Mostly everyone else stays down below.  Tim has surfaced a few times with plates of food.  He even brought one to Ron earlier, no dessert I made sure of though.  I think it’s around 3:00 AM now, but I’m not sure anymore.  I’m really not sure of anything.  I can’t remember the last time I have even slept.  I feel my eyes getting heavy but I’m forcing myself to stay awake because every time I look at Ron he is wide awake and I don’t trust him up here without me.  I hope he gets sleepy sometime soon.  He doesn’t seem to ever take his eyes off that compass. I’m still steering us in the direction he said. I guess eventually we should see some land, though I’m not sure where we are right now, but please don’t tell anyone that though, especially Karen.  I haven’t seen her since this afternoon. I guess she must have been tired because she missed dinner.  I’m really worried about Marissa. I can’t imagine what she must be going through, I hope she’s okay.  I know Jim and Thomas are with her and I’m hoping they are taking care of her.  She’s probably almost already in Connecticut if they were on a speed boat, though it depends how fast it can go and the fuel situation.  I don’t think Ron is going to give me any more information despite my harsh interrogation technique.  Strange thing is I actually don’t think he’s a bad guy at least he says he didn’t kill anyone, though he could be lying, maybe I should step up my techniques.  I look over at him. He’s still looking at the compass.  I don’t understand what could possibly be so exciting seeing a bunch of lines moving around every time we go over a wave.  Luckily the wind is still pretty strong, I think it’s staying at about twenty-five to thirty knots so we’re moving along fairly quickly.  I can’t wait to get to Connecticut.  I want to place my arms around Marissa and never let go of her.  I hope Baby Seth is okay.  I was hoping he would be born in Washington DC not Connecticut so I hope we get up there soon.
“You know if you take down that fisherman sail she’ll be a lot easier to handle.”
“What…?”  I quickly turn my head towards Ron.
“You don’t need all that sail when the wind is strong.”  I look up at the extra trapezoid- shaped sail we have hanging between the two masts.    “It makes it difficult to handle and is actually slowing you down in this wind.  It works similar to a spinnaker.”  I look around to make sure Karen or no one else can hear this.
“I guess we can give it a try.”  I wave for Jason and Lawrence.  They both slowly walk back towards me rubbing their eyes.  I can tell they have been sleeping.  “Why don’t you guys take down that one.”  I point up towards the forward mast at the fisherman sail.
“I thought you said that was the key…the more sail the better.”  Lawrence says keeping his eyes up.
“Ahhh…we just want to try something different.”  I watch as they both head back up towards the bow.  A few minutes later, they have the sail down.  I can already feel the difference below me, but I don’t say anything.  I can see Ron smiling again.  It’s the same smile he had when we boarded the Sea Breeze yesterday.  We go on like this for a few more hours.  I can see the sunlight breaking through the darkness creating almost an orange-colored bubble all around us.
“My favorite time of the day, I make sure I’m always awake to see the sun rise. I think I’ve seen almost every one.  My dad used to always say, with each sunrise we start anew.”  I look and marvel at the beauty forming around us.  Lawrence and Jason look as though they’re back asleep.  I guess they’re not sunrise guys.  We sail for a while in peace and quiet. Both of us just watching the sun take over the day.  The wind has remained steady at about twenty-five so we are still moving along fairly quickly without our fisherman sail.  I wonder if I should put it back up if the wind slows down.  “You can also trim your sails a little bit more.  See the flag behind you, if it’s not flying straight back like that one isn’t you’re not sailing as fast as you can.”  I look back at the large US flag we have flown since we started.  I found it tucked in one of the closets in the main cabin and put it up for inspiration.  I think we need to come up with a Jamestown flag for our little group, but for now we have the stars and stripes.  I see it flapping slightly in the wind.  I look at Ron and start trimming the sails.  I call to Jason and Lawrence again and explain to them what we need to do.  They both look at me oddly again and head back up front.  A few minutes later I look back at the flag and it’s flying smoothly towards the back.  I feel like we’re moving faster too.  
“So how do you know so much about schooners?”
Ron takes his hat off and rubs his long locks.  “I told you.  I grew up around boats since I was a baby.”
“Fishing boats,” I quickly say.
“When I wasn’t out on our boat I was on my friend’s boat.  Our neighbor used to own a charter schooner, spent a lot of time on that thing.  It’s kind of like this one but a little smaller and faster.”  He smiles.  I look back at the flag again. It’s still not flapping sideways.  “Make sure you maintain the same course too.”  I look over at the compass and we have drifted several points north of where Ron said we need to be.
“How do I know you’re not playing me?”
He smiles and adjusts his cap.  “I promise you I want to find those guys as much as you do.  Remember they left me out here in the middle of the ocean.”
“But they knew you would be okay as long as you have your fishing pole.”
“True…but one big storm and that thing is toast.  I want to go home.  I’m going to take my boat out as soon as I get back and be by myself.  I’ve had enough of all this.”
“I think we all have.”  I look back again and see the flag is still waving correctly.  I’ll have to show Karen that later.  I try and hide a yawn, but I can’t help it.
“I can watch things if you want to go to sleep for a while.”  I look up towards the bow. Both Jason and Lawrence look like they are sound asleep.
“I don’t know.”  I yawn again.  “Don’t you ever sleep?”
“Yeah, but I’m used to staying up for days on end being on my dad’s boat.  There’s not much sleeping going on there.  Go on… go to sleep.”  He motions towards the cabin.  I feel the gun in my pocket with my fingers.  “Nothing will go wrong.  The only thing, I may tighten up the mainsail a little more.  I’ll get those guys to help me.” He looks at Jason and Lawrence.
“Okay…I guess. Let me just let them know.”  I slowly walk up the deck and start to wake them up but decide to just let them be.  I walk back and nod towards Ron who is at the wheel.  He looks so natural standing there.  I wonder if it’s the shirt and long hair.  I wonder if he’ll let me borrow the shirt and maybe Karen could make me a wig till mine grows that long.  He waves at me, so I reluctantly head down below.  There’s no one around, everyone is still asleep.  I walk by the galley and even Tim isn’t there.  I can’t believe I’m trusting one of the guys who took Marissa to steer our boat, but I can’t keep my eyes open anymore.  I stumble the rest of the way to the cabin and climb into bed next to Karen.  
She looks over to me, “who’s at the wheel?”
“The Benetton Man.”
“Who?”
“Ron.”
“Are you sure that’s okay?”
I pull the sheets up towards my neck, still no Presidential seal on them.  “He seems to know what he’s doing and the sun is coming up so he should be okay.  I can’t stay awake anymore.”
“I trust you Seth. “  She places her arm around me and I close my eyes.  
“With each new sunrise we start anew.”  I hug he her tighter.
“What did you say?”
“It’s an expression about how great sunrises are.”
“Seth…I think you are right, you better go to sleep.”  The last thing I remember is feeling the ocean swimming peacefully beneath us.


Chapter 23

I’m not sure how long it has been since I went to sleep but I wake up and the sun is pouring through the windows.  I wonder if Ron has any saying about the sun in the middle of the day. I roll over and don’t see Karen or anyone else.  I hope Ron hasn’t killed everyone.  I leap out of bed.  I bet Karen would say that’s the fastest I ever got up.  I stumble to the bathroom and then open our cabin door.  I can’t get my eyes to adjust to the light yet, so I’m barely able to see.  I finally make it out to the hallway near the galley.  I don’t see Tim, so I immediately begin to quicken my pace.  I go through the main cabin and see it’s empty too.  I hope he didn’t throw everyone over the side.  I rapidly climb the ladder and poke my head outside.  I immediately feel the warm sunny air wrap around my body like a blanket right out of a dryer.
“About time you joined us Seth.”  I finally take a deep breath seeing Karen seated in the cockpit surrounded by five others.  I see Ron still at the wheel.  He has that same smile on his face.  I look towards the bow and see Tim seated beneath the forward mast.  He nods at me.
“Good morning sunshine.”  I watch Ron turn the wheel slightly left.  
“Come here Seth.  Take a seat.  I want you to see something.”  I look at Karen and slowly walk towards her and sit down.  She rubs my leg.  “Wake up…you’ve been sleeping all day.”
“What time is it?”
“Almost 5:00.”
“PM or AM?”  I say.  For some reason I’m not wearing my watch anymore.
“PM.”
“I missed breakfast and lunch.”  I look at Karen.  “Tim.”  I yell.  I see him get up and walk back towards us.  He holds onto a wooden rail the whole way.  I notice we’re leaning considerably to the left.
“Sorry Tim.  He’s hungry.”
“No starving…”  I say.
“I’ll get you some dinner.”
“How about breakfast and lunch first.”  I protest.
“Seth…be good.  Tim just get him anything and he’ll be happy…right Seth.”  I look at Karen and nod my head.  We watch as Tim disappears down below.  “Seth, look over there.”  Karen points behind me.  I feel my stomach lurch, there’s land right off our port side.
I look at Ron.  He’s still smiling.  I immediately think maybe he got some cookies.  “I knew it he’s taking us back to the Bahamas.  We’re never going to see Marissa.”
“Seth… that is South Carolina.  We’re on our way to get Marissa.  Ron has changed around some of the sails.  We’re going much faster.”  I look up at the masts and see the sails have been rearranged.  I don’t say anything.  I just study the green grass and tan sandy beaches making up the coast.  I can’t believe it, we’re really making our way north.  I look at Ron and closely watch him guide The Virginia till I see Tim with a plate full of hot food.  I immediately look away and grab the plate and fork and start eating.  Ten minutes later my plate is empty.  I even get down two bags of cookies, not wafers, but they’re still cookies. I don’t ask where he found them.  I want to ask Tim for another plate but Karen is giving me that look so I set my plate down on the table and watch it slide a few inches away from me.
“Let me get you something to drink.”  I nod my head at Karen as she jumps up and heads down below followed by the others.  I guess they’re thirsty.
“You love to eat huh?”
“I haven’t eaten all day.”  I look at my empty plate.
“You’re not that big though.  I mean you’re tall.  I don’t know how you do it.  Our guys put on so much weight when we get back in, especially if they eat like that.”
“I work out all the time…or at least I used to back in DC.”
“You really lived at the White House?  What was that like?  I never been to DC.”
“It was great.  I was voted the Director so I worked in the Oval Office and lived in the President’s quarters.  Plus I had my own bowling alley.”
“Sounds okay to me, I bet you want to go back.”
“I miss it so much. You got to see the kitchen in there…”
“See there you go about food again.”  I see that smile come back on his face. “You’ll have to try some of my grilled sword fish, wait till we get up north a little more and I’ll catch you some.  You guys have any fishing equipment on here?”
“There’s some gear down below.  Thanks for taking over last night.  I was really tired.  Don’t you want a break?”
“Yeah…I guess I could use one.  Don’t worry I don’t need to sleep down below.  I’ll just go up on the bow.  I like sleeping outside.”  I nod.
“Where were those other boats you guys saw that you couldn’t catch?”
“Somewhere near New York, we saw them when we were coming this way.”
“I can’t believe there are others out here.”  I look at the coast again.  The grass looks so green and the sky so clear.  I don’t see any signs of smoke or fire.
“I think there’s more than you think out here.  Keep your eyes open.  Just remember that they may not want to see you as much as you want to see them.”
“What do you mean?”
“Figure it out.  Good night now.”  He lets go of the wheel and jumps out of the cockpit and onto the deck.  A minute later I see him up on the bow lying down.  I take over the wheel and look at the compass to see where he was headed.  
“Here you go Seth.”  Karen hands me a cold bottle of water and sits down next to me.  “He’s not a bad guy…huh Seth.”
“He seems okay.  He went to sleep up there.”  I point at the bow.
“Outside?”
“He said he sleeps outside.”  I look back at the flag and smile, it’s still waving like it’s supposed to.
“What are you always looking at back there?”
“The flag, it has to fly like that to get the maximum speed.”
“Did Ron teach you that?”
I nod, “That and everything else with the sails.”  I look up at the full sails.  Karen reaches over and touches my shoulder.
“Don’t feel bad Seth…you’re doing great.  I’m so proud of you.  I think we’re going to get her back real soon.”
“I hope so…Ron is going to grill us some sword fish when we get up north a little more.  I hope Tim doesn’t mind the competition.”
“I’m sure Tim will welcome the help just like you are with the sailing.”
“Does this mean that I have to help with the sails and anchor now too?”
“Oh Seth, just keep doing what you’re doing.”  She leans over and gives me a kiss.  I don’t think I’ve told you how much I like that lately.  “I’m going to go down and get changed.  I’ll be back to check on you in a little while.  Make sure you keep that flag flying correctly.”  I hear her quietly laugh. I quickly turn my head and relax seeing the stripes pointing backwards.   I grab hold of the wheel tightly and keep the Virginia heading along the coastline.  It feels so powerful having the wind pull us along towards Marissa.  I just hope she’s there.  I think I’m the only one on deck besides Ron who is still sleeping up front. I think everyone else is down below, even Jason and Lawrence went down.  I guess Ron doesn’t need them.  I’ll have to make sure they don’t find out I still need them.  I think Ron’s got everything setup so it can all be controlled from the cockpit.  I see dozens of new lines cleated all around me. I guess he’s not a team player like me.  Maybe I can run on that for the Director. I hope Ron doesn’t decide to stay and run.  I bet he could come up with a lot of good sayings.  I can see the sun is starting to set on the horizon, maybe I’ll try and think of some good sunset expressions so I can impress Karen before she comes back.  I look down at the compass and all the lines.  I think I’m still steering for the same point but I’m not sure so I just try and keep the shore on the correct side, maybe Ron won’t notice when he wakes up.  I wonder how long he will sleep. Maybe I should slow us down so he doesn’t wake up anytime soon.  I’m looking out at the horizon when I jump hearing someone beside me.  At first I think it’s Ron getting ready to throw me over.  I left my gun down below because Karen said I don’t need it anymore.  I see its Connick, my new best friend from LA. I don’t think I’ve seen him since we left.  He sits down across from me and looks at the shoreline.
“I hear that’s South Carolina.”
I nod, “Soon to be North Carolina.”  I have no idea where we are but I better start trying to impress everyone with my knowledge so they start thinking Ron is the expert sailor on board.
“Very nice.”  He looks at the compass.  I hope he doesn’t know how to use it too.  “Look, I just want to let you know, Maura and I can’t do this anymore.  I think we’re going to get off.”
“What?”  I snap my head towards him.  His hair is trickled with gray and his cheekbones are sunken into his once handsome face.  I can see the stress of the last two years in each and every line. “Why?”
“Were not boat people.  I’m sure you’ve noticed you haven’t seen much of us lately.  Maura’s sick all the time and I’m not feeling much better.  I think we need to get off this boat soon.  I’m starting to worry about her.  I don’t know how much longer she can go like this.  She’s almost down to nothing.”
“I understand.  We’re going as fast as we can.”  I look back at the flag.
“We know you’re doing all that you can, but I really don’t think she’s going to make it much longer.”
“What about the fire?”
“I think we’d rather take our chances.  It looks clear over there.”  
I turn my head and look at the coastline.  It’s fading in the darkness.  This would be a great time for a nice saying about sunsets.  Maybe I should go wake up Ron.  “I don’t know Connick.  I would feel so much better having you guys with us.  Do you think you can make it to Connecticut?  Shouldn’t be too much longer.”  I look at the compass again.  I wonder if he thinks I know what I’m looking at.  I pretend to count on my fingers.
“How much longer till you think we’ll be there.”
“It’s going to be at least another five days.”  We both turn our heads hearing Ron’s answer.  He plops down next to me.
“I thought you were going to sleep?”
“I did and now I’m awake.”
I pretend to look at my watch.  “I don’t know how you do it.”
“I told you I grew up doing this.  This is my life.  I could spend the rest of my life on a boat.”
“Then you need to talk to Connick.”
I watch as he studies Connick.  “I know. I overheard some of your conversation.  Look Seth, the sea isn’t for everyone.  I can’t tell you how many of us don’t come back either from storms or accidents.  It’s part of life.  If he doesn’t want to be out here anymore let’s let him off.  No point bringing the rest of us down with him.”
Connick nods his head in agreement.  “I agree.  I’m telling you Seth, Maura is at the end.”
“Okay, if that’s what you want.”  I look at the coast again.  I think I see Ron looking at the flag.  I hope it’s still flying straight.
“Tomorrow morning we should be near Cape Hatteras so we can let you and whoever else wants off.”  He points at the cabin.  “I’m sure the cook guy has plenty of food for you seeing what he brings up here for you.”
“I was hungry.”
“I understand.  Just wait till that swordfish.  You’ll want nothing else again and you’ll see why we all love to fish so much.  You should try it too.”  He looks at Connick.
“I think I’ll pass.  I’ll go let Maura know tonight will be our last night on board.  Thanks Seth.”  He stands up and shakes my hand.  I feel like were saying goodbye forever.  I can’t look him in the eye so I focus on the lines on the compass again, maybe Ron will be impressed.  We both watch him disappear down below.
“Don’t worry Seth dude he’ll be better off.  There are plenty of places he can stay in Cape Hatteras.  He’ll be fine.  You can come back and get him later.”
“I guess.”  I grip the wheel tighter.  Ron and I spend the next hour or so in silence guiding The Virginia along the coast.   A little while later Karen comes back up with some more food.  I dig right in and finish mine in less than two minutes.  I hope Ron and Karen are impressed.  I watch them pick at their plates.  I may ask them if they want some help.  I let Karen know about Connick and Maura.  I can see the concern in her face, but she understands after Ron tells her we can come back for them later.  I’m just wondering if there will be a later.  I doubt it at least for them.  I think they’re giving up.  I can’t blame them in some ways.  They have been through so much, but so have we and there’s no way I’m giving up as long as Marissa and Baby Seth are in this world.  Sometime in the middle of the night I finally give up the wheel and let Ron take over.  I think it was after the flag started flapping slightly but don’t tell him.
 


Chapter 24  

I’m somehow able to sleep again, I feel Karen wake me up with the sun’s rays poking at me through the windows in our cabin.
“Seth…wake up.  They need you up there.  We’re getting ready to tie up to let Connick and Maura off.”
I slowly roll over.  I feel groggy. “What time is it?”
“Time to get up.”  I stretch my arms.  “Feet on the floor sailor.”  I slowly raise my legs and place them on the floor.  The first thing I notice is how slow it feels like were going.  
“Where are we?”
“North Carolina.  Some of us are getting off here.”
I grab hold of a small wooden railing to balance myself.  “What do you mean some of us?”
“A few others have decided to go with them.  They’ve had enough of living on a boat.”
I jump up and start walking towards her.  “Tim…Tim.”
“Tim is staying Seth… slow down.”
“Who’s leaving then?”  I feel her hand on my shoulder.
“Well, you know about Connick and Maura, Susan and Matt too.”  I think back to the last while and I realize I haven’t seen much of them either.  I slowly walk through the cabin.  I wave at Susan and her greenish colored face.  She’s loading some things in a small bag.  I go past the galley and nod at Tim.  I see him packing food items into a plastic bag.  I start to say no cookies, but I feel Karen push me ahead towards the main cabin and the ladder.  A minute later I’m on deck.  Ron is at the wheel and Jason and Lawrence are up on the bow.  We’re much closer to the shore than before.
“You want to take it in Seth?”  I nod to Ron and slowly walk over to the wheel.
“Where are we tying up?”
Ron points at a large cluster of buildings a few hundred yards ahead.  “There’s a small dock up in front of them. “  I can see a few masts poking above the buildings.  Connick and Maura are seated near Karen peering over the side.  Connick is right, Maura does not look good. She has definitely lost some weight.  Connick has his arm tightly around her.  Matt and Susan are standing near them clutching a railing.  They both came from LA with them. I guess they’re not big boaters out there. I better check with Karen later. Ron slowly lets go of the wheel and I step in front of him and take over.  I watch as he starts to lower the sails with Jason’s help.  Lawrence is up on the bow watching for the approaching dock.  I push the start button on the engine and after several tries I hear it start coughing below us.  I turn the wheel and head directly for the small wooden dock.  There are two small sailboats tied up to it, but we should have enough room to fit in at the end.   I look down the dock and at the end is a small sandy- white colored building with a faded green roof.  It looks like it may have been a small resort at some time.  I can see Connick and Maura eying it as well.  I wonder if that’s where they will stay.  He’s holding her tighter now, their faces full of nervousness. A few minutes later, with the help of Ron, Lawrence and Jason we are tied up loosely to the dock.  Some of the pilings have lost their traction but they’re still secure enough to hold us in place.  I notice everyone is on deck.  Even Tim is up here, I wonder if I should let him know I haven’t even eaten yet. I cut the engine and step out of the cockpit and onto the dock.  I’m a little worried that it might not hold me, but it seems okay once I step down.  Everyone else follows me after.  I guess they all want a break from the boat.  It does feel good to stand on something not moving, though I’m worried if we all get on the dock at the same time it will start moving more than The Virginia.  I quickly jog to the end and stand on the overgrown grass in front of the resort.  It’s called The Windjammer.  It looks as though it’s seen better days, but at least it doesn’t look like Norman Bates lives here.  Everyone else ends up standing near me.  I hope Karen is recognizing my leadership skills. Maybe I should get someone to take a picture to use for my campaign.  I watch as Connick slowly leads Maura towards me.  He’s taking his time walking on the dock.  I hope he knows that it needs some work.  They stop in front of me.  He reaches out his hand and I shake it firmly.  I give Maura a soft hug.  I don’t want to squeeze her too hard in case I break her.  I can’t believe how skinny she is.  I’ll have to show Karen what I would look like if I didn’t eat so much, maybe she won’t shake her head at me anymore.  I look over at Ron. he is still standing on the dock watching all of us.  Connick and Maura finish going through everyone saying their goodbyes, I can see the tears flowing from their eyes.  Finally they finish and end up in front of me again.
“Let’s go check out where you’ll be staying.”  I point at the Windjammer.
“No…no Seth…you guys just go you need to go get Marissa.  We’ll be fine.
“Don’t you want to make sure they have some vacancies?”
“Come on Seth…not a good time for your jokes.”  I feel Karen pushing me towards the dock.  “I think they will be okay.”  I see Connick nodding at her.  I shake his hand one more time and tell him we’ll be back for him in a few days.  He nods and thanks me.  I don’t hug Maura again. I figure another hug may be the end of her.  We all slowly walk back towards the Virginia.  I hang back so I don’t get stuck on a falling dock till Karen forces me to start moving.  I think she points at Tim so I forget about the dock for a minute and start thinking about breakfast.  I wonder if I can get Maura and Connick’s portions.  Matt and Susan jump back on the board. Apparently they changed their minds once they saw the accommodations.  I look back as soon as I step on board and see Maura and Connick standing in front of the Windjammer.  They must be afraid to walk on the dock too.  I wave and watch them wave back.  I can’t believe they aren’t coming with us.  Connick is holding a small bag that Tim gave him. I didn’t get a chance to check for cookies so I hope it’s not full of them.  Though looking at Maura I doubt she looks like she would eat them anyway, hopefully Tim felt the same way.  I head back into the cockpit and stand behind the wheel.  I start up the engine.  I’m still looking at Connick and Maura.  I watch them fade away as we leave the dock and head back out to sea.  I keep waving till Karen tells me to stop because there’s no way they can see me anymore.
“I miss them already.  I can’t wait to go back and get them.  Do you think they’ll be okay till we get back?”
Karen just looks at me.  I can see the sadness in her eyes.  She places her hand on my shoulder.  “Seth, they’re not going to be there when we go back because we’re not going back.”
“What do you mean?”
“They’re done Seth.  They can’t go on like this anymore.”
“What’s going to happen to them?”
“They’re going to go in peace.”
“I don’t understand.”  I see Tim out of the corner of my eye with a heaping plate and he’s heading in my direction.  “Maybe we can talk about it later.”  I immediately start digging in with my fork.  It’s pancakes, my favorite.
 “Oh Seth…I love you.”  I shake my head.  “Ron you better take over for him.”  I step aside from the wheel and continue eating.  It feels like I haven’t eaten in weeks, maybe I should ask Karen how long I was asleep.  Ron directs Jason and Lawrence to get the sails up and eventually he cuts the engine and we start moving along by the forces of Mother Nature.  The wind is down to about ten knots so we aren’t moving very quickly, but somehow Ron still has the flag flapping correctly.  I look back and I can’t see the Windjammer anymore.  I wonder if Connick and Maura can still see us.  I really miss them.  I’m still not sure what Karen meant by them not being there after we get Marissa back, maybe I’ll have to check with Ron.  He probably has an expression that could explain it.  I watch as he keeps pulling on the various lines surrounding him, but we seem to be moving quicker than before so I don’t say anything.   I can’t wait till we get to Connecticut, I hope Marissa is okay.  I try and imagine Baby Seth sitting on my lap and teaching him how to sail the Virginia.  I’ll have him keep looking at the flag behind us and show him how to pull on all the lines like Ron’s doing.  I wonder if I can get us both colorful Benetton shirts too.  Maybe Marissa and Karen will let us both grow our hair real long.  I decide to take a walk towards the bow since Ron seems to have things under control.  I walk past Jason and Lawrence who are dozing about halfway up.  I wonder if they miss my giving orders telling them to fix the sails.  They don’t even wake up as I walk by.  I make it to the bow. I’m all alone up here lost in my thoughts. If only we had Marissa with us.  I think back to our fateful trip on the Jupiter 6 with Marissa and Karen.  It was just the three of us against the world.  We had no worries just time and each other.  Marissa had her passion of filming everything, especially everything I was doing.  I was her hero and Karen thought I was the greatest sailor of all time making it through that horrific storm.  I remember when the storm was finally over I came to thinking I was in heaven and then I saw Karen and Marissa in front of me and I realized I was already in heaven.  I look back down at the long deck behind me.  I can see Ron skillfully handling the Virginia much better than I ever could. Please don’t let anyone know I said that.  I wonder how we ever got to this point.  We’re in the middle of the ocean without our daughter, captured by some crazy New England fishermen who survived the virus the same way we did.  We should be together not apart.  I remember Jim telling me a year or so ago we will never make it more than five years. The human race will have disappeared.  We just don’t have the numbers to survive.  I start to think he was right, especially with us fighting each other.  I think of all the people who have died unnecessarily.  It’s almost like were defeating ourselves, I guess that’s the way it always has been, man will kill himself.  I wonder if I just came up with a saying.  I’ll have to check and see if Ron has heard that one before.  I quickly turn my head when I see something in the water near the bow.  I can’t believe it.
“Dolphins…dolphins.”  I start yelling.  I see Jason and Lawrence slowly sit up and look at me.  I start jumping up and down causing Ron to lean away from the wheel.  I point at the water.  There are three gray bottlenose dolphins with their happy grins swimming and jumping alongside us.  I feel so excited.  I want to reach out and touch them.  I wave instead. There is more life.  I feel good.  A minute later Karen is beside me.  Despite starting to get hungry again, I hope Ron doesn’t get any ideas about catching them.  They look so free with not a worry in the world.  I already like them much better than the tigers.  I wonder if we can keep them.  I’m already thinking of names for them.  I look at Karen she has a big smile on her face.  Maybe she’s thinking of naming one of them Seth.  We stand there for the longest time just watching them jump in our wake.  I think they’re putting on a show for us.  A few others have gathered around to watch as well.  I try and think about what Jim would say about this and I immediately think about what he said about the tigers, that they must have a food supply to still be alive after two years, I wonder if I should let Karen know how smart I’m getting. 
“I think it’s a positive sign Seth.”  Karen hugs me tightly.  I nod in agreement.  “Maybe they’re trying to let us know Marissa is safe and sound.”
“Or they could be just hungry and hoping we feed them.”
“Oh Seth…”  She hugs me even tighter.  I’m glad I’m eating a lot or she might break me too.  I hope she saw how gentle I was with Maura.
“You getting hungry Seth?”  We both turn around surprised to hear Ron’s voice.
“You have to ask.” Karen quickly answers.  I shake my head.
“No way you’re going to try and catch them are you?”  I ask.  I’m still watching the one I have decided to call Seth.  He’s the biggest one who is jumping the highest.
“Nope, not them. But I think it might be a good time to start fishing if we’re seeing dolphins because…”
“That means there has to be other fish below for them to survive.”  I state.  
Karen turns her head toward me and smiles.  “Wow where did that come from Seth?”
I nod my head feeling proud still eyeing the dolphin with my namesake.
“You are correct Seth.  That’s just what I was thinking.  Can you take the wheel and I’ll get everything ready.  We’ll hopefully have a feast tonight.”  I feel my mouth start to water.  Karen looks at me oddly.  I walk back towards the cockpit and take over the empty wheel and smile seeing the flag and it’s still flying correctly.  I don’t know how he does it.


Chapter 25 

I stay at the helm the rest of the day, the dolphins followed us for a few hours then they left. I made sure and said goodbye to the one I called Seth.  I think he may have waved a flipper at me.  Ron has been behind me working on fishing.  I think he has already caught a few fish, hopefully no the dolphins but he won’t let me look.  I keep looking back anyway. I tell him I’m checking on the flag.  Karen has been down below all day. She said she was feeling tired.  Mostly everyone else has been up and down the rest of the day.  They brought the babies up to see the dolphins. They all seemed pretty excited. I wonder if I should let them know I named one of them after me.  I think we’re off the coast of Virginia, but I’m not sure because it all looks the same to me.  I guess I’ll wait till Ron tells me.  It’s like the guy has an internal map inside him.  I guess that’s what comes with growing up at sea your whole life.  Maybe I should suggest to Karen and Marissa that we keep Baby Seth out at sea for a while.  I’m keeping The Virginia pretty close to the coast.  I still haven’t seen any other boats out here but I look at every speck and spot I see on the horizon.  Most of them turn out to be buoys.  The last one we passed was a red one so I yelled out “red right return” that’s my one expression I have learned from boating. I think I saw Ron smile after.  Maybe he thinks I am a boater like him after all.  I’m still working on the shirt and hair.  Jason and Lawrence work the sails despite Ron setting everything up for me to do it all from here.  I enjoy watching Lawrence run around all over the deck.  Earlier he actually climbed up the rigging with Jason.  I tried to go over a few bumps till Karen told me to stop.  I can hear my stomach starting to growl, so I look back at Ron and it looks like he’s finally done.  He’s packing up.  I wonder if he caught any swordfish though I don’t see any swords sticking out of that bucket.  I watch as he walks by carrying a bright orange bucket, at first I think it’s a tiger but then I remember we are at sea.  I try and look inside, but he turns it away from me.  I watch him descend the ladder with the bucket.  I hope Tim has the oven ready to go.  I stay at the wheel for another hour or so, I almost can’t take it anymore. The smell of cooking fresh fish has my nose doing cartwheels.  I’m happy to see Karen come out and sit next to me even though she is empty handed.
“It’s almost ready Seth.  I was just down there with Ron and Tim.  It looks good.”
I rub my stomach and walk to the entrance of the cabin and stick my nose down below.  I take in the aroma.  “It smells good too.”
“Just hang in there for a little while longer.  We’ve got enough for all of us he said.”
“Any dessert?”
“You and your desserts Seth, you may be full from the fish.”  I laugh.  “Okay maybe not.”  A few minutes later Tim and Ron appear at the top of the ladder with two plates.  At first I think both are for me, but they hand one to Karen.  I’m happy to see hers is a little smaller.
“Here it is.  We’re not really in swordfish territory but I got flounder.  I think you’ll like it won’t you agree Tim?”  I watch Tim nod in agreement.  As usual he has few words to say.  I grab the fork and take a huge bite.  It feels like the fish melts in my mouth.  It’s out of this world.  I have never had fish taste like this.
“That is delicious.”  I try and talk in between bites.  I look at Karen’s plate. I’m hoping she doesn’t finish all of hers.
“Just wait till we catch some swordfish.  Tim and I already have a plan.”  I keep taking bites as they go back down below. I guess they’re going to feed everyone else.  I hope some people aren’t hungry.
“He’s not a bad guy is he Seth?”  I can only nod my head my mouth is full.  “Seth?”
“Yeah he’s okay. I’m still a little worried though because his friends took Marissa.  Do you like his hair?”
“He seems different though.  I really think he’s trying to help us.”
“I guess.  He does make a good meal though.  What about the long hair.”
“I think he needs a haircut, but I don’t care if his hair is green as long as he can lead us to Marissa.”  I take two more bites and nod.  Karen is starting to slow down so I start eyeing her plate.  I can feel my mouth start to water again.  I’m glad they brought up extra napkins.  I finish mine.  “Here Seth, finish this. I see you looking at it.”  She hands me her half-eaten plate.  I smile then start eating again.  It’s so good I don’t even look at the flag behind me the whole time.  I hope we’re still on course and not going to hit the land.  The sun is starting to fade but I can see a lot of tall buildings off our port side on the beach.
“That looks like Virginia Beach Karen.”  I watch as she cranes her neck.
“We’re getting there.”  She picks up my empty plate and heads back down below.  I finish up hers and keep The Virginia sailing, motivated by seeing Virginia Beach and the good fish.  I can’t wait for the swordfish, I wish there was a way to speed up.  I can’t see any smoke up ahead so maybe the wildfire has finally cleared out.  I hope that doesn’t mean the tigers will be back. Maybe Ron has a recipe for them too.   I stay on the wheel for several more hours till Ron takes over.  I’m starting to get used to this.
“When do you think we’ll be in Connecticut?”  I watch Ron look up at the sails and the flag.  He’s pulling in some of the lines.  The wind has picked up some.
“I would say another four days if this wind holds.  From the looks of things it should stay.”
“How can you tell?”  I say it quietly to make sure Karen doesn’t know I’m still asking him for advice.  I wonder if she knows he’s less than half my age.  He’s only a few years older than Marissa.
“Look at the color of the sky.  See how the edges are gray?”  I nod just like I used to do with Jim and his gray sky.  I wonder if I should tell Ron I can’t see any gray.  I look all around us.  “That usually means things could get a little rough or at least windy.  You’ve heard, red skies at night bring sailors delight,” I nod, ” well we fisherman say gray skies at night can bring sailors fright and that sky is gray.  I look up at the sky and still don’t see any gray.  I wonder if I’m going color blind.  I’ll have to have Karen give me a test, but for now I just agree.
“Do you think we’ll have any problems getting our daughter back?  Where do you think they’re keeping her?”
He looks around and grimaces, “Definitely in the house.  I’m sure they’re in it now.  Only thing we have to worry about is if they head back out for more fishing…but they should stay put for a while.”
“What about getting her back?”
“That could be a little tricky, but I doubt they’re expecting you to come all the way up there.”
I take a good long hard look at him. His cap is pulled tight on his head hiding his long hair.  “But they knew we would find you?”
“I’m still not so sure about that because of how much faster we were going than you.  They probably figured you would lose me or I wouldn’t go back home.  They know I just want to go on my own.”  He glimpses at the compass.  “Like I said I’m only going back and getting my boat then I’m leaving.”
“Will you help us get Marissa back?”  He looks down at his feet for a long time.  Finally he looks up.
“I’ll get you there and show you where they are at, but I don’t want Johnny coming after me.  He’s pretty ruthless.  I’ve seen him throw guys off the fishing boat for not pulling their load.”
“What about your dad?  I thought it was his boat?”
“It was, but Johnny ran the crew and my dad was scared of him too.  Guy is crazy.  You saw how he was with you guys, but he could get the crew to do anything and they always got a lot of fish.  My dad grossed more than anyone else after every catch.”
“Do you think they’ll hurt her?”
“Naw…she’s pregnant.  They know that, but she is the only girl up there so I would be a little worried about that.  You’re other two guys I don’t know about them.  The smart one will probably be okay, but the other one I don’t know what they want with him.”  He looks down towards the cabin.  “They just kept him tied up the whole time.  I think they just took him to mess with you.”
“It just doesn’t make sense why they would take them.”
“Nothing  Johnny ever does looks like it makes sense, but he always has a plan.  Guy is crazy but he’s brilliant.  That’s how we survived this long.”  I give him a look of question.  “I mean we always had food…I think that’s pretty obvious and with the boats we had places to cook and no one knows how to keep warm better than us, so we’ll probably be around forever and I guess he probably wanted to ensure that by taking your daughter and her future baby.”
“How many people would you say will be up there?”
He looks around.  I can see all the buildings on the shore behind him. “Should be just the three of them plus you’re people, but don’t let that fool you.  They could probably hold back an army.  You’re going to have to be real careful how you do it.  When they’re back in the house, they don’t leave.  You’ll probably have to catch them by surprise when they’re sleeping.”  I nod.
“Thanks…for the information.  I’m heading down for a while.”
“I got everything under control out here.  Hope you liked that flounder.”
I rub my stomach again.  “Best I ever had.”  He laughs.  I slowly make my way down the cabin.  I can still smell the fresh flounder aroma drifting through the cabin.  It’s dark down here, so I figure everyone is probably sleeping.  I make sure not to step on anyone.  I make it to our cabin and climb into bed next to Karen.  She’s not asleep. She’s reading one of her detective novels with a small flashlight.”
“Did you get to the part where Sammy confesses?”
“What?  How do you know?”
“I read that one last week.”  She looks at me and shakes her head.  “Thanks Seth.  I just wasted reading three hundred pages for you to spoil it.”  She throws the book on the floor.  I hope it doesn’t wake the babies next door.  I’m glad I sleep on the other side, though I don’t know who has taken Connick and Maura’s cabin yet.  “What do I do with you?  Come here?”  She hugs me tightly.  “We’re going to get her back Seth…I know it.”
“I miss her so much.  I can still taste those brownies she made.” 
“Oh Seth, by the way I saw those bags of cookies you have hidden in the closet over there.”
“Oh yeah…I just wanted to make sure we don’t run out.”
She laughs. “Okay Seth.  I’m glad you’re always planning ahead.  I don’t know what we would do without you and your emergency stash of cookies.”
“Would you like a bag?”
She laughs again.  “No Seth, you can keep them.”  I take a big breath.  ‘You’re one of a kind Seth Winston.”  I hug her tightly.
“Oh yeah…gray skies at night cause sailors fright.”  I say proudly.
“What does that mean?”
“It means we could have lots of wind the next few days.  You wouldn’t believe how gray the sky is out there.”
“Uh oh.”
“No it’s a good thing because that means we’ll get there sooner.”
“I hope so.”  I feel her pull me tight and the next thing I know I’m drifting off into a world full of unlimited amounts of chocolate cake and cookies.  I wonder if I’m smiling.


Chapter 26

“Seth…wake up…wake up.”  I open my eyes, I fell my body being thrashed around, so much for the chocolate river I was just swimming in.  “Something’s going on out there.”
“What’s going on?”  I sit up slowly feeling the boat below me feel like it’s going to explode.
“You better go see.”  I hear everyone talking out there.”  She points toward our cabin door.  My first thought is I should probably check the cookies in the closet, but I bypass them and walk quickly to our door.  I have to grab on tightly to the door handle as we violently roll side to side.  I hope I’m still dreaming.   I get through the cabin almost falling into everyone lying awake in their bunks.  Even Tim is up and trying to stand up in the galley.  I hope he’s securing the food.  I wonder if cookie bags float.  I jump up on the ladder, I’m glad I can hold on with both hands.  I get to the top and the first thing I feel is pounding cold rain and a wind blowing across my body, I feel like it’s going to blow my head off.  I’m not sure what time it is, but it’ completely dark.  I can see Ron; at least I think it’s him.  He’s clutching the wheel with both hands.  He looks like he’s holding on for life.  I see his long hair blowing all over the place. Maybe Karen is right he does need a haircut.  I stumble over to him feeling the rain and wind strike my body like a thousand tiny pinpricks and I hate anything that even resembles a needle.  I wonder if that Benetton shirt protects him from the wind too.  I’ll have to ask him.
“What’s going on?”  I yell.  I hear my voice fly out of my mouth and get carried away by the wind.
“Big storm, told you about those gray skies.”  I can’t believe it he has that smile on his face again.
I am right next to him now.  I’m holding onto the cockpit wooden railing. I hope it’s secure.  “You by yourself?”
“Yep, I sent the other guys down below. It’s not safe up there.”  He points towards the bow where I see a large wave crash over the deck.
“Oh my God!”  
It’s pretty rough out here. I’ve seen worse though.  Just hold on.”  He points at the tangle of lines at my feet.  “Can you let some of those out?  I think she’s blowing at least sixty knots right now.  We don’t need all that sail.”  I loosen the cleat and see one of the large topsails crash down.  I hope he doesn’t expect me to go up there and roll it up.  I’ll have to let him know Jason will be happy to do that.  I un-cleat a few others so we’re down to just two sails, but we’re still moving along very quickly.  I can’t see the shore alongside us anymore, but I see Ron closely watching the compass, I hope he’s not pretending like I do.   I look up as both sails catch a large gust of wind and we rock over to the starboard side, it feels like we’re going to tip over, maybe I can ride on one of the dolphins if we do.  I hear another large crack and a large gush of water rolls across the front of the deck again.  I guess Ron won’t be sleeping up there tonight.  A minute later the large hull lifts out of the water and comes crashing down making a large crackling sound that sounds like the boat has just split in half.  I have to look up towards the bow to make sure it’s still there.  For some reason Ron is still smiling.  I’ll have to ask him if he likes roller coasters.  I’m glad Connick and Maura aren’t on board because this would probably be the end of them.  I’ll have to ask Karen again what they meant about not picking them up after we find Marissa, though I’m starting to wonder if we’re going to make it up there.  
“Hold on…here comes another one.”  I look where he is pointing and I see a mountain of water coming at us off to the port it looks like a skyscraper.  I wonder if this is going to be it and to think I was scared of a tiger, maybe I should have gotten off with Connick and Maura too.  I watch as Ron quickly turns the wheel towards the massive wave.  I can feel the boat fighting below us, but eventually we start to turn into the monster.  I feel us start to climb, all hundred and something feet of us are up in the air.  I actually have a saying for this, what goes up must come down, but I don’t get a chance to say it because the next thing I know I am underwater and it’s difficult to talk with a mouth full of water.  I’m holding on as tightly as I can, I think we’re coming back I just hope it’s not to the ocean floor.  A few seconds later I feel the wind and rain again so I know I know we haven’t sunk yet.  “That was good one huh?”  I think I nod but I’m not sure anymore because I’m shivering so much from the cold water still in my lungs.  “This is when you find out what these old things are really made out of.”  He taps the wheel.  “You know we were out in that perfect storm…you know the movie about the fishing boat from Gloucester.”  I think I nod again but I’m still not sure.  I’m trying to get the water out of my ears. “I was just a kid, but it was just like that movie, it really was.  Old man didn’t think we were gonna make it, but we did. We came through okay, boat and all.”  He looks all around us.  “You know this is starting to remind me of that.”  I gulp.
“You think she can handle this?”
He stomps on the deck.  “We’ll find out.  That’s what I love most about the ocean, it’s just you against Mother Nature, doesn’t matter who you are or what kind of equipment you have.  She makes all the rules…whoa!!...hold on…look at this one coming.”  I look where he’s pointing and grab the railing as tight as I can and close my eyes.  I feel him turn the boat beneath us.  I’m not sure what to expect, but I know it’s not going to be good.  I open my eyes for a second and see Ron still smiling.  I shake my head and tuck my chin to my chest.  All of a sudden I feel the rush of cold water trying to throw me over the side.  I’m holding on as tightly as I can but it doesn’t feel like it’s going to be enough. I try and picture Baby Seth. It’s amazing he looks just like me, better not tell Jason that, and I hold on even tighter.  I feel the boat lurch forward and up and then a few seconds later we crash down and I’m underwater again, maybe I should tell Ron I don’t really like to swim that much.  Finally the water clears out of my ears and lungs and mouth.  I can still taste the salt water.  I may have to have a couple of extra bags of cookies tonight.  I open my eyes and see Ron waving at the cabin.  I look back and there’s Karen and someone else behind her.  I can’t tell who it is with all the water in my eyes.  I wave to her and then she disappears back down below.
“This is unbelievable.”  I shout out.
“Fun isn’t it.  I love the thrill of a large catch but this is even better.”  I jump when a large crack of thunder and lightning strike someplace too close to comfort.  “Don’t be so jumpy, enjoy it while you can, it will be over before you know it.  I guess you probably know most fishermen are adrenaline junkies we live for this stuff.”
“I just hope we live.”  I mumble.
“What did you say?”
“Nothing.”
“Do you want to take her?”  He points at the wheel.  I shake my head.  “Okay but you’re missing out.”
“I think the only thing I’m missing is my head.  I better check and make sure it’s still there.”  I think he laughs but I’m not sure because another huge wind gust tilts us so far to the port that I think I might be face to face in the water with one of the dolphins.  I hear Ron screaming at the top of his lungs.  I wonder if he’s trying to wake up the fish.  We finally upright a minute later and I try and get my balance.  I wonder how things are looking down below.  I thought I heard some loud crashes when we were leaning over.
“I think we’re making up for some lost time now.  I’m glad I’m not still on the Sea Breeze or I would probably be swimming.  She is really handling this storm nice.  This thing isn’t an original is it?”
I shake my head.  “No it’s a replica.”
“Too bad I’d love to try this on an original one and see how it holds up.”  I just look at him with the big grin on his face.  He looks so in control. His Benetton shirt is soaked and his hair is pasted to his head but he doesn’t seem to have a care in the world.  I actually start to feel jealous until I feel the bow point straight up in the air.  Here we go again.  “Hold on again Sethy boy.”  I hear him laugh.  I grip the rail tightly again and wait for the bucket of cold water to come across the deck.  Sure enough a second later I feel the ocean trying to pry me away.  It’s almost like the sea has come alive and is trying to reach out and pull me into it.  I hold on even tighter and try and think about Baby Seth again, but the water just keeps coming and I don’t think we’ve started coming down yet from the wave.  A second later, I hear a loud bang and I think Ron’s voice cursing.  I hope Karen didn’t hear him or he’ll probably get whacked in the mouth like I do.  Finally we start coming down and the water starts to let up.  I’m struggling holding on because I’m shivering so much, but somehow I’m able to make it through.  After the water drains off of me I’m glad to see Ron’s still there and so is the boat, but I don’t see the smile anymore.
“What happened?”
He points towards the forward mast and frowns.  “Look.”  The boom has unhinged itself and is swinging all over the deck, another big gust of wind and who knows where it will land.
“I’ve got to go secure it.  Take over the wheel.”  He looks all around us in every direction and then let’s go of the wheel and heads up on the deck.  I run and grab hold of the wheel with both hands wedging my fingers into the spokes, no wonder he was able to hold on so well compared to my little rail I was holding on to.  I watch as a medium sized gust throws Ron and the mast across the deck, somehow he is able to hold on.  After he gets his feet back on the deck, I see him pointing frantically behind me. I turn around expecting to see a shark, but instead I see a tower of ocean water bearing down on us.  I think this may be it, we may sink.  I wonder if I should start calling for my dolphin friends.  I turn back around and grab the wheel as tight as I can and wait.  It feels like an hour that goes by till I feel the blast of frigid water strike my back.  It’s like I’m standing under Niagara Falls.  I try and keep the boat aimed straight ahead, but I’m not really sure which way were headed anymore.  I don’t think the compass is even there anymore, I hope I am.  Finally the wave washes over us and I violently rub my eyes till I can see.  I don’t see Ron anywhere.  I look towards the boom, it’s still swinging all over the place, but he’s not on it.  I look off both sides of the boat to see if he’s bobbing up and down in the waves, there’s no sign of him anywhere.  It’s so loud and noisy out here with the wind and rain that I don’t think I could hear him if her were yelling for me.  I’m not sure what to do.  I feel another big wind gust hit us from the side and pull us over again, then I see Ron clutching for all his life on the end of a line.  He’s dangling off the side off the high end of the boat.  I immediately let go of the wheel and run up the deck.  I see him motioning something with his head but I’m not sure what it means.  The rain is beating down even harder and the waves are crashing into the side of the boat so loudly it sounds like we are on a battlefield.  I get within about five feet of him and lie down on the deck holding on with one hand, my bowling one, I really hope we don’t get another huge wave or I will probably be going over too.  I try and look for the dolphins but I can’t see anything with the white foam and spray from the wind.  I slide on my stomach towards Ron.  I’m about a foot away from the rope.  He’s still clutching it.  I can see his face grimacing with pain.  I wonder if I should ask him if he still likes this, or why he’s not smiling anymore.  I look back behind us for another large wave, luckily I don’t see one, but I probably wouldn’t be able to see it anyway with the cold spray slamming into my face.  I think I hear Karen’s voice calling for me too, at first I’m tempted to head back in case she has a bag of cookies, but instead I reach my hand out towards the rope and try and pull it towards me.  I miss.  I can see Ron starting to slip, he’s only a few feet from the ocean and then he’ll be gone.  I think back to the taste of that flounder and the swordfish that he promised to make so I reach out again and I get ahold of the line.  I start pulling with all my strength and somehow I’m able to get him closer to the deck and further away from the water but just as I’m about to pull him in, I feel another wave wash over us.  I’m blinded but I feel the rope between my fingers.  I think I’m still holding onto the rail with my bowling hand too, but it’s hard to tell with the amount of water washing over me.  I try and pull but nothing’s happening. I can see Ron still holding on but his time is running out.  His hand is starting to slip.  I’ve got to do something or I’ll never get to taste that swordfish.  I try and think what kind of cookie would go best with it.  I suddenly decide to let go of the rail with my hand and grab hold of the line with both hands, if we get hit with another wave or large gust of wind, we’ll both be hanging off the side.  I look up and see the boom still dangling.  I quickly let go before I wonder why I’m doing this and grab hold of the line. I start pulling as hard as I can and nothing is happening.  I try and imagine throwing a perfect strike and I pull harder while behind Ron and I see another water wall coming right at us.   This is going to be it.  I can already feel the foam spraying my face.  I try and imagine what it will be like to go into the ocean at least it will be quick.  I’m not that good of a swimmer and even if I were no one could survive these waves.  I wish I could let go and wave to Karen if she’s watching, but I hold on as tightly as I can.  I think Ron’s yelling something but it’s lost in the sound of the approaching wave.  It’s just a matter of seconds till it hits us.  I wonder what Ron’s thinking about.  I still don’t see him smiling.  I wonder if I should ask him if he likes Mother Nature now.  I hope Lawrence and Jason will be able to get us to Connecticut and rescue Marissa.  Maybe now they have to name the baby Seth in my honor.  I look up and close my eyes as the wave is directly over us and starting to break.  I can’t believe it, what a way to go.  I close my eyes and mouth tightly as I feel the water envelope my body.  I think I’m still holding on, but I feel like I am up in the air now.  I wish I had a surfboard at least I could say I got to ride the big one.  I try and open my eyes but the rushing water is too much.  I think we’re high above the deck now and I don’t think I’m holding on anymore but I can feel Ron somewhere next to me.  I wish I could take one last look at that shirt before it ends.  I quickly thank God for everything as I feel us start to descend.  I wonder how the impact will feel, hopefully it will be quick. Maybe I should open my mouth.  Karen always says my mouth is what always gets me in trouble so maybe I should go out using it.  I feel myself start to drift away and everything is getting dark and blurry. This must be what it feels like to die.  At least nothing hurts.  I wonder if I should open my eyes so I see the bright light.  I still feel something in my hand and I realize it’s Ron’s hand.  I hope the rest of him is attached to it.  I try to yell goodbye to Karen before I go out but I don’t think anyone can hear me, so I just close my eyes.


Chapter 27

 I try and open my eyes but the light is so bright, I’m glad I at least got to see the bright light, too bad I can’t let Karen know it really exists.  I think I must be lying on a cloud because it feels so soft below me.  I hope Karen’s proud of me for trying to save Ron.  I wonder if he’s on a nearby cloud, if I could open my eyes maybe I could wave.  I lie back, relax and try to enjoy the peace until I feel something banging on my shoulder.   I wish it would stop, maybe it’s a bird.  I think I hear it tweeting, but it sounds so mumbled it almost sounds like it’s trying to talk, maybe it’s one of those talking birds.  I have always wanted one of those.  Maybe it’s going to stay on my cloud.  Too bad Karen will never know I finally got my own talking bird.  I hope he has colorful feathers.  I keep hearing the bird sounds so I slowly open my eyes.  I see something colorful next to me.  I think I like the colors of my bird. It looks like he’s green and yellow, every things still blurry so I can’t make out the rest of him.
“Seth…Seth…”  I can’t believe it he even knows my name.  I wonder what I should call him.  I reach out to try and touch him.  He feels so soft.  “Seth..Seth…”
“What’s your name birdie?”  I ask.  I can still see him next to me.
“Seth…”
“No…that’s my name what’s yours?”  I try and sit up.  I hope I don’t fall off the cloud.
“Seth…stop it…it’s me.”  I start to laugh.  I can’t believe I have a bird that talks just like Karen.  “Wake up Seth.”  I finally open my eyes all the way and see Karen standing right above me.  I start to laugh the bird looks just like Karen.
“You look just like my wife.”  I say.  I look to my left and see the green and yellow bird, though it’s not a bird it’s Ron’s Benetton shirt.  He’s on the same cloud as me.
“That’s because I am your wife Seth.  Are you okay?”
“Where’s my bird?”
“Seth…what are you talking about?”
“Are you sure this cloud is going to hold all of us?”
“What cloud?  What bird?”  I feel soft hands touching my shoulder.  I look up and see masts above me.  I place my hands below me and I feel soft cloth.  It doesn’t feel like a cloud anymore.  I think it is a sail.
“Seth…you’re okay, you just hit your head after the storm.”  I feel her lips kiss mine.  They feel so warm.  I slowly sit up.  I’m seated in the middle of the boat on the mainsail.  Next to me is Ron still wearing his Benetton, he’s sitting up as well.  He nods at me, so much for my bird.  I nod back.
‘You saved my life dude.”  He reaches over and taps my shoulder.  I look up at the boom.  I have to squint because of the bright sunlight.  It’s still hanging loosely.  I can see the blue water on both sides of us calmly washing by.
“You mean I’m not on a cloud and that’s not a talking bird.”  I point at Ron and he looks at me oddly.
“Nope, you are on deck and there are no birds here.  You both took a bad fall and landed right here.  I saw the whole thing out the window, but we couldn’t get out here till the storm slowed down.  I knew you were safe because you landed right on the pile of sails.”  I place my hands below me and push on the sails.  It does feel soft.  I wonder if this is what a cloud feels like.
“How’s the boat?”
I see Karen’s eyes roam over the deck.  “I think it’s okay.  Jason cleaned up a bunch of stuff below.  Everything looks okay up here.  “Let’s try and get you guys down below.”  I feel Karen’s hands below me and I’m somehow able to stand up.  I feel slightly lightheaded but I’m able to walk slowly.  I look over at Ron and he doesn’t have his hat on.  I hope he didn’t lose it.  Jason is helping him.  We both slowly parade across the deck towards the cockpit.  Lawrence is standing at the wheel.  I look up and a few of the sails are up.  I wonder who raised them.  Karen leads me down the ladder.  I feel a few hands below me guiding me down.  Karen and I walk back to our cabin and I climb into bed.
“You really scared me last night Seth.  I’m so glad you’re okay.  I watched you out the window the whole night.  I could see you breathing so I knew you were okay.
“What happened?”
“You were trying to help Ron.  He was hanging off the side of the boat holding onto the boom line.  I think you jumped out to the line so you were both hanging out there.  I started to scream.”  She wipes a tear from her eyes.  “I could only see you out the window.  I thought you were gone.”  I try and look out our window.  “Then a big blast of wind came and you two went flying up in the air. You grabbed onto Ron.  I couldn’t see you anymore.  A few minutes later, Jason ran outside to take over the wheel and he said he could see you on top of the sails.”  She wipes her eyes again.  “I was so happy when I saw you lying there still breathing.  I really thought I had lost you Seth.”  She hugs me tightly, “My hero. You saved Ron’s life.  Seth you were so brave.”
“Can you open that closet?”
“Oh Seth…I’ll get you something much better than those cookies.  You stay right here and I’ll have Tim make you something great.”  I nod my head and close my eyes.  A minute later, I’m sleeping dreaming about a talking bird again.  Karen wakes me up a little while later and hands me a helping plate of pancakes.  I can’t believe how good they taste.  I think I go back to sleep again because the next time I see Karen it’s totally dark inside our cabin and I quickly sit up.  “Why don’t you just relax tonight Seth?  Jason and Ron are out there.”
“Ron’s out there?”  She nods.  I slowly stand up.  “I’ve got to go see where we are?”  Karen follows me through the cabin.  I see Tim in the galley.  He nods to me.  I nod back and rub my stomach.  Karen pushes me forward.  She must not have seen me grab those bags of cookies from our cabin and put them in my pocket.  I slowly climb up the ladder and see Ron at the wheel.  He’s smiling.
“There’s the superhero.”  I nod.  He’s still wearing his Benetton shirt.  I remember the talking bird.  I wonder if it’s a good time to bring it up to Karen.   “How you feeling?”
“Good.”  I wonder if I would look good in a superman outfit.  I’ll have to see if Karen can make one. “How we doing out here?”
“We’re moving along.”  He points off to the port side.  “That’s Delaware over there.”
“Really?”
“Yep, somehow we stayed on course overnight and we’ve been moving pretty quickly all day.  We’re getting there.”  I look at the flag flying perfectly behind him.  I wonder if Lawrence was able to keep it like that too.    “Look up there.”  He points at the forward mast.  I can see the boom has been repaired and is back in place.
“You fixed it?”
He nods.  “It was a little easier without a huge storm blowing at us.  You’re a brave guy.  Most guys would have just let me go.”
“I had to do something, you were just hanging on.”  I take out a bag of cookies.  Karen looks at me.
“I owe you.”  He winks at me.  I hope Karen didn’t see that, she might get jealous.  “I’m going to catch you that swordfish really soon.  I promise.”  I feel my mouth begin to drool.    I wonder if they’ll be any more storms I can save him from.    I stay up on deck for the next few hours before Karen finally convinces me that I should get some rest.  She said something about superheroes need their sleep so I decided to finally give in.  I still feel a little groggy after hitting my head.  Ron and Lawrence are manning the helm.  I think they said Jason was going up the rigging to work on the topsails because some of them need a little repair.  I did get another plate when we walked by Tim in the galley.  He must have heard I’m a superhero now too.  I suggested a superman suit to Karen but she just shook her head.  After I finished my plate, we finally fell asleep.  I spent the night dreaming about my talking bird and how I would look in a Superman suit.  I feel Karen tapping me on the shoulder and as soon as I open my eyes I see the sunlight pouring in through our cabin.  I immediately hop out of bed and start doing pushups on our cabin floor.
“Seth, what are you doing?”
I stop after a quick ten.  “I’m a hero now Karen.”
“Oh Seth…it’s going right to your head.”  She laughs and leans down and rubs my shoulders.  I hope she’s impressed with my muscle tone.  I do ten more and jump up.
“Let’s go Karen…we have lives to save.”  She lightly punches me on the shoulder.
“C’mon Superman, let’s go get some breakfast.”  I follow Karen out our door and past the rows of bunks.  Many of them are still filled.  I guess everyone is sleeping in today.  They must feel I have everything under control.  I can already picture my election poster it will be me wearing my Superman suit.  There’s no way I can lose now.  I grab a plate from Tim and take it up on deck.  It’s pancakes again.  I see Ron still at the wheel and Lawrence is seated next to him.  He looks like he has been dozing.  His eyes are all red.
“Good morning Seth…how are you feeling?”
I nod my head and flex my bicep.  “I’m ready to go today.”  I see Ron laugh and Karen shake her head behind me.
“That’s New Jersey over there.”  He points behind me.  I look at the row of beaches making up the Jersey Shore and smile.  “A few more days and we’ll be there.”
“And closer to the swordfish too.”  He smiles.
“I think I’m going to take a nap for a while.  You wouldn’t mind taking over would you?”
I slide in front of the wheel.  “No problem.”  I look at Lawrence.  “You look like you could use some sleep too.”  He nods and slowly gets up and disappears down below.  I watch as Ron walks to the bow again and crumples down.  I see Jason lying down somewhere in the middle of the deck.  I grip the wheel with one hand and eat with my other.  Karen is seated next to me.  It looks like it’s going to be another great day, no storms for me to perform any heroics, but I guess all superheroes need a day off.  Karen and I maintain our current course alongside New Jersey for the next several hours.  We both keep our eyes on the coast trying to remember our days before the virus when we used to live here and sail these same waters with our own boat.  It seems like another lifetime and in many ways it actually was.  Who knew I would become a superhero in our new life.
“Seth…what’s that?”  I snap out of my daydream and look where Karen’s pointing.  Ahead of us in the distance is a bright white sail.  


Chapter 28

“I think it’s another boat Karen.”  I quickly turn the wheel starboard away from the shore.  A few seconds later I feel The Virginia start to turn.  The sails start to ruffle a little and I think the flag behind me is flapping, but I don’t look.  I hope Karen doesn’t notice.  I angle the boat so the wind catches the sails and starts to pull us in the direction of the other boat.
“What are you doing back there bro?”  I look up and see Ron quickly walking back towards the cockpit.  He’s rubbing his eyes.  Hopefully he can’t see the flag flapping.
“Look over there.”  I point at the horizon.
“That a boat?”
“Yep.”  He sits down next to Karen and me.
“I bet that’s one of the ones we chased when Johnny was here.  I told you they were out here.  You gonna try and catch him?” I nod.  “I bet they try and outrun you.  They are fast I’m telling you…we had no chance and we had a J.”  I look back at the flag and see it’s not flapping correctly.  “You’ll never catch it like this.  Let me give it a try.”  I look over at Karen. She shrugs.
“Okay.”  I step away from the wheel and watch Ron skillfully turn the wheel slightly right and I immediately feel The Virginia lurch forward.  The flag is flapping correctly.  I hope Karen still thinks I’m a superhero.  
“You know we’re going off course a little…could slow us down getting to Connecticut.”
“I know.  I just want to see what their story is.”
“They’re survivors like all of us…that’s what we all are…survivors.”  I watch as he pulls and loosens various lines on the sails, he moves like a marionette.  The boat seems to come alive with him at the controls.  We already seem to be closing in on the boat in front of us.  I can see it getting bigger and bigger by the minute.  “Don’t be surprised if they don’t want any part of us.” 
“I don’t understand how you guys couldn’t catch them before.”
“They’re good and if it’s the one I think it is.”  I see him squint his eyes and look at the large sail gleaming on the horizon. “If it’s the one I think it is…I can’t tell from here but I think it’s the catamaran, we’re not going to catch it with this big thing unless we get another storm.”  I start blowing at the sails. He laughs.  “It will take a lot more than that.”
“How many people were aboard?”
“I think it was just two, a man and a lady.  They’re might be more, that was all I could see.  We gave up on them once we saw you guys in the distance.  It was a no brainer to go after you.”  I look at Karen.  “We chased them around for a couple of days.  I think they just stay out at sea.”
“You think they see us?”
He looks at me and laughs. “I think you could see this thing from the moon.”
“It looks like were catching up to them.”
“You are right…it does.  Maybe they are done playing chase.”  He turns the wheel slightly. I watch over the next few hours as we close in.  We’re no more than fifty yards behind them now.  They are definitely not trying to get away from us because I can clearly see the duel hulls of the large catamaran.  It’s got to be at least sixty feet long.  They only have one large sail flying and it’s not even full.  I wonder if Ron notices.  I laugh quietly at the name on the stern, Duel Income.  I watch a Ron expertly guides us along their port side.  I can see two people on board, it looks like a man and a woman.  They are probably no older than fifty but it’s hard to tell from this distance.  They’re both seated in the cockpit and it looks like they’re trying to figure out who we are.  I wonder if I should yell out that I saved someone’s life yesterday.  I try to draw a large Superman “S” in the air so they know till Karen grabs my wrist and pushes it back down.  A few minutes later we are right alongside.  Everyone but the three of us are down below, we’re not taking any chances after what happened with Ron’s old boat.  We pull up right alongside and somehow Ron keeps us next to them.  I wave at them and they both wave back.  I can see the apprehension in their faces.  The man is tall, taller than me. I hope Karen doesn’t think I’m too short now.  Maybe she can put something in my shoes to make me as tall as Superman.  He is definitely nearing fifty or maybe a little bit older.  He has grayish brown hair and is wearing tan shorts and a collared shirt, typical boaters outfit.  I’m glad he’s not wearing a Superman outfit.  I can’t wait to wear mine.  The woman looks petite with short blond hair.  She’s dressed similarly.  They are both standing up looking towards us.   I watch Jason grab hold of their railing to keep us together.  A minute later, I’m face to face with another fellow survivor.
“Ahoy.”  I yell out.
“Ahoy.”  The man answers back.  I bet Karen’s impressed with my social skills.  I reach out and grab hold of the catamaran’s railing.  It’s a beautiful boat, at least sixty feet of gleaming fiberglass and luxury.  I’ve never sailed a catamaran but seeing this I wonder if we should trade the schooner in for one of these.  I watch as the woman pushes a button and the main sail immediately furls into the mast.  I wonder if we could do that on the schooner.  I look at Jason and then decide I would rather have him continue climbing up the masts.  Ron is still standing at the wheel.  I can see him tying off lines on cleats.  Jason is still holding on near the bow, making sure we don’t slam against them.  
“Beautiful boat.”  I call out.  I watch the tall man look towards his bow.
“Thanks.  We got it right before all this happened and we’ve been out here ever since.”
“You’ve been out here for two years?”
He nods his head and looks at the woman.  She slowly walks over at stands next to him.  She is much shorter.  I wonder if he has anything in his shoes.  “Steve and Lisa.”  I reach over and shake his hand.  “Great schooner, I bet she loves these seas.”
I look back at Ron.  “She’s been good to us.”  I say.  I see the man curiously looking at Ron.
“Wait a minute.”  He takes a step back standing in front of the woman.  “You’re from that other boat.  You guys tried to shoot us.”  
I immediately place my hands in the air.  “He’s a good guy.”  I point at Ron.
“They took shots at us and followed us around for days.”  He points at the cockpit.  “See all these holes.”  I notice tiny cracks in the fiberglass where bullets landed.  “I recognize him and that shirt.  They all wore those.”  
“They did the same thing with us.  They took three of our people and one of them was my daughter and Baby Seth.”
“Seth…he’s not Baby Seth and Marissa is pregnant.”   I look behind me and see Karen standing there.
“This is my wife Karen.”  I hold out my hand.  “And I’m Seth Winston, otherwise known as a superhero.”
“Oh Seth…”
“This is Lisa and my name is Steve.”  He steps aside and Lisa stands next to him again.  I can see him still eyeing Ron.
“That’s Ron.  He was from the Sea Breeze and now he has joined us.  We’re heading back after them to get Marissa back.”
“Where did they take her?”
“Connecticut.”
“You’re almost there.”  I nod.  “Winds have been good up that way.  We just came down from there.”
“How did you make out in that storm?”  I wonder if I should tell them what I did.  I look at Karen and she’s shaking her head.  Maybe that means she’s going to brag for me.
“We were able to outrun some of it, so we didn’t get hit too bad.  How did you make out?”
Karen immediately steps in front of me.  “We had a tough time, but we made it thanks to these two guys.”  She points at me and Ron.  I draw an “S” on my shirt.  I hope Steve gets the message.
“Have you guys been out here the whole time too?”
I lean forward.  “No, we have been living in DC up until a week or so ago, when a large wildfire came through…”
“We saw all the smoke, looks like it has gone away though.  Was it safe in there?  We were scared to go in.”
“Oh yeah, the virus has all but gone away.  We were out at sea when it happened and then I decided we needed to come ashore…”  I feel a sharp elbow hit my ribs. “Okay…Karen and Marissa decided we need to come ashore.  We’ve been living in the White House ever since.”
“Hold on…was that you calling out on the radio all the time?”
I nod.  “Yep, it started with just the three of us and we have over sixty people now.  They’re all down below.”  I can see them trying to look in our windows.
“Wow.”  He places his arm around Lisa.  “It’s been just the two of us.  We haven’t seen anyone in two years until those guys showed up and started shooting at us.”  He looks at Ron.  
Ron slowly walks over.  “Look…I’m sorry they were getting desperate.  I’m done with them.”  I explain how we found Ron on the Sea Breeze by himself and all he’s done to help us get where we are now.
“How are you planning on getting her back?”  Steve looks at me and then Ron.
“Ron knows where they are…we’re not really sure how were going to get them back, I guess we’ll make a plan once we get there.”
“Steve used to be Chief of Police, maybe he could help you.”  Lisa looks at Steve who nods.
“Absolutely…I would love to offer any help I can, especially after what they did to us.  They could have sank us or even worse killed us.”  He looks at over at Ron. “I’m glad you decided to get away from them, I’m sure you’ll be a big help.”  Ron nods.  “So what’s it like back there.”  He points at the land behind us.
“At first it was tough, bodies everywhere, but now or at least a week ago it was nice.  Quiet, but nice except for the tigers.”  I see Ron and Steve look at me oddly.  “Yep, we had tigers running through DC.  Our guy Jim, another guy who was taken, thought they probably escaped from the zoo and then started running from the fire.  We left right after that.”
“The White House huh…must be nice.”
“It fits all of us and we had power thanks again to Jim.  He built hundreds of windmills and placed them all over the White House law, You’d never recognize the place.”  I wonder if I should tell him about me being the Director and my bowling night.
“It’s actually quite comfortable.”  Karen adds.  “I think you would like it.  I can’t believe you have been living on the water the whole time.”
“Neither can we.”  Lisa answers and then edges closer to Karen.  I see them start talking and then everything becomes mumbled to me once they both start talking at the same time.  Steve and I both laugh.  I want to say something funny about women and their chatting but I keep my mouth shut.
“So how many people did they take?”
“Three…but we also lost two the other day due to seasickness.”
“They didn’t make it?”
“No…we dropped them off in North Carolina.  We’ll go back for them after we get Marissa and Jim and Thomas back.  They just weren’t boat people.”  I try and look into the cabin onto the Duel Income but I can’t see anything beyond the ladder.
“You want to come aboard?”
I nod my head and Look over at Karen but she isn’t paying attention to me she’s still talking away to Lisa.  “Sure I would love too.  I’ve never been on a catamaran.  We had a GulfStar 50 before the virus hit.”
“That’s a nice boat.  I’d never been on a catamaran before either, a friend of mine took me out on his and I was sold ever since.”  
“I can’t get over how wide it is.”
“And it moves so fast even in a light breeze.  It’s so easy to sail too.”  I sit down behind the wheel and pretend to sail it.  I close my eyes and imagine myself outrunning the Sea Breeze and laughing.  I only wish we had been able to do that because we would still have Marissa.  I start thinking about Marissa and our sailing days before all this happened.  She would have loved the Duel Income.
“Seth…Seth…”  I look up and see Karen standing over me.  “What are you doing?”
“Just thinking how much Marissa would have liked this boat.”
“She would have.”  She looks at Steve and Lisa.  “Marissa loves boats. She would go out with us every summer or weekends and just sail for weeks on end.  We usually had no destination.  She loved it.”
“Sounds like a great girl and she’s carrying your grandson.  It sounds like we have to get her back.”  Steve sits down next to me.  “I’ll tell you what.  How about we come with you to Connecticut and we’ll help you get her back.”  I look up at Steve and can’t contain a smile.  “Like Lisa said I was a police officer in my previous career.  It’s still so weird talking about it like that.”  
I nod.  “I still think about my old job every day.”  I decide not to tell him that I am currently a Director and a Superhero because Karen is looking at me.
“What did you do?”
“Stockbroker.”
“I could have used you to make me some money, though it wouldn’t be doing me any good now.”  I laugh, though I think about telling him I’m thinking of starting a few businesses that he could pay me to perform.
“Where did you work?”
“New York and we lived in New Jersey.”
“I worked in Newark.”
“You were Chief of Police in Newark?”  He nods.  I try and think of any tickets I received and if they were in Newark.  I wonder if he could get them off my record.  I’ll have to ask Karen if it still matters later.
“And before that I was in SWAT for many years so we should be able to come up with something to get everyone back.”
“Thanks so much.”  I shake his hand.  I look behind me back at the Virginia and everyone has come from down below and is standing on the deck.  Even the little ones are there. “There are the rest of us.”  I watch as he walks to the edge of the Duel Income and says hi to everyone.  I like this guy and it sure looks like Karen and Lisa have hit it off, maybe I should tell Karen we don’t have to go back for Connick and Maura after all since we have new best friends.  We talk for a little while longer than we hop back on the Virginia and set off for Connecticut.  Steve has promised he won’t go too fast.


Chapter 29 

Another day has passed and we are just south of New York City.  I can’t believe it. I haven’t been back here since we first came ashore.  We’re far enough away that I can only see the buildings, but it all feels so familiar.  Right ahead of us is Steve and Lisa, just as he promised he has maintained a reasonable speed.  The wind has been fairly light the whole time so we’ve been traveling slower than usual even with Ron at the wheel.  We took turns throughout the night last night with each of us sleeping off and on. I think the Duel Income must have a good autopilot because I didn’t see anyone on duty last night when I was steering.  I’ll have to ask Lisa what her job was so I know how they could afford a boat like that.  I wonder if Jim can make the Virginia into a catamaran.  I’ll have to make that his first job when we get him back on board.  I feel pretty good about getting Marissa back now that we have Steve with us.  He should have some good ideas.  I hope he doesn’t think less of me being a stockbroker.  I wonder what he’ll think of Jason not having any career.  I hope he likes me better.  I asked Karen what she thought of my career choice and she just shook her head and mumbled something about me being obsessed.  She even brought up all the TV’s we had in our house.  I hope she doesn’t tell Steve about that.  I’ll have to tell Karen that it’s better than me being a cop and having police radios all over the house. I wonder which one she would like better.  I’m at the wheel now and I’m trying to stay up with Steve and Lisa.  I keep looking back at the flag behind us and it seems to be flying fairly straight so I think we’re going about as fast as we can, though Ron could probably make us go a little faster.  I hope Steve doesn’t become impatient.  The weather is so clear and light, perfect for a catamaran.  They look so graceful up ahead of us, almost like they’re just floating.  I’ve got all the sails pulled tightly and Jason and Lawrence are up on the masts.  Karen is seated beside me.  She just brought me a nice lunch from Tim.  It was a sandwich, the good bread and some kind of veggie meat in the middle.  I’m still thinking about that swordfish.  Ron said that after we get Marissa back he’ll catch us a fish.  I wonder if he’ll use his boat.  I try and imagine going out on a large commercial fishing boat with Ron and a crew.  I would definitely have to grow my hair long.  Karen couldn’t say anything about that if I was a commercial fisherman.  I try and picture what it would be like working the nets and lines on a real boat.  I wonder if I would be as good as Ron at making fish.
“Seth…Seth…you’re falling off course.”  I look up and Karen is pointing ahead of us.  I see the Duel Income way off to our right.   
“I think they turned on us…maybe they’re lost.”
“Seth your eyes were closed.”
“I was thinking about you.”
“Right Seth…just steer the boat or I’ll go wake up Ron.”  I quickly stand up and stretch my arms.  I see Jason looking back at me.  I stick out my tongue. He quickly looks the other way.  I turn us back towards Steve and Lisa.  I hope they weren’t looking behind them.  I’m happy we’re back on course because the next thing I see is Ron walking towards us.  I hope he didn’t notice anything.
“How’s it going back here?”
“We’re doing great.”  I quickly answer.
“I think someone needs a break.”  I see Karen looking at me and smiling.
“Okay…it’s all yours.”  I let go of the wheel and follow Karen down below.  I can smell something cooking in the galley so I start walking a little quicker.  I follow my nose and see Tim smiling.
“Ron caught us some more fish last night.  Are you ready?”
“Is it swordfish?”
“No…it’s more flounder.”  I immediately feel my mouth begin to water.  I wonder why no one told me about it.  “I’ll get you a plate.”  I start smiling till I hear Karen tell me to calm down.  A little while later, I’m feeling my eyes become heavy as we lie in our cabin.  The next thing I know I’m drifting off to sleep dreaming about being a commercial fisherman.  Just as I’m about to reel in my first sword, I hear Karen calling my name.
“Hold on a second.”  I yell out.
“They need you now Seth.”  I open my eyes and immediately feel my line go slack and the big fish swim away.
“Do you know how close I was to catching that thing?”
“What are you talking about Seth?”
“Swordfishing…”
She nods.  “Okay Seth…I have no idea as usual what you are talking about, but Ron and Steve want to talk to you about a plan.”
“On the swordfish?”
“No Seth…on our daughter.  Remember her?”  I see her shaking her head, so I quickly snap out of my sleep haze.
“Yeah…sorry I was a little tired.”
“A little…you’ve been sleeping almost ten hours straight.”
“No wonder I’m so hungry and dreaming about fish.”
“Oh Seth, get ready and go meet with the guys. We’re here and they’re ready.” I immediately feel my heart beat pick up its pace.
“We’re here?”
“Yes.”  I try and look out the window in our cabin.
“Why didn’t you wake me up?”
“I tried, but you kept yelling something about dropping the lines.”
“I was swordfishing Karen.”
“I see.  Now hurry and get up there.”  I quickly jump out of bed.  It’s still somewhat light outside, but I don’t know if it’s morning or night.
“I need breakfast first.”
“Seth, get up there and I’ll bring you something out.”
“Any swordfish?”  I feel her hand strike my shoulder.  I can’t tell if she smiles or not but I think she says something about sticking a swordfish on me if I don’t start moving so I quickly scramble up topside.  I immediately see Steve and Lisa’s boat tied up next to us.  On either side we are surrounded by land, Long Island on one side and Connecticut on the other.  We made it.  I can almost feel Marissa’s presence in the air.	
“Look what the cat dragged in.” Ron and Steve smile.  They are both seated near the wheel on the Virginia.  I look up and most of our sails our down as well as the Duel Income.   “Boy you’d never make it as a fisherman sleeping like you do.”  I feel my face start to drop.  I guess I better not tell him my dream of being a swordfisherman, I think he senses my disappointment because he immediately responds, “I guess we would have to make you the captain so you would have the best quarters.”  I try and smile but I’m not sure what comes out.  “You missed a lot while you were asleep.”  He looks at Steve.  “The wind kicked up and we actually beat them here, passed right by them.”  They both laugh like old sailor buddies.  I hope they still think I’m a sailor too.  I quickly grab ahold of one of the lines near my feet and pretend to pull on it.
“I couldn’t believe this old thing had it in it, but you guys won.”  Steve looks at the catamaran. It’s tied up next to us.  We are at the mouth of the Thames River.  I can see the famous red brick New London Ledge Lighthouse behind us. I wave but, I don’t think anyone is waving back.  Scattered around us on the nearby shore are many little waterfront properties as well as marinas and various beaches.  Above us is the New London Bridge.  It reminds me of the one we passed under when we first came ashore in the Chesapeake only much smaller.  I can vividly remember Marissa taking pictures of the eerily empty spans. “But at least it got us here quicker, best time I think we ever made right Lisa?”  I see Lisa nod.  She’s sitting next to Karen.
“How’d you like that flounder yesterday?”  
I still can’t believe I slept that long.  I think back to the plate I had before I went to sleep.  I feel my mouth start to water again.  I look towards the cabin for Tim.  No sign of him yet.  “That was great.”
“You wait…once we get your little girl back, and Steve here has assured me we will, I will catch you the biggest most delicious swordfish you ever had.  We’ll have a great celebration.”
“Tim…Tim.” I scream causing everyone to immediately stop what they’re doing and look at me.
“What’s wrong Seth?”  Karen jumps up and quickly sits down next to me.
“I’m starving.”  I say quietly.
“My fault, I shouldn’t have mentioned the swordfish.”  Ron says.  Everyone else goes back to what they were doing before.  Ron looks at Steve, “let me tell you this guy,” he points at me, “can eat like no one you ever seen and he’s skinny as hell too.  Don’t know how he does it.  He says he runs, but as far as I can see there’s nowhere to run on this thing.”  He swings his hand in every direction.  I watch as Ron laughs.  A minute later Tim comes out of the cabin and hands me a plate of pancakes again.  I smile.  “See what I mean?”
“Okay…so once you finish I think we should get started since we’re so close now.  I don’t want them to see us.”  I nod at Steve.  I see his tone quickly change and I can picture him in a chief’s uniform directing a meeting of law enforcement personnel.  I feel so much better having him here.  I try and imagine what it will be like seeing Marissa again.  I know I’ll hug her and never let go again especially her belly filled with baby Seth.  I quickly finish my breakfast while Ron goes forward and checks on the sails.  Steve went back to his boat to get some things for our meeting and Karen and Lisa went down below on ours leaving just me alone near the wheel.  I take some time and study the coastline.  I can see many houses staring back at me.  I wonder if one of them contains my daughter and future grandson.  I feel my mind and body come alive like I haven’t felt in some time.  I’m not sure if it’s from the stack of pancakes or the positive hope I am feeling for the first time in quite a while, but I hope it’s a sign of positive things to come.


Chapter 30  

The four of us are seated around the wheel of The Virginia. The catamaran is still beside us.  Steve’s in the middle, Ron and I are on each side and Jason is seated next to me.  We’ve decided to just have the four of us go in after them and everyone else will stay back on The Virginia.  Lawrence tried to suggest he should come along, but I said we may need to move fast and I think he got the idea, though I don’t think Karen is too happy with me.  Tim dropped off a bunch of cookies for us to eat, but I think so far I’m the only one eating them which definitely makes me happy.   Steve’s going over the basic plan he has come up with.  It calls for us to get on his catamaran, take it up the river and anchor and then take his inflatable tender the rest of the way.  The whole thing is based on them not seeing or hearing us so I guess that means I’ll have to open the cookie bags quietly.  Ron said their house is right on the river.  I’m a little nervous, but I feel like we might have a chance, I just hope we’re not too late.  We end up spending another two hours going over what exactly we hope to do. We even talk about the weapons we plan to use.  I suggest we could go fishing for swordfish and use the swords as weapons but no one seemed to like that idea.  Speaking of swordfish, I feel my stomach starting to wake up so I hope Tim is still in the galley.  I decide to end the meeting and go find Tim.  We decide to leave first thing in the morning. I’ll have to check with Karen on whether or not that means I still get breakfast.  I hope Tim gets up early.  I decide to get an early night’s sleep tonight, but I’m so jittery as soon as I lie down I pop back up.  I feel Karen pushing me back down.  I start singing “Weebles wobble but they don’t fall down” but Karen’s not laughing so I immediately think maybe she didn’t have a TV back in the seventies and eighties.  I’ll have to remind her about all the ones we used to have before the virus hit.  I really miss my sixty-inch.  I finally lie back down but I still feel the tension winding through my body.
“You’ll be fine Seth.  I trust Steve.  He knows what he’s doing.”
“I hope so.  I think we’re only going to get one chance and if we screw up we may never see Marissa again.”  I feel her arms tighten around me.
“Don’t say that Seth.  I trust you more than anyone else to get our daughter back.  Look at all you’ve done getting us this far.”  I finally am able take a breath when she lets up a little.  “If you had never found Ron we would have no idea where she is.”
“What if she’s not there?”
“Where else would they go? As Ron said this is their home, they’ve been there forever.”
“I hope so.”  I quickly take another breath as I feel her grip tighten up again on me.  “I miss her so much.”
“I do too, but it feels so good to be so close to her.  I can feel her presence.”
“I think I do too.  I just hope I make it till tomorrow to get her.”  I hear her gasp.
“Why do you say that?”
“Because I can’t breathe?”  She quietly laughs and loosens her hold on me.  I immediately take a deep breath.
“Oh Seth…what would I ever do without you?”
“Don’t answer that.”  She kisses me on the lips.
“You already feel much more relaxed now.”
“It’s amazing what breathing can do for you.”
“You’re funny Seth, but I love you and I’m so proud of you.  I can’t wait till you bring Marissa back here to me.  I’ve been picturing it for days.”
“Have you heard about the swordfish party too?”
“Yes…Seth.  You will get your swordfish.”
“That reminds me…will Tim have food for us tomorrow?”  I start to sit up, but Karen pushes me right back down.  I whistle the Weebles song again.
“Yes, Tim has everything ready for you guys.  Two days’ worth of food and supplies…should be plenty.”  I nod my head.  “Just please promise me you’ll be careful.  You saw how they we’re shooting at us and if what Ron says is true they just threw those people off that one boat.  They sound really bad.  I’m glad Ron’s here.”
“So far everything he said has been true.  I hope it stays true tomorrow.”
“It will…it will.”  I’m not sure how much longer we talk, but the next thing I know Karen is telling me to get up.  I didn’t even have time for my fishing boat dream.  When she woke me up we were just heading out to sea.  I don’t even know if I caught anything.  A few minutes later Karen and I are quietly walking through the dark cabin.  She was right there are four backpacks filled with supplies lying on the table near the ladder.  I grab the one that looks the biggest and Karen helps me carry the others up top.  Steve and Ron are seated by the wheel quietly talking and nod at us as soon as we stick our heads out.  I can see Jason slowly walking back towards us from the bow.  I wonder if I have time to take some food out of his and put it in mine before he gets here.  I look at Karen and she’s shaking her head so I set it down.  I try to feel for cookie bags in mine but it’s too hard to tell.  I hope Tim didn’t let us down.  As soon as I get closer to Steve and Ron I can see at least four or five new guns on the table near the wheel that I hadn’t seen before.
Steve looks at me.  “I was just telling Ron, I think we need to take as much firepower as possible.  I keep these on my boat and with your guns we should have enough for two a piece.”  I wonder if I should tell him how bad I am with guns.  I decide not to say anything and place both guns inside my backpack.  I think I saw some cookie bags but I’m not sure.  I start to check again, but Karen quickly grabs my pack and zips it shut for me.  I notice she doesn’t do that for anyone else.
“So is everyone ready?”  He looks towards the Duel Income it is rafted next to us separated by a long line of soft foamy bumpers to prevent any damage.  “I have the tender all ready.  There’s a small engine that we can use for a while but I think as we get close we should switch to rowing.  I have plenty of oars.  I hope you’re all in good shape.”  Maybe I should let him know about my bowling.  I look at Karen and she has her finger to her lips so I don’t say anything.  “Let’s get started.”  I immediately go and hug Karen.  She gives me an extra-long kiss and halts my breathing again with her hug, but I promise once I can talk again we’ll be back. I can see Steve doing the same with Lisa on the catamaran.  A minute later we say our final good byes and step in the rubber tender.  The mission has begun.


Chapter 31    

So far things are going well, we’ve just left The Virginia and the Duel Income, I’m still waving back at Karen but I think were too far away now that she can’t see us anymore.  The moonlight is reflecting off the smooth river bringing a little light for us to navigate.  Steve is steering from the outboard in the stern and the rest of us are seated on the two benches.  I’m in the front row next to Jason and Ron is behind us.  The only sound that can be heard is the small putter of the fifteen horsepower engine, it is otherwise amazingly quiet.  I can’t make out anything in particular on the shoreline just the shadows of the buildings and houses on each side.  We’re staying directly in the middle of the river to be safe from any gunfire from the shores.  I almost feel like we’re Navy Seals on a top secret mission, but then I look at Jason Mason next to me and quickly come back to reality. Okay I’m probably further from a Seal than he is, but don’t tell him that.  Every few minutes I feel a cold spray of water from the Thames hit me in the face jolting me more upright.  I try and ignore it like a hardened Seal would do. I wish Karen could see me. Maybe I should start waving again.  We’re in a fifteen foot gray rubber-lined boat with a fiberglass hull.  I’m actually quite surprised how fast it moves along with four adults inside as well as four large backpacks, one containing more food than the others I hope.  I still have my gun inside.  Steve said we didn’t need to get them out yet till we turn into a row boat.  There are four long oars lying on each side within the hull.  I’ve been stretching my arms since I got in the boat.  I hope I’m on the right side.  I turn my head forward and see a looming complex group of buildings up ahead of us on the starboard side.  I think it’s the submarine base that Ron described to us last night.  Apparently, it was the Navy’s first base so it has some historical context. I just hope a submarine doesn’t pop out from underneath us.  I wonder if I should stomp my feet on the bottom of the boat to let them know we are here.   A few minutes later we come right alongside the base and it is definitely impressive in size.  I think I even see a few submarine towers, luckily they’re above water.  Ron said right beside it is Electric Boat, a manufacturer of submarines, I guess someone was thinking logically when they picked the location.  I just hope we are as lucky.  He said the Coast Guard Academy is up ahead and when we see that we have to switch to oars because that means were getting close.  Since I’m up front I’m supposed to be on the lookout for a large three-masted tall ship called the USCGC Eagle, Ron said it is docked right in front of the academy.  I wonder if we should trade the Virginia in for the Coast Guard one.  Ron said it is much larger and that is what being a boater is all about, trading up to a bigger and better boat.  I’ll have to ask everyone when we get back to The Virginia. I’m definitely feeling a little nervous about this but so far everything seems to be going according to plan.  We haven’t seen anyone so far and we are still under cover of the early morning darkness.  Steve and Ron said we should be able to make it to the academy while it is still dark and then we can start rowing as the sun rises.  I move my backpack in front of me and open the zipper.  I reach in and pull out a bag of cookies.  I know there’s no way I can row on an empty stomach, maybe next time I’ll reach into Jason’s since he doesn’t seem to be paying attention.  I think he’s looking at the submarine base.  I wonder if he’s worried about one coming up underneath us too.  Maybe I should try and scare him.  I look back at Steve and he nods at me.  He’s sitting on a large gas can.  It looks like he has three large cans back there.  I didn’t ask him where he got all the gas, maybe he knows something we don’t.  I nod back and continue looking ahead for the tall ship and eat my breakfast of champions.  I even try and chew lightly to not make too much noise.  I wonder if anyone is impressed.  I don’t see Jason looking my way so it must be working.  I finally finish my bag.  I even crinkle the wrapper quietly. Maybe I should have considered a career as a Seal.  I’ll have to see what Steve thinks after we finish our mission.
“How’s everyone doing?”  I look back at Steve and give him the thumbs up.  Jason and Ron answer they are okay.  “I think we’re about an hour away till we go stealth.”  I nod.  I hope he’s impressed I know what that means.  I even look at the oars so he knows. “Seth, keep an eye out for that Coast Guard ship.”
“Aye…aye Sir.”  Steve gives me a salute and a smile.  I salute back.  I think I’m getting the hang of this Seal thing.
“The lights going to be coming up shortly so we really need to keep our eyes open.  I think we should get our weapons ready.”  I feel like he’s addressing us like he does to his officers.  I reach over and unzip the backpack and pull out my firearm.  It’s a nine millimeter Glock, at least that’s what Steve told me.  I can’t see any name on the side.  I hope I can find the safety on this one.  I try and look but it’s too dark.  I watch Jason place his on top of his backpack so I do the same.  I feel my nerves begin to tense up.  We are getting close, an hour from now we’ll be close enough to Marissa that we will be in stealth mode.  We coast along for the next hour or so.  I watch as the shore comes in focus as the sun starts to creep up.  Behind us I can still see the looming buildings of the sub base.  It is impressive.  Maybe now they’ll see us if one of them is underwater.  I quickly turn my head when I hear Ron call out that he sees the academy.  I immediately see the giant masts of the Eagle.  They are much higher than The Virginia’s.  I think we will definitely have to look at upgrading.  I can see the gleaming white hull with the ubiquitous red Coast Guard flash across the bow.  We are here.  Everything suddenly feels different.  Steve cuts the engine and we are sitting in complete silence.  This is stealth mode.  I reach over and grab an oar.  Steve quickly jumps to my side in the rear seat, so he and I are on the same side, while Jason and Ron on the other.  I wonder if I should point out that the port side has us by at least twenty years.  I think Steve and I are close in age.  I start paddling as quickly as possible till Steve tells me to slow down.
“We need to go in synch guys.  We’ll go first then you guys.”  He looks over at Steve and Ron.  They are both holding their oars up in the air.  “Okay…let’s go Seth.”  Steve and I stick our oars in the water and pull back.  I feel the muscles in my bowling arm tensing up.  I hope I don’t do any damage.  I wonder if I should let him know about my game now.  After a few struggling moments we all somehow get it together and we start moving again almost as fast as we were before in almost complete silence.  I bet even the Seals would be impressed with us.  I wonder I should have worn camo on my face.   Ron says we need to go a little ways before they can see us and he said they tend to sleep late when they’re not out on the boats.  I wonder if he’s suggesting I might be able to fit in on a fishing crew after all.  I try and look forward to see if I see any fishing boats.  He said we should see two large commercial fishing boats as well as a few others at a large pier that belonged to his father.    I’m continuing to row with all my strength and I think I’m able to keep up with Steve because we seem to be still going in a straight line.  I can’t wait to tell Karen about how great I am doing.  I keep pushing and pulling as hard as I can even though my arms are beginning to ache.  I feel like yelling out “no pain…no gain”, but I hear Ron whisper to us to stop rowing, so I quickly lift my oar out of the water.  I think my arms are throbbing but I try and ignore it because Ron is pointing at a large group of trees sticking out and blocking the entrance to an inlet that he says is where the house is.  I can’t see anything beyond the trees and he is suggesting for us to dock here and then walk the rest of the way.  I quickly nod thinking of my bowling arm.  A few minutes later we are pulling the boat up on the shore.  It is full of sharp rocks and sand but we are able to get the boat all the way up on the land.  I’m even able to quietly grab another bag of cookies without anyone even knowing and since we’re still in stealth mode I keep up my quiet chewing.  I wonder if all this is in the Seal manual.  We slowly tiptoe through the tall grass and climb up a small hill behind the group of trees. We all have our weapons out in front of us.  Steve is in the front. I noticed he was checking guns earlier so I hope mine is okay.  I wonder if it’s loaded. Ron is pointing at a large house full of large floor to ceiling windows and a deck running the length of the house.  I can see the two fishing boats, one of them is bright red and the other is a dark green.  I try and imagine myself going out on one first thing in the morning for a full day of fishing.  There are two other boats docked nearby.  One of them is at least fifty feet long.  Ron whispers that that was probably the one they used to get here because it wasn’t here before.  I stare into the large windows wondering if Marissa is really inside.  I can’t see anything or anybody.  There are two floors.  The windows above the first floor look tiny in comparison to the large ones below.  I try and wonder which one Marissa is behind.  I imagine her sound asleep under soft covers, till I’m immediately distracted by some movement on the far side of the house.  I point at it to everyone else.  Steve pulls out a pair of binoculars and looks at the movement.  He quickly hands them to Ron who holds them up to his eyes.
“That’s Cranky.”  He whispers. I can see him following the man with the binoculars.  “I can’t understand why he is up.  We call him cranky because he is not a morning guy.  I hope they’re not going somewhere.”  We watch as a man wearing what looks like an old pair of faded jeans and a white hooded sweatshirt walks toward the dock and stops in front of the bright red fishing boat.  “That’s my dad’s old boat.  The green one is mine.”  I turn towards the green one and try and imagine being on board and casting nets.  I see myself standing behind the small pilothouse under the tower pole listening to Ron’s commands.  “There’s Johnny.”  I look back at the house and the man whom I confronted on The Virginia is standing in front of the house on the overgrown grass.  He’s wearing a dark blue hat pulled tight over his face and a light blue pair of faded overalls.  I want to run out and tackle him right away.  I feel my pulse quicken and a minute later I feel Ron and Steve’s hands on my shoulders.
“Not yet Seth, we don’t want to let them know we’re here.”  I sit back down and nod.
“If they take that boat out they’ll see ours anchored out there.”  I look back towards the river.
“We’re going to make sure they don’t go out right Ron.”  Ron nods.   “Ron’s going to head over there in a few minutes and find out what’s going on.”  Steve frowns.  “This changes a few things but I think we’ll be okay.  We don’t want them heading out right now on that red boat.”
“That’s The Cherry. “
“What about yours?”
He looks at me and whispers. “The Pelican.”
“Can they see us over here?”  Jason asks.
“They have no idea we’re here.  They would never think we would show up like this.  They might expect me but not you guys.”  Ron holds up the binoculars again and looks at the boats.  “The boats don’t look loaded or ready to go, but they may be running out of food with the extra mouths to feed.”  He looks at me.  “Sorry…I didn’t mean anything.”
“I understand.”
“So how do you want me to play this?”
“I think we should go according to plan.  You go down there and say you made your way back.”  Steve looks behind him.
“What if they ask where the boat is?”
“Say it’s out there.”  Steve points with his gun up the river where our boats are.  “And you used this to get in.”
“But they know there was no tender with the Sea Breeze.”
“Maybe you can approach from the road…say you were having trouble with the wind or something.”
Steve looks at me.  “Good thinking Seth.  Go with that.”  I watch as Ron takes another look with the binoculars and then hands them to Steve.
“Should I bring this?”  He holds his gun in front of Steve.
“What will they think if they see you with it?”
“They may suspect something.”
“Okay, leave it here.”  Steve grabs hold of it. “We got your back if anything goes wrong right guys?”  Jason and I nod.  
“Okay…here it goes.  I’m going to head down that way a little bit.”  He points back towards where we came from.  “Keep an eye on me if you can.”
“We got you.”
Ron slowly gets up and starts crawling back away from us.  I whisper, “Thanks Ron for doing this.”  He gives me a thumbs-up, so I give him one back.  I wonder if he thinks I’m one of the guys now.  Maybe that’s what they do on The Pelican when they’re out there fishing in all that loud noise.  I sit back down and lean against a small tree trunk.  I watch as Ron slowly disappears behind us and I turn my head back towards the house to wait and see him re-appear.  Steve is still studying everything through the binoculars.  As far as I can see nothing has changed.  The one Ron called Cranky is on the red fishing boat.  I think he went inside the cabin because I can’t see him anymore and Johnny is still walking around the house.  I’m not sure what he’s doing, but Steve doesn’t seem too concerned so I don’t worry too much about him.  I start to daydream about what it would be like out on The Pelican. It must be so busy and exciting, probably more exciting than the New York Stock Exchange.  I pretend to start reeling in a line. I think I got a big one this time.  It feels like a sword.  I wonder if they’ll take my picture next to it if it’s big enough…
“Seth…Seth.”  I’m quickly startled back to reality by Steve’s voice.  “He’s there.”


Chapter 32 

I immediately feel the tension flow through my body. I lean forward and focus on the house.  I don’t see Ron yet.  Johnny is still standing near the far side of the house.  I look at Steve and he’s got the binoculars focused on the road leading to the house.  I turn my head in that direction and see Ron slowly walking down the road.  He’s looking straight ahead and has that same smile on his face like the first time I saw him on the Sea Breeze.  A minute later I see him step onto the grass.  Johnny immediately turns around.  I can see the surprise in both of their faces as they recognize each other.  Ron stops about ten feet in front of him.  They both appear to be staring at each other. I’m not sure what’s going to happen.  It seems to last for hours until Johnny finally steps forward and embraces him like a father and son. I can see them talking. Ron’s probably explaining how he made his way back.  Johnny doesn’t look upset.  I think that’s a good sign.  I look over at Steve.  He is closely watching the scene through the binoculars.  Jason and I are looking with our naked eyes trying to gather as much information as we can.  A minute later we all tense up.  It appears as though Ron is pointing directly at us.  They are both facing us and Ron is motioning right where we are.  I quickly duck down and look at Steve.  He has a scowl on his face.  He ducks down next to me.  We both wave for Jason to get down.  Steve looks behind us at the rubber tender.  I wonder if he’s thinking we should make an escape.
“He sold us out.”  I whisper.
“There was always a chance of that happening.”  Steve whispers back.  I lift my body back up and both Cranky and Johnny are now standing next to Ron looking in our direction.  I feel like throwing up, now I know why Connick and Maura wanted to get off the boat so quickly. “There’s no way we can outrun their boats.  I think we need to prepare for them to attack us.”  I watch as he places the binoculars to his eyes and looks through the trees again.  He quickly sits back down and shakes his head. “There are more of them now and they’re still looking in our direction.  I can’t believe he let us down.”
I carefully sit up and see two more guys next to Ron.  I don’t recognize any of them.  No one is wearing any of those colorful Benetton shirts.  “I trusted him.”  I whisper.  I shake my head. I can’t believe this.  How could he do this?  I think back to the day I saved his life.  I replay the scenarios of letting him go instead of pulling him back in.  I hope Karen will still think of me as a hero.  I guess this means no swordfish.
“We need to form a perimeter.  I’ll stay here you guys each take a side and keep your weapons pointed out.  You see anything moving shoot.”  I gasp.  I use my thumb and move the safety button.  I hope I’m not turning it on instead of off.  I don’t know how Ron could do this to us after all we’ve been through.  I wonder if the whole thing was a setup from the beginning.  I look behind me and Steve is lying on his stomach with his gun in front of him.  Jason is doing the same.  I position my arms below me and point my gun outward.  I hope they don’t come my way.  I wonder who will come first.  Ron knows we have guns and exactly how many.  We have to stop them, we can’t let them get past us and get to our boats.  I think of Karen sitting out there waiting for me to return with Marissa.  I wonder if Steve is regretting helping us now.  I don’t look back at him anymore.  I can see my backpack next to me, I wonder if I can get a bag of cookies out without Steve hearing anything.  I try and reach over and work the zipper but it makes a lot of noise.  I turn my head around and see both Steve and Jason looking at me so I stop, now I’m miserable and hungry and no chance of getting swordfish.  I can see the river in my direction.  Steve said to keep a lookout for any small boats creeping along.  I wonder if I’m supposed to shoot the boat too.  I hope not.  We remain like this for hours.  I hope they come soon so I can get something to eat.  My stomach is starting to growl and if we wait to much longer the growling will give our position away.  Steve has looked at the house several times with the binoculars and said there is no one outside, but he said he couldn’t be sure if they had gone out the front door and are sneaking around.  It looks like the sun is starting to go down.  I hope they don’t try a night attack.  I wonder if I should let Steve know my night vision isn’t as good as it is during the day.  Maybe I should let him know that Karen doesn’t allow me to drive after dark.  We continue lying out here for the rest of the night, no one attacks.  Steve says most attacks occur in the middle of the night when the enemy thinks you are sleeping so he tells us to stay alert.  He did allow us to eat something a few hours ago.  I had a few bags of cookies and one of the sandwiches to hold me over.  I’m having trouble keeping my eyes open, something about feeling sleepy after a big meal.  I wonder if I could take a little nap and everything will be okay.  I look out towards the dark river.  The moon is reflecting off the water causing tiny ripples caressing each other.  I enjoy the soothing rhythms till I feel my body jump.  There’s a noise coming from Jason’s direction.  It sounds like a tree branch has broken under a foot.  My first thought is I’m glad it’s not coming from my direction.  I hope Jason is awake.  I can see his silhouette lying very still.  I wave at him with my hands and there’s still no reaction.  I even try and stick my tongue out at him, but he probably can’t see my face in the dark.  A few seconds later, Steve crawls over next to him.  I think he’s whispering something in his ear.  I hope it’s not sweet nothings at a time like this.  They both sit up a little.  I jump when I hear another crunching sound in front of Jason.  It is definitely getting closer.  I squeeze my gun tighter and turn my body in that direction.  I see Steve waving for me to come to them.  I start to stand up and walk over but he quickly points at the ground, so I start crawling towards them.  
“There’s definitely someone out there.”  He whispers in my ear and points out in front of us where there is nothing but woods.  “I think they’re trying to sneak up on us.  Stay here with us but keep looking behind you just in case.”  I nod and begin looking all around.  “You know your safety is on right?”  I nod again and as soon as he looks away I switch it to the other position. I hope I don’t pull the trigger by accident.  I turn my head back around hearing the sounds getting louder.  They are coming closer.  Steve is waving me to aim towards the woods.  I wonder if that’s how he communicates with his officers when they’re on a mission too.  I place my finger on the trigger and look into the woods.  I jump again when I see shadows moving towards us.  Steve said don’t fire till he does, so I hold off and just wait.  This is it.  We have to hold them or we won’t get Marissa back.
“Hold your fire…hold your fire.”  It’s Ron’s voice whispering through the woods.  I immediately think it’s a trick so I keep my finger ready.  I’m guessing Johnny and the rest of them are right behind him.  Slowly he comes into focus.  I can see his hands high above his head waving at us.  I don’t see anyone behind him but Steve still has his gun pointed directly at him.  I watch as Ron slowly makes his way in front of us.  He doesn’t seem nervous at all with three guns pointed at him. He must be thinking my safety is on.  “It’s just me guys…it’s just me…don’t shoot.”  Jason and I keep our guns aimed at him while he sits down beside us. Steve is still aiming in the woods.
“Where are the rest of them?”
“They’re sleeping.”
“I don’t believe you.”  Steve doesn’t remove his eyes from the woods.
“They really are.  I’m here by myself.”
“Why did you give us up?”
“I didn’t give you up.”  He looks at Jason and me.
“Ron…we saw you pointing at us and showing the other guys.”  I keep my gun pointed at his chest.  Steve said to aim for center mass.
“I was showing them where the Sea Breeze was at.”  I slowly lower my gun.
“Keep your weapons on him guys.”  Steve yells in a loud whisper.
“I swear to you.  They have no idea you’re here.  I snuck out to tell you what’s going on.  I wasn’t pointing at you.”
I look over at Steve and then back at Ron.  He’s not smiling.  “It sure looked like you were pointing right at us.  We’ve been out here all night waiting for you guys to attack.  We almost shot you.”
Ron looks down.  “I promised you I would help you.  You saved my life.  None of those idiots would have done that.”  He looks back towards the house.  I place my gun on the ground.  I motion for Jason to do the same.
“You sure about this Seth?”  I nod and look back at Ron.
“I think so.”
“Okay…just be ready in case it’s a trick.”  Steve continues to scan the woods.
“It’s not a trick.  I promise.”  He looks at me.  “Look…man you got to do something quick. Your girl isn’t doing that well.”  I feel my stomach start to lurch forward.  I take a deep breath.  “She’s upstairs with Lenny and that smart guy of yours.  I think it’s something to do with her being pregnant.  She don’t look good.”
“What do you mean?”
“I’m not sure.  She was lying in a bed all covered up and your guy kept saying he needs to get her to the White House so he can treat her or she’s going to lose the baby.”
“Baby Seth…Baby Seth,” I start yelling.
“Seth…shhhh.”  Steve says.  “If what he’s saying is true you’ll wake them up.”  I nod.  “How do we know what you’re saying is true?”
“It is.  I wouldn’t lie about his daughter or her baby.”
“Who’s Lenny?”  I ask.
“He’s one of the crew guys.  He’s guarding them to make sure they don’t leave.  I think they have tried to escape already, especially the other guy.”
“Did you see Thomas?”  Jason asks.
“Yeah…he’s in the room next door.  They have the door tied up on the outside so he can’t get out.”  I feel tears welling up in my eyes.
“We’ve got to go get them.”
Ron looks at his watch.  I notice he has a light on his. I wonder if I can get one of those. “We’ve still got a few hours left before the sun comes up.”
“Let’s go.”  I quickly stand up.
“Slow down…Seth we need to make sure we’re not walking into something.”
“You’re not lying to us right?”  
“I told you man…I’m not.”  We all look towards Steve.  He has his head down.  At first I think his neck might be tired but then I realize he’s thinking.
“Okay…Seth, if you trust him I’m in.”  I smile and we all stand up.
“So what’s the plan?”  Ron looks at me first then Steve.
“Are they all sleeping?” Steve asks.
“Everyone but Lenny, he stays awake at night to make sure no one tries anything.”
“Where is he usually located?”  
Ron looks back at the house through the trees. There’s nothing but a dark outline.  “When I left he was sitting on the back deck.”
“He didn’t see you leave?” I ask.
“No…my room is on the first floor so I just went out my window.  I’ve been doing it since I was old enough to walk.  I used to come down to the dock and pretend to skipper on of the boats.”  I see a little smile creeping onto his lips.  “My dad used to find me asleep on the captain’s chair in the morning I was told.”  I try an imagine myself sitting in that captain’s chair.  It must be such a powerful feeling.
“Okay…let’s come up with some kind of plan.”  We gather around Steve and listen as he outlines what he thinks we should do.  Ten minutes later under the cover of darkness we are on our way.



Chapter 33

We’re following Ron in a single file line.  Steve is in front of me and Jason behind.  We all have our guns out in front of us in case anything happens.  I even convinced Steve to let Ron have his gun back.  He was a little apprehensive at first but he finally gave in.  I wonder if I could be a fishing boat captain with my persuasiveness.  I’ll have to check with Ron after. Maybe he’ll even let me sit in the captain’s chair.  We’re slowly making our way through the thick woods trying carefully not to step on any twigs to make too much noise.  I whispered to everyone we were in stealth mode.  I think they were impressed.  I can see the house up ahead as we are slowly closing in.  I think about Marissa lying there desperate for help.  I just hope we can make it on time.  I look up towards the second floor windows and try and imagine which room she is in.  A second later Ron holds up his hand for us to stop.  I look in front of him and we are at the edge of the woods right before the front yard.  Our plan is to go one at a time and run as quickly as we can to a small row of bushes running alongside the garage on the right hand side.  I wonder if I should point out, I used to ride a bike, so I am in good shape.  Jason goes first.  We watch him run the hundred yards across and make it to the bushes.  He immediately crouches down.  Next is me.  I leap up and sprint across the tall grass and land right next to Jason.  I let him know that I made it across quicker than he did.  He just looks at me.  We aim our guns up ahead as Ron then Steve cross the lawn and kneel beside us.  “So far so good,” I whisper.  I start to say I was the quickest, but Ron is already directing us towards the side of the house.  He says the deck is directly in the back.  There are many trees and small shrubs making up the side of the yard so I keep my eyes pointed down low so I don’t trip.  We get to the back corner of the house and I can see the deck. It’s a level plank with a graded railing all the way around it. Ron is right, there is a tall and very slim man seated in a lawn chair facing away from us.  He’s holding a small light and reading something.  It looks like he is smoking a cigar, but I can’t smell anything from here.   I think he has the same long hair that Ron has.  I feel the back of my neck and smile noticing my hair is getting longer.  I wonder if anyone notices I’m starting to look more and more like a fisherman.  Steve whispers something in Ron’s ear and then he quickly gets up and starts walking towards the deck.  I watch as the man on the deck turns his head towards Ron.
“What are you doing out here?  You know Johnny don’t like anyone out here at night.”
Ron walks to the back of the deck and slowly climbs up the three steps and stops.  “I couldn’t sleep.  You know how it is.”
I see the end of his cigar light up.  The orange glow reflects on Ron’s face.  “You better get back in there before Johnny finds out.  You know we didn’t think we would ever see you again.”
Ron nods his head up and down. “Yeah…I figured that out pretty quickly.  That wasn’t cool leaving me out there like that.  One big storm and I wouldn’t be standing here.”
“I think that was kind of the idea.”
“What did I ever do?”
‘You’re Ronnie’s little boy…you know how Johnny feels about your old man.  Hated him with everything he had.”
“I know.  That’s why I’m going to take my own boat out now.”
“I doubt that.  Johnny won’t let you.”
I watch Ron lean in towards the man and talk in almost a whisper.  “Wait till you see what I did to his boat.”
“What?  You better not have done anything.  I’m supposed to make sure nothing happens.”
“Take a look.” 
 The man quickly stands up and grabs Ron’s shirt.  “Look you little punk…you did anything to that boat I’ll kill you right now like you should be anyway.
“You can see it from right here.”  Ron steps back down towards the steps and the man reluctantly follows.  The cigar is dangling in his mouth.  Steve waves to us to back up.  Jason and I slowly back step along the wall.  Steve crouches down and pushes his body close to the wall.  I watch as Ron walks around the corner followed by the frowning man.  Ron passes directly by Steve.  A second later Steve leaps out and grabs the man throwing him on the ground.  The man lets out a loud yelp, almost like a dog.  I hope it doesn’t wake anyone up. Ron quickly turns around to assist him.  They both wrestle the man down.  I watch as the cigar goes flying out of his mouth starting a small fire in the grass.  I run over and step on the end of it quickly extinguishing the tiny flames.  I look back at the man and he looks unconscious. 
“Let’s tie him up.”  I watch as Steve and Ron bound his dangling hands and legs.
“Is he alive?”  I kneel down next to him.
“Do we care?”  Steve looks at me.  I shake my head.  I can’t believe how easily he just killed someone.  Maybe I won’t make a good Seal.  “Let’s go inside and get the others.”  We follow Ron to the back of the deck and up the steps and past the chair the man was sitting in.  I see the Hot Rod magazine he was reading lying on the floor.  I step over it.  A minute later we’re inside the dark house.  We’re in a very large and empty room.  There doesn’t seem to be much furniture.  I think I see a chair or two against the far wall, but other than that there’s not much else.  We follow Ron across the floor and into a kitchen.  I can smell the remnants of fish being cleaned and cooked throughout the room.  I wonder if it’s swordfish.  I look at Ron to ask him, but he doesn’t look back.  He keeps moving.  I try and look in the large stainless steel sink as I pass it, I don’t see any swords. I still have my gun out on front of me, but I wonder if a sword from a swordfish would be a batter weapon.  I should ask Ron if they have any extras.  We make our way down a narrow dark hallway.  I can’t see much of anything besides Steve’s back in front of me.  Karen would be so proud of me for not saying anything about being scared of the dark.  I really wish we had brought flashlights though.  I feel my foot run into the back of Steve’s as we stop. Ron is up ahead pointing upwards.  We are at the bottom of a large staircase.  I feel my body begin to tingle.  Marissa is right up there somewhere.  I’m only a few steps away from her now.  I think Karen is right I can almost feel her presence.  I wonder if she can feel mine.  I almost feel like yelling out Baby Seth, but I don’t say anything, I just try and listen to what Ron is whispering but I can’t hear.  I wonder if I need to get my ears cleaned out again.  I’ll have to check with Karen.  We start moving again.  Ron stops on the bottom step.  I look all the way up and see nothing but darkness.  The butterflies are really flying around inside me.  I wish I had brought a net to get rid of a few of them.  We start going up the stairs, luckily they don’t creek too much.  I remember at our house, the one before the White House, I would try and sneak down in the middle of the night to get a snack and the third and eighth step would always creek so loudly I would hear Karen yell for me to come back to bed.  I cringe a little bit as I step onto the third step, I don’t hear any creek.  I wonder if I could try and sneak down later to get some swordfish.  I look behind me and Jason is following closely.  I can see the tension on his face.  I’m glad I’m faster than he is so when we get to Marissa I can hug her first.  We keep going up one step at a time.  I feel my nerves keeping me going.  We’ve come so far and we’re so close, but it feels like we still have so far to go.  I look up and Ron is almost to the top.  He said Johnny’s room is at the very end of the hall so hopefully if we’re quiet enough we won’t even have to deal with him.  We can just untie the doors and get them out of here.  I make it to the top.  All four of us are standing next to each other.  Ron points at the two doors.  There’s just enough light from the moon that I can see the ropes tied around both doors.  Ron is pointing at the first door and looking at Jason and me.  That must be Marissa’s.  We immediately run over to it.  I get there first.  Ron and Steve go to the second one. I’m assuming that must be Thomas’s.  I can see a bunch of other doors down the hallway.  I wonder which one is Johnny’s.  I hope he’s not a light sleeper.  Jason and I start trying to figure out the rope on the door.  Steve gave us a large knife before we came inside.  I’m trying to cut the rope, but I think it’s some kind of special fishing rope because it’s not cutting like it should.  I think I hear somebody moving around inside but I’m not sure and I don’t say anything because I don’t want to wake up Johnny.  Jason starts pulling as I’m still cutting.  I think we’re making some progress.  I sure wish I could tie knots like this, must be a fishing thing.  I feel my mind start drifting to the fishing boat again and I’m tying large quick knots as the rest of the crew is pulling in fish.  We’re like a well-oiled machine.
“I think I got it.”  I hear Jason whisper.  A minute later the knot starts unraveling.  We’re almost in.  I try and move in front of Jason just in case.  I look back at Steve and Ron and they look like they are cutting through.  I wonder who’s going to get in first.  I take another large cut and feel Jason pull.  I hope he’s not getting any ideas of calling me Dad since we’re working so well together.  We’re almost there.  I feel the rope coming apart in my hands.  Five more seconds and I think we got it.  I cut one more time and feel him pull the rope free.  We’re in.  My head feels like it is going to explode I’m so excited.  I start to turn the knob pushing Jason’s hand away.  I’m glad Karen’s not here.
“Don’t move or you’ll be dead.”  I snap my head back around.  Johnny and another long-haired man are standing behind us aiming two long rifles at us.  I remove my hand from the knob and go for my gun.  Jason and I both have them stuffed in the front of our pants. “Don’t do it.”  Johnny yells looking directly at me.  “I remember you…you’re the guy from the schooner.  You’re her dad aren’t you?”  I don’t react.  I’m frozen.  I slowly place my hand back on the door knob just in case.  The other guy has his rifle aimed at Ron and Steve.  Steve is still holding his gun, but it’s on his side.  Ron has both hands up in the air facing Johnny.  I turn my head hearing something coming from within our room.  “I should have known you were up to something Ronny.  I knew something was up when you just showed up yesterday.”  He looks behind us for a moment.  “Where’s Lenny?”  No one answers.  “I said, where’s Lenny?  You better hope nothing happened to him.”  I look at Ron.  He is still holding his hands up in the air.  Steve is still holding the gun.  Johnny looks at me. “You’re too late.  You’re girl and baby are going to die.”  I tighten my grip on the door knob.  I wish I was holding my gun.  I would even take the safety off.   “Who wants to die first?”  He points the gun first at me then Jason.  I want to say Jason but I pretend Karen is standing next to me so I don’t say anything.  I’ll have to let her know that works.  I think I hear Marissa talking, but I’m not sure if it’s my head playing tricks on me.  I try and look through the wooden door with my mind.  I wonder if Jim’s in there too.
“C’mon Johnny, let them go.”  Ron lowers his arms.  “They didn’t do anything.  The guy just wants his daughter back.”
“She belongs to me now.”  He takes aim at my head.  “You’re not leaving here with her so don’t get any ideas.”  I look over at Steve.  His usually intense look has grown to an even more intense one.  He winks at me.  I hope he doesn’t like me.  I don’t see a mirror anywhere so I can’t tell how I look.  I’m sure Karen will be happy I didn’t wink back.  I look at Jason he’s still staring at Johnny and his rifle.  Ron looks like he’s trying to think of something else to say.  I look back at Steve and see him wink again.  I guess I have no choice now I’ll have to let Karen know she has some competition.  I see him now nodding his head forward at me.  I wonder what that means.  I’ll have to check with Karen.   He’s sure picking an odd time to let me know.  I feel Jason tap my arm.  I look at him and he’s nudging his head too.  I guess I’m more handsome than I thought I was. I’ll have to let Karen know how lucky she is.  
“Can’t we just talk?”  
“Nope, who wants to go first?”  He points the barrel at Ron.  “How about you?”  I see Jason still nudging his head as well as Steve.  I wonder if should turn my head so they can see my best side.  Karen always said my left side was more handsome than my right. I feel Jason’s hand pulling on mine and he’s still nudging his head.  I think I finally understand, so much for me being handsome.  I quickly turn the door knob and fall into the room.  At the same time I feel a hand push me forward and a loud deafening boom that feels like it shakes the walls.  I don’t look back as I fall forward.  I land in the middle of the floor on my side.  I think Jason lands on top of me.  A second later two more crushing gunshots echo behind me.  I feel the floor violently vibrating underneath me.  I try and lift my head but the sound pushes me back down.  I don’t feel any pain, so I don’t think I have been shot.  I try and push Jason off me, but he’s not moving so I roll over.  I see Jim standing over me.  He still looks the same except for the colorful Benetton shirt he’s wearing.  Behind him, I see a large bed.  I lift my head up and see Marissa lying peacefully on it.  Her eyes are slightly open.
“Dad…Dad?”  I hear her voice softly call out.  I feel like telling Jason she said my name first. 
“I’m right here.  We’re going to get you out of here.”  Another loud gunshot drowns out my voice behind me.  I see the wall in front of me splinter. I quickly duck my head back down.  A second later a bunch more shots ring out.  It sounds like they’re coming from all different directions.  I don’t even know where my gun is.  I don’t feel it in my pants anymore.
“Dad…where’s Jason?”
I place my hands above me and try and push him off me.  “He’s right here.”  I feel something warm and wet in my hands.  I immediately recognize it as blood.  He’s covered in blood.  I don’t think he’s alive.  I don’t know what to say.  I see Jim lean down and roll him off me.
“Don’t worry…I don’t think he’s alive anymore.”  I look at Jim.  I can see Marissa sitting up now and looking down at me. There are tears in her eyes.
“I’m sorry Honey.  I’m so sorry about Jason.”  I try and reach out for her, but I can’t move because his lifeless body is still covering my legs.
“That’s not Jason Dad.”  I roll over and look at the body on top of me.  I see the mallet of long hair and realize it’s the other guy that was near Jason holding the rifle.  I immediately wonder how he got here.  
“What happened to Jason?” I call out.  Jim takes my hand and pulls me to my feet.
“I’m right here.”  I look back and he walks in going right to Marissa’s bed.  I can’t believe I let him beat me over there.



Chapter 34

“How did you get over there?”  I see him hugging and kissing Marissa.
“Didn’t you see me winking at you Seth?”  I see Steve and Ron walk past me.  Thomas is right behind them. “Yeah…but I thought…”
‘You thought about your daughter right?”  I nod.  I’m very confused.  I step out into the hallway and see Johnny lying in a heap at the other end of the hallway.  There is a large pool of blood near his feet.
“How did you do that?”  I walk back in and look at Marissa, Jim and Thomas.  I can’t believe I’m seeing them all alive.  No one looks hurt at all.
Steve places his hand on my shoulder.  “When Jason shoved you in there I shot the guy that was on top of you and pushed him in behind you, then Ron took out Johnny while he was distracted.  Jason saved your life by pushing you down when he did or that shot would have taken your head off.”
I look at Jason and then Steve. “That’s what you were winking about?”
He smiles.  “You got it.”  He taps me on the back.  “Go see your daughter.”  I run over to the bed.  Jason steps away.  I want to thank him, but instead I reach down and hug Marissa as tightly as I can. It feels so good, like I’m holding a magical princess.  I can’t believe it we made it.  I lightly touch her swollen belly and kiss her on the forehead. She feels so warm.
“I knew you guys would save us.”  She looks all around the room.  “Thanks you so much all of you.  You guys are so brave.”  She gives me another hug.  I can’t believe how thin her face looks.
“I hate to break up this party but we’ve got to get her treatment real soon.”  I look back at Jim.  He’s standing right behind me his eyes focused on Marissa.  “There is one more out there.  I think he usually stays outside.”
“He’s taken care of.”  Steve quickly answers back.  I nod my head and grab hold of Marissa’s hand.  She doesn’t squeeze it back too tightly.
 Jim leans over and whispers in my ear, “look she has an infection in her womb if we don’t get her some treatment soon the baby won’t make it and Marissa might be in danger too.”  I nod and look back at Marissa.
“Let’s go.”  Everyone looks at me.  “Can you walk honey?”
“She hasn’t been able to move in days.  We’ll have to carry her.”  I nod my head and stand on her side.  Jason, Jim and Steve each place their arms under her and we left her up.  Ron leads the way and we trek back down the stairs careful not to step on either body.  The sun is starting to come up so we have a little light creeping through the windows lighting our way.  We go back through the kitchen and the big dark room and step outside onto the deck and pass the guy with the long hair.  I still don’t know whether he’s alive or not.  I decide not to check.
“We’ll go ahead and push the tender in the water and have it ready.”  Steve says pulling Ron ahead with him.
“A tender?”  I look back at Jim.  He and Thomas are holding Marissa’s feet.  She’s wrapped in a light off-white blanket.  I can see Steve and Ron pushing the tender into the water.  “She’s not going to make it in that.  She’s in a lot of pain.”  I look down at Marissa’s eyes.  They are full of tears.  
I look back at Jim.  “Our boat is at the other end of the river.”
“We don’t have much time here, maybe twenty four hours at most to save the baby.”  I feel my insides start to push up from my stomach.  I take a large swallow and gasp of air.  I look at Marissa’s stomach and feel a tear rolling down my cheek.
“Let’s take The Pelican.”  I feel an immediate ping of excitement.  We quickly change course and follow Ron towards the dock down below.  We’re walking so quickly we’re almost jogging now.  I hear Steve say he is going to stay with the tender and he’ll meet us out there.  I think someone answers him back but I’m not sure because I’m too concerned about Marissa and Baby Seth.  I feel my feet pounding on the wooden dock.  We stop at the stern of The Pelican.  It looks even more impressive up close.  The dark green stern area is filled with nets and poles. I almost let go of Marissa and grab hold of one of those sword fishing poles but I hang on and follow Ron over the side and onto The Pelican.  I instantly feel the easy swaying and sturdiness of the hull below me.  I can feel the sense of power.  Ron runs forward and opens the large cabin door.  I see it swing open and we quickly run Marissa inside.  We follow him down a small set of steps to the crew sleeping area.  It’s not as nice as our cabin on The Virginia, but it’s a bed and we gently place Marissa down on it.  I cover her up with the blanket.  I hear Ron yelling out behind me for someone to help him with the fuel.  I watch Thomas disappear back up the stairs.  Marissa’s eyes are closed.
“You guys go help.  I’ll stay with her.”  Jim says.  Neither of us moves till I push Jason towards the steps.  We both look back at Marissa one more time.  “The quicker we get there the better chance she’ll have, so get us going.”  We both quickly sprint up the steps and out of the cabin.  I see Ron at the other end of the dock wheeling a large gas can towards us.
“Give me a hand guys.  It’s an extra tank.  We have plenty of gas, but I just want to make sure.”  Jason and I help him get it onto the boat. “You guys got the lines.  I’m going to start her up.”  I watch him climb the ladder to the pilothouse above the cabin.  A minute later I hear the loud engine’s turbines begin to spin. I feel so excited.  I head to the bow and release the two lines.  I can see Jason behind a cloud of gray smoke doing the same on the stern.  A second later we’re free from the dock and heading up the river.  I stay on the bow and look up at Ron at the wheel.  He waves at me.  I wave back.  He looks so at ease up there.  The large tower above him is easing back and forth as we get under way.  I run back towards the cabin and meet Jason in the middle.  Off the port side we can see Steve in the tender.  We quickly pass him.  I give him a wave.  I wonder if he thinks I look like a fisherman now.  I check my hair again and see if it has grown at all.  We both enter back into the cabin and fly down the steps.  I see Jim seated next to Marissa.  Her eyes are still closed.
“She is very weak guys.  The infection is taking everything out of her.”
“What can we do for her?”
“There’s some stuff on our boat, but we need to get back to the White House.  I noticed the fire was out.”  I nod in agreement.  “She needs antibiotics very soon or things could get really bad.”  Jason and I go back out on the deck.  Jason stays on the stern amongst the fishing equipment.  I hope he doesn’t try and fish.  I wonder if there’s swordfish in the river.  I climb the ladder and stand next to Ron.  He’s expertly guiding the boat.
“Thanks so much for all you’ve done.”
“I promised you I would get you too her, now we got to get her better.  Sorry…I didn’t realize things were this bad.”
“Jim thinks we’ll be okay if we can get her back to DC quickly.”  I hold my finger up in the air.  ‘Let’s hope for good winds.”  Ron nods in agreement and aims the trawler towards the bridge.  I can see The Virginia’s masts.
“There she is.”
“Thanks again.  So what will you do now?”  I look at Ron.  His hair is flowing behind him.
“I’ll fish.  That’s what I do.”
“Sorry about what happened to your crew.  We had no choice.”
He nods.  “I agree.  I told you I wanted to go out on my own and now I can.  I got my boat and we got almost unlimited fuel back there.  My dad owned the gas pump back there too.”  I thank him again and slowly climb down the ladder and stand next to Jason on the stern.  We’re closing in on out boat.  I can see Karen standing on deck waving at us.  Her nervous expression is staring at me.  I try and smile.  A minute later Ron guides us right alongside The Virginia.  I grab hold of Karen’s hand and pull her inside.  I lead her through the cabin and down into the bunk area.  She sees Marissa lying on the bed and immediately starts crying.  I think Marissa opens her eyes but I’m not sure. She gives Jim a hug as well as Thomas.  I listen to Jim explain the infection and how we have so little time.  
“Let’s get her over there.”  Jim calls out.  Jason and I immediately get on each side of her.  Karen softly strokes her cheeks.  She looks so peaceful.  I smile at Karen and she smiles back at me.  I know she is telling me thanks for getting her.  A minute later Ron appears in the cabin.
“How’s she doing?”
Jim looks up.  “Not good.  I think we’re running out of time. Let’s get her over.”  A few minutes later we have Marissa lying in our cabin.  Karen is by her side.  I’m back at the wheel having Jason and Thomas work the sails.  Steve hasn’t made it out to his boat yet, but we promised Lisa he is on his way.   There’s not much wind but I can feel the hull moving slowly beneath us.  I have the sails pulled in as tightly as possible and the flag is flapping correctly.  I’m trying to will the boat as quickly as I can.  We have to make it.  We have to I keep yelling out.  I think Jim brought out a plate of food, but I haven’t even touched it yet.  I wonder if Ron would still say food is the most important thing to me now.  I try and picture him heading out to sea right now getting ready to drop the lines.  I wonder what he’s going to do with all the fish he catches.  I can imagine him probably throwing most of it overboard.  I’ll miss seeing Ron, even though I only knew him for a few days, I learned a lot from him and ate some of the best flounder I ever had.  I look at the plate of food at my feet and I grab a bite.  I guess Ron was right after all food is the most important thing to me.  I even finish the bag of cookies.  I try and pretend it’s swordfish but the chocolate chips snap my mind into reality.  I’m aiming us right through Long Island Sound.  I only wish we could move faster.  I almost hope for another storm to get us to DC quicker.  There’s no way we can make it in twenty-four hours, it will probably take us at a minimum of three or four days.  I just hope she can hang on.  Jim found some supplies in the first aid chest down below, but I think it is only to comfort her.  Karen said she is burning up.  I look back at the flag it is still flying parallel.  Jason is all the way up the forward mast trying to fix the sails.  I can see the look of desperation in his face.  I’m glad there’s no mirror in front of me.  I see Karen come out of the cabin.  She site next to me.
“How is she?”
“She’s burning up.  We gave her some ibuprofen but Jim is really concerned about the baby.” 
 I look down at me feet.  The empty plate is next to my sneakers.  I stomp on the empty bag of cookies.  Karen looks at my feet.  “I don’t know how to go any faster.  There’s just no wind.”
She slides next to me and places her arms around my shoulders.  “Seth…you got my baby back for me.  I knew you would.  There’s nothing else you can do.  You’re doing the best you can.”
“I ran the engine for a while but we didn’t go any faster and we don’t have much fuel left.”  I see the tears and redness in her eyes.  “We can’t let anything happen to either one of them.  It’s not fair.”
“Seth it was a miracle that you were able to find her and then save her.  I’m so thankful and proud of you.  I knew you would get her back.”  She looks behind her at the coast of Long Island. “You never told me what happened back there and why you have dried blood all over your clothes.”  I look at her and tell her the whole story.  How we had to wait in the woods all night and then how Steve and Ron shot two of the guys while I was pushed into Marissa’s room.  I even told her Jason saved my life again.  “Did you thank him?”  I look up at the mast and see him still hanging on to the rigging.  
“Not yet.”
“Remember Seth he’s going through the same thing you are…Marissa’s his wife and that’s his baby.”
I nod my head.   “I guess I’ll thank him.”
She squeezes my arm.  “Seth you will thank him.”
“Why’s he have to have a name like that…Jason Mason.”
“Seth…”
“Okay…I’ll thank him when he comes down.”  We both look up seeing him look back at us.  Karen waves.  I place my hands in my ears and flap them at him.
“Is that your way of thanking him?”
I shake my head.  “No…I’m just so worried about them.  She looks so weak and Baby Seth does too.”
“Seth…remember that’s not his name and you can’t see him.”
We both turn our heads when Jim steps out.  “I’m sorry guys but I think we’re going to have to cut the baby out.”
“What?”  I let go of the wheel causing the boat to sharply turn right.
“Oh my God…are you sure Jim?”
“She’s getting worse.  I don’t think either of them are going to make it if we wait to much longer.”  I feel tears streaming down my cheeks and falling on the cockpit floor and my empty plate.  I’m glad I finished eating.  I see Karen waving for Jason to come down.
“We need to make a decision very soon.”
“I think Jason needs to make the decision.  He’s the father.”  Karen says.  She looks directly at me.  I quickly grab hold of the wheel and straighten us out.  We’re still not moving more than five knots. A minute later Jason arrives next to us and Jim explains the situation to him.  I see his face break down.  It looks like he’s going to vomit.  I quickly get away from his mouth.  Everyone’s talking at once.  I feel like the world is spinning away from me.  I’m happy when I see Lawrence take over the wheel.  I think Karen tells him to but I’m not sure because the next thing I hear is Jim asking where the knives are.

%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%

Chapter 35

I open my eyes and I’m not longer outside.  I’m on a bed and it’s not our cabin.  I quickly sit up and start calling for Karen.  A minute later I see her standing over me.
“What happened?”
“You passed out and luckily Jason caught you so you didn’t hit your head.  He saved you again.”  
I frown.  “How are Marissa and Baby Seth?”
“The same, Jim hasn’t done anything yet.  We seem to be moving faster now.”
“What?”  I try and look out the window.  I think I’m in Connick and Maura’s cabin.  “How?  I had the flag flapping just right.”
“The wind picked up.”
“Where’s Jason?”
“He’s in there with Marissa and Jim.”  She points behind me.
“Let’s go see her.”
“She’s sleeping Seth.  Please let Jason be with her.  They need to figure out what they’re going to do.  Jim and Jason are going over the decision.”
“What about me?”
“What about you?”  Karen taps my shoulder.  “You just need to relax.”
“I don’t like to relax.”
“Really…I would have never guessed.  Don’t worry Jim will do what he thinks is best.  He’s already saved her once.”  I remember back to the time last year when both Marissa and I were sick with the virus.  It was touch and go for a while with her but she finally pulled through thanks to Jim.  I wonder if he saves her again he will run for Director.  I’ll have no chance.  Maybe I should ask Karen what she thinks.  I start to ask but she quickly leaves the room and comes back a minute later with a plate of food.  It’s pancakes again.  How do they know I like them so much?  I polish off the plate and feel much better.  I slowly walk towards Marissa’s room and Karen opens the door.  I see Marissa still sound asleep and Jim and Jason seated on the other end of the bed.  I’m glad Jim is closer to her than Jason but I don’t say anything.  Karen leads me back to the cockpit.  A few minutes later I’m back at the wheel and almost instantly the wind slows down.  I hope Lawrence doesn’t let it go to his head.  I send him up the mast to take Jason’s place. Maybe he won’t notice the slowdown up there.  We spend the next several hours battling the lack of wind and slow speeds.  We’re finally out of Long Island Sound but we still have too far to go. I try not to picture Jim slicing up Marissa with the same knife Ron used on the flounder.  Karen keeps coming up and giving me updates.  The last one was that Jason wants to wait till the last possible moment to do the surgery.  For once I actually think the kid made a good decision. Maybe he’s not so dumb after all even with his first name rhyming with the last name.  I continue tightening and loosening the sails to try and maximize our speed.  I hope Lawrence is impressed with my maneuvering.  I bet he didn’t do any of that.  Darkness is finally falling over us.  Still no change on Marissa, though I think Karen might not be telling me everything because every time she comes up she looks worse and worse.  By the way, Tim brought me up another plate around dinner time.  No pancakes this time, some kind of breaded vegetables and of course two bags of cookies that I ate first, but don’t let Karen know that.  Finally Jim shows his face up on deck, still no Jason though.  I wonder if I should say something about it not being fair that he gets all that time with Marissa, but I think I already know what Karen’s answer will be.
“Any change?”
“No, but I’m afraid things aren’t getting better.  Sometimes the body will go into labor when an infection is detected but so far nothing.  I’m not even sure she could handle labor at this point.  Jason wants to wait, but I’m afraid our time is running out.”  I look at Jim.  His white spindly hair is standing almost straight up.  I think he needs a haircut at least on the top, maybe he’s trying to let it grow long like Ron.  I turn my head around so he can see the back.  I wonder if he notices how long it has grown.  Karen hasn’t said anything about giving me a haircut lately either so maybe she likes it too.
“Do you think you can save them both?”
His gray eyes bore through mine.  “I’ll do my best.  We would have a much better chance back at the house where I can sterilize everything.  I’m having Tim sterilize everything now.  I think we’ll have to do it tomorrow sometime.”
“What’s the worst that can happen?”
He looks away from my gaze.  I wonder if that’s something he learned in his bedside manner class.  “They won’t make it, plus there more of a chance for infection.  Is there any way we can go faster?”
“Unless you can produce wind there isn’t.”  I see him look up like he’s trying to think about it.  A minute later he looks back at me.  “Thanks for rescuing us back there.  Without that we would have no chance.  They were just going to let her die up there.  By the way, how did you ever find us?  I didn’t think we would ever see you again, but Marissa kept saying you would come for her.”  I feel the tears welling up in my eyes.  I quickly wipe them away. I need to maintain a strong image if there’s any chance Jim is thinking of running for Director.  I explain to him about how we found Ron and he led us to them.  He does a lot of nodding.  I’ll have to let Karen know our roles have reversed.   Jim goes back down and Lawrence, Thomas and I remain on deck throughout the night.  The wind is still the same so we’re still going too slowly.  I feel time running out.  I have never felt so powerless.  I keep picturing Jim with that big fish knife in his hand and my insides start to cringe.  
“Look…look.” I hear Thomas yelling from near the bow.  I look back where he’s pointing and I see a giant orange ball radiating an orange hue all around it rising from the horizon.  It is beautiful.  I stare for a second till I hear him yell again.  I start to yell back that it’s a great sunrise but it’s not going to help till I see a familiar tower and green hull in front of it.  I have to squint my eyes to focus.  It’s Ron.
“It’s Ron…it’s Ron.”  I yell.  I think I hear someone down below tell me to be quiet but I’m not sure so I yell a few more times till Karen comes out and tells me to shut up. I point at the large fishing boat quickly coming up behind us.  I can’t believe it.  I wonder if that means the swordfish are biting over here by us.  I look behind me to see if the fishing poles are still there.  Maybe I should have Thomas and Lawrence start fishing.  I can’t take my eyes off the big trawler making its way towards us.  I wish we could go that fast.  I start waving but he’s still too far away to see me I think.  I turn my ear towards him and I think I can hear the rumbling of the engine.
“I can’t believe he’s back.”
“Are you sure it’s him?”
I look back at the boat and nod my head.  “It’s The Pelican I’m sure of it.  Can you hear how nice it sounds?”
“I guess.  What do you think he wants?”
“Probably some good fish over here or maybe he’s bringing us some swordfish.”
“Oh Seth…please think of something besides your stomach.”  She rubs my stomach with her hand.
“You sound just like Ron.”
“Yeah, he’s right.  Jim said he told you that he would probably have to take out the baby today right.”
I nod my head.  “Yeah he told me Baby Seth will come out today and that it’s fifty-fifty.”  I look back at Ron and he is close enough now to see.  I wave and I think he waves back.  I call to Thomas and Steve to come back.  A few minutes later, he’s beside us.  We have two loose lines holding us together.  The Pelican looks so good.  I try and stand on my tiptoes as he climbs down from the ladder.  I can’t see any swords on deck.  I try sniffing too till Karen makes me stop.  Ron jumps on board.  He’s wearing an “I love fishing” T-shirt and a baseball cap backwards.  I’ll have to check and see if we have any caps on board.  I know Karen should be able to make me one of those T-shirts when we get back.
“How’s it going guys?”
I reach over and embrace him.  I take a good look at the shirt when we’re hugging.  Feels like a good material.  I hope Karen touches it.  “Not well.  We have no wind and Marissa is not doing well.”
“Sorry to hear that.  I figured you would be moving slowly.  I saw Steve back that ways a little bit.  He’s catching up to you.  He said he got a late start.  He had a problem with the tender.”  I picture the last time we saw Steve in the tender on the river.
“How are the fish?”
He shakes his head.  “Weirdest thing…I couldn’t catch anything all day yesterday.  It was almost like they were telling me to come find you.”
“You didn’t catch anything?”
“Nothing worth keeping so I came to help you guys.  How about you put her back on here?  We should be able to make it much quicker.”  I watch as he looks at the flag.  It’s flapping in all different directions.  I wonder if I should take it down.
“Really?  Are you sure?”  I look at Karen.  I think I see a smile on her face.  Ron nods and Karen places her arms around him.  Maybe she wants to feel the shirt again.  I try and picture it on me.
“Thanks so much Ron.  What about fishing?”
“Plenty of time after, besides they’re not biting right now.”
“Maybe they’re on vacation.”  I say.  Ron just looks at me and doesn’t laugh. I better check with Karen first before I try and make jokes.  A few minutes later we all load Marissa back onto Ron’s boat.  Jason, Jim and Karen tell me they will stay by her side.  I want to argue that I should take Jason’s place since he’s been with her all night but Karen drags me out into the cockpit.
“Seth you need to take The Virginia home.”
“I can’t leave Marissa.”  I sit down on one of the long white benches making up the starboard side.  I picture myself kneeling here for a minute trying to reel in a large swordfish till Karen tells me to get going.  I start to climb back over to our boat, but Thomas and Lawrence tell me to stay.
“We got it Seth.  You need to go with them.”
I point at Lawrence. “See Karen, they can handle it.”
“Are you sure?  There are a lot of people aboard.  Do you know how to get back?’  They both nod.
“They can go with them.”  We look at Ron. He’s pointing at Steve and Lisa.  They are right behind us now.  I wave at Steve and Lisa.  They are waving with their hands for us to go.  They understand.  I feel a sense of optimism as Ron pushes the throttle forward and The Pelican lunges forward below me.  I’m seated right beside him high above the deck below.  I can imagine a crew of busy fisherman below us checking lines and pulling on nets.  I feel like the captain.
“You want to take it?”  I look at Ron.
“Sure.”  I slide over and take control of the wheel it feels so natural in my hands, I want to ask if I can borrow his shirt.  I wonder if anyone has a camera.  “Feels good.”  He looks over at me and smiles.  “Great equipment too.”
“Thanks.  Speed it up some.  I need to go down below for a minute and grab a chart.”  I nod.  I can’t control the smile forming on my face.  I push the throttle forward some more.  “Keep pushing it.  We need to get to DC and she can move in calm waters.”  I look behind us and see The Virginia and Duel Income floundering.  I stick out my tongue, but they probably can’t see me this far away.  I wonder if I should try and blow some air their way.  I hear Ron climbing down the ladder so I continue pushing the throttle forward till it’s almost all the way.  I close my eyes and pretend I’m The Pelican captain.  I’m wearing a backwards ball cap and an “I love fishing” shirt.  I start yelling commands to the crew below.  I can barely hear myself with the wind roaring through the open windows, but it looks like the crew is responding because they’re all running in different directions.  I haven’t ever felt this much power.  “Lower the nets!”  I scream.
“Seth…Seth…stop you’re scaring Marissa and everyone.”  I look back and Ron and Marissa are standing behind me at the top of the ladder.
“What are you doing up here man?”
“Ahhh…just testing things.”
“Test them a little quieter.”  Karen snaps.


Chapter 36  

I’m still at the wheel though I have stopped yelling and I think everyone is happy about that.  Jim is doing everything possible to hold off on opening up Marissa, but I know time is running short.   We’re somewhere off the coast of New Jersey so we still have quite a ways to go, but we are traveling much faster than we would have on The Virginia.  Nightfall has already come in and I’ve already eaten at least three dinners Tim handed to us before we left.  Karen and Jim said they weren’t hungry.  I think Ron and Jason ate theirs.  I guess Jason’s not so bad after all.  I can’t believe Ron is letting me steer so much.  I think he’s enjoying just relaxing and looking around.  He always has a chart in his hands and is checking where we are and the quickest route, so I just turn when he says turn which seems to be at least every minute.
“Seth…Seth.”  I look back and see Karen standing at the top of the ladder.  “I need you to come down now.  Please let Ron drive.”  I look at Ron and he slides over and takes the wheel.  I can’t tell but it almost looks like he’s relieved to have me gone.  I’ll have to see if Karen noticed that too.  I follow her down the ladder.  You have to go backwards on this one so I wait till she’s all the way down.  I jump off the last step and she immediately pulls me close.  “Look at me Seth.  I need to tell you something.”  I suddenly feel like I’m going to vomit.  I see Karen take a step or two backwards.  “Hold on Seth…hold on.  I need to tell you that while you were guiding us up there Jim delivered the baby.”
“What?  Baby Seth is here?  How is he?”  I start running for the cabin door.  “Why didn’t you tell me?  Oh my God!”  Karen grabs my shirt and pulls me back.  I immediately wonder how she got so strong.  That’s when I notice all the blood all over her shirt and hands.  “He didn’t make it did he?  I knew it.”  My eyes feel like they are going to explode.
“I didn’t say that Seth.  They both made it.  They are very sick but they are alive and with any luck they will make it till we get back.”
“I want to see them.  I can’t believe you didn’t tell me.”
“Remember what happened before.  You passed out.  You can’t see them for a while.  No one can.  Jim has them in a forward bunk that we sterilized beforehand.”
“What about Jason?”
“Oh Seth…is that all you care about?”
“No…remember food too.”
She shakes her head.  “For your information he isn’t with them either.  He’s right outside the room talking to them though the wall.”
“Can I talk to Marissa?”
“Give her a little while Seth.  She is out of it.  Jim had to drug her up pretty well to get the baby out.”
“How did Sethy look?”
“Sethy?”  She looks at me.  “Sethy looks okay, small, but okay.  He’s crying and that is a good sign.  Jim said he seems to be functioning okay as best he can tell.  The important thing is we need to get back home as quickly as we can.  Jim needs to get them both in the lab.”
 “The lab?  Are you kidding me?  I won’t even go in there.”
“That’s where he can treat them Seth.  For now we can be happy, they are both still doing okay.  We just need to pray and you and Ron need to keep us moving.  Now get back up there sailor and get us to DC.”
“Aye…Aye Maam.”  I salute her.  “Please come get me as soon as they wake up or anything…please.”
“I promise Seth.  I love you.”  She gives me a tight hug and a kiss.  I couldn’t breathe but I didn’t even say anything.  I’m sure she appreciates that.  I look towards the cabin and see Karen disappear down the steps.  I can’t believe it Baby Seth is here.  He’s in the world.  I thank God and quickly climb the ladder.  I see Ron hunched over the wheel examining the chart.  He looks back.
“How’s it going?  Everything okay down there?”  I can’t talk or even move my mouth.  I am totally frozen.  A few seconds later the explosion occurs in my eyes and tears are falling out of them.  Ron jumps up and places an arm around me.  “Oh man.  I’m sorry Seth.”
I somehow move my lips but I’m not sure if he can hear me.  “I’m a grandpa.”
“She had the baby?” He steps back.  I nod.  “Congrats…man.  Congrats.  How is he?”
“Sick but so far okay.”
“Did you see him?  How does he look?”
“Only Marissa can see him because of the infection for now.  I think as soon as we get there I’ll see him.”
“That is great news.  You are the man.”  He hugs me again.  “Let’s see if The Pelican can go any faster.” We cruise through the next couple of days with the pedal to the metal.  Ron and I take turns at the wheel.  I think I’m getting the feel for being a fishing boat captain.  I’ll have to check with Karen when we get back to see if I can get one too.  I keep checking on Marissa and Baby Seth every few hours. I even heard the little fellow crying earlier.  I told Karen it sounded like he was saying my name.  Jim still looks very concerned, but they are both still alive.  We’re finally in the Chesapeake.  We went past the same spot where I crashed the other boat a little while ago.  I couldn’t see the pilot house anymore and so far no smoke and no gray sky.  Everything looks blue in all directions.  I think even Jim wouldn’t be able to see any gray.  Ron is figuring we should be there sometime tonight or early tomorrow morning.  We’re burning so much fuel that we’ve had to stop a few times to fill up again.  Luckily, the tanks work with a little help from Jim and Ron.  I don’t think Karen has slept at all the whole way down.  She looks so haggard and tired.  I told her she looked beautiful this morning but she gave me an odd look so I didn’t say anything else.  I have my fingers crossed that we make it sometime soon.  Jim said even when we get back to the White House they’ll still be in danger. I wonder if he means from the lab, but at least he’ll be able to give them the medicine they need.  I still can’t believe I haven’t even seen baby Seth.  I keep asking Karen if she thinks he looks like me.  She just shakes her head.  I tried to explain to her if he’s going to take my namesake he should look like me but she didn’t want to hear it.  She went back to keeping a vigil in the cabin next door.  I’m back up with Ron we’re getting ready to go under the bridge.  I look up as we go underneath it and gaze at the emptiness above.  I feel even more alone now that Baby Seth is here.  I just can’t imagine a world without him or Marissa in it.  I try and will the boat to move faster again.  I think Ron is happy to help us.  He seems so determined to get us there as quickly as possible.  I’m thinking The Virginia is probably still sailing near New Jersey.  We would have never had a chance.  I keep looking at Ron and his long hair and fishing shirt.  He is my hero for giving us a chance and for being a sword fisherman.  I don’t know what I was thinking when I got into the stock market business.  There’s no comparison.  I wish I could go back on the Exchange floor and tell some of the stories we have experienced.  I think they would be amazed.  A few more hours go by and I check on Marissa and Baby Seth a few more times.  Still no changes, though I haven’t seen Jim lately.  I’m not sure what that means.  Karen is still hanging on though she desperately needs some sleep.  I think the bags under her eyes are growing their own bags, but I still tell her she looks great.  She doesn’t respond back to me.  She still just looks at me.  I wonder if I should tell her how good I’m getting at driving The Pelican, I’m sure that would cheer her up.  Finally, many long hours later, the night gives way to the day and we are in DC.  I can’t believe it.  I can see the monuments smiling back at me in the distance and the dreary brown shores, the green has all but disappeared from the wildfire.  I hope the White House is still standing.  I direct Ron to the right dock and we quickly tie up the boat.  I can see the Suburban’s parked in the same spots.  They didn’t get burned up.  It feels so good stepping onto our homeland again.  I run and get one of the trucks. I’m amazed that it starts up on the first try.  I pull it right up alongside the dark green Pelican.  A minute later I see Jim come running out with a small blanket.  He jumps in the back seat holding it tightly.
“Let’s go Seth.  We need to get Marissa in.”  I jump up trying to look in the backseat.  I think Baby Seth is in there under that blanket.  I think I see a picture of a fish on the outside too.  Maybe he’ll grow up to be a sword fisherman like Ron.  I’ll have to start telling Marissa and Karen about my idea.  I jump back onto the boat.  I see Ron and Jason trying to lift up Marissa.  She is curled up under a matching blanket on a small berth.  I run down and place my arms under her.  We carry her and place her in the backseat of the Suburban next to Baby Seth.  I don’t think she’s conscious, but I can feel her breath on my arms.  Everyone gets into the truck and I get behind the wheel.  Ron jumps in next to me.  I wonder if he wants to observe my great driving skills.  He must have been impressed with how well I did on The Pelican.   We speed out of the parking lot.  I’m immediately amazed at the amount of destruction from the fire.  Most of the trees are either on their sides or standing like skeletons but the road is clear enough for us to drive.  I look back and see Jim.  His face is full of concern looking out the window.  I keep us headed back in the right direction though I’m still amazed by the damage from the fire.  There are no sounds coming from within the truck so either everyone has left or their all looking at the destruction.  We make the final turn and I feel myself tense up when we start rolling down Pennsylvania.  Most of the buildings appear to be still standing, but they look like they have been scorched.  I finally see the White House.  I’m happy to see it’s still white and more importantly still standing.  I pull right up front next to the main entrance.  I see the amazement on Ron’s face as he takes in the scene.  We all jump out of the truck and pick up Marissa.  We follow Jim who’s holding the curled up blanket in his arms.  I jump when I hear a low growl.  My first thought is the tigers are back but then I realize it’s my stomach.  I hope Tim gets back here soon.  We run through the lobby and down the stairs and make it to Jim’s lab.  I wonder if Ron feels as scared as I do placing Marissa on a mattress in the corner.  The lab is full of many strange jars and smells.  I watch Jim place Baby Seth next to her.
“All right everyone step outside so we don’t contaminate them anymore.”  I touch Marissa’s cheek with my hand and wave at Baby Seth.  I hope he knows I’m here.  A minute later we’re all standing outside the large glass window looking at them.  I feel Karen grab hold of my shoulders from behind.  I wonder if she doesn’t want me to see the bags under her eyes.  Ron and Jason are standing beside us.  I can see tears in Jason’s eyes.  He is fixated on the small blanket bundle that Jim just picked up.  I stare as he slowly un-wraps it and a tiny baby appears.  I can’t control my emotions and my insides begin pouring out.  Everyone quickly clears away from me but they all remain nearby watching Jim and Baby Seth.  I can’t believe it when I see a tiny pair of hands and feet wiggling around.  He’s the most beautiful thing I have ever seen.  I watch as Jim takes a small wet cloth and begins washing the Baby Seth’s tiny back and face.  I want to run through the glass and hold him as tightly as I can.  I look at Karen and I can’t see the bags anymore because they are covered with tears.  She looks at me and smiles, but she doesn’t come any closer to me.  Jason and Ron are hugging on the far side.  I’m glad Marissa is still sleeping so she won’t get jealous.  She is still lying there motionless.  Jim is washing Baby Seth all over.  He is so tiny.  I can’t believe how little he is.  We watch for a few more minutes till Jim covers the baby back up and places him down next to Marissa. We stay and watch them rest peacefully for a little while.  Jim is going through bottles of pills.  It looks like a candy store in there.  Karen and I finally head out after a little while longer.  She’s careful not to step to close to me.  We walk through the familiar hallways and past the Oval Office and even the bowling alley.  It feels so good to be home.  Karen says she going upstairs to lie down for a while.  I make a quick stop in the kitchen and grab a can of spaghetti and sausages.  I can’t believe how good it tastes in my mouth.  I look up and see Ron walk in.  
“I can’t believe we’re in the White House….this is so cool.  You guys have electricity too.”
“Yeah look outside and you’ll see all the windmills.  There are also tons of solar panels out there.  I’ll have to show you the bowling alley.”
“Get something to eat.”  He nods.  “So are you going to stick around?”
“I’m not sure.  I do like it here and you guys are really cool, but I don’t know.”
“We have a lot of fun here.  Remember I told you about the tigers.  You could try to catch them.”
He laughs.  “I think I’m going to look around.  This place is amazing. I can’t believe you actually live here.”
“You can too.  We have plenty of rooms and there much nicer than Jim’s lab.”
“I’ll think about it.  I may stick around for a little while.”  
“Thanks so much for getting us here.”
“Anytime.”  He leans down and gives me a light hug.  I look around for Karen so she won’t get jealous.  I feel his shirt again.  A minute later he heads out to explore the White House.  I hope he doesn’t find a secret staircase.  I must have fallen asleep because the next thing I know Karen is tapping me on the shoulder and the bags are gone from under her eyes.  I tell her she’s beautiful again.  She gives me that same look.
“Seth…let’s go downstairs.  The baby is awake.”  I hop up and follow her downstairs.  As soon as we get to the window, I see Jason standing there.  He is smiling.  Jim is holding Baby Seth near the window.  I can hear him crying again.  
“See…he is saying Seth.”  I yell out.  Both Jason and Karen just look at me.
“How’s Marissa?”  
Jason looks at Karen, “Still the same. Jim’s given her the antibiotics but he says we won’t know anything for a few more hours.”  He waves at the baby.  None of say anything for the next twenty minutes or so we all just watch Jim’s gloved hands hold and feed the baby from a tiny bottle. 



Chapter 37

The next several days go by like this.  We spend them either in front of Jim’s window or sleeping or eating, though I think I’m doing most of the eating.  I haven’t seen Ron since the first day in the kitchen.  Karen thinks he probably went back to The Pelican.  Jim said he thinks Baby Seth is going to be okay and Marissa is slowly making her way back.  She actually sat up today and held the baby and waved at us.  Karen and I were so happy.  I finally think they are both going to be okay, but Jim says we still need to be cautious and we won’t know for a few more days how they will be.
“Seth…they are here.”  I look up from the kitchen table, my new bed hearing Karen call me.
“Who’s here?”
“Everyone else, they have made it back from The Virginia.”  I slowly walk out of the kitchen and greet everyone as they enter through the main entrance.  They all ask how Marissa and Baby Seth are doing.  I update them that they are doing much better.  Steve and Lisa enter and have decided they would like to stay here with us.  I show them to Maura and Connick’s room for now. I immediately go back to the kitchen and see Tim already working and unpacking his stuff.  I’m so happy to see him that I catch him by surprise and give him a big hug and then I grab another can of spaghetti and sausages.  He doesn’t say anything, definitely my kind of guy.  Karen finally convinces me to sleep back in our room under the Presidential comforter.  I forgot how comfortable it feels.  I still need a mirror on the ceiling so I can see what it looks like.  I’ll work on that.  A few more days pass by and finally the day I’ve been waiting for has come.  Jim is at our door telling us we can go in and hold him.  I run so fast downstairs that I don’t even hear Karen yelling for me to slow down.  I see Baby Seth and Marissa sitting up on the mattress.  They look so happy.  Marissa waves at me.  I wave back and smile. Finally, a minute later Jim comes and unlocks the door.  I rush inside and immediately hug Marissa.
“Take it slow Seth.”  I nod and reach for the baby.  Marissa looks at Jim and he nods.  I pick up the tiny blanket and cradle him in my arms.  I have never felt so much love and warmth.  I immediately think of Marissa when she was first born.  I stroke his cheek and watch his giant blue eyes look at me.  He must see the resemblance already.
“Hi Baby Seth, I love you.”  I say.
“Seth, remember we talked about this.”
“It’s okay Mom.  I’ve got something to tell you guys.”  She looks at both of us.  Her face is still gaunt but Jim says she is recovering well and in a few days she’ll be back on her feet.  “Jason and I decided on a name.”
“Hi Baby Seth.”  I say again.  Karen grabs him from me and cradles him in her arms.
“Seth.”
“We’ve decided to call him Ryan Mason.”  I immediately feel my stomach drop.  I see Marissa look at me and smile.  “And his middle name is Seth. Ryan Seth Mason.”   I look at Karen then Marissa and the baby.
“Okay…I guess that’s okay.  At least I can still call him Seth and his first name doesn’t rhyme with his last name.”
“Seth…you need to be nice.”
“It’s okay.  I never thought about that.”  Marissa laughs.  “Jason Mason.  Good one Dad.”  We stay in there for at least an hour or two till Jason comes in.  I congratulate him on the name and laugh when I hear Marissa tease him about his name.  I walk out smiling and head directly to the Oval Office.  I exercise for a while moving my legs up and down from the desk.  It feels good to be back in my chair.  Everything is back to normal and most importantly Marissa and Ryan Seth are okay.   A few minutes later, I’m surprised by my next visitor.  He has long hair and is wearing a new fishing shirt.  I wonder if I should ask him if he still has the old one.
“Congratulations Seth.  I heard the great news about Marissa and Ryan.”
“Ryan Seth.” I say.
He laughs quietly.  “Okay…Ryan Seth.  Look I have a proposition for you since you are the Director and all.  I’ve already spoken with Tim.  What do you think of me living here and providing you guys fish to eat?  I have a feeling that little boy is going to be a big fish eater.”
“Really?  That would be great!”  I lower my feet down from the desk.  “Swordfish?”
“You bet.  I just have one little problem.  I’m going to need someone to assist me.  I already spoke with your boss…”
“My boss?”
“Your wife…and she said it will be okay if you come out with me and help me catch fish.”
I jump up.  “On The Pelican?”
“Yep…Jim thinks it will solve your food supply.  What do you think?”
“When do we leave Captain?”
“Co-captain.”  He shakes my hand.  “How about we take our first trip a couple of days from now, so you have plenty of time to spend with Ryan…I mean Ryan Seth”  I nod my head.  As soon as he leaves I run out of the Oval Office directly past the bowling alley and kitchen without even stopping.  I find Karen her in the new nursery she is working on next to Jason and Marissa’s room.  She smiles as soon as she sees me and gives me a hug.  I thank her.
She points at the crib. “Do you know anything about this?”  I shake my head. “So someone just happened to place a mirror above the crib with a little Presidential comforter just like ours in here.”  I shrug my shoulders.  “Oh Seth…I love you.  Jim said Ryan will be up here in a few more days.”
“Ryan Seth.”  I correct her.
