
BITCOIN DETECTIVE
By Marty Longson



This book is dedicated to everyone that has ever owned a Bitcoin and the man that created them in the first place.


COPYRIGHT © 2013 Marty Longson
all rights reserved.  No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of the author.

This is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the author's imagination.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead is entirely coincidental.
Smashwords edition

Table of Contents

AUTHORS NOTE
CHAPTER 1 – Walking On Sunshine
CHAPTER 2 – Office interview
CHAPTER 3 – Nightmare
CHAPTER 4 – Windsor
CHAPTER 5 – Drinking with the boys
CHAPTER 6 – Inside Tech
CHAPTER 7 – How to Coin
CHAPTER 8 – Bulldog Balls
CHAPTER 9 – The List
CHAPTER 10 – Somebody Watching Someone Watching
CHAPTER 11 – Hospitals Stink
CHAPTER 12 – Diner and a Taser
CHAPTER 13 – The Chase
CHAPTER 14 – The Sato Clause
CHAPTER 15 – A New Clause
EPILOGUE

INTRODUCTION TO BITCOIN
DANIEL LOCKE AND THE TOWER OF EDEN
OTHER BOOKS BY MARTY LONGSON

AUTHOR’S NOTE 
For more information about this book go to http://www.MartyLongson.com   
Or email thebitcoinlist@gmail.com


Welcome to the world of Bitcoin.  A world that will see many changes in the next few years as it becomes more widely used and accepted in society.  It will also be a world that will share stories both good and bad as fortunes are won and lost in the blink of an eye.  As I write this book, I have to express some words of warning, watch out for scammers and protect your investment by increasing your knowledge. 
I have added a FYI section at the start of each chapter.  This section is color coded blue.  These are meant only as small information packets and are not an integral part of the story.  I would highly suggest reading them if you are new to the Bitcoin scene.  Below is an example of an FYI.
(FYI) Bitcoins are associated with a high level of risk, as they are volatile and currently under no regulation or legislation.  You can compare it to the Wild, Wild West in some ways.  There have been incidents of online Bitcoin wallets compromised by hackers leading to theft of valuable Bitcoin investments.
One story that recently made headlines occurred when Cybercriminals stole 1.3 million dollars’ worth of Bitcoin from inputs.io, a company that let users store the digital currency in online wallets.  The site's founder claimed in a message that cybercriminals hacked into his site on two different occasions and stole 4,100 BTC, the equivalent of $1.3 million at the time.   
Countless other thefts happen on a daily basis.  The good news is that each transaction is recorded and is possibly usable to find the thief.  The question is who is going to find them first, the authorities or the Bitcoin detective.






Bitcoin Account - 18e1toyFnJ1zm4RAxtDnjrfCGNAicMYVrj
CHAPTER 1 – Walking On Sunshine

(FYI) - Bitcoin or BTC is a crypto-currency where the creation and transfer of coins is based on a cryptographic protocol.  This service is different from fiat currency in that it does not rely on a central banking system.  The main feature of Bitcoins is that they can be transferred through a computer or smartphone without an intermediate financial institution. "Satoshi Nakamoto", Bitcoin’s creator, described it best as a peer-to-peer, electronic cash system.


It was just one of those days.  One of those bright shining glorious days when everything just clicked.  One of those days, I couldn’t ask for anything else.  I get them sometimes, well I have to admit, they come more often than not.  Some people say I have a guardian angel watching my every step, poking and prodding me in the right direction.  It might be true. I really hope it isn’t though because there are rare occasions where everything goes wrong.  When I say wrong, it might not be entirely accurate.  It goes bad, for me and everyone around me.  People end up dead or dying, bombs go boom... you get the drift.  I call it a dark day and instead of a guardian angel, I think the devil is on my shoulder.  
“Today is a good day,” I tell myself.
I have to remind myself of this because thoughts of my last dark day are  flittering at the edge of my mind.   It seems like every time I am by myself these old memories come slinking back in.  Shaking my head, I lifted the scope to my eye and watched as a bright red Lamborghini Countach roared up the street and drew up to the house I had been watching.  I took a moment to admire the classic supercar, its low profile and scissor wing doors before focusing back on the job at hand.  I watched as my target swaggered up to the house.  I was sitting across from a small two-story in a black armored Mercedes S-Class watching the action from the back seat.  The long digital scope lens clicked in my hand and whirred as it focused in on the man’s face.
“Dominic Aviles I presume,” I said under my breath.
I often like talking to myself, it calms the voices in my head.  The computer sitting next to me dinged softly as it finished capturing the image from the scope.
I looked down and compared the newest image on the screen to the one I had left open.  It really wasn’t necessary, I had already done my homework on this clown and he wasn’t a match for my client.  Hell, he didn’t even have the right skin color.
The man I was spying on was Domenic Aviles, a 36-year-old scumbag from Jersey.  He was of dark complexion with black hair and didn’t look a bit like the man he was pretending to be.  That man, Tom Meyers, who was the man in the other picture, was in his eighties with thinning grey hair and a very pale complexion.  Tom, my client, was a victim of identity theft.  A few years ago, he had woken up one morning and checked his mail only to find several new bills in the mail.    Several credit cards had been taken out in his name and quickly maxed out.  There were many more bills that followed, but the level of intrusion went even further than that.  His bank accounts were drained and his house was even remortgaged out from underneath him.  Tom had gone to the police and to the credit card companies right away.  They were sympathetic and did what little they could to ease his violation.  But the collectors kept calling. His name, the name he had carried with pride for eighty plus years, was tarnished forever.  
Tom had tried everything in his power to salvage his name.  He spent thousands on detectives and private eyes.  He toiled on phone calls and in online forums dedicated to aiding other victims like himself.  In the end, it was all fruitless and I would hate to imagine what could have happened without the love and support of his family and grandchildren.  
It was exactly two weeks ago that I had contacted Mr. Meyers.  I had learned of his plight through some of my sources and after speaking at length with the man, decided to take him on as a client.  
That’s what I do, I hunt down the bad guys and make them pay... in every sense of the word.  After all, if you have a few million in the bank, what would you do with your life?  To me this is a personal quest, perhaps with a touch of Robin Hood envy and a pinch of the Grinch.  To me life is all about karma.  My mom was a victim of identity theft, shortly after my father passed away.  At the time, I was out of the country, in some goddamn dust bowl of a hellhole, fighting for who knows what patch of oil.  That proud and stubborn woman didn’t tell me until I came home from my tour.  It was then I found the car was repo’d, the bills were piling up and the phone was ringing nonstop.  To be honest, I think the banks had her on speed dial.   It was much like Tom’s current situation but unlike Tom, I had an old friend in the CIA, a tech geek named Jamie Mason.  Jamie and I grew up together, playing video games and stickball in the street.  He got me in contact with the right people and now years later, you get what I am doing right now.   I think of it as a sort of an enforced karma.
I watched as Dominic checked his mailbox and then unlocked his front door.  The man disappeared into the building and closed the door behind him.  The computer beside me chimed and then popped open several windows.  The interior of the house was displayed on the monitor now, as Dominic moved through the frames.  I stared intently at the screen and touched the volume button to hear what was going on inside the house.
The job was already done, the money moved from Dominic’s account into several Grand Cayman accounts.  This was just a little bit of fun now, a little payback for Tom.  Of course, this was also my favorite part of the job and I wouldn’t miss it for the world.  I live for this crap.
On the screens, I watched Dominic go through the kitchen, passing by the fridge and heading into a bathroom at the back of the house.  Another camera in the bathroom picked up Dominic as he entered. He lifted the back of the toilet off its pedestal and peered inside.  It was the first indication that this was indeed the man responsible for the thefts.  When I was in the house earlier in the week I had already recovered several waterproof bundles that had been stashed there.  There had been several wallets of ID’s and notebooks of passwords and account numbers belonging to dozens of banks.  
On the monitors, Dominic was panicking.  He had thrown the ceramic cover to the floor and almost dunked his head into the tank, looking for his missing treasures.   Frantic, Dominic ran from the bathroom to check the rest of the house for his other hidden stashes.  
“Where the hell is it?”  His voice came screaming over the computer speakers.
I watched with growing interest as he moved through the house checking cubbyhole after empty cubbyhole.  Until now, I wasn’t sure if I had gotten all the loot from the house.  I know I am good, but you never know, I could have missed something important.  Criminals are always coming up with new and interesting ways to hide things.  
As it turned out, I hadn’t missed anything.  By the time Dominic walked into the kitchen, I could see he was now a broken man.  Losing over a million dollars in cash and liquid assets can do that to a guy.  But I wasn’t done with good old Dom yet.  I picked up my cellphone and sent the text message I had prepared earlier that day, setting off a chain of events that required I only had to sit back and enjoy the show.
A ringtone came over the speaker that was muffled at first.  Somewhere in the house, Dominic heard the phone ringing and began searching for its source throughout the kitchen.  He finally located a cellphone in one of the kitchen drawers.  As the drawer slid open, the tune of “Somebody’s watching you” played loud and clear.
“What the?”  Dominic said as he held up the phone to inspect its screen.
I laughed as I imagined him reading the text message he’d just received.
The text he had just received read “Don’t worry, your stuff is safe. I did leave you a thank you present.  It’s is in the fridge for safe keeping, just in case the cops come around.”
Dominic stared at the screen, obviously dumbfounded.  He looked up from the phone to the fridge and then back down again.  
“Where is my fricken Bitcoin!” he cursed as he gripped the phone with white knuckles.
The next text message came in right about then... perfectly timed with his cursing.  It read, “Relax Dominic and listen carefully.  You have screwed with the wrong people.  They sent me here to teach you a lesson.”
“What the fuck are you talking about?  You bastard,” he screamed at the phone, clearly not in the right state of mind, after all he was talking to a text message.  “I didn’t mess with no one.”
There was a slight pause that almost threw off the timing but twenty seconds later the next text came in.  “Oh but you did Dom, You did.  This time I only took a few of your things.  Next time I won’t be so nice.”
“I don’t give a shit about anything in this place but that fucking coin,” he blubbered.  “It’s not even mine, I was just holding it and if I don’t get it back...  bad things are going to happen and not just to me.”
I laughed at the man breaking down on the screens before my eyes.
“I’m serious man, this is dangerous shit...” he whined.
That was when the last text message appeared on the screen.
“You weren’t there when I came to visit, so I put all the stuff in the fridge.”
Shaking his head, Dominic rushed to the fridge and swung it wide open.
Stacks of wrapped cubes came tumbling out of the fridge, cascading like a white tide and skittering around on the ceramic floor tiles.  Dominic pulled one of the remaining bricks from the fridge and inspected it.  He even went as far as to poke a finger through the tightly wrapped cellophane and touch it to his lips.
“Holy fuck, its coke,” he breathed.
That was right about the time the drug squad came busting in through his front door, guns drawn and sweeping through the house.
I laughed as the hidden cameras captured the completely dumbfounded expression on Dominic’s face as the cops swarmed over him and knocked him to the ground.
“Noooo.... NOOOO!!!!”  Dominic cried as he went down like a sack of shit.
I looked at my watch.
 “Damn that’s quite a response time for the boys in blue.”  
It had been less than three minutes since they got the hot tip from a well-paid informant.  Mr. Aviles was going to have quite a bit of explaining to do, the amount of coke and the weapons yet to be found in the freezer would be more than enough to send him down the river for many years to come.
I wasn’t worried about what the police would think of the text messages.  I had a plan for that.  I had setup the phone so I could remote wipe it.  With a click of the mouse, I erased everything on the phone.  Of course, there were ways to find out about the texts, but I wasn’t worried about it given the man’s reputation with the law.
As I packed up my gear and exited the back seat of the Mercedes, I patted the gaudy golden coin in my pocket.  It seemed like Dominic was pretty broken up over losing it... but I didn’t think it could be worth more than a sliver of the money I had just lifted from him.  Just as I was beginning to stretch my tired muscles, my phone rang.  The ringtone was the Psycho sound from the movie Psycho.  I answered the phone.
“Hello Marge,” I grunted.
“Mr. Dunhill, Mr. Meyers is waiting for you in your office.  He’s half an hour early,” she told me in a brisk and yet somber voice.
“Thank you Marge, I am about fifteen minutes away.  Bring Tom some coffee and let him know I will be in shortly.”  
Marge hung up the phone without a response.  Marge was my secretary and was more efficient than anyone I had ever met.  I knew she had probably already fed Tom some of the world’s best coffee and informed him of my imminent arrival before even placing a call to my cell.  She might be a bit abrupt, but Marge was a force to be reckoned with in her own right.  But damn she was a pain in the ass.


CHAPTER 2 – Office interview


(FYI) FIVE REASONS TO USE BITCOIN
1.It is fast - Transactions can be instantaneous if they are “zero-confirmation” transactions. (The merchant takes on the risk of accepting a transaction that hasn’t yet been confirmed by the block chain.) 
2.It is cheap - Bitcoin transaction fees are minimal, or even free.
3.Governments cannot take it away - Because the currency is decentralized, you own it. No central authority has control, and so a bank can’t take it away from you. 
4.It is private - Bitcoin is a relatively private currency, no one knows who holds a particular Bitcoin address. It’s like having a clear plastic wallet with no visible owner. Anyone can look inside your account, but no one knows who owns it.
5.You can create Bitcoins yourself – You can buy Bitcoins with cold hard cash, but you can also mine them on your own if you have enough computing power or join a mining pool. 


The drive to the office was short and uneventful mostly thanks to the lack of downtown traffic on the weekends.  
I pulled into the underground garage below my office building and found a spot near the elevators.  The dim lights of the garage created even darker shadows as their flickering florescence pulsed on my way to the elevators.  I peered into these shadows cautiously as I punched the call button and waited for the doors to slide open.  Normally, I’m not a nervous person, but it is always this point of the trip up to my office that I worry about the most.  There are a lot of bad, bad people out there that I have personally and forcefully had my way with their bank accounts.  Luckily, I have gotten away clean in every instance.  At least, I think I have, there is always the chance one of them is currently on my trail that I might not know about.  
As the doors of the elevator slid open, I relaxed and stepped into the empty cage.  My office is on the seventh floor and it takes up the entire north side of the building.  Mandy greeted me as I stepped into the office.  She was wearing a casual black skirt today, just a little bit higher than her knees.  The black material hugged her small hips that was accented by a thin woven silver belt.  Her blouse made the breath catch in my throat as her ample cleavage was barely contained by the thin silky grey material.  With an effort, I tore my gaze away from her cleavage to her pouty mouth that had a smirk plastered across it while her blue eyes blazed with grim determination.  Her strawberry blonde hair was pulled back into the same severe bun she always wore to work.  It made her look like a strange cross between a librarian and a runway model.
“Did you do something new with your hair?  I asked as I completed my inspection.
Mandy’s pout disappeared and was replaced by a scowl.  Or maybe she had been scowling the entire time.  I might have been too distracted by her body to notice.  It was a good thing that she was forever in my debt for helping out her ex-husband not too long ago.  Well that and the crazy salary I pay her to put up with my slightly eccentric ways.
“Hello Mr. Dunhill.  Your two o’clock is in conference room A,” she informed me as she nodded to the closed doors down the hall.  
“Any calls?”  I asked, not easing up on my grin.  
“None,” she said through her scowl.
“Are we still on for dinner tonight?”  I asked as I amped up the wattage on my grin until it was a full toothy smile.
Mandy looked at me with an annoyed expression but answered anyway.
“Robert... I don’t ever want to go out with you.  Not tonight, not ever, not for dinner, not for lunch, not even for coffee.”
She grew frustrated at the ever-growing smile on my face as I passed by with a quiet, “Thank you.”
It was a code between us, the dinner reservations would never happen, mostly because although she might find me very attractive, she now found other women much more so.   I had set up the code with her when she first started as my secretary and although she found it rather tiresome, she had eventually agreed.  It had been one of the conditions of her employment after all.  
The flat out rejection meant that the office was empty of anyone other than who was supposed to be there.  Anything different and the reservation would be in place with the time being the number of people involved.  The event itself even had meaning, while lunch and dinner were serious, coffee was only merely curious.   I think I am a better than average looking man but Mandy is truly out of my league so there is no sting in her rejection.  But damn it seemed like she enjoyed doing it a little too much.
My office is an understated affair, sure it has all the prerequisite wood accents and features that clients expect from a successful detective but it goes a little further.  It transforms from mild to wild with the push of a button.  As I walked into my office, I slapped the big red button on the wall beside the door and the room whirled into motion.  
My client, who was sitting in one of the chairs waiting for me, let out a gasp.  Panels on the wall spun revealing several large monitors while my desk ignited with a blue glow as the LED display embedded in the surface started up.  The entire top of the desk turned into a touch screen computer.
“Pandora, open sesame,” I said to the room.
“Confirmed, open sesame,” my computers A.I. said, her voice, breathy sexy and sweet all at the same time.
I patted Mr. Meyers on the shoulder as I passed.
“Mr. Meyers, I have some good news for you” I said. Pandora, play Domenic’s file, beginning with the first motion detector.”
The monitors on the walls lit up with images of Domenic.  We watched as the thief entered the building, going room to room in search of his gear.  Panic clearly sets in when the man realizes everything is gone.  On the screens, Domenic finds a cellphone in a drawer and picks up the phone to look at it as it rings but the recording doesn’t catch the text conversation.  It does however catch the look of horror that crosses over the man’s face.  The camera quickly shifts to the front door as the cops come pouring in, guns drawn and yelling.
“My sources down at the department have confirmed he was arrested on multiple counts of drug possession, money laundering, fraud and identity theft.  Not only that but they picked him up on an outstanding warrant for auto theft.”  I told Tom, explaining what we had just witnessed.
Tom let out a long deep sigh and let a small smile creep over his face.  
“You are sure this is the right guy?”  He asked.  “I have a pretty good memory for people I have met.  I don’t remember ever seeing this guy.”
“It is rare for a good identity thief to ever meet their marks.  Most of them buy stolen ids online or steal them directly from the internet themselves.”  
“I can’t thank you enough Mr. Dunhill,” Tom said with a slight tremor in his old voice.  “I hope they throw the book at the little bastard.”
“I estimate the man will be looking at a minimum stay of about ten years or so, but good behavior goes a long way in cutting that time down.” 
Tom grimaced and chewed on something sour for a few moments before I gave him the good news.  I pulled a small USB stick from my pocket and slid it across the touch screen desk toward him.  As the stick hit the surface of the desk, a window popped open displaying a numbered bank account in the Grand Caymans.  
Tom looked at the display and let his jaw hang.
“One million dollars?” he said in a quiet voice.
I nodded my head.
“I only lost a little over three hundred thousand,” Tom admitted.
“Sometimes you just get lucky Tom.  I have already taken a percentage off for my services and expenses.  Oh and before I forget, here are two tickets to the Grand Caymans.  You don’t need to go there to get your money.  Any American bank can handle the transaction for you with one of the accounts on that stick.”
I slid the plane tickets next to the USB drive.  The man looked stunned as his eyes darted across the image and down to the USB drive and back, so I continued.
“The USB drive is encrypted, only you can access the data on it.  It has a fingerprint scanner on the bottom of it.  I suggest you take a portion of the funds out and place the stick in a safety deposit box.  Once you pick up that drive, it will be locked to your thumbprint.  Only you can access it, if you want anyone else to have part of that balance you will need to visit a bank to do the transfer in person.”
“I can’t even begin to thank you enough.  When we lost the house... Jenny... she almost...”  Tom stuttered with emotion.
“No worries,” I said, trying to calm him down.  “I am just happy I could help.  There are thousands of people out there just like you.  Anyone can be a target, anyone.”
It was a fact I knew all too well.  I motioned to the tickets and the thumb drive on my desk.  Mr. Meyers nodded and hesitantly put his thumb down on top of the stick.  A small LED light on it glowed green almost immediately.
“That’s it?” he asked, raising one bushy eyebrow.
“Yep.”
I stood up and held out my hand, which he took and shook quite vigorously.
I held the grip and applied a hint of pressure as I locked eyes with the old man.
“I have to remind you of our agreement before you leave.  My safety and that of my clients is paramount.  My name and number is for your eyes only.  You may not pass along either one to anyone at any time.  Nor should you mention where my office is located.  I cannot stress that enough.”
I released his hand as he nodded his understanding, unperturbed by my seriousness.  Tom picked up his items and pocketed them.   He patted them once as his smile returned.
“Take care, Mr. Meyers.  Have a cocktail on the beach for me.”
“I will Mr. Dunhill.  I will,” Tom said and nodded his head.
He turned from my desk and strode out the door, letting it close softly behind him as he went.
I waited a few moments before I activated the tracker in his USB drive.
“Pandora, activate Mr. Meyers tracker and keep me updated on its location for the next two weeks.  You can also seal his file and place it into the completed cold case archives.”
“Done and done, Robert,” Pandora said in her soft voice.
I sat back in my chair and looked around the room.  It would be nice to have a break for a little while.   My next client wasn’t due in for a few more days yet and my calendar was clear for the time being.   I let a smile pass over my face and patted myself on the back for another job well done.  
“Pandora, would you please dim the lights, I think I am just going to veg here for a bit.  Would you let Mandy know she can lock up and head home for the day too?”
The lights dimmed and almost immediately, I fell asleep.
I am still not sure how long I was out but I woke to blinding lights and Pandora whispering my name.
“I’m up, I’m up...” I insisted, rubbing at my eyes.
“A motion detector has been triggered at the residence on Elm Street,” Pandora informed me.
“Bring up the live feed,” I told her as I shook off the cobwebs of sleep.
Several different cameras came online as I watched.  The small house on the city’s north end was dark in every single one of the monitors.  I couldn’t see anything moving.  But I am a patient man, if nothing else, and as I continued to watch I was rewarded with a trace of movement.  A dark figure moved in the background through a swirl of black mist.  The figure that I could see was clad in black and wore a black gas mask, similar to the ones the Navy Seals commonly used.  
“Dammit Pan, he knows the cameras are there,” I complained.  “He smoked the place out before he even entered.”
I rose quickly from my desk and moved to the door.
“Pandora, initiate lock down, and call the elevator.  I’m heading out to the Elm Street house, send this video feed to my phone.”
“Confirmed.  Elevator is on route and cameras in the garage are clear.”
“Thanks, close sesame,” I said as the door clicked shut behind me.



CHAPTER 3 – Nightmare

(FYI) The name "Silk Road" comes from a historical network of trade routes, started during the Han Dynasty between Europe, India, and China. The main commodity on the ancient route was silk, thus the name.  The website referred to as Silk Road, was operated by "Dread Pirate Roberts".  The name was borrowed from a fictional character in The Princess Bride.  
In February 2013, an Australian drug dealer became the first person to be convicted of crimes related to website, Silk Road, after authorities intercepted drugs he allegedly imported through the mail.  After a search of his premises, they discovered his Silk Road alias in files located on his personal computer. Since then police have begun targeting Silk Road users and making arrests, albeit with limited success at reaching convictions.
On October 2, 2013, Ross William Ulbricht, alleged to be the owner of Silk Road and the person known as "Dread Pirate Roberts," was arrested in San Francisco on suspicion of drug trafficking, soliciting murder, facilitating computer hacking, and money laundering. The FBI seized over 26,000 BTC from accounts on Silk Road website that were reported to be worth over 3 million USD at the time. On October 25, the FBI announced that they had seized 144,000 BTC ($28 million at the time) that they believed belonged to the Dread Pirate Roberts.


Life sucks.  We all know it.  Sometimes you get kicked so hard and fall so far you think you might never get back to where you were before.  That pedestal you put yourself on seems out of reach and you know deep down inside you can’t keep riding the hamster wheel any more.  It’s a breaking point for some and a call to greater things to others.  More often than not people in that kind of situation take the easy way out.  I see it in my line of work all the time.  Suicide by cop, arson, murder, theft, identity theft, drug dealing, smuggling, fraud, tax evasion, and con games... the list goes on and on.  I have learned through countless cases that there is usually one common denominator... money.  People will do anything to get it and I have seen or heard it all.  It can get to you after a time.  Making you feel dirty or ashamed that you are spying on people.  Usually you are left dealing with the people at the bottom of the barrel in the hopes of closing your case.  In the end though, I feel it is worth it, especially when you can help someone like Tom.  It is nice to be able to make a difference once and awhile.
I know what you are thinking, I must be a washed up cop or maybe just a wanna be or never was.  Screw you then.  I am the guy that gets it done.  I might use questionable tactics that would be frowned upon in a court of law, but hey, I get it done when no one else can.  Count on it.
I find it funny that most people look down on my methods.  It’s even funnier when the same ones that mock me come around later asking for my help.   It’s not about the money for me, rather, it’s all about making things right.  I take my fees out of whatever money I recover, but only if I recover at least what the victim has lost.  Usually I charge twenty percent, unless I think you are a pompous ass then the numbers go well north of that.  I’m not saving kittens from burning houses but at the end of the day, I usually feel pretty good about what I do.
At least I normally do, but right now as I look across Elm Street at the small two story house if feel a twinge of annoyance.  I have been sitting in my minivan now for hours, watching endless footage and audio of the suspect’s house.  I use the inconspicuous soccer mom vehicle for most of my stakeouts.  It blends into most places where the S-Class would stick out.  It has a few more trinkets installed than the normal urban hauler including a line of sight laser microphone, a surveillance drone bay, a row of monitors and a number of other interesting goodies.  It’s a regular mobile spy store.
I looked at my monitors and scanned the house.  I have cameras covering every inch of the place and the line-of-sight laser mic picking up the audio from the main floor.   Until tonight, there had not been anyone here since I first setup the gear inside.  
When I first got a whiff of this guy, a few of my informants had pegged this location as a possible lead.  It all happened pretty quickly after I had picked up his scent and from then on I went on the hunt.  This house was being rented by a J.M. Moody.  A little conversation with the landlords revealed a Mr. Moody had rented the house for the full year, prepaying the first and last month’s rent.  The Swanson’s, who were the landlords residing in the house next door, had told me that the renter was a nice young man who was very polite and had told them he was planning on moving in that weekend to attend school here in the fall.  
The problem was that the J.M. Moody who was tied to the address the young man had given was linked to a seventy-year-old grandma from Queens.  Mrs. Moody had hired me after she learned her identity had been stolen several weeks ago.  It seems her internet shopping habits had run into a smooth telephone solicitor and somewhere in the middle of buying silk pajamas for her cat fluffy and a call announcing her winning a cruise to the Bahamas, she had let a little too much information pass to others.  All of her accounts had been compromised and her credit tanked overnight.  For Mrs. Moody, life was already hard and was only getting worse the longer I took to close this case.
I glanced across the street again and then down at my watch.  There was really nothing more I could do from out here.  The smoke I had seen on the cameras early on had cleared up before I had made it out of the office’s parking garage.  There was no sign of the man in black anywhere to be seen.  Whatever clues to the identity thief to be found were going to be in that house.  
So, that’s where I went.  I popped out of the van and crossed the street quickly, looking both ways before heading up the driveway and slipping around to the side door.  The house next to this one was dark and empty, as I knew it would be from my hours of watching.  The Kindles, who lived in there, had just gone out for a night of bowling.  The Swanson’s on the other side of the Moody house had a light on upstairs but no one was moving around inside.  I quietly popped the lock on the side door with my trusty master key lock pick and had the door closed behind me within a minute of leaving the van.
I reached down to pull my Glock from its concealed holster at the small of my back and then began to systematically sweep the house.  My sweep revealed what I had already guessed.  The fake Mr. Moody was nowhere to be found, but he had been there.  I noticed that, along with the furnishings the Swanson’s had decorated the house with, there were several recent additions.  My senses went into overload when I realized someone had been in here before tonight and after I had been in here last.  I tried to get a grip on that as I looked around.  Did the person in the smoke screw up and accidently set of my motion detectors or was there someone else staying here as well too?  Maybe that someone was very adept at bypassing my hidden systems.
A small computer desk was in one of the bedrooms along with several other pieces of technical hardware that were hooked up into the phone and cable lines.  The desk and surrounding workspace was cluttered with random pieces of paper and several large photographs.  I studied the pictures for a long second before my heart jumped up into my throat as I recognized one of the pictures... it was of an old lady with graying hair walking a fat black Basset hound.  The dog’s name was Josie and the elderly woman’s name was Silvia, but usually I just called her mom.
The growing anger was hard to shake off but I was able to control it... barely.  I got down to work and left my rage simmering on the back burner.  There was a job to do and now, an overwhelming desire to find this thief.  The fact that this might possibly be the man responsible for ripping off my mom only urged me to higher levels of patience. I pulled my cellphone from a pocket and documented the area before getting started.  If I did this right, no one would even know I had been here.  
The next step was to lift fingerprints.  Since I didn’t want to leave any trace of this visit, it was best to avoid using the traditional dusting methods.  Taking an aerosol can from my pack, I sprayed down the surfaces with a homemade concoction that after twenty minutes, when it dried out, would be undetectable.
When the first smudges began to appear it became obvious this thief was far from average.  Every surface of the workspace had been wiped clean and there wasn’t a single useable print in the whole mess.  
“Damn.”  I said, leaning back from the desk and sighing in frustration.
Putting on surgical gloves, I started the next phase of the search.  To be honest, I was a bit surprised when the computer booted up from sleep mode as soon as I touched the mouse.  The brilliant blaze of light cast its electric glow across the meager room.  On the screen there was an eBook opened up in a Kindle reader.  The book was called “The List” and it was by an author I had connections with.  
“Mark Hunter?”  
I couldn’t believe my eyes.  For the second time in a very short period of time, I was shocked.  The man was yet another connection to my mom.  
Mark was a neighbor of my mom’s that lived just down the street from her.  In fact, he was the neighborhood handyman and a dog-walking companion of hers.  The coincidence of this setup made the frown lines on my face crease in thought.  
I pulled an USB hard drive from the pack and copied the entire contents of the computer for further examinations at a more secure location.  I also tagged the computer with a small tracer and as one last measure, installed a keystroke recorder that would send every single keystroke to an email address that was setup for just such an occasion.
My cellphone started playing “secret agent man”, the sound startling me in my attempts at stealth.
I had set the ringtone to a specific contact, a little inside joke between me and my good friend Jamie Mason.  Jamie was a childhood friend that worked for the CIA.  Even though we have had our share of rough patches, I consider him my closest friend.  I clicked answer.
“What’s up Jamie?” I asked trying to keep my voice hushed.
“Dunnie, what the hell are you doing?” Jamie’s usually sarcastic voice sounded stern, raising red flags immediately.
“First thing first.  Don’t call me Dunnie.  I’m not that guy anymore,” I whispered into the phone.
“Sorry dude.  I just thought...” Jamie said, getting off track.
“Never mind Jamie, just tell me what you want.  I am in the middle of something.”
“That’s actually what I am calling about,” Jamie said quickly.  “You have about sixty seconds to get out of the house you are currently perusing.”
The one thing I can always count on with Jamie.  He doesn’t bullshit.  Ever.  I ended the call and was out of the house in ten seconds and back in my van in under thirty.  The van was just pulling out of the neighborhood when the first responders flew by.  They were followed by several dark unmarked cars that buzzed past and turned onto Elm.
My cell phone rang again just as I hit the expressway.
“That was pretty close Jamie,” I said as I answered.
“Sorry Rob, I found out about it at the last minute.  They have me running around with my head cut off these days.  I only found out about the move a minute or two before I called.  Oh and by the way, don’t go back to your office.  They have eyes and ears on you now too.”
I don’t usually get hit with a sucker punch.  I can see shit hitting the fan from a mile away and can get my thick skull out of the way in time.  Usually.  This little tidbit hit me hard and totally from out of left field.
“What?”  I said, my tone frosty.
“Look Rob, there is a big push on right now to pick up a big time player.  His name or a least his AKA is Sato.  As of right now you are number one on the suspect list, they have footage of your ugly mug on several traffic cams in more than one location he has been linked to.  Look, I have to go, but you need to know... they are tagging someone with this.  The pressure is on from the top to put this one to bed.  It’s not going to matter to them if it’s a sure thing or not.  As of right now you are just wanted for questioning but once they have you on the hook they don’t like to let go.”
“I got it.  Keep in touch Jamie.”
“I don’t have to remind you not to take a plane do I,” Jamie said but I was glad to hear the sarcasm return to his voice.
I only laughed in response and as I ended the call, I took a few moments to evaluate this trinket of information.  If the CIA was on my butt and wanting to nail me to the cross, they obviously had been coming up as empty as I had in my efforts to find this Sato character.  That combined with my proximity to the case and video traffic cams... I could see where they were coming from.  It just sucked hard that I was finally making progress and there was no way I was letting this bastard get away again.  There was just no telling if the trail will go cold and Sato would go to ground forever.   
Over the course of my life, believe it or not, I have had worse days.  I have learned from those past experiences to be prepare for occasions such as this and have stashed away things I might need in an emergency.  I knew my office, home and favorite hangouts would be compromised.  I had a locker at the safe storage lot down the street from my office and that’s where I headed first.  
It was just as I was pulling into the safe store lot my day got worse.  My phone rang and I looked down to see the number on the screen.  Goosebumps rose on my skin as I read the number.
“Mom?”  I asked as I answered.
“Robbie love... don’t get all worked up, but I am in the hospital.”
Her voice came through the phone soft and humble.  Immediately I knew there was more to her story than she would tell me, but I asked anyway.
“Are you okay?  What happened?”  I asked, automatically thinking the worst.
“I just had a little tumble dear.  Honest, nothing is wrong,” she said quickly with a trace of strength at the edge of her words.
My mom is a tough old bird but I could hear the pain in her voice, I knew she wasn’t telling me the whole truth.
“A little tumble?”  I asked.
“I was out walking Josie and I tripped over her leash.  I was just lucky Mark was there to help.  He called me an ambulance and took care of the dogs.”
“Ambulance?” I parroted in a higher octave then I intended.  “That sounds a little more than a trip Mom.”
“Honey, it was just a precaution.  I was a bit upset after the fall and my blood pressure shot up a bit.  I swear Mark made sure I was alright.”
“Mark... is that the author in the neighborhood?”  I asked even though I knew exactly who he was.
“Yup, that’s him.  He is sooo sweet and you should see Josie and his little Bulldog get on.”
“Look Mom, I am on my way up there as we speak.  It just so happens I have a bit of time off and was planning a little visit anyway.”
“Oh, that would be lovely.  I can’t wait to see you.  Josie misses you so much, you never visit anymore.”
“I know mom, work has been a little crazy lately.  I promise I will make more time.  Look, I have to go.  I will see you soon.”
“Okay dear.  Bye for now.”
We ended the call.
Sometimes timing is everything.  I was going to kill two birds with one stone, Mom needed a bit of a hand taking care of things around the house and I could drop off the CIA’s radar at the same time.  I just needed to pick up a few things before I hit the border.  I made my way over to the far end of the garage style lock ups.  The locker I had on permanent rental was one of the larger ones they offered, and although it was tight, it held my most prized possession, a 2010 black Grand Cherokee SRT.  I had it packed away for a rainy day, and although it didn’t have the same modifications the S- Class had, it would be the perfect ride for a little trip across the border and into Canada.  I dropped a few of my things into the trunk and double-checked my passport.  I had an few spare identities stashed away in case of emergencies but crossing the border in the Jeep with one of them wasn’t really necessary, so I put them back into their own separate locker and moved to switch minivan into the Jeep’s spot.  
The border crossing was smooth and easy.  The Canadian customs guards scanned my passport before I left, wishing me a great trip.  Of course, they asked the standard questions, any guns, smokes or alcohol.  I didn’t bring any weapons aside from a few of the smaller tech gizmos I had in my packs.  None of them looked much like weapons even if the customs agents decided to peak into my bags.  The hospital was only a few minutes from the border crossing so I made it my first stop.

I hate hospitals.  I always have and I always will.  If it wasn’t for my mom, there was no way you would catch me in one.  I don’t care if I am dying.  I don’t know if it’s the smell or the sterile decorations and the zombie-like patrons.  But as I walked down the hallway heading to my mom’s room, I had a slight change of perspective.  A group of nurses were clustered around their workstation and one of them caught my eye immediately.  A tall curvy red head smiled widely at me as I passed and I just had to pause and chat.
“Hi, is there anything I can help you with?”  She purred.  
The honey in her voice was both sexy and comical at the same time.
“Sure, I am here to see my Mom, Sylvia Dunhill,” I told her, putting my best smile on my face. “My name is Rob Dunhill.”
The nurse nodded and gave me a subtle once over.
“Mrs. Dunhill is in 403, I was just heading that way, I will show you the way.  My name is Tonya.  I am your mom’s nurse today.”
I nodded my agreement and followed the nurse down the hall.  I took a brief moment to admire the way her hips swayed as she walked and my smile widened.
“How is she doing?” I asked as I hurried my steps to walk side by side with her.
“Mrs. Dunhill is doing well.  She is quite the firecracker.  The doctors were just in earlier this morning and they said they want to keep her for a while longer.”
“What?”  I asked, an edge of tension easing into my voice.  
I struggled to control my emotions and asked, “I thought she had a fainting spell?  What else is wrong?”
The nurse stopped just outside 403 and put her soft warm hand on my elbow.  “Rob, I don’t know what your mom has been telling you but she isn’t in very good shape right now.  The doctors are running some tests but they are concerned about her blood pressure, and unless they can get it stabilized, she could be in here for a spell.”
Tonya patted my arm and gave me a wide smile, her green eyes warm and full of understanding and sympathy.  
“Come see me if you have any questions after you talk to her.  I am here to help,” she said, giving me a little wink as she turned away.
I caught myself watching the nurse walk away.  
“Robbie is that you I hear out there?” a voice called from within the room.
My mom always had a way of knowing when I was up to no good, a kind of sixth sense I had learned to fear growing up.
“Hey Mom,” I said as I entered the small room.
My mom looked good.  If it wasn’t for the hospital gown and the suffocating white room, I could imagine her just waking up from a nap.
“Robbie, you shouldn’t have come,” she said pulling me into a hug as I neared the bed.  “But I am glad you did.”
“As if you could keep me away,” I said, pulling back from her embrace.
She crossed her arms and gave me a glare but it evaporated quickly, leaving a small smile on her face.  Of course, if she insisted, I think she might just be able to keep me away.  I didn’t say anything though, she has a big enough head as it is.
“Tonya, your nurse, was just telling me what the doctors are saying about your blood pressure,” I said, crossing my arms and watching her carefully.
The cheery look she was sporting dropped from her face and the weight of her years seemed to settle on her shoulders all at once.  It was rather alarming watching the change come over her.
“Robbie, I don’t want you worrying about all this.  I am fine, I swear it.  I am just a bit under the weather right now.  To be honest, I did need you to come and I also wanted you to take care of Josie while you are staying at the house.”
“You said something about Mark... he was the one that called the ambulance.”
“Yes, such a sweetheart that man is.  Josie and I see him and his little Bulldog Pluto every morning on our walks.  Mark is the neighborhood Mr. Fixit.  He has always been quick to help a person in need.  Did I ever tell you he is an author?  I have several of his books, all signed and everything.  He even gives me advanced copies of his books to beta read.”
“So, Josie is with him right now?”  I asked wondering about the floppy eared Basset hound.
“Yes, I will tell him to bring her by the house later tonight.  I want you to keep up with our morning walks too.  Josie needs to keep a certain schedule or she gets testy,” she warned in her gruff commanding tone.
“I can do that mom.  You just worry about getting better.”
She nodded her head and cozied up deeper into her blankets.
“I need to get a bit of sleep now Robbie.  I don’t want you fretting about me too much, I am just glad you are in town.  Make yourself comfortable in the house.  I will call you if I need anything.”
“Okay Mom, get some sleep.  I will call you tomorrow.”

CHAPTER 4 – Windsor

(FYI) A new anonymous Internet marketplace for illegal drugs recently  debuted, with the same name as the Silk Road website shut down by FBI enforcement authorities less than a month ago.  The new Silk Road listed hundreds of advertisements for marijuana, cocaine, ecstasy and other illegal drugs available from independent sellers using the virtual Bitcoin currency.
The FBI declined to comment on the new version of the Silk Road. For more than two years, the original site acted like an eBay for Black Market goods, allowing users to buy and sell illegal goods and services on the web. Deliveries were made through the mail in discrete packages.
The charges against Ulbricht claimed the original Silk Road generated sales of more than 9.5 million Bitcoins or roughly equivalent to $1.2 billion USD.
The newest incarnation of the Silk Road is said to improve on technology from the previous Silk Road website used to keep account holder’s identities secret. One of the new features includes measures to keep users from losing their Bitcoins in case the site is forcibly shut down again.  A “new” Dread Pirate Roberts runs this new version of the Silk Road.


It had been two weeks since my arrival in Windsor.  My mom was still on the mend in the hospital with fluctuating low blood pressure.  I made it a point to get into the hospital to see her every few days but the stubborn old lady usually chased me out of the room minutes after my arrival.  I knew she liked me stopping in, even though she told me not to bother with her and live my life.  That woman knew best why I hated and dreaded ever stepping into any hospital for any reason.  I really did appreciate the fact she chased me out every single time.  
Meanwhile I continued Josie’s morning walks with Pluto and I made quick inroads into an easy friendship with Mr. Hunter.  I have to admit as I got to know the man, I liked him.  He was down to earth and laid back.  In fact, he was so easy to get along with I had almost forgotten why I had come up north...almost. 

The sun was just cresting the horizon as the Basset hound plodded down the sidewalk.  The dew glistened on the tidy green lawns as the unlikely pair made their way through the quiet Canadian subdivision.  Because of my tall six-foot frame, I had to check my stride every so often to avoid tripping over the meandering hound as it ran its nose back and forth against the cement, checking for that ever-elusive scent.  It was that scent that carried us forward into the dawn.  Josie, the Basset hound let out a deep woof and began pulling hard on the leash as they neared the end of the block.  The dog’s tail began to wag viciously as it came to a stop at the curb.  Josie let out a slightly longer woof as she sat down on the sidewalk, staring at the house directly across from our stopping point.  I reached down a well-tanned hand and patted the dog.
“Shhh, Josie,” I said gently.  “They’re coming, they’re coming.”
I let my eyes wander over to gaze at the red-bricked house across the street.  It was a nice looking sprawling ranch house with a doublewide driveway.  I felt my eyes lingering on a recent edition to the driveway, a sleek black SRT viper.  The glossy black paint seemed to absorb the rising sunshine as I admired its curved figure and fat tires.
“Morning Rob,” a man called as he exited the residence on the heels of a charging English Bulldog.
“Hey Mark,” I called in greeting as Pluto, the Bulldog, crashed chest first into Josie.
The dogs each gave their morning salutations and sniffing as Mark walked up and snapped a leash onto Pluto.  As the leash clicked on, the dogs began to settle down, although just slightly, as the walking commenced.
“Nice Viper,” I commented, trying hard not to grin too wide at my neighbor.  “What happened to the Jeep?  I thought you loved that thing?”
“Oh, I still got the Jeep,” Mark said with a shrug.  “With the wife and kids out of town, I thought I would treat myself.  I found an ad offering the car as a loaner in exchange for a few Bitcoins.  I traded three coins for a week in this thing.”
They continued following the tails of the animals in front of them as I pondered the trade.
I finally smiled and nodded as the process clicked in. 
“You did that with some of those imaginary Bitcoin things?”  
“Yup,” Mark agreed.  “There is a guy just a few blocks over.  He had an ad up on Craigslist.  He wanted a little change of pace and when he saw a pic of my little monster, he dove in.  He knocked two coins off the price if I gave him the Jeep for a week.”
I shrugged my shoulders, not knowing the value of the odd virtual currency known as Bitcoin.
Mark caught on right away, eager to share his knowledge.
“The Bitcoins are trading at $120 bucks a coin.  My bank is practically skyrocketing.”
“But it’s not real money,” I teased, knowing that statement would wind the guy up.  
Mark, for his part, didn’t take the bait but continued to stroll in the wake of his rather fat Bulldog.  I smiled to myself as we continued to walk in silence and wasn’t surprised when Mark changed the topic.
“So how’s your mom?”  He asked.
“She’s doing better, the Doc said she will be out of the hospital in a week or so.  They want to keep an eye on her otherwise she would be home already.”
“That’s good, it would suck not getting to spend a little time with her before your vacation time is up.”
“Morning boys,” a woman called as she jogged by on the sidewalk behind them.
“Hey Julia,” We said in unison as we turned to watch the woman in tight black shorts and halter top run by.  
Julia was one of Mark’s neighbors, and the woman was stunning.  I continued to watch her perfect form as she continued down the path.  A polite cough from Mark brought me back to the real world.
“I could get used to this cold Canadian climate,” I said with a laugh.
Mark agreed with a nod and said, “Julia is a great girl, she’s had it rough the last couple years.  There were a couple shitty boyfriends and a run of dead end jobs.  I think she is finally back on track and doing good for herself.”
 
I immediately began to identify with her.  A few years ago, I was in the same boat, it was only recently that I found a kind of acceptance with the world.  It was right around that time I started my private investigations gig.  
“Oh and she’s been asking about you,” Mark added with a sly wink.
I turned to look Mark in the eyes and waited.
“I told her you were single and in town for a few weeks,” he explained.  “I tell you Rob, her face just lit up right about then.  Do you want me to set you two up?”
I considered Mark’s offer for a minute.  Although it would be nice to get a relationship going while on vacation, it really wasn’t my style.  I knew from experience long distance relationships don’t work.  
I saw Mark was still waiting for my response so I gave him a non-committal shrug and said, “Maybe, I’m still not sure how much longer I’m going to be in town.”
A look of disbelief clouded his face and I wondered if Mr. Hunter might have a crush of his own on our jogger friend.  To avoid the uncomfortable silence, I changed the subject.  
“I really need to thank you for taking care of my mom and Josie here.  You know she is pretty fond of you.”
“Don’t even think about it.  Anyone would have done the same.  Your mom is good people.”  
Just then, the dogs ran by and Josie stopped in front of Mark, begging for one of the dog treats he kept in his pockets.  After feeding the dogs a few of the tasty treats he patted the Basset hound and added, “and I care about you too Josie.”  
Mark looked up from the dog and asked, “So how long are you going to be in town anyway?  Your mom said something about you taking an extended vacation.”
“Ya, I run my own private investigation business back in DC.  I guess I was feeling a bit burned out and we had a bit of a lull in clients.”
“Well, I have to say your timing was spot on.  Josie there would have been pissed, not getting out with Pluto for their morning stroll.”
I let out a chuckle of agreement as the pair of dogs chased each other around the park, barking and carrying on like a pair of puppies.
The two men took a spot on a nearby bench to wait out the dog’s playtime.  However, it wasn’t very long before a rumbling noise brought their heads up.  A rather noisy FedEx truck was making its way down the street.
“Damn, it’s early,” Mark said as he jumped to his feet.  “Hey Rob, you mind bringing Pluto back when they’re done?  I gotta go grab that, it’s going to need a signature.”
I looked down the street to see the FedEx truck pulling up to Mark’s house.  I waved my newfound friend on and then held out a hand for the leash.  Gratefully Mark dropped the leash into my hand and took off back to his house.
“Thanks!”  He called over his shoulder.   “I’ll leave the door open, just bring Pluto in, I’ll have some coffee waiting.”
Mark charged off down the street and managed to beat the FedEx guy to the door.  There, he signed for and accepted a large white box.  I watched as he disappeared into the house in a dead run.
“Curious,” I muttered to myself as I noted Mark’s peculiar abruptness.   Normally Mark was laidback and took everything at a much slower pace.   My gaze wandered over to the English Bulldog, who seemed to be unperturbed by its owner’s absence.  The FedEx truck had just started away when another parcel carrier came by, this time it was a UPS truck that pulled up to Mark’s house.
“Very curious indeed.”   
This might have been a vacation and while it was fun taking care of my mother’s dog, I had to remind myself my quest.  It was past time to get to the bottom of things with Mark.  Mark seemed to be a good guy and I enjoyed the morning walks with the aspiring author but so far, there had been nothing about the man that seemed out of the ordinary since we had first met.  Mark’s wife and kids were great and I had a few dinners in their company since arriving in Windsor before they had gone on their summer vacation.  
Something had changed since then though.   Little things, maybe, but they had been adding up over the last couple of weeks.  At first, I thought it was my imagination but now, with that Viper in the driveway and multiple parcels coming in daily, I wasn’t so sure.  I had to think about it from several different angles but I always kept coming back to the same thought.  Everything had changed after Mark had published his new book.  That book was the same one I had seen on the computer of the Elm Street house.    Mark had told me it was only available as an EBook on Amazon and had been published just over two weeks ago. I considered Mark’s words and his use of the Bitcoin currency.  There were just too many unanswered questions right now.  I needed more information.   I let an anguished sigh past my lips.  It looked like my vacation was over.  Maybe it was time to look into this friend’s project a little more closely.

CHAPTER 5 – Drinking with the boys

(FYI) E-Wallets - Like in real life, your wallet must be kept safe.  Bitcoins make it possible to transfer value to and from anywhere in the world in a very easy way, but like any monetary system it also comes with security concerns.  Bitcoin can provide high levels of security if used correctly.  Always remember that it is your responsibility to adopt good practices in order to protect your money as you would your physical wallet.
A Bitcoin e-wallet is like a wallet with cash.  If you wouldn't keep a thousand dollars in your pocket, you might want to have the same consideration for your Bitcoin wallet.  In general, it is a good practice to keep only small amounts of Bitcoins in a “chequeing” account for everyday use and to keep the remaining part of your funds in a “savings” account in a much safer environment (offline).
You can also make use of security features like two-factor authentication to help increase the security of your accounts.  Another suggestion is to also backup your wallet to protect yourself against computer failures and other human mistakes.  It can also allow you to recover your wallet if your mobile phone or computer is lost or stolen.  

I let the dogs get their exercise for the day for the next few minutes, all the while keeping an eye on Mark’s house.  I knew I was going to have to get into his house eventually to root around and there was really no reason to put it off much longer.  Mark was pretty laid back and easy going so it had been really easy to get to know him and get my foot in the door so to speak.   The easiest way to bond with the man even further would be over a few drinks.  As I wrangled up the animals, I was forming a plan in my mind.  I let the dogs drag me down the street and past the UPS truck that was just now speeding away.  Pluto was huffing and snorting by the time we made it to the front door.  As Mark had promised, it had been left open for us.  I pushed the door open and let the two dogs off their leashes.  The dogs promptly charged through the house disappearing downstairs.
“Hey Mark, we’re back,” I called into the house, as if I needed to announce my presence after the dog stampede.
“Okay, I put some coffee on,” he called, his voice coming from somewhere deeper in the house.  “The machine is in the kitchen.  I will just be a few minutes I had to set a few things up for later tonight.”
I made my way into the kitchen and made myself busy readying the coffee.  I sat down at the table with my cup and waited for Mark to finish up.  The kitchen and house were tastefully decorated with modern touches and stainless steel appliances.  Oak flooring and tall ceilings made a big impression when you first entered the house but overall the house seemed appropriate for an average middle class Canadian family.  Nothing so far had looked out of place for the salary Mark had claimed on his income tax for the last five years.  Yes, I had run a bit of a background check on the man before I started stalking him in person.  Well, that is except for the brand new shiny Viper out in the driveway, depending on if it was his or not and I still wasn’t sure about that.  I had to make a mental note to take down the license plate number and run the plates to see if Mark’s Bitcoin story held any water.  
My eyebrows twisted together as a hint of a memory tried to press its way into my conscious thoughts.  It was something to do with Bitcoins.   I had run into that word somewhere before meeting Mark but I really couldn’t place where I had heard it.  Just then, Mark walked into the room.
I sipped on my coffee as he made his own cup and then sat down at the table with me.  His demeanor had shifted since leaving me in the park and I could see a visible change in his emotions.  He was now more sullen and even seemed a touch depressed. 
“Anything I can help you with?”  I asked trying to lighten his mood.
Mark looked up from his cup of Joe and gave me a halfhearted smile.
“Na, things are just a bit crazy with work right now,” he said, rolling the coffee cup’s bottom around on the table.  “I started a new project a few weeks ago and it has gone a bit off the rails.”
“You’re a writer.” I confirmed.  
“Ya, I have a few books up on Amazon, mostly eBooks but a few paperbacks as well.”
“So what’s the problem?  Writers block?  Or are you on a deadline of sorts?”
Mark shrugged his shoulders and sipped on his coffee before answering.
“No nothing like that.  I am my own boss, the only pressure I have is what I put on my own shoulders.”
I sat patiently waiting, silently sipping my coffee.  One thing I have learned after countless hours of interviewing clients and potential victims was that an appropriate stretch of silence could make most people fill the uncomfortable gap in conversation with details they might not normally contribute.  As I waited, my patience was rewarded.
“It’s just a new project I got going,” Mark said as he put his cup down.  “I usually just stick to writing but I have expanded the reach of the book into the digital world.  It has grown in leaps and bounds before I had even a basic understanding of what was even going on.  It has its tendrils in social media and has even reached farther into the web and made its way into mainstream economical areas.”
I put a dumbfounded look on my face, letting my eyes and cheeks go slack while nodding my obvious confusion.  Mark continued, grasping the deer in headlights look I was expressing.
“The book I am promoting right now is a standard detective novel but it involves Bitcoins and a secret list that actually exists online.”
“Anyway, I just got a package with a set of specific instructions.  I have to make a delivery later tonight at a bar in town.  I guess it has me a little on edge.  I don’t really want to get into the details of it right now.  It can get a bit confusing.”
I put my coffee down and let a smile wash over my face.  This was just the opportunity I was looking for.  The mention of Bitcoin had also finally triggered the memory I had been searching for.  A certain identity thief I had recently introduced to local authorities had been spewing venom at me just a few weeks ago.  In the course of his outrage, he had mentioned a missing coin... a Bitcoin if I remembered correctly.  I was pretty sure I had brought that golden coin with me on my impromptu vacation and maybe Mark could look at it and give me his thoughts on it.
“If you want, I could keep you company,” I volunteered.  “I could use a beer or two, maybe take the edge off a bit.”
Mark smiled and seemed to instantly perk up.
“That would be great.  I have to head down there around eight.  Is that okay?  I can drive,” he added quickly.
I agreed and nodded to confirm it as I stood up from the table.  Josie’s wrinkled mass seemed to appear out of nowhere with Pluto on her heels.
I patted both the dogs and then attached Josie’s leash.  
“Okay Mark, see you tonight.”

The Viper had heads turning even before it was visible to the patio patrons of Johnny Shots.  Its unearthly rumble echoed off the nearby buildings, announcing our arrival before the sleek car turned into the paved parking lot of the bar.  Mark slid the long car into an open spot and hopped out.  I followed on his heels as we made our way onto the wooden patio deck and into an open booth.  A waiter stopped by as we took our seats.  The over worked and obviously bored man took our orders and within a few minutes, we had a frosty pitcher of amber draft complete with mugs on our table.  Mark poured out the golden juice and we lifted our mugs in a silent cheer.  The beer was cold and delicious as it slid down my throat.  I savored the Canadian alcohol as I watched Mark taste his drink and set his mug down.   He was still on edge and busy eye balling the other patrons on the deck.  I continued to sip on my beer letting the silence do its work again.  It took a bit longer than the last time but Mark began to fill the silence, this time with mindless chatter.
“The guy I am supposed to meet isn’t here yet,” he told me.  
I looked around at the other patrons out enjoying the warm evening weather with us on the patio.  None of them were particularly interesting, a mix of youthful exuberance and mid-life cougars warming up for a night of dancing.
“Not that I am complaining, I like the scenery, but why have your meeting here?” I said and gave him a grin.
Mark took a long sip of beer before he answered.
“It’s safer this way,” he explained.  “I was told to pick a public place that has a decent amount of people this time of night.  I come here once in a while to play pool, so I knew it would fit the bill.”
I leaned forward toward him and lowered my voice.  There were little things about the whole situation that were beginning to raise red flags for me.
“What have you gotten yourself into Mark?”
He raised his hands in a defensive motion and sat back in his chair.
“Hey man, don’t get the wrong idea, this isn’t a drug deal or anything.  I just don’t want these guys around the house... or even in the neighborhood.  I met a couple of them already a few nights ago.  They didn’t do or say anything wrong, but... you will see when we meet them.  They are a bit rough around the edges.”
I nodded my head as I listened and then picked up my mug as I thought how I should respond.  
I put the mug down slowly and said, “It doesn’t really matter to me, I deal with dead beats and criminals on a daily basis.  Whatever you have gotten yourself into, I owe you one for helping out my mom.  You don’t have to explain anything to me unless you want my advice.  I haven’t told you much about my work, but let me just say I know my way around any situation.”
“Thanks Robert.  I haven’t done anything like this before and... well... it’s all a bit crazy.  This deal is a big break for my project and if it goes down the way I hope, it will make it a complete success.”
Just as he finished speaking, a loud rumble could be heard in the distance.  The rumbling turned out to be three black Harley Davidson motorcycles.  The black bikes roared into the parking lot and disappeared around the side of the building.  I noticed the rather large men on the bikes looking our way as they passed.  Mark nodded at them as they went by and he picked up his beer to drain it down.
“Showtime,” he said and stood up.
I stood as well and we made our way off the patio deck and followed the parking lot around the side of the bar.  The bikers had parked their Harley’s and were patiently waiting our arrival.  I didn’t see any obvious signs of weapons but I was sure there was a good chance one, if not all three of them had a gun.  I felt a little naked without my own piece tucked away in its holster.  But at least their guns weren’t out in plain sight.  It would give me a bit of time to make a move if I needed to.
 We walked right up to the bearded, leather clad men and waited.
The bikers just looked at us and I was pretty sure I saw the fatter one sneer a bit.  I felt it was a sure bet that we weren’t all going to be sticking around for beers after our little meeting was over.
Our little pow-wow was going just wonderfully when a fourth man walked up behind the bikers.  The new guy was almost as large as the bikers were but without their thick beards and dead eyes.  The man smiled at Mark and held out his hand.  Mark stepped closer and shook it.  He was a tall man, thick and heavy through the chest that threatened to tear the expensive black suit he was wearing.  Long greasy hair was combed straight back from his well-tanned big-nosed face.   I could only attach so many stereotypes to the man before you would able to classify him as a true Mafioso.  Well maybe not.
“Thank you for meeting me on such short notice,” The man said.
“No problem, I have what you requested.  The package just came in today.”  Mark said in a low strong voice.  
It was good that he wasn’t betraying any of his earlier shakiness.  Not that the bikers would care.  I took a couple of steps to the side trying to keep Mark and the other man in my sight lines.  I could tell that the bikers were strictly there for show, and if they were anything like the other bikers I had dealings with in the past, would resort to physical violence quickly if provoked.
“Excellent, excellent,” The Italian said as Mark pulled an envelope from his back pocket.  
I watched the bikers stiffen when Mark reached for the envelope but they relaxed visibly as the white envelope was produced.  It seemed like Mark wasn’t the only person on edge after all.  The man in the black suit accepted the envelope and peeked inside.
“Ah, that is perfect,” he said and then pulled out a black cellphone.
He paused for a moment before pushing a button on the screen and then nodding at Mark.
“Our agreed price has been forwarded to the account you provided earlier,” he told Mark.
Mark thanked the man and then pulled out his own cellphone and checked the screen.
“Okay we are all set, the coins just showed up,” Mark confirmed.
The man in the suit nodded and turned away, slipping a different envelope to one of the bikers as he passed.  I thought I heard something in the envelope jingle as it was passed over, but I wasn’t sure.
Mark turned from the men and together we headed back to our seats on the patio.  Our pitcher of beer was still waiting for us as we sat down.  Mark let a sigh escape from his lips as he poured two fresh mugs for us.
As we sipped our drinks, the bikers pulled out of the parking lot and roared away.  I wasn’t sure where the man in the suit was but I was pretty sure that he wasn’t going to be going out the same way.  
“Well, that went a lot better than I thought it would,” Mark said with just a bit more enthusiasm than he had shown before the meeting.
Mark finished off his beer in several large gulps and then poured himself another.
He slid his phone out again and checked the screen.  It was then that his smile seemed to erupt from his face.  He dropped the phone on the table and waved over the waiter.  
“Hey bring us another pitcher, and a couple of steaks,” he told him.  “Oh, and how about a round of tequila shots too.
The waiter moved off to fill the order and Mark grinned at me.  
“I hope you are hungry, I have the sudden urge to celebrate a bit and you’re coming along for the ride.”
“Sounds like a plan,” I said as the waiter dropped off our drinks.
Our steaks came and went while our minds got all fuzzy on beer and tequila.
My phone buzzed and began playing “secret agent man”.  I pulled it out and answered.
“What’s up Jamie?”
“I got that information you wanted about that license plate.  It looks like it’s all legit.  I did a bit of background checking and some other technical wizardry that would bore you.  The bottom line is the deal looks like it’s on the up and up.”
“That’s good to hear,” I said, slurring a little into the phone.
“Sounds like you’re having a good time on your vacation,” Jamie said with a laugh.
“Yup, things have been looking up lately.  I think I was over do for this.”
“That’s good to hear Dunnie.  But you have much bigger problems.  The boys upstairs have turned a few extra eyes on you.  They don’t have a bead on you yet but it won’t take them long.  You need to drop off the grid for a bit.  Lay low and don’t even think about touching your bank accounts for the time being.”
“Off the grid?”  I complained.
Jamie was a smart guy and I really didn’t need him to specify which bank accounts he was talking about.  
“Yeah and don’t forget to kill the battery on your phone the first chance you get.  I gotta go, keep in touch.”
Jamie cut the connection before I could thank him and I changed my phone’s settings so that the battery would drain as quickly as possible.
I caught Mark watching me with a small grin on his face.
“Problems at work?” he guessed.
“Things have gone a bit sideways with a project I have been working on.  The situation is heating up and I need to stay off a few radars.  I’ve got a few important people pissed off at me it seems.”
“So far I think you are pretty decent guy,” Mark told me.  “I think I can help you out a little.”
“How so?” I ventured.
“The project I am working on... a large part of it lets a person live an active life outside the traditional economic system.  Everything is tied to that techno currency, Bitcoin that I mentioned before.  Thousands of dollars can be spent, traded or exchanged instantly with computers, in online forums or through a smartphone.  There is even a few select places in the world you can access the Bitcoins via ATM.”
There was that word again, Bitcoin.  It was then I remembered the golden coin I had brought along to show Mark.  I pulled it out and slid it across the table toward him.  The breath caught in his throat as he eyed the coin.
“May I?”  He asked as he lifted the gold coin up to inspect it.  “Well it looks like you are already into the Bitcoin scene.
“Actually, I’m not.  I found that on one of my jobs.  I have no idea what it is or what it does.  By the sound of it though, it’s was pretty important to its previous owner.”
“Maybe.  It might... hmmm,” Mark said mumbling to himself as he twisted the coin in his hands.  
The gold coin twisted apart into two separate pieces, each one with a series of numbers and letters engraved into their surfaces.  Mark pointed at the engravings.
“This is a 24k gold Bitcoin.  The first set of numbers is the account, and the other side is, or should be, the account’s password.”
He twisted the coin back together and handed it over to me.
“Bring that coin by my place tomorrow and we can find out what is in that account.  I can help you get all set up and show you the ropes if you want a little Bitcoin tutorial.”
I agreed and lifted one of the two remaining tequila shots into the air.  Mark grabbed the last shot and raised it to mine.  From there on, the rest of the night turned into a blur.

CHAPTER 6 – Inside Tech

(FYI)  Through various online exchanges, Bitcoins are bought and sold at a variable price against the value of other currency.  Over the course of the last few years, Bitcoin has appreciated rapidly in relation to other currencies including the US dollar, Euro, and British pound. 
In May 2013, a single Bitcoin was trading at $125 USD.  Taking into account the total number of Bitcoins mined, the value of the entire supply of coins on the Bitcoin network at the time was over $1.4 billion USD. 

I woke up in the morning to Josie bouncing on the bed and howling in my face.  It took a few minutes for her pressing need to claw through the thick fog obscuring my brain.  I managed to stumble out of my bed and down to the patio door to let the dog out.  Josie gave me several huffs as she passed through the door and out into the backyard.  I shut the door and tried to shake off the alcoholic fuzz of the previous night.   I made myself a pot of coffee and a bagel before I crashed on the couch and turned on the TV.  I was wasting away on the couch recovering my strength when the house phone rang.
“Hello?” I croaked into the phone.
“Thank god I finally got ahold of you Mr. Dunhill.  You had me worried when you didn’t show up for work yesterday,” Mandy said with relief.
“Mandy?”  I asked trying to figure out how my secretary had gotten this number.
I had never shared this number or even my mom’s address with anyone.  To top it off, the number was unlisted.  A slight buzzing noise in my head told me Mandy was still talking on the other end of the line, interrupting my thoughts. 
“I just thought you might be sick and I just wanted to see if we were still on for our dinner date tonight,” she said, even adding a slight range of emotion to her normally cold tone.
Mandy’s mention of a dinner date got my attention at last and my brain finally sparked to life.  Mandy must be at the office and Pandora must have re-routed the call from my now dead cell phone to this one.  I picked up on her hints and filled in the blanks.  Someone was in the office and looking for me.  Going for dinner was the signal that it was someone serious but that could be any one of a dozen people.  I considered the list of people that might find their way to me but I crossed most of them off when I realized Mandy wasn’t screaming or being threatened with dismemberment.  My guess was that the CIA had finally made a house call.
“I had a few errands to do and misplaced my cellphone along the way.”  I explained casually.  “I’m sorry I forgot to call in, I was kinda bitter about forgetting my phone.”
“And dinner?” she asked.
“Just name the place and the time,” I told her.
“How about Sago’s for 5?” she asked tentatively.  
“Sounds great, I will meet you there.  I have to let you go, I’m on a stake out right now.”
“Okay Rob, cya tonight,” she said and ended the call.
I looked at the phone in my hand and debated my next steps.  If the suits were already questioning Mandy it didn’t take a rocket scientist to figure out I would see them in this neighborhood sooner or later.  So I placed a call to my best friend, Jamie Mason.  It was a risk to ask Jamie about any active cases but he seemed not to mind helping me out so far.  The man knew how to cover his tracks but I knew he would only bend the rules so far for me.  Still, I needed to get a feel for the wolves who  were circling my door looking for my scent.
I dialed his cellphone and waited for him to pick up.
“Mason,” he answered.
“You still owe me Jamie, but I could be convinced to cross one of those favors off the list, your last phone call had good timing.
“Hey Rob, great to hear your voice,” Jamie said with his usual mirth.  “How deep is the snow up there in Canada?”
“Jamie, you are the smartest dumbass I know. You know goddamn well there isn’t any snow in Windsor right now, its fricken July.”
Jamie just chuckled and asked, “So what’s up Rob, you only call me when you get stumped on a case or you forget the password to your computer. 
“Damn you’re funny,” I said with a small laugh.  “I must be getting old because every time I talk to you I keep forgetting you’re a fricken comedian,” I paused a second before continuing, Jamie was smart and sarcastic but he valued efficiency more than anything.  So I got right down to the point of my phone call.  
“But as usual you’re pretty damn accurate,” I told him with a sigh.  “I’ve got a couple things I’m working on.  I need a bit of a hand with the Sato case and I need to know how close the suits are to crossing the border to come get me.”  
“As of right now there is nothing to worry about with the CIA.  They just want you for questioning.  They have a case file open with your name at the top of the list.  I have been keeping an eye on the situation and will let you know... discreetly... if they are going to make a move.  So far, though you are keeping off the radar and as far as I know, they don’t know where you went.  The last thing I heard was they were planning on staking out your office and had warrants’ executed to monitor your phones.”
I paused a moment before I asked, “Is there anything in that Sato file I don’t already know?  I am kinda stuck.”  
“I haven’t had the chance to go through it completely, but I didn’t see anything that would help you track him down.”  Mark said.
My thoughts went to the gold coin I had found and that lead the old thought train back around to Mark and the reason I was in town.  I needed more information and a way to earn his trust.
“Okay I have another question for you buddy.  I think it is something your elite skills can manage, Mr. Techno gadget man.”
“Stop Rob, your making my ears bleed.   Just say ‘leet and leave it at that.  So whatcha got for me?”
“Bitcoins, what can you tell me?”
“Dude, you’re in luck, you are talking to the right man.  I got a couple fingers in the chain already and a little bank growing as we speak.  I tasked an old gpu to mine a year ago and have a couple wallets in cold storage.”
I closed my eyes and pinched the bridge of my nose as I listened.  With a groan, I stopped him.  
“Jamie, just pretend I don’t know jack about these coins.  Dumb it down for me, right from the beginning.”
Jamie didn’t even skip a beat, he was used to breaking it down for me. 
“Sure, it’s pretty simple,” he said.  “Bitcoin is a virtual currency that is based on a cryptographic protocol, it is independent of any centralize authority or government.  Basically speaking, there are no Banks that back it and no one that really controls it.  It has no real value except that which people place into it.”
I tapped my chin as his listened and tried to think.
“So how do you make them?”  I asked. 
“Well, the easiest way is to mine them.  There are different setups you can use or you can become part of a group effort.”
“Mine?  I thought you said it was virtual?”
“I did, it is.  When I say mine, I mean there is a software program you can put on your computer or smartphone that will do a bit of virtual mining.  People pay some pretty big bucks to get the top of the line miners running.  There have been a few cases that we have run into where hackers take over entire networks and put the computers to work for them mining these coins.”
“Hmmm...  How else can you make this money?” I asked. 
I knew the term Bitcoin now quite well but I had never really done any research on the matter.  It was all rather intriguing.  
“Well, there is a limited supply, which raises the value of the coins.  The computers are limited by the program that mines it and as the mining progresses, fewer and fewer coins will be created.  I believe the exact number of coins to be uncovered will be around 21 million.  It will take until the year 2140 before there will be no more coins left to find.  Oh, and just because it’s called a coin doesn’t really apply to its use.  Each coin can be subdivided down to eight decimal points.  That forms another 100 million smaller units whose value depends on the trading value of the Bitcoin or BTC.
“Ok so I kind of understand the mining thing, but if you aren’t a miner how do you get the coins?”
“Oh, that’s easy.  You can buy them for cash.  There are tons of exchanges all across the internet, you can attach your credit card or even your bank account and just transfer the money.  On top of that, you can sell your crap on Craigslist for the coins too.”
My ears prickled at the mention of Craigslist, thinking back to that shiny black Viper down the street.
“Just how much money are we talking about... in general?”
“I guess it depends on who you are talking about.   The average user or the one percenters.”
“One percenters?” I asked.
“Ya, you know... the richest of the rich,” Jamie said.  “For the most part, it is the early adopters that hold the most coin but lately there has been a crap load of commodity traders getting into the action.  They see the coin as a more stable investment than our current banking infrastructure.”
“Really?  I thought it was volatile and fluctuated like mad?”
“It is rather volatile,” Jamie agreed.  “But the way the system is designed, so far it looks foolproof.  It is secure and as long as its users place value on it, it will continue to exist.” 
“So back to the question of value, give me some numbers.”
I could hear Jamie’s mental gears start spinning and after a few seconds, he gave me an answer.  
“Ok, let’s go high value.  At its highest point so far the Bitcoin was worth $250 each.  Right now, there are 11 million coins in circulation.  That would be about $2,750,000,000.”
I felt my jaw drop as I tried to comprehend the enormity of what I was hearing.  “Almost three billion dollars?  Holy crap.”
“Ya, that was at its highest.  Currently it is worth about $120 USD.  That would be a bit less, around 1.3 billion.”
“What about single accounts and is there any way to track a specific account?”  I had some possibilities running through my mind but I needed more information.   
“There are some investors such as the twins that originally did the Facebook thing, they have about 11 million.  As for the others, it’s hard to say, most people have multiple accounts.   It looks like there are about 250 or more wallets that have a least a million dollars’ worth of coins tucked away.  Each transaction made to the chain is visible to anyone.  You can also see the number of Bitcoins in any given wallet although you would never know who owns that wallet.  You also wouldn’t be able to access the money in it without the proper passwords.”
“Wallet?”
“E-wallet more specifically.”  Jamie said patiently.  “It’s where you hold all your accounts, the recent transactions and receiving account numbers.”
“Okay Jamie, you gave me some good stuff.  Let me run it through a couple scenarios. I will give you a shout back if I need some more info.”
“Whatever you need dude, I still owe you for July.  I just want you to know I won’t forget everything you did for me.”
“Jamie buddy, the last thing I ever want to think or even talk about is that cluster fuck of an operation.  Thanks Jamie,” I said and hung up.

The phone rang again seconds after I put the phone down.
“Hello?”
“Hello, is this Mr. Dunhill?”  A soft woman’s voice asked.
“Yes, this is Mr. Dunhill,” I said with a touch of tension that I couldn’t manage to hide.
“Mr. Dunhill this is Susan Little from Met Hospital calling, we need you to come down to the hospital as soon as you can make it.  Your mother has had another spill.  She will be going into surgery in the next couple of hours and would like to see you first.”
“I’m on my way,” I said quickly and without waiting for an answer hung up the phone.
Whatever things Mark was getting into, would have to wait.  


It was late in the evening before I was able to make my way back into my mom’s neighborhood.  Spending the day at the hospital had been draining, both physically and mentally.  Of course, my body was still recovering from the torture I put it through the night before as well.  My mom was in and out of surgery before I could even blink.  The nurses, including the red haired Tonya had made every effort to keep me occupied while I was waiting for her.  The surgery itself was rather minor they told me, though I still think they were just trying to calm my nerves.  I know what you are thinking... momma’s boy or something to that effect.  Well, you might be right up to a point.  Growing up she was more drill Sargent the mom though.  She had been tough on me my whole life, never letting me slack off or get into trouble.  I swear the woman was like a pit-bull some days, not letting go of a bone she finally got a hold of.  Stubborn and tenacious were two elegant ways of describing her.  I would have to say those traits might have rubbed off on me.  She cared for me after dad died.  She has been the one I have counted on growing up and now I think it might be my time to return the favor.  The little town she had found to live in was a big change of pace from the city life I had come to know.  It was growing on me, the people were nice, and the climate better than I have had in DC.  I still wasn’t sure what I was going to do about my job but I was really leaning towards finding a place closer to here.
I turned the little Fiat 500 into the subdivision, and let the car coast down Oakwood Street.  The small econo-box purred softly as I neared Mark’s house.  It wasn’t much of a ride but my mom’s little car was great on gas.  My own SRT jeep was a beast to drive and given the fact people might be looking for me, the Fiat was a great way to disappear.  I looked over its small plastic dashboard and drooled a little as I envied Mark’s ride.  
The Viper in his driveway looking menacing even in the dim light of the streetlights.  I pulled over to the side of the road in front of the ranch and looked into the front windows of his house.  Several lights were on and I caught a glimpse of Mark walking through the house carrying a box of some kind.  Even from this distance, I could make out the bold letters of the FEDEX badging on the box.  
“Good, he is still up.”  
A small smile crossed my face as I shut off the car and killed the lights.  Before I had a chance to open the car door, another car came speeding down the street and then slowed as it reached the ranch.  The dark sedan pulled into the driveway of Mark’s house and quickly parked.  A rather large man in a dark suit got out from the car and stretched, while giving his surroundings a quick glance before striding up to the door.  
My heart began to race as I recognized the man from the parking lot meeting last night.  I also caught a glimpse of a holstered pistol when the man had raised his arms.  I watched as the man lifted a heavy hand to the door and knocked twice, the deep thuds echoing through the still night air.
“What the hell are you getting into Mark?”  I groaned as my friend opened his front door and let the man in.  
I took out my trusty notepad and jotted down the license plate of the dark sedan.  It was a habit I had developed early on and having that little paper pad in my pocket was something that I could never break.  It was even worse than my iPhone addiction and I felt naked without it.  Of course, the iPhone had a notepad too, but it just wasn’t the same.  The light from the open doorway revealed the emotions on the stranger’s face.  His face was twisted with anger and his beady dark eyes were tight with accusation.  The man didn’t say anything as he bulled his way into the house.
After Mark shut the door, I bolted from the car, closing the Fiat’s door as quickly and quietly as I could.  I then made my way across the well-maintained lawn and around the side of the ranch.  I knew the layout of the house fairly well and from here, I would be able to see the two men on several different floors without any inconvenient outside lights highlighting my presence.

I silently waited for the men to appear as I crouched in the darkness.  I watched Mark and the Italian man descend the stairs into the basement.  The large man was gesturing wildly with his arms but none of the sound made it to my ears.  I decided to switch windows with the hope of picking up their conversation.  It wasn't long before Mark led the man into his downstairs living room.   I could just barely make out their words as the big man started talking.
“You see Mr. Hunter, we know all about your list and my boss would like to make you an offer,” he said.
“Okay, you got my attention, but before you say anything I just want to tell you the same thing I told your boss.  I really don’t have control over the list, Mr. Clause does.  It’s hard to get in contact with him.  He wants to keep his distance from the project, for obvious reasons.”
“That’s the thing Mr. Hunter, my boss... he doesn’t believe you.  We have been watching you for a while now, we know what you have been doing and everyone you have been in contact with.  We know you are in contact with the CIA as well...”
Mark raised his eyebrow and started to protest.
“Don’t bother trying to deny it.  We know everything,” the big man said waving his hand as if swatting away Mark’s words.
The big man reached into his suit jacket and produced a thick envelope.
“Put us back on top of the list.  This here donation should cover any problems you have to deal with.”
Mark nodded and accepted the cash without even opening the envelope.  
“I can’t guarantee anything but I will try to send Mr. Clause a text.  We can go from there.”
“I don’t think you understand me... Mr. Hunter,” the man said as he fingered the gun under his suit jacket.  “We are only going to ASK once.”
Mark held up his hands defensively, “I get it, I get it.”
“I’m glad we understand each other, you won’t see me again, unless our account isn’t on top of that list on the next update.”
Mark let his shoulders sag in defeat.  
“Look, before you go I have to give you something.  Mr. Clause leaves me with special cards, and in certain instances, such as this one, he wants me to hand them out.   There is one on my computer desk, if you want to take it before you leave.  Just do me a favor, show it to your boss.  Hopefully it will clear up any misunderstandings, ok?”
The big guy looked sideways at Mark and nodded slowly.  He walked over to the computer desk just under the window I was watching from, and picked up a small black business card covered with what looked like red wax.  I tried to lean closer to the window as the man flipped over the card and looked at the reverse side.   I could just make out a series of letters and numbers printed on the card but the sequence was too long to memorize.
The big man stuck the card into his pocket and walked back to Mark.  
“What the hell is it?” He demanded, his voice rough.
“Dunno, I think there are some instructions under the wax but I swear I don’t know.”
The big man leaned closer to Mark and in a low voice growled.
“You better not be playing games with me.  I don’t like games.”

Without waiting for an answer, the man trudged up the stairs and a few seconds later I heard the door open and then a car door slam.  I stood where I was as the black sedan pulled out of the driveway but just before I was about to walk away I caught a bit of motion out of the corner of my eye.  I peeked back down into the basement and I noticed Mark moving again.  My friend sat down slowly at his computer desk and then with a deep sigh, cradled his head in his hands, shaking ever so slightly.
I silently watched Mark for a minute with concern and as worry lines creased his face.  I might be off on vacation but there were a few strings I could pull even this far north of the office.  Pandora had a few tricks in its silicon chips that might be useful here.  Mark was a good guy... I have a sense for these things.  He might have gotten caught up with the wrong crowd but that could happen to anyone.  Just to be sure though, a little sneak and peak would be forgiven if my instincts were wrong.  There was one thing I had learned after years of experience and it was one important fact, I didn’t like to be wrong.  If I was wrong about Mark, things would go very wrong for the guy, friend or not.

The first part of the sneak and peek would be getting my bugs and listening devices in place.  Thankfully, since I had taken the long drive from DC to Windsor instead of flying for obvious reasons, I had also brought some toys.  As any good boy scout would do, I had loaded up the Jeep with a bag of surveillance equipment.  I was sure I had all the gear I would need right there in the trunk.  
I called Pandora on the house line once I got back to the house and waited for the AI to answer.
“Pizza, Pizza.  Would you like to try our hot and ready wings tonight?”  Pandora said, her soft voice warming my heart.  
I didn’t realize I missed her until now.
“Pandora, voice confirmation, open sesame.”
“Roger, Roger, confirm Alpha one.  Hello Robert.”
“Hello Pandora.  I missed you.”
“I miss you too boss.”
“Before I forget I wanted to thank you for re-routing Mandy’s call.  That was excellent work.  I keep forgetting about how much you have learned in such a short time.”
“The agents didn’t stay long,” she told me.  “I think they believed your conversation was truthful.  Shall I contact you myself if they return?”
“No, that won’t be necessary Pandora.  I have another job for you.  The CIA is looking to place the blame on me for a series of identity thefts under the name SATO.  I have a few files in the archives that might be useful to the case.  I want you to cross-reference those files with the word Bitcoin and let me know what you come up with.  Specifically I am looking at a regional report of occurrences.  You can include the name Mark Hunter as a separate entry but let me know if you come up with all three in the same region at the same time.  
Oh and if you have a chance I want you to run a diagnostic search on Mark Hunters website, regarding a List.”
“Jobs confirmed Robert.  Is there anything else?”
“My cell phone is off for the time being but I have all my secondary email addresses you can contact me through them with the results.  Actually, I want you to forward the results of those searches to Jamie.  He might have time to sort through them faster than I could.”
“Roger, Roger.  If you pick up a new iPhone I can reroute your calls from your old unit to the new one.”
“I will see what I can do, I hate being without it, I almost feel naked.  Anyway, take care Pandora, I have a feeling the CIA might pay the office a late night visit.  Make sure their geeks don’t find you if they do.”
“I will keep an eye out for them,” she promised.
“Close sesame,” I said and dropped the phone back onto the receiver.  Pandora was the secret behind my success.  Without her, I would just be another bum on the street.  Countless times the AI had given me insights into hard to break cases that have since gotten me global recognition as a big time private investigator.  Pandora was a bit of a mystery to me though.  I have never really figured out her limits.  If you can believe it, I think she likes it that way too.  I have been working with the AI for well over two years now and I have barely even scratched the surface of that little black box.  
Working with Pandora is a long story.  Pandora was a project Jamie and I were working on together.  I have to admit, Jamie was the one making it, and I was just along for the ride.  He used me as a guinea pig to help with his testing protocols in the beginning.  You see, at first Pandora was just supposed to be a link between agents and the CIA data center.  Kind of like my iPhone’s Siri.  An agent was assigned a small black box that they would carry with them for a period of time, say a year or so. During that time, the Pandora device would be training to work with you.  It would begin to recognize your voice and thought patterns.  To a certain extent, the device would be able or allowed to predict your needs.  Pandora could supply you with background information on a particular person or building.  It was able to relay data feeds like geographical maps and subway systems.  It could monitor specific channels for certain keywords and flag them for the agent to review at his leisure.  Overall, it was the perfect companion for a detective.  That is where I came in.  
The project was failing.  The AI was too slow and its interface too clunky to use in the field.  It was having trouble understanding commands during high stress situations when the agent’s voice would rise or his mannerisms changed.  The system would just black out and become unresponsive.   So, when the economy took a nosedive the CIA decided it needed to cut some under achieving projects.  Pandora was one of them.  Jamie however believed in it and refused to let his pet project die.  He was granted one of the boxes to play with but without a budget and the aid of a field agent to test it on.  The box itself was almost given the kiss of death when the CIA disconnected it from their servers.  
I can remember the day Jamie brought it to me.  A sleek black cube about five by five inches all around.  He connected it to my laptop and... nothing.  The box wouldn’t even read my email.  Jamie was devastated but he carried on.  At the time, I was doing some contract work for the agency, in return for detective training.  I would run stakeouts, tail suspects or get their dry cleaning.  I was learning the ropes from whoever Jamie could coerce into taking me.  
Jamie became obsessive over the project, determined to make it work.  Slowly my office turned into Pandora’s data center.  It was linked up to the entire building and that is why my office is the way it is now.  Jamie created it, molded it with his own hands so that Pandora project had a place to live.   
Of course it would never live up to its potential on my network but Jamie thought if he could manage to reactivate the CIA data stream it would.  Until then he had me working with Pandora as much as I could.  He even created a sister black cube designed to be a relay point for the Pandora unit tied to my office.  My business started to pick up right around then.  I was solving cases left and right with Pandora and that was when it happened... my darkest day.   
To this day, I still don’t remember the whole thing.  In fact, the little I do remember about it comes back during nightmares in my sleep.  There are a few facts I do know for sure.  One, I was out on a case, working with Pandora when I was involved in an accident.  My car was totaled and ended up in the river.  I don’t know who pulled me out but when I woke up I was in the hospital.  Unfortunately, I had been in a coma for three months and had to spend another month in that damn place recovering my strength.  While I was out in la la land, Jamie had his own problems.  
During my coma, he had been shipped overseas to run an operation in Afghanistan.  
When I finally came to, Jamie started sending me messages from the gulf.  He was a bit strange at first, hinting at things he was doing, people he was looking for.  Then one day he admitted what was wrong.  He told me that the day of my accident I had been targeted by a terrorist cell because of a mistake Pandora made.  The AI had gotten its commands wrong and instead of us monitoring them, the terrorists started monitoring me.  
Needless to say, it was a bad day for me.  While I was wasting away in the hospital, Jamie took it upon himself to avenge me.  He signed up for Afghanistan as soon as he found out who attacked me.  I know it was because he blamed himself for the attack.  He was the one responsible for programming Pandora.  I guess he was, in a way, but I don’t blame him for it.  Jamie doesn’t see it that way.  He feels he owes me and refuses to see me in person again until he finds the man responsible.  Outside of a few Skype calls, I haven’t seen the man for two years.  
Pandora however continues to work with me.  The relay device was lost in the accident but in its absence, she has begun working with my iPhone.  The iPhone actually provides me with a better interface for her.  The one thing the relay box lacked was a good LCD screen.  She still occasionally makes mistakes but nothing catastrophic.  As for the day I almost died... I don’t blame her for the screw up, I know how bad I am with computers and to this day, I am sure I was at fault.  I don’t think I will ever know for sure though.  Til then I just do what I can, because without Pandora, I would never have a chance tracking down Sato or these other thieves.

Getting back to work I clicked open a silver briefcase on the bed beside me and brought out the first piece of my surveillance equipment.  Carefully unfolding its telescoping legs, I set up the long black metal tube near the small bedroom window.  As I peered through the telescope, I was just able to catch a small corner of the upper windows on Mark’s red-bricked ranch.  After locking onto the window and plugging the telescope into a small black cube, I flicked the on switch of the telescope.  With a soft hum, the laser-sighted listening gear began broadcasting the sounds from inside the Hunter residence.  The first thing I heard was Pluto’s loud bark and a scrabbling of paws on a wood surface.
“Easy Pluto, relax pup,” Mark said, his voice coming through the speakers of the little cube.  
“Sorry, there’s no room in the Viper for you,” Mark continued.  “I won’t be long, I promise.”
A set of keys jangled and a door slammed as Pluto started to whine pitifully.
With a grin, I flicked the recording switch on the cube and made my way to where my bag of tricks awaited.  Sometimes timing was everything and you couldn’t hesitate to make your move.  I quickly selected two small wireless cameras from the bag and was out the door just in time to see the black Viper cruising away down the street.  
The door lock on Mark’s house proved no hindrance for the master key, a slick little case with a small trigger that had proven itself quite capable against most civilian lock applications.  I slipped through the door and shut it behind me with a faint click.  Almost instantly, I found myself flat on my back thanks to the fifty-pound bowling ball that crashed into my shins.  
“Whoa, Pluto!”  I yelled and tried to fend off the drool laden slobbering kisses of the affectionate Bullie.  “Down buddy, down.”
I gently shoved the dog off me and got back to my feet.  I didn’t know how much time I was going to have so I had to get a move on.  I moved quickly down the stairs and made the first installation.  
I pulled the cover off the fire alarm and then ran the micro camera around to give me a view of the computer area.  After putting the cover back on I pushed a USB stick into the running computer and waited.  The light on the stick went from red to green showing a good insertion of the monitoring program.  Now I would be able to see everything Mark did, mirrored onto any computer I wanted to view it.  
The last spy toy in my arsenal that I had to install was a phone tap.  Normally I didn’t bother with this piece of gear, since I could just make a phone call to the telephone company for direct access to the line.  However since I was flying under the radar in this case, this old school bug would have to do.  
Heading upstairs I found the main house phone and pried open its handset.  I popped the bug in and had the phone closed up again in seconds.  Checking my watch, I made my way to the front door.  It had taken less than two minutes from the time I opened the door til the moment my hand reached for the doorknob.  
“Not bad,” I said proudly and exited the ranch, locking the door behind me.  Pluto started whining again as I made my way down the driveway.  I checked the street up and down before crossing, not seeing the Viper or any other car on the road.  

My mom’s house phone was ringing as I opened the front door.  I checked the caller ID but saw that it was a blocked number.  So, I picked up the phone and listened, not saying a word.
“I can hear you wheezing, mouth breather.  I can almost hear your nose running too.”  Jamie told him.
“Hey Jamie,” I said trying to ignore his jibes.  
Of course, I couldn’t.  The damn guy always seemed to get me going.  “Wheezing?  What the hell are you talking...? Ahh... a cold, from the cold weather I am suffering through...I get it... funny guy.”
“Dunhill, we’ve got a bit of a problem,” Jamie said getting right down to business, there wasn’t even a hint of amusement in the usually cheery man.
“With?”  I asked with just a hint of dread in my voice.
“That plate you had me run,” Jamie said in an almost hushed tone.  “It belonged to one Anthony Capone and before you have to ask, yes, that Capone family.”
“You said belonged?”
“Yup, the man had an accident last night, seems that his car had a bit of an argument with an 18-wheeler.  Mr. Capone’s car lost the incident quite badly by the way.”
“Any sign of foul play?”
“None, several witnesses said it was an accident, the man driving the big rig must have fallen asleep at the wheel and veered into oncoming traffic.  I’m looking at the photos right now.   I gotta say it was a pretty bad one.  The transport rolled right over top of Capone’s car.  We are talking pancake here, nasty.”
“I hate coincidence Jamie.”
“I know dude, I know... whatcha need from me.”
“I don’t want to say too much about what I am working on right now, but I think if one was to look through the pockets of Mr. Capone’s expensive black suit, they would find a little business card with red wax.  Get me some scans of that card and I’ll call us even for last year.”
“Really?  You serious Dunnie?”
“Yes, I’m serious and don’t call me Dunnie.  Call me when you get something,” I told him before hanging up.
“Dammit Mark,” I cursed.  “What the hell have you gotten yourself into?”

CHAPTER 7 – How to Coin

 (FYI) Start mining your coins.  Once you have a wallet and the mining client, you are ready to go.  However, if you actually want to succeed in making any money and mining a few coins you should consider joining a larger mining pool.  A pool is a group miners, that combine their computing power to create more Bitcoins.  The main reason you should consider a pool is that Bitcoins are awarded in blocks, usually 50 at a time.  As a single miner unless you get lucky, you will not be getting any of those coins.  However, if you are in a pool, you are given smaller and easier algorithms for your computer to solve.  That and all of the combined work will make you more likely to solve the bigger algorithm and earn Bitcoins that are spread out throughout the pool.  The amount you receive is based on your contribution to the pool as well.  You will make a more consistent amount of Bitcoins and will be more likely to receive a good return on your investment.
Note - Once you are set up, you can start mining right away but it might not be worth it with your current computing setup.  If you want to make more Bitcoins, you might want to invest in some dedicated mining hardware.  However, sometimes it is more economical to just buy your coins instead of mine them.


The next morning I met Mark and Pluto for our walk at the park.  Mark had a bit of a surprise waiting for me.  I let Josie off her leash and walked over to a picnic table where Mark had a laptop setup.  I noticed the laptop was hooked into a cellphone, obviously, he was online as well.
“Morning Rob,” Mark said, his voice a little hoarse.
“Heya Mark,” I said.  “What’s up with the computer?”
“I know I promised to teach you about Bitcoins the other night but I’ve been a bit busy with my book stuff.  I decided that today I could use a little break from the indoors and the book project, so I thought it would be nice to kill two birds with one stone.  I get a bit of fresh air and you get your tutorial.” 
“Sounds like a deal to me.”
“Great, let’s get started.”
Mark patted the seat of the picnic table beside him and I plopped down shaking the table slightly.  I checked on the dogs with a sideways glance and saw that the two were busy chasing each other within the fenced enclosure.  
“I am going to assume you know little or nothing about Bitcoin, just to make sure I cover all the bases.  I would hate to overlook something important and basic.”  He said as he tapped a few keys on the laptop.
“There is a pretty good tutorial up on YouTube that you can watch but you can take a look at that some other time.”
I nodded as Mark pointed at the video URL on YouTube.  He typed in another web address as he continued to talk.  “There are layers and layers to the whole Bitcoin scene but just to get you started with it, I will start slowly.”
I nodded again not wanting to interrupt the teacher even if I did know this stuff a bit.
“Bitcoin is a digital only currency, there is nothing backing it like the gold in Fort Knox that backs our national banks.  The value it holds is only worth what people perceive it to be.  The more people that know about and use the coin, the higher the value becomes.”
Mark keyed in another website and gestured at the screen.
“Now that you know what it is, you need to take some steps to get into the game.  The first step is to own a wallet.  Like the name implies, a wallet is where you store your money.  There are different kinds of wallets depending on your needs and security levels.  It is always good practice to keep a limited amount of coins in a single wallet that is located on a computer connected to the internet.”
“Because of hackers and thieves?”  I guessed.
“Yup.  You can create multiple wallets, they are free to create.  I like the ones at blockchain.info, it’s a handy site that holds more information that you can look at and learn later.”

The dogs took that moment to intrude on our meeting hopping up on top of the table and poking around.  
“Josie.... Josie!  Get down!” I yelled, trying to get the hound off the table.
With a loud howl, the dog leapt from the table.  I was shocked that the dog had actually listened to me for a change.  Of course, I soon realized it wasn’t the commanding tone of my voice that had impressed the dog to do my bidding as I watched Mark throw another treat to the dogs from his pocket.
Mark went back to his tutorial without missing a beat.  He pointed at the screen and selected create wallet.  He then entered my email address and created matching passwords.  
“Your password for this account is JoSiEJoSiE,” he told me with a grin just as the two dogs bolted around and under the table before disappearing again. Now that you have a wallet, you have a receiving address and a QR code.  Anytime you want to put money into this account scan the code or copy and paste that sequence of characters there.”
“And if someone wants to send me money?”  I asked.
“You give them the same code or sequence.”
“Okay,” I said nodding my understanding.
“The next step is to put some Bitcoins into your account.  You can buy the coins from someone using a service like localbitcoins, a trading site like Mt.Gox, or Coinbase.com.  If you are lucky, you might even find someone to trade with in person.  For Canadians like me, if you want a small chunk of Bitcoins, like .04, you can go to QuickBT.com and use e-interact to buy.”
“There are fees involved when doing a transaction that go to paying the people that support the chain.  We call them miners.  There is a little box in your wallet where you can change this fee.  The higher the fee the faster the transaction goes through.  A word of warning though, you can select an instant transfer option but there is a chance you can screw up.”
“Screw up?”  I questioned.
“This service is irreversible,” he told me.  “You could send the Bitcoins to the wrong person or even send them more money than you intended.  To avoid that you can use an authentication option.  It sends several confirmation requests before the transfer is finally approved.  I recommend you use this setting most of the time.  If you are just playing around with your own wallets feel free to use the zero transaction fee.”
I continued to watch the laptop and listen to Mark’s words.  The whole world of Bitcoin was opening up before me and it was fascinating.
“I wouldn’t worry about getting into the other aspects of Bitcoin just yet.  Get those down pat and go from there.  I don’t really recommend mining for you... instead just buy the coins locally or through Mt.Gox.  If you use an American bank account try Coinbase.com, they just received a big chunk of funding to get started and look to be the next PayPal.”
“Okay, I get the general idea of the Bitcoin thing,” I said. “I’ve got a wallet and I am not going to mine.”
“Oh, and if you decide to buy the coins online there is usually a waiting period for the money to clear before the Bitcoins show up in your wallet,” Mark warned.  “If you are in a hurry just buy local.  You got all that?”
“I think so, but what do I do with this.”  I asked as I slid the gold coin onto the laptop’s keyboard.
“I was hoping you brought that.  I love a good mystery and if you don’t mind I can show you on this computer.  It is secure btw.” 
“Go for it,” I urged.
Mark lifted the coin reverently and unscrewed the top, setting each piece down beside the laptop.  
“First thing we do is open up a new tab and go to blockchain.info.  We use that wallet to import an existing account and then put in the codes here and the password here.”  
Mark typed in the seemingly random letters and numbers with amazing dexterity before hitting the enter key.  The page reloaded and displayed all the account information for the coin as well as the latest transactions.
“Holy shit,” we both said in unison.  
I looked at the account balance and shook my head in disbelief.  It read 10,000
“Ten grand?” I questioned, unsure of the numbers I was reading.  
Mark shook his head and smiled at me.  “That means you have 10,000 Bitcoins or BTC.”  
He pointed to a ratio I hadn’t noticed at the top of the screen.  It read 1 BTC = $100 USD.
“Dude, you are a millionaire,” he congratulated.
“Holy shit,” I said again, this time much louder.
“I don’t mean to tell you your business, but the first thing you need to do is put that money into your own account.  You can change your password to anything you want but there is no way of knowing who else has the password to the gold coin’s account.”
I agreed but had a question.  “What about the gold coin?  Is it still of any use?”
“It is probably worth some cash if you want to sell it to a gold buyer or you can keep it and re-engrave the account info.”
Mark tabbed over to my blockchain account and copied the receiving address. Then he popped over to the gold account and pasted it in.  
“Want to do the honors?” He asked and slid over to let me at the keyboard.  “Just hit enter and then confirm when the prompts pop up.”
I did as I was told and only had to wait a few seconds for the first prompt to show.  I accepted that and two more after it before the ten thousand coins appeared in my account.
“That’s all folks,” he said and gave me a little golf clap.  “Getting actual dollars out of the system is a bit harder but I really recommend leaving them in your account for a long term investment.  Make yourself another wallet and transfer some coins into it like a chequing account.  I will email you a list of online sites where you can buy anything.  When I say anything, I mean... anything.  You name it, it is for sale on the internet.  Buying and selling with the coins makes you near invisible and keeps you off the grid.  I know a site that will sell you pre-loaded gift cards for coins and others that will deliver you anything that Amazon sells.”  
He lowered his voice and gave it an ominous tone.  “There are also darker places deep in the web that cater to more sinister things.... Guns, Drugs... and more.  All paid for by those shiny coins.”
I was stunned.  I mean, I am not new to the underworld and all things black-market, but this whole thing was making my mind go all fuzzy.  Different scenarios began flowing through my head, different possibilities and even motives behind some of the unsolvable cases in my cold case drawer.  I put a hand to my eyes and pinched them shut, overwhelmed for the moment.
Mark slapped me on the back.  
“Hey man, take your time with this stuff.  Search around the internet and buy some stuff.  You can deliver it to my place if you want or pay for a drop spot postal box.  The thing to remember is this is a fledgling community, it is new to almost everyone and there is going to be a learning curve.  Try not to get overwhelmed and if you have any questions, just ask.”
Mark slid the laptop closer to me and said, “Change the passwords to both accounts, make it a decent strength password but something you won’t forget.  There is no recovery feature here so don’t forget what you type in.  I will go grab Pluto so you have a bit of privacy.”
Mark put his hand on my shoulder as he stood and looked down at me.  “Thank you Rob, that was a lot of fun.  I appreciate when things work out for good people.”
“Thank me?  Thank you!”  I said with a laugh and pointed to my million-dollar Bitcoin account.  “You can expect something in the mail to celebrate my good fortune.”
Mark smiled and ran after a passing Pluto, as I followed his advice and changed my passwords.  It looked like today was a great day.  My good mood suddenly got slightly better as a half-naked jogger sped by.  Julia waved at me as she ran past and gave me one of her dazzling pearly white smiles.  My heart skipped a beat as I numbly tried to raise my hand in greeting.  I even attempted to say something lighthearted and cheery as she passed but could only manage a slightly mumbled, “Hi...”
 Mark was laughing at me as he pulled up to the picnic table dragging a struggling Pluto behind him.
“Mr. Smooth strikes again,” he said laughing at me some more.
Grumbling, I closed the laptop and slid it over to him, finished with my account changes.
“Bah,” I grumbled a bit more but it turned into a laugh.  “Talk to you later Bud.”
“Okay, see ya,” Mark said and pulled Pluto from the park.   
The stubborn Bulldog didn’t want to go and had Josie pinned in the corner near the exit.  I ran over to help separate the two dogs and held Josie down while Mark and Pluto made their escape.  The gate had just clanked shut when Josie managed to squirm away from me, thinking it was playtime again.  This time I was the playmate.  Well, I hated to disappoint the dog, so I chased after her.  I grew tired of the game after a few minutes and called it quits.  Josie, seeing the game was over also noticed the leash come out.   She bolted from me and the chase was on again.
I had just managed to corral Josie into a corner and set her leash when I heard a woman say, “Looks like that dog isn’t the only thing trapped here.”
I turned around to see Julia smiling at me.  She wore a very sexy skintight Under Armor outfit that showed off her body and lots of tanned skin.  I looked around and saw that Mark was nowhere to be found, although I thought I heard someone chuckling just up the street.  
I looked at Julia and tried to keep my eyes focused on hers as I spoke.  It was a battle that I am not entirely sure I won.
“Morning Julia.”
“Is that all I get?  Morning Julia?”
I wanted to say something clever but again in this woman’s presence my thoughts turned to mush.
Luckily, she didn’t notice and I think I was able to keep my man card just a little longer.  She let her gaze and smile linger on me a few seconds more before she bent down to pet Josie.  
“Saved by the dog,” I thought and let a little grin spread across my lips.  
Of course, that was about the same time Julia looked up at me and I got a brief glimpse down her top.  I pried my eyes away quickly and looked down the street.  I wondered if she had noticed but then I realized she had, like all woman, noticed my gaze and where it lay.  To my surprise she didn’t look put off by it at all.  If anything, I think it might have been like flashing a green go signal at her.  She stepped into my personal space and put a hand on my arm.
“You seem like a pretty nice guy Rob, how about you buy me a coffee later?  I wouldn’t mind getting to know you a bit better.”
The thought of coffee with this gorgeous woman was like whip cream on my sundae, adding to my perfect day.  I smiled and forced my mouth to respond.   
“Sure, I would love that.  Give me your number and we can set up something, tonight?”  I asked hesitantly.
Julia’s smile seemed to grow just a bit bigger as she handed me a business card with her name and number on it.  I wasn’t sure where she had pulled the card from as I tried to keep my eyes locked on hers and not roaming over her perfect body again.  
“Don’t make me wait too long mister.  I know you aren’t in town very long.  Vacations don’t last forever.”  
She squeezed my elbow as she turned from me and headed out of the park.  I watched her go and let my gaze flicker down to her tight shorts just as she looked back at me.  I swear I heard a little giggle from her as she started jogging away but I wasn’t quite sure of myself as my heart was pounding in my ears out of embarrassment.  
CHAPTER 8 – Bulldog Balls 

(FYI)  Bitcoin Mining is the process of adding transaction records to Bitcoin's public ledger of past transactions.  This ledger is called the block chain.  The block chain serves to confirm transactions to the rest of the network as having taken place.  Bitcoin nodes use this block chain to distinguish legitimate Bitcoin transactions from attempts to spend coins that have already been spent elsewhere. 
Mining itself is intentionally designed to be resource-intensive and difficult so that the number of blocks found each day by miners remains steady.  Individual blocks that are mined must contain a proof of work to be considered valid.  This proof of work is verified by other Bitcoin nodes each time they receive a block.  Because Mining is so resource-intensive it may not be worth your time to mine unless you are doing it for fun.  For details on making this decision refer to your favourite search engine or http://startbitcoin.com/mine-or-buy/


For the next couple of days I watched Mark carefully.  Of course we kept up with the morning dog walks and after walk coffee breaks.  I even made time for a couple late evening coffee dates with Julie.   To be honest I am not a huge fan of coffee.  Sure, I like my morning pick me up but I usually stop after the first cup.  I made the exception for Julia, the woman was fantastic, a real chatter bug and a sweetheart.  I avoided making any other dates with her though.  I really needed to put this whole Sato slash Mark thing to bed.  I had continued my explorations into the world of Bitcoin and secured several deliveries for myself since my windfall.  The first thing I had ordered was a brand new IPhone.  I had really missed mine so much that I just couldn’t do without one.  I spent more of the Bitcoins buying ITunes gift cards and reloading my device with ringtones and music.   Ah... life was good.
I also spent some time going through the emails that had backed up during my vacation but work was slow and the one client I had scheduled to come in hadn’t found their way into the office yet according to Mandy.  
For the most part, the stakeout on Mark’s place was boring.  His deliveries had stopped since the Italian’s visit and there were no phone or video occurrences to speak of.  Mark spent most of his time writing on the computer, developing a fantasy series based on an ancient stone tower and a hero with an animated tattoo.  It was late on the second day of surveillance when things picked up and then got a bit crazy.
The bedroom I was currently calling home was setup like a mini version of my DC office.  A white board depicting known and unknowns sat in one corner.  It also had a list of questions regarding Bitcoin that I was planning to ask Jamie on his next call.  I had just finished placing the coroner’s photo of Anthony Capone on my project board when a beep sounded from my MacBook.  The MacBook’s screen flickered to life and began mirroring Mark’s computer monitor.  It was displaying a long list of random numbers and letters.  In some places, these entries where replaced with names or even web addresses.  A new window opened up on top of the list as a web browser opened up showing a Gmail account.  A few dozen emails had arrived and Mark was going through them one at a time.  

TO: Mark Hunter
FROM: Rebecca12
Subject – Review done
Hi Mark,
Just wanted to let you know I just submitted my review to Amazon.  I loved your book and want to be included on the List.  I paid for the book through your website using Bitcoin.  Anyway, here is my receiving account.
18e1toyFnJ1zm4RAxtDnjrfCGNAicMYVrj
I don’t want a URL attached right now but I might soon.  
One other thing, I want to thank you for starting this little experiment.  It’s pretty cool so far.  

Peace.
Rebecca.

I watched as the account number in the email was highlighted and then copied into the computer’s clipboard.  From there I saw the same account number pop up on the list after the screen had scrolled down through several pages of entries.  There had to be several hundred accounts on that list and I now knew that they were Bitcoin addresses, for the receiving of coins by the looks of it.
The next few emails were much the same, each one putting a few Bitcoins into Mark’s account in order to be placed on the list.  The last email caught my eye as it popped onto the screen.

To: Mark Hunter
From: Anon
	Your List is a bunch of crap.  You are just trying to weasel money out of the community.  Fucking scammer.  I hope you get run over by a bus.
I turned to look at the video feed of the basement and saw Mark sitting at his computer reading the email I was looking at.  For a minute nothing happen, he just sat there staring at the monitor.  
Then I heard him swear, “I hate this fucking crap.  People don’t know their ass from a hole in the ground and they want to judge me.  This isn’t my fricken mess don’t blame me for it, I don’t make the rules.”
I expected him to write a nasty reply much to the effect of the words he was cursing at the screen.  He didn’t though.  I watched the MacBook mirror image of his computer as its mouse clicked on the delete button in Gmail.  The email disappeared in a flash.  Within seconds, another email came in.
To: Mark Hunter
From: BitCasino
I have sent you a donation.  Please add my account and URL to your list.  I have also included a Jpeg to this email as well.  Your list has been a great source of traffic to my site in the last week or two and I want to share the rewards with you.  I hope this donation puts me higher on the list.  Either way I will send a report of any traffic increase or decrease.
Thanks,
Mike C.
BitCasino.com

I was just finishing reading the email when I heard a noise from the surveillance cameras at Mark’s place which caught my attention.  Suddenly another louder noise echoed from the listening device as something very loud started going on down the street at Mark’s place.  I heard Pluto start barking in a very unfriendly manner as a man started yelling.  A second later, there was a loud meaty whack and the dog started to whimper.
“What the hell!”  Mark yelled and a scuffle ensued.  
I could make out the sound of crashing furniture and what I could only guess were thudding fists.
“God Damn.”  I yelled and ran to pull a Taser from the kit on the bed before rushing to the door.  My heart was thudding in my chest as I raced for Mark’s house and my hand subconsciously went to the spot where my gun normally sat in its holster.  Unfortunately, that gun was locked up back at the storage garage in DC.
As I rushed up to Mark’s house, I saw an old civic hatchback in the driveway and the front door wide open.  I took the scene in quickly as I rushed into the house, Taser at the ready.  
Pluto was unmoving in the center of the floor and Mark was near the kitchen, beating the crap out of whoever the intruder was.    The two combatants broke apart as I rushed into the house.   I used the precious seconds of surprise to rush past my friend and plant the Taser in the stranger’s stomach.  The thin man dropped to the ground in a heap, moaning and shaking with the sudden introduction of so many volts.
“Rob?”  Mark asked, dismayed at his friends sudden appearance.
“I got this, you call the cops,” I commanded.
Mark responded by heading into the kitchen but he didn’t come back with a phone.  Instead, he came back with several sets of black zip ties.
I watched in confusion as he bound the stranger hand and foot with the ties.
Mark noticed my concerned expression and said, “I don’t want to involve the cops.  I cannot involve the cops.  I will explain everything in a sec.  Put this clown in one of the chairs, I need to check on Pluto.  He took a chunk out of dumb, dumb here but the fricken jerkoff kicked Pluto in the balls.  I mean, who the fuck kicks a dog in the balls?  Fricken jackass.”
Mark went to check on the Bulldog and when he came back, he had the dog cradled in his arms.  
“Pluto’s okay, just a bit pissed off I would think.”
To agree with that statement Pluto started to growl as he passed near the man tied up in the kitchen.  
“Shhh, it’s okay Pluto, take it easy,” Mark calmed the dog before opening the backdoor and letting the dog out.
He slid the door closed and turned back to the man at the kitchen table.  
“I don’t know who the hell you are or what you want, but I can guess.”
The man raised his dark eyes to glare at Mark and if it wasn’t for his bonds, and the crackling Taser I held, might have went for a second round.  The Taser’s electric clicking changed his mind though and the man slumped back into the chair.
“I know you run the List man,” he said in a shaky voice.  “I was just going to persuade you to put my name up a few more levels.  I swear I wasn’t planning on brawling with ya, I just wanted to scare ya a bit.”
Mark and I shared a long look at each other before Mark gave a resigned sigh.
“What’s your name?” Mark asked.
The young man looked from Mark to me and then back before answering hesitantly, “...David.”
“Yes David, I do run the List,” Mark admitted.  
The intruder in the chair perked up at the news but the hope was quickly washed away when Mark continued, “But I do not control the list.  I swear to you that the information on that web page is very accurate.  Everything I do is controlled by the Clause.  I really am only the figurehead OF THIS WHOLE GODDAMNED MESS!”  Mark said slowly letting his voice and anger build.
I looked from Mark to the man on the chair watching the exchange intently, but silently.
David opened his mouth to argue but Mark had more to say.
“Look, I have rules that I have to follow too, just like you or anyone else on the list.  But in order to run the list, I have to abide by a second set of rules as well.  I don’t know what all the rules are... it’s a bit complicated.”
“Complicated how?”  I asked, getting into the conversation.
Mark looked at me and cocked his head to the side, considering.  Whatever he was thinking, he didn’t take long to come to a decision.  He straightened his shoulders and said, “Wait here one second.”
Mark jogged upstairs and out of sight.  He came back fairly quickly holding a business card with a red wax seal on top.  There was a small coin shape in the center.  On the coin there was a capital B with two vertical strikes through it.  It was the symbol of the Bitcoin.
He took the card and placed it in the stranger’s back pocket.
“Part of my deal is that I can’t tell you my rules... but I can give you one of those cards.  Each one is different.  Each one has a specific usage.  When you get home or where ever you are staying, break that seal and follow the instructions you find under the wax.”
“That’s it?”  David and I said at the same time.
“”Not quite,” Mark said as he helped the man to his feet.  “Two more things. One, if you come back here again, you get a black card not a white one and I lose control of the list.  That means it goes static, no one wins.”
“And two?”  The man asked as he shakily got to his feet.
“Don’t ever kick my dog again,” Mark said as he pulled back his foot and launched it into the man’s groin.
The air came out of him in an”ugggggfff” and if it wasn’t for me grabbing his arms, the poor bastard would have crashed face first to the floor.  
Mark stomped off to the kitchen where he pulled out a pair of scissors and then came back to cut the man’s bonds.  
“See him to the curb Rob, I don’t know if I can do it without hitting him a few more times,” Mark said pleadingly.
“Sure, I got it...  I understand completely,” I said as I led the man out the door and to the end of the driveway.
“You got off lucky kid,” I told him as I let him go.
The kid groaned but managed to spit out a, “How’s that?”
“If it was up to me, I would have left you tied up and called the dog back in.”
“That little mutt couldn’t do shit to me,” David said, trying to sound brave.
I let go with a hearty laugh and then when the idiot looked a bit dazed and confused, I explained, “Those mutts as you called them were bred for one thing... bull fighting.  Think about it, those big teeth, that strong jaw.”
The man still looked blankly at me.
“A Bulldog is designed to fight bulls.  It gets in close and then clamps its mouth on the bull’s snout.  You see, the bull’s nose is the tenderest spot on the monsters.  Once a Bulldog gets ahold, its jaws lock tight.  It is just a matter of time before the bull is brought to its knees and pinned.”
I leaned forward toward the man and said, “Think about that little beast getting ahold of your nuts.”
I let out a little laugh as the color faded from the man’s face and he opened his car door.  With a shake of his head, he slunk into the car and then drove away.   
I watched him as he drove down the street and turned the corner before I walked back up the driveway.  
CHAPTER 9 – The List

(FYI) The List – Is an experimental project by the author, it is not meant for anything other than an amusing diversion for fans of this book.  The List appears on the author’s website,  http://www.MartyLongson.com.  To become part of the List follow the rules set out in this book and on the site.  You can also email the list at mailto:thebitcoinlist@gmail.com


As I stepped into the ranch, Mark was staring at two beer bottles on the table before him and holding a grumbling Pluto on his lap.  When Pluto spotted me, the hefty Bullie plopped of his owner’s lap and charged over to greet me.
“Good boy Pluto,” I told the dog with a pat on the head as I continued to the kitchen table.  The dog gave me a few sniffs before leaving us alone at the table.
I looked at Mark as I picked up a beer and twisted off the cap.  For his part, Mark held up his own beer and stared at it for a moment before taking a long pull.
They sat at the table, each huddled in their own thoughts as the beer slowly went down.  By the time the last drops of amber goodness were swallowed up Mark had recovered his voice.
“I know you must have a thousand questions right now, but I really can’t say too much about all this crap,” he said, the tone in his voice strong and serious.
“Why?” I demanded.
“I have my reasons, trust me Rob, I have good reasons to keep quiet.”
I looked at my friend and was honestly concerned for the man.  If it wasn’t ingrained into my personality, I just might have left it at that.  Maybe I should have left it at that.  But like always, I needed to know every piece of a puzzle and this puzzle was definitely something worth knowing.
“Okay Mark, I won’t pry.  Don’t tell me anything you don’t want to.  But why don’t you tell me what you can, I really am quite curious right now.  I don’t know if I can help or even if you want it, but I will throw it out on the table.  Whatever you need, I am here for you.  I owe you that much, for looking after my mom when I was overseas and when she collapsed in the park.”
Mark nodded and began fiddling with the label on his bottle.  Slowly he peeled the paper label back until it came off in one whole piece.
He looked at me carefully and then back at the beer bottle before finally finding his voice. “I will tell you a bit about what is going on.  I am going to have to make some changes to the eBook project I am working on... so maybe you can help me with that.  It would be nice to share this all with someone, the wife and kids don’t know about the list.  It was part of the deal I made... I...”  Mark shut his mouth with an audible snap before bringing his eyes up to look at me.
I didn’t press the subject and just patiently waited for him to continue.
“I guess I will start from the beginning.  It’s all up on the website anyway, it couldn’t hurt to share that much.  Okay, so here goes.   You know how I am an author?  Anyway, one day I get an email from a fan that wants to meet me.  He said he loved my books and was in town for the weekend and wondered if he could buy me a coffee... maybe chat a bit about the book.  I said that it was cool and I could meet him at a Timmy’s nearby.  We set a time for after dinner, around 8pm or so.  Anyway when I pulled into the Tim Horton’s a man approached my car.  It was the fan, he had already grabbed me a cup of Joe and was thinking it was a nice enough night to just sit outside and chat.  I agreed and we walked over to a nearby picnic table.  He introduced himself as Sato, and went on to rave about my Dragon trilogy.  The guy really knew his stuff, quoting the books and asking some really cool questions.  We hit it off, he seemed like a pretty cool guy and I told him we could keep in touch by email.  That was when things got a little weird.  He smiled and nodded before handing me one of those red-waxed business cards.
“I want to give you a very unique opportunity Mark,” he said.   “I have recently created a bit of a game, it involves something called Bitcoins.  Have you heard of them?”  
“I told him that I had some knowledge of the coins but didn’t own any at the time.  He nodded and smiled warmly at me, seeming happy that I had a bit of knowledge on the matter.” 
“What I need is a figure head to host and maintain a website for me.  It won’t require much upkeep at all and there is an eBook aspect to the game that would be a perfect match for my skills.”  
“I had to admit I was quite flattered and having no current books lined up, I jumped on it. He told me to break the Bitcoin seal on the card when I got home and to follow the instructions on it to the letter.  With that, he shook my hand and walked away. When I got home, I broke open the card and found an email address and password under the wax.  I logged into the account and found one email in the inbox.  
Mark pulled out his iPad and tapped a few buttons before sliding it over to me.  I read it quickly,

Sato – I am a very rich man with no one left in my life to spend it on.  I have millions of dollars’ worth of Bitcoins sitting on an old pc running in the basement of an old house.  If you saw it, you probably would laugh at it before you blew off the dust and then dragged it to the curb.  You would never know what that pc was worth, you could never guess.  
A long time ago, I had some pretty bad things happen in my life.  Life changing events that led me down a road I can’t even think about anymore.  A homeless man stumbled across what was left of my body and mind that day.  I thought I was in rough shape but he took the cake.  He was a man so beat down and dirty I can’t begin to do his smell justice with mere words.  Anyway, this man, who had nothing and would never have anything gave me the clothes off his back and took care of me after he found me dying in the gutter.  I still remember his eyes, the spirit that burned within them and the compassion that they held.  After a few weeks in his care, I returned to my home, a home I had ran away from years ago.  When I got there, I found only more pain that threatened to wash me back into the gutter.  But I remembered the old man’s words and stood strong in the face of my demons.  In the end I triumphed, I conquered and I grew as a man.  
What about the old man?  A few years later, I tried to find him, to thank him for everything he had done for me.  But he was gone.  I asked the other gutter bums about him and they said I was talking about a ghost.  Although some said they had never seen a man like that on their turf.  One of the old timers said that he recalled seeing a man just like him on several different occasions... usually it was around Christmas time.  I wasn’t sure if the old timer was pulling my leg but I had nothing else to go on.
So in tribute to his memory every year I go back to that gutter at Christmas time with gifts and money for those who need it and want the help.
I never did meet the old man again but I keep with me the lessons he shared.  I help those I can and bless those that I can’t.  All the while, I look for those that share my goodwill and strive to help others.  It is these people I like to help the most.  I feel that you are one of these good souls Mark, and that is why I have found my way here to you today.  When you see one of these people, you just know.  You know in the bottom of your heart if it ever came down to it, they would give you the shirt off their back to help.
Which man would be better to help?  One that would squander their fortune on themselves or one who would rather help others as he himself had once been helped.

“I was given a few more instructions by snail mail since then, some of them in the form of the wax cards,” Mark said solemnly.
“What about Sato?” I asked hanging on every word.
“I haven’t seen or heard from him since,” Mark said shaking his head.
I pondered this as I re-read the email.  I looked up as I considered the whole thing.
“What about the website?”
Mark opened the iPad on the table and slid it over to me.
“On the left side of the page is the list,” he said as he gestured to the screen. 
“I looked at the List and saw a bunch of Bitcoin account numbers.  A few of the positions had also attached a URL and even more of them had a picture attached to the account.  I drooled over a rare red Lamborghini Countach I noticed in one photo.  It was so sweet I had to shake my head to regain my focus on what Mark was saying but it wasn’t often you saw one those cars anymore.
“On the right side are the rules of the game, including how to get on the list and some basic explanations.”  

THE RULES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The List – Is an experimental project by the author, it is not meant for anything other than an amusing diversion for my fans.  The List appears on the author’s website,  http://www.MartyLongson.com and in the Novel, The Bitcoin Detective.  To become part of the List follow the rules set out below.  
You can also email the list at TheBitcoinList@gmail.com -  
No purchase or Donation is required to appear on the list.
Donations can be of any BTC amount.
Contact thebitcoinlist@gmail.com to request a spot on The List.
You must provide a Bitcoin receiving account via email to be placed on the list.  Your email address will not appear on the list and will be used for communication purposes only.
Reviews posted on Amazon and linked via email ( you must send me proof that you posted the review.)  will add a tier to your account.  NOTE – This action is not a monetary reward for posting a review.  By adding this Tier, your account only moves up the list numerically.  There is no value perceived or implied by adding this tier.
Donations to The List allow you to add a URL and a Photo to your account.  This action adds a Tier to your account.  URLs may also contain affiliate links.  Once a URL is posted, it cannot be altered without an additional donation and email.  Either Photo or URL may be removed at any time at the account holders request via corresponding email.
The Top Ten is a combination of the top 5 donated accounts and 5 random accounts.  The Top Ten is update once a month.
+1 Tier  – Free, no donations
+1 Tier  – Confirmed reviews on Amazon
+1 Tier – Donation or Purchase of Ebook with BTC.
+1 Tier  – Addition donations
The List is a social media experiment and will only thrive with your support.
  WARNING: Some or all of The List will appear in the novel, The Bitcoin Detective when updated.  Updates to this List may halt at any time.  In such an instance, the List then becomes static and is sent out via email, posted to this webpage and finally be updated into the ebook version of The Bitcoin Detective.  This is a virtual game, using virtual currency. The author reserves the right to modify or change the rules, as need dictates. Names and accounts maybe removed from the list at any time at the account holder’s request via email - thebitcoinlist@gmail.com      



I finished reading the page and then took a few seconds to let it sink into my mind.  I looked up at Mark and raised an eyebrow.  Mark only shrugged his shoulders.
“So on top of this you have a second set of rules that only apply to you, but you can’t tell anyone what they entail?”  I asked carefully.
Mark nodded.
“And you want this... game to continue?”  I asked, letting my voice drop to a whisper.
Mark’s eyes widened slightly before he quickly said, “Yes.  For the time being, it will continue.”
“Was tonight your first... problem?”
Mark nodded but hesitated before saying, “Yup.”
I leaned back in my chair, shocked that he lied to me but able to cover it up before Mark noticed.
“Mind if I ask you a few questions?”  I prodded.
“I knew you would want to as soon as you saw that page Rob.”
I smiled at Mark, I knew the man was hiding something, but he was still the same good guy I had come to know.  I still wasn’t sure if the man sitting with me was Sato or if he was involved with the mysterious man more than he let on.  For now, I would just have to sit back and wait.  Maybe he would slip up or maybe another break would come.  That was the way of the stake out, it always came down to the waiting game.
“I’ll go grab a few more bottles and you can ask me anything you want,” Mark said as he stood up from the table and collected the empties.  He looked at me and nodded, “Thank you for all the help, I owe you one buddy.”   
Mark smiled as he walked away from the table and added, “The world needs more people like you Rob, people willing to help those in need.”



CHAPTER 10 – Somebody Watching Someone Watching

(FYI) Three Bitcoin Myths – 
1.It is a giant Ponzi scheme - In a Ponzi scheme, the founders persuade investors that they’ll profit.  Bitcoin does not make such a guarantee. 
2.Bitcoin is a pyramid scheme - Bitcoin is nearly opposite of a pyramid scheme in a mathematical sense. Bitcoins are algorithmically made scarce, no exponential benefit is derived from introducing new users to use of it.  There is a quantitative benefit in having additional interest or demand, but this is in no way exponential.
3.Bitcoin was hacked - In the history of Bitcoin, there has never been an attack on the block chain that resulted in stolen money from a confirmed output.  Neither has there ever been a reported theft resulting directly from vulnerability in the original Bitcoin client, or vulnerability in the protocol.  


The buzzer on the alarm clock had been going off for the last minute or so as I stared at the sunlight streaming through my bedroom window.  Thoughts of last night were running through my head and the comfort of the dog cuddled across my legs kept me from getting out of bed.  Dust motes glittered like small stars in the sunlight as I lay there, content and relaxed.   The alarm clock’s buzzer was only a small nuisance in this almost perfect moment.  I stretched and let out a groaning yawn as I considered once again getting out of bed but ended up just slumping back into the sheets while the bass snore of the dog at my feet continued uninterrupted by my movements.  
“Lazy dog,” I muttered, as I relaxed even further into the sheets.
The shrill ring of my cellphone broke that perfect moment.  The “secret agent man” ringtone was playing for the second time as I pulled myself from the sheets and retrieved the cellphone.  
“Jamie... what’s up buddy?”
“Dunhill, we got a problem,” Jamie’s voice came through the phone with an edge of tension.  “It looks like were treading on some toes with the Capone case.  I had several meetings with some higher ups here at HQ.”
“Dammit,” I cursed.  “What are they saying?”
“Nothing right now, just a whole lot of questions.  They want to know why I was poking around their case.  Why I was so interested in the business card.   Oh, before I forget, I was able to get you some pics of the card.  They should be in your inbox by now.  I had a guy in the RCMP get them for me.  I was in MIT with the dude, and I’m going to owe him a solid by the way.”
“Thanks Jamie, you’re the best,” I told him. “I think this thing might be a bit bigger than I first thought, but I really don’t have anything concrete yet.  I don’t want you to get tripped up in this crap either.  No one wants to step on any toes around there, that’s for sure.”
“Cool, I will keep my ears open... I will pass along anything I hear.”
“Thanks Jamie.  Talk to you later.”
“Laters.”

I clicked the phone off and went over to the computer.  I went through the emails until I found the latest email from Jamie and clicked it open.  
There were three picture attachments in the email and I opened them up full screen.  
The first picture was of a black business card with account number on it, the wax Bitcoin symbol had been cracked open and an empty circle was the only thing left in its place.
The second picture was of a metal disc about the size of the hole in the wax.  In fact, there was some red wax left on the little disc, clinging to a set of two wires that dangled off one side.  
The third photo was of the disc again but this time it was cracked open.  Inside the disc was a green wafer like material and many, many small circuits.  I recognized its design instantly.  It was a tracking device, one much like the ones the agency used in many different applications.  Of course, I had found a few in my possession at one time or another.
I considered the photos for a long moment, and wondered briefly about the other cards that Mark possessed and where exactly they had come from.  Then I remembered the encounter last night with the intruder, and the white card he had been given.  Mark had mentioned something about an email address, and that it was through that email address contact would be made.  
I grabbed my phone and loaded up the blockchain wallet app.  I scrolled to the first set of numbers and letters.  On a hunch, I compared the set on the business card to that of a normal receiving Bitcoin account.  They matched the length of the account with one addition, there was an additional character at the end of the sequence on the business card.  It was the @ symbol.  
Struck with an idea, I pulled up the web browser and opened the Gmail page.  After logging out of my account, I tried putting the first set of characters as the login name and the second as the password.  To my utter surprise, it worked.  I looked through the short list of emails.
The oldest email was a brief hello, welcome to the list.  It was sent from an account name similar to the random numbers and letters as this one.  However at the bottom of the message the salutation was, Regards, S. Clause.
The next message on the list was even shorter.  Account credited, List updated.  Again it was signed, Regards, S. Clause.  It was the newest and final message of the bunch that made the hair on my neck stand up.
We are disappointed, as per the rules of the list you are not to approach or contact the current figurehead for any reason.  You have been deducted two spots on the list.  Any further issues will result in the immediate removal of List privileges and other more drastic measures to prove our resolve.  Please consult the black card for your account changes.
As I sat staring at the monitor, a new message came in.  This time there was no message included in the email, just a video attachment.  Curious as always, I clicked open the file and the computer began to play a high quality video of a basement I recognized quite well.  It was Mark’s basement from just down the street.  I watched the video, trying to place where the camera was in the room.  It looked like it was somewhere in the entertainment area, maybe just below his LCD TV.  I would have to check that area next time I was over at Mark’s a little closer.  As I was watching the screen, my hair prickled for the second time that morning.  I saw my own lanky body walk into the frame, carrying two micro cameras and looking around at the room.  I continued to watch myself as I pulled over a chair and climbed up to place the first of the cameras.  
“Shit,” I swore as I watched in disbelief.
The video clip ended as my onscreen self was making his way back upstairs.
As the video ended, my inbox chimed with a new message.
Dreading what I was about to see I slowly moved the mouse over to click on the new message.
“You are in over your head... but your help is appreciated.  You have done us a great service by aiding Mr. Hunter in his time of need.  You will be allowed to monitor his situation if you wish, in order to appease your curiosity, but please do not contact your friend in the CIA again.  We do not wish to complicate our arrangement with our current figurehead.  
To thank you for your assistance we have added an account for you on the list.  Feel free to experiment with it at your leisure.  The List is a social experiment and although you may perceive it has certain... misgivings, we assure you that is not the case.  We are still working the bugs out of the game and sincerely want no untoward experiences to happen in the future.
I slumped back in the chair for a minute, exhausted and amazed at the same time.  I stood up slowly, walked over to the white board and with a swift movement, erased the bulk of the writing on it with one swipe.
Picking up a black marker, I wrote in capital letters.
OVER MY HEAD.
Josie barked at me from her spot on the bed, reminding me of other more mundane duties.
“Okay girl, go get your leash,” I sighed.
I needed time to think about the bombs that had dropped on my head today.  The dog was truly a welcomed distraction at the moment.

CHAPTER 11 – Hospitals Stink

(FYI) BITCOIN FAUCETS – Faucets are websites that grant you a small amount of BTC for free.   Usually this amount is rather insignificant, maybe pennies a day.  In some cases, all you have to do is visit the site and input your receiving account. Other sites require you to click through ads in addition to submitting your account number.   The faucets themselves are usually supported by donations or through ads.  So, is it worth it?  In my opinion... sometimes it is just a waste of time but if you have the time and want to give it a go, it can’t hurt.



The sun was hiding behind the clouds today, giving the July air a cooler feel then over the last couple of days.  Several lawn sprinklers were systematically sweeping across the well-manicured lawns of the subdivision as Josie and I made our way down the block.  Ahead, two familiar forms were making their way back from the park.  Mark and Pluto paused at the front of their house and waited for our approach.
“Morning Rob,” Mark waved as we came near.
Pluto sat at Mark’s feet and gave us an exhausted woof to communicate his heart-felt hello as well.  I watched him wag his stubby little tail back and forth on the sidewalk’s cement.  Josie gave an enthusiastic bark and charged to the end of her leash, dragging me forward until the two dogs were nose to nose.
“Man those two love each other,” Mark said gazing at the two mutts.  “It’s nice to see the little chubby guy happy.  He was pretty miserable last night, grumbling and slobbering all over the bed.”
“I think I would be the same way if I got kicked in the balls.”  I said sourly.
Mark nodded and said, “About last night, I wanted to thank you again.  It was nice to have someone there to help.  To be honest, I was scared shitless.  Even though I kicked his ass, it made me realize the situation...  well, never mind.  Just thank you...”  
Mark held out his hand and I shook it.  
“Any time,” I said, brushing it off like it was no big deal.  “I think I know what you are going through.”
I considered telling Mark about the emails and rather telling video evidence I received earlier this morning.  I quickly decided against it, Mark looked strung out enough as it was.  He didn’t need anything else on his plate right now.  Besides, I wasn’t sure if he knew about my monitoring devices or the fact that S. Clause was watching both of us.
“So did you talk to Julia yet?  She keeps bugging me, trying to wrest the nitty gritty about you and your life back in DC.”
I shuffled my feet uncomfortably.  I had been putting off going on a real date with her.  I knew it was silly, but things were a little too crazy with the Sato case right now to add her into the mix. When mom came home tomorrow, maybe then I would make the effort.
Mark smiled with silent laughter as I ducked the topic to change it to my mom’s homecoming.
“Silvia comes home from the hospital tomorrow, the Doc’s gave her a clean bill of health and I pick her up in the morning.”
“Well that’s some good news.  But does that mean your vacation is over then?”
“Soon,” I told him, “I really need to get back to the office.  My secretary has been holding down the fort but things are getting a bit backlogged. The sooner I am back the better.  I will just get her settled in and then I will be on the move again.”
“Why don’t you slide by the house tonight, say around eight?”  Mark asked with an odd grin on his face.  “I was planning on ordering some sushi or maybe some Chinese.  I wouldn’t mind a little company after the crap that happened last night.  Sound good?”
I looked at him with a sideways glance and could tell instantly that the man was up to something.  However, it was a done deal as soon as he mentioned sushi. I love me some sushi, so I agreed anyway.
“Sure, eight sounds good.  Do you need me to bring anything?”
“Nope, just yourself.  If you feel up to it maybe we can go have a game of pool afterwards.”
“Okay Mark, cya then.”


Hospitals stink.  I wasn’t really sure what it was about them that I hated the most.  The smell, I thought taking a whiff of the air, definitely the smell.  A mix of detergents, disinfectants and generally bad body odors pervaded the hallway as I strode toward my mother’s room.  Several of the nurses waved in greeting as I passed the nurses’ station.  One of them, I think her name was Tracy stopped me to tell me that Dr. Phillip was on his way up.  As soon as he signed some paperwork, my mom would be clear to leave.  I nodded my thanks as I continued on my trek.  Tonya was at her desk and gave me a wide wicked smile as I passed.  
I had gotten to know them all fairly well over the last couple weeks and to be honest, wasn’t going to miss them or this hospital any time soon.  Finally arriving at my mom’s room, I stepped through the door after a polite knock.  
Silvia Dunhill was a small frail woman that had the spirit of a donkey and the strength of a tiger.  She had already changed out of her hospital garb and into her street clothes.  Her bags were packed and she was sitting on the bed which was straighten and made to military specifications.  She stood up slowly as I entered the room, her age showing just a bit in her posture.
“Robbie, where have you been?” she asked.  “I have been waiting for you since eight o’ clock.  The doctors told me yesterday I could go home.”
“Yes, Mom...”  I said a bit sullenly.  “We still need to wait for the Doc to come by and sign off on your papers.  I just spoke to one of the nurses before I came in.  He is on his way up right now.  It won’t be more than five more minutes.”
“Was it Tracy or Tonya you were talking to dear?” Silvia Dunhill, the matchmaker inquired.  “Tracy is a bit young for you but she is such a nice girl.  I don’t know about that Tonya though, she seems more of a floozy, she shows too much cleavage for a hospital nurse.  That is unless you are watching one of those daytime shows.”  
I looked at my Mom and gave her an exasperated shake of the head. She cared for me deeply but she had never understood why I hadn’t married and settled down.  If she had her way, I would have been married the second I graduated university instead of joining the military.  It was the same thing every time I saw her.  Are you seeing anyone, when am I going to see some grandbabies... In fact I was pretty sure she was just winding up for one of those beauties right now.  She didn’t disappoint me.  
“You know Robbie.  I have been thinking about your girl problems and...”
My cellphone buzzed and the secret agent man ringtone started to play.
“Hold on to that thought mom, I have to take this... its work,” I said with a smile, thankful for Jamie’s interruption.  
I pulled the phone out and clicked answer as I exited the room.
“What’s going on Jamie?  I didn’t think I was going to hear from you quite so soon,” I said quietly, not wanting to disturb the patients as I headed toward an underused section of the hallway.
“Rob... I know...things just picked up around here.   The boys upstairs have been red flagging a lot of things you might find... interesting.  In fact, things are so interesting I had an agent stop by my desk this morning.  Tom, one of my golfing buddies, asked me to relay a few things to you, minus some of the sensitive tidbits.  He knows you and I have history and on the off chance I could get ahold of you, to do so.  Anyway, he was looking for a bit of info and would consider it a personal favor if I managed to help him out.”
“So they are dropping me as a suspect?”  I asked raising my voice in excitement.  
“I think so,” Jamie said.  “They still want to bring you in for questioning but I think something happened that shifted their focus away from you.”
I thought of the video that was shown to me earlier and wondered if there was a connection.  I must have drifted away in my thoughts because I heard Jamie clearing his throat.
“Really?  One of the big boys asking for a favor? I asked, jumping back on topic.  “That can’t happen very often.”
“It doesn’t happen Rob.  Never.  I don’t know what’s going on but something has caught the CIA’s interest and I think it has something to do with a Mr. Sato Clause.”
“Sato?  Sato Clause?” I remarked.  “They tied a last name on the Sato file now?”
“Yup and there are few more cases around here running the Bitcoins angle as well.  I saw a warrant go out for a wiretap on the Capone family, the whole family.  There were a few other items I noticed on the monitors as well.”
“Like what?”
“The guys busted up a chop shop down in the west end.  They took down the group without a problem but as forensics were going through the garage, they found a blackboard full of Bitcoin accounts.  It turns out they were using the Bitcoins as an untraceable way of buying and selling the cars.  Thieves would get paid via the coins and then buyers would buy the salvaged parts the same way.”
“Did you check the accounts against the List?”
“Ya, that was the first thing I thought of but none of them matched.   Well, to be honest we couldn’t tell for sure.  When the shop was raided, someone wiped a section of the board.  Without a complete address, it was impossible to make any connections.   It was a real pain looking at those account numbers.  It made my eyes all crazy.  Anyway about that favor?”
“What is it?”
“Tom wants you.  He wants a personal face to face debriefing in his office ASAP.”
“I can do that.  Just give me a couple days to follow a lead I have going on here.  If it turns out, I might be able to deliver some hard evidence on Sato.”
“Okay Rob, I will tell him.  Just don’t make me look bad buddy.  These guys know how to hold a grudge.”
“Fine,” I said.  “Got anything else?”
“Just one other thing, I wasn’t going to mention it but... well it was kinda nice to see after all the crap I get to watch all day long and you know how I love my movie tie ins.”
“And?”  I pressed.
“You know who Robin Hood is, stole from the rich and gave to the poor?”
“Of course, he is probably the best excuse for a thief there ever was.  Kevin Costner played him on the big screen at one time.  How is this related to the Bitcoins though?”
“Actually, one of your contacts back in DC sent me a bunch of data.  She said she put a flag on the Bitcoin stuff for you and tasked her computers to do relative matches.  I looked over her data and keep coming back with three ties to the Bitcoins.  Robin Hood, Sato Clause and a Greek god name Plutus.”
“Plutus?”  I asked not sure if I heard him right.
“Ya, Plutus.”  Jamie confirmed.  “He is the Greek god of wealth, or the personification of wealth.  In mythology, he was the son of Iasion and Demeter.  The books say that Zeus blinded him, in order that he might not bestow his favors on righteous men exclusively, but that he might distribute his gifts blindly without any regard to merit.”
I turned around in the hallway and noticed the Doctor standing in the doorway of my mom’s room.  I started heading back to check on things with them just as the doctor left the room, heading in the other direction.
“Good work, Jamie.  I will call you later if I come up with anything, I have to let you go.  I will call you back after I get home.” 
With that, I clicked off the phone and stepped into his mother’s room.
“You good to go mom?”
“Yes Robbie, be a dear and grab my bags for me.  I can’t wait to get out of this dungeon... I miss my little Josie.”
“She misses you too.”
“I can’t wait to take her and Plutus for a walk, I miss those little beasts.”
I almost dropped my mother’s bags and ended up just gawking at her with my mouth wide open for several heartbeats.
“Don’t just stand there looking like a fish, I want to go home Robert.  I don’t have time for your silly little charades.”
“You just said Plutus?  You mean Pluto don’t you mom?”
“I meant what I said and I said what I meant dear.  Pluto is just a nickname.  His real name is Plutus.”
As I grabbed for mom’s bags and followed her from the room, my brain was buzzing with implications and conjecture.  Dinner tonight with Mark was going to be very, very interesting after all.

CHAPTER 12 – Diner and a Taser

(FYI) Bitcoin ATM - An automated 2-way exchange for Bitcoins and cash that allows you to quickly convert between currencies.  To use it you insert cash, or send us your coins.  The service charges conversion rates as low as 2.5% and features a quick one-confirmation conversion of coins to cash.  Currently the ATM can be found in Waves Coffee - Vancouver, B.C.

The streetlights were on as the setting sun dipped down low on the horizon.  The small Canadian subdivision was quiet and still even as the summer breeze blew.  Nights like this seemed to stand out of time, a chance to sit back and just think as the world slowed in this one instance.  I was wearing a black pair of dress paints and a light blue button down shirt.  I had left my suit jacket and tie at home, it was only Mark’s place and maybe some pool at Johnny Shots so I didn’t want to get too carried away.  After all, it wasn’t like it was a fancy restaurant in the city core.  The cement sidewalk soaked up my pounding feet as I made my way down the street to the red brick house.
The outside lights were on and the house gave off a warm homey vibe as I walked up the drive.  The Viper was absent from the driveway but was most likely parked inside the two car garage for the night.  
“Hey Mar...”  I said as I walked through the door.
I was stunned by what I found waiting inside.
The main room of the house had been made over to look like a small Italian restaurant.  The lights were dimmed all around the room and a small table had been placed in the middle of the open concept room.  It had a typical red and white checkerboard tablecloth, along with a short white candle.  The room was beautiful, full of artwork, vases and sculptures but all of those trinkets paled to the beauty that stood in the kitchen sipping a glass of red wine.
“Hello Rob,” Julia Oliver said with a wicked grin full of perfect white teeth.
I knew somewhere in the back of my mind I was staring but the woman had me struck dumb by her looks.  Julia was wearing a black sheath of a dress that hugged her athletic curves and exposed her long sculpted legs.  Her long brown hair was swept up in a long weaving braid that crowned her head.   She watched me as I just stood there smiling at her until I finally found my voice.
“Julia, hi,” I managed, noticing a sudden tightness in my voice.  
I tried to keep cool as I closed the door behind me and walked over to the table.  Julia kept her green gaze on him and picked up a wine bottle as she made her way to the table.  
“Wine, Mr. Dunhill,” she asked.
“Yes please... Ms. Oliver.”  I said, accepting the wine glass and allowing her to pour for me.
I took a small sip of the wine and delighted in its sweet flavors.
“Oh, that’s good wine.”  
“Only the best from our host tonight,” Julia said as she raised her glass in a salute to the missing host.
“Where is Mark?  He said to be here for eight.”
“Not to worry Rob, you’re right on time.  Mark needed to step out for a minute.  He said something about picking up a last minute parcel.  He won’t be long... He’ll be back before dinner gets here for sure.”
I doubted that was entirely correct as the settings at the small table were only set for two.  I smiled to myself as the trap folded neatly in around me.  Since I was caught so expertly, I decided to make the most of it.  
“I’m sorry I haven’t called.  I...”
“Stop,” Julia said with a light laugh.  “I get it, your only back for a little while, you aren’t staying.  I get it.”  
Julia let the grin slide off her face and set the wine glass down.  She reached for my glass and put it down on the table beside her own.  Her eyes seemed to smolder as she looked at me and stepped a bit closer.
“I just wanted to spend a little time with you before you left.   I know I am being a bit forward but sometimes you just need to stir things up a bit.”
I know I am a great detective and was also a master at deciphering clues but when it came to women, I knew that I was oblivious.  However, with the woman I had been wishing for in front of me, well I guess there was nothing to lose.
I leaned forward and kissed her softly.  Julia leaned into the kiss and wrapped her arms around my neck.  I felt her tight body against me and for the first time in a long time, things just felt right.
“A little music, some wine and good company, what more can a person ask for,” Mark said as he walked through the door carrying an armful of takeout bags.  “I waited outside as long as I could but the food will get cold if you two don’t get started.”
“Mark...” Julia and I said at the same time.
For his part, Mark just gave them a knowing smile and deposited the bags on the counter.
“You two sit down, I already ate while I was out.  This dinner is for you two.  A little thank you for all your help and for being such good friends.”
I thought that statement was a bit weird but suddenly more important things came to mind as two men stormed in through the front door.  The two men in black tailored suits looked very angry and the two black handguns they pointed our way were equally menacing.
One of the men turned to lock the door behind him and systematically went around the room closing drapes.  The other man looked vaguely familiar.
“Why don’t you three just have a seat at the table?  My friend and I are going to make this quick and then we will be on our way.  No trouble, no pain... understand?”
The three of us complied silently and we each took a seat at the table.
The man holstered his gun and nodded at them.
“Thank you for making this easier.  I would hate for this to go... the other way.”
“Other way?”  Julia asked.
The big man that had been securing the house nodded and patted the gun he had also holstered.
“The other way,” he said in a heavy Italian accent.
“Frankie, tape them up and then go wait out in the car.”
“Sure boss,” Frankie said as he pulled a thick roll of silver duct tape out from under his suit jacket and proceeded to secure us to the chairs around the table.  Once he was done, Frankie departed the house, locking the door behind him.
“There we go, alone together at last.  Oh, you will forgive me for not introducing myself sooner.  My name is Jonathan Capone.  I believe one or all of you might have met my recently deceased brother, Tony.”
Mark nodded slowly and said, “I met your brother, about a week ago.  He was here on some... family business.  I gave him a card to bring back to his boss and I swear that is the last I saw of him.”
“Relax, relax... Mr. Hunter,” Jonathan said in a gravelly voice.  “I have no doubts to the truth of your story.  My brother died as a result of a motor vehicle accident, there is no foul play suspected.   However, I am here in his place and my father wanted me to... ensure your compliance with our wishes.  One way or the other, I am here to make sure this deal gets done.”
Mark shook his head slowly and said, “I’m going to tell you the same thing I told your brother.  I have no control of the list.  I swear I am just the figurehead... I can make minor changes to the list but that’s all.  
“Mr. Hunter, please relax.  I am a businessman first and foremost, whatever stereotypes you have seen from the movies... well, those might be a little inaccurate in some cases,” Mr. Capone said as he patted the holstered gun.  “I will do whatever it takes to get our account at the top of that list... whatever you need to make it happen just tell me, I can make it happen.  Money, drugs, hookers... I have countless assets available to me with a single phone call.”
“Mr. Capone, please...  I can put your account at the top of the list, but it won’t stay there.  The donation slots are assigned by amounts, the bigger the donation, the higher the spot and confirmed by an email I received from a guy called Sato...  I don’t even know what happens to the Bitcoins that come in... I send them to another account usually the same day.”
Jonathan Capone strode over to Mark and looked down his large crooked nose at him.  “Son, are you telling me that those numbers you gave Tony are accurate?”
Mark looked from me to Julia and then back to Capone.  Without breaking eye contact he said, “Yes, the donation amounts are very accurate.”
Capone rocked back on his heels, “Dammmn,” he said with a touch of awe in his voice.  He started to rub his jaw as he stared down at Mark.
“Look, before you get any ideas, I can’t access the money,” Mark pleaded.  “Once the funds come in, and I mean all funds, big and small, they are forwarded to another account.  It is part of my deal as the figurehead, I get a portion of the book sales and a finder’s fee.
“So, who are you sending the money to?”  Capone said leaning forward into Mark’s face.
“I think the money goes to a man I only know as Sato Clause.  He is the man behind the list.  I swear I run the whole thing for him, based on his instructions.  I can give you the account I transfer the money to, I can give you it all, to tell you the truth, I am sick of the whole mess.  I am going bat shit crazy with all this crap.  It’s not worth it, it really isn’t.”
Capone looked around the table and considered the trio.  “Okay, saying I believe you, and let me be clear... I don’t.  Give me all your passwords and how you contact Mr. Clause.  I will go over it all, and then, we will see where we stand.  How does that sound?”
“That’s more than fair,” Mark said agreeably.  “The computer downstairs is logged in to the website, the main Bitcoin account’s password is under the bobble head figure of Darth Vader.  Logging into my ewallet will show you all the transactions for the entire life of the account.”
Capone listened quietly and stood back slowly.  “And your contact information for Clause?”
“That part is a little tricky,” Mark said. 
When Capone grew agitated he added, “But he did leave me a way to contact him in emergencies.” 
“I have a silver card in my wallet.  Take it and break the Bitcoin’s wax seal, under it will be Sato’s emergency phone number.”  
Mark leaned forward off the chair as Capone reached into his back pocket to retrieve the wallet.  He pulled the silver card from the wallet and studied it.
“You three stay here, don’t try anything stupid, I swear if I hear a single siren I will shoot you dead and worry about the cops later... got it?”
Three heads nodded their understanding as the large man headed downstairs.  They waited for several minutes in silence.
  I fidgeted in my seat trying to beat down my curious nature, but as usual, I failed.
“This whole thing is crazy, but I have to know, what the hell is the list?” I asked in a harsh whisper.  “I mean I understand how you get on the list and how you move up on the list.  But why?  Why is higher better?”

Mark considered me for a minute and then shrugged his shoulders.  He let out a big sigh before saying, “I really don’t know... well I can guess a few things but I really don’t know.”
“You don’t know?” I said trying to hold back my doubt.
“Nope, the list is a lot like the Bitcoins themselves, it’s a virtual thing.  The only value it has is what people make of it.”
“Give me an example.”
“Okay sure, ahh...  okay, one of the ones I know for sure is a faucet.  Well, kind of a faucet.  The donation money goes to Sato and from there, it gets trickled all across the list at random.  I know this works because I have a couple of accounts on the list... I just put them there for testing purposes but I never took them down.  Those dummy accounts get a few coins put in them once in a while.”
Julia looked forward, still scared but very interested in the topic.   “I have to admit I have an account on the list too,” she said mildly.  “It hasn’t picked up many coins but I am using it to drive traffic to my photography site.  I paid a few coins to get my website URL attached to the list.  I threw a couple more of my Bitcoins into the account to add on one of my best prints.”
She had a rosy blush to her cheeks and such a sweet innocent lilt to her voice that I caught myself staring at her.
“I have to say it works pretty good too,” she continued.  “I can’t tell you the exact numbers but my sales have increase quite a bit since I added it to the list.”
“Anything else you can think of?”  I asked, switching my attention to Mark.  “I mean why are the Capones so crazy to be on the list, and why don’t they just donate the money?  I mean they were all set to pay you off already, just put the money towards that instead.”
Mark shook his head, “Nope, you don’t understand the money we are talking about... sure the amounts I see are around that much but I also keep an eye on some of the top ten accounts.  Not too long ago I started seeing Bitcoins travelling up the List.  Instead of going through me though, the coins go from one account to another on the List.  These bigger accounts usually kickback a percentage to the List as a donation.  It ensures a higher ranking for them.”
I shrugged my shoulders, “How much?  A few thousand bucks, ten grand at the most?”
Mark gave a short bark of a laugh.  “Dude, you won’t even break the top one hundred with that and I see multiple deposits from those accounts monthly to stay on top. Well, that money isn’t actually real money unless you convert it at an exchange and the value itself is pretty volatile.  I think right now, one coin is worth one hundred and twenty bucks, U.S.  The price can drop at a moment’s notice, hell it could even be worthless if everyone stopped believing in it.”
“I really didn’t know we were in that ballpark... that’s crazy cash.”
“Okay, but why do the Capone’s want top slot?  What other things can the list be used for?”  Julia asked as she tapped her chin.
“It could be anything I really don’t know,” Mark said a bit vaguely.
“Think Mark, it might give us an edge if we knew why?”  I added my words to the argument.
“It could be anything,” Mark hedged.  “I... well, I have gotten a few emails about some other stuff?”
“Other stuff?”  Julia and I asked in unison.
“Yes, a couple accounts were asking about pyramid schemes and one guy even called the list a Ponzi scheme.”
“Ponzi?  Pyramid?”  Julia queried.
I stepped into the question and provided some of my knowledge. “Ponzi schemes are like investment deals.  They basically promise investors higher returns than other investments but they usually pay them with their own money or give them short-term returns from the newer investors.  It requires a continual stream of funds, any interruptions and it collapses.”
“And the Pyramid thingy?” Julia reminded me.
“It’s a lot like the Ponzi scheme,” I said.  “Except instead of a single person benefiting the most at the top, it requires its members to recruit participants.  In the case of a pyramid it’s the recruiters that get the most out of it.”
Mark cleared his throat and said, “I can’t see the list being used for either of those schemes.  It just won’t work that way.  Money doesn’t flow up from the list, at least nothing coming into the main receiving account.”
“It’s got to be something to do with the Capone’s illegal activities,” Julia guessed. 
Mark threw around a few of his ideas.  “Money laundering, drug sales... I don’t know... something like that.  I know about one black market site and a guy named Dread.”
“Quite good guesses, you have very active imaginations,” Capone said coming back up from the basement.  
He held up the silver card to them, the wax seal broken and discarded.
“I have forwarded the number to the family.  They will look into the matter from their end,” he said.
“That’s great,” Mark said, breathing a sigh of relief.  “This damn tape was really starting to bug me and to tell you the truth, that food on the counter is making me hungry.”
“Oh, you aren’t going to be getting any of that food,” Capone said flatly.
“Fine, fine...” Mark said. “I get it, you are taking it with you.  Just let us...”
“Mark, you don’t get it do you,” I told him. “We aren’t going to eat... ever again.”
“Very perceptive... Mr. Dunhill was it?”  Capone said as he put his hand on the butt of the gun in his holster.  “However, you are mistaken... Mark is coming with me.  You two on the other hand are... expendable.”
“Oh shit,” Mark swore.
It was that moment when the world turned dark and chaos ran wild.  The lights in the house went off.  I pushed off my chair, heading in the general direction Julia was sitting.  I felt her body tumble beneath my rush as the first muffled shot rang out.  Something thudded into the table over our heads as another sound broke the air.  
An electric buzz and clicking noise cracked into life and an accompanying blue flare lit the room.  Capone managed to groan and sputter before his heavy body sank to the floor in the dim blue light.
“You guys okay?”  A familiar voice called from the darkness.
“I’m good,” Mark called.
“Me too, if Mr. Heavy-ass gets off me,” Julia called from under my chest.
“Sorry Julia,” I said to the woman under me as I rolled to one side.
Julia wiggled free and even though still bound hand and foot, wiggled her way up to my face.  She gave me a very rough and very passionate kiss that made my heart thud heavily in my chest.
As Julia pulled back, her words came to me softly in the darkness.  “Thank you,” she breathed.
“Anytime,” I managed to whisper back.
It was then that the lights came back on.
The first thing I saw was Julia grinning at me and I couldn’t help but smile back as the waves of relief washed through my body.  It was a struggle getting back to my feet with the duct tape still binding my hands and feet.  As the view of the room shifted, I finally caught a glimpse of our rescuer.  It was David, the young intruder I had Tasered not too long ago.  My relieve quickly disappeared as I caught a glimpse of a similar Taser being held in David’s hands.
David noticed the guarded expressions around the room and put his hands up defensively.  “I’m just here to help guys, I swear.”
Mark and I shared a dubious look.
“What are you talking about?  Why are you here?”  Mark demanded.
“I told you I am here to help, I got a phone call from a guy who said you were in trouble.”  David told them, trying not to grin.
They all gave him a blank look, waiting for an explanation.
“Okay, okay...” he said.  “I will tell you, it all started after I broke the wax seal on that card you gave me.  It had an email address on it, I logged in and whoever had the email, well they started sending me messages.”
“What kind of messages?”  I asked, remembering a similar email I had contacted not so long ago.
“Someone asked me a bunch of questions and stuff.  They even knew when I was lying.  They knew a few really personal things as well.  It blew my mind.  Anyway, this one email came in offering me a job.  They gave me a Bitcoin account with a bunch of coins in it and the next day I got a FedEx package with a bunch of gadgets and a cellphone in it.  I was told that if that cellphone ever rang I was to answer and follow its instructions to the letter. 
David gave us a wide smile before continuing, “It rang about twenty minutes ago.  The message I got said that you guys were in trouble and if I saved you without involving the cops... well... I would get a bonus. It was a piece of cake, I knew there were two guys and one of them was outside sitting in a car.  I walked up to him and Tasered his ass.  I duct taped him to the car seat and then snuck into the basement.”  
David turned to look at Mark and said, “You should really lock your windows down there, it’s the first place thieves look.  Anyway, I put this timer gadget next to the fuse box, pulled on these sweet night vision goggles and waited.”  
Capone shifted on the ground and groaned loudly.  David gave the Taser’s trigger a small squeeze that put the big man down flat again.  He then pulled out a knife and walked over to cut Mark’s bonds.
“I don’t know who the hell is behind this... but I want to say sorry for the other night, especially about the dog,” David said, shaking his head.  “I feel really bad about that... I was desperate but that’s no excuse.”
“I think we are even now,” Mark said looking down at Capone.  “And thank you.”
“Yes, thank you,” Julia said as her bonds were cut.  
She rubbed her wrists and then wrapped David in a big hug, her eyes tearing up as she held him.  I had to admit for a minute there... I was jealous.  Seeing David preoccupied with Julia, Mark retrieved a pair of scissors from the kitchen and cut my bonds.
“So what’s next?”  I asked David, who seemed to have all the answers.
“Mr. Capone and his friend have a couple outstanding warrants that get them off the streets for the next couple years.  I’m going to drive their car a few miles away then tip off the cops,” David said as he pulled away from Julia.
I walked over to where Capone was twitching on the floor.  He was out cold and drooling all over the floor.  I leaned down to pull Capone’s gun from its holster and with a deft movement unloaded the gun before putting it back in its sling.  
“Grab that duct tape Mark,” I said, taking charge.  “David, pull their car into the garage, I don’t want the neighbors seeing us manhandling this guy into the trunk.”
David nodded and dashed off as Mark began wrapping the tape around the mobster’s limbs.
Julia breathed a sigh of relief.  
“I think I am going home.  I think I lost my appetite for the next week or so,” she said before giving Mark a hug.  “Thank you for the... interesting night.”
She walked over to me and gave me a hug as well.  This time she added a quick kiss on the lips.  
“You better call me this time or I am going to call David to come over and Taser you,” she teased.
I gave her a wide grin and agreed, “I promise.”
Julia nodded and left, leaving the men to their business.
“I’m glad that is over,” Mark said as they watched Julia walk down the driveway and turn up the street.  “I wasn’t feeling too good about all that before David showed up.”
Mark wrapped an arm around my shoulder as we walked back into the house and said, “I think Capone would have let us live, to tell you the truth.  I think he got whatever he needed and was done with us whether it worked out for him or not.
“Ya, I think you are right,” I lied.
I knew exactly how it was about to go down but I think Mark was in denial of how close we had all come to a bad ending.  I don’t know whether it was a change of heart or the near death experience I had just gone through but I decided to let Mark know what I had been up to for the past while.  
“Mark I have to come clean about a couple of things,” I started slowly.
Mark raised an eyebrow at me, curious at the tone of my voice.
“I know you think I am a detective from DC, but to be a bit more specific, I hunt identity thieves.  I was working a case back home when I caught a break on a cold case of mine.”
Mark had crossed his arms as he listened, his face impassive.
I continued, “The guy behind that unsolved case was named... Sato.”
Mark just stood there looking at me... waiting.
“I used our friendship to get close enough to spy on you.  To find out if you were Sato, “I confessed.”
“And?”  He asked with a calm steady voice but there was something in his eyes... a twinkle or something that gave me the strength to push through.
“You know, I thought I had this all figured out.  I really thought you were the mastermind behind the whole list thing and you were just playing the patsy.”
“Really?”  he laughed.
His barking laugh made me let go of the tension and worry that had been building up inside me.
“Yup,” I told him.  “I figured out that the list was originally setup for the rich to help the poor.   Like Robin Hood or maybe Santa Claus,” I said as I watched Mark for his reaction, seeing none forth coming I continued.  “But it was Plutus that really made up my mind.  There was no way that the dog’s name matching up to this whole thing could be a coincidence, no way.”
“You really don’t believe I came up with this whole mess do you?”
“Actually it wasn’t until David told us his story I started to think I was wrong.  I was sitting with you the whole time, there was no way you made the phone call that brought him here to save us just in time.  No way.”
Mark shrugged.  
“This thing is bigger than me Rob, it’s bigger than you... it’s bigger than the mob and it’s only going to get bigger.  I still cannot tell you half of the stuff I know about Sato but I have a feeling you might find out soon enough.  You are definitely persistent enough.”
They both shared a laugh and Mark patted my shoulder.  I heard the garage door clanking up and then down again as David pulled in.
“Why don’t you take off Rob?  David and I can take care of getting Capone into the trunk.  Besides, I have a few things I need to do, changing passwords, accounts and stuff.  Call me tomorrow afternoon, we can take the dogs for a little walk and maybe I can clear a couple things up for your curious mind.”
I nodded, “Okay bud, tomorrow.”  
I started walking home but even as I took the first couple steps onto Oakwood something started scratching at the back of my mind.  I continued on my way home and tried to give the things in my mind time to come up to the surface.  My black SRT Jeep was sitting in the driveway, all washed up and ready for a drive.  Now that the CIA was not hounding me, I had time for a bit of fun.  I pulled out the keys and unlocked the doors.  Just as I stepped onto my mom’s driveway, it hit me.    In a panic, I turned back to look toward Mark’s house.  That thing in my head that was telling me something was wrong.  It was the fact that the garage door had never opened to let David leave.  Capone was still in the house.  
I watched in horror as my fears came true.  I heard several unmistakable gunshots coming from Mark’s house and then watched as the garage door opened and a dark sedan rushed out.  I couldn’t see inside the dark tinted windows as it passed but I knew for certain that it was Capone and Mark in the car.  
I was up and into my Jeep in a heartbeat.  The big hemi engine roared to life and I rushed down the street.  I saw David’s body sprawled out on the cement floor just as the garage door finished closing.  Bullet holes had torn through his body leaving the man in a broken and quite dead mess.  I didn’t have time to check though, I had just caught a glimpse of the sedan making a right turn off Oakwood.  I gunned the engine and squealed off in pursuit.
CHAPTER 13 – The Chase

(FYI) BITCOIN CRASH / CHINESE BANK – As I am writing this book the prices of Bitcoins have gone up... quite a bit.  They have surged to over $1000 USD over the last month but just today they crashed to just under $750 USD a coin.  It all happened after Baidu, China’s largest search engine, stopped accepting Bitcoins as a form of payment.  This was quickly followed by China’s central bank announcement to prohibit financial institutions in the country from process or insuring Bitcoin transactions. 


The SRT Jeep caught up with Capone’s sedan in short order.  I wasn’t sure if it was my driving skills or the fact Capone didn’t think anyone was following him or not.  That all changed when my headlights came up a little too quickly behind the sedan. I only had a second to swerve out of the way as bullets came flying at me from the rear window of Capone’s car.  There must have been one hell of an assault rifle in there shooting at me I thought.  Bullets tore through the windshield next to my face spraying me with safety glass.  The Jeep’s wheels spun on the gravel at the side of the road before they got a grip and launched me back onto the road.  I cursed my stupidity as I thought about the weapons bag I would normally carry in the back of this beast.  If the mobsters in the car ahead got wise to the fact I didn’t have a gun, they might just stop their car and shoot me dead.
Before those thoughts had a chance to break into their minds, I accelerated into the back of their car.  My only real chance was to knock their car off the road.  I would just have to improvise after that.
The cars slammed together a few times but the mobster’s sedan continued down the road straight as an arrow.  I was just coming in for another pass when the assault gun started firing again.  I swerved but ended up over-correcting, it was then one of the bullets put an end to the chase.  One of my front tires exploded like a shotgun blast.  I fought the steering  wheel which threatened to dance out of my hand and managed to bring the SUV to a stop.
I cursed and punched the dashboard as the black sedan continued on its way and then out of sight.
I let out a breath that I didn’t realize I was holding and let my head fall onto the top of the steering wheel.  I closed my eyes and felt the adrenaline start to fade, leaving my body to shake softly in its absence.  I didn’t even raise my head as I heard a car pull up behind me.  Footsteps started my way as the car came to a stop.
“Rob are you okay?”  a voice called to me.
I lifted my head and blinked my eyes.  
“Julia?”  I said and looked into her beautiful eyes.  “I lost him... they got away.”
“Are you okay though?”  Julia asked again, more forceful this time.
“Ya, I’m good, just broken glass and a blown tire.”
I got out of the SUV and walked over to give her a hug.  “Thanks for coming after me.   Did you see David?”
She nodded her head slowly, her eyes brimming with tears.  I squeezed her tight as she let her head fall onto my shoulder.  It was then I noticed she was driving the Viper that Mark had been parking in his driveway.
I was just about to ask her about the car when my phone rang.  “secret agent man” played loudly in the night air as I pulled the cell from my pocket.
“Jamie?”  I asked curiously.  “Your timing on your last few calls has been a little too remarkable.  If I didn’t know any better I would think you had my phone tapped.
Jamie let out a small chuckle.
“No questions, just listen Dunnie.  I was able to pull up Mark’s cellphone on my system.  I have a bead on him right now but you better get moving, things aren’t going well for the man right now.  I think it will end very, very badly for him if you can’t get to him quickly.”  
I looked at the Viper sitting in the roadway and then smiled.  
“That shouldn’t be a problem,” I said with a tight grin.
“Julia, wait here I’m going after Mark,” I said as I ran over to the Viper that was still running.  I was in the Viper just buckling the seatbelt when the passenger door opened and Julia slid in.
“You see that Jeep there,” I pointed to the bullet-ridden beat up jeep.  “When we catch up to those guys there is going to be much more of that.”
My heart sank as I looked at the grim determined look in her eyes.  A few heartbeats passed as I waited to see the strength of her resolve.  It did not waiver under my gaze.
So reluctantly, I put the car in drive and handed the cellphone to Julia.  
“Relay Jamie’s directions while I drive.” 
I turned to looked at her and I had to admit, I was just a little excited by her company.  I was scared by the possibilities stretching out before us but happy nonetheless.

The Viper’s engine roared as I followed Julia’s relayed directions and wasn’t really surprised when the asphalt roads turned to gravel and then dirt.  Rows of trees sped by as we went deeper into the back county farmland.  
“Slow down at the next turn and cut the lights.  The cell signal has stopped moving.   Jamie says they are at a farmhouse.  He is waiting on satellite feeds to come online.  He will give you updates but thinks you should hump it in?  Hump it,” she questioned holding a hand over the phone.
“Go in on foot,” I supplied and then held my hand out for my phone.
Julia reluctantly handed me the phone and I eyed her carefully.   She was doing remarkably well for just seeing a dead body and chasing after the men that shot it.  Julia saw the look in my eyes and gave me a little wink.  
“I ran auxiliary for the police for a few summers,” She said in explanation, guessing my line of thought.  “I had the downtown beat and we had to deal with gangs and guns a lot.”
“So how come you didn’t become a cop.” I asked, interested in her past.
“It really wasn’t my thing.  At the time, my boyfriend was a cop and I was just doing it on a whim.  Of course after I found the bastard in bed with my best friend the whole cop thing lost its appeal.”
“I think I get where you are coming from,” I said.  “I don’t want to scare you off right now to be honest.  I am going to need your help.  But you have to listen to what I say and move when I tell you to move.  Without a weapon, this might go bad, if it does, try to get out in the woods and stay there until the cops come.  Have you ever fired a gun?”
“Ya, I had a job at the gun range my first year of college.  It was pretty cool but I had this friend and he...”
I held up a hand trying to forestall the explanation.  I didn’t want to know about any more boyfriends right now.
“So, you seem like you have done this before.  Army?”  she guessed.
“I had a couple tours in the middle east,” I told her.  “I guarantee you this won’t be as bad as any of that.  Not if Jamie can get me a satellite feed on that house.”
I opened the black canvas bag I had brought along and grabbed my equipment.  I didn’t have a full assault kit but I did have some gadgets that would make this job go a little smoother.
I pulled out a pair of miniature NV goggles, a Bluetooth ear bud, my trusty Taser and a rather impressive hunting knife and sheath.  
“Nice knife,” Julia breathed as I checked the blade.
I smiled and handed her the Taser.   
“It fires just like a gun, but shoots a pair of barbs.  Hold the trigger to juice the target again, if he needs more encouragement.”
The Bluetooth chimed in my ear and I answered it with a tap.
“I have a good feed,” Jamie said in my ear.  “We have it for twenty minutes before it passes out of range.  So listen up.  There are six confirmed targets and one hostage.  The house is a single story with no basement but has several outbuildings.  Four targets have been seen patrolling the property but as of right now, they are stationary.  Two cars are in the driveway, the one furthest from the house is still hot.  I will give you updates on their movements as we go.”
“What’s the best way in?”  I asked.
“Take the driveway to the first bend and then out into the wooded area.  Continue around the back of the barn.  The first tango will be on the ground level sitting on a tractor.”
“Okay Julie, let’s move,” I said but paused a moment as I considered her outfit.  She was still in the tight black dress she had been wearing earlier but the problem wasn’t the dress, it was the matching black heels she wore.
I frowned and looked down at her shoes and then across to the gravel driveway and wooded area beyond.  
“I don’t want to see you barefoot through all that but those heels aren’t going to work either.”
Julia looked ready to say she was coming anyway when I gave her an alternate plan.
“I have an idea... you have to trust me though.  I can’t be sure how these guys are going to react but wait here for my signal.  I want you in the driver’s seat and ready to tear down that gravel road when I call.  You have your cellphone right?”
She nodded and patted her purse.  
“Ok, crank up that radio and spit some gravel as you go.  When you get through the trees stop and hit the horn.”
“You want me to do what?”
“Be a distraction,” I said trying to sooth her.  “I will take a few of them out quietly and grab their guns... with any luck we can convince Mr. Capone to let Mark go.”
She nodded and leaned over to kiss me.  
“Good luck,” she whispered.
“You too,” I said and slid out of the car.
I trotted down the driveway without looking back.  I hated putting her in the line of fire but if I did my job right, there wouldn’t be any fire.   As long as the goons don’t open up on the car when it comes into view that is.  That nasty thought squirmed out of a dark corner of my mind.  I pushed away the dark thought and moved into the woods.  
“Update?”  I asked Jamie as I reached the edge of the woods.
“No patrol changes so far.  I am working on getting a live feed from Mark’s cellphone.  We won’t have video but I think I can get his mic on.”
“Nice.  I’m going in...” I said and began to move as quietly as I could. 
I made my way to the back of the barn.  Looking through the greenish haze of the night vision goggles there wasn’t much to see.  Capone and his bunch had turned off the outside lights effectively hiding his men from any passerby’s.  The farmhouse itself looked sealed tight but I could see a few gaps in the curtains that let light spill out into the night.
I was almost startled when I heard a soft growling sound coming from the front of the barn.  I had to contain my mirth after sliding forward to the front of the barn and finding a henchman snoring on top of the tractor.  I paused for a moment to check inside the open barn doors.  Having a live satellite feed was great and all, but there were still holes in the coverage.  There could have been a sniper lurking in the barn, staying out of sight until the last moment.  I was relieved to find no one in the barn except for a large tarp covered car.  A section of the tarp had blown off the car revealing a yellow Viper underneath.  I laughed to myself at the coincidence of another supercar in our little sandbox.  It seemed like the Vipers were getting pretty popular around Windsor lately.
I returned my attention to the job at hand.  This was the part I didn’t want Julia to see.  I hoped I could get through this whole night without her seeing what I was about to do... who I was about to become.  These men were part of the group that had killed David, they kidnapped Mark and they sure as hell would have killed us if David hadn’t come in when he did.  
I thought about David, the man who had saved us, the man I had only recently considered a scumbag lowlife.  He saved my life... I owed him this.  A switch flicked off somewhere deep in my soul and the darkness came out to play.

One was cut down as he slept and left where he lay.  Two became a puddle behind the hay.  Three I caught having a pee.  The last came forth and to his dismay, made peace with the angels and then was slain.
I came out of the blackness to the voices screaming in my head as I pulled the night vision goggles from my face.  
“Behind you!”  screamed Jamie in my ear.
I turned to find a rather large man in black had come out of the house and was raising a fucking enormous gun in my direction.  I vaguely recalled his name was Frankie as I cocked my arm back to throw my knife.  Deep inside I knew it was too late.  
“Taser, Taser, Taser,” Julia yelled from the side of the house as she lit the goon up with crackling bolts of electricity.  Frankie dropped like a sack of flour.
“Julia?  What the...”
She actually laughed at me as she considered my dumbfounded expression.
“Look Rob, I might be pretty but I’m not pretty stupid.  I knew you weren’t going to call me in.  It’s okay, I don’t blame you.  But what the hell are you?  A Seal?  Special Ops? You moved like a fricken cat... a ninja cat.”
“Nothing like that... not anymore.  I can’t talk about it right now.  This isn’t over.”
I looked down at the man Julia had Tasered but I couldn’t kill him in front of her.  So I reached down, grabbed the pistol from the ground, and told Julia, “Keep him on the ground, if he moves Taser him again.”  
I didn’t wait for her to answer I just stepped over the prone man and into the house.  I walked through a small foyer and into the main room.  That was where I saw Capone with a gun to Mark’s head.  Mark was tied to a chair and was looking rather panicked.   
“Stay right there or he is dead,” Capone threatened, nudging Mark’s head with the barrel of the gun.
I stopped at the edge of the room and pointed my gun at Capone.
“Me and Mark are going to walk out of here,” Capone said, letting anger seep into his words.  “You stand there and don’t fucking move.  Once I get to the highway, I will drop him at the side of the road and we can all get on with our lives.  I have the information I wanted.  I think we can call it even Mr. Dunhill.   I am guessing with the lack of noise outside, my men are dead?”
I stared blankly at him, waiting.
As expected, Capone grew nervous.  But to give the man credit, he held his ground and didn’t beg or plead his case further.  This was the hardest part of the mission.  It all came down to nerves and timing.  At the moment, it looked like the nerves were evenly matched.  I watched Capone’s eyes for a trace of doubt or fear.  There was nothing in the man’s eyes, not a flicker of emotion... a perfect poker face.  I didn’t trust the man, and I wasn’t going to risk anyone’s life on the chance I could.
I wanted a second option but I doubted Capone would go for it.  But I threw up the shot anyway.
“How about we both put our guns away and you just walk out of here,” I offered.  “The information you have is yours, consider it an exchange for our lives.  You go your way... we go ours.  
Capone considered my words and then gave me a wicked sneer that had my trigger finger itching.  
I thought he was about to shoot but then he said, “I have everything I came here for.  My name is going back on top of that list and everything will go back to the way it was supposed to be.  You make sure this little turd doesn’t fuck with that... you got it?”
I nodded and to be honest I was surprised when Capone agreed.
“Okay,” he said grimly.  “You got a deal.  We do it my way though.  I am going to point my gun at you.  You go to the far side of the room and I exit this house through the front door.  You make any stupid moves and we both get shot.  We both keep calm and we both walk away from this and move on.  I've got to say you’ve got some pretty big balls, but you have my respect.  I give you my word I will leave you alone, as long as this information is on the up and up that is.”
I called out a warning to Julia.  
“Julia, Capone is coming out the front door.  Unhook the man from your Taser and head around to the back door.  Knock on the door when you get there but don’t come in.  Do it now.”
I heard a timid.  “Got it.” from Julia and we waited for the knock at the back door.
“Ok? Ready?”  Capone asked when we heard her signal.
“Ok.  Go,” I told him.
I walked around the edge of the room, keeping my gun trained on Capone.  In turn, he started to move around to the front door.  He continued backing out of the house and as he left, gave me a little nod.  With that, he was gone.  
I walked to the side of one of the windows and peered out.  Capone had his gun pointed at the window I was standing at.  He had picked up Frankie and shoved him into the backseat of the car.  He then slid into the front seat of the car and backed out of the driveway.   In a few seconds, he was gone.
“Jamie?”  I asked, tapping the Bluetooth headset.
“The satellite is almost out of range.  I can’t track him but I can see the car heading east towards the highway.  Good job by the way.  That could have gone south really easy.  I’m glad your friends are okay.  Call me when you get home, I have something we need to talk about.”
“Roger that Jamie and thank you.  I couldn’t have done it without you.”
I ended the call with Jamie and looked over to where Julia was untying Mark.  The man looked a little rough around the edges but he was going to be just fine.
I smiled at them and walked over to give them all a hug.

CHAPTER 14 – The Sato Clause

(FYI) LEARN MORE ABOUT BITCOINS – If you really want to learn more about Bitcoins or just want to ask a few questions I highly recommend visiting REDDIT.COM.  It is a great community of people that can answer any questions you might pose.  It is also a great way to learn about the Bitcoin community through the experiences these people share with each other.  If you would care to check it out visit the /r/bitcoin/ subreddit.  One other great feature about REDDIT... they tip great posts/replies with Bitcoins.  

In the morning, the world went back to normal.  It was a beautiful day, the sun was shining and the sky only had a few random fluffy white clouds.  It felt good, after the stress of the last couple of days just to be out and relaxing in the sunshine.  Josie had her nose to the ground as we made our way to the park.  I slowed as we passed Mark’s house but there was no sign of movement in the house so I just continued down the road to the park.  I let Josie off her leash and watched the Basset hound bound away.  
I casually leaned back on the fence to watch the dog play.  It was then I caught sight of a long silver limo rolling down the street toward me.  My heart sped up a few beats wondering if Capone was going to keep his end of the deal or not.  To my relief, the car stopped in front of a house half a block away from me.  A man dressed like a chauffeur stepped out of the car and walked around to the back door where he stood waiting.  
That was when my phone started to ring.  It was my standard ringtone so I checked the number before I answered.  The caller ID came back blocked.  I answered anyway.
“Hello?”
“Hello Robert,” an older Asian voice said to me. “My name is Sato.  I would like to speak to you if you have a moment.”
My pulse began to race.  I was finally getting somewhere with the Sato case.  With a meeting, maybe I could get the man to slip up and reveal his location.  From there I could force him to give me some answers.
“Sure, when and where,” I agreed.
“Now and here,” Sato said as my mind buzzed with sudden excitement.
Of course, he was in the limo down the street I thought, as Sato confirmed his location.
“Come to the Limo, my chauffeur will keep an eye on your dog while we chat.  If that is acceptable?”
“Sure,” I said and walked over to the Limo.
The limo driver opened the door for me and then closed it as I sat down.  Across from me in the shadows of the car was the man I had come to know as Sato.  I could just barely tell the man was of Asian descent.  He wore casual clothes, a pair of cargo pants and a button down shirt with rolled cuffs.  The man also had a baseball hat that covered most of his face as well as a pair of dark sunglasses.
“Thank you for coming Mr. Dunhill.  I feel I owe you some explanations in addition to my sincere apologies for last night.  I am afraid I under estimated Mr. Capone.  It was only because of your help Mark is alive.”    
I sat there looking at Sato, a man I had been hunting for longer than I cared to think about.  As I looked at him, the rage inside me threatened to boil up and darkness clouded my vision.  
Sato leaned back in the seat and raised his hand signaling for patience.
“Please Robert, wait... let me explain.  There is so much you need to know.  I have been watching you for a long time now.  For the longest time, I didn’t know why you hated me so.  So, I looked deeper into things.  Then I found out about your mother.  How she had been duped and then drained of her money.  She had her life swept out from underneath her.”
  I sat there and listened, my mouth hanging loose.  “It wasn’t you was it?  You didn’t steal her Identity.”
Sato shook his head.  “No, I swear I have never stolen a dime in my entire life.  Not from your mom, not from anyone that is not an enemy.  Sit back and relax, I will tell you my story from the beginning.”
I sat back in the soft leather seat of the limo and listened quietly.
“I have quite an extensive story that I will keep to myself.   I know you are a man that values privacy and I am sure you understand.  However, I will share one of the projects I am currently vested in.  Bitcoins.  You could say that I got in on the ground floor and have since amassed an impressive fortune in that regard.  
At the time, I wanted to share my knowledge of the system and help it become more widespread.  So I hired a group of intellectual geniuses to work with.  Most of those men and women worked out well for me and my foundation continued to grow and expand around the world.  I began putting my fingers into more and more projects, connected to thousands of people.  It was during this explosive growth period that I met a man online.  We shared many great thoughts and hopes for the world.  As we worked together, I saw that our minds were in harmony and often, when talking we finished each other’s thoughts.  
It got a little disturbing after a time though, at one point in our talks he began to answer questions I had planned on asking him... before I asked them.  I began to see other red flags shortly after that.  Projects that we had developed in secret began failing or getting beaten to market by a much similar, if not better rival.  I knew he was behind it all and I set out to prove it.  I did a storage swap of all my digital information and closed out all sources of income and profitable projects. 
At the first opportunity, I created a secret lab that was offline and then began to sweep my software for intrusions.  I was supremely confident in my security measures and I was correct.  The software had not been the source of the breech.  It had to be a physical intrusion, it was the only thing possible.  To prevent my partner from becoming aware of my suspicions, I hired a covert team to sweep my office for bugs.  Posing as a cleaning crew they went in and discovered a handful of bugs, many of them were of the highest level of tech available.  I kept the information to myself and left the monitoring bugs in place.  
I formed a plan to wreak havoc on the person spying on me, creating false trails and misleading software with backdoor holes that I could exploit.  
The ruse worked and after six months of waiting, I sprang my trap.  I took over every piece of software my code was embedded in with the click of a mouse.
The information began flowing to an offsite server I had setup specifically for the job.  I was shocked by what I found, for every humanitarian effort or goodwill cause we had setup, he had two black market schemes.  This is the point in my story were everything goes wrong.  I made a big mistake.  I got angry, and inserted several changes to his Bitcoin accounts.  I wanted to teach him a lesson, it was not about the money.   I swear it wasn’t.  
For a long time after that, I had no contact with him.  It was as if the man fell off the face of the earth.  When I heard from him next, I only got an online text from his mobile number.  It read DREAD.
I panicked and went underground.  I disappeared, leaving behind everything I cared about.  When he couldn’t find me he began to insult me and dirty my name.  He has signed my name to every act of evil he commits.  Where once my name was respected and honored, it is now treated like dirt.  I have tried to make amends but Dread will not hear of it.  He will not kill me outright but I fear in the future, that might change.  For now, I try to undo the damage he wrought and bring him to justice for his crimes.”
“That is actually what I have in mind for you, Mr. Dunhill.  I want you to be my secret agent, my Bitcoin detective.  You have shown me a quality in yourself that I admire.  I will fund your operations and send you potential Dread related clients.”
I sat there and just stared at the man in silence.  
Sato continued without my input, “I need you to work outside of my influence, the only thing I can supply you with are Bitcoins.   Just keep doing what you have been doing for the last two years and with any luck one day we will catch him.  Maybe then justice can be served.”
“That’s it?  That is all you got?” I asked, finally finding my voice.
“What else would you like to know?”
“What about the Elm Street house in DC?  What about the Capones.... What about my mom?”
The house in DC was one of Dread’s safe houses.  I believe it was a trap designed to catch one of my agents and alert you to my current activities.  My agent, the one you saw through the smoke, was in the house.  They were in the house trying to locate some data on Dread.  Your cameras were detected fairly early on in our search.  At the time, we were not certain if they were your cameras or Dreads.  He has been known to keep a watchful eye on his minions.  In the past Dread, has been known to booby trap his hideouts and even his minion lairs.  That was one reason we went through the house before you arrived.  We needed to check for explosives.  I had gotten a tip that you were going to be at the house later in the day to check on your systems.  In the house, we found evidence that was probably going to lead you to Windsor and directly onto Mark’s List.   I had the agent leave the evidence for you to find exactly as they had found it.  I needed to see for myself what you would do.  I am impressed Mr. Dunhill, you exceeded my expectations.  That does not happen often, I assure you.
“The Capones... well I can’t be 100% sure if they were influence by Dread or greed.  Either way they won’t be bothering us any time soon.  This morning on a routine traffic stop a police officer found David’s body and the gun used to kill him in the trunk of Capone’s car.”
"Actually, one of the reasons I wanted to speak to you today was concerning your encounter with Capone at the farm house.  I was curious what you and Mr. Capone spoke of.”
“We didn’t do too much talking.  It was more of a gun showdown.  I didn’t want Mark or Julia to get hurt, so I made a deal with him to let him go.”
“Just like that?”
“There really weren’t a lot of options at the time.  He had his gun on Mark, I know without a doubt I could have killed him.  The only question was if Capone would be able to get a shot off on Mark before he died.  On his end, Capone knew I would never let him take Mark out of the farmhouse.  To do so would be like signing his death warrant.  We both knew it.  That is why Capone took the deal.”
“What about after he had his gun on you, why didn’t you shoot then?”
“Sato,” I explained.  “It isn’t like you see in the movies.  The last thing I wanted in that small-enclosed space was a gunfight.  At the very least, we would have both got off one, if not more shots.  I didn’t feel like catching a bullet just for your sensitive information.  Besides, I know what kind of man Capone is.  He is tough as nails but he has a sense of honor.  If I would have fudged on our deal, he would make it his life’s goal to hunt me down.” 
I rubbed my chin in thought for a minute, debating on telling Sato what I had figured out.   
“I know I don’t know all the details regarding the List but I think I figured out Capone’s angle.”  I told him, coming to my decision. 
I had a hunch and to check it out I pulled out my iPhone and logged into Craigslist.  Sato sat there and eyed me as I ran the scenario over in my head.  I found the ad I was looking for quickly and then pulled out the gold coin I had been keeping in my pocket for good luck.  I call it a good luck charm now because any time you get a million bucks dropped on your lap... you get the idea.  I watched Sato’s eyes gleam at the coin as I opened it up to reveal the account numbers within.  I just had one more piece of the puzzle to check before I told Sato the story.  I browsed from Craigslist to Mark’s List with the phone and checked the coin account versus an account I saw earlier with a red Lamborghini.   I grinned at Sato when I found the accounts matched perfectly.
Sato waved at me to continue.
“To Capone, the List is a pure money maker.  He had tied a series of nationwide chop shops into the List.  Thieves from all over the place would broadcast their wares on your List using the photo feature.  They would post one of their high-end cars as their profile picture.  All the payments for the cars and their parts were made through Bitcoins making the whole scheme harder to track for the authorities.  
“And why do you think he wanted to be at the top of the List?”
“Simple, the chop shops were paying a percentage of their sales directly to the upper accounts on the List.  Mark told me that he had been tracking quite a few payments to these accounts from outside the List.  When it was first set up Capone was on top of the List.  He had it easy and setup the operations based on him being in the number one spot.  The chop shops didn’t care if Capone was in the top spot or not, not once the organizational part was done.  All they cared about was that the List kept going on and didn’t stop.  So they continued to funnel Bitcoins into the List, feeding accounts and building up the List to hide their activities.  When Capone found out the chop shop list now had a mind of its own and had grown too big for him to manage he lost it.  The man had decided he was going to be on top of the list or no one was.  That is why he targeted Mark.  He was trying to bribe him almost daily.  The biggest bribe I found was the black Viper he had been driving.  I have a feeling the one he has been driving is stolen.  I just double checked the ad Mark told me he had rented the Viper from.  When I first checked out the ad, it all seemed on the up and up, but I neglected to check one very important thing.  The color of the car in the ad was yellow.  Mark’s Viper was black.  I have seen a few cases where auto chop shops clone cars, right down to their license plate.  Once the car is cloned they can rent it out or lend it to a friend.  It is very hard to track unless you check the actual VIN numbers on the car.
When the bribes didn’t work Capone started sending his thugs in.  It all came to a head at the farmhouse.  Capone had a message to deliver from the boss.  In the end, it was an ultimatum that Mark couldn’t refuse. If he wanted to live that is.  So Mark caved and gave the Capone’s everything they needed to run the List... or so they thought.”
I looked at Sato who nodded in agreement.
“If Mark was the one running the List, they would have all they needed.  As it was, he did not run the list.  I do.  When I learned of the incident at Mark’s house, I revoked all the Capone accounts I could track down.  I will leave the chop shop accounts running though.  It is not my business to do the work of local police enforcement.”  
“You don’t mind the extra Bitcoins flowing through the List either... right?”
Sato smiled widely at me.  
“As I have said before, the List is what you make of it.  Take of that what you may, for I have seen other uses that the List provides.  Many people have benefited from it, some maybe in slightly more legal shades than others.”
“Now you know what I found out about the List, what can you tell me about my mom?”
“Your mom... I can’t be sure of that one either,” Sato said and gave a light laugh while shrugging his shoulders.  “I know I tied a program into Dread’s system that drained all of his money.  It is possible that her funds had been invested into a beneficial company and when I triggered the program, her funds were part of the ones syphoned off.  I can’t be sure, and I have been making attempts to right any possible wrongs I may have committed.  Later today, you will receive a package in the mail.  In it you will find a monetary settlement that although will never erase the event, may ease her feelings regarding it.”
I looked at the man in front of me.  The man that probably had been responsible for the heartache my mom had gone through.  I don’t know if his story would hold up under Pandora’s scrutiny but I knew for a fact that I would never have an opportunity like this again.  The man was defenseless in front of me.  His guard was over a hundred feet away and wouldn’t have time to stop me if I chose to attack.
I considered Sato.  He was an intelligent man and he seemed quite honest.  If I were to believe he admitted his culpability in my mom’s case, then I must admit to myself, the rest of the story was most likely true.
Sato watched me carefully then said, “My driver has been instructed to remain outside the car and facing away until you exit the vehicle.”  
Then he placed his empty hands on his lap.
“You are pretty sure of yourself aren’t you?”
“No, I am however, very confident in my assessment of you.”
“I want to think about all this first before I agree to any of it.”
Sato laughed, “Choose or do not choose, you will continue to see more clients at your door.  The only thing I ask is that you seek me out if you need anything to aid you in that pursuit.  I would also suggest moving the ones you care about away from this area.  I have always been fond of keeping my friends as close to me as possible.”
I nodded my ascent.  
“How can I contact you, should the need arise?”
“That has been arranged,” he said, smiling at me. “You will see, I don’t want to spoil the surprise.” 
CHAPTER 15 – A New Clause


(FYI) - Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System
Satoshi Nakamoto
satoshin@gmx.com
www.bitcoin.org
Abstract. A purely peer-to-peer version of electronic cash would allow online Payments to be sent directly from one party to another without going through a financial institution. Digital signatures provide part of the solution, but the main Benefits are lost if a trusted third party is still required to prevent double spending. We propose a solution to the double-spending problem using a peer-to-peer network. The network timestamps transactions by hashing them into an ongoing chain of Hash-based proof-of-work, forming a record that cannot be changed without redoing the proof-of-work. The longest chain not only serves as proof of the sequence of events witnessed, but also proof that it came from the largest pool of CPU power. As long as a majority of CPU power is controlled by nodes that are not cooperating to attack the network, they'll generate the longest chain and outpace attackers. The network itself requires minimal structure. Messages are broadcast on a best effort basis, and nodes can leave and rejoin the network at will, accepting the longest proof-of-work chain as proof of what happened while they were gone.

Read the full letter at http://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf

	
I walked home in a bit of a daze after my conversation with Sato.  The offer he made was generous and to be honest, it would mesh perfectly with the job I already enjoyed doing.  To me it seemed like a win, win situation.  There were some things about Sato’s plan I didn’t like.  I was sure my mom would outright reject the thought of moving to DC with me but she might go for a nice condominium in Florida, or maybe somewhere further south.  I know she had considered the warmer climates at one time or another, so maybe I had a chance there.  It was Julia that was the question mark.  I wasn’t sure if this Dread guy would make a connection to Julia in this whole mess.  To be honest, I really didn’t want to take that chance.  I wasn’t quite ready for a long-term relationship with the woman but I did want to keep her close for the time being.  I thought about Sato’s suggestion of taking on a partner at the office.  She might be a good fit there.  She definitely was smart enough and had a solid head on her shoulders.  In fact, with a little bit of training she might just make a decent field operator.  It would be something we could discuss over dinner tonight.  
I walked into the house with Josie and found my mom sitting on the couch.  Two cups of coffee were on the table in front of her and she patted the couch cushion beside her.
“You had a late night last night Robbie,” she said with a smug smile.  “Anything you want to tell me?”
I considered my mom and wondered for a moment if she had an idea about last night.  Of course she didn’t, but maybe she had an idea about...”
“So how was your dinner with Julia?” she asked and then took a long slow sip of coffee while watching for my reaction over the lip of the cup.
I gave my mom an easy smile and wondered again for the thousandth time if she was spying on me.  
I was just about to reply when the doorbell rang.  I turned to the door and saw Julia out on the porch.  When I looked back to my mom, she was sipping her coffee and waving me to the door.
When I opened the door, I found Julia had Pluto with her.
“Hi Rob,” Julia said and gave him a welcoming hug.  
“Heya Julia,” I said as I hugged her back.   “What are you doing with Pluto?  Where is Mark?”
“Dunno.”  She said.  “He came over earlier this morning with Pluto on a leash.  He told me he had some errands to attend to and you were going to be watching him for the next couple of weeks.  I thought you knew?”
I stared blankly at Julia and then down at the dog.  A bad feeling began to gnaw in my belly as I stepped off the porch and looked down the street to Mark’s house.  There was no car in the driveway but something else caught my eye.  At the curb there was the new addition to the lawn that had me shaking my head.  It was a small white sign with bold black letters that read,  FOR SALE.
I laughed to myself when I realized Sato most likely put the sign on Mark’s lawn after our conversation.  If fact he might have been in the neighborhood to pick him up and get him off the grid. 

Julia looked from me to Mark’s house and back again.  “What is going on?”
“I don’t know Julia... I don’t know.”
She handed the leash over and gave me another hug.  “I have to head in to work for a bit.  Call me later and maybe we can figure this out together.  Bye Rob.”
“Bye Julia.”
Julia was walking down the driveway and she stopped to call back over her shoulder.
“I almost forgot, Mark told me to tell you Pluto gets his baths on Tuesdays.”
I nodded and watched Julia as she left, my heart thumping in response to my thoughts of her.  I looked down the leash at the Bulldog and patted his head.  It was then I noticed something different about the dog.  Pluto was wearing a new collar.  It was a shiny gold thing with a large letter B medallion on it.  I knelt down to look at it a little closer.  On the back of the medallion was a little engraved inscription.  
“From S. Clause”
“Mark...” I huffed just as a FedEx truck pulled up to the end of the driveway.  The driver got out carrying a large box.  
I looked at the box and for a sinking moment knew what I would find inside the box.  After signing for the package, I brought it and the dog into the house.  When I finally opened the box, I discovered my intuition had been correct.  Inside the box were about twenty black and white business cards, each with a small red wax seal of the Bitcoin emblem.  I was just about to throw the box away when something caught my eye.  There was a return address on the top flap that read, 1435 Elm Street 20017 DC USA.  I recognized the address of the house instantly.  It was the one Sato had referred to as one of Dread’s safe houses.  It looked like he was sending me on another mission already.  Maybe there was a clue that I had missed during my last visit.   

THE END




EPILOGUE

M1435:  Line encryption confirmed.
DPR911: Line encryption confirmed.  How did it go?
M1435: I am in.
DPR911: Does he suspect anything.  
M1435:  No.  
DPR911: Good.  Did you remove the evidence?
M1435:  Yes.  I have all the cameras from the author’s house and audio feeds as well as a backup of his computers.
DPR911: Good I will send a courier for them right away.  Your payment has been sent to your account.  Is there anything else to report?
M1435:  Two things, I think the woman is working for Sato.  I was inside cleaning the bugs when she picked up the body from the garage and put it into the trunk of the viper.
DPR911: I guessed as much, I believe she is the same individual that almost caught you in DC.  That was quick thinking on your part to loosen the duct tape binding the gangster.
M1435:  Thank you, it proved an excellent distraction.   
DPR911: It was a shame our efforts failed concerning the list.  It would have been entertaining wresting control of it from under Sato.
DPR911:  What else do you have to report?
M1435 :  I can confirm Robbie has made contact with Sato.
DPR911 : Yes, I know.  Keep monitoring the situation 
M1435:  I am having second thoughts.  I don’t like using Robbie like this.
DPR911:  I understand.  We don’t have a choice though.  It is the only way we can get close enough to Sato, I thought that is what you wanted.  
M1435:  I did... I mean I do.  I just don’t want him to get hurt.  He lost a good friend once and the grief almost killed him.  I hate using him like this.  It could be bad.
DPR911: Stick to the plan.  We made a deal.  I will contact you soon for phase two.




For the most recent version of the list, please go to http://www.MartyLongson.com/TheList.html
If you would like to appear on the list, please follow the instructions located on the web site above.

Bitcoin Account - 18e1toyFnJ1zm4RAxtDnjrfCGNAicMYVrj


INTRODUCTION TO BITCOIN

How to get started with Bitcoin. (4 easy steps)
1.Create a Wallet – Go to https://blockchain.info/wallet    
2. Buy or Earn Coins - https://www.mtgox.com/
4. Find a merchant - https://www.spendbitcoins.com/places/
5. Sell your coins - https://localbitcoins.com/

What Are Bitcoins? (An overview)

Bitcoin is a digital currency
Bitcoins can be exchanged in open markets for any other currency.
No banks, governments, or organizations control or influence it.
Purchases can be completely anonymous.
Allows a direct and immediate transfer of value between two people anywhere in the world.
A peer-to-peer network functions as a distributed authority to record transactions.
Bitcoin operates on free, open-source software on any computer or smart phone.
Transactions cannot be reversed.
Privacy is enhanced with Bitcoin and it reduces identity theft.



WEB LINKS

For more information about Bitcoin please refer to these fine sites -

http://www.weusecoins.com/en/

http://bitcoin.org/en/

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin
DANIEL LOCKE AND THE TOWER OF EDEN 

-PREVIEW-

PROLOGUE – DOWN IN A HOLE 

The black and chrome Bugatti Veyron flew around the corner and blasted around the hillside.  The powerful engine roared as the car accelerated through a straight section of road and braked hard for the coming switch back corner.  The trees blurred by and mountain air whistled through the car’s open windows.  Daniel Locke sat behind the wheel humming quietly as the car drifted around a long sweeping curve.  The wind ruffled his short brown hair and threatened to tear the sunglasses from his face as he sped along his own private road.  He drove the car like an artist, flinging it skillfully through the apex of each corner and accelerating through the straightaways.  As he drove, the roadside to his right gave away to a gentle treed slope leading up to a majestic sight.  At the top of the hill was a modern day castle.   
The impressive stonework of the castle towered over the sprawling valley below.  The flowing rooflines and tall stone towers were majestic but simple.  Large stained glass windows fronted the main building and stone balconies dotted the walls here and there.  The ancient looking castle was also a modern marvel of technology.  It had sealed LED stained glass windows that were capable of changing colors at a whim and a thermal heating and cooling system that ran deep into the earth.  The castle even had its own state of the art hydroelectric plant.  Large tubular wave catchers lay submerged just off the coast.  The wave catchers captured the crushing power of the pacific oceans surf as it battered the Californian coastline.
The Bugatti slid to a stop at the crest of the hill as the castle grounds came into sight again.  The tall peaks and towers stood silhouetted in the fading light of the setting sun.  He paused a moment to take in the beautiful scenery.  Daniel breathed in deeply, smelling and tasting the bite of fresh salty ocean air.
This was all for his family.  This was a way to bring them all closer.  The last few years had been hard on his family.  His wife, Jolie, was diagnosed with cancer just over a year ago and his son Daniel junior was getting ready to tour Europe after his boarding school graduation ceremonies next week.  Daniel was still trying to convince his son to spend his year off at home instead of abroad.
Daniel Locke looked back down the slope of the hill, to the road that snaked down into the valley.  The road was calling him again.  His pulse started to race and his breathing quickened in anticipation.  He looked back to the castle with the ocean backing it, as the sun burned low over the horizon.  With a quick turn of the steering wheel and a blip of the throttle, the Veyron’s rear-end whipped around 180 degrees.  He was just about to start the valley descent again when his cell phone rang.  He touched the Bluetooth button to answer.
“Hello?”  Daniel said.
“Daniel Thomas Locke you better not be turning that toy of yours around again for another run.” 
It was his wife, Jolie.
“No love I,” he began to say.
“You have people waiting for you in the grand room.  You can’t ignore them again Daniel,” she said, her tone smooth and strong.  
“Yes love,” he began again.  His wife had a knack for interrupting.
“Oh, before I forget, Hank called up from the orchard.  He said something about his tractor acting funny.  He wanted you to stop by before it gets too dark.”
“Thank you Jolie.  I’ll be right up,” he looked down the hillside again, at the thick forest below and the orchard off in the distance.  He felt a slight tugging sensation in his chest.  Hank was a good friend and his closest neighbour, actually his only neighbour in the whole valley.  If the old man had asked for help, it was probably for a good reason. 
“Actually on second thought,” he told Jolie.  “Have a couple bottles of wine sent up to the geek squad in the grand room and let them know I’ll be right up after I help Hank.”
“Daniel...” she said, but her tone was soft and breathy.
He laughed at his wife and smiled wide.
“See ya soon love,” he said and clicked off the phone.
The team of engineers and scientists he had working on the hydro plant could wait a little while longer.  After all, old Hank needed his help.
The Veyron’s engine revved and the tires smoked as the car launched itself down the hill.

The orchard came into view after several minutes of hard driving and Daniel slowed the car down to a crawl.  The ancient orchard occupied a massive piece of property with apple trees spreading out as far as the eye could see.  The forest of trees covered acres of land along this stretch of valley floor.  Hank had once told him this piece of land had been in his family for generations.  Hank’s farmhouse and apple store came into view as Daniel turned into the parking lot.  
Daniel stretched as he got out of the car and looked around for his friend.  The farmhouse and store were both dark and quiet.
“Hank?  Where are you old man?”  He called out into the twilight.
Daniel was just walking around the edge of the orchard when he spotted the tractor.  The little red tractor had its back tires sunk deep into a soft patch of earth.
“Hank I got your message,” he said a little louder.  “You need help with that tractor?”  He called into the woods.
Silence.  The orchard was quiet and nothing moved in the fading light.
“Maybe old Hank had gone back to his work shed for some tools,” Daniel said muttering to himself.
Daniel walked over to the sunken tractor.  Both rear wheels were stuck deep in the earth.  He looked under the front tires and pressed down hard on the ground near them.  The ground seemed solid enough, and the mud around the rear wheels really wasn’t that deep.  Maybe Hank just gave up too easily.
He hopped up on the tractor and found the keys still in the ignition.  Daniel was just reaching for the starter when the ground shuddered and gave away beneath him and the tractor.
When the dust finally cleared, he was still sitting on the tractor.  The muddy hole however, was about thirty feet above his head.  Stunned and a bit confused, he looked around at where the tractor had landed.  It was a large round chamber with a dark smooth surface of stone.  The light from above barely lit the area around the tractor.
Daniel flicked on the ignition switch and then toggled the headlights.  The room around him flooded with blazing light.  It was some sort of an underground storage room.  Objects were carefully stored on racks, shelves, or tables around the outside of the circular room.  Daniel looked for an exit to the room but quickly realized he was out of luck.  The walls around him appeared to be one thick solid mass, smooth and unbroken except for the hole, high above.  
“This must be an old farm cellar,” he said as he slid from the tractor and patted around his pockets for his cell phone.  “Damn it,” he cursed loudly realizing the phone was sitting back in his car.
He would have to wait for Hank to make his way back to the tractor or for his wife to send someone out looking for him.  Since he had the time, he decided to look around the room a little closer.  Several dusty objects glittered softly in the harsh headlights of the tractor.  His curiosity only grew as he wandered around the large room.  There was a lot of dirt and dust down here but wherever he was, it wasn’t a farmer’s cellar.
Dirt had layered itself over everything in the room.  He walked over to the nearest table and brushed away an inch of rich fertile soil off the top.  What he uncovered was something smooth and hard.  Delicately he brushed more dirt off it and then pulled a long rod from its earthen tomb.  It was a clear crystal stick about two feet long.  
He tapped one end of the stick on the table to shake off some of the remaining dirt.  As the stick came down for a second little tap, thunder filled his ears and blue lightning danced in his eyes.
 
EDEN 1 – ENTER THE DRAGON

The shiny black Ducati motorcycle pulled off the main road and into the diner’s gravel parking lot.  There was an open spot just under the Flo’s Diner sign, so he pulled in and slid off the bike.  The rider was a lean young man with short brown hair and sharp green eyes.  He wore a black riding jacket and jeans.  A black and grey helmet had its visor open to the summer breeze.  The young man’s bright green eyes scanned the lot and the small town around him.  A helicopter buzzed by overhead as a convoy of large green trucks rumbled down the quiet street in front of the diner.  Opening his jacket, the young man reached for his cell phone.  He re-read an email message he had gotten earlier that morning.

From: James
To: Indy

The flooding around Appleton hasn’t subsided yet but the weather looks like it has cleared up.  If you still insist on riding your bike all the way here, I may have found someone to help.  One of my contacts in town is a young waitress named Joslyn McCloud.  Look for her at Flo's Diner when you arrive, she should be on the day shift.
P.S. I hope you're enjoying your graduation present.

After putting his cell phone back into his jacket pocket, he headed for the diner.  The young man tucked his helmet under his arm and walked through the glass doors and into the diner. 
Inside, the diner’s lunchtime crowd was packed into booths and tables.  Their chatter filled the air as he made his way through the room.  Indy saw an open barstool at the counter and headed over to it.  He sat down on the stool, resting his helmet under one elbow.  
He scanned the crowd around him looking for his contact.  Most of the patrons were busy watching a news broadcast on the diners overhead TVs.  Just then a pretty blonde waitress walked by carrying a full platter of food.  The girl looked about his age, around sixteen or seventeen.  She was good looking with long curly hair and a bright infectious grin.  The waitress gave him a quick wink as she passed but kept moving through the diner.  A glance at her nametag told him it was Joslyn.
A large aproned bartender passed by in her wake, heading towards a large TV mounted in the corner of the room.  His large meaty hand reached up to the TV and turned up the volume.  The buzz around the room quieted as more heads swivelled to watch the TV.

“Breaking news...  This just in from Appleton, California...”
“U.S. officials have declared a state of emergency in this small community in northern California.  Their problems started last Friday night during a freak electrical storm when several of the town’s electrical substations overloaded.  To add to their troubles the people there have also been dealing with heavy rains and flooding over the last week.  The National Guard is on hand, aiding efforts to help reinforce the town and nearby river with sand bags.  The area is still…”

His view of the TV was blocked by a sturdy grey haired waitress.  She had stepped in front of him and was smiling down at him.  “Hey there handsome, what can I getcha,” she asked.
Indy smiled up at her and pointed to a neighbour’s piece of apple pie on the counter beside him.
“Can I get a slice of pie?”  He asked.
“Sure thing hon, be right back.”  The waitress smiled at him warmly and spun away to get his pie.
While his waitress was off getting the apple pie, Indy looked around the small diner for Joslyn.  He spotted her quickly and when he was finally able to make eye contact, he waved her over.  When she came over, he smiled and noted her nametag again.
“Joslyn?”  He asked.
The blonde nodded her head once and waited.  Looking him up and down.
“My name is Indy,” he said with a lopsided grin and stretched out his hand.  “I was told by a friend you were the one to talk to if I wanted to get up to the castle.  I want to get up there today, if I could.”
She took his offered hand and shook it firmly.  “Sure I can get you up there.  My dad is overseeing the helicopters coming in and going out.  It will cost ya though,” Joslyn said with a smile.  
“Oh,” she laughed.  “No, that came out wrong,” Joslyn blushed as she corrected herself.  “Things have been a little weird around here the last couple of days and I just want some answers.  When you get up to the castle, you just let me know what’s what.”
She looked around the diner and then back at him.  Their eyes connected for an instant before he looked away, his heart skipping a beat.
“So what do you want to know?” he had to swallow a lump in his throat as he asked.
Joslyn looked him in the eyes, maybe trying to gauge his knowledge of the castle and its situation.  
“Well my mom told me a couple guys from the castle were all over town yesterday.  They wanted to know if anyone had any antique crystal they wanted to sell.  Mom said they were offering big money too.  She said they told her something about the crystals being an anniversary gift for Mrs. Locke.”
Indy nodded knowingly and smiled.
Joslyn leaned a little closer to him.  Her hair smelled like strawberries.  “I heard that billionaire built the castle for his wife as a retirement gift.  That’s so romantic,” she gushed.  “I would just love to get a peek at the inside.  My dad took us up there a few weeks ago, but we didn’t even get a chance to go in.  We had to wait outside by a massive fountain.”
As she pulled back from his ear, she ran a finger over his shoulder.  She noticed the black crystal dragon pendant dangling from a gold necklace around his neck. 
“Oh that’s pretty,” she said.
Indy put a hand to it.  “Thanks...  It was my grandfathers,” he said slowly.
Indy thought back to the night a few days ago.  He had been packing a few of his grandparent’s things for his father when he had come across the dragon crystal.  Some of the other antique crystals he had found there were packed away inside his bike packs.  The necklace was something he had found amongst their things that he wanted to keep for himself.  The dragon pendant seemed to call to him as he gazed upon it.  It was a powerful looking beast and it had drawn his eye instantly. 
He had been going through his parent’s old dusty attic at the time.  The dragon was unique among the odd collection of assorted crystal ducks and Christmas bulbs scattered around the attic.  The dragon was also the only crystal in the bunch that was midnight black.
“I haven’t seen the castle yet but I am on the way up there now,” Indy said.  “But since the floods have closed all roads leading to the castle, I need another way up there.”
The older waitress came by just then.  She smiled at Joslyn and put the pie down in front of Indy.
“Joslyn, don’t talk this man’s ear off,” she said with a honeyed tone.  “You’ve got customers waiting.”
Joslyn nodded at the other waitress and the heavy woman moved off to see to other customers.
Joslyn turned back his way and said, “Some of the workers came in here last night.  They said that lately the castle was as busy as a beehive.  People were running all over the place and there was a constant stream of helicopters flying in and out.  They have a helipad set up here, just outside of town.  I could get you a seat on the next chopper out if you want, Indy.”
Indy shook his head with an emphatic no.  “Thanks but I’ll stick with my bike.  I really don’t like flying if I can help it.  Got any other ideas?”
“Is that your bike out there, the Ducati?”  She asked but continued without waiting for an answer.  “Well I know an old hunting trail.  I think it hooks up to the main road somewhere after the flood plains.  The trail is pretty smooth, so I think you should be able to make it without too much trouble.”
Indy smiled again and said, “That would be excellent.”
“I could show you, if you’ve got room on that bike for me?”  She offered.
“Sure you can tag along if you like,” he said casually even as his heart threatened to burst through his ribs.  
“Wendy?”  Joslyn called out to the other waitress.  “Mind if I leave a bit early today?”
The older grey haired woman called back.  “Sure thing dear, just finish up with the Flemings.  I can cover you until your sister shows up.”
“Thanks Wendy!”  Joslyn called.  She patted Indy lightly on the shoulder.  “Finish up that pie and I will meet you outside.  I just need to change out of this uniform and grab a few things from the back.”

Not long after that, they were riding across the ridge high above Appleton.  Joslyn had changed from her waitress uniform and into a more casual outfit.  Now she was in a loose t-shirt, jeans, and brown hiking boots.  Following her directions, Indy took several trails through the woods above Appleton.  The Ducati’s tires were soaking up the off road abuse of a well-used hunting trail as they looked down over the valley below.  They could see the whole valley spreading out below them from the high rocky ridge.  The National Guard was working hard on retaining walls of sandbags and reinforcing dykes along the river in hopes to prevent further flooding.  They also saw some large farm equipment and other heavy machinery working along the banks as they darted along the ridgeline path. 
The hunter’s trail they rode was well worn and well above the flood plain.  Luckily, the dirt trail was dry and it didn’t take more than an hour or so to get through the woods and back to the main road.  The Ducati’s touring tires fared much better on the open paved road and Indy poured on the speed.
They could see the castle in the distance when all of a sudden, the bike coughed and shut down.  It coasted to a stop as the two riders looked around.
“Indy, look at that!”  Joslyn said.  Joslyn was pointing to the road behind them.  Indy looked back to see what she was pointing at.
Both sides of the road were thick with grass and small bushes around twenty feet behind them.  Further back towards Appleton the roadside was well trimmed and clear of weeds.  Even the air itself seemed to shimmer around the same area.  At first, he had thought it was just light reflecting off his visor shield.  When he flipped his helmet visor open, he realized it was something very different. 
“Weird...  It’s almost like an aurora,” Indy said.  “Kind of like the northern lights in Canada.”
Joslyn hopped off the back and Indy set the bike on its kickstand.  He was just about to follow her back to the line of shimmering air, when it happened.  Indy had just reached up to unzip his jacket when his hand brushed his necklace.  His head swam as the world around him spun.  Indy dropped to one knee as blue electricity flared around him.  His mouth opened to yell for Joslyn, but nothing came out.  He ripped off his jacket and looked at his bare arms.  The dragon pendant around his neck burned brightly and began to pulse.  Even Indy’s skin started to glow and pulse in time with the pendant.  When the dragon finally stopped burning with the eerie blue light, his skin flashed black for an instant and then turned back to its normal healthy white.
Indy gasped for breath and put his hand to his throat.  Something warm tingled at his throat just under his collar.  His hand felt around his neck, the gold necklace was still there but the crystal dragon was gone.
“Indy?”  Joslyn called to him.  Joslyn ran to his side and helped him to his feet.  “You ok,” she asked.
“Yeah,” he said.  “Just a little dizzy…  I guess I’ve been on the road to long, maybe I’m just tired.” 
He wasn’t sure what just happened, maybe he had just imagined the blue light.  He didn’t want Joslyn to think he was a nut case so he just kept quiet, hoping it was just motion sickness or something.  It upset him that the dragon crystal was missing though.
He accepted her help to steady himself and she bent down to pick up his jacket.  Thankfully, there was no lingering dizziness as he stood back up, but his head throbbed with a dull headache.
“Thanks,” he said as he slid his arms back into the jacket.  Indy stepped over to his bike and tried the starter.  The Ducati purred to life.  “Hmmm, that was weird,” Indy put the whole thing up to his inexperience on his new bike.  Nevertheless, he promised himself to get the bike checked out as soon as he could.
They got back onto the bike after giving the shimmering aurora another curious glance.  As he drove off his head was throbbing and all he could think of was getting to the castle for a little rest.  The road ahead blurred beneath them as they headed towards the castle on the hillside.  

The bike pulled up to the massive gates of the castle wall and they waited patiently as a guard came out of a small stone building attached to the wall.  The man was in his fifties and dressed in a dark blue guard uniform, complete with radio and gun holster.  Indy could see the black gun poking out of the holster on his hip.  The guard was slightly overweight but as the man came closer to their motorcycle, they both had to look up to see him.  He had to be over six foot five.  
“Sorry kids you’re going to have to come back later,” the guard said gruffly.  “We’re not accepting visitors right now.”
Joslyn spoke up, “I thought you guys were still looking for antique crystals?”
The guard shook his head.  “Sorry Miss, we are not accepting anything at the moment.  Mr. Locke has more than enough things to deal with at this time.  If you want, you could leave your name and any packages with me.  I will see he gets them.”
“Look buddy,” Joslyn started.  “Why don’t you get on your little walkie talkie there and tell someone with a little more authority then you, that Joslyn McCloud is out here.”
The guards pale face stared blankly at her.
“Joslyn McCloud,” she huffed.  “You know… the sheriff’s daughter.”
Indy turned to look a little closer at the blonde girl sitting behind him and silently mouthed.  “Sheriff?”
She blushed slightly but nodded yes, all the while keeping her gaze locked on the guard.  “And my guest, Indy...  Well I guess I never did get your last name did I,” she giggled slightly embarrassed.
“Look Ms. McCloud,” The guard said.  “The Locke’s are busy people they just-”
“Just call up to the house...  Please,” she begged.  “Ask for James.”
“Ok,” The guard huffed.  “I’ll call it in.  No promises though,” The guard said as he started to turn away.  He took two steps before turning back again.
He looked down at Indy and asked, “What was your name kid?”
Indy pulled his helmet off.  “It’s Daniel Locke, junior.”
The guard did a quick double take as Indy set his helmet down on his gas tank.
“Daniel junior?”  The guard asked, stuttering a little.  “Sorry sir...  I didn’t recognize you.  I mean you had your helmet on and...”
“No harm done, Mr.?”  Indy said, waiting for the man’s name.
“Lucas sir, Barney Lucas.  I’ll get that gate for you Mr. Locke.  Do you want me to call ahead?” the guard asked politely.
Indy nodded and said, “Thank you Mr. Lucas.”
Joslyn had a hurt look on her face as the guard went back into his office to open the gate.  
“Daniel Locke junior,” she asked and smacked him lightly on the shoulder.  “You could have said something a little earlier.”
Indy looked back slyly.  “Ya, but where is the fun in that.  By the way only my friends call me Indy.”
“You could have told me you know,” she pouted.  “You didn’t need my help getting in here.”
Indy smiled at her as he slid his helmet back on.
“Ya, but then you wouldn’t have gotten the chance to look around inside the castle,” he turned to the gates as they started to open with a wide smile on his face.
The large iron bars of the gate motored open silently, then clanged loudly as they stopped against the wall.  As they rode through the gates, the castle grounds rolled out before them, green leafed oak trees flanked both sides of the road as they headed towards the castle.


OTHER BOOKS BY MARTY LONGSON
You can find more about the author and these fine books at 
http://www.MartyLongson.com

          - DANIEL LOCKE SERIES –

Book 1 - The Tower of Eden
Book 2 - The Fortress of Valhalla
Book 3 – The Tombs of Hades

-NOVELLAS-
BLUR
I-Mage












