Stranger

Copyright 2014 Domenic Marbaniang
Published by Domenic Marbaniang at Smashwords

First published as The Chronicles of Sin: The City of Magic on Amazon and Lulu, 2013.



Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Table of Contents
A Mysterious Encounter
The Bridge of Time
The City of Magic
A Cop and a Map
The Red Book
Delight Park
Luxuria
The Chase
Piety and Faith
The Guardian
Clever and the Fair
Chance, Fate, and Avaritia
A Narrow Escape
Sophia
Stranger
Sloth
Superbia
The Trial










Dream is to Night
What Truth is to Light!

A Mysterious Encounter
The dim lights flickered on the street as I turned in the key and got inside my house. It was dark. So, I reached my hand to turn on the lights when I heard a strangely sweet but cynical voice,

“Would you really do that? For the moment you do that you’ll die!”

My heart stopped for a moment and chilly sweat drops broke onto my forehead. I felt numb and powerless. I shuddered, wanting to open the door and flee but was motionless. Then into the pale moonlight creeping through the window walked the tall silhouette of a woman dressed in a dark robe and a hood pulled over. By her waist hung the appearance of a sheathed sword.

“Sit down!” she ordered. I slumped into the chair.

“Who are you?” I mumbled to ask.

She walked out of the silhouette and came closer to me. She had the venomous fragrance of a thousand roses from the vale of death. 

“Would you really know me? Yet, I am not unknown to any human and my praise echoes in the corridors of the darkest regions. Light and wisdom are dalliances of leisure. I reign in the deepest realities of mortal hearts. And, deep beneath the outward mask of their talks of reason, boils the volcanic furnace of my invincible treason. I am the invincible one, the all sovereign, the orchestrator of all vice, the mother of Death! By me are wars raged, cities ravaged, and histories erased. By me is order and confusion, darkness and light. For me are cities built, economies constructed, markets invented, and commodities made. My voice do all mortals obey; princes and paupers, sinners and saints, preachers and hearers, the wise and the fool: they make no difference to me – all have bled under my blade. My kingdom is the largest and my servants as numerous as the stars of the sky. Would there be anyone who would heap up words and statements to despise my strength, I would meet him in a place that he considers safest and there watch him turn pale, numb, powerless, and fall before my face. I invalidate their reason and falsify their beliefs by turning their bestial passions over them. My name is dreaded in the monasteries and shunned in the universities. Yet, none can escape my power; my venomous arrows lay plunged like barbed hooks in their hearts. They know me by different names in different lands. Some call me good and some call me bad, some call me natural and others call me infernal [she laughed sinisterly here]; a few think I am a kind of disease that must be cured…” 

She touched the hilt of her blade, pulled it a little and pushed it back – my heart thumped.

“I am Sin.” She said.

At this moment my mind felt like a black hole; it almost felt that it would explode from the pressure of confusion and tedious emptiness that increased with every word I heard.
“Sin?” I muttered.
She unsheathed her sword and it dazzled in the moonlight. She raised it towards me, I cringed; she said:

“Shouldn’t you see the world of the neither-not,
Where ideas live and where battles are fought?
To a world unseen; to the world of thought;
To the world where now rests your lot
To remain with me and be conveyed across
These fringes of time to Death’s Dark House!”

And, she turned her sword and there seemed to be worms of light rushing over the blade in such velocity that within the twinkling of an eye there were sparks, a blaze, a crackling explosion and I found myself standing on an endless bridge over an endless ocean. There was no sun or moon or star above, but the sky was filled with a pale reddish light resembling a dusky evening all over. The only difference was that this evening seemed to be endless. There were people of all sorts walking over the broad bridge, and there were dim lamp posts, sign posts, every here and there. Many people were reading the posts as they walked; some looked confident, but most appeared confused. For a moment, I was caught away in watching the people and the things around, but then my eyes fell on two young men fighting with each other with switchblades in hand and I remembered the lady and the vision, but couldn’t understand what was happening. I thought to myself, “This must be a dream” and so pinched myself to wake me up, but I was still there on that endless bridge, seemingly all lost.

The two young men had now reached at a handbreadth of me as they yelled and struck at each other. One of them was about to tip over me, but I held out my hands to hold him and cried, “Stop! Stop! Stop it! Why do you fight?”

He pushed me away and I staggered to fall, but then I felt that some hands had come behind me and restored my balance. I turned around and saw a heavy-built man who appeared to be a police officer. He didn’t look at me but rushed towards the young men, who on seeing him began to run away. He chased them for a few yards and then stopped and returned. I said, “You should have caught them; for, they’ll get away and find another place to fight and kill each other!”

“If one of them really needed to be defended, he would have submitted to me,” he replied. “If both of them really want to kill each other, then let them kill each other and die; for, we can’t keep them perpetually in jail anyway.”

“But shouldn’t you stop them from such evil, seeing that they are bent on killing themselves?”

“What difference is it to you and me, if they are up for a duel and have agreed to kill each other? They are a law unto themselves,” he replied.

“But, then if you allow this, then by the same token you ought also to allow it if everyone decided to kill each other; then, wouldn’t that be the greatest self-destruction of people, society, and humanity?”

He stared at me with a vexed glance and then said, “I think, stranger, that you’re wasting both your time and mine. You seem to have come here to tour this country and so seem to be having plenty of time; but I have none. Sorry, I have to go.” And so saying, he proceeded to go away in the direction from which he had come, opposite to that in which the two young men had gone; but then turning around while walking backwards away, he quipped, “If everyone in the world decided to kill each other, no law or law enforcement would be able to prevent them from doing so.” So he said and then turned around and walked away into the twilight.

I watched him disappear and was very much perplexed by what he had said. I didn’t feel it right that the two young men were left to the fate that their passions had triggered in their souls. Yet, I also knew that every man couldn’t have a policeman after him to stop him from an evil that he felt he had reasons to do, or at least, couldn’t avoid doing. “Don’t such ‘reasons’ solidify into rules and, when accepted on a major scale, become laws of society; so that what was once considered noble is today considered to be oppression?” I began to walk in the direction in which the two boys had fled, not knowing where to go. There were a greater number of people walking in that direction and it seemed safer to me to be with the crowd. I walked for a little while in this manner, but the more I walked, the longer the bridge seemed to grow, and I began to feel anxious and tired. I thought to stop and rest for a moment, and so went to the rail of the bridge and leaned on it with my arms, looking out at the vast expanse of the ocean.

“Are you lost?” a voice asked, and I turned around.
The Bridge of Time
The man was old and had a stern, rigid face. His flowing gray hair and beard were neatly groomed, and his robe was plain and dazzling white. The furrows on his forehead were deeply cut, seemingly produced by intense and constant thinking, and in his right hand he held a stone tablet with something engraved in it.

“Sir, some strange events have happened to me today,” I said, “You seem to me to be a wise man and perhaps you can solve these riddles that I’m entrapped in. I saw a lady dressed in black who called herself Sin [at this moment his eyes became tense, and my voice as well]; and all of a sudden I find myself in this bridge and can’t tell if it is a dream or if it is real. I do not know where to go and what to do!”

“Did you see the face of Sin?” he asked.

“No!” I answered, “She stopped me from turning on the light.”

“That’s right, for light quickens her fatal powers, and only Death can live in the presence of Sin.”

I was puzzled. He continued,

“Either Sin brings you to Death or Death takes you away from Sin; there is no other way around.”

I was perplexed. “Am I dead, then?” I asked. It seemed I had more reasons to think this so; though I was still wondering about the events that had only transpired a few moments ago.

“You are on the Bridge that leads to Life or Death,” he answered.

“Which is the direction to Life?” I quickly asked.

“There are no directions here. It all depends on what you do.”

“What I do?”

“Yes, what you do. There are many lamps and sign posts here that people of all kinds, wise in their own eyes, have hung or nailed in behind. These do the simple and unwise keenly peruse, admire, and try to emulate. But, they only tend towards confusion. The wise read my instructions and walk into the domain of Life.”

So saying, he walked to an empty post on the railing and inserted the stone tablet that he held into a casing on it, and suddenly out of the tablet beamed light. A few passersby stopped to look at the light and as soon as they had seen it, I saw a dark cloud envelop them, and in a moment they were gone. My knees trembled in confusion and fright. 


The old man stared at me with cold indifference. “You may have wondered what has happened to them,” he said “They have looked at my light and have been claimed by Sin and Death. Everyone who looks at me sees himself as he is; and he who has seen himself is done with the Bridge of Time.”

“Who are you?” I asked.

“You’ve chosen to know me; and when you’ve seen me as I am, then you’ll know yourself and pass over this Bridge without having to decide what to do and where to go.”

“Who am I?” my lips uttered, in doubtful hesitation.

He laughed, and he laughed, and the laughter grew louder and wild till the whole bridge shook and I sat down to prevent losing balance. Then he looked at me with a piercing glance and said,

“You are nothing apart from what I declare of you. And, yet it is not I who make you. Every man is his own craftsman. For, like a potter who guides his hand over the clay to give it its shape, so does every man guide his actions to give his life its shape; and a man’s actions declare his identity. Mortal men choose to hide from my light under lamps they burn instead of me. They call themselves by names and titles that have no significance for eternity. They heap praises and amass praises under a delusive identity. But, every man’s action is brought to light; for no man can from my fiery eyes hide. I rule over brute nature, and the strongest and the fiercest in the distant galaxies submit to me. Yet, my scepter is stayed from the world of humans by their defection to my most hateful enemy, Hamartia, the dark robed lady who is also called Sin. With dark sorcery she blinds the eyes of these mortals so that they lose sight of me, and her dazzling sword spills the life from within their veins; and, yet do both her son and she know that her strength of destruction derives from me; for, it is not until she brings them under my bare light that she can carry them over this Bridge of Time to the Kingdom of Death. In fact, it is through me that even Sin has her identity.”

“What is your name and where do you live?” I asked.

“My name is Law and I am the code of this universe. By me do the heavenly bodies know their respective paths and revolutions, by me does the sun shine and the stars know to twinkle. I live in the velocity of the winds, the charge of the lightning, the sound of the thunder, and the dance of the waves. By me do the fish learn to swim, the deer learn to leap, and the birds learn to fly. By me are the colors of the rainbow, of the lily, and of the butterfly. It is I who determine the age of the moth and the mammoth alike. I am the code of Reason and the code of Nature; I am the code of Justice, of Pain and of Pleasure. I am the blueprint of the universe. By me are the foundations of great civilizations laid; departing from me, they crumble and fall. He who is spotless in me will live forever; but he who falters by a jot is unshielded to Death’s darts. I am blessing to the obedient and curse to the rebels; delight to the angels and distress to the devils. He who has known me has the key to the riddle of the universe. He who has known me has known himself.”

As he spoke those words, his countenance began to grow bright and his garments radiated such light that my eyes had difficulty to behold. Suddenly, his light beamed into the like of a giant luminous mirror and I saw my reflections on it in every contorted semblance. The light of the images pierced my soul with such heavy shafts that I pulled my arm over my eyes and fell to the ground with a loud cry. Then, a dark cloud enveloped me and everything blacked out.
The City of Magic
“Welcome!” said the voice. 

I lifted up my eyes; Sin sat before me on a dark maroon throne. I was surprised because I could see her face now, and it didn’t look unfamiliar. She wore the airs of autonomy and the contours of carelessness; her eyes wore a rigid frown of despisal and distrust. She looked energetic, elegant, and elite. She wore a dark maroon royal robe and had a crown of sparkling diamonds on her head. The throne she sat on had engravings of different living creatures; the hood over the crest bore the semblance of a peacock’s feathers widespread, the resting arms projected with the heads of two lions, the apron or waist of the throne was girded with the semblance of a viper, and on the two outer sides beneath the arms were engravings of goats and swine in various postures; the footstool was shaped like a toad, and six statues of lions guarded the steps to the throne, three on the right and three on the left. Over the canopy and on the walls around were oil lamps flickering with dim flames; the lamps had the appearance of tortoise shells. I saw that the walls were draped with hangings of intricate and exotic design and the floor was a glassy mosaic of yellow and brown resembling a chess board. The room was palatial and vast.

“You like this place,” she observed. I noticed that I didn’t have any fear. She didn’t look unfamiliar.

“I don’t know,” I replied.

She smirked. “It doesn’t matter,” she said with a smug, “you’re already here.”

“What is this place?” I asked.

“This is the City of Magic,” she said, “where dreams come true and thoughts ride on wings of fantasy; where objects appear at the wish of the heart and images walk out of paint into reality. Here Time is unknown and Boredom is a name despised. This is my City on the fringes of Time, the shelter of angels and the stronghold of man. Here children grow wise and the young acquire skill; they ride on fire and on the wings of the wind.”

“Why am I here?” I coldly asked.

She smiled and said, “Because you belong here!” I felt confused. But she continued, “Don’t be afraid of anything. Feel at home and be at ease; for in a moment of this sequence you’ll see everything.”

I didn’t like her smile because it looked like the smile of triumph over me, and yet somehow it also seemed that she had triumphed. I felt like I had lost my world to her. She smiled again as if she read my thoughts and said, “You think too much, young man; it will hurt your brain. You need to forget the past and learn to live in the present.”

“I must go back,” I said.

“You ask for the dripping rain drops to return to their clouds.”

“But, don’t they someday?”

“If a bullet fired can return by itself to its barrel and an arrow shot can return to its bow, then may Time be reversed and you return to the place you wish to go.” I despised the talk but felt helpless, yet also knew now that it was worthless talking to someone who I believed had caused this all. She, apparently, read my feelings and sneered.

Then she smugly said, “I can read hurt and hatred in your eyes; this is a good sign – they are my marks of strength.” I scowled. She smiled. “Can’t you see that you’re entering my world,” she said, “You’ll find this one much more meaningful.” Then, placing her fingers on the heads of the lions on the arms of the throne, she began to softly brush their heads; and suddenly, it seemed that all the heads of the lions twisted and gave a growl. She smiled. Then, they began to roar and it seemed that fire came from their mouths, but in that very instant she and her throne with the lions and the entire chamber faded like the blending of images into the view of a heavily trafficked street with high buildings on both sides of the road, and I saw that I was standing in the pathway of the pedestrians leaning against a railing facing the road. There were big cars and motors of various kinds madly rampaging the streets; while men, women, and children were running as if they didn’t have time. There were shops and offices of various kinds in the buildings by which I surmised that this may be a market place. It was also dark and there were heavy street lamps burning profusely and lighting up the street.

“No beggars are allowed here,” I heard somebody shout. I turned right and saw a short, stout, man who by his uniform appeared to be a policeman. He was looking at me threateningly. I caught the direction of his eyes and looked at myself and was surprised that my clothes were torn and murky and all rags. I felt deeply embarrassed. He looked rudely at me and I understood his gesture to move away from that place. The lights were beaming thick and hard; and, I had an urgent desire to hide from the world. I felt my hind pockets on the ragged trousers and was amazed that my wallet was there. I took it out thinking, “I may not have removed it when these things happened.” I examined the few notes in it and was surprised that they were different and had the image of Sin in it and the signature of a Governess named Avaritia. Things looked confused and it was hard to say if the world felt really unreal or unreally real.

After a little while, I reached the end of the street and saw a garments store. It had a luminous name board over it with the words “Liberal Garments”. I entered in and saw that it was certainly a huge store with clothing departments of various kinds. But, since I was in great embarrassment because of my condition and didn’t like the way I looked in the mirrors all over the store, I quickly turned to a place where there weren’t many people and began searching for a shirt. I picked up a shirt and trousers and went inside the trial room to try and change.

In the trial room, I looked in the mirror and saw the rags. They looked horrible. So, I caught hold of them to remove them, but I couldn’t. There was something that made it difficult for me to remove them. I began to sweat and shiver, and was doing all I could to remove the rags, but nothing helped. I tried in that manner for perhaps 30 minutes; then, suddenly I heard some voices outside. 

“It seems somebody’s inside!” a voice said.

“It’s been locked for over 15 minutes now,” another replied.

“Knock the door! A queue is building up,” I heard someone say.

There was a rap on the door. At that instant I looked in the mirror and a lion’s translucent face growled off my rags on the mirror. I shut my eyes. Then, immediately I put on the shirt and trousers just over the rags and came out of the room trying to act as normal as I could. I went to the counter, paid the price and walked out.
A Cop and a Map
I felt thoroughly uncomfortable with the rags inside, but tried to appear as comfortable as possible on the outside. Someway, however, it seemed too difficult and I was afraid to be embarrassed. The chain of events was a tangle too hard for me to resolve and I wished to get out of this dream world. But, it didn’t look as much as a dream anymore. I was afraid it was real. I was walking on the footpath thinking of all these things when I spotted a policeman. So, I walked up to him to make few queries.

“Hello, Sir!” I greeted, “Do you know where I can get a map or something that’ll help me know a bit about this city. Also, I would like to find a place to stay for the night.”

“What do you mean by “night”?” he asked.

I raised my brow in surprise. “Why, night is the hour when the sun is not up and it is dark,” I said.

“And, what is this sun?” he returned.

I was a little puzzled and it first seemed that this might be a joke; but, he looked stern and serious, so I wondered if the people here never saw the sun.

“Is it always dark here?” I asked.

He looked at me angrily and said, “Go away to your home, young man! You seem to be overdrunk.”

“I don’t have any home here, “I replied, “aren’t there any hotels?”

“Hotels?” he retorted with a questioning look on his face, “What gibberish are you talking? Get away from here, or you’ll be put to bond-work for losing your mind!” he shouted.

“Okay, okay!” I said, “At least I can get a map!” I said.

He looked irritated. “Keep your eyes on your head, young man! There’s a book store there,” he pointed to a shop across the street.

“Thanks!” I replied and left in the direction of the store. I found a little book there with the title “City Guide”. It had maps in it and what appeared to be rules of the city. I bought the book, and sitting down on a little bench on the sidewalk, opened it to peruse. The maps depicted the city as one which was very well-planned. The city appeared to be a regular hexagon with a diagonal measuring 60 miles. It was divided into 7 divisions with what seemed to be the Administrative Block called Superbia in the center. The Market area was a 3 miles thick area that ran around the periphery of the Superbia. From each side of the hexagonal center around the Market began each of the other 6 divisions of the city. Two main roads separated the Market from the divisions and the Administrative Block. Six other main roads branched off from the upper main road to separate each block from the other.



I tried to locate myself on the map and observed that I had walked up to here from somewhere on a street that branched off from the road that ran around Superbia. I was sitting on the street whose direction was straight towards Ira, and I was four streets away (around 5 miles) from the main road that ran through the Market between Ira and Luxuria. I calculated that I might be around 2.5 miles away from Ira and, so turning to the page of its map found that it was interplay of several buildings divided by little streets. There was a page that talked of the administrative structure of the city, and I noticed that each block was governed by an official by whose name that respective block was also called. There was also a square in each block, and a great amphitheater in Superbia. In Superbia, also, was the palace of the King Sarx and his wife, the Queen Hamartia. When I read her name, a hateful feeling ran through my nerves and I shut the book down. I absent-mindedly gazed on to the street for some time; then, suddenly, my mind returned and I noticed that I was gazing at the policeman across the street. I opened the book again, this time to the page where the rules of the city were mentioned and began to read these lines:

Rules for the Citizens of the City of Magic
1. Each block is governed by a governor who is appointed by Her Excellency, the Queen of Magic. Every citizen is expected to submit to the rule of the governors without any exception of any kind.
2. No citizen is to engage in any discussion or conversation that repudiates the reality of Kingdom of Magic and/or the authority of the Queen. Any citizen found involved in such treason shall be declared a traitor and his fate resolved in the Court of Ira. May the ire of infernal fires fall on and destroy such an inhuman being! He has confederated with our Archenemy, and may his end become a horripilating warning for others!
3. No citizen is permitted to be seen outside his home in rags. 
4. All markets, businesses, jobs, and generation of income are under the purview of the King. No citizen will withhold any information regarding his income and possessions nor fail to pay the due taxes to the King’s treasury.
5. Littering is strictly prohibited. Citizens must cooperate with the government to keep the City clean.
6. Citizens are prohibited to climb over or attempt to peep over the walls surrounding the City.

I stopped here. “So, this city has walls,” I thought. “There must be a way out!” The rags inside made me feel very uneasy and uncomfortable, and I squirmed. “I must get rid of these, first,” I said to myself and looked here and there not knowing what I was looking for. I turned to the map of the City again and looked at the main road leading to the end and culminating near the wall. I placed my finger there and said to myself “I must get there!” I wondered if anybody else had ever tried an escape; and I also still wondered if it was worth attempting this in case this was just a dream. But, the last rule that I had read drove this curiosity deep.

“You think you have figured it out, don’t you?” I heard a voice ask. I turned aside and saw a man standing above and at my side with a hood pulled over his head almost covering his eyes. I studied his face for a few seconds and thought that I had seen him somewhere. Then, all of a sudden I remembered something and my face grew pale.
The Red Book
“Come with me!” Law said and turned to walk.

I followed his quick steps on the sidewalk. From the corner of my eye I could see people pulling out their umbrellas, and there were flashes of lightning and a deep thunder roll. The sky moaned, groaned, rumbled, and turned moist; then, thick drops of water started pattering on my head and hands and my back as I kept my eyes and pace fixed after Law. I didn’t want to miss him. My mind thought, “If he could only get me back to the Bridge; perhaps, there could be some reversal… he certainly knows the way out; or else, how could he reach here…” He seemed to be running now, and I was amazed at his agility as he dodged pedestrians, vendors, benches, and stalls and trotted through complex streets and alleys. The raindrops had grown bigger, heavier, and faster, and people began to run helter and shelter, some going inside the shops for cover from the rain. We entered a dark alley, and I had the feeling that I was being followed, but didn’t dare to look back since I didn’t want to lose sight of the one before me. Suddenly, Law jumped into the right into a dark entrance, and I jumped after him.

We heard voices outside. “Where have they disappeared?” someone cried.

“Why has the sky eaten them up?” another rebuked. “You shouldn’t have lost sight of them!”

“What were YOU doing?” 

“They went in here somewhere!”

“Can anyone run through a thick wall?”

I heard a stick tap on the entrance; it seemed like the sound of a tap on a stony wall. 

“Somewhere here,” I heard a voice say. Then there were the sounds of fading footsteps. There were cracklings and flashes of light.

“Who are they and why were they after us?” I asked him.

“The Mystery of Lawlessness,” he replied “they are the agents of Sin, the men of iniquity.”

“Why were they after us?”

“To annihilate me.” There was that same sternness and indifference in his eyes. “But, that is impossible; for, I pervade the universe and to try to annihilate me is like trying to cut the branch one is sitting on. I was not running for myself, but for you.”

“For me?” I replied. I was drenched in the rain and now began to shiver as the rags inside began to chew on my flesh. I just wanted to remove and throw them all off. I looked at Law in the flashes of the lightning and was surprised that he was not wet at all. The rain didn’t touch him.

He was looking at me as if reading my thoughts. “I must be quick here,” he said. “As for your curiosity about the walls; they are not the way out.”

“Then, why does their rule book prohibit it?”

“Is it a rule book at all? The rules of this city are all farce; they are meant to only cover the treacherous nature of Sin and Flesh, whom they call here Sarx… They prohibit it to keep the people in deception; there is nothing beyond the walls; it’s an absolute void out there.”

“So what is the way out?” I was grave and was shivering.

He held out his right hand and placed it on my shoulder. Immediately, my clothes dried; but the rags tightened hard over my skin. I almost felt I would cry out in pain; but, I only grimaced and he sternly looked at the pain in my eyes. He removed his hand and began to say,

“I am the Law of sickness and the Law of healing, the Law of rifting and the Law of sealing. I am the Law of the crest and also the Law of the trough, the Law of the rain and the Law of the drought. Wiser and prudent are they who consult me for answers to their problems instead of resorting to the governors of this City; for he who has known Law has found the gemstone that unlocks the mysteries of the universe.” He put his hands on both my arms and caught them in his palms. “Look into my eyes,” he said “and you will find the answer.”

I looked and behold his eyes were windows looking into the black outer space with whirling galaxies. The whirling started slow, then intensified, ending up in a giant explosion, a boom and then there was silence and absolute nothingness. Then, I saw a flood of light that flooded the universe, and could see a boat sailing over the light. I looked closely and could see the face of the boatman. It was Law. He sailed and he sailed rowing with the oar once this way and then that way. The oar looked like a sword. Suddenly, I saw that his oar was ripped away from his hands and flew and was caught by a giant shadow. The shadow grew large and I saw that it grew into a monster that began to swallow up the flood of light. There were shrieks of laughter and shrieks of war. I saw Law standing tall, straight, with outstretched arms while his boat kept drifting in the current of the flood into the mouth of the monster. Then, suddenly the sun appeared like a fiery ball and covered Law so that what appeared now looked like the figure of a man made of fire, and then I saw that they both drifted closer to the mouth of the monster. There were fiery flames darting off from the sun, and as they drew close to the mouth, I saw the figure of fire reach out his hand like a dart of flame and snatch away the sword from the shadowy monster, then plunge it back into the monster’s head. There was a mighty quaking; then the whole flood of light along with the sun and Law gulped into the throat of the shadow, and there was darkness everywhere. Suddenly, there was an explosion of brilliant light and it seemed that the shadow of the monster, which now appeared only for a twinkling of the eye, was fully swallowed up by the exuberant brightness of the light; and, in an instant there was such strong radiance everywhere that I turned my face and closed my eyes with my hands over them. Then, there was absolute silence and I began to hear the pattering of the rain.

“Open your eyes,” he said. I opened my eyes and saw him standing a little distance away.

“What was it all?” I asked.

“The battle between good and evil,” he answered. 

“What was the flood of light, the monster, and all of those things that I saw?”

“The flood of light is the City of Light, the boat is the Bridge of Time, the oar is the sword that decides the fate of Time, the monster is the insatiable City of Magic, and the sun is the One. This is the key to the mystery of the present that will unravel your future. Keep this vision in your mind, for when you get to the end of yourself, the One will cover you like a ball of fire and bring you victoriously up to the City of Light. ”

“Who is the One?”

“The Archenemy of the City of Magic and my Master.”

I was silent, not knowing what to say; but, discerning a sort of hurry on his face, I asked “What must I do, then?”
 
“Give me the book in your hand!” he said. I gave it to him. He flung it aside into the darkness and pulled out a red colored book from his side. “Keep this,” he said, “and follow its instructions.”

He then raised his hand and moved it as if wiping a glass, and as he wiped he disappeared into the black darkness. Then, it seemed that the darkness began to move towards me, and I started moving backwards, and backwards, and backwards until I suddenly stumbled onto the sidewalk, and there before me was the thick wall of stones. I tucked the book under my shirt, crossed the street, and reached the other side. The sky had withdrawn his fury and the rains had stopped.


Delight Park

There was a little park over here and I saw some men, aged around 32-45, sitting on benches and stones in the park and jocularly laughing. I saw a board on the entrance of the park with the words “Welcome to Delight Park” and below it “At Luxuria, City of Magic”. There were salons and saloons in the park. I entered in and sat on a bench a little distance from the men.

A young man, very thin, and wearing a very loose shirt, was tramping around acting like an old aged man.The other men were watching and laughing loud. They looked like buffoons to me. I pulled out the book from under my shirt and read these words to myself:

“Seek Wisdom like one searches for hidden treasure;
And till you find her, allow no game and no pleasure.
Seek her in the squares; seek her in the thoroughfares,
Seek her everywhere, but keep away from barren leisure.”

I stood up, tucked the book under my shirt and was about to walk away when I heard a voice, “Won’t you bequeath to us as well some of your learning, sir!” I turned towards the men. They all were already laughing. I looked at them seriously and turned to move, when they got up, rushed towards me and surrounded me blocking my way.

“We’re sorry if we’ve offended you, sir!” one of them, a man with shorn hair, said. He had the face of a clown. They all laughed.

“He doesn’t look offended, Epicure,” the skimpy man in saggy cloths acting earlier remarked. They all laughed again.

“Shall we sit here and discuss a few things,” Epicure asked with a pretended look of intelligence on his face. “We are all interested in listening to new things.”

“Yes, yes!” they all nodded and agreed.

“I’m sorry, friends. I haven’t got anything new for you.” I replied and turned to walk away, but Epicure said “You sure have because we saw you reading a new book!”

I felt it was hopeless trying to circumvent and asked half-heartedly, “What do you know about the Kingdom of Light?” They all broke into hysterical laughter.

One of the men, he was wearing a coat of many colors, signaled at them to shut up, and they stopped. He looked at me with a questioning frown and said, “There’s no other world than this for sure; so, your ideal must be certainly new.”

“An ideal dream worth the dallying,” Epicure said with a clownish smile.

“An idle dream worth not the dying,” another fellow laughed and said. They all laughed again.

“I must go away,” I said, “I have some important job to do.” In my mind I thought that they would let me go because I certainly didn’t appear to belong to their gang. But, little did I know that what I thought was what I thought, and what they had in mind was a total opposite of what I thought.

Presently, I noticed that the man with the multi-colored coat pulled out a wand, pointed at me, and jerked it upwards. In an instant my book was pulled out of my shirt and caught in his left hand. He then motioned at me and said, “Now, you can go, sir!”

I moved towards him with the intention of snatching off the book but he raised his hand with the stick in his fist and signaled me to stop. I stopped.

“Turn him into a goat, Elymas!” the skimpy man said.

“No, into a bull,” a stout man meddled in. Elymas looked at him with piercing glances. “Certainly not,” the stout man grinned and said, “he should be turned into an elephant…[All eyes gaped at him]; oh no, into an ant!” They all laughed.

I jumped to snatch the book again, and Elymas moved his hand back. They all blocked my way. Suddenly, I saw a policeman arrive there shouting, “What nuisance is going on here!” He then looked at me and said, “You seem to be new to this block. Show me your papers!”

“What papers?” I asked back.

“Come with me!” he said locking my hand into a handcuff. They all sneered. I knowingly didn’t look at the book in Elymas’ hand. The policeman led me out of the park, and I could see those men settle down around the magician, who now opened the book and began to read it amidst fits of laughter and scornful gestures by the others around. I felt lost inside and pulled away.

The policeman took me to a station nearby, submitted my wallet to custody, and took me to a cell. “We’ll examine him at the next call of the Court of Luxuria,” he said to a guard standing there.

“I too heard that some officers spotted two strangers here lately,” the guard observed. “Did you also find the other one?”

The policeman nodded a negative. “But, the City administration has already been set on alarm,” he said as he locked me into the cell and left.

The cell was a small dimly lighted square room (around 10x10 sq.ft.) with nothing inside. The door was made of solid steel with a small mesh window at the top. It was painted deep red. The walls were made of large blocks of stones neatly cut, and on each of the two side walls opposite of each other was engraved the head of a goat.I sat down opposite to the door, and gazed at them for a while. I thought I admired the art at first; but, then suddenly the bestial design of the cell loomed onto my mind, and I had a strong feeling of revulsion. Then, as if in flashes of screenshots, I remembered Law, the vision, and the book, and what I read in it.“Like one searches for hidden treasure,” I remembered and looked up. The ceiling was an intimidating slab with the head of a nasty goat looking at me. I squirmed with an ugly feeling, rose up, and looked out of the mesh window. The guards were walking up and down. It was impossible to now get out. I went and sat down opposite to the door again with my knees pulled up against my chest, my hands around them, and my head sunk between the knees. There were feelings of humiliation, of being subdued in the moments of my elation. I was locked and wondered what this dark world would lead me to. I thought for long, but remained locked; then, I fell tired of thinking and fell asleep.

Presently, there were sounds of footsteps outside and I awoke. The door creaked open, and the policeman gestured me to come out. I remembered the earlier talks of trials and bonded-labor and had an agonizing feeling. He cuffed my hands behind and let me out of the station. I wondered that there weren’t any questionings here. He took me in the direction of a small van that was waiting for me, as I understood, bound to the Court. A little distance away from it, I suddenly jumped to my right and began to run. There were shouts and whistling, and two or three policemen were running after me. My hands were still cuffed and I was afraid that people might pounce on me to stop, so I jumped off the sidewalk on which I was and began running fast on the road. I cut through a few streets, yet being chased when I spotted the police van speeding towards me from the front. Behind me were the other policemen. I looked at my right and saw an old dilapidated house without doors, seemingly abandoned. I jumped off the road onto the sidewalk and then plunged into the house not knowing what to do. It was very dark inside; so I groped for the wall and found it; then, began to sidle along the wall with my palms feeling after it. There were cries outside. “He’s gone inside that building!” “Quick, quick!” I saw a searchlight beam inside and dropped to a squat. I heard footsteps inside and a faint light over my head. I was behind something and it seemed that there was some place inside. I crawled inwards. A few more footsteps entered in. I saw a searchlight beam right over the thing that I was under and a few footsteps advanced in my direction. I stopped my breath. The light waded here and there across the wall then stopped above me. I kept silent. 

“There’s something here!” someone cried from a distance, and I heard the light turn and the footsteps quickly recede away. I breathed slowly trying to hear. Many other footsteps moved in that direction. Suddenly, I heard a shutter lift. “That way,” one voice said as they all got out and ran; then, there was silence.

I stayed there for a couple of minutes and came out, still struggling with the shackles on. I sat down on the floor in the dark and coughed, being veryafraid to get out of the building because I knew the shackles would betray me. My mind was as blank as the nothingness before me, knowing nothing what to do, and my shirt was wet by the sweat. Suddenly, a thought flashed on my mind, “Why do you fear in the land of the shadows?” I got up straight pushing against the wall, and as I did that my hands hit a switch behind me. A faint lamp kindled on the wall above me and I saw that the room was a large one, but strewn with objects all around in a jungle of mess. There were cobwebs everywhere. The object before me, under which I had hid, was a desk. The desk had a drawer in it with a handle. I turned around and pulled it out and turned again to see what was in it. There was a sealed scroll there with a small brass object in the shape of a double-edged sword beside it. A scarlet thread ran through the needle of the brass object’s hilt. I took it in my hands and fumbled to insert it into the lock of the cuffs on the left hand; I turned it, and in an instant the lock snapped and the cuff dangled from my wrist. I now turned towards the desk with my right wrist on it and easily unlocked the other cuff. I quickly tucked the scroll under my shirt, tied the brass pendant around my neck, pushed the shackles into the drawer and was about to turn off the lamp when I noticed that there was a wardrobe next to the desk. I went to it and, opening it, found that there was nothing in it except a hooded black coat hanging. I donned it and pulled the hood over. Then, I turned off the lamp and hurried out of the room.
Luxuria
My intention was to return to the park and get back the book from those men. So, I strode hastily through dim and brightly lighted streets until I reached the vicinity of the park. I stopped at the other end of the road and was perplexed to see that the men weren’t there anymore. My first thought was to enter in and search, but my feelings didn’t allow. I decided to stand there and wait.

Presently, I spotted Epicure walking towards me from a distance with a lady by his side and his arm on her shoulder. They both were jesting and laughing aloud and acted like amorous lovers. I turned towards a shop and pretended to look in as he passed by me. He didn’t seem to see me because he passed by me without even raising a wink. I wondered if he saw anyone.   I knew it was worthless trying to follow him. I looked at the park again and, now, saw something that I didn’t notice earlier. There was a board hanging above the benches with a quote that read: “He who has learnt the art of laughter has become free from the past and the hereafter.” Above the quote were the words: “The Critic’s Bench”. I turned and looked at my right above the sidewalk and saw another board with the words: “Walk with the crowd and you won’t be lost.” I read the name of the road: “Freemen’s way”. Now, without a map, without the book, and without a wallet I had no clue what to do and where to go. “I’ll look for Elymas,” I resolved, because I knew that the book was the only link between this world and the one to which I belonged.  The words that I had read earlier before losing the book rang in my ears:

“Seek Wisdom like one searches for hidden treasure;
And till you find her, allow no game and no pleasure.
Seek her in the squares; seek her in the thoroughfares,
Seek her everywhere, but keep away from barren leisure.”

“I’ll go to the main square,” I thought, “there would be some clue; also, most feet are bound to pass that way, and Elymas might pass through it as well.” So, I began walking in the direction in which I first saw Epicure coming. Most of the people here looked happy and satisfied. Now and then I would observe one or two who looked sapless; but, such a person would soon be seen to stop by, pull out a small bottle of liquid, and sniff it hard. Then, immediately his or her face would beam and he or she would spring back into mad and wild laughter. I wondered what stuff that bottle contained. I saw one of such men suddenly turn towards me, point his finger at me, and laugh jeeringly so wild that his face became red, swollen, and tears fell from his eyes. He then settled down on a side bench and holding his stomach kept writhing in laughter. I quickly moved away from him.

I, presently, reached a turn and entered another street and noticed the square lit by bright lights at the far end. There seemed to be some monument in the middle of the square. The walk here was larger and tents were spread outside houses and shops where men and women sat and played games of various kinds. The people here sometimes looked happy and sometimes very unhappy. I noticed that the winners of the games would jump up, stamp the ground, stand up high and blow a trumpet. Others, most probably those who lost some game, would be pulling out fists of rage and yelling curses. There was one thing that I noted about these streets; I noticed that each of the streets had a stench of a different kind, and the stench grew pungently irritating to the nose as I drew closer to the square.
I also noticed that things were getting strange in the city now, because by now a number of men dressed in black suits were beginning to be seen everywhere, walking with furtive glances at every man. Also, there were police cars and personnel stopping a number of men and checking their papers. But, they didn’t seem to care about the men who were playing the games. Presently, I noticed that there were also notices pasted on some walls with the picture of someone and the headline “Wanted!” I looked closer and was suddenly in a dread because the image that I saw was a pencil sketch of my face. I slowed my pace and ambled through the walk to avoid suspicion. But, it seemed useless because a policeman stopped me and demanded, “Your papers, sir!”

In an act of instinctive reflex, I pulled out the scroll tucked under my shirt and handed it over to him. My mind reeled with questions and my eyes looked quickly here and there trying to figure out which way to take in order to run. The policeman unpinned the seal and opened the scroll; glanced over it, then folded it back, and returned it to me again. At this moment, I noticed that the police badge bore the image of the head of a goat.  He then walked way. I wondered what the scroll was all about. “May be some citizenship papers,” I thought. I unrolled it and saw that it was a plain; there was nothing in it. The hairs on my hand stood up. I rolled it back and tucked it under my shirt.

I reached the square and stood at a corner. It was a busy place with people walking and strolling all around. In the middle of it was a great fountain lit with many colors in which stood a great stone statue of a lady sitting on a red horse, with a bow drawn in her hand and a quiver full of arrows on her back. There was the emblem of a goat’s head on the pedestal and under it the words:

LUXURIA
Also Called LUST
Twice Victor over Truth and Time

I wondered what those words meant. The colors had an unnatural blend that attracted the eyes but caused such strain that I had to look away from the image. I also noticed that four huge statues of goats stood at each corner of the square. Each goat was of a different color, and a different name visibly carved on their body. I noticed that each of the names was different. Also, a banner flew over them of the same color with four words written on each. The red goat bore the name “Amour” on its body and its banner carried the words “Stolen Waters Are Sweet”. The lavender goat bore the name “Sodom” and it banner carried the words “All Pleasure is Natural”. The bluish-green goat bore the name “Sade” and its banner carried the words “Some Deserve Their Hurt”. The black goat bore the name “Zooerastia” and its banner carried the words “One With All Nature”. I felt nauseated by what I saw and read.

“Yea, the Lady is cautious and so has ordered her troops to brush through every house,” I overheard someone saying behind my back. I didn’t turn around and pretended not to hear anything. 

“Is it true that she has ordered three sweeps of search?” another person asked.

“Yes, we’ve heard that. There have been reports that Law was sighted with a young man. The young man was caught later by one of the officer, but managed to escape. Luxuria was furious on hearing this and has ordered the entire force to filter through the division.”

“One little nuisance can spoil the texture of the entire region. He may have escaped to Ira or Acedia by now.  I’m sure that the Lady’s fury will subside.”

“I don’t believe that; Luxuria is never calm until she has obtained what she wants.”

“What about Elymas, the magician? I heard some rumors.”

My ears perked up.

“Oh yes, I forgot mentioning that. It is closely related to the case. Elymas was the one, it is said, who caught the young man and handed him over to the police. He had also taken away from him a certain book that he carried. It is said that Elymas, on hearing that the young man had connections with Law, immediately annunciated that he would demonstrate his greater powers of magic by burning the book in public. So, after he had gathered a number of people, he placed the book on a stone altar and cast fiery spells on it. But it seems he didn’t pronounce a spell rightly, because all of a sudden fire came out of the book and burnt his eyes, and he became blind.”

“He couldn’t heal himself?”

“No. He had cast the ultimate spell and it seems to have boomeranged on him. The Governess came to know this and confiscated the book. “Let Law come and take it from me,” she is said to have said.” They laughed.

“Where is Elymas now?”

“Nobody knows.”

“Oh let the officials do their job; there are more pleasant things for us to attend.” They left.

My mind was berserk with confusion knowing not what to do now. I knew that any attempt towards Luxuria in order to get the book was like putting the head in a guillotine. Elymas was not to be found here. What about Wisdom? Would she stand in the square of a world of shadows? I didn’t think it possible. I doubted if I could ever find her; if there was any hope now, it relied on her finding me. But would she?

I decided to return to the old dilapidated building. “The police may come searching for me there,” I thought. “But,” I argued, “I must not get away too far from the possibility of securing the book.” Not being able to decide or compose myself as to my next step ahead, I turned back. A bit of me didn’t agree with my returning back. But, that bit was overpowered by my confusion – I absolutely now had no idea where to go or what to do, and I abandoned the confusion and unknown to the familiar that I had already known. Before me was a vast emptiness bereft of all answers, behind me was the only solid thing I now could remove to. So, I returned, at each step strengthening my resolve with the hope that all we be fine in the end. I came close to the old building and saw that it stood there all the same – forsaken and worn. I walked close to it, all the while pretending not to be in an alarm while also looking from the corner of the eye and casually making sure that I was not being watched. The street seemed to be darker and the lamps dimmer, or perhaps I felt so. As I drew closer, I felt that a shadow was following me from behind. I shirked it off as a mere mental rearrangement of unknowingly picked sense-signals. As soon as I was close to the door, I ambled in, sidled back near the desk and sat down in the dark. Then, suddenly, the lamp above me lit and I jumped back. 
The Chase
“I knew you would come back here again.”

I looked and before me sat a lady dressed in red. I recognized her as Luxuria from the statue that I had seen in the square. And as soon as I saw her I closed my eyes; not because she looked frightful, but because her appearance was arrayed in such magical power that a glance at her got my senses confused and involuntarily drawn as a moth is drawn to the fire. I shuddered with weakness and fear.

“Do you intend to hide by closing your eyes or do you want to deny the reality that you’ve seen?” she laughed. “Don’t you have the guts of a man?”

I opened my eyes and looked at her the second time, and in that very instant, I felt my strength drain away, my limbs became helpless. She moved closer to me and with each step that she took, I grew more powerless. I wanted to run, but there was too little strength left. I closed my eyes. Then, I felt a sharp metal touch the bare skin of my neck, and I collapsed into nothingness, amnesia, and a cesspool of pitch darkness. After that, I remembered nothing.

When I awoke I saw that I was in the same cell that I had been locked in earlier; but, now thick and long chains bound me to hooks on the nose of the goat’s image on the wall. I shuddered and felt heavily guilty about all this. “I shouldn’t have turned back,” I thought. “But, where could I go; for no matter, how hard I would run, I could never have run away from this world of shadows…” 

I looked at the picture of the goat, then at the solid iron door. “Running away would be harder now,” I thought, “but, I should get out of here!” Then, suddenly, fear and doubt gripped my soul. “I’ll be caught again anyway, for how far can I run? And then, the situation would be worse. Why not submit to this than trying to get out of where I’m bound to return again and again!”

Suddenly a thought hit my mind. “Why not fight and destroy the villains?” But, then again I felt warned against fighting the crocodile in the river. Yet, it also seemed worth dying while fighting, than just pine away and die without even giving a try. As soon as I had thought these thoughts, I remembered the brass pendant and found it on my neck. I bent myself at the lock, inserted the pendant and, in an instant, the lock snapped open. Then, I tried it on my cuffs and they snapped off. I was now free; however, the steel door was impregnable. So, I arranged the chains and cuffs to look as they had been, while construing means to be free. I remembered the scroll and opened it. It looked blank; then, as I was about to roll it back, I saw that some letters began fade into it. I stretched it back and read:

Vacuum, the barrenness of empty desire;
Insatiable craving, abysmal mire;
Deluded by Lust, the cunning liar;
The end of all ends, brimstone and fire…
Leave the dark dungeon behind;
Leap into the Light;
Break through the hideous blind:
Flee! Stand not to fight!


The text then faded out and the page was blank again. I wondered. I rolled the scroll back and tucked it in.

A few minutes later, I heard steps drawing close to my cell. I repositioned myself. A key turned and the door opened. Two policemen entered in. One of them drew closer to me to unchain me; I seized the opportunity, wrapped myself like a lightning around him, cuffed his hands back, then placing the brass pendant in a piercing position against his neck, ordered the other officer to step back. I, then, using my captive as my shield began to walk away from the place, as the guards and officers stepped back to clear the way. I moved out of the station, then whirling the policeman away with a strong jerk, I ran and ran and ran. I ran through quick turns of streets, jumping across roads, crossing, skidding, dodging, ducking, while the sirens kept sounding and people kept shouting; I ran mad and wild, the pendant still clutched hard in my hand. My legs felt heavy, my chest throbbed with pain, my fingers felt numb, but I ran and ran until I reached an intersection of main roads cutting around and through the Market; then, I crossed the street into the Market place, barged into a big cloths store, ambling in at the very instant; then, rushing to where they sold coats, picked up a black hooded coat and went into the trial room.

I panted for a while, almost feeling like throwing up; then, I opened my palm and the brass pendant looked as if it was bleeding. I strung it around my neck, and in that instant looked in the mirror and was shocked. My hair was shorn. I wore the coat, pulled the hood over and came out of the room. There were policemen everywhere. The exit door was blocked and guarded as the team of officers searched the store. I had turned my face away, fumbling at the garments, pretending to search for others. On an opposite glass, I saw two officers walking towards me. When they reached at the distance of a handbreadth, I quickly turned aside and went to another part where there were many people and mixed up with them, pretending to be totally immersed in the search and fully unaware of their presence.  Suddenly, I heard the sound of a buzz. Then, an officer’s voice said, “We request all of you to kindly stand your ground as we make a search for an absconding criminal.” There were whispers all around. Officers, then, flooded the store all around, many new joining them, and began a thorough search. They looked at each person closely, searched the trial rooms, and behind the dresses. Now, I saw five of them advancing towards me from the front. My heart beat faster and I knew of no hope. They examined two in front of me and then turned towards me, when I felt pull on my trousers. I turned around. There was a little girl of perhaps two, pulling at my trousers and smiling at me.


Piety and Faith
I smiled back, picked her up in my arms, and hugged her. 

The officers came close to me, watched the child and me and went away to examine others. “They might have mistaken me to be her father,” I thought.

“Inno!” I heard a hushed voice say. I turned around and saw a lady with a man beside her. I looked at them, and they looked at me, and they looked familiar. Then, I remembered them as among the ones who had disappeared on the Bridge of Time. They weren’t looking at my face, but at my neck where the scarlet thread that held the pendant beneath my shirt lay. Then they looked at me and gave a faint quarter smile and looked askance. Inno got down from my arms and ran to the lady, who I surmised to be her mother. My hands wanted to hide the thread under the shirt; but, I hesitated since any movement could grant occasion for suspicion. I smiled back and stood the ground. The search operation was over. The officers came together, spoke something to each other, and rushed out of the store dividing themselves severally into different directions. The lady and the man came to me.

“You should come with us!” they said. I nodded skeptically and followed. They paid for my purchase and led me out; then, crossing across and striding through two streets, we reached a bus stop. There were policemen everywhere, here as well. I noticed that they had a different badge with the emblem not of a goat but of a lion. A bus arrived and they gestured me to move in with them. I followed. The bus drove through a number of streets that looked dim despite the many fiery lamps. The lamps were big and it seemed that fire was blazing inside of the glass shields. They produced more heat than light, which accounted for the hot climate here. We, presently, reached an area which was filled with rows of houses. We got off and walked into a narrow lane, then turned on the second row, and stood before an old home in a row of houses. The man unlocked the house and we got in. 

The house was a small one and, by what I made out sitting in the outer room, it had only two rooms and a kitchen inside. The outer room where we sat didn’t have any decorations of any kind but had only a few chairs and a small table. It also looked old and the light inside was rusty and dim. The lady went inside with the little child.

“The whole city is again on a hunt after you,” the man began.

“Do you recognize me?” I asked wondering if he had seen me on the Bridge.

“Yes, of course, your pictures are stuck everywhere. If we handed you over now, we would be rich.”

I squirmed. 

“But, we would not.” He looked at me with a sad face. “Did you meet him?”

“Whom?” I asked.

“Religare, who is also known as Religion. He was one of us who disappeared from Time and have fallen here.”

His wife came, in the meantime, with the daughter, and began setting some food on the table. Then, I realized that I had long forgotten hunger in my quest for freedom.

“She is Piety, my wife, and I am Faith. This is our daughter Innocence, whom we lovingly call Inno.” Inno smiled. “Please help yourself with the food!” We began to eat. 

“Religare was a Seer who could see deep into the vileness of this City. But, the inhabitants here seem to be deceived. In the beginning we found a dwelling place in an old dilapidated building in Luxuria. The building was abandoned by a family who had moved to Superbia. All the while we sought ways and means to get out of here. Religare would give us tasks to search out means by which we could not only help ourselves but also the inhabitants of this city, so that the snare-net of illusion that she has dropped over their minds would be broken and the Kingdom of Darkness shattered, and we once again see light. But, sooner we realized, that the people here hated all talks of true liberty. They enjoyed their lives here and rationalized it and rebelled against any talk of the True World, the City of Light. We began to become cautious, but it was too late. Once Religare showed us this scarlet thread that you are wearing now. It had a brass pendant. He said it was the Key of Truth that would open any lock of Sin. He then also showed us a scroll and said that it was the Scroll of Prudence that keeps one from evil. He then put these in the drawer of a table and closed it. Suddenly, we heard a loud shout and ten or twelve policemen accompanied by two men in black suits stormed in. They pointed at Religare and shouted, “He is the one!” as they surrounded him and laid their hands on him. We escaped through a back door, and after many hidings reached here. Since then, we haven’t heard from Religare, neither did we go to Luxuria because of fear. Without Religare now we can neither strive for nor awaken others to look for freedom. We try to blend with this world, and it is terrible.” They looked at their daughter sadly. She was busy eating, then looked at us and smiled, understanding nothing.

“Do you have your papers?”

“Yes, we managed to obtain them for a price from an official at Avaritia. We told him that our papers were lost and that we had become homeless due to some financial losses. He made us duplicate papers and allotted us this house here in Ira for the poor. We had to pay him some money for overlooking our credentials. But, he also mentioned that sooner all the citizens would need to be sealed to prevent all forgery. He said that the seal would be planted on either one’s arm or one’s forehead.” We had finished eating. 

“I see. But, no I didn’t see Religare. I found these objects in the drawer,” I said as I took the scroll and the pendant out and showed them. They stared at them with wide eyes. Then, I told them how I reached here and what things I experienced in my quest for freedom. “We have to get back that book,” I said “since Law gave it to me as the only guide for instructions here.”

“How shall we do that?” Piety asked.

I took the scroll in my hand. “We have no other option,” I said. Then, I opened the scroll and we three looked into it; it was blank. Then, all of a sudden it turned black and a dim scene appeared; we saw an ancient wall. And as we looked, we saw that there was a big hole in the wall. Then, the scene drew in through the hole into a place that looked like a dungeon. It was dark there, but we could see wherever the scene shifted the view. We saw that there were diagrams and engravings of various reptiles, ferocious beasts, and worms on the walls. There were also many paintings of semi-beast or semi-reptile humans with obscene features on the walls. They were innumerous and nauseatingly vile. The scene showed us graffiti on the wall that read “Robbers,” “Pillagers”, “Thieves,” “Murderers,” and “Looters”. Then, we saw that there were men and women in the dungeon who were counting and dividing changes of gold and silver. Suddenly, the scene shifted to a dark place where there was a statue of a seven-headed monster. The middle head was of a peacock, and on its left were the heads of a goat, a lion, and a toad; on its right were the heads of a tortoise, a snake, and a swine. Its body was full of hairs resembling the hairs of a bear and it was seated on a dark red throne. On its chest were engraved the words “Sarx”. Then, the scene shifted below the image, down to the pedestal, and there we saw bound with heavy chains to the blocks, a man with long grey hairs, travailing in pain and agony. We saw that he was pale and famished.

“Religare!” Faith and Piety cried and they began weeping.

We saw that the chains had two big locks and each lock and its accompanying chain had the same name. The name of the first one was Magic and the name of the second was Fear. Then, the scene faded out into black and returned to a blank page and these words appeared:

SUPERBIA
Seat of Sarx and Sin

Then, the words disappeared and the page went blank again. I rolled back the scroll and we looked at each other. Faith and Piety were still in tears. Inno began crying too, not understanding why her parents were crying, but crying because they were crying. Piety took her and began to calm her up. 

“I need to go there,” I said.

“The area is the most heavily guarded one,” said Faith. “And, even when one gets there after having broken through the strongest hedges, it’s not easy to find the dungeon.”

Piety looked at him with sad and reddened eyes. Inno raised her hands and wiped her mother’s tears; Piety looked at her and embraced her. Faith’s eyes were filled with tears too. My heart moved within me and I rose up.

“I have the key to unchain him, I should not stay here,” I said as I tied the pendant with its thread around my wrist and tucked the scroll under my shirt.

“We will come with you,” said Piety.

“No!” I objected. 

Suddenly, there was a loud rap on the door, and startled, we all looked at it.
The Guardian
“Open the door or we’ll have to break in!” a voice commanded.

Faith went and opened it as Piety led me inside. We entered the kitchen and she pulled out a big slab of tile. We could hear Faith arguing with the officers while they questioned him. “Your papers are forged,” they said. “Don’t you understand that the man who sold you the papers at Avaritia is one of us? Arrest him and search the house!” the chief officer cried. Piety quickly pulled me signaling me to get into the pit. I felt confused and hesitated. She placed Inno into my arms and said “Remain here until all is fine!” She then placed a purse in my hand and quickly closed the slab. Immediately, I heard the sounds of footsteps above. There was the sound of shackles and shackling. “What wrong have we done?” I heard Piety say. I sensed Inno about to cry and I closed her mouth. Tears dropped from my eyes. 

“There has been a lot of trouble in the City and conspirators at bay; we’re arresting you under suspicion of being one of them.”

“But, how can you say that?”

“Your papers are forged and we’ve received information that you recently shifted to this house. But, no more questions, lady. Officers, take her!”

We heard the steps recede. I could feel the warm tears drop from Inno’s eyes onto my fingers. It felt as if an arrow had struck my entrails. But, silence is often salvation. The doors closed and then we heard nothing anymore.

I gently pushed against the tile and put Inno up on the floor; then, jumped up, took her in arms and rushed out. The street was crowded now with people and cars and vans, and I knew not which direction to go. “Where is Mommy?” Inno began to weep. “Don’t cry, my child, we’re going there,” I said and began to walk in the dimly lit sideway. I saw a few people who were gazing at us cry out “See, he’s one of those enemies of freedom, catch him!” They began running towards us. I began to run with Inno in my arms. She cried. Then, suddenly a car jumped in front of me from the road onto the sidewalk. The man inside was intending to block my path and slow me down. But, I pulled the door, jumped in, kicked him out, and pulled back the car out of the sideway, closing the door. Inno became silent as I quickly pulled the seatbelt around her. Then, I jumped to speed and accelerated like lightning. I drove through while were police sirens kept buzzing and intensifying everywhere. They followed me from the right and the left, joining the ranks of cars, as I evaded advancing vehicles and police cars, pushing velocity as I drove like mad. Suddenly, I began hearing the sounds of gunshots in the air. Suddenly two heavy trucks cut in from the right road ahead of me and stood parallel to each other blocking the way. I screeched to a halt close to the trucks and my car turned round and stopped. The police cars all came around me and surrounded me. Around a dozen officers got down and advanced towards me with their guns and batons. I kicked the accelerator, and my car roared and charged at the vehicles in front of me; there was a collision and a car blew around as I evaded another and invaded the gap. Now, there were shots being fired at my car as it galloped through the streets spitting heat and fire. There were police cars charging at me from the front. But, I bolted through them before their bullets met the air. The signals all turned red and the sirens intensified. Then, I noticed that all the roads were blocked, and I reached a place where there was a large palatial building with the gates thrown open. I turned into it and brought the car to a screeching halt; then, jumped out of the car with Inno in my arms and ran into the building and was stopped by the guards.

“Keep your hands off them!” I heard a voice say. In front of me, there stood a tall lady in a deep red gown with fiery red eyes and a raised brow. The police cars stopped outside and I heard steps behind me come and stop.

She looked at us and then said, “Follow me!” Four officers came and stood beside us. I looked at Inno and saw fear in her eyes. I tried to smile pretending that it is all fine and part of some game. We followed her into a large hall where there was a throne on which she went and sat. 

“You can go away!” she said to the officers. They moved out. 

I saw that above her throne was the roaring face of a lion. Also, two lions stood on the two sides of the throne. 

“Do you know where you are?” she asked.

“It is the Court of Ira,” I answered.

“Yes, it is; the place where traitors meet their fate. How interesting to see the rat escape into its own death cage!” She remarked without any smile. “Who is that girl?”

I clutched Inno tightly as she turned away her face and wrapping her arms around me with her chin on my shoulder. I kept silent. Ira rose up from her throne, pulled out a sword, advanced at me and placed the tip of the blade close to the child.

“She is the daughter of Piety and Faith who were arrested a few moments ago,” I said.

Ira removed the blade. She was tall but of the same height with me. Hatred and despisal were written on her face. My mind knew that her quickness of temper made her the sole arbitrator over final matters and things were quickly decided and done here.

“Officers!” she cried as two policemen rushed in, “Take the girl away to Luxuria, where she’ll learn the arts to serve our Queen best.”

“You can’t do that!” I cried. 

“I can do everything,” she affirmed as the policemen came and snatched Inno away from me. She struggled and cried. I felt powerless. 

“Take him away as well and subject him to bonded labor till the Conspiracy is broken. Let’s see if Law can come for their rescue,” she sneered.

They cuffed my hands behind and led me through one door, while they took Inno away through another as she struggled and cried. I saw no hope amidst the multitudes of guards, the mindless wrath of Ira, and damnation ahead. They took me to a police van, and an officer shouted, “To Superbia into the Camp!” The van coughed and paced off as four cars followed us from behind. It sped through two turns and entered the main way dividing the Market and Ira. Then, it roared and devoured the road like a hurricane as people and cars whizzed past. I marveled at the pace here; but, they all looked tensed, desirous of doing things fast. People jumped off even on the sidewalks when they saw our van closing in. The loud sound of the siren and the roar of the engine cleared the way. I heard one officer smugly comment, “No one stands when the emissaries of Ira take the road.” Suddenly, the van horned loud and the breaks screeched as I slid forwards. I saw from the front glass that there were big cans ranked in the middle of the road blocking all traffic. The officers in the other cars got down to investigate. I slid the pendant around my wrist into the locks and unshackled myself; at that very instant, something banged against our van and it whirled around. Then, the door slid open and a hand pulled me out of the van and then inside a car; the next instant, the car sniffed smoke, bolted backwards, then bulleted through the crowd. I looked back and the police cars all confused looked like miniatures in the far distance. The car fired, shook, dodged, horned, and shot like flashes of lightning through the streets; then, I realized that I was afraid. 

In a flip of moment, we were parked before a huge monument. I looked at the man who drove, and he turned to me. “Don’t fear,” he said. I was sent for your rescue.” He wore a black suit over a white collar and his eyes blazed with pure crystal fire.

“Who are you?” I asked.

“My name is Guardian.”

I felt a hand on my shoulders and looked back. It was Inno, and she was smiling. My eyes were filled with tears.
Clever and the Fair
I took her in my arms and embraced her. “Who is Providence?” I asked Guardian.

“He orchestrates everything that is good. He’ll bring you to the One.”

“Why don’t you take us out of here? I know you can!”

“No, I can’t. I can only operate in the sphere that I’m sent into and in the role and powers that I’m sent with. Each world is a sphere, or a game, with the sets that define its meaning, and I can only operate in the capacity and to the extent that the game allows.”

“But, this game is an endless sophistry….”

“It is not; for the chains of Magic and Fear shall soon be broken.”

“I want to go to my mommy!” whimpered Innocence. We both looked at her.

“Go and find them; for this is your goal next,” said Guardian.

“How shall I do that and where?” I asked.

“Go and Providence will guide you,” he replied. “But, now, I must go.”

“Wait, but what about Wisdom? Where shall I find her?”

“Out of the mouth of the little and despised, you will learn the art of wondering and find light for your eyes; then shall you meet Wisdom.” He looked at me and smiled; then, it appeared as if there was a warm fire that kindled in the pupil of his eyes. There was a little flash and Guardian disappeared.

I looked at Inno.  She had fallen asleep. I placed her softly in the seat and pulled the belt around her. Then, I turned on the headlights and looked ahead of me. Before me was a giant monument of a lady made up of gold. She was decked with costly stones and a crown of diamonds coruscated on her head. On the pedestal below the statue were engraved the words:

AVARITIA
The Root of This World

Around her were six golden poles with lamps burning on their top. The lamp heads looked like the head of a toad. I looked around and saw that there were four other statues on the four corners of this square; for we were now in this square which, surprisingly, was lone. There was no one. I looked at the images on the four corners and wondered that they too had names engraved on them and banners flying above them like the ones in Luxuria. The images were made of silver and were of toads that stood like men. I saw that there was a sinisterly craving jolly in their eyes, while their belly looked so filled as if ready to burst. Each held an object in his hand. The first toad held a whip; the second, a sword; the third, a balance; and the fourth, a measuring rod. On each was engraved the words, respectively: Class, Conquest, Commerce, and Construction.

I took out the scroll and looked at it. A map zoomed in and I saw where we were. I still was wondering that the place was empty, when I heard the sound of footsteps towards us. I turned and saw a young man running towards us with a little case in his hands.

“Hello Sir!” the man came to my window and greeted, “Are you going to the Fair? I was so engaged in my work that I had lost track of the events, and when I had finished I realized that all had left, the last bus as well, to the Fair and I was left alone. I’m so glad to find at least you here. I’ll be grateful if you give a lift to the place!”

“Well, first of all, I do not know you; and, secondly, I wasn’t planning to go the Fair even.”

“My name is Clever, Sir, and I’m an optician by profession. Well, I’m sorry to have troubled you. But, you don’t seem to be from this province, do you?”

“No, Sir!”

“Been coming from Luxuria, I suppose.”

“Yes, and how did you deduce that?”

“Well,” he spoke with an air of carelessness, “I visited the garments store on Luxuria once and saw a number of such coats that you are wearing. They are certainly quite express made and, of course, quite noticeable as well.”

“Oh, I see.”

He raised his brow a little as if studying something, then said, “I recently obtained a pair of marvelous glasses, you see, and I wonder if you’d like to take a look at them…”

“I’m surely not for purchasing anything, Sir!”

“I’m sure they’ll fit too well on your face. I was planning to take them all to the Fair; but, since you don’t seem to be coming… and, I’m possibly not able to make to there, I wonder if it wasn’t for you that I am delayed [he winked] in order that you get the glasses.”

I laughed. 

“I guarantee you’d look quite different… and almost all new,” he added with an appealing smile. I smirked. He opened the case, and pulled a little box out of it and opened it, putting it in the reflection of light. The crystal clear glasses glimmered.  “How much are they for?” I asked.

“Fifty eight,” he replied. “They’re made by the best manufacturers in the City, the Glancers.”

My first thought was to take it, thinking it would certainly aid a disguise, but then I suddenly remembered that I was without a wallet. The purse that Piety gave me came in my mind, but I couldn’t think of using it for such unthought purchases, of course. Clever seemed to be reading consternations on my face.

“I was thinking, that in case you were going on the direction to the Fair, you could drop me somewhere near it… a normal taxi fare would amount to 49 bucks; but, I’ll trade this, anyway, for the rest, of course will come to me by the profit I could make if I reach there before the two last calls. What would you say? That way you not only get these and drop me there, but save your money as well, provided you’re going that way.”

“Which way is it?”

“On the last turn towards Gula; the Fair is bound to profit greatly from our neighbors for sure. I wouldn’t want to miss it.”

“Okay, please get in.”


We glided through a few lone streets before catching the traffic on the main road. It seemed that the Fair was a significant one, for there were a number of citizens from Ira speeding towards it. I didn’t seem to see any merchants or traders, and the shops were also closed. Evidently, as Clever had said, they had all already made their way to the Fair to set their stalls in line. We reached the last turn on the way of Gula and took it. A number of policemen were already arrayed in sets to guard the place. I saw that they wore the symbol of toad on their badges. Each also swung a little torch on his hip. There were lady police officers as well. 

“Stop please!” Clever said. “Pull your hood well over your head and wear these!” he said handing over the glasses to me. I looked surprised. He gestured and said, “Quick!” and pushed the hood half down my forehead. I donned the glasses, and was surprised to realize that the sight grew brighter on wearing them. At that moment, I saw a policeman walk up to us.

“Has the Fair already begun, officer?” Clever inquired. “I hope we won’t miss our stalls.”

“Oh, it’s you the optician,” the officer sighed, “we’re really on the watch out… the City is alerted about a certain man, a confederate of the Enemy, who is prowling around this City and must be brought to trial. He is said to have escaped with a little child.” He looked to me and raised a questioning brow.

“Is it so?” Clever remarked. “I hope this situation doesn’t spoil the mood of festivity here. We had only expected excitement, fun, and, of course, good sales on this occasion.”

“Oh no, you don’t need to worry about that. Only the police are alerted. The citizens know nothing of it.”

“That looks better. If you excuse us, we need to get to our stall as sooner as possible.”

“Go ahead Sir. The glasses that you gave to my wife have helped her see things better now. Okay, all the best for the sales!” he bid us goodbye.

“Why did you ask me to pull the hood and wear the glasses?” I asked Clever.

“Any idiot could tell from your shorn head that you had escaped prison at Luxuria. And, the fact that the hairs haven’t shot up prove that you’ve escaped being caught and imprisoned by Ira; which is quite an incredible thing to have happened. You can know one thing for sure, Ira won’t sit calm until you are brought to her Court of Vengeance.”

I was struck. 

“Let’s get in,” he said. “This will be the safest place for you, in the moment!”

I wondered if I could trust this stranger. But, there was no doubt that he had just saved me from a danger.

He found a stall a little away from the entrance, and began arranging his stuff as passersby turned onlookers to what he was doing.

“Enjoy the Fair, young man,” he said to me, “There’s nothing like the Fair of Avaritia in the whole of Magic City.”

I smiled and we walked away.
Chance, Fate, and Avaritia
I had taken Inno to a small food corner and bought for her a piece of sweet bread with the money that Piety had given me. We sat there she ate the bread holding it in her little fingers. There were a few stout men sitting on a table thrown a bit far from us. They were eating too much and seemed too disgustfully voracious.

“You guys from Gula make our stalls grow fatter!” a waitress remarked as she dropped a tray of meat on their table. They didn’t respond to her, but just jumped on the meat and began tearing chunks of bites off it.

“Why are they eating like that?” Inno asked.

“They might be very hungry,” I said.

“But, why do they eat like that even if they’re so hungry?”

“Because their hunger is of a different kind.”

“What kind?”

“Like a pig.”

She laughed.

I pondered at my own misery and wondered the meaning of it all. Or, was the desire for meaning itself a misery of delusion, I wondered. I felt lone, disillusioned, and pointless, except for the fact of Inno. Perhaps, if not for her, I would have lost purpose. Immediately, my mind began engaging in thoughts of how to reach Piety and Faith, perhaps also deliver Religare, and then someway find a way out of this vortex of darkness. “What should I do next?” I wondered as everything ahead looked bleak and impossible. I thought about the map. “If there is a “where” to go, there will be a road to it; it would only be meaningless to build a road in the darkness to just nowhere… I know where I need to go now; I only need to discover the route…. There will be many routes; many of which, of course, not even mentioned in the maps of this City, for these are not explicit. I must discover one of those…” It seemed to me to be a plausible idea. “Once I get there, and the mission is done, then…., then” I wondered. I had reached to the end of myself and at a new cycle of frustration.

“You seem to be in grave consternation!”

I turned to my right a saw a lean middle-aged man sitting on a chair closeby, smiling at me. He wore a simple and neat white shirt tucked into his brown trousers and had a certain curly waves of hair on his head that evidently couldn’t be groomed. His face looked casual and carefree. He wore a gold ring on his left finger, and a brown thread on his right.

 “I saw you arrive with Clever. He has a particular dislike for me, you know… Well, these businessmen, they look at me as some kind of an omen. But, I do surprise them with my unwits sometimes.”

“Who are you, Sir?” I asked.

“Shouldn’t I have asked you the same? But, it doesn’t matter what or who you are to me or to anyone, isn’t it so? Of course or perhaps or may be not; whatever…” he drew his chair close to me and spoke in whispers with a crystal spark in his eyes, “The truth is that truth is a catchword; reality is a myth; existence is a game of accommodative meanings that we create in order to be who we are and find our own identity. That’s where frustration strikes hard. Instead, why don’t just let go, then you’ll see magic in every shade of hue, in every breeze of the wind, in every blade of grass, and every twist of the atom. Let things be what they are and let things be known as they let themselves appear. Suffering results from overstraining of the brain to accommodate the world to an attribute that doesn’t belong to it, namely meaning.... Isn’t that strange?”

“I don’t get what you say,” I replied feeling even more strained by what he said.

“You don’t get it because you strain to link things together into a meaningful story. You don’t realize that a story is only beautiful because it happens, because it is let to happen so.”
“What has happened to me is not so meaningful after all!”

“But, isn’t it beautiful?”

“How can something be beautiful without being meaningful?”

“If you just experience it without any demand whatsoever.”

“That’s passive subjection, enslavement.”

“What is not?”

“What?”

“The butterfly dances to the rhythm of the wind flapping wings with colors from the rainbow, the peacock prances with the air of a king spreading feathers in a fanlike show; the mortals covet their beauty and sigh and moan casting their faces low, not realizing that it’s their covetous ambition that turns them into the world below. But, just let it go, let it go. Let be what the rhythm of this dice-play calls for. Be the dance, be the prance, then you’ll be beauty without straining to see the beautiful.”

“Are you a dance teacher?”

“Yes, perhaps… but, perhaps, more a dance maker?”

“Who are you?”

“I am Chance…”

“And, I am his sister Fate,” a young lady came by him and said, sitting on another chair. She was a tall and elegant looking lady, with chiseled and determined features, except for those dark rings around her eyes. “You got a lovely kid there!” She smiled pointing at Inno. Inno didn’t smile; she turned just to munching again.

“Yes, thanks!” I said, “I’m delighted to meet you both.”

“Delight is a word foreordained,” Fate smiled and replied. I noticed that her smiles were mingled with some sort of rigidity composed of indifference; quite difficult to distinguish one from the other.

“It is a matter of coincidence,” Chance objected.

“Aha, brother, there again, how often would you flip the dime; for can you see through the rigors of Time that the flip and the dime are both altogether the play of Fate?”

“Or the dance of Chance?” he gave a mischievous smile.

“Fate plays the dice and the dice dances by Chance,” she replied, raising an intelligent brow.

“What dice?” I asked.

“Let’s ask the child,” Fate proposed. Then turning to Inno, “What is your name, child?”

“Innocence!” Inno stopped munching and replied.

“Good! Do you like to dance or do you like to play?”

She didn’t say anything but, only looked at her as she would at a stranger.  Then, I saw her eyes moist and tears roll her cheek. I immediately left my chair, and picked her up in my arms, trying to console, saying “No worries baby, it’s alright, it’s alright.” Then, turning to Fate and Chance, I apologized, “I’m sorry, she might be a bit afraid of strangers!”

“So, she doesn’t happen to be your child, then?” Chance remarked. Then watching my dismay, “Well, you used the word might.”

“Oh, yea. She’s my niece. I met them after long, and I thought to show her the Fair.”

“Yes, go on, you should. Hope she’ll forget all this embarrassment and soon find some laughter in store with dance or play,” Chance turned to Fate and to us and smilingly said.

“Thank you! And, enjoy the Fair,” I greeted them as I left.

“The same with you!” they conjoined.

There was a merry-go-round on one corner and a few benches strewn around it. I asked Inno, “Would you like to go in it?”

“No!” she replied, “Can we sit on the benches there instead!” she pointed at them and asked. “Yes,” I replied. The kids were all jolly on the merry-go-round, the parents and elders standing by with merriment in their eyes and gestures; some screaming, some laughing, and some playfully dancing in the prodigal lightings of this night city’s Fair. One round of the merry-go-round had slowed to an end. A few alighted and a few others boarded it. I turned to Inno and saw that she was smiling, looking at the children. “Would you like to go in it?” I asked again. “Na!” she replied without turning towards me, still looking at the kids and smiling. 

“The dance of Chance or the play of Fate…” I thought, as my eyes followed the direction where I had left Fate and Chance. They had disappeared. “Or both?” I asked myself. I wondered what all of this meant. “Where might have they disappeared?” I thought. “Wow, doesn’t it all look like a big dream and my own thoughts and acts… are they still my own or the outworking of a dream that I take as real… Can one change the direction of a dream? If someone could tell me; but that someone would also first have to enter my dream, and be part of the dream? Then, how could I trust him?” My consternation increased. Inno looked at me and at that moment I relaxed down and smiled. 
“Can I have a look at your scroll, Sir?” she asked interrupting all my thoughts. I didn’t ask why. Perhaps, she had seen something that got her curious about this. Whatever, I at least felt relieved that she was in a playful disposition. I took out the scroll and rolled it open before her. The image of a cat playing with a ball was in it. Inno laughed. Then, I noticed that the ball once looked like a mouse and once like a ball. When it looked like a mouse, the cat pounced upon it; when it looked like a ball, she played with it. Whenever the cat pounced on the mouse, it turned to a ball. Inno laughed. “It’s neither this nor that!” I thought to myself. The thought struck me and I asked myself, “Why do I always only look at everything as either/or…Do I know all the options, yet? Isn’t there something greater than this all?”

A siren rolled, and then a voice called: “Attention, Ladies and Gentlemen, the Lady Avaritia addresses in a while! Citizens are requested to gather at the Center to witness the wrapping up of the Fair.”

Immediately, I saw stalls closing down, the gamers finishing with the last rounds, and people hurrying in the direction of the Center. I arose with Inno in my arms and proceeded in the same direction, when I felt a hand on my shoulder and turned back.


A Narrow Escape
“Hope you scraped some fun off the Fair!” Clever smiled and said. He was speaking loud since the sudden siren had also stirred up much commotion that voluminously flooded the range of air.

“Yes, we did!” I answered aloud. “Going to the Center?”

“Yes,” he replied, “Let’s be quick!” We hurried to the Center.

There was a great fountain, lit by colorful and playful lights, in the middle of Fair with a good sized open space in the front for people to stand. There was a stage set up by the fountain adorned with balloons, ribbons, and flowers. Armed guards stood all around it. A fine looking gentleman with a red suit on stood at the lectern smiling profusely, as if smiles were all biting at him. Behind him stood an array of five elegantly dressed personages that seemed to be officials. The Lady Avaritia was easy to distinguish by her golden silk vesture and a crown of sparkling diamonds. Also, on the stage were Fate and Chance. We were able to get a little close to the stage. When the people had all assembled, a second siren called, and the man in the red suit smiled even more torrentially to the extent that his face swelled and his words dropped like celebrative fireworks.

“Ladies and Gentlemen,” he began, seemingly quite conscious of the presence of Avaritia in all his conduct, “It is our pleasure to have you all at this Fair again. Your presence and participation add to the pleasure and romance …”

“Huh, ROMA: Radix Omnium Malorum Avaritia!” I heard someone murmur and I turned to find that it was a rather unkempt man, having meager appearance, short stature, and a worn-out face, his eyes fixated on the stage. “Evil… evil…. Root of All Evil,” he murmured again.

“Fate and Chance,” the red suited man continued, “had been appointed by our Honorable Lady to pick the trader who had affected the best business, and so I would call on them to please step forward and announce the winner.”

There were cheers and great applause as Fate and Chance stepped forward together hand in hand towards the podium. It did seem that the red suited man didn’t feel very comfortable having had to step behind.

“Choosing a winner is not always quite an easy job, when two are appointed to the task,” Chance began. The audience joined in cheering again. My criterion of choice was simple: the one with the greatest guts to face the highest risk of loss – the perfect gambler.”

“Mine was a bit different,” Fate joined in, “the one with the guts to embrace risk as riches – the apathetic utilitarian.” 

“Fatal intoxication, fatal entrapment, fatal Fate – the false shadow of false Chance!” the unkempt man murmured again oblivious to all around, as all others were to him.

The crowd cheered again. “So, who wins?” someone shouted. “Yes, who wins, who wins?” they all clamored.

“The winner is the optician, Clever!” Fate announced as a jubilant crowd cheered uncontrollably. 

Clever looked at me and smiled. Then, sprinted towards the stage where he was being welcomed by Fate and Chance and given a little trophy by Avaritia. He, then, turned and stood at a little corner on the stage.

I heard the unkempt man’s murmur: “So shall Curiosity gain hand over risk and finally swallow wallowing greed in his bottomless mire.” He seemed to be an intelligent man to me, but I wondered why he looked so unkempt. I turned at him, and at that instant was taken aback. The man had disappeared. I ran my eyes all over trying to catch a glimpse of him; but, he was nowhere to be found.

“My dear subjects,” Avaritia announced and the whole crowd went mad with ecstasy. 

“Speak, noble Lady, our lifegiver and ruler!” some shouted. 

“The dials of Fate and Chance turn in favor towards those who tap into the Magical power of Mammon. Money is Magic; and Magic, Money; everything else, its slave. Money is influence, money is strength; money is freedom, money is true wealth. So, never stop urging forward, amassing greater; for someone must always top the other. Contentment, fear, and sloth are the greatest destroyers of your power. Contentment makes one impotent; impotence creates insecurity; and insecurity breeds rebellion, rebellion against our Queen, rebellion against the Kingdom of Magic, rebellion against self. So, never stop short of any higher scale you can fix for yourself; and, when you’ve reached that, fix a greater one. Don’t be compelled by need alone. Be compelled by the glory of your Mother, by me, your Governess Avaritia; for success is defined by prosperity and prosperity is inherited by those who are faithful to me!”

The crowd now, on hearing this, was thrown into uncontrollable ecstasy, calling out, shouting slogans, gesticulating with hands beating the air, some crying tears, and it all seemed to land everything into a heavy confusion.

“Let’s go, let’s go!” Inno cried. I looked at her eyes. She was afraid. Then, suddenly the siren howled striking the commotion into a dead silence. Two men in black suits ascended the stage and began whispering something in the ears of Avaritia. While they did that, I saw her eyes turn fierce and hawk-like and I felt a premonition. 

“There has been an emergency call,” she spoke again with a grave voice. “Our city has been intruded by a number of enemies who are bent on our destruction. We received news of a young man who has escaped prison and is now target of the search. He is said to have a child with him.” I squirmed, but then felt there wasn’t any need to be alarmed since there were many men with children in arms there until I turned towards the stage again, and at this moment caught the eyes of Clever; they were unblinkingly riveted on me. I shuddered at the way he looked. The Lady continued, “There are a few more others who have been spotted but not caught yet; however, we anticipate the Final Victory soon and the elimination of all threat whatsoever altogether very soon. In view of all this, the City requests the cooperation of the citizens to nab the criminals. Anyone who cooperates through providing information or help in capturing the intruders in anyway will receive high rewards and honors. Anyone, however, who cooperates with the enemies against us will be counted as traitors and tried along with them.” At this moment I noticed a spark in Clever’s eyes, and he moved towards Avaritia and began whispering something to her. I began moving away silently through the crowd, and as I moved I removed the glasses that the optician had given and threw it in a corner. But by then, the whole crowd was in voracious commotion and I also saw search agents spreading all over the place. I reached near the gates and saw that it was blocked by the guards and Ira’s agents. The crowd went trampling about in mad warlike passion, and I was gripped with fear now because of Inno. I tugged her closely, and turned around to see Clever, at a distance, accompanied by two or three officers running towards me. I began to run, howling, clamoring, and wildly shouting at all, that for a moment I struck lightning and surprise in the nerves of those around. In a split I had broken through the guards, had jumped on to the road, and was fleeing through the streets, while the mad cursing crowd and angry officers chased me from behind. I ran like a torpedo, crying all along when suddenly it seemed that a mist rose in front of me clouding the ground ahead. I heard the crowd behind me halt as fading voices cautioned, “The poisonous gas…the poisonous gas!” I stopped as well, turned behind and then towards the mist. There was silence. Then, a strange thing occurred. I saw the figure of Faith on the face of the mist beckoning to us with a smile. I turned behind and saw the agents lift their guns towards me. In that moment, I turned round and hurled myself into the mist, leaving the spray of bullets all behind. I had leapt into the unknown.
Sophia
I found myself in a wet, dark, chill, lonely street. The clouds above growled in anger dropping cold perspiration down on us. 

“That was a narrow one, isn’t it?” a heard a familiar voice. I turned around and saw the little murmuring man that I had seen earlier. He now had a pleasant face and his hair was groomed well backwards. 

“Who are you?” I asked. 

“My name is Seer,” he replied. “They also call me Prophet. I’ve stayed behind to only let you know that it will not be long any hence. Your liberation draws closer. I’ve only come to prepare the way. When the One is come, then you shall see the light.” 

“What shall I do now?” I asked.

“Keep walking. Keep moving until the coming of the One and the Great Battle of the Day!” he said.

“How long… how long shall I have to wait?” I asked, but at that moment he zoomed out of sight like a TV tube switching off, without waiting to hear, leaving behind a deep and hollow darkness.

I looked right and saw a dim light at a distance. I began walking in its direction. Now, as I walked I felt that I was being followed by someone behind. So, I turned back, but I found no one. So, I strolled on. But, the sense of being followed grew greater; so, I stopped again and turned behind staring into the dark, hoping to catch some form. But, I found none.  

“What’s wrong?” Inno gently asked.

“Nothing,” I replied.

“Then why do you stop?”

“I thought there might be something behind us.”

“I can hear some sound… tap.. tap.”

“Yes, let’s go,” I replied and walked hurriedly towards the dim light ahead. But, the faster I moved, the faster did the sounds of the tapping and the footsteps increase from behind. We reached the end of the alley, crossed the road and stood there waiting for the next.

A decent looking man wearing dark glasses emerged out of the darkness. He looked harmless, yet aggressive at the same time. He walked with a lifted head, his chest thrust forward, and held a walking stick in his hand, which I surmised to be the source of the tapping sound. He walked groping for the ground; by which I discerned that he must be blind. He held an umbrella open in his other hand, which did slow his motion.

He crossed the road and came to where we were. 

“Who is he?” Inno asked.

“Oh, so there’s really someone there?” he remarked. “A sweet little one, I presume. And who is your friend there?”

“I’m her uncle, Sir… just two of us here. It does seem to be a rather very lonely road,” I answered.

“Yes, it is. All the citizens were summoned to the Gula’s Banquet, you know. She has arranged a magnificent treat for her subjects; so, they have all herded to stomach as much as they can… By the way, if you haven’t got an umbrella, please do come under mine.”

“Thanks,” I replied as we slipped under it, “Are you on way to there?”

“Yes. I just stayed back because I didn’t want anybody to feel I was dependent. Once I knew they were all gone, I started on.”

“Do you think you’d find the way?”

“No problem. My brother, Sensus will soon be here to pick me in his car. We have a program there together anyway.” He smiled. Then, turning half-way towards me, he continued, “I haven’t introduced myself. My name is Imagination or Imagino in short, and I’m a magician by profession here. The people of this district are horribly given to surfeiting; so, I recently came up with a magical invention that would cure their surfeiting by means of magical surfing. A pouch of this powder added to any dainty brings all the power of it to sublime effect; for, what kind of experience is there more magical than that of devouring, for certainly in it is the entirety of experience realized.... Ah! A man would give up any pleasure for the pleasure of the perfect bite...., the smell of sourness that makes your tongue run its water down; the sight of the hot sweet that makes you forgetful of all promises ever; the touch of delicacy with the finger, the lips, the tongue; the insatiable taste of every serve; the sound of the gulp, bite, and the crunch… Truly, eating makes the perfect man! ” I wondered that a blind man could speak like that. But, then I remembered that in the world where I had come there were some blind men who had been the best poets indeed.

As he was speaking, a car arrived and the driver, whom I instantly could recognize as his brother, called out with a large brimming smile, “Bellies for berries and berries for bellies, Imagino… Is there anything else worthwhile?” 

“Chilies for cherries and cherries for chilies, Sensus… That will make it quite worthwhile,” Imagino shouted back and they laughed together. Then, Imagino turned to me, “My brother Sensus prepares a special drink which he calls Black Berry Beer. When I add my magical powder called Chilled Chilly Cheer to it, it suddenly bursts into colors, which though I can’t see, I quite visibly know, for my vision has greater power than those who aren’t blind. You should see it when it happens. Drink that and the rest is ecstasy.”

“What kind of ecstasy? Do you know that?”

“Well,” Sensus interrupted, “It helps one see things with closed eyes, you know.”
“You mean just like in a dream?” I asked.

“What is that?” Sensus asked back, a bit puzzled.

“I mean they can see, eat, drink and enjoy things that aren’t really out there,” I mumbled.

“Well, how do you know they aren’t really out there when you really enjoy them,” Imagino countered.

“And, how do you know what you’re enjoying now is more real than what you enjoy then,” Sensus asked.

“You spend money for what you eat now; but, you perhaps don’t for the other,” I answered.

“That’s it! That’s it!” Sensus burst into laughter, growing red and pointing his finger at me. Then, he chuckled and added, “So, that’s what you call a dream, ha! But, well you do have to spend you know, for they get to eat all those things in their “dream” because they pay us for having it earlier, you see,” he raised his brow in a you-see-how-intelligent-I-am way, “It’s like pay before you eat; and we profit thereby!” He laughed again. He certainly seemed to have a remarkable sense of fun. I wondered what it meant to have a dream within a dream. So, they sell dreams, I thought.

“Are you coming with us?” Sensus asked.

“Yes, aren’t you coming with us?” Imagino joined in.

“No,” I replied, “We are in a hurry to meet someone.” I certainly wished to stay away from any more dreamy entanglements.

“Oh, you shouldn’t miss our first shot…” Imagino sighed; then, handing over the umbrella into my hands, he said, “Okay, keep this one. You’ll need this. May be, I’ll get it back from you later on…” he said, “if we meet!” He got into the car and they grunted off leaving a smoky trail behind.

The heavens above roared and burned aflame. I had forgotten that I once knew the starry sky. This City had none. There was a sparkling train of flashing lightning and a loud peal of crackling thunder. Inno clutched me hard, as I pinned myself against the wall. A blue-white spark of fire fell right in front of us, but was absorbed immediately by the lamp pole nearby. The lamp burst and fell to the ground. A dim light flickered from a cleaving between the stones in the lower side of the wall. I bent down and touched the part and was amazed to find that the whole block of stones felt as if it could be moved. I tapped the place with the umbrella and heard a hollow resound. I put Inno down and tried to remove the block. It shook a bit and then was off. A dim light lit the room inside. It seemed that this was a room without a door, walled over, with only the camouflage of a stone tiled plank as the way in and out.

Suddenly, from the other side of the road I heard the sound of someone running. There were some men shouting aloud, “That way! That way!” and I heard hasty footsteps rushing towards us. It suddenly hit me that I was probably spotted by them. Quickly, I placed Inno in and entered the room; then, turning over, I drew the tile and shut it hard. I didn’t want the light inside to spill of the gaps gathering suspicion in the dark; so, I turned off the lamp. Just then, in a thud, the tile pulled out and something crawled in pulling the tile on again in the swiftest agility. Hurried steps followed and stood out. “She was just here!” one man shouted. “Disappeared in the dark!” another cried. “Divide the search!” one called. They divided and we heard the footsteps fade away.

“Stay where you are and move not an inch!” the voice of a lady commanded us. I held Inno tightly. An orange rod glowed slowly in her hands softly lighting the room. “Don’t move,” she repeated as she crossed over and switched on the light. The room had one chair, one table, and one bed. The lady we had just now encountered looked young and strong. Her face bore the marks of intense thoughtfulness. She removed her coat and , as she hung it on the back of the chair, I noticed that she wore a blue checkered shirt and a pair of navy blue trousers. She gave a quick glance at us, then sat on the chair. The room evidently belonged to her.

“What are you both doing here?” she asked, with an air of indifference. 

“We got caught in the rain and, seeing the tile pull off and the light burn, we crept in to save our heads.”

“I see,” she noted. There was disbelief and apathy in her tone. “That was quick,” she said, “and, you already even seemed to have found some friends here. Isn’t friendliness quite incredible when showed by the blind?”

I was shocked. How did she know that I had met Imagino? Did she also know anything more? She seemed to have noticed my consternation and answered it, “The umbrella… it is not something that is usually stolen; of course, it was lent and lent by the blind Imagino, for it belongs to him. Also, you haven’t been quite drenched; so, you’ve not been long in the rain. Apart from that, I am intrigued that had to turn the lamp off.” She looked piercingly in my eyes.

“It.. it,” I was trying to reply something yet unknown when Inno interrupted: “We’re looking for my Mommy and Daddy,” she said. Some people had been trying to hurt us, so we must hide. Do you know where they are? Can you help us?”

The lady’s eyes turned to her and now I saw her face grow soft. “Come here child,” she said in a gentle voice. Inno ran towards her. “So, you’re the two escapees,” she remarked at me, though looking at Inno and smoothing her hair.

“Yes,” I mumbled hesitatingly. 

“I am Sophia, the sister of Imagino and Sensus,” she said, “and, I am an outcaste of this City. Hamartia tried to use me at first to develop schemes of words against the One. She even got Imagino and Sensus fully on her side. Imagino is now her Chief Magical Advisor and Sensus is the Palatial Pleasure Advisor of Sarx. However, when I found that what Hamartia required was something against my very self – I couldn’t do it without contradicting myself – I refused. So, she commissioned Adikia, the Commander of the Armies of Injustice, to imprison me in the Dark Island inside Superbia. Adikia was on way to arrest me, when I managed to get away from Superbia and hide here in Gula. I am one of the enemies of the State.”

“Her mother’s name is Piety, and her father’s name is Faith,” I explained about Inno.

Sophia gave a startled look. Then, looking again at Inno, she said, “I saw them when they were brought to trial. It was a mockery. There is nothing called a trial here; it is just a one-sided game. The aim is annihilation.” She knew that Inno wouldn’t understand the terms.

“Where do we find them now?” I asked.

But, she had stood up, and placing Inno down, rushed towards me, snatched the umbrella off my hands and opened it. It was quickly examined, then placed on the table. She pulled her coat on; then, motioning us to be silent made signs for us to move out. “You must be tired; take some rest!” she said. She killed the lamp and we were out on the pavement, right across the road, and dashing off. From a distance, we heard the grunts of vehicles. We stopped and looked. They were on the spot of the room we had just left. A little examination by the agents and soon the tile was ripped and officers were inside.

“Friendliness is not always the signature of a friend,” Sophia quipped as we rushed on and off the scene. The umbrella was a trap. 

We hadn’t moved more than a few meters ahead when we realized that the trap was an insidiously well managed one. The headlights of two trucks and six motorbikes suddenly appeared from a turn ahead. They were closing in at a rapid pace. We looked back and saw that the road had been blocked by the officers. I was looking at the angry sky and wondering. Suddenly, there was a clanking sound and I was pulled down along with Inno.
Stranger
Sophia had managed to rip off a sewer lid and pulled us into it. It all happened in the twinkling of an eye, and the barred lid was closed. We were curved now in a 4 feet deep gutter that had, by now, a foot of rain water gushing through. I held Inno in my lap so that she could sit straight and we kept our heads close to the lid. The light from the headlights grew near and then disappeared completely, leaving a fading trail of humdrum from the vehicles that eventually stopped. It was all dark again. I wondered that my life had all been underground. If hiding was all reality; then, the world did look like a cursed reality now. How long, I asked. What wretchedness, I thought. The sky still flashed and gurgled, spitting rain on the ground: it did look like spit on our faces looking up the barred lid above.

Sophia softly pushed the lid up and made sure that it was all fine. Then, she climbed up and pulled us back onto the road. I marveled at her agility, but was not afraid to follow her lead – she acted even before I could summon ideas for doing some proper thinking.  Her action nailed me into submission; for they always seemed to be well calculated.

We moved swiftly and found an intersection. The trucks had come from the right. I looked towards the left. “Not that way,” said Sophia, “We’ll go the way that they’ve cleared.” We moved on. We slipped into a dark street, walked through few turns of various streets and found ourselves in a market place. The weather had become dry here and the heavens above were as dark as nothingness. The walk we were on opened onto a square where there were a number of people. The number of people did gradually rise through each street that drew close to the shopping area. Intriguingly, I noticed that the lamps here had a certain green shade. It also seemed that the people here were a bit obsessed with snakes; for these creatures, in their numerous varieties, served as the ground pattern for all commodities here: shoes, suits, and snacks alike. 

Sophia slowed her pace, and I followed suit. From the distance, I could now notice that a number of policemen were stationed at the square. Two of them were approaching from in front of us. They wore dark green uniforms and had serpent badges on. “This is Invidia, the territory of Envy,” Sophia whispered. The two policemen were discussing something that seemed to be too important to them; they just passed by us without even throwing a glance. I felt relief. 

We reached the square where a statue of the Lady Invidia stood. She was seated on a coiled green viper. A plank on the serpent had these words carved:

INVIDIA
Venom of the Earth

Four lampposts stood on the four corners of the square, each bearing a serpent’s head with green light blazing from its eyes. The first was called Self-seeking; the second, Blindness; the third, Hatred; and the fourth, Rottenness. I had a severe desire to just get away from this appalling and disgustful sight. At that very moment, it seemed like the scene in front of me was torn apart like a canvas of painting, and a fiery dragon pierced through and leapt onto the middle of the square out of nowhere. Seated on it was Invidia. Her dazzling eyes spotted us and within moments we fell on the ground bound with strong twigs. I looked at Inno and saw that she was bound as well. Immediately, officers surrounded us and sprayed a green gas on our eyes. Then, everything was pitch darkness and I fell unconscious.


I thought it was rain, and then I realized that it was water being thrown on my face, and was puzzled that I hadn’t yet awakened from this dream, as it seemed. I looked up and saw that I was in some kind of a stony dungeon; some officers stood there smiling at me sarcastically. One of them looked at me with utter disgust. I looked and saw that Sophia and Inno were still tied; they were unconscious.

The disgustful looking officer pricked a baton under my cheek and asked, “Who else are with you?”

I answered nothing. My mind reeled with the nauseating stench around. The officer was disgusted. “Get that thing out!” he shouted. “Spit it out or you’ll be impaled on a pole with your friends before all eyes!” another one cried. They looked extremely violent and vulgar.

“Please leave me alone for some time,” I cried out loud. Inno and Sophia awoke with a startle. They officers looked stunned. “Let me deliberate a little; then, I’ll tell you what I wish to say.”

They looked at each other and nodded. “Think, then,” the officer said, “before your brains are spilled out!” He then moved out and the others followed suit one by one. I lowered my head in an utter sense of desperation.

“Don’t fret!” Sophia said, “It’s impossible for darkness to overcome light!”

“But, where light finds no way to enter, there darkness reigns. That is the kingdom of darkness!”

“If it were all dark, then why would I have a ray of hope?”

I found no answer. I felt just confused. I could think of no way out. For the first time I felt that evil had triumphed over man through the venomous sting of envy. At that instant, the only dim lights that lit our dungeon sizzled off and died, and it was all pitch dark. Inno cried with fear. “Don’t be afraid!” Sophia tried to strengthen her. I moved in every way possible to break off the strands; but they held me tight. I struggled and I felt Sophia struggling too. Suddenly, it seemed that somebody stood close to me.  

“Who is it?” I cried.

There was pin drop silence. I could hear the panting of Sophia and the cries of Inno.

“Tell me, again, who is it?” I cried out.

There was again a deep silence. Then, something touched my strands and they broke off loose. The next instant, I sensed Sophia and Inno stand on their feet too.
“Run away!” a voice calmly said, “I’ve come to take your place.”

“Who is it?” I asked groping around with my hands. 

“Get away from here and do not worry about my name; for, in a little while you shall see me again!”

“No, tell me your name?”

“They call me Stranger here. That’s all you need to know for the moment. Now, run!”

“Where do you live?”

“I have no home here.”

“What do you do?”

“Ask the ground beneath your feet what it does,
Ask the firmament above your head what it does,
Ask the daystar that fills the world with energy what it does,
(Now hidden from your view; yet, not annulled)
Ask the heart that beats within your breast what it does,
Ask the cold rain pouring from the fiery sky what it does;
Who has appointed it? What office does it hold?
Is it paid from the treasures of Hamartia?
Or does Sarx marshal it like he does the forces of wild Desire?
Then you shall know that my office is not from below; 
Neither am I esteemed by this estranged world of woes.
Sin finds nothing in me, nothing worthwhile but profuse enmity!
Do not ask any further; for this is not the time to ask and answer;
Run! Run away from here! Stop not to look back,
Turn neither to the left nor to the right! Just run, run away from here!”

“Where to?”

“Just run away! Away now!” he cried and his voice struck us like an electricity; in an instant we were jolted out of the dungeon and landed on a street. 

The street was very dimly lit and littered with all kinds of refuse. There was a far heavier stench here than ever that we had to cover our olfactory senses. The houses were all dilapidated and on the verge of crumbling. People walked clumsily on the road; most just sat idle on the ground. A giant tower loomed at a little distance and upon it were inscribed the words,

BABEL
Easy Come Easy Go

We three stood there marveling with our mouths parted wide. The walls of this part of the City, including the tower, were made of stones and resembled the back of a tortoise shell.

“This is Acedia, the province of Sloth,” muttered Sophia. 

“What did Stranger mean when he said that he had come to take our place?” I asked.

“I don’t know. But, one thing I know: he had come to save us.”

“I hope Stranger is safe,” Inno spoke with a deep pity in her voice. I took her in my arms.

“Yes, he’ll be safe dear,” I said, “If he knew how to get in, he sure knows how to get out as well.”

But, who was this Stranger after all, I wondered to myself. Deep inside I had an assurance. Providence had not failed us one more time.

“If you promise to share with me some, I’ll show you the best liquor shop just a little away,” someone suggested from behind. I was about to turn back, but Sophia gripped my hand.
Sloth
“Walk!” she commanded, “and never look back!”

I thought this was crazy. But, I followed.

“Hey you, where are you running away?” the drunken voice continued to call.

“Faster, faster!” Sophia called.

The dust from the ground swirled up and filled the air as we paced on. We coughed as we walked. The drunken man had begun singing:

“Why do you run beating dust in the air?
Why do you hurry as if the world needs your care?
Hey, the world’s on its own, buddy;
You ain’t gonna make it any inch better!
Come, enjoy some rum, be a good bum;
Let’s gulp some spirit and get into the gutter!”

We had already moved around the corner as his voice began to die away, and were moving ever quickly on. This street looked even more disordered with dusty cloths, paper, and dead leaves strewn everywhere. The dust in the air was congesting my nose as I sneezed. “Stop a little!” I implored Sophia as I halted behind. She walked a few steps ahead; then, whirled back and coming up to me took Inno from me saying, “Give her to me! We can’t afford to stop here. This is the doorway of Death!”

“Do we need to be moving so fast?” I argued. “Where are we going anyway?”

“Don’t ask questions, now! Just follow!” was the only explanation she gave; then, she turned and began walking away again.

“Won’t a slower pace get us out the same?” I cried as I sneezed and coughed. She had already disappeared far ahead. “Haven’t you learnt that the slow and steady win the race?” I shouted.

“Yes, it does if there are unsteady hares in the race; at the moment, the quick and steady win the race!”

A strong hot gale now drew in from somewhere spinning whirls of dust in the dim street and blurring sight altogether. A gust of dust filled my nostrils and I sneezed profusely. I saw a door and pounded on it hard. The door instantly unlocked and I jumped in locking it behind. For a moment I stood there all silent with my eyes closed and my lungs trying to clear up and inhale some dustless air. 

“Come over here!” someone called and I opened my eyes. The room was some kind of a messed up, murky pub; and, it smelt of strong liquor. Drunks were strewn here and there all over the place, some lying on benches, some lying on the floor. “What kind do you want?” I heard the voice again and turned to a man behind a desk. He seemed to be the bartender. 

“Oh nothing, I’m sorry, I’m leaving,” I replied. He looked curious. A strong hand pushed me from behind towards the desk. A hand yanked off the purse that Piety had given me and handed it over to the bartender. He grinned. I felt powerless. The bartender drew a bottle of liquor and poured it into a glass placed before me. “Drink,” he said, “and forget your malady!” I rose up to leave. 

“Give me back my money!” I demanded.

“Your money?” he asked sarcastically. Then he slapped the purse on the desk and looking threateningly in my eyes grunted, “Go away!” 

I grabbed the purse and got up. At that moment, the heavy and tall man pushed me down. I got up again, but he pushed me back down. “Well done, Torpor!” the bartender cried, “Let’s see how he can get away!” I rose up again and was felled. I now felt listless and haziness settled on my eyelids. Yet, I knew that I must get out of here. “This is the doorway of Death!” I remembered Sophia had said. “Where were they now?” I thought to myself. I tried to rise again and saw the heavy hand descend. At that instant, my hands gripped the pendant and pierced his hands. He shrunk back with a cry of pain. I jumped up and darted out of the room with such a loud cry that would have rocked their stupors down.

Outside, the dusty winds were more severe, but I didn’t linger. I rushed. I ran. I slipped at one place; but, I flung myself up and ran. To my astonishment and horror, Sophia and Inno had disappeared. I cried out in desperation and searched like a mad man. But, I found them nowhere. I began to sweat profusely, and then I realized that the rags inside bit my flesh hard. I decided to run faster and so ran deriding the wind and despising the pain. I coughed and sneezed but I ran. Finally, I reached an intersection. On the other side was the Market. I crossed over and entered in. I sat on a bench, put my head in my hands, and wept bitterly. Then, I remembered the scroll, and instantly pulled it out. “To Superbia” were the only words written on it. At that moment, a bus pulled by. “To Superbia, To Superbia!” a man announced. I got into it.

A seat on the front was empty, so I went and sat on it. My eyes were red with tears. I deeply regretted my foolish whimsical action that had led me to this state of desperation. A grizzly old man came and sat by my side.

“Coming from Acedia?” he inquired.

“Yes, the dust is great there,” I mused.

“Yes, it is,” he nodded. 

I turned away and looked out of the window. The bustling Market showed no signs of being unusual or abnormal. Everything seemed to be in place.

“Can’t understand how these trouble-makers get in,” the grizzly man continued, “but, it’s interesting to know that the Chief of them has been caught and will be executed soon. Are you also going to the Amphitheatre to see the trial?”

“What trial are you talking about?”

“Come on, you can’t be ignoramus! Don’t you know that the most wanted Stranger has been captured and, following the trial, will be handed over to Thanatos? He was actually captured in Invidia.”

I was shocked. “When did that happen? How was he captured?” I asked.

“They had been hunting for him for very long now. Invidia captured him when he seemed to have ventured into her Square. A little bash-thrash in her dungeon and the Arch-Enemy was unmasked, humiliated, and uncovered.”

I became speechless and a dark gloom settled on my face. He looked at me and laughed. “You really can make a face,” he said, “You won’t need a mask at Superbia, I guess.” He laughed again. I didn’t understand what he meant. The bus stopped at the beginning of an intersection. The man stood up. “I must get down here to finish some work,” he explained, “Guess we’ll meet at the theatre; but, I don’t think we’ll recognize each other (he chuckled); my mask is the best camouflage in the City ever.” He briskly got away.

I sat there stunned and confused. As passengers were getting into the bus, I put my face in my hands and wished that the world just blacked out. Someone came and sat on the seat beside. I didn’t care to look—now, I could bear company no more; but, I had no place to escape and be alone. Then, I felt a little hand on my shoulder. I turned to look and saw that it was Inno. She was smiling at me from the lap of Sophia. Tears filled my eyes.
Superbia
We reached Superbia. The streets were flooded with people wearing masks of different forms. Yet, the masks on the faces of the people were usually not very dissimilar, and it seemed as if we were bumping into the same person again and again. It was not possible to recognize the true person behind the mask, at all, and we marveled that we knew no one. We were all here nobodies to each other, and the only reality, at hand, were the masks; the only relations, self-interest.

It appeared that there were two orders of patrollers here. One wore a dark purplish uniform and had the symbol of skull and bones embroidered on their arms. Underneath the skull was the word “Fear”. The other wore a light purplish uniform and had the symbol of figs and needles embroidered on their arms. Underneath the figs and needles was the word “Shame”. All of them wore masks.

A siren howled and the crowd began moving in the direction of the Center. The darkness seemed to get thicker as we drew closer towards the place. But, there were stronger lights, increasingly in number, that attempted to cast light despite being mockingly blocked by a strange perpetual fog, which I heard some people calling Vanity here. We reached the Center, entered the Court, and groped through to find an empty seat. A clownish mask on my right stared as if incredulously at my face. His look made me feel guilty of not wearing the mask. I drew the hood over my head. But, Sophia was unperplexed; so was Inno.

The Court was an open stadium lit by scores of strong flood lights. The huge space in the center looked like a place for various events including sports of different kinds. On the view opposite us was an elevated section, obviously reserved for the dignitaries. The place was filled with shouts, whistles, and chattering noises. Just then a loud trumpet call sounded and the stadium dropped to silence. An officer announced the arrival of the Queen, the King, and the Lady Superbia and commanded the crowd to rise. Hamartia entered hand in hand with Sarx. They were followed by Superbia and her entourage. As they took their seats, a trumpet sounded an arpeggio and the officer signaled the crowd to be seated. He then annunciated with a loud voice: “Your Excellency, the Queen, and Your Highness, the King, under the auspices of our Lady Superbia, we present before you the First Marvel: the Incredible Logician!” 

A man with flowing white hair appeared in the center of the ground. The crowd was filled with applause. He bowed to the dignitaries and waved his hand at the crowed. The crowd cheered even crazily. He then pulled a wand out of nowhere and waved it in a L shape once; suddenly there was a burst of sparks and the whole stadium turned dark with only a soft spotlight drawing our eyes centerstage to where Logician was.

“Ladies and gentlemen,” he announced, “It has been erstwhile believed that we are all very different from each other and that there is something that is even wholly other than each of us here. Let me demonstrate to you that this is false, and that the reality is that we are one with each other, one with this City, and one with the King and the Queen; and that there is nothing else apart from the oneness that we are.”

The crowd cheered again. Logician then stuck his wand back into his holster and raised both of his arms, with palms turned outwards, as if to stop something approaching him from both sides. Suddenly, two huge blocks of cuboid boulders appeared on each side and began pressing at him. The crowd watched with bated breath. A few cried, “He’s going to be crushed! Oh no!” Then, a wonder occurred. As the boulders began smashing him in, Logician began to shrink between them. In a flip of moments the boulders smashed into each other with a loud thud and Logician disappeared. “Where’s he gone?” someone cried. “He’s obliterated!” someone else whispered with pain in his voice. Suddenly, the boulders shook, and then steadily moved away from each other as a tiny figure of Logician grew between then and resumed to its original shame. The stadium was filled with applause and shouts of joy.

Logician dropped his hands and the boulders disappeared. He then pulled out his wand again and summoned the fastest runner in the stadium. A tall youth ran towards him. A thin runners’ track was lit on the ground. Logician waved his wand and a tortoise appeared on the track, which immediately started to move forward. The youth laughed at it. A man sitting below laughed, “So, a race with a tortoise; he should have beckoned me!” Logician now motioned the youth to run; but, the youth derisively just walked. Then, a wonder occurred. Every time the youth reached to a point which the tortoise had reached earlier, he discovered that the tortoise had inevitably already left that point before he reached it and had moved forward; in that way the tortoise was always at an advantage of a place ahead of the youth. Now, the youth began to feel frustrated at this and began to run; but no matter how hard he tried, every time he reached a point that the tortoise had crossed, the tortoise was always ahead of him. The youth lost the race. The crowd was spellbound. Logician announced: “Ladies and gentlemen, this looks incredible to you, but this is what reality is all about. All divisions, additions, subtractions, and multiplications will disappear the moment we realize that they are only superficial. Fundamentally, everything is one.” Saying that he bowed, and the crowd went crazy with applause.

The stadium then darkened and lit up again. Logician was now gone. The officer then announced again: “Your Excellency, the Queen, and Your Highness, the King, under the auspices of our Lady Superbia, we present before you the Second Marvel: Drunken Master!”

At that moment there was an inundation of the sounds of drums and percussions, timbrels, and the sounds of anklets on dancing feet. Then, there was a burst like a deep thunder coupled with a crashing electric bolt and it was, suddenly, all still. A tall youth, with a flowing black beard and a loose robe with sleeves falling all over stood at the center. He had a turban on his head and wore gold and diamonds on his neck and wrists. There was a deep drunkenness in his eyes and he stood rather unsteadily. In his drunken stupor, he cried: “Nonsense Logician! Away with your nonsense! I’ll show you a better way to be one. Just efface your consciousness with the ebriety of the deep and then watch the world fall to your feet!”

Suddenly, horsemen appeared with drawn swords and spears in hand. They rushed towards Drunken Master. As the first rider darted towards him, the Master swayed like a piece of falling garment; then, revamped, dexterously slipped his hands around the wrists of the rider and pulled him off the horse. He then swirled around and jumped behind another rider and took command of the horse. Spears were hurled and were deftly caught in his hands and flung back sending the riders back to their stables. Then, an amazing thing occurred. Drunken Master stood upon the horse as it galloped in the heat of its pace. He remained motionless and poised as the horse sniffed, snorted, and swallowed the wind. Then, he spread his arms and the horse came to a halt. He alighted and stepped to the center. “Ladies and gentlemen,” he said, “I have demonstrated before you a very simple principle: Reel to keep your heel!” He then went forward, bowed to the dignitaries, and left the stadium. The crowd cheered uncontrollably. 
 
Presently, a dark figure appeared beside Hamartia. It was fully masked with pitch darkness hidden under the black hood drawn over its head. “Look into the scroll,” whispered Sophia.  I took it out and unrolled it. There were only three words carved with a death-like form: “Mystery of Iniquity”. Then the words faded like falling leaves and these words emerged: “To put an end to Sin!”

The officer announced again: “Your Excellency, the Queen, and Your Highness, the King, under the auspices of our Lady Superbia, we present before you the Third and the Final Marvel: Stranger!”

The sky growled, flashing red tributaries; it seemed as if its eyes were all fire. There was a stir among the crowd, but they all calmed as they saw Superbia moving towards the podium. She elegantly ascended and authoritatively waved her hand; the crowd slumped on their chairs and there was pin drop silence. 

“Let the sky spit fire and brimstone; let its volcanoes grind, ignite, and turn to ashes; Sin shall reign though the heavens roll away, and we’ll invade the stormy sky!” So saying she clenched her fist against the sky and the crowd rose up in applause, shrieking “Hail Hamartia! Hail Sarx! Hail Superbia! You have power over the sky and the land!” Superbia waved her hand again and the crowed fell to silence. Then she made a signal and the drums beat heavily as the lights began to move towards a rostrum in front of the stage. They halted on a man who wore a bloodstained purple coat on his body. He seemed to have been badly beaten as there were bruises on his face and blood stains on his shirt. He stood with his head bowed. Inno closed her eyes and hid her face in Sophia’s bosom. It wasn’t easy to congeal tears. I turned aside and found a mask on an empty seat. I grabbed it and put it on my face; then sobbed. At that moment the cheers increased; so, I looked and saw that the other six Governesses of the City had also now arrived and were seated on their seats on the stage.

An announcer announced “Behold the Man!” to which the crowd cried, “Stranger, Stranger!”

“Citizens, listen!” Superbia began, “Our vigilance has finally overcome the enemy and taken him by surprise. We now have our Archenemy, Stranger in our hands. You all now stand both witness and jury to this trial. The Queen herself shall preside over this judgment, in the presence of all the Governesses; the verdict of the people shall be final. May we rise in honor of Her Highness, the Queen Hamartia!”

The crowd rose cheeringly and clapped their hands in mad applause for so long that our ears rang. Then, Hamartia, seated on her seat, raised her finger and the crowd dropped to silence. “Let the trial begin!” she ordered.
The Trial
“Away with him, away with him!” the crowd cried.

“What mockery! Shall we not even have a trial?” Sin cried.

“Away with the enemy, away with him! This is our verdict!” the crowd cried.

Sin signaled and a loud cymbal clanged. The crowd paused. 

“The verdict shall follow the trial!” she declared. “Our Archenemy shall be rightly denounced, and the judgment sealed by our seven governesses. It’s our turn now, and of the power of darkness. May Shadows prevail and may Magic and Sorcery obscure Reality; may the minds of men fail, and may Feelings and Fantasy enhance sweet Vanity! Let’s hurry on while the mouse is hooked to the trap! Let darkness prevail forever!”

The crowd chanted: “Hail Skotos! Hail Hamartia!”

A dark eagle flew and perched on a pole overlooking the stage.

The cymbal clanged again and a voice cried out, “The Court of Her Highness Hamartia summons before the jury the first witness, the Lady Luxuria, for hearing!”

“Our Sweet Governess Luxuria!” a number of people cried out and sighed. A few young men fainted down as Luxuria stepped forward and the lights spot lit on her.

“You can now testify!” said Hamartia.

Luxuria smiled, bowed, and began:

“By the power of Your Highness, your servant rules over the hearts of the young and old. My scepter prevails over their secret places, and nothing is left untouched, nothing unturned. By me are men made fearless to work or to war. By me is their innermost being kindled to worship and adore. My charm of Sensuality is the antidote to Suffering. I could exterminate Suffering forever; except it were for this Stranger. For, he called himself by the name of Light and roved our streets attempting to stir up insurrection against me and my Council. He called upon my people to shun me and spurn my scepter. He called me a deceiver and called on my people watch against me and to turn to his narrow way. Of course, he hasn’t prevailed; for, the people, most of them, could see the emptiness of his appeals. And those of them that went after him for a while soon gave up and returned back to me. Yet, he doesn’t give up his denunciation of me and my rulership. And by doing that he has spurned your authority, Your Highness, and so deserves extermination forever. For why should one who stands opposed to our Kingdom be allowed to go on in his opposition when we have the opportunity to stop him?”

“Do you have anything to say, Stranger?” Sin mockingly asked.

Stranger remained silent.

“Governess Luxuria finds nothing in Stranger that promises hope of subjection. He is a total opposite. Next!”

The cymbal clanged and the voice cried out, “The Court of Her Highness Hamartia summons before the jury the second witness, the Lady Ira, for hearing!”

The crowd sat was silent. Doubtlessly, there was much fear of the fury of this Governess. Ira stepped forward as the spotlight shifted to her.

“You may testify now!” Hamartia said.

Ira looked at the blazing sky with her fiery eyes, then turned to Stranger and cried making wide gestures: “May the flames of Inferno burn with hotter infuriation! May fiery hail descend with utmost indignation! Let every fire that could ever be kindled bundle in now to make the sharpest flame to tear down his body and wipe out his name!” She paused and panted. “Why should I even accuse Stranger? Is he worthy of an accusation? Is he any threat to me? Yet for the sake of this trial, that our Majesty’s will might be accomplished, I testify against him! Why doesn’t someone give him a mask too? We know his other names very well. Hasn’t he masqueraded through our territory calling himself Meek and Gentle? But, I say he is Weak and Brittle. See how despicable he looks with his head sunk on his chest. He is the same one. He is our Archenemy, He is Stranger!”

“Yes he is, yes he is!” the crowd began to shout. Ira smiled and returned to her seat.

“Next!” Sin called.

The cymbal clanged and the voice cried out, “The Court of Her Highness Hamartia summons before the jury the third witness, the Lady Avaritia, for hearing!”

Lady Avaritia stepped forward in her golden apparel. She looked despisingly at Stranger and commenced at Hamartia’s behest,

“He came to my district in the garb of a merchant, a businessman. He said he was searching for the Pearl of Great Price.” She laughed. “He said he was willing to pay anything for it. Well, of course, this raised a big concern in our markets and the demand curve did suffer as merchants shifted to treasure hunting. Mad they all became. It could have drowned us all if I hadn’t intercepted and aroused our citizens to focus on things of immediate interest, on things that can be touched and transformed into gold and silver now. Because even if there was something called the Pearl of Great Price, it certainly wasn’t worth selling all one’s possession and buying it in. For, that would jam the wheels of our economy and bring the market to a standstill. And, then what would one do with such Pearl? Trade it for anything else? What else could one trade it for? The very idea of such a thing is a threat. Hadn’t we commissioned Robbery and Inflation to arrest him? But, he somehow disappeared into nowhere – into now here [She smirked]. It’s wonderful to watch him in chains. Citizens of Avaritia, look now at the misery of this merchant who came to our Province calling himself Generous! What does he have that he could even claim to buy anything of us? We find nothing of any value in him. Generous, won’t you like to strike a bargain and save yourself? See, he cannot bargain for his own face, how could he have deceived you about the Pearl of Great Price! Away with him!”

“Away with him! Away with him!” cried the crowd.

“Okay, next!” roared Hamartia.

The cymbal clanged and the voice cried out, “The Court of Her Highness Hamartia summons before the jury the fourth witness, the Lady Gula, for hearing!”

A large and stout lady stepped forward. It seemed that the spotlight was too insufficient for her.

“What do you have to say against this man?” Hamartia asked.

“Not very much,” she replied. “I only wish this trial will soon be over; for we have a real good banquet after this.” Her lips seemed to almost drip with saliva. “This fellow here looks quite tasteless and a worm in the fantasies of daintiness. It is better we soon finish off with him and return to the delicacies of our new Black Berry Beer and Chilled Chilly Cheer. Okay, as for this man here; he had almost disrupted one of our banquets; for he stood in the Square and began calling to people saying, “Ho, come to me you who are hungry and thirsty and I will give you the Bread of Life and the Water of Life so that you will never hunger or thirst anymore!” Many of them went to him; and when they asked him where the Bread of Life and the Water of Life was, he said, “I am the Bread of Life and my Blood is drink indeed!” [She laughed]. So, they all turned away from him. But he still called saying, “Do not labor for Gula’s table! Turn away from her!” So, our officers ran after him. But, he disappeared. I don’t think he is good for anything. Is he even a strong enemy? Let him starve!” She turned away and returned.

“Next!” Hamartia called.

The cymbal clanged and the voice cried out, “The Court of Her Highness Hamartia summons before the jury the fifth witness, the Lady Invidia, for hearing!”

Invidia stepped forward and began immediately, “Your Highness, Stranger might not be strong, but he is dangerous. Every option against your sovereignty is a danger – not to you, Your Majesty, but to the people of this City. He presents an alternative and calls it the only true one. He calls himself the Way, the Truth, and the Life and promises that he’ll deliver people from the power of this City of Magic and take them all to his illusory city. Our people aren’t gullible; and he isn’t convincing enough with his talks; but, he is persistent and resistant. He says that the realities of this City of Magic are no match to the realities of his own city. He even tried to demonstrate it by making a fig tree wither by just saying a word; and some people joined the rebellion and are spreading the persuasion that his talks cannot be empty because his words have power that Magic can’t prevent…”

“This is enough!” Sarx roared “Let’s invoke Thanatos and see if his powers can really cross the one who surrounds this City and is heir to all that is!”

“Our Prince shall be invoked” interrupted Hamartia, “but not before we’ve heard from everyone. You can continue on, Invidia!”

“Our forces were after some intruders whom we caught and imprisoned. But, when they went to get them for the trial; behold, it was Stranger. We weren’t sure what had happened; but, we are very much sure that the enemy had walked himself into the hole; and, we must strike the iron while it is hot.”

“What has happened to the others is a matter of secondary concern; perhaps, he got himself in when he got them out. Whatever, Magic has given him into our hands and the destiny of the others will be sealed with him.” Sin looked straight at me now and it felt as if her eyes burnt into my soul. She continued as if singing to a sarcastic tune, “Magic has drawn one in, Magic has drawn in another; both had to perish one way or the other.” She turned her eyes at Stranger and then called, “Next!”

Invidia receded. The cymbal clanged and the voice cried out, “The Court of Her Highness Hamartia summons before the jury the sixth witness, the Lady Acedia, for hearing!”

Lady Acedia walked clumsily forward and stared irritatedly at Stranger. “Not very much that I would like to say here: words are precious, so I’ll keep them few. I’m not sure how great a threat he is; because, the rumors have only been that he is quite nonsensical and absurd in his statements. It is said that he calls out to people promising them rest, and then says that they should be yoked together with him and plough the field. That makes no sense either to me or to my people. I suggest that he’s crazy and that we just banish him away…. But, in case, he might return again with more thorny absurdities; it would be even better to just blot him out!”

She was quick to retreat. Sin smiled. “Next!” she called.

The cymbal clanged and the voice cried out, “The Court of Her Highness Hamartia summons before the jury the final witness, the Lady Superbia, for hearing!”

The crowd cheered with a heavy applause that lingered on for quite a while. Superbia stepped forward. Some people in the crowd began to grow hysterical. Some women and men fainted. The cymbal clanged again, and then there was pin drop silence. Superbia spoke,

“We want our citizens to be pillars and building blocks of this City. They can only be that when they know who they are and are confident about themselves. My throne lies in this Central Province and I protect the heart of this City. Our Province has been appointed to host the Royal Palace of Queen Hamartia and King Sarx. [There was a hoot of applause from the crowd.] Those who rise against our City are rightly punished here and thrown into the Dungeon of Sarx or transported to the Land of Thanatos. We know of the great revolt that Religare once initiated. Now, he and his friends are in chains to serve as we desire. There are a few more loitering somewhere around; all of whom continue to derive strength and vision from some mysterious influence that Stranger wields over their hearts. This has been proven by a number of investigations that our scholars have made. Some of the rebels have awaken and returned; now totally astonished that they were at all taken by the deception of what he calls the Way. He teaches that the Wheat must fall to the ground before it can be fruitful and calls the people to follow the Path of Sacrifice, another of his names. Some of our people asked “What about Superbia?” He said “Deny her or she’ll destroy you!” [She put her hand on the hilt of her sword] May Your Majesty only give me permission and I’ll prove whether denial and destruction don’t go together.”

At the moment, Sarx and Sin and all the officials stood up. The eyes of Sin blazed with fire. “We’ve heard it all!” she cried. “Yes, we’ve heard it, we’ve heard it!” the crowd resonated. Sin motioned and the great bronze bell clanged. The crowd shushed. “What shall we do to Stranger?” Sin roared. “Away with him, away with him,” the crowd shouted, “Tie him to the pole, bring him down!” they all clamored. I shuddered. The great bronze bell clanged again effecting an immediate silence. “Listen to our verdict then,” she said, “Stranger, you have been weighed and measured in the Balances of Sarx and the counts of our Governesses are heavier against you. We pronounce you guilty of violating the Rules of this City, guilty of conspiracy against this City, and guilty of instigating a rebellion against the Principalities. You have declared war against the state and justly deserve punishment. I, Hamartia, the Empress of the Seven Provinces, will now by myself deliver you into the hands of Thanatos.” So saying, she moved forward and extended her hands. A bow and arrow were brought and Sarx placed them in Hamartia’s hands. A bowl was brought before her. “That’s the Venom of Thanatos!” someone muttered. Sin dipped the tip of the arrow in it, fit the arrow in her bow, and lifted it up. The seven governesses stood on either side of Sin, four on the right side, and three on the left, beside Sarx. The guards tied Stranger to a pole and quickly abandoned. A great part of the crowd seated behind him evacuated their seats. The crowd stood up. “What’s happening?” Inno asked as we stood up too. “Close your eyes, Inno!” Sophia said almost choking. My heart thumped faster and I felt the tears begin to fog my sight. The crowd waited with baited breath. Stranger looked straight into Hamartia’s eyes. A tall dark shadow appeared on the left side of Stranger. The crowd whispered, “Thanatos!” and shushed each other. 

Just then a lightning figure erupted at the right hand of Stranger. It was equally as tall as Thanatos. “Do you really want to do this?” the voice questioned Hamartia, “Will Sin strike Love? Aren’t he and I one?” I recognized the voice. It was the voice of Law. I also noticed that he held a book. It was the red book that he had given me, which I had lost. My heart pounded faster. “What’s happening? Who’s this?” the crowd cried out. Law exploded like a cracker and then dissolved into the body of Stranger. “The Code of the Universe!” Sophia exclaimed. I saw astonishment in her eyes. I turned at the Court. There was hatred in the eyes of Sin. She pulled the string. “Into your hands, Thanatos,” she exclaimed and let go off the arrow. I cried, “No!” and jumped out running towards the center. But, I knew it would be too late. The flying arrow struck Stranger in his heart. The world halted, and then there was a quake. Then there was a bright light that exploded from the body of Stranger. And, as his body began to rip apart, beginning from there I saw that the Court began to fall apart into several pieces. The City of Magic began to tear away like an old, withering, scenery poster crumbling down all over giving way to the light that oozed out from the Stranger’s body. The light shot to tremendous brilliance and then struck my body like the softest lance piercing through me in an out. This takes time to write but all this happened within a wink of the eye. In an instant I sensed all my garments ripped apart as the bright light enveloped me all over; the rags vanished like fuming powder beaten into thin air. The light was so strong that I couldn’t even see myself anymore. Then there was a light boom (such as the one that occurs without any sound) and I covered my eyes.

“It is finished!” a voice thundered all over the place. 


