Prologue

...stream of maroon liquid puddled beneath the dead man, having rushed from the cluster of gunshot wounds that had torn into his torso.  It spread out beneath like red wings, slightly circular, slightly dried.  The blood reeked of death and murder, like the smell of thick copper and lingering gun powder.  
	Once again the dream woke Scott violently from sleep, causing him to jerk to a sitting position.  Looking around his quiet bedroom, at how darkness was taking over the space, he quickly realized that the day was being replaced by a newly formed night.  He must have been asleep for a few hours, which was much needed after several nights of restless tossing and turning, always at the edge of sleep only to be jerked back to consciousness by the images of the lying, bleeding, dying man.
	He barely remembered dozing off, having skipped class.  He could not focus on any lecture or note taking.   Lack of sleep could make reality seem like fiction.  As if he could reach out far and long, but never touch anything solid, because everything around him was simply lights and colors. His mind was nothing more than a blob of sleep deprivation and paranoia.  And visions of death.
	Sitting fully up, Scott put his feet on the cold wooden floor. Moving his right hand to his head, he ran it through his sandy blonde hair.  Pools of moisture broke and dribbled from his armpits and his neck.   Rubbing his eyes, he tried to clear his head, wipe away the face of the dead man.  The gaping mouth.  The speck of dried vomit at the corner of it.  	
	It was grotesque.  
	It was horrid.
	Standing, he went over to the nearby window.  Prying upward, Scott opened the window and shivered at the instant breeze of chilled air that brushed against him.  Even though the air seemed to hold frost and he normally didn't like the cold, it felt good against his hot skin.  Spring had barely begun and the nights were still frigid.  Ohio seemed to hang on to winter like a child tries to hang on to its favorite toy, clutching it for as long as possible.
	Staring out the window, Scott watched automobiles as they passed on the street below him.  They were students or workers, coming and going.  Johnston Street was never overly busy, but the traffic remained steady throughout most of the day and into the early night.
	Scott lived in an apartment complex, King Tower, which sat a little over a mile from Youngstown State University. The complex was in a good location for him.  It was close enough to catch the buses, but far enough to be considered off-campus, which held a strange type of prestige, for whatever reason.  The apartment building was tall and wide, containing many apartments, from efficiency to two bedrooms.  The rent was cheap, which was perfect for Scott, who survived on his basketball scholarship along with whatever part-time jobs he could manage, ranging from McDonald’s to construction work.  
 Putting his burning forehead against the cool window glass, he felt his eyelids falling shut.
	A single bullet had penetrated the man's skull, creating a bloody halo beneath his head, an off-circle of blood speckled with gray matter that had been blown out the back of the skull.  The brain particles had mixed with the blood, creating pale spots against the maroon, like a twisted abstract painting, titled A Dead Man Thinking.
	Scott jerked from the window.  For brief second he thought about putting head through the glass.  The images and dreams were torturing him, flashing before him while asleep and awake, like some macabre dance.  But it was more than just delusions.  Or were they?  Scott found himself confused and desperate.  Was he going crazy?	
He thought about turning his phone back on and calling his father one more time. But he knew that it was too late for his old man’s help.  He didn’t comprehend what was happening or why but whatever power he had been using to fight the urge dripped its last drop.  No more will power remained.  Something had taken place and he needed to trust it.  He gave in.  Finally.  He closed his eyes one last time and let it flow into him.
The hand that held the pistol was pale and shaky.  A finger flexed and the pistol fired a final bullet, tearing into the flesh of the man, who was already dead.  Dropping the gun next to the body, the murderer vomited, disgusted by his own actions.  Once his stomach was purged of bile, he fled.
	Opening his eyes, Scott went to his dresser and opened the first drawer.  But before he reached into it, he stopped to think.  The YPD, led by Oscar Harrison, an old family friend would pursue him.  They would be single minded, never giving the truth a chance to come to the surface, because the truth was beyond their understanding.  Scott didn't fully understand it himself.
	Not his father, though, he knew.  Someway, his father would be involved.  And his father always looked in needed directions, wherever the facts and clues led him.  Thinking it over, Scott knew that he would have to leave clues for his father, ones that would grab his dad's attention.  If his father were the first to get his hands on the clues, he would most likely dictate where they led him, and possibly Oscar Harrison would follow his lead.  
	His father would be driven.  Scott remembered how his father looked when he was putting a puzzle together.  It was scary.  He knew that drive all too well.  The good and the bad.  Quickly, he forced the creeping memory away.  It was too painful.
	Taking a few minutes, Scott positioned the clues.  Once the clues were placed, he slipped on a pair of sneakers and his YSU leather jacket, and then returned to his dresser and the open top drawer.  Reaching back inside he pulled out a silver handgun, one he had bought nearly a week before, a few days after the dead man began to taunt him.  It was a small Ruger SP101, .32 H&R Magnum, and it had been only for protection.  But that had changed.
	Scott was never one for guns, preferring to setting arguments with a fist instead of a bullet.  He was always amazed at the weight of the gun.  In movies and on television, the good and bad guys always toted them around with ease, as if they were lighter than air.  The real thing was far from dainty or delicate.  The weapon was a solid, heavy, dangerous piece of steel, made for only one purpose.  Everything after the pull of the trigger was final.  And he didn't need to check the chamber.  He knew the gun was loaded, he had loaded it himself.
	Turning to his bed, Scott yanked off the thin white sheet.  After draping the sheet over his left shoulder, he went over to the bedroom door.   It was thick and sturdy and locked by 2 large black sliding locks.  They had been assembled recently, locked in place with thick screws that were planted deep into the wood of the door.   
	 The first lock on the door slid quietly, while the dead bolt made a minor squeak.  Scott turned the door handle and pulled cautiously.   He was met by a dark hallway, short and narrow. On the other side of the hall was Owen's door, opened a crack.  The crack was large enough for Scott to peak through.  His roommate's sleeping form could be seen, sprawled half-cocked on his bed, on his stomach, one leg dangling limply over the side.
	  Stepping out into the hallway, Scott immediately and swiftly took the following steps that would take him over and into Owen's room.  The only light came from the flickers from the television.  The only sounds were Owen's snores, Scott's short breaths, and the erotic video playing on the television.  The only smell, which lingered thick in the air, was the stink of weed, which resembled skunk piss.
	 The hand that held the pistol was pale and shaky.
	Scott's hands were neither pale nor shaky.  Using his free hand, he pulled the sheet up and over his head, letting it hang down to cover the front of him.  The sheet was thin enough that he could still see, even in the dimly lit room.  He could fully make out his roommate.  Taking another set of steps, he approached Owen's passed out form.  He put the pistol forward, but kept it underneath the sheet.  Leaning over Owen, Scott put the barrel of the gun to his roommate's skull.  
	 A finger flexed and the pistol fired...
	Scott's finger didn't flex, it twitched, sending a bullet exploding into the head of Owen.  Wet fragments flew up into the air and against the sheet.  
	 ...murderer vomited...
	Scott didn't vomit.  He dropped the sheet.  Leaving evidence wouldn't be an issue.  Turning from the dead body, he fled the apartment.  He felt himself relaxing, even though he had committed a violent crime.
	It was self-defense.  
	But who would believe it?
	
	
PART ONE
“One cannot properly appreciate the human realities so long as one labors under the adolescent delusion that people get the fates they deserve.”
--Nicholas Rescher


Chapter 1

Ashe Walters' grip tightened a little more on his cell phone as his call once again went to voice mail.  He let out a stiff breath and listened again to his son politely and casually explaining that he was elsewhere and he would return the call some other time.  It was the third time in the last hour and a half that he had tried to get in contact with his son, Scott.  Each time he didn't even get the courtesy of a ring from the other end.
	 Straight to voice mail.  Scott’s phone was shut off, Ashe figured.  
	As the recording of Scott's voice came to an end, Ashe decided to finally leave a message after the beep.  “Scott.  How are you, son?”  Staring blankly at the far wall of his office, he tried to gather his thoughts and continue, “I got your message.  I don't know...exactly...what to make of it...to be honest.  I am trying to get a hold of you to make sure everything is okay.”  Ashe never noticed that his office had an echo, but while he sat and struggled with his wording, he could hear his voice slightly repeating in the background.  “Give me a call as soon as you get this. Bye.”
	Pushing END on the cell phone, Ashe reluctantly placed it on the top of his desk, next to a closed white file.  He stared at it, fighting the sudden urge to call Scott again and again and again until he finally got at least a single ring from the other side.  Just one ring.  And then his mind would find a little ease.  
	Or maybe it wouldn't.  
	He wasn't sure.
	Ashe controlled his breathing.  In. Out. In. Out.  He had no evidence that anything was amiss, except for a short and strange message, which only seemed to provide him with a puzzle piece without an actual puzzle.  Without an identifiable puzzle, there was nothing to solve, nothing to be concerned about.  He was simply giving in to the illusion of a problem, where none may actually exist.  Maybe he was simply searching for a riddle to solve, something solid to clench his hand around.  Or perhaps, he may want or need a way to reach out and grasp his son.
	But, Ashe tried to remind himself, Scott had been out of his reach for as long as the boy was able to run.   As soon as Scott had realized that he had a set of legs beneath of him, he hurriedly made use of them.  For football.  For track.  For basketball.  And to swiftly run away to college.  He always had places to go and people to see.  He wasn't even sure if Scott stopped running long enough to look back, to remember the things and the people that he had left behind.
	Ashe took a large portion of the blame upon himself.  He could call his son more often, even if it was only for a minute.  It would use very little time from his busy schedule.  And it would take little to no effort.  But he didn't.  He never forced himself to pick up the phone.  
	They both had fled, he realized, his son and himself, away from everything that their relationship represented.  The admittance of each other’s existence forced them to remember pain.  Pain neither of them wanted to recall.  That was the cold, hard fact.  
	Why the message then?  Why call?
	Even with all the rationalizing, Ashe couldn't shake the gut feeling that something was wrong with Scott.  There had to be a clue in the recording, something beneath that tickled Ashe's instincts.  
	Picking his cell phone back up, he connected once again to his voice mail.  “D...Dad?”  Then there was silence.  “Damn...your voice mail.  Call me?  Call me back as soon as you can?”  Hollow laugh.  “As soon as you can, okay?” A deep breath.  “Never mind.  Forget it.”  
	Ashe turned the message over and over in his mind and for a brief instant a hint of a ghostly puzzle appeared.  But it quickly faded before any solid details could stand out, leaving behind only a vague realization, a notion that had leaked in from his subconscious.   It was not the words in the message that had bothered Ashe, but the tone in his son's voice.  There was something distant, dark, not quite right about the way that Scott had spoken. It went far beyond the mere syllables and syntax.  During his work as a forensic psychologist, Ashe had heard that tone, that pitch, many time before, from his inmates, but he never expected to hear it be uttered from the mouth of his own son.
	 That sound.  The sound that had been recorded was the sound of a desperate man, one whose reality was shattering all around him, and the shards were stabbing him from every angle.
	Ashe went to play the message again, but was startled by an unexpected knock on his office door.  It was a subtle tap...rap...tap.  Looking to the clock overhead, he realized the time and swore lowly.  He had completely forgotten about Mr. Barrett, a new, high profile inmate coming to see him for the first time.  It was a meet-and-greet session, which was a little foreplay before hands got dirty.  Even though the idea of a new inmate always seemed to wet his appetite and his curiosity, Ashe wasn't sure he had the ability to focus on Mr. Barrett.
	While his mind was still drawn to Scott and whether or not he should try to call again, Ashe decided to pick up the white file from his desk.  He sat the cell phone down.  As another set of taps vibrated across his office door, he decided to oblige them with a simple, “The door is always unlocked, Tye!”
	He would have to put Scott and his message on a back burner.
	The metal door to Ashe's tiny office deep within Wilson Maximum Security Prison slowly crept inward.  It was more like a cage instead of an office.  Sometimes he felt like just another prisoner inside of the large prison, with the only exception being that he could come and go, almost as he pleased.  
Early in his life, Ashe had personal reasons for being drawn to the field of Psychology.  It wasn’t long before he chose a forensic life, one dealing with the law, over the comfort of clinical work, choosing a solid stone prison over the comfort of an office building or laboratory.  He gave up voluntary patients for his chance to work with incarcerated criminals.  Navigating the maze inside the head of a murderer or rapist was far more complex and challenging than anything he ever would have had to guide while counseling depressed housewives and anxious teenagers.  
	Maybe he was just as insane as the criminals were, he often suspected.  
	When the office door was fully open, Tye, a prison guard and friend, peaked his head in and announced that it was a good morning.  Tye was a living contradiction, at least in Ashe's mind.  Tye was short but muscular, African-American but with white curly hair, and he was a nice old man working as correctional officer.  Ashe always enjoyed when Tye had a chance to visit his cage, especially since they would get a chance to exchange brief banter.
	“How are the kids and grandkids Tye?” Ashe asked.
	“Alive and a pain in my old ass,” he replied.  “How is that son of yours?”
	“Turning more of my hair gray,” he somewhat lied. “I will look like you soon.” Ashe had never admitted to Tye or anyone else outside of the situation how bad off the relationship between Scott and himself had become.  It was a topic he avoided, because he would then have to face his own shortcomings as a father.	
“Just wait until he breeds you a grandbaby,” Tye implied and laughed.  “Why do you think I still work so much at my age?”
	“So you can afford to spoil your grandbabies?”
	“Right on, my friend.”
	They shared a chuckle.
	Tye's smile turned flat and Ashe recognized that it was time to get down to business.  Even though his mind wasn't fully in the office, he knew that he had a job to do.  And, honestly, the next case was interesting enough that he might just be able to focus.  “You have,” he pretended to glance at the file, “a Mr. Franklin Barrett for me?”  
	“Yes, sir,” Tye replied, stepping the rest of the way through the doorway.
	Behind the old correctional officer, Ashe saw the pale, thin frame of Franklin Barrett.  His skinny form was dressed in the customary uniform of the prison, blue upon blue, loose fit and easy to wash.  His lengthy dark hair was pulled back from his forehead, but lacked the gel to keep it firmly in place, causing stray hairs to fall down across his forehead and ears.  His glasses were a set of thick metal frames holding thick lenses, which seemed out of place perched on the nose of such a gaunt face.  
	Ashe watched closely as the man followed behind Tye, taking note of his movements, his posture, and his eye contact.  Behavioral observation could sometimes hold important factors to consider.  When broken down to the basics, people were barely more than a list of their behaviors, their actions, reactions, and motivations.  The key was to piece them together until they made sense.
	Lying next to the white folder was a notepad, already turned to the first blank page, with a black pen on top.  Using the pen, Ashe jotted down the title APPEARANCE.  Underneath of the title, he began to jot down quick notes.  ...appears to be clean...definitely underweight...skin is pale...clothing is neat and not disheveled...eyesight is obviously bad...does not appear to have any tattoos or piercing that are visible...overall hygiene is well maintained...
	In the rear, beyond Tye and Barrett, were 2 more guards, much younger and broader than Tye.  “Have a seat, Mr. Barrett,” Ashe insisted, motioning to the chair on the other side of his small desk.  With another motion, he dismissed the 3 officers.
	“We will be just outside the door,” Tye reminded Ashe.  “You know the drill, my man.  The door will be closed but just hit the button on your desk and we will be here faster than you can say, 'hollyhelltheyarefast.'  Not that I gotta remind you of all of this or anything.”  
	They left.
	The last statement referred to an incident a few years prior, Ashe assumed, when a felon pulled a shiny blade on him.  However, instead of hitting the button to call the guards, he grabbed the solid wooden baseball bat that sat on the wall behind his desk.  Broken nose and skull fracture and several days in the infirmary were to follow.  But not for Ashe.  He only had a few scrapes.
	The psychologist snuck a grin.  	
	“Mr. Barrett,” Ashe said to the sitting man.  “Do you mind if I call you Frank?”  Barrett had yet to look up from the floor, not upon entering the office or upon sitting in the chair.  He absolutely refused to meet Ashe’s face.  “Frank?  Mr. Barrett?  My name is Dr. Walters.  Do you know where you are right now?  Do you know why you are here?”
	No answer.
	“All right,” Ashe mumbled.  “I will take the lead in this conversation, but feel free to jump in at any point, whenever you have something to say or add.  Your file states here,” he commented, before opening the white folder and turning over a couple of loose pages, “that you are neither mute nor comatose nor trapped in any waking fantasy or delusion at this moment in time.  I will underline this section and mark a question mark, because I may have doubts of my own to these assumptions.  But, until proven otherwise I will make an assumption of my own that you are able to hear me and have the ability to respond to me.”
	The psychology sat a couple seconds without speaking.
	“Mr. Barrett,” he continued, “even though the state of Ohio has found you guilty instead of insane, they still have some questions about your overall state of mind.  The powers that be want me to give you an intake evaluation and determine what mental deficiencies might be affecting you.  That is why we are here today.  Do you understand me?”  For a few seconds he let the question linger and watched as Mr. Barrett continued to inspect something on the concrete floor.  There was a faint stain, the psychologist knew.  It stuck halfway out from under the desk.  He watched as the felon inspected the blemish.  The stain was something that was present in reality and Mr. Barrett was either focused on it out of obsession or the desire to avoid eye contact.  Either way, the man appeared present and accounted for.
	With the pen, Ashe jotted the word...guarded.
	“Our first session,” Ashe began, “will be simple.”  He closed the folder.  “At this point, I am not worried about your crime.  That will come later.  I want to meet...and greet you...so to say.  Get to know you.  The person.  Your interests and hobbies.  For example.  In my free time I like to go above my budget and dine out, usually picking the most expensive Italian restaurant I can find.  It is the glutton in me, I know it well.  I also enjoy golfing and watching basketball.  I do crossword puzzles, too.  And I love a cold Sam Adams after a long day.  How about you?  What do you like to do in your spare time?”
	No answer.
	“Hobbies can say a lot about a person,” Ashe continued.  “What a man does with his spare time speaks volumes about his character.  You agree?”
	Dead air.  
	Ashe continued to let the silence hold sway over the room.  He leaned far back in his chair and watched closely to how Mr. Franklin reacted beneath the weight of silence.  And for a fleeting moment, the killer glanced up at him before swiftly putting his eyes back to the brown stain.  
	The simple glance proclaimed a lot.
	It was time to break the silence.  He knew exactly how to startle the calm waters that was Franklin Barrett.  
	“How is your family?”
	At the word family, Barrett slightly flinched, and Ashe caught it.
	“ So...your family is a pretty big deal, or so I am told,” Ashe continued, scribbling down a few more notes.  “Correct me if I am wrong, but the Barrett family owns most of Northeast Ohio.  Give or take.  Maybe even some of Pennsylvania.  Am I right?  I bet you live the good life.  Or lived the good life, anyway,” he asserted.  Pointing to the cage around him, he continued, “I don’t exactly live paycheck to paycheck, but money can get tight.  I couldn't imagine not having to worry about money.”
	Barrett murmured.
	“Did you say something, sir?”
	“Money is evil,” he spoke up.  
	Ashe perked up.  “Why do you believe that, Mr. Barrett?”
	He didn't answer.
	“The way I see it,” Ashe began, “money is only as evil as those who spend it.”
	“Or those who covet it,” Barrett added.  
	“What makes you say that?”
	He didn't answer.
	Ashe continued to poke and prod.  
	He knew more about the Barrett family than he led on, choosing to fake ignorance in order to ask certain questions.  The arrest of Franklin Barrett for the murder of his wife and son had been front page news for the few months leading up to the trial.  The trial was predicted to last for months to years, but the trial didn't last as long as expected.  Franklin Barrett had quickly and unexpectedly pled guilty for both murders.   
	Barrett swore that his wife and son were plotting to kill him for his life insurance and estate, but no proof of a plot was ever discovered, as far as Ashe knew.  Little else was spoken about why the man had felt the need to murder his wife and son.  
	The Barrett family was a corporate family, with rumored ties to the mob.   To Ashe, Franklin Barrett looked nothing like a tough guy from the mob.  
	“We will return to the subject of money in a minute,” Ashe stated.  “How is your relationship with your family?  From what I have seen on television, it looks like you guys are a tight-knit bunch.  Is that true, Franklin?  Do you have a good personal and professional relationship with the members of your family?”
	“They didn’t leave me any other choice,” Franklin claimed, his head remaining low.  “They wanted me dead.”
	“Who wanted you dead, Mr. Barrett?”
	“But I stopped them,” he replied.  “Kill or be killed.”
	“Who?” Ashe asked.  “Who did you kill?”
	Barrett went silent again.  
	Ashe realized that he was fidgeting his pen, back and forth between his pointer and thumb.  Ceasing the motion, he wrote another set of words and circled them.  Paranoia might be present and a factor in the crimes. But is the inmate also delusional?  Self-defense?  Unclear.
	“Mr. Barrett?”
	Barrett returned to staring down lifelessly at the floor.  Whatever he had been before the crime, strong or powerful, he appeared to be nothing more than a sad and broken man, locked in a prison of his own making.  
	“Franklin?”
	No answer.
	“Mr. Barrett?”
	Nothing.
Ashe wrote a few more quick thoughts:
	Franklin Barrett seems to be struggling with regret and affliction. It appears to be sincere. But he feels absolutely justified in his crimes.  Kill or be killed?  That is what he said.  What did that mean exactly, beyond the usual sense of the phrase? How clear was his mind during the time of the killings?  Did he understand the difference between right and wrong?  Should have the insanity plea been explored more strongly?     
	Ashe watched the man for a few more moments, once again paying close attention to the movements of his eyes.  They were straight and narrow, never darting and never wandering away from the stain.  They still seemed to be focused.  The psychologist had no doubt that the killer was purposely avoiding any eye contact and act that showed effort and willpower.  Barrett had a lot to tell him, but it would have to wait for later sessions.  The man’s shell was too thick.  Cracking it would either have to be gentle or brutal, and it was yet to be seen which it would be. 
	The guilty confession had been real and honest, I have no doubt.  It is as real as the regret he feels for his crimes.  But he still feels as if he had no choice.  No choice?  The regret had formed around him like a hard shell.  But the shell had cracks.  How could I further expand the cracks in the shell?  How?  What might be found beneath the layers of shell?
	Reaching out, he pushed the button and called back the guards.  The first session was over.  He made one final note.
	The inmate needs to be put under suicide watch…until further notice.

Chapter 2

Later that evening Ashe found himself finally returning home after a long day, one filled with a new inmate, unanswered phone calls, and a creeping headache that never seemed to move into the frontal cortex of his brain.  It remained in the back of the mind, lurking and threatening, slightly throbbing, showing him the potential of further pain that might arrive at any moment.  He would rather have the full agony and discomfort and get it over with.  He didn't care for the lingering and the possible, he only wanted to experience the present and not worry over what could get him from the shadows.  
	Hit the obstacle head on, Ashe always believed.  Hit it with a truck and the drive by.  Hitting the obstacle, though, meant seeing and understanding it, which was often easier said than done.  
	The sun was setting behind Ashe as he pulled into the driveway.  It was becoming nothing but a sliver on the horizon, growing smaller and smaller, like a closing eye.  Even though some daylight still shone, it was late in the evening.  The springtime was letting the day hours and the daylight hang round longer and later than the winter had.  
While sitting and watching the sun as it shrunk, he felt his own eyes growing heavy.  The long day had drained him, as the night will drain the light from the day.  He thought about sleep and wondered how much he would actually get.  What would keep him awake?  He would have to wait and see.  Some nights he was able to get to bed at a decent hour, but most of the time something kept him awake.  Work mostly.  Research on the internet.  Reviewing session note.  
Ashe loved his quiet, quaint little home.  He lived in Mineral Ridge, which was a comfortable distance from Youngstown and the madness that seemed to go with the little city.  Youngstown was small compared to the nearby Cleveland but large in many ways, like in poverty and crime and bankrupted businesses.  It had once been a central community in what had been known as the “Steel Belt” of America, but that steel eventually rusted. Even though the steel mills began to dry up, the little city held on for many years but the most recent recession had not been kind, leaving abandoned buildings and desperate people and helpless despair in its wake.  But that was nothing strange or rare in that part of Ohio.  The recession had come through like a roaring tornado, sucking up hope and jobs only to drop them in Mexico or across the ocean in places like India.
	 Leaving work to return to his home in the quiet suburbs was like going from one world into another, as if returning to reality after leaving OZ.  Except that he wouldn't be caught dead in ruby red footwear.  He might get mugged for them.  
	The chill of the coming night was already setting down around him.  A shiver touched his neck when he exited his 4-door Mazda.  Grasping his black leather case, Ashe hurried into his white house, ready for the quiet of his home.  But instead of appreciating the silence and solitude his small house gave him, the psychologist power walked over to his answering machine which hung from the kitchen wall.  The black box only ever showed one message on its digital dial.  Only ever one.  Yet, Ashe looked and saw a red number two blinking on the dial, meaning that he had a new unheard message waiting for him.   
	It blinked like a beacon.  
	A message from Scott?
	Ever since he had gotten his cell phone many years ago, no one ever called the house phone.  And he never used the landline to call out.  Cell phones had taken over long ago and home phone were falling away, following the fate of the short-lived car phone.  He sometimes thought it pointless to still have the phone line, and yet was certain that he would never, ever have it disconnected, unless he was one day forced by the phone company to do so.
	After setting his briefcase on to the marble top of his kitchen's island, Ashe quickly played the message.  “Hello, Ashe.   I think that I got the number right, you didn't say your name in the message.  I guess I will leave a message anyway.” Giggle.  “Oh...right...this is Katherine Wright...and I believe that we have a date tonight.  At 9 o'clock...eastern standard time.  Just calling to see if it was still happening.  Maybe I am just a little nervous about having a date with someone until I at least hear their voice.  That is against the rule of blind dates, I know.  Sorry.  I hope...that you are well.  If...the plans have changed...you have my number. I am pretty sure that your sister gave it to you.  If not...I will see you in a couple. Bye-bye.”
	Damn!  The message wasn't from Scott.  It was from the woman that his sister Sarah insisted that he meet, as if he needed his sister to fix him up on dates.  It was true that Ashe hadn't been on a date since…in quite a while, but he also wasn't lonely, or at least didn't feel lonely.  Why would he date, if it was not out of loneliness?  Wasn't that why people dated?
	Solitude sometimes comforted Ashe.  Even though he knew the longing for companionship was natural and healthy, he understood the comfort that isolation often brought him.  Perhaps he was in denial.  He admitted it to be a real possibility.  Sometimes, though, denial was a happier pasture, covered in green grass and roaming cattle.
	Lost in thought, Ashe forgot to push STOP on the answering machine.  A few feet from the sink, on his way to get a cold beer, he froze in place.  A familiar voice sung out from the machine's speakers.  
	“Sweetheart,” a woman spoke.  “Love you.  Love you.” The voice was soft and delicate and forced Ashe to choke on air as if it were solid.  “I just wanted to let you know...” before the woman could continue, he jumped at the machine and silenced her.  
	She had been his wife.  Susanne.  And she had been gone for a little over 4 years.  Ashe would do anything to keep her voice alive, even if it meant paying a bill for a nearly obsolete phone service based on the slim chance that canceling the service would cause him to lose the message.  Yet, at the same time, he rarely allowed himself to listen to the message.  There had been a time, however, years before, when he would have listened to the message over and over.  It was a sick and sad compulsion. It was not a way to mourn his wife, however, but a way to torture himself, forcing himself to relieve the pain and blame, again and again.  Self-destructive.  Ashe knew.  But at the time he felt that he had deserved repeated injury.  
Hearing the voice of his wife had become something that he both coveted and avoided.  One day, someday, eventually, he might be able to let the message go, but that day was far off over the horizon, which made him immediately feel guilty about the looming blind date.   
	Ashe repeated the message from Katherine and then deleted it.  
	He had time to shower and change and make it to the date, if he hurried.  The night was never simple, no matter how much Ashe sometimes wanted it to be.  No early bedtime for him, again.  There always seemed to be someone new to meet, question, and diagnose, except this time it was supposed to be leisure, pleasure, instead of work.  He wondered if he still knew how to meet someone for casual talk, simple conversation.  
	It was worth a try.
	What could it hurt?

Chapter 3

Ashe hurried, barely feeling the falling hot water of the shower.  With a quick swipe of his toothbrush and spritz of some cologne, he was out the door, unsure that he had made the right clothing selection.  A gray button down shirt with tan khakis?  Would that work?  His shoes were black and far from shiny.  He was aiming for a look that was not too casual and not too formal.  And he deeply hoped that the combination would be okay.
	What did present day daters wear, anyway?  
	He remembered what he had worn on dates in the past and tried desperately not to wear anything similar.  He didn't want it to be obvious the he hadn't dated in many years, even though he was sure that his sister had already mentioned that tidbit to Katherine.  Sarah had a thin filter between her brain and her mouth, which often reminding Ashe of a 5 year old child, blunt but honest.
	It didn't matter what Sarah had told his date, Ashe thought.  The less surprises the better.  But, he quickly reconsidered that thought when he reflected on the types of information his sister might have shared with Katherine.  There were a few things about himself that he would rather handle on a second or third date…or fourth or fifth…or sixth or seventh…or ever.  
Why in the world she would even show up at the restaurant?  He wondered.  Maybe Sarah didn’t tell her as much as assumed.  Ashe wouldn’t know until the date began.  That fact made him a little nervous.
	While rushing through the pre-date routine of bathing and smelling pleasant, Ashe had no doubt that he would end up being late for the date.  The time was 9:14. However, he ended up being the first to arrive, instead.  He realized that he was the first to arrive whenever he communicated his name to the hostess, who in turn replied, “Ashe Walters.  Says here you are a party of two?  Is that right?”  She mockingly scanned around his obviously solo presence, trying to spot another person who was possibly hidden or out of sight.  The hostess than asked in a dry manner, “Someone else showing up to be your...of two?”  
	The hostess was a young woman, looking as if she had just climbed down from a booster seat.  Ashe didn't take her sarcasm to heart, blaming it on the proverbial teen boredom, which seems to be infecting the entire teenager popular.  Soon it would be a diagnosable mental illness, like ADHD and DID.  It would have its own section in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, the bible of psychology.  Ashe almost laughed to himself.  With 3D movies, high tech video games, video chat, and online porn, why wouldn't teens of the world be suffering from severe boredom?
Ashe clarified to bored youth, “I hope so.  But you never know, right.”
	The hostess took two menus into her hands and insisted with a smile, “Follow me, sir.”
	Which he did.  Bobbing and weaving through the restaurant, the psychologist noticed that the place seemed to be filled to the brim with nibbling, laughing, conversing customers.  He took all the chatting people, wondering what they were discussing.  Politics.  Weather.  Sex.  A mere discussion could tell a lot about a person, if the right questions were asked, even if they weren't answered truthfully.  Lies could often reveal more about the mind of an individual than truths.  
	“Here we are, sir,” the waitress, motioning Ashe to a booth.  Placing the menus onto the table top, the hostess was swiftly gone.  
	Finding himself alone, Ashe began to skim the menu, while also trying to eavesdrop into the nearby conversations taking place at the surrounding tables.  He wasn't able to make much out, even from those close to him.   
	In what might have been between five to ten minutes, the hostess had returned, accompanied by a tall, attractive redhead.  “Ashe Walters.  Your of two.” And then the youth was gone again.
	 After scooting into the booth, Katherine introduced herself, which Ashe reciprocated.  Before any more talk could take place, a waitress arrived to take their drink orders.  Ashe was caught off guard when his date ordered a Sam Adams.  It was a pleasant surprise.  For a brief second, he didn’t say anything.  He began to feel good about the date.  He happily told the waitress to make it two.
	“So,” Katherine began once the waitress had gone, “I pictured you as a Budweiser man.” 
Ashe jerked his head back and forth.  “Not.”
“Your sister has told me a lot about you,” Katherine revealed.
	“That can't be a good thing.”
	“Is it ever,” Katherine replied.  
	“I guess not.”
	“So,” Katherine began again, “why did you rape and murder and eat the brains of your mother, father, and family beagle?”
	Ashe perked up his head, puzzled.
	“I'm sorry,” she explained and chuckled.  “You are the one who is supposed to ask that question.  I didn't mean to steal your thunder.”
	“I guess Sarah did tell you everything.”
	“I guess so.”
	The waitress returned with their alcohol and asked if they were ready to order.  They both shook their heads.  Before the waitress made another exit, Ashe ordered them a second round of beer, believing deeply that he may need a steady flow of alcohol.  Katherine seemed feisty.  And he was unsure whether or not that would end up being a good thing.  
“My sister never did tell me what you did,” Ashe stated after taking a sip of his Sam Adams.  “So what...do you do...for a living?”
	“I don't do.”
	“Pardon me.”
	“I am,” Katherine clarified with a mischievous smirk.  
	“So,” Ashe began, “what exactly are you?”
	“At this moment in time, I am a writer,” she answered.  “If you would have asked that question 2 years ago, I would have answered differently, as would I have 2 years prior.”
	“You get bored easily, then?” he asked.
	“Do I sound boring to you?”
	Ashe thought about the question and wasn't sure how to answer it.  He considered how Katherine sounded.  Spontaneous?  Ambitious?  Reckless?  Irresponsible?  Living with her face on a cloud?  Taking a massive gulp of his lager, he couldn't help but to be intrigued.  
	“You are intrigued by me,” she announced, as if reading his mind.  
	“Am I?”
	“Why wouldn't you be?”
	“Would you like to order, now?” the waitress asked, startling Ashe with her sudden presence.  She placed down their second beers and once again pulled out a pen and pad.
	“You have no idea,” Ashe answered.  “I would like the sirloin, and I want it to still be mooing at me as I eat it.  Mashed potatoes with it, smothered to death in dark gravy.”  
	The waitress smiled and jotted down the order in shorthand.
	“Same,” Katherine told the waitress, which the waitress also jotted, before ducking away.
	“Writer?” Ashe asked.
	“Yep,” she answered, before drinking from her bottle.  “I can't tell you what I am writing, though, because it is top secret.  I don't want you to steal my epic idea.  I will say that it is like Harry Potter meets The Sound and the Fury.”
	“Sounds...fascinating.”
	“Indeed,” she said, agreeing.  “What is it like working with crazy people?”
	“I don't work with crazy people, exactly,” Ashe clarified, with a slight laugh.  Crazy people.  It was a term that he has heard quiet often.  If they only understood how more complicated and complex that term actually was.  If it was easy, his job would be a walk in the park, which it definitely was not.  “I administer assessment and treatment at Wilson Maximum Security Prison.  I assess all inmates during initial intake into the prison and then decide if a mental illness may be present.  Some are more obvious than others.  And you’d be surprised how many criminals are completely sane.  But if there are symptoms present, I have to diagnose the illness, plan and run the treatment schedule.  
“I thought the crazy people get weeded out in court?” Katherine asked.  “The insanity defense…or whatever?”
“In spite of popular thought, the insanity plea rarely holds up in court and never gets anyone off.  Prisons have a good number of inmates with mental illnesses, mild to severe, and they deserve treatment just like anyone else.”
	“Do they?  Why?  They are murderers and rapist.”
	“It is not that simple.”
	“Isn't it?”
	“With living, breathing, thinking people…it never is.”
	“Are you still a consultant for the YPD?”
	Ashe was caught off guard by the question.  He hasn't done that in a long time.  Not since his wife's death.  “My sister is thorough, I will give her that much.  Not in a long time. 4 years, give or take.   Let’s just say that I used to help an old friend out, now and again, but not anymore.”
	“How's come?  That seems right up your alley.”
	“Personal reasons,” he replied.
	For nearly a minute there was no more speaking.
	“I had a wife.”
	“I know.”
	“And she passed several years ago.”
	“Your sister told me,” Katherine revealed.  “But she never told me how.  You don't want to talk about it...I am sure.  I am not trying to pry.  I am curious at the cellular level, but I know where the boundaries are.”
	“An accident.”
	“I am sorry for your loss,” she expressed, reaching out for his hand.  Ashe began to reach across the table for hers, but withdrew it at the sound of his chirping cell phone.  He was almost glad for the interruption.  
	Pulling the phone from his pocket and brushing the screen, he answered the call.  After listening to the other side intensely, Ashe ended the call with a simple, “I will be right there.”  Glancing over to Katherine, unsure how to meet her eyes, he conveyed, “I have to go.  An old friend wants to have some words with me.  I haven’t heard from the man…in a…long time.  I really am sorry, but it must be important.  I really have to run. What a way to end a first date.  I apologize.”
	“First date?  Does that mean that there will be a second?”
	“I will call you and you can tell me,” he said sincerely.  Ashe wasn't exactly sure why, but he wanted another chance.  “I am going to stop by the desk and insist that I pay for everything ordered and future additions.  Order whatever you want, that is legal.  No.  I insist.  Stay all night if you want.  It was nice meeting you, Katherine.”
	“It was.”
	Cursing under his breath, Ashe took one last mouthful of alcohol.  He then rushed away from the table, worried about what else the night had in store for him.  All he wanted was to go to bed early.  That was never more than a dream.  


Chapter 4

As he pushed his way into the police station, Ashe was struck in the face by an onslaught of memories.  For quite a few years Ashe had balanced a split career.  On one side he worked at Wilson Maximum Security Prison under another forensic psychologist, Dr. Yosef Hadmira, but that was only part-time, as-needed work.  On the other side he was a paid expert consultant for the Youngstown Police Department, working most of the time for the homicide department, and his old friend Oscar Harrison.  Sometimes he would also help with other cases, some involving robber or rape or other types or crime.  He would even occasionally help other departments in the surrounding area, like Cleveland.  
	One of the reasons that Ashe had first begun consulting was because he felt like he was helping society, as clichéd as that may seem.  It was true, though.  Somewhere deep down, he must have the common hero-complex that some people seemed to be built with.  He honestly wanted to help people and stop bad guys…quote…unquote.  It was something that burned deep, and the coals would always be hot, he figured, even though he quit consulting many years before.  He was just one end of the spectrum, though, he knew.  While the need to be important and to save others ran in the blood of some, the need to conquer and rape ran in the blood of others.   
	It was that darker end of the spectrum that he wished to better understand.  Why was there less light?  Where do the dark colors come from?  Mental illness?  Chemical imbalance?  Impulse control?  Evil?  Demons?  Satan?  In the end, they seemed to be different words to describe the same phenomenon.  
	Behavior.
	It had been hard, stressful work.  Some cases had been simple, involving obvious suspects like a cheating husband or greedy son-in-law.  Those had been cut and dry.  But there had also been cases that were far from simple, ones that would not fit easily in a solved or an unsolved folder.  Those were the cases that had tested Ashe, his education, his professional skills, and sometimes, during those certain jobs, his beliefs, his sanity, and even his own sense of reality.   
	He would always walk away from those cases...altered. And there had sometimes been dire consequences.  It had been one of those consequences that forced him to walk away from consulting four years before.
	There was a long desk directly inside the police station, with a guard and a metal detector.  Ashe recognized the guard on duty.  He waved to Oswald and nodded.  
	“Welcome back, Dr. Walters,” Oswald greeted, surprised to see the psychologist.  “Here to see Oscar?”
	“He called.”
	“Kind of late.”
	“You don't have to tell me.  Any ideas?”
	“I just watch the door.  Keep the shady folks out,” he insisted.  “Come on through.” he motioned to the metal detectors.  The psychologist emptied his pockets and passed through unheeded.  On the other side, Oswald handed Ashe an all access visitors pass.  
	“How's the family?” Ashe asked.
	“Good. You?”
	“Can't complain.”
	“Nice seeing you, Dr. Walters,” Oswald conveyed as Ashe turned from him.
	“You too, Oswald,” Ashe replied.  
	He swiftly took the elevator to the second floor.  Once out of the elevator, he noticed that the floor of the homicide division was a flutter with activity.  Weaving through the desks, Ashe nodded to a couple of familiar faces.  
	“The boss in?” He asked a short Latino man who was sitting at a desk near to Detective Harrison’s office.  Fredrick Jones was his name.  Good guy.  Good cop.  Bad drinker.
	Detective Jones nodded.
Ashe gently but firmly knocked on Detective Harrison's office door and waited for a response.  Detective Oscar Harrison was one of the head officers in the homicide department.  He led one of several investigative teams. And he and the psychologist were old, old friends, going clear back to school age.  Oscar used to cheat off Ashe during Geometry.  Ashe let Oscar beat up any bully that wouldn't leave him alone.  They were indeed old friends.  And they both seemed to have fallen on the same side of the spectrum...the lighter side.
	The naive side, some might say.
	Ashe knocked again and was greeted with, “It's unlocked!”  
	Opening the door, he strolled straight in, closed the door behind him, and sat down.  
	Harrison's office was almost as small and cramped as his own, but held a comfortable feeling that Ashe never could muster for his cage.  Perhaps it was the carpet.  Perhaps it was the subtle yet effective black and white pictures hanging on the walls, depicting the good ole days of crime fighting, when police officers had long hair and thick cigars.  It might also have been the single window, with the view of a tall tree, something that Ashe’s cage would never have.  Whatever it was, it made the psychologist a little jealous.  
	“You got here faster than I expected,” Harrison stated, putting down a pen. “It is good to see you, Ashe.  It has been a while.  How are things?  I’ve been meaning to call.”
	“And I’ve been meaning to answer.  Things are...normal,” Ashe replied.  “Normal for me, anyway.  You look...healthy.”
	Oscar grunted.  “I am. In a way.  Cholesterol still high.  Did I interrupt something?  You look...dressy...if that is even a word.  Why are you dressed up so late?”  He looked at the clock on the wall.  It read 10:49.  “I figured that I would have gotten you out of bed.  Early to bed…early to rise...or something.”
	“Late to bed, early to rise, is more like it, these days.  Blind date, actually,” he replied.  “Sarah had set it up.  First one since...first one in a while.”
	“Really?”
	“Yea.”
	“I'm sorry that I had to blow that for you, man,” Oscar expressed, sincerely, picking the pen back up off his desk.  He began to chew on the capped end. “I know that it couldn't have been easy making that step.”
	“It was more of a look than a step,” Ashe explained.  “See what is in the pit before I willingly plunge back into it.  If I ever choose to plunge back in.  You know what I mean?”
	The detective grunted.  “A little morbid, but I do,” he replied.  “How is work?”
	“Complex.”
	Oscar gave a little groan.  “Isn't it always?  They sent Barrett to Wilson.  You had the pleasure of his company, yet?”
	“You know that I have,” he responded.  “Your name was all over the news on that one.  Prime time coverage.  You looked a little pale on the television, though.  You need to get more sun.”
	“I'm South American,” Oscar began, trying to rile up his subtle Spanish accent.  “I never look pale.”
	“You were born in Arizona and raised here in Ohio,” Ashe corrected him.  “You're mother and father are South American.”
	“Technicalities.”
	“Why am I here, Oscar?  Small talk was never your strongest skill.  And the way that you are chewing on that pen is a giveaway.  You've also been looking down at your desk more than at my eyes.  What is wrong?”  
	“When was the last time you spoke to Scott?”
	“Scott?” Ashe asked.  “It has been a while.  You know how things had gotten between us.  It hasn't gotten any better over the past few years.” He thought about mentioning the strange voice mail, but immediately changed his mind.  Just because the message sounded weird to him, doesn't mean that Oscar would hear anything out of the ordinary.  
	“That is a shame,” Harrison replied, shaking his head.
	“What does me being here have to do with Scott?  Did something happen to my son, Oscar?”
	The detective took an obvious second to gather his thoughts.  “A call came in earlier this evening, at around dusk, from an apartment complex just outside of the YSU campus.  King Tower.  Neighbor heard a gunshot coming from the apartment across the hall and called it in to 911.  When officers arrived, the front door to that apartment was ajar.  Upon entering the premises, the officers found a body in a back bedroom, lying face down in a bed.  A single gunshot wound to the back of the head.”  Leaning back in his chair, he continued.  “I didn't know that it was Scott's apartment until I got there and saw the pictures in his room.”
	“Scott?”  Ashe asked.  “In his bed?”
	“The body was not Scott, Ashe.  Of that I was immediately certain,” Oscar assured him.  “We believe it to be Scott's roommate.”
	“Ummm…Owen?”
	“Owen Roberts,” Oscar concurred, nodding his head.  “That was the name we were given.”
	“Scott?”
	“Scott is missing,” Oscar replied.  “A young man fitting his description was seen by several witnesses fleeing from the building.  No one can say with certain which way he was heading, only that he was on foot.”
	The psychologist didn’t know what to say.
	“Does Scott own a handgun?” Oscar continued.
	“Not that I know of,” Ashe replied.  “He was never much of a firearms type of person.”
	Questions were filling Ashe's brain, scattered across his mind like long, complicated equations., equations that were missing important variables.  He had to find the missing sections in order to solve the equations.  
	“No,” Oscar quickly demanded.
	“What?”
	“I know that look,” Harrison replied.  “Your wheels are spinning so fast that they are smoking up my office.  Let us handle this.”
	“Scott is my son.”
	“And you are too close to this,” Oscar insisted.  “You know more than anyone how things can go when someone gets emotionally compromised.  It is never good.  Things go sour when you can't think rationally.”
	“I always think straight.  It’s what I do.”  
	“You can compartmentalize better than most people, Ashe,” the Detective declared.  “I'm not arguing against that fact.  And I've always admired that in you.  It makes you strong.  It makes you good at your job.  Maybe even a little cold, seemingly objective to a fault, in some cases.  But this is different.  This is your son.  And he may have murdered someone.  No one can be objective, distant in a situation like this.  It is not possible.  And I have seen how you can be when things get too personal for you.  We all have seen the consequences.”
	“Scott doesn't have it in him to kill anyone.”
	“Are you sure?”
	Ashe wanted to say yes but couldn't.  There have been numerous times when an inmate, someone responsible for violent and atrocious crimes, had once upon a time been a normal, law abiding, lord fearing person.  Sometimes something happened, an unforeseen event or factor occurred, giving them a reason, a rationale to commit heinous acts, like murder.  The event or factor could come on gradually or suddenly.  
	Had it happened to Scott?
	“I can help,” Ashe argued.
	“You can help,” Oscar agreed.  “Go home.  But stay in contact.  If Scott calls you or comes and sees you, get him to turn himself in.  He is only a suspect, Ashe.  We just need to find out what happened.”
	“You know the suspect too,” Ashe pointed out.  “Doesn’t that cause conflict of interest for you, as well?  Shouldn’t you pass it on to one of the other teams?”
	“It fell on my rotation,” Oscar replied.  “My boss already cleared it.  Or would you rather have Connelly on it?”
	Ashe bit back his frustration and shook his head.  
	Pulling a yellow pad of paper from his desk, Harrison asked, “What is Scott's cell phone number?”
	He gave it.
	“I know you said that you haven't been in much contact with him, but can you think of any place Scott might go?” Harrison asked.  “Girlfriends?  Close friends?  Hang outs?  Anything would help.”
	Ashe thought about it for a minute.  He just simply didn't know a lot about Scott's life, of his normal routines.  He knew little about his son...period.  Did Scott's have a girlfriend?  Friends?  He was sure that his son had those things, but did not know who they were.
	“I don't...know,” he admitted.  
	“Okay.  No problem.” Oscar jotted down a few words.  “We have a B.O.L.O out on Scott.  We will find him eventually.  I just want things to go down nice and smooth.  If I have any further questions, which I probably will, I will give you a call.  ”
	“Damn it, Oscar,” Ashe swore.  “Don't put me on the sidelines.”
	“It is already done.”
	Silence.  
	Ashe wanted to swear and yell but it would do no good.  When he planted himself, Oscar Harrison was like a wall, stubborn and immovable.  But, no matter how tall or long most walls were, there was a way around them or over them.  If he had to, he might have to find a way through.
	“Ashe?”
	“What.”
	“If it helps, I don't believe that Scott did it either.  He was always a good kid,” he admitted.  “But I need to know what did happen and why Scott ran from it.  He needs to come in...soon.”
	“Are we done?” Ashe asked.
	The detective took a deep breath.  “For now...I believe.”
	Without saying goodbye to his friend, Ashe rose and exited the office.  All he wanted to do was run home and clear his head.  His thoughts were jumbled, crammed together uncomfortably.  It was a mess of worrisome ideas and troublesome notions.    
	On his way out of the police building, he pulled out his cell phone and dialed Scott's number.  A recording of his son's voice instantly greeted him.  He hung up without leaving a message.  

Chapter 5

Ashe quickly changed his mind about clearing his head at home.  It simply wouldn’t work.  His head would never clear.  And for what seemed like hours, all he was able to do was drive fast and angry with no discernible destination before him.  He circled and circled the city of Youngstown, his knuckles tight and white on the wheel, while obsessively checking his mirrors for the flashing blues and reds of an approaching police car.  He couldn't remember the last time both his car and his mind raced with that much frantic uncontrollable energy.  The last thing Ashe needed was a speeding ticket.
	Youngstown was calm and quiet, even for a night in the middle of the week.  The hush of the empty streets was the polar opposite to what was going on inside of Ashe.  He couldn't get his mind wrapped around what Oscar had told him.  
	Scott was suspected of murder.  
	His career as a forensic psychologist, in which he had many years of experience, was aimed at understanding the motivations and behaviors of people, even criminals.  And he always considered himself to be somewhat competent.  But he never thought he would have to figure out and maybe even justify the actions or suspected actions of his own son.  Never in a million years.  As a child, Scott had always been outgoing and outspoken, even from his first word, which was “no.”  Yet, no matter how outgoing and outspoken Scott had been, he had always been kind and giving and never violent or aggressive, even when he played pee-wee baseball and football.  He was always competitive, like his father, but Scott would never hurt another person.
	But that was Scott as a child...and even as a teenager.  How well did Ashe know his son as an adult, though?  There were too many possibilities and unknowns in Scott's present life for Ashe to be comfortable making any type of decision or opinion.  There was simply too much that he didn't know.  He just didn't know.  And it made him feel confused and uncertain about the innocence of his own son.  Could Scott have murdered someone?  He wanted to say no...no way…but he knew better.
	No matter how much he desired to seek out the unknowns, though, Oscar Harrison had abandoned him to the sidelines of the investigation.  Ashe had been labeled compromised and forced to witness everything through an electrical fence, with the information and clues that he needed out of his view and reach.	
	He had never been forced to the outside.  The state chose to send him the worst, most viscous criminals to assess and evaluate, trusting him to do his job, objectively and without bias.  And he did so effectively, even sometimes obsessively, for years.  He had also once stood by the side of Oscar himself through some strenuous and brutal investigations.  Side by side they had worked the cases.  But Oscar had denied him the ability to work toward finding his son.
	How dare Oscar think that he would be emotionally compromised?  
	Ashe unconsciously slowed down at a traffic light and made a swift right turn.  He immediately became aware of the street he had entered. It was dark but he was able to read the sign.  Johnston Street.  He knew the name from his memory.  Glancing to the right, he saw Youngstown State University looming against the far horizon, tall buildings against the black night sky.  They looked like giants watching from a far.  To his left, he came upon an apartment building, one in which Scott had lived in for two or more years.  It was the same building from which his son had fled, either in fear or guilt, as his roommate lay shot, bloody and dead.  The image gave the psychologist a shiver.
	He had only been to the building once or maybe twice, though he couldn't remember the meaning for the visits.  It was most likely business void of pleasure or personal regard, a fact that he at once regretted.  His subconscious must have brought him to the building, in spite of his friend's order to remain on the outside.  And his instinct must have figured a reason, a rationale that brought him to King Tower.  At that moment, Ashe understood that he would never be able to remain on the sidelines. Not when the suspect was Scott.  
	Instead of pulling into an empty parking space across the street or in front of the apartment complex, Ashe continued beyond the building and swung into the small lot of a bankrupt gas station.  He was not the only person to take advantage of the abandoned piece of asphalt, three other vehicles also used it for either permanent or temporary parking.  He slammed the maroon Mazda to a halt, causing his body to slightly jerk forward with the momentum.  It took a couple seconds for him to snatch back his breath.
	The psychologist slid slowly into the silence and shadows of closed down business.  After exiting his car, he began to walk cautiously down the road.  Hands in pockets, trying to look casual, Ashe came closer to the front of the building.  All at once he froze in place, as if suddenly turning to ice.  His eyes fell on a brown Crown Vic sitting along the road at the front of the apartment building, a figure behind the wheel.  
	“Damn,” Ashe swore.
	He should have known that Oscar would place an officer outside of Scott's building, undercover, with eyes continuously on the front set of double doors.  The officer, most likely a rookie, would have a picture of Scott and would notify Oscar if he would happen to return.  The rookie would sit there all night, watching and waiting, to be replaced by another rookie in the morning.
	It was a pointless assignment, which was why Oscar would only assign a rookie to it.  But the pointless move came from an old experience, Ashe knew.  Oscar hadn’t always appreciated surveillance, mostly because he hated to remain still.  One case had changed his mind, though.  In the middle of 2000 a fifteen year old female by the name of Claudette Janita Jones went on the run after strangling her mother to death.  After taking a few hours to speak to Claudette’s family in order to gather information about the running killer, Ashe suggested to his old friend that they leak some false information to the media, claiming that the mother had actually survived the assault and was back in her home.  Oscar wasn’t immediately convinced of the tactic, but the psychologist explained the level of hatred that the juvenile had for her mother, a hatred that had become all encompassing.  The detective never believed that the young woman would be stupid enough to return to the scene of the crime, but Ashe knew that she would never stay away while her mother still breathed.  And the psychologist had been right.  They walked right up on Claudette Janita Jones as she approached the front door of the house, a long knife held firmly in her hand. 
	But Scott would not return like that young killer.  He couldn’t say that he knew his son well, but he had been privy to Scott’s determination whenever he was trying to run.  Ashe was sure that his son was long gone and would never return to the scene of the crime.  He knew it for a fact.  After Susanne had died, Scott found his chance to run to college with scholarship in hand and never once returned to the scene.  Ashe figured that he took some comfort in the fact that his son didn't run across the country, only into Youngstown, a stone's throw away.   He just never took advantage of the proximity and reached out, at least not enough to make a difference.  At that moment he regretted it, more than ever before.  
	Still paused, Ashe considered his options.  The rookie might not know him personally, having been away from police business for quite a few years.  Oscar knew him, however, and how stubborn he could be.  His old friend quite possibly had given the rookie a picture or description of himself, as well.
	“Damn,” Ashe repeated.
	To the left was a little alleyway that seemed to lead to the other side of the apartment complex.  It appeared to circle around to the back of the building.  He wondered if there was another door.  Would that door be covered as well?  He pictured another undercover hanging around the back entrance, harmlessly on the phone or smoking a cigarette.  Once exposed to the undercover, Ashe would have nowhere to hide.  What excuse could he possible conjure up to explain his being there?
 He considered the option and the possible exposure and quickly decided to take his chances.  The psychologist took the alley with caution and careful steps. Coming to the backside of the tall building, he saw there was indeed a single back door.  
A tall gentleman wearing a dark brown hoodie stood several feet from the back door, exposed by a single light hanging from the side of the building.  Ashe froze again.  He could see the lit tip of the man’s cigarette, along with the several butts that had been discarded at the man’s feet.  More surveillance, Ashe realized.  
Ashe didn’t move for many seconds, unsure how to react.  He didn’t step forward nor did he turn back.  He was still as stone.  The psychologist watched as the man glanced in his direction.  The undercover officer gave Ashe a brief once over before turning his attention toward another direction.
A breath escaped Ashe’s lungs.  He shook the tension from his shoulders and approached the back door.  But, as he got closer to the door he noticed that it had a scanner.  A red light blinked.  It was a card reader.  And that was when he recalled that the front doors had one as well.  They were the building owner’s attempt at security.  He vaguely remembered them, proving that he had indeed been there at least once.  
	He swore under his breath.
	From the corner of his eye, Ashe watched a young couple appear, walking toward him.  Faking annoyance, he searched his pockets and wallet for an imaginary entrance card.  When the couple arrived, they were more than happy to let him in.  
How nice of them.  So much for the illusion of top-notch security.
	Once inside, he quickly made a comment to the young couple.  “Did you hear what happened?  Crazy.  Right?  My son lives in the building…on the top floor.  I’m kind of worried.  I hope he doesn’t mind me coming by so late.  I just need to know that he is okay.”
	The young lady nodded rapidly.  “I heard it was a gang hit.”
	Her boyfriend laughed.  “It wasn’t a gang hit.  That’s stupid.  Cheating girlfriend…is what I heard.  Caught her in the act.”
	They didn’t know what happened, Ashe assumed.  They were nothing but a part of the rumor river that often ran through small communities, and an apartment complex was nothing more than micro-community.  They would not be able to provide the psychologist with anything solid, anything fact based.  
When the young couple moved to the elevator, Ashe departed and rushed off toward the stairs.  He recalled that Scott lived up on the third floor, which was a lot of steps for his tired legs. Breathing heavily, he finally found himself in front of Scott's door.  A yellow crime scene banner still crisscrossed over it, like the bones on a pirate’s flag.  It was a warning.  He had long ago lost count of how many times he had been invited to venture past the borders of the yellow banner and into a crime scene.  But he had been ordered, sternly, to remain on the other side of the current one.  An order he dismissed by opening and swinging forward the unlocked door.
	He was immediately curious to why it was unlocked.  He figured there wasn't much point in locking it.  The damage had been done.  And a pair of rookies was outside watching the building.  
	Ducking beneath the yellow strands of plastic, he entered the apartment.  Closing the door behind him, Ashe was suddenly smothered in black.  He didn’t have any access to a flashlight, so he decided to pull his cell phone from his pants and use the dim light of the screen.  The undercovers wouldn't be able to notice it from the outside, like he would notice if the overhead apartment lights suddenly sprung to life.
	Scott was never the cleanest person and Ashe wasn't surprised to find the kitchen little untidy, dishes in the sink and trash protruding from the top of the garbage can.  As a young boy, his son liked to leave behind evidence of his existence, a discarded sock or candy wrapper.  He would often follow behind Scott, picking up clothes as they fell from his body.  If he had found the counter tops freshly wiped with the salt and pepper shakers labeled and evenly spaced, he might have been worried.  
	Moving the light into the living room, Ashe looked for signs of a struggle.  But he reminded himself that Owen had been shot in his bed, obviously while sleeping.  There wouldn’t be any struggle or signs of one.
	Standing in the center of the living room, he illuminated all around him, across the couch, the walls, and the floor, searching for anything out of the ordinary, something that would stand out as weird.  But there was nothing.  The couch had the expected wear and tear.  The walls were pretty much bare, except for a single cheap painting of an orange flower in a brown vase.  The carpet had a handful of stains, most likely from spilled soda or beer.  It was a bachelor pad.  Nothing more.  Nothing less.
	Sigh.
	It all seemed impersonal...lacking personality.  There wasn’t anything that represented Scott or his roommate Owen.  He needed to more than bland and boring.  He needed to find something personal.  He needed to understand who they were.  Even his own son had become a stranger that he needed to better understand.  Without that understanding, Ashe had nothing.  He looked down the hallway.  The bedroom, he considered, was always thought of as personal space, where nothing was secret, even the whips and chains hanging in the closet.  
	Using the cell phone to guide him, Ashe made his way down the hallway.  It was a short distance before the first bedroom appeared on the left, the door wide open.  The smell of blood still hung in the air, drifting from Owen's room, like thick metallic vapors.  He wasn't sure but he thought he also smelled the stench of a fired weapon.  Blood and gun powder sometimes liked to hang in the air long after the initial expulsion.   
	Ashe followed the odors into the bedroom and his eyes instantly fell upon the bed that Owen had died upon.  The blankets and sheets had been stripped away by the Crime Scene Unit, but the blood had soaked deep into the mattress, which had been left behind.  He could perfectly make out where Owen's head had laid.
	Shooting someone while they slept could have meant many things.  It could imply fear, like when an abused wife murdered her husband while he was passed out drunk.  Ashe could clearly remember a fragile lady, Tela Poling, who had been sent to his cage for assessment, after having been convicted of first degree murder.  Her complexion was pale and her frame was fragile.  The area around her eyes was forever bruised by worry, lack of sleep, along with her husband’s fist.  Outside observers might say that she had “lost it” but it was clear to him, without Tela having to utter a single word, that she was a gentle woman pushed too far.  In a moment of desperation, she had given in to fear and stabbed her husband 34 times while he slept off a two-day binge.  
	Two or three jabs hadn’t been enough.  Tela made sure that her husband was good and dead.
	Ashe had tried to put his professional two cents in on Tela's behalf.  He had gone to Oscar for advice and help.  Tela was not a killer, only a battered wife who had finally stood up for herself, desperate to make the hurting stop.  Her defense counsel had been incompetent and her own voice was never heard during the trial.  And yet, there seemed to only be dead ends down the road he tried to take.  No one had listened to what he had to say, even if he had had some good points.  He too eventually succeeded to the fact that Tela would remain in prison, her thin form rotting away.  
	There could also have been a severe disregard by the shooter for Owen as a person, which was why they killed him in his sleep, like nameless cattle.  If that was the case, the murderer would surely be either a sociopath or a psychopath.  Cold.  Calculated.  Unfeeling.
	A professional hit?  But why would anyone hire a hitter to kill a college student?  That didn't make any sense.  Unless Owen had gotten himself in deep with the wrong people, the kind of people that didn’t take being let down lightly.
	Ashe shook his head in disgust.
	Owen's room was simple.  The bed had been nothing more than a twin mattress and a box-spring on the floor.  An old television sat on top of an old stand.  The stand was wooden and slanted slightly to the right, looking ready to tumble over in a heap.  A DVD player was on the stand’s one and only shelf.  Everything was unplugged from the wall.  Ashe wondered if Owen had fell asleep watching television, which meant that it would have still been on when the YPD found the body.  
	Did they take the movie, he wandered.  Squatting down, Ashe plugged in the DVD player and pushed the EJECT button.  Out came the tray revealing a disk.  The Crime Scene Unit must not have viewed the disc to be of forensic importance.  Using only the tips of his fingers, he picked up the disk and examined the top picture.  In the picture were images of sex and sexual activities.  Owen had been watching porn.
	The fact that Owen had been watching porn could mean something but it could also mean absolutely nothing.  It would depend on how much he watched and whether or not it was an addiction.  A porn addiction could be important.  It was hard to say.  Ashe knew, from experience, that most college men were highly sexual and probably watched porn quit a lot during their free time, especially when they were alone in bed.  
	Placing the disk back in the tray, Ashe closed the player and unplugged it.  He remained squatting. That was when he noticed a sprinkling of powder alongside of the television, spread finely next to the base of the television.  The thin layer stood out under the light of the cell phone.  It was barely visible, as were the scratches across the wood of the stand, which had obviously been done by a sharp razor.  
	Owen did drugs, Ashe concluded.
	But the coke would have kept Owen awake and alert and aware that an attacker had appeared in his doorway.  The evidence of coke use was strong, but Owen could not have been using the drug before he was killed. Turning, the psychologist used his lowered position to scan the floor around the stand.  Down by the base of the stand was a gathering of green seeds, obviously that of marihuana.  He thought about picking one up to examine it closer, but he had already touched enough in the room.
	If the stench of blood wasn’t so thick about the room, Ashe might have smelled the scent of weed, telling him that Owen had been high when he fell asleep.  It was a real possibility, because cannabis often put the users to sleep, unlike those drugs found in powder form.  And Owen might have even been drunk, Ashe inferred, even though there was no evidence of alcohol, at least not in the room.  He had never searched the fridge, but there might have been alcohol.  It was, in fact, a college bachelor pad.
	Drugs might have been what got Owen shot in the back of the head.  A substance abuser or addict, if that was indeed what Owen was, cared nothing of anything but that next high, whether it came from an upper or downer.  The high was all that mattered.  Not their friends or family or themselves.  The high was their only motivation.  Owen could have possibly crossed the wrong dealer or fellow addict while seeking that next high, giving that person or group of people a need for violent restitution.  And they timed their homicide perfectly, by getting at their victim while he was passed out in bed.
	Why didn't they shoot Scott, too?  Or at least shoot at him?  He had been home when the shooting occurred and Ashe knew that his son would have reacted.  He truly didn't see Scott hiding in his room.  
	The train of thought only brought about more questions.
	Rising, Ashe went back into the hallway to search for evidence of gunfire, holes in the walls, but there were zero.  Naught.  The psychologist searched the rest of the bedroom the best he could without leaving behind any prints.  The surfaces he couldn’t help but to touch, he quickly wiped off with the base of his shirt.  There was nothing left to find in the room, nothing of substance, only some ragged clothing and additional pornographic movies.  Anything of substance or importance had been taken.  The Crime Scene Unit must not have seen any weight in the remaining items, either, which was why they had left them behind.  
	There was nothing new to discover in Owen’s personal space.  All that was left to do was go into his son's bedroom.  Maybe there would be some answers to find there.
	He hoped.
	As he crept into the room, his foot thumped hard against something on the floor.  He cursed quietly.  The object was hard and metal.  Lowering the light, Ashe saw that it was a hand weight.  Forty-five pounds of solid metal.  Another one sat nearby.  Scott was always serious about staying in shape.  He was surprised that there wasn't an entire weight bench crammed into the small bedroom.
	Stepping over the weight, Ashe began to drift the light over the room.  He could tell that the bedroom had been looked over and rummaged through, but only slightly.  The top two dresser drawers were still askew and the dresser itself had been pulled a few inches from the wall.  Scott’s mattress looked a little crooked, off center from the box spring.  
	How hard or how fast did they inspect the room?  Ashe had hoped that Oscar and the other detectives wouldn’t have torn the room asunder, because it meant that something might have been left behind.  
He came further into the room, taking in as much as his phone light would show.  On the walls were sports posters, mostly basketball, with more posters depicting the Cleveland Cavalier than any other NBA team.  Scott must have remained a loyal fan of the Cavs. 
	Ashe had always been a Celtics fan.
	Scott had played many sports growing up, baseball, soccer, football, etcetera, but Ashe knew that his son’s heart had always been with basketball.  During the last year of high school, basketball became the only sport that Scott had played, while the other sports fell to the wayside.
	On the wall Scott had also hung three framed pictures.  One was of himself in his high school basketball jersey, posing with a basketball wedged between his arm and chest.  The other was of himself standing next to his mother, his arm around her shoulder.  The last one, which was significantly bigger than the other two, was solely of Susanne, smiling wide for the camera.  Ashe couldn't help but to smirk at the sight of his wife.
	There were no other pictures in the bedroom.  None showing either friends or girlfriends.  Maybe the police had taken any other pictures, ones that might have contained possible leads in the investigation, but Ashe didn’t see any signs of where other pictures might have been placed.   
	At the right corner of the room was a narrow metal desk, on which sat a thick black laptop.  It was open.  Putting his rear end onto the black folding chair that sat in front of the metal desk, Ashe nudged the laptop and watched as the narrow screen came to life.  The background was the YSU penguin, the mascot of the college team.  The psychologist scanned what few icons were on the screen with nothing standing out.
	Ashe was far from a computer expert, but he was adequate enough to search through files and programs.  Using the wireless mouse, he opened and closed folder after folder, only finding school work, Scott’s papers and presentations.  He then double clicked an icon and tried to open up the internet browser, but instantly realized that there wasn’t any internet to connect to.  Scott must get online at the school or library, the psychologist figured, because in those days, a college student was nearly impotent without access to the World Wide Web.
Rubbing his sore eyes, Ashe turned from the laptop.  Beside the metal desk was a narrow wooden table, with what looked like clutter on the top.  Ashe moved closer to it.  But the clutter was only a group of high school sports trophies.  
He leaned in closer to admire the grouping of trophies.  That was when Ashe noticed the little black container sitting at the foot of the trophies.  For some reason, he reached in and picked up the container.  The object was only slightly longer than his thumbnail.  It looked like a miniature lipstick case, black with gold trim where the bottom and lid met.  Due to its weight, he was sure that it was empty.  
	He shook it anyway.
	“What is this?”
	He didn't understand the reason at the time, but Ashe knew he had to take the container with him.  He believed it to be important.  It didn't fit.  In that room, the empty lipstick-like container did not belong.  It was odd.  It was an anomaly, which was why he tucked it into his pants pocket anyway.  He wondered why Crime Scene had left it behind.  But he honestly didn’t fully understand why he was taking the object himself, because it would most likely as purposeless to the crime as the shiny trophies it had been sitting by.
Getting up from the chair, Ashe took a couple steps backward and his calves connected with the frame of Scott’s bed.  It caught him off guard and he almost stumbled onto the mattress.  Bracing his legs, he managed to regain his footing.  The already disturbed mattress shifted even further.  The psychologist turned around to right and noticed something peeking out from between the mattress and the box springs.
	A maroon notebook.  A journal.  It was worn and heavily handled.
	Grabbing the notebook, Ashe cradled it in his hands and began to flip through the first few pages.  And then the next tooth fell to the floor...I couldn't stop floating over the brown house...I don't know what the blue lady wanted but it wasn't good.  To an outsider or random observer, the notebook would be gibberish or random images.  Reading it over, he knew it to be a dream journal. 
 During an early undergrad psychology class, Ashe had learned about dream journals and their possible uses during treatment or therapy sessions.  Dreams have long been thought to be important, and sometimes mysterious.  He agreed with some of that statement.  Dreams were important but not all dreams.  Freud, in his day, had highly exaggerated the importance of dreams as a whole, stating that dreams were a symbolic language used by the subconscious and were important to understanding underlying urges and impulses.  Most dreams, Ashe believed, were merely remnants of the day's thoughts and events.  Unimportant.  However, reoccurring dreams could give clues to inner turmoil or troubles that the subconscious was trying to solve.  Keeping a dream journal could be helpful to identifying and recording the clues.  
And it could be interesting at the same time.
	 For most of his life, Ashe had kept a dream journal.  And he had passed along the habit to his son at an early age.  As a young boy, Scott had suffered from minor night terrors, which caused him to wake screaming in the middle of the night.  The feelings and visions of whatever was scaring him faded quickly, leaving behind nothing but mist.  Because of the quickness of the fading, Ashe began to run into Scott's room at the sound of screaming, with a notebook and pen, to try and record what his son had been seeing and feeling.  
	There had been a boy in Scott's class named Malcolm who bullied him day in and out, and Scott had been afraid of the boy, enough so that the fear crept into his dreams, scarring him even in his sleep.  Ashe was able to figure it out through the broken emotions and visions of his son's fading nightmares.
	Scott had thought the dream journal was...neat.  And, possibly thinking that the space had the power of magical concealment, he had always hid the journal underneath his mattress.  
	Holding the journal in his hands, Ashe wanted to believe there was answers it.  Just like with the night terrors, the dream journal would provide him the broken pieces in which to rebuild the whole puzzle.  Getting inside of Scott’s psyche would be an important step, even if it was only the initial step in a long, treacherous hike.
	He had been in the apartment long enough, Ashe realized.
	Turning to leave, he noticed one more thing that stopped him cold.  The bedroom door had been open and he had missed it on the way in, but on the inside of the door were two large sliding locks.  They appeared to be thick, sturdy, and expensive.  And together they could possibly stop an angry bull from charging into the room. 
	Why?  What or who was Scott trying to keep out?
	Taking a long look at the locks, Ashe gripped the journal firmly and left the bedroom and the apartment.  He paused in the hallway.  The door to another apartment sat directly across from Scott’s.  For a few seconds he stared at the doorway.  Oscar had said the neighbor from across the hall had been the one to call in the shooting.  He put his body in front of the door and decided to knock. 
	Eventually, after knocking several times, a tired looking, dark skinned young woman answered.  She looked to be around Scott’s age.  She chose to keep the door’s chain latched, providing a barrier between Ashe and herself, understandably so.
	“I’m sorry to wake you, ma’am,” Ashe began, “but I work for the Youngstown Police Department and I was wondering if I could ask you some questions about what happened in the apartment across the hall.  I would only need a couple minutes of your time.  I know you probably have to rest up for class in the morning.  I apologize for the inconvenience.”
	“I’ve already talked to the police,” the woman replied.  “And you don’t look like a cop, either.”
	“I’m not a cop, I’m a consultant,” Ashe told her.  He suddenly wished that he still had his laminated badge.  “I was sent with some follow-up questions.  I’m sorry that it had to be late.  But time is crucial.  My I get your name, please?”
	“No you may not, consultant,” the young lady remarked. “And you can ask me all the follow-up questions that you want…tomorrow…during the day.  But bring a real cop with you…if you want me to answer anything.  Goodnight.”  She then aggressively slammed the door.  
	Ash thought about knocking on other doors, to try to find any witnesses to Scott’s bolt from the building, but decided to go home instead.  He was spent.  And no one would talk to him anyway.  He did not have a badge or even his consultant laminate.  
He groaned and rubbed his tired eyes.  A seemingly normal day had turned rabid and bit him in the ass.  
	
Chapter 6

 Feeling along the wall in the dark, it took him several seconds to locate the light switch.  Flipping it, his kitchen exploded around him.  Pain shot across the surface of his eyes.  Giving his pupils a moment to adjust, Ashe waddled toward the sliver fridge, heading for either a beer or some water to wash down a pain pill.  For the second time that evening he found himself arriving at home, stressed and on the verge of a migraine.
	 He would take anything that would kill the tension building in his head...short of a bullet to the brain.  It was tempting but that would relieve a little more than just the tension.  Like gray matter.  The thought brought back images of Owen's blood soaked bed.  
	“Where the fuck are you, Scott?”  He asked the house.  But the building didn’t have a voice to answer.  It was hollow and lifeless.  The emptiness of his home had never bothered him as much as it did at that moment.  Over the years it had become his sanctuary, his fortress of solitude, so much that he had forgotten what it had been like once upon a time.  He remembered a time in the past when the walls were filled with life and love.  But no more.  It had become nothing but a tomb, a tomb that his mind pretended was his home.  
	Home.
	The house was a place for him to rest and to sleep, but it had not been a home in many, many years.  He could burn it down, Ashe told himself.  He could watch it disintegrate and return to the Earth.  He would never be able to do it, however, because the memories of his wife might burn with it.  And where would he be without the ghost of his Susanne?  Where would he be without the specter of his lost love and the mixture of pleasure and anguish that haunted him during the days of his life?  Happy?  Possibly.  But happiness is overrated, or at least that is what he often told himself.
	For a brief instant he pictured Katherine and the red of her shiny hair.  He instantly forced her image away.  He didn’t deserve the normalcy of a second date with a good looking and interesting woman.
	Pausing at the island, Ashe dropped the dream journal down on the smooth and reflective surface.  Fishing in his pocket, he found the black and gold container.  Putting it on top of the notebook, he glared at it.  Unexpectedly, he snatched the container back up and opened it.  Empty.  As he had figured.
	“What did you hold?” he asked the container, as if it would speak.
	Closing the container, he put it back on the journal and turned away.
	Opening the fridge, he ducked his head inside.  Grabbing a bottle from a shelf, he pulled a red bottle opener from a nearby drawer.  Violently, he amputated the top of the bottle. Ashe moaned lowly as the cold flow of the Sam Adams entered his throat.  Sometimes it was like drinking gold...but better.  He swallowed hard before taking another pleasurable gulp.  Using his heel to bump the fridge door closed, he flicked the beer cap toward the garbage can.  It hit the outer rim of the can and bounced upward and onto the counter top.  He walked over to the counter to properly dispose of the cap when he noticed that his answering machine once again had two messages instead of one.
	Reluctantly, he pressed the PLAY button.
	Katherine's voice sprung to life.  “Ashe?  Usually I take a man storming out on a first date as rejection.  But I will forgive you...for bailing on me in the middle of a meal.  It wasn't even the middle of the meal.  It was...pre-meal.  There is a first time for everything. And it was the first time, I hope you know.  I am a damned sexy piece of red head and men usually wait until the next morning and sneak away.  Just kidding.  I am not a whore.  I swear.”  She giggled.  “I hope your old friend was dying or something.  Or at least believed they were.”  Another cute giggle.  “Anyway.  I forgive you...once.  And once only...by damned.  You said that you would call me and I will hold you to it.  Or...something of that nature.  I am not going to stalk you or anything.  I'm not in your closet...I swear it.  This is a nice jacket, though.”  An even cuter giggle. “Call me.  In case you don’t have it my number is…Bye.”
	Ashe stopped the machine before it continued onto the next message.
	Finishing the beer, he dumped the bottle into the garbage can and flipped the light back off.  He paused to once again take in the silence of his house, his self-assembled tomb.  Some people spoke about a death rattle, the noise made by the person and their body around the time of dying.  But the actual point of death, true death, does not have a distinct sound.  There is only silence, nothingness.  That was death.  Life being replaced by nothing.  


Chapter 7

Scott was shivering and shaking, sitting on the top of a cold bench in Lincoln Park.  It was well into the night and the sky had become clear, void of any clouds.  Because there were no clouds to hold it down, any heat that the day had accumulated had risen into the clear sky and away from the ground.  It was April but it felt like winter had snuck back around.  He wished that he had grabbed a thicker coat, one with a hood to cover his iced over ears.  
	He knew it was late but refused to turn on his phone to see for sure.  It might have been 3 a.m. give or take an hour.  He felt fatigue setting into his stomach, creeping into his bones, mingled with the cold that already held residence.  He had been in the park for what might have been over an hour, but he wasn’t sure.  He would soon be moving on.  Hopefully the search had died down some, but he didn’t get his hopes up.
	Keeping his head down, Scott sat on the top of the bench with his feet hanging off the edge.  He tried his best not to attract any of the vagabonds of the homeless village.  There were many dirty and tired figures around him, lying in tattered tents, sitting on the dirt or grass, or standing near flaming metal drums, where anything burnable was being used for heat.  Some had on less clothing than Scott himself was lucky enough to have.  How could they must be.  He couldn’t imagine living life always cold.  He felt bad for them…for their daily struggle.  The lost and forgotten would do whatever they could to be close to comfortable warmth, he noticed.  He tried not to show it, but he was watching them.  Many were drunk or high, numbed to the cold. Scott could smell alcohol and weed and had seen a few needles being passed around.  
	Lincoln Park might have once been a beautiful, green piece of land, consistently populated during a sunny afternoon by parents and their children. The children might have swung or climbed the jungle-gym or dug in the shallow sandpit while their parents sat on the wooden benches, conversing or reading.  But those days were long gone. The swing set had become swing less. The jungle-gym was slowly crumbling, its wood disappearing back into the dirt.  And the sandpit was nothing but mud. The sunny afternoons were no more.
	Luckily for Scott, he only intended the park to be a pit stop, a moment to get off the streets and hide.  He hadn't quit made it out of Youngstown, because he had to halt and gather his nervous, bouncing thoughts.  The cops were out in full force, spotlighting dark alleys and crevasses, looking for a hole that Scott might be hiding in.  If he didn't know the town and hadn’t managed a head start, he might have been picked up hours ago.  But he had to pause his running.  His legs were tired, his thoughts were scattered, and he wasn't sure what to do next.  
	What was his next move?  
	For the moment, Scott felt safe, at least safe from the police.  They wouldn't walk into Lincoln Park after dark without back-up and shotguns unless they had a death wish.  Which a lot of police officers seemed to possess, Scott admitted.  He had known several of them that didn’t come across as being too bright when it came to danger, as if they lacked the instinct to keep themselves alive. 
	He suddenly felt a little less safe.  
	There was a part of him that wanted to turn himself in, to plead and beg for them to understand.  But without proof, he would seem crazy.  Without facts, he would never see daylight again.  His own father would even view him as being confused, off the deep end, without any evidence pointing in another direction, illuminating another possibility.  
	Scott wondered if his dad had noticed the clues that were left for him.  He knew that the hope was slim because the objects might not immediately stand out to his father…or to Oscar.  But he had to have faith that his dad’s mind would look close at each piece of evidence left behind, including the clues. Maybe his father was already chasing down the truth.  Maybe he was even running down the street as that very second.
	Maybe.  But Scott actually hoped against his father finding him so soon, because there was still so much to do.  Dr. Ashe Walters would have to remain a few steps behind for the time being, following his own path while Scott dug his way forward out of the cold, hard ground.  
	The truth behind the curtain could be hard to fathom, almost impossible to believe in unless solid facts were in hand.  His father would accept anything that he could touch and examine.   But it was real.  Scott would have to make sure that he had the proof he needed to make Oscar and his father see it for themselves.  Seeing absolutely was believing.  He knew that more than ever before.  And even his scientific-minded father couldn't push aside the truth if he were able to set his eyes directly on it.
	Bam was the key.   
	Bam had access to the proof.
	Scott closed his eyes tight again.  Far away, the dead man with the bloody halo floated in the dark distances of his brain.  The macabre dance was stopping, becoming a memory.  The only death that he could clearly see in his mind was Owen's shattered skull.  He couldn't help but to feel bad, even sorry, about his roommate and sometimes friend.  But Owen had been a junkie and unstable, and it was kill or be killed.  
	He had simply replaced one dead body with another.  Or so he told himself.  What he had done was entirely…human.  Anyone with a rational mind and the knowledge that he had should respect his choice.  But the police would never believe his reasoning.  The only dead man they had seen had been Owen.  That was the only death that mattered to them.  It was not self-defense to them...it was murder...and Scott was a murderer who needed to be put down, like a dog who had gotten a taste of human blood.  
	He had to get to Bam and proof, before Oscar Harrison and Ashe Walters got to him.
	Sliding from the bench, Scott slowly, cautiously, and quietly began to make his way across Lincoln Park.  At the far side of the park was an old baseball diamond, which had long been overgrown with grass and weeds. There once had been a tall metal fence sitting around the diamond, but all that was to be seen were metallic bones. While sitting and observing, he had noticed an occasional group enter and leave the beaten down wooden dugout box.  Drug deal?  Bathroom break?  Sex?  He didn’t want to know, especially since the group always consisted of only men.
 Scott set his sights on the abandoned baseball diamond and circled around a group of men and headed across the expanse of field in that direction.  He would cut across and leave the park on the opposite side from which he had come, unnoticed, or at least that was the plan.
	Two men with dark faces, wearing dark t-shirts came into view from dark places, and Scott couldn't for the life of him figure out where they had come from.  They were just…there.  And in the hands of the taller of the men was what looked like a common steak knife, black handle and steel blade.  But the way the blade caught a glint of pale moonlight, Scott knew it had a purpose more than that of a common kitchen utensil.
	Scott stopped as the two men moved in front of him.
	“That is a nice coat,” the taller man stated.  “Looks kinda warm.”
	“Looks warmer than it is, to be honest,” Scott blurted, faking a slight shiver.  He then rubbed his hands down the length of his arms in order to nail the act.  The truth was that he was proud of his leather YSU Penguins coat.  It had taken him nearly a year to save up for it.  It had his name on it along with a few patches he had earned on the court.  Outside of his team jersey, his leather jacket his most prized possession.  
	“You mind if I try it on?” the taller man asked, holding the knife so that the blade was pointing at the sky.  “I'm a little cold.  You know.  Winter hadn’t quit left us, yet.  Know what I mean?”
	Scott could feel the bulge of the gun in the coat’s pocket.  The last thing that he wanted to do was give up either his jacket or his gun, but things seemed to be going sour, rapidly and unexpectedly.  He should have stopped at the park.  He hung out for far too long with lower levels of humanity.  What to do?  He took a second to let his mind process.  
	He knew that they were planning to take the leather jacket and leave him lifeless.  The intentions of the two men were clear.  Could he avoid the coming confrontation?  Should he attempt an elusive departure?  He could break into a sudden sprint and most likely outrun both of them.  Or not.  The two men looked to be in shape.  Or maybe they were just thin from being on the streets.  Scott could not size them up because of their soiled, baggy clothing.
	Scott did not want to spill anymore blood, but he couldn't believe how quickly he was back in the same type of situation.  Kill or be killed.  Self-defense.  And he didn't see it coming.  How could he have?  It would have to have happened twice.  Could it happen twice?  Could it happen repeatedly?  How?  Why?  And to what end?  To have that happen, would make someone a god or godlike.
	Bam would know.
	Bam was there at the beginning.
	“Are you dumb or something?” the shorter man asked.  He didn't seem to be carrying a knife.  But Scott didn’t know for sure.  The seemingly unarmed thug might be hiding something in his pocket, something more dangerous than a knife, something similar to what was in Scott’s own pocket.  “My man here...likes your coat.  Quit being rude and let him try it on.  Doesn’t he deserve a little warmth?”  The shorter man had been slowly easing himself to Scott's side while the taller man remained in front.  It was movement Scott had missed.  Being tired was making it hard to focus and think.   It was a mistake Scott should not have made.  He was becoming flanked.
	“Okay,” Scott agreed.  “Okay.  It is getting a tiny bit small on me anyway.  First, let me take my belongings out of the pockets.”  Before the men could react, he had the pistol out and was aiming it at the taller man, the one with the knife.  
	“Hold on, man!” the taller man exclaimed, his tune instantly changing.  “I was just admiring that leather coat of yours.  That is all.  That maybe I could wear for a second.  I love YSU.  I am a big Penguins fan, my man.”
	“I thought you might like my gun a little more,” Scott replied.  “It is shinier than that knife of yours.”
	“Just having a misunderstanding is all,” the taller man assured him, but Scott refused to lower his gun.  He put his finger on the trigger and gripped it tight enough to be ready to fire at any moment.  He tensed his arm and prepared for possible recoil from the fired weapon.  “Me and my boy here...like us some basketball.” the taller man continued. “Is all.  Isn’t that right…Trevor.”
	Scott was too slow to react when the man to his rear rushed forward, throwing his shoulder into Scott's side.  The hit caused Scott's hand to clench up on the trigger firing the weapon in the direction the barrel had been aimed.  It could have shot wide but it didn’t.  The same instant that a bullet took the man with the knife square in the chest, leaving him gasping for whatever air could sustain his punctured lung, Trevor and Scott went tumbling to the ground.
	Scott landed on his back and held on tight to the butt of the pistol, using his free hand to punch at Trevor, who had landed on top of him.  The first punch missed but the second swing landed against the ebony skin of the man’s cheek.  Scott heard the man groan and immediately thought about a follow up blow, but the dark skinned man quickly wrapped his hands around Scott’s throat and squeezed down tight.  Scott felt his breath get trapped inside his throat.  His mind began to fog up and his vision began to blur.  Scott knew, however, that choking someone was always a desperate move, showing him that Trevor didn’t have anything to resort to besides desperate methods.  Trevor definitely did not have a weapon anywhere on him or else he would be trying to use it. 
 Scott tried to focus.  He was the only one with a gun.  And as long as the piece of deadly design remained in his grip, he had the control.  Instead of punching again with his free hand, he tried to position the gun against the Trevor’s head.  The thug felt the barrel brush against his temple and withdrew a hand from Scott’s throat to swat at the pistol. The gun was immediately knocked away from Scott's obviously loosened grasp, tumbling away from the grappling pair. 
Trevor watched it fall and at once began to scramble for it, but Scott was stronger and managed to quickly scramble across the ground and trip up the man by grabbing a hold of his ankle.  Using his upper body strength, Scott managed to pull the man back his direction, away from the gun.  After gaining a tight hold on the man’s leg and dark clothing, Scott tangled Trevor up.  Scott was then able to get level with the dark man’s backside in order to administer a reverse bear hug.  Frantically trying to get to the gun, the dark thug responded by sinking his teeth into Scott's arm.  The teeth went in deep.  Surprised, Scott's hold slacked and Trevor was able to squirm his way free.
	Instead of trying to grapple the man again, Scott quickly sprang to his feet with a back handspring, something he learned and perfected during basketball practice.  As Trevor reached the gun, but before he fully had the weapon in hand, Scott struck him hard with the tip of his tennis shoe.  He kicked him a second time in the chest and felt a rib fracture, forcing the thug to cry out in pain.
	Taking the gun, Scott considered his options.  The man was injured and no longer posed a threat.  But the thug would be a threat to someone else down the line.  He needed to kill him before he hurt or killed someone else stupid enough to pass by or even stop at the park.  He was conflicted but only for an instant.  After that instant had gone, Scott shot the man twice in the face, guaranteeing his demise. 
 Running over to the other man, he looked down and watched the dying man’s struggled gasps, which failed to bring oxygen fully into the injured lung.  Scott felt slight pity for the wounded assailant, whatever his name might have been.  There wouldn’t be any ambulance coming the man’s way, no savior to the rescue.  The thug was dead as soon as Scott’s bullet hit him.  He just wasn’t going peacefully.  He shot him in the head, rather than letting his attacker continue to suffer slowly and painfully.  It was the only help that he could offer.
	 “Fuck!  Shit!  God damn it!”  Two more dead bodies that the police would never see as self-defense, he admitted.  Unless.  Scott put down the gun and took off his coat, while eyeing the newly formed spots of wet crimson.  He knelt down next to the man he had just killed and forced the coat onto him.  
Colder than ever, he turned and ran across the remaining length of the park.  He did not reacquire the handgun but let it lay.  He didn't want the weapon anymore.  It brought nothing but death, which, as Scott knew, was its reason for existing.  The police would match the bullets to all three victims in time anyway.  He chose to save them the effort and manpower.  
They should thank him for taking the time to consider their needs.  No.  How foolish to consider such a thing.  They would simply continue to hunt him.  Fine.  Besides, there was another reason to leave his belongs on and near to the dead thugs.  They were, in fact, thugs and they might be known by the police.  Having his jacket would possibly show robbery, self-defense. It was slim but he had to try.  Also, leaving the Ruger behind would inform his trackers that he was unarmed and no longer dangerous, possibly getting the trailing officers to lower their own guns as well, or at least getting them to momentarily pause before they try to fire them in his direction.  
	As he arrived at the other side of the park, coming out next to a broad street, Scott realized that he had gotten rid of his gun but he had his cell phone in his pocket.  It was still turned off.  He thought about using it to call Bam, but promptly decided against it.  It could possibly be traced, which was why it had remained off.  He jogged across the broad street, watching out for any traffic, seeing none.  He would take it apart and discard it in some random trash can along his long route.  It would be one less trail for the police to follow.  
He did have to find some form a phone, though.  There was no way he could run all the way to Bam.  He would never make it before sunrise, that moment when a ball of lit up the world and exposed the sneaking creatures.  
It took Scott nearly another twenty minutes of slipping along the nearly empty streets before he found what might have been the last remaining payphone in the city.  He was surprised that any remained.  They were like dinosaur bones, remnants of an era that existed before cellular capability.
	 He picked up the receiver and found it sticky.  He kept it an inch from his skin and deposited the few coins he had on him.  While keeping his eyes on the street and any possible law enforcement presence, he dialed Bam’s number.  After several rings, she answered the call and her voice was the sweetest nectar Scott had ever experienced.
	

Chapter 8

Sleep had been no friend to Ashe.  His dreams, whenever he was able to fall into a deep enough sleep to have them, had been filled with images of Owen, lying dead in his bed, his skull blown out from the back.  There hadn’t been any sensations in the dream except for sight and Ashe seemed to be viewing the death from the doorway of the bedroom, as an observer afraid to pierce the barrier.  As he peered into the bedroom, he saw that everything, the bed, the ceiling, the floor, and the walls were covered in blood.  However, the blood was not crimson.  It was a light blue.  The blue blood was everywhere and it almost resembled the beginning of a clear, cloudless sky.  
	Death never created a clear blue sky in its wake, he was sure.  
	Scott had never entered the dream, either as witness or killer.  Even in his dream, Ashe was uncertain of his son's role in the shooting.
	Due to the restless sleep and bright blue dreams, the psychologist found himself in his cage, pulled up to his desk, at 6:12 A.M., which was slightly over an hour earlier than his day usually begun.  Massaging his temples, he tried to rub away the sleepiness so that he could focus.  Sitting on the desk was Scott's dream journal, opened to the third page.  Next to the journal was a tiny notebook.  If, while reading through the journal, anything jumped out at him as possibly being important, Ashe could write it down.  
	Three pages in and Scott had written nothing but strange images and fragmented recollections.
	...watched myself from above, leaving the white house from the front door.  I walked around the left side of the house.  As soon as I went around the corner, a dim, dark figure also came out from the front door of the house, following me.  The figure wasn't fully there.  It was barely visible.  I don't know why it was following me around the white house, but I don't think it meant me harm.  At least not yet.  It was watching and waiting.  This isn't the first dream.  Always the white house and dark figure.  What if the figure is death, following me from a safe distance.  What will happen when it decides to catch up to me?  I can't say for sure...
	The journal did not contain any times or dates, so Ashe had no idea how old any of the entries were.  They could be days or years old.  The thought frustrated him.  But he kept the journal opened and read on to the next page.
	...blue lady laughing.  Blue lady dancing.  Blue lady...
	The journal should not be years old, he found himself sure.  It was barely over half-way filled.  Scott had begun writing down his dreams when he was young and, even if he threw them out along the way, there should have been more than one journal hanging around.  Where were the other journals?  Where were they?  Did Scott throw them away?  The other ones most likely didn't matter, anyway, because the one in front of Ashe appeared to be the most recent.  And the most recent journal would hold the answers, he hoped.
	For a moment, Ashe leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes.  Jerking back forward, he pulled the small black and gold container from the pocket of his slacks.  The little piece of plastic was a true enigma.  It looked like a lipstick container, but obviously held no actual lipstick.  It was a container, but it was too small to hold most things.  
	What was inside of it?
	Ashe opened the container and tried to peer inside.  Tilting it in slow circles, he tried to get some light to fall into the opening.  Finally finding the right angle, the above light revealed what appeared to be a thin, barely noticeable cluster of white powder at the bottom.  It was barely there.  
	Drugs?  Ashe wondered.  Could drugs be the main factor in everything?
	Closing the container, he placed it in the spine of the journal.
	A cup of coffee steamed nearby, the aroma of the caffeinated beverage filled the small room.  Taking the white dome lid off of the cup, he sat and enjoyed the aroma.  He never allowed sweetener or creamer to touch his coffee…it took away the bite of the drink.  Whenever he drank coffee, Ashe needed the bite.
	He took an easy sip.  The sip stung his tongue, but he took another one immediately after.
	Opened and pushed to the side of his desk, a laptop chirped.  The tone was a beep, short and sweet, letting Ashe know that he had received a new email.  Making sure that his cup of coffee was out of the way, he quickly pulled the thin black laptop over to him.  Maybe it was a message from Oscar, an update of some kind on his son's case.  Perhaps Scott had been located.  No.  If Oscar had found anything new, especially Scott, he would not use an informal email.  Oscar would have called.
	The email was from Warden Chase.  The warden was a workaholic after his own heart and Ashe was not surprised to have a message from her at an early hour.  Sometimes he even questioned whether or not the warden ever actually went home, or even had a home outside of the prison. Maybe there was a secret bedroom connected to the warden's office, one where she slept and bathed, never having to leave the premises.  That might be why the warden could be found in her office or roaming a nearby hallway at all hours of the day and night.  
	Ashe sighed lowly. What could she want?  He wondered.  The title of the message was a simple word.  GRUB.  He immediately opened it. 

Dr. Walters—
	Your request has been approved.
		--Chase

 The message was simple like a twig but as heavy a tree trunk.  The psychologist couldn’t help but to smile.  After reading the email, Ashe suddenly vaulted from his desk and headed out of his cage.


Chapter 9

On the other side of the prison was Solitary Confinement, often referred to as The Lonely Mile.  The stretch was much less than a true mile, but when a person was standing and taking it in, it seemed much longer than a single mile.  The section of the prison was a single narrow hallway, lit around the clock by fluorescent lights, which glared off the pale linoleum, causing the white floor to seem to glow at night. The walls were tan and lifeless.  On both sides of the hall were blue doors, made of thick, solid steel.  A single slot was at the center of each door, long and wide enough to slide in a tray of food.  
	Ashe was aware of the stigma that often accompanied the idea of Solitary Confinement, most of which were not entirely true.  Even though he had been on the mile numerous amount of times, he sometimes found himself picturing jagged stone cells, lightless and rat ridden, where men were thrown to rot and starve, while rats scampered in and out of holes.  But places like Alcatraz were returning to the dirt, crumbling slowly to the ground.  The days of throwing men in the hole were long gone. And justly so.
	Ashe stood peering down the hallway, viewing it from the other side of the locked entrance, which was a door made with thick steel bars and unbreakable locking mechanisms.  Waving his hand impatiently, Ashe motioned to the camera above the doorway once more.  He waved it two more times, hoping to get someone's attention in the security office.  The sound of footsteps grabbed his attention and he turned to see Matt Cummings walking up to the other side of the locked bars.  Matt was a young man, employed at the prison for barely a year.  Yet, the psychologist knew the man on sight.  It was not by choice.  It was because many of inmates that Ashe treated as patients found themselves, at one point or another, sitting on The Lonely Mile.
	Ashe rarely trusted young men like Matt, due to the usually found inexperience and lack of plain old maturity.  It was nothing personal against the youth of the nation.  They were simply raised to be spoiled and selfish.  But the young guard had proven himself over the past year to be competent, sensible, hardworking, and thorough in his job. Ashe felt a sense of respect for the young man.
	 Matt was smiling apologetically and told Ashe, “Sorry for the wait, Dr. Walters.  I was cleaning up in the bathroom after an...issue.”  
	Ashe noticed that Matt's right sleeve was rolled nearly to his elbow.  A brown rectangular bandage was stretched across a section of his forearm.  Tiny specks of blood could still be seen on the edges of the bandage.
	“It's quit all right,” Ashe replied, adjusting his brown tie.  “I know all about...issues.”
	Matt chuckled.  “I bet you do, sir.”  Removing his badge, which was clipped on his shirt pocket, the young man passed it over a blinking red sensor.  The sensor turned green.  Before the sensor could turn back to red, the young guard opened the barred gate to let Ashe inside.  “Welcome back to The Lonely Mile, sir.”
	Once inside, Ashe paused at the mouth of the hallway.  He spread out his arms and widened his stance.  Matt immediately began to pat down the psychologist.
	“You don't need to do this every single time, you know,” Ashe joked.
	“It's procedure, sir,” the guard replied.  “I could pull out the wand, if you like.”
	Ashe faked a shiver.  “No thank you.”
	They both laughed.
	“You really think that I would try to sneak something in?” Ashe asked.  “Break someone out?  Shank someone in the room?”
	Finishing the rub and tickle, Matt said, “You could try to smuggle in a dildo or anal beads.”
	The psychologist nearly choked on his breath.  “This part of the jail is male only.”
	“My comment still holds.”
	They both laughed again.
	“I figure that you are here to see Grub,” Matt assumed.  “For whatever it is worth, Grub is an okay guy.  For whatever it is worth.  You know what I mean?”
	“I do.”
	For a couple seconds, Ashe thought about the implications of agreeing with that statement. Grub, by all normal legal standards, had been proven to be a terrible man, deemed unworthy to be among civilized human beings. Yet, he conceded with the young guard’s statement nonetheless.  
	Sighing quietly, he pointed down the hall, “Same room?”
	The young guard nodded, holding up six of his fingers.
	“Thanks.  Go ahead and hit the button when I am there?”
	“Can do, boss,” Matt agreed, turning and entering a nearby door that would take him into the security office.
	Without another word, Ashe wandered down to Grub's room.  The door was plain, blue, and seemingly harmless.  Being plain did not always mean harmless, a fact in which Grub himself would be an example.  Glancing over his shoulder, he nodded toward the security office the exact moment the electronic locks disengaged.  Ashe grabbed the solid steel door handle and pulled the door open.
	He thought of Scott's dream journal and the ghostly figure of death following his son around the white house.  A real shiver touched his skin.  Death was indeed following his son, wherever he could be.  Death was circling him along with the YPD, led by an old family friend. It seemed ironic. Which was more dangerous?   Death?  Or Oscar Harrison?
	Once the door was fully outward, Ashe went into the isolation room and greeted Grub. He pulled the door closed. “Hello, Grub.  How are you this morning?”
	The bulky bodied inmate was squeezed into a petite desk, one that resembled the same type of uncomfortable metal and wooden thing that had once been used by the psychologist during High School.  It was one of the few pieces of furniture that each isolation cell had.  Grub was hunched over a picture, a crayon in hand.  The man had only been in the cell for a few days, but there were already several colored pictures stuck to the usually bare walls.  There were pictures of Mickey Mouse, Dora the Explorer, and a group of characters that Ashe did not recognize off hand
	Coloring calmed Grub.  And for such a simple art form, if it can be called art, Grub was indeed an artist.  Using the crayons, he didn't just add color to the outlined images.  Grub added texture and quality to the blank, lifeless pictures, whether it was cartoon characters or scenes in nature.  It was somewhat amazing what Grub can do with a kid's toy.
	Hearing the greeting, Grub raised his head.  He looked a lot older than Ashe knew him to be.  Wrinkles and worry lines covered his face, giving it the depth of old age.  Grub couldn't remember his exact birth year and his parents were deceased, obviously unable to give any information.  But through a long and frustrating investigation, Ashe was able to locate a birth certificate.  
	Grub was 23 years old.  And looked 40.  He was born Arnold Buford.  Grub was a nickname that his parents had given him as a child, because he would pull grubs from the dirt and eat them.  Or at least that was how Grub remembered it.  He always laughed whenever he told that story.  It was one of the few good memories of his parents.
	“I am good this morning,” Grub answered.  He followed it with a childish giggle, adding, “I was hoping you were a lady.”
	“Why do you hope that I was a lady?” Ashe asked, concerned.
	“I wanted to look at your boobs,” he replied, immediately lowering his eyes.  “I'm sorry.  I should not...say that.”
	“That was inappropriate.  Right?”
	“Yes,” Grub acknowledged, lowering his head.  “In…appropriate.”
	“Would you like me to sit with you?” Ashe asked, motioning to the spare chair.  
	Grub nodded giving Ashe permission to pull the only other chair in the room away from its usual spot on the wall. Ashe placed the chair directly across from Grub.  During their sessions, the psychologist always sat across from Grub, at eye level, instead of behind a desk.  As an equal.  Face to face, instead of from behind a desk.   If Grub felt insecure or judged in any way, he would never say a word.  And there was a lot about Grub that needed to be heard.  He just needed someone to look past the label of Mentally Disabled Monster and listen to what he had to say.
	“What are you coloring?” Ashe asked.  “Can I take a look?”
	“Sure,” he replied, his eyes lighting up.  Holding up the picture, “It's a dragon flying in the sky.”
	The psychologist studied the blossoming picture, the partially imbued outline.  Grub had a difficult time with emotions, the ones that were complex, hard to both interpret and communicate.  A lot of the time those types of feelings came through what he chose to color.  A good day involved pages filled with fluffy white clouds, cartoon animals, and seemingly endless fields of grass.
  Ashe asked, “Why do you want to color a dragon?  Aren't dragons…bad?  Scary?”  
	“Yea,” Grub answered.  “Dragons are mean.”
	“Why are you coloring something mean instead of nice?”
	“I don't know.”
	“Is there someone being mean to you?”
	“No,” Grub replied.  “Everyone is nice.  You are nice.”
	“I'm glad people are being nice, Grub,” Ashe declared and smiled.  “You would tell me if anyone is mean to you, right?”	
	“Yes.”
	Grub was often on the Lonely Mile.  However, it was not always due to his own actions but that of others.  He was an easy target, prone to manipulation and victimization, often used as a scapegoat by other prisoners.  
	“Good,” Ashe said.  “I am glad.”  Thinking over his words, he continued, “Do you want to be mean to someone else?  You know you can tell me…right?  You can always tell me…everything…Grub.  Do you remember when I told you that?  Remember when I said that we are friends?”
	“Best buds,” Grub happily concurred.
	“That is right,” Ashe said.  “Are you feeling…anger…friend?”
Grub shook his head.  “No,” he replied.  “No anger.”
	“Promise?”
	“Yes,” Grub responded before breaking eye contact to look back down at his picture.
	“Pinky?” the psychologist asked, flipping out a little finger.
	The inmates head jerked back up.  He sat the crayon and extended his own short digit.  “Pinky.  Pinky.  I like blue dragons.  They are cool.”
“They are pretty cool,” Ashe agreed.  “I have some good news for you, Grub.  Would you like to hear some good news?  I know that I am glad to give some good news this morning.  Would you like to hear it?”
	“Yes.”
	“Your transfer had been approved,” Ashe told him.
	The transfer that Ashe informed Grub about was around two years in the making, since the moment that Grub had finally spoken to him about his parents, with pain and disgust in his child-like eyes.  Using his simple words, Grub told a story, which opened the flood gates for many, many similar narratives, each one making the hairs on Ashe's arm stand up.  
	The first story was about Grub's sister, Norma, which was two years younger than him, from what he could remember.  He remembered vividly his sister's face, small, young, and bewildered, while her own father tied her to the headboard of a bed.  Grub watched it, also confused.  He told Ashe that his father mentioned that he wanted to teach his son all about sex, along with what a woman's role was.  Taking off the young girl's clothes, the drunken, abusive father forced Grub, who was 11 years old, to rape his own sister, while his mother watched obediently from the back of the room.
	Grub's father taught him many other lessons during his childhood, many that followed him into his adult life.  He was taught to take what he wanted from a woman, especially when it came to sexual pleasures.  He was in charge and a woman should always give him whatever he wanted whenever he wanted it.  He was the man.  And he was the boss.
	At the age of 21, Grub was convicted of 13 accounts of savage sexual assault, with one of the victims barely surviving.  The EMTs saved the young girls life, but no doctor could save her sight.  The attacks were brutal, committed by a violent and sadistic criminal.  The young victims were abducted near their schools.  They were always bound to a bed, hands and feet.  After two days, the victims were simply dumped, clothed and alive, along the side of a busy road, a place where they were sure to be discovered.  The victims were always young girls, prepubescent and dirty blonde, resembling what Grub’s sister had looked like as a child.  
	Grub’s parents were long deceased.  He couldn’t for the life of him recall what had become of his sister.  And Ashe had searched for her, but was unable to turn any recent leads to her possible whereabouts.  It was as if she had disappeared from the Earth.  Or that her own father had eventually grown tired of his toy and tossed her into the trash.  
	Competency to stand trial was never questioned, even though Grub was obviously disabled. Also, the insanity defense was never raised. He was merely treated as a sick and twisted pervert.  The trial was swift, ending with sentence of twenty-five to thirty-five years at a federal prison.
	“How do you feel about that?” Ashe asked Grub.  
	“I don't know,” he honestly replied.  “Where will I go?”
	“Like I told you before,” Ashe began, “I want you to go to the Cleveland Mental Health Facility.  You don't belong here, Grub.  You don't belong in a place like this.  This place is not for people like you.”
	“But...I'm a bad guy,” Grub admitted.  “This place is for bad guys.”
	“You're not the same...” Ashe began but had a hard time continuing.  Grub would never understand why he was different.  He had committed brutal crimes against young innocent girls, for which he was obviously remorseful.  He would pay for them, a fact in which Ashe was fine with.  He would not escape his punishment.  
	But Grub was also a victim, just like the girls.
	Cleveland Mental Health was far from a resort, but it was better than Wilson.  Grub was not being punished for life and his sentence would eventually end. He needed to be in a place where a group of experts would be focused on treating him, instead of a single psychologist with his hands tied by prison rules and regulations.  Everything that his father had taught him, everything, had to be undone, unlearned, or Grub, even if Ashe didn't want to admit it, was a lost cause...a victim beyond saving.  
	“When?” Grub asked.
	“Tomorrow,” Ashe replied.  “I am here to go over what is going to happen,” he further clarified, “so that you are not confused when the time comes.  A van is going to come to the prison at 3:30 in the afternoon to pick you up.  There are going to be two men and they are going to have guns.  Don’t worry, though, they are going to be nice guys.  They have guns because their boss makes them.  You are going to sit in the back and it might be a little scary, but it’ll be fine.  You will be fine.  The two guys are going to take you to your new home, where you will have your own room and all the crayons you want.”
	The psychologist closely observed how the inmate reacted.
	“It's going to be okay.” Ashe took a breath.  “I have a lot of friends there, Grub.  Like Dr. Sanjay Sheth. He is a good, kind man and will take care of you.  I promise you.”
	 “Will you come with me?”
	Ashe was caught off guard by the question.  With everything going on with Scott he wasn’t sure how to answer.  No.  That was wrong.  He knew exactly how he needed to answer.  “Yes.  I will go with you. Grub.  Pinky.”
	“Pinky,” was his reply. “Can I get better crayons there?  These ones suck big time.”
	Ashe laughed.  “They do suck.”  Standing, he extended his hand.  With the gentleness of a child, Grub shook it.  “If you need anything when you are there, you have someone call me.  Okay?  Okay?”
	“Yes.”
	Turning to leave, Ashe couldn't help but to believe the transfer of Grub to be a victory.  A small one. Rare in Wilson. But he would take whatever he could get.  

Chapter 10

The warden's office was the next logical step in Ashe's morning venture.  Warden Chase had had a crucial hand in Grub's transfer.  She had acted as Ashe’s liaison when it came to dealing with the powers-that-be.  She had conversed with the key people.  She had shaken the right hands.  And she had whispered in the right ears.  She had stuck her neck out, more than once, because she had faith in Ashe's expert opinion.  
	In spite of popular beliefs, due to movies and television, where most popular beliefs tend to give birth, the warden of a prison is not God or a god in the facility.  They also have bosses to answer to, like the state government.  And the state government was often a difficult branch to bend, stern and stubborn against the strongest winds.  
	Even though she was not a god, Ashe was often glad to have Warden Chase on his side.  The alliance had come in handy a few times during his time at the prison.  
	The door to the warden's office was always closed but never locked.  Ashe paused in front of it.  He always had a habit finding himself in front of many types of closed doors, he realized, especially at the current moment.  Some locked.  Some not.  Some sealed.  Some not.  He had long ago found himself in the habit of going through the multitude o closed doors, locked or not, sealed or not, sometimes even though he was told, with no uncertainty, to keep out.  The doors to a crime scene.  The doors of the mind.  Many, many other types of doors.  One day, he figured, he might find himself going through a door that he damned sure better have stayed out of.  And then he remembered that he had already found that door.  It had been the door that had led him to Steven Reynolds.  
	Before he could knock, Ashe heard a voice call for him to come in.  Warden Chase must have seen his shape moving through cloudy glass of her office door.  “You can come in, Dr. Walters.  Didn't expect to see you so soon,” she said, sounding as professional and dominant as she could muster.  “Now come and sit your cute booty down and tell me how awesome we both are.”  
She then laughed.
	Warden Chase was petite, yet her personality stood taller than most men. She was obviously overcompensating, Ashe had concluded upon their first meeting, because she was a small woman in the world of prisons, the realm of masculinity and aggression.  She felt the need to be louder than any man or else she would never be fully heard or respected.  Her hair was a dark black and it was always in a tight ponytail.  She never wore skirts, only dark slacks.  If she was not his boss, Ashe may have thought her laugh and obviously flirting to be attractive.  He considered the idea.  Perhaps he had found another door in which he would never cross the threshold.  
	Would not or could not?
	“Did you just come from Grub's cell?” she asked.
	“Yea,” Ashe replied, sitting down in a chair on the other side of her desk.  “Got here early.  Couldn't sleep.”
	“Sleep?  If you’re having a hard time sleeping, I know the perfect remedy.”  Warden Chase laughed again.  “How is Grub?  The Lonely Mile treating him well?”
	“Better than Han would be treating him if he were still in Population,” Ashe replied.  “I would ask you to for another session with that man, if I didn't already know how the last session ended.” With a baseball bat to the head.  “There is no helping that guy.  True and honest psychopath.  I am just glad to get Grub out of his cross-hairs.”
	“How did Grub take the news?  Is he glad to be getting transferred?”
	Ashe thought about it.  “He took it the same way he takes any news…with child like confusion.”
	“And your still sure that this is the right move?” she asked.
	“Absolutely,” he replied.  “I have no doubt in my mind.”
	“Good enough for me,” she resolved.  
	He considered ending the conversation, leaving the office, and going about his day, but he consistently and nearly religiously thought about Scott.  He thought about the journal.  And he thought about the thin dusting of powder that he noticed at the bottom of the black and gold container, which might be residue from some kind of drug.
	Drugs can make the brain malfunction in many different ways, the psychologist knew.  There were certain types of drugs which were designed specifically to make a person change their behavior, sometimes in such extremes that the person became someone totally different.  These drugs were both legal and illegal, dispensed by both drugs dealers and psychiatrists.  
Had drugs changed Scott?
	“I need to talk about a couple of other things, while I am here,” Ashe told Warden Chase.
	She perked up at her desk.  “Hit me.”
	“I need to make some changes to my first two appointments,” he replied.  
	“How so?”
	“I am supposed to have a session with Kentucky Jim in about 20 minutes,” Ashe began, “but I think it should be rescheduled two weeks from now.  He is doing real well at coping with his anxiety...to the point that he hasn't had any kind of outbursts for a few months.  There is no need to see him so frequently any more.  Once a month should be alright...for the time being.”
	Warden Chase must have already had a blank piece of paper on her desk, because she immediately began to jot things down.  She paused and simply said, “Okay.”
	 “As for Foxy,” he continued.  “I mean...Ms. Taneesha Jones.”
	“What about her?” the warden asked, failing to hide smirk.
	“You need to consider contracting from outside of the prison to take over her case,” Ashe continued.  “And then maybe you should seriously consider my request for another on site professional...female, to take over the female population of the prison.”
	“The higher-ups are still considering the request,” she replied.  “They mumbled something about finding money in our pathetic budget.  The women of this institution too much for you to handle, Dr. Walters?”
	He sighed.  Years ago, back when Ashe was still dividing his time between the prison and consulting with the YPD, there was more than just a single forensic psychologist working.  The prison had two part-time mental health professionals who answered to a lead on-sight psychologist, Dr. Hadmira.   Ashe was one of those part-time employees, along with a woman psychologist, Dr. Jennifer Goodwin.
	He didn’t go full-time at the prison until Susanne’s death.  After his wife’s murder he decided that the catacombs of that particular stone prison would make a fine final resting place for his tired bones.  It was a decision he stood behind, even when he didn’t fully understand why.  He had to stick with it.  What else was he going to do?
	Not even six months after the decision, the Wilson Maximum Security Prison lost important funding and, after the forced retirement of Dr. Hadmira and the extermination of Dr. Goodwin, Ashe found himself the solo psychologist, left behind to deal with long hours and a mountain of work.  It was exactly what he had hoped, but he should have been slightly more cautious what he had wished for.   
	“Foxy...Ms. Taneesha Jones,” the psychologist continued, “keeps trying to bribe me with sexual favors.”
	“It what way?”
	He sighed again.
	“Last session...she said that if I signed a recommendation for her to be allowed time on the Yard again, she would give me the...‘best blow job of my boring life.’  End quote.”
	“You make a note of it in the record?”
	“Of course.”
	“Why didn't you mention this to me before?”
	“So many things going on.” He shook his head.  “I thought I could still be professional and objective,” Ashe began, “but I don't see how that would be possible.  I am too uncomfortable in the situation and need to dismiss myself before any ethical questions arise…real or make believe.  If that is alright?”
	“If you would like,” Warden Chase agreed, scribbling another quick notation.  “That is the session after Kentucky Jim?”
	“Yea.”
	Warden Chase jotted.
	“I will make sure the guards leave them in their cells.  Anything else?” she asked.  
	“I need another session with Mr. Barrett.”
	The warden stiffened.
	“When?”
	“Today,” Ashe replied.  “One o'clock should be good?”
	“Why so soon?”
	“I came close to scratching the surface with him,” he replied.  “I need to touch the pan while it is still hot...so to say.”
	“Promise me something first,” Warden Chase , putting on her serious face.  “Tread lightly with this one.  This is not some low life from the streets.  This one is different.  My professional and friendly advice is for you to be very, very careful.  Okay?”
	Ashe was taken aback but was not completely surprised by her response.  Franklin Barrett was different than an inmate like Kentucky Jim or Foxy…Ms. Taneesha Jones.  “I am always careful.”
	Letting out a stiff breath, she agreed.  “Okay.  One o'clock.”
	“Thank you,” Ashe replied.  “I will be out of my office for a few hours.  I have some personal issues to handle.”
	“Anything that I can help with?”
	“Nope.  I need to deal with them on my own.”
Chapter 11

Ashe used the block of two hours that he had cleared up to head back over to the police station.  He had a few things on his mind and a few agendas to bring to fruition.  But his thought process scattered in response to the commotion he found when he came into the homicide division. There was a lot of movement among the desks, much more than the night before.  And Oscar's door was open, which was never the case. The detective was speaking rapidly into his cell phone.  Something was obviously going on and Ashe had a feeling that Scott was involved.  
	“What is with all the sound and fury?” Ashe asked Oscar from the office doorway.  “Even though your skin is naturally darker than mine, I can still tell when you are flustered.”  He was trying to mask his tension with humor.
	“It’s nothing that concerns you at the moment,” Oscar replied, putting his hand over the mouth of the phone.  He spoke to Ashe without looking in his direction.  Which was never a good sign, the psychologist knew.  Ashe’s old friend could pull off any bluff, no matter how untrue, while staring down a suspect, but the detective could never pull off a lie if he had to look Ashe in the eyes. 
Oscar finished his cellular conversation with a “Be right there, Paul.”  Turning completely away from Ashe, Oscar grabbed his suit jacket from a hanger and slid it on.  Oscar was one of those types of detectives, suit and tie and shiny shoes.  “What can I do for you, Ashe?  I have to run.”
	“Talk to me,” Ashe insisted.  “What is going on?”
	“Nothing that I know for sure,” Oscar groaned, choosing to meet Ashe’s gaze. “But I will call you later when I know more.”
	“Is it about Scott?”
	“Not sure,” he said, his sight darting away from the psychologist.
	Ashe slammed his fist down hard on the desk. “Damn it, Oscar!  Tell me!”
	Oscar paused.  He took in a deep breath and looked back to Ashe.  “Two dead bodies in Lincoln Park,” he said matter-of-fact.
	“And?”
	He took another deep breath.  “Shooting,” he simply added.  
	“And?”
	“I was going to call you when I knew more,” Oscar grunted.  “Two dead bodies were reported in Lincoln Park this morning.  Shooting victims.  In the homeless cluster that has set up there over the past year.  Someone made an anonymous call this morning.  Probably one of the vagrants getting sick of the smell.  I'm surprised they didn't let the bodies sit and rot instead of calling it in.  We both know how much the homeless like the police coming into their little towns.”
	“How is Scott involved?”
	“We believe that Scott...caused the death of the two men,” Oscar answered.  
	Ashe began to shake his head back and forth.  
	“A leather YSU basketball jacket was found on one of the bodies, identified by the name on it as  belonging to Scott Walters,” Oscar continued.  “A handgun was found as well. Ruger.  It’s being sent to the lab for testing but I was told it is the same caliber as the one that killed Owen Roberts.”
	“His jacket was on one of them?” Ashe asked.  “Why?  Why would one of the dead men be wearing Scott's school jacket?”
	“I don't know.”
	“That has to mean something.”
	“I don't want to speculate at this point.”
	“Well.  What do you know?”
	“Not much,” Oscar replied.  “I'm heading over there now.”
	“You have to know something, Oscar,” Ashe spoke, his voice rising again.  “I need something!”
	“All I know is that your son is leaving bodies across town,” Oscar answered, becoming irritated.  “That is all I know.  That is all I need to know right now.  All you need to know is that your son's face is not plastered all over the television, right now, even though it damned well should be.” He pointed to the flat screen mounted on the wall.  “We have kept this close to the vest as a courtesy to you.  We should have his face on the news, on the front page of the papers, using the public to find him before he runs too far for us to follow, if that hasn’t already happened by now.  But we don't.  If the bodies keep piling up, though, that will no longer be the case.”  
	Ashe didn't know how to respond.  What Oscar said was true.  
	“Why are you here, Ashe?” Oscar asked.  “I have to go.”
	Ashe tried to calm himself.  “You're going to call me when you know more?”
	“Yes.”
	“Okay,” Ashe said before continuing.  “I wanted to see if I could get your documents on the Barrett case.  I have another interview this afternoon and I need something to get him to open up to me.  He is putting up a wall.”
	“Not surprised.  He wouldn't talk to us either, except to confess.”
	“In order for me to make a proper assessment, I need to get something from him,” Ashe replied.  “I need to start honestly thinking about a diagnosis before I am forced to move on.  The powers-that-be are really touchy about this one.  I might not be given a lot of time before they take Mr. Barrett away from me.”
	“You don't know enough from the media?”
	“I can’t go by what the media says, because I don’t know what is fact and what is heresy,” he replied. 
	“He's crazy.  That is my diagnosis.”
	“I'm not so sure, at this time,” Ashe replied.
	“Why don't you get the court documents?”
	“I requested them the other day, but it will take another week or so,” Ashe answered.  “You were lead detective and your notes and documents will be detailed and thorough.  Your nothing if not detailed and thorough, Oscar.  It should give me what I need, right now.  And you always keep back up physical copies, instead of relying completely on your computer.  I can just grab those.”
	“A week or so, huh?”
	“Yeah,” Ashe replied.  “That is fast for them.  It usually takes longer.”
	“Really?”
	“It's just a piece of shit prisoner,” he began.  “What else do they have but time.”
	“True.”
	“I usually don't get into the second interview so soon, either,” Ashe replied.  “But I have a feeling that if I don’t crack the man’s shell in hurry…I will never get the chance again.”
	“Sounds likes there is a little more to it.”
	“Franklin Barrett has me curious,” Ashe answered.  “My curiosity is my biggest sin.  Next to lust and greed.” He gave a hollow laugh.  
	“Mine is pride,” Oscar added.
	“So...can I get...?”
	Before Ashe was done speaking, Oscar was already reaching into a tall file cabinet.  Pulling out a thick set of folders, he handed them over.  “This is all you need to know.  Do not lose anything.  Do not get coffee stains on anything, either.”
	“Thanks.”
	“No problem.”
	“Call me.”
	“I will.”
	Oscar scooted out of the office and Ashe watched him.  The little black and gold container was in his pants pocket.  He traced the outline with his fingertips.  Gripping tight the files on Barrett, he went back to the elevator and pushed the button for the fourth floor.  
	On to the next agenda.  

Chapter 12

Back in the elevator, Ashe didn't go back down to the main floor but went up two more floors to the fourth floor, where the forensic labs were.
	The fourth floor was known as the dwelling of the science trolls, as some of the officers would jokingly call it.  But it was all in good fun.  Over the past decade, to say the least, police work had become a highly co-dependent process, splicing together the sweat of the acting detectives and officers with the discoveries of the forensic scientists.  Blood analysis, ballistic testing, DNA testing, and other types of similar processes could make or break a case, convicting an offender or proving a suspect innocent.  The scientists, the nerds that ran the labs, have become as much a part of the police force as the uniforms and detectives that beat their feet on the streets.  
	Once out of the elevator, Ashe marched down the white hallway toward Laboratory Two.  No matter how many times he had been on the fourth floor, he was always surprised how immaculately clean everything remained, even though he had never seen a single soul actually scrub a wall or mop an inch of floor.  
	It was magic.
	Or gnomes.
	Either...or.
	The door to Laboratory Two was closed.  Another closed door.  Ashe sighed quietly to himself.  He didn't knock, though, but opened the door and went inside, closing the door behind him.  
The lab was exactly as he had remembered it, down to the location of each and every piece of equipment.  Nothing seemed to have been moved in the past four years.  It was like a picture, never changing, never altering.  Long ago Ashe had observed that the extensive and complex group labeled scientist, whether they are from the fields of chemistry or physics, was populated mostly and predominantly by control freaks.  Even though they tested and labeled the chaos reality, they obsessively tried to maintain an illusion of order and control inside of their work space, with everything in its correct and proper place.
	It was complete and utter irony, he understood.  But what would the world be without the phenomena?  Irony.  Every thinking man and woman needed a consistent dose of it, or else he or she might get bored to the point of suicide.
	Not only was everything in the lab the same, but so was the lab tech, Ginger.  Ginger was hunched over a narrow computer monitor, wearing a long white coat and latex gloves.  Ashe couldn't help but to smile at the figure of the old man with bright red hair.  Even though Ginger was in his sixties, there wasn't a gray hair on the man's head, only red and more red.  Ashe never could tell whether it was natural or dyed.  Even his facial hair, his nicely trimmed beard and mustache was a perfect shade of cherry.
	Ginger’s own nickname was an obvious clue to the man’s personality.  Calling an Irishman a “ginger” was equivalent to punching him in the nose.  Do not do it!  It will not end pretty!  Urban legends and stereotypical stigma often considered a “ginger” person to be soulless.  An Irishman, with their hearty laugh and love of drink and joke, was far from soulless. But, ironically, Ginger admitted to Ashe that he had given the nickname to himself, sometime during middle school.  The lab rat chuckled and chuckle during the confession, and Ashe couldn’t help but to chuckle along with him.  The psychologist was far from surprised at the revelation.  He had known Ginger long enough by that point to avoid being surprised by anything the lab tech said or done. 
When it came down to the brass tacks of it, Ashe liked Ginger.  He even trusted the man.
	“Ginger,” Ashe said, trying to get his attention.  “Ginger,” he repeated, raising his voice a little.  “Ginger!”
	Finally the man turned, giving the psychologist a better look at him.  Ashe had been wrong.  The man had changed, even if the changes were slight.  The wrinkles on the lab tech’s forehead had multiplied and deepened into gorges.  There were also frown lines at the edges of his lips, where only hints of them had existed before.  There were indeed changes.  Ginger had aged.  He had aged four years.  But Ashe felt confident that the changes were only surface deep.  He could never see Ginger being anything other than Ginger, no matter how many years aged his body.  
When the lab tech’s eyes registered the identity of his guest, a wide and familiar grin spread across his face.  “Are you lost?”  He had a slight Irish accent, one that had faded over time but refused to be gone completely.
	“I could be.”  Ashe fidgeted, shifting the case files from his right hand to his left.
	Ginger came over to Ashe and motioned to shake his hand but didn't complete the greeting.  Instead, he showed the psychologist his latex gloves, which had something wet on the palms.  He shook his head.  “I will have to shake your hand in due time, my friend.”
	“Works for me,” Ashe replied and happily retracted his hand.  “How have you been, Ginger?”
	“Livin' the dream,” he announced.  “You?  Still trying to understand the crazies of the world?”
	“Always,” Ashe said.  “I'm still expecting you for our first session.”
	“Don't hold your breath.”  He laughed.  “What brings you to my floor of the building?  I didn't think I would see you again, not until I was called to process the crime scene of your murder, that is.”
	“My murder?”
	“Dealing with all those crazies, pissing in their Wheaties,” Ginger began, “will only get you shot or stabbed or all out gutted in the end.”
	“Let's hope not,” Ashe replied.  
	“I look forward to processing your crime scene, Ashe,” Ginger said.  “It would be an honor.”
	“Honor would be all mine, I'm sure,” Ashe replied.  “I have a favor to ask.”
	“I don't do favors.” He shook his head.  But he didn't turn away.
	“A second ago you were talking about processing my murder site,” Ashe questioned, showing confusion.  “But now you won't do me a simple favor?  Make sense to you, Ginger?”
	“It does.”
	Ashe was surprised by the turn of the conversation.  He didn’t expect to hit such a solid wall when it came to the lab tech, at least not only seconds into the meet.  Ginger always had a bullheaded streak, sometime to the point of annoyance, but he had never refused to help Ashe outright.  
The psychologist put a hand in his pants pocket and felt the black and gold container.  He thought about Scott.  “I would appreciate it.  If I remember correctly, you owe me a favor.”
	“Do I?  I don't recall that.”
	“How is your brother doing, Ginger?” Ashe asked.  “I hear that the treatment schedule they have him on over there at Sunshine is working well.  He might even be released within the next year.”
	Ginger groaned and rubbed his red hair.  “Entirely true, buddy.”  He was silent for a few seconds.  “As long as this has nothing to do with your son.  I can't help on that one, mate.  Oscar would have my goose for dinner.  And you know it.  He has warned all of the building against helping you if it involves Scott.  Sorry.”
	Ashe didn't take a moment to think.  He immediately blurted, “It's not.  I wouldn't ask you to go against Oscar.  I simply wouldn't do that.  I'm seeing someone,” he lied, “and I am not sure about her, yet.  I found something while I was in her house the other day and I hope that you could test it for me.  I want to be sure about her.  You…know why.  I don't think she does any drugs, but what I found makes me wonder.  It has been a long time since I put myself out there.  I want to be sure.  You understand that, Ginger?”
	“I do.”
	Taking a chance, Ashe used his free hand and pulled out the container, while also trying not to drop the case files Oscar had given him. “It looks like a lipstick container.  But it’s not.  I don't know what was in it, but there is a little powder at the bottom.  A little.  It might be coke or something else.  I don't know.  Will you test it, please.  Off the books.  I just need to know. Will you help me?”
	Ashe hoped there was enough of the powder at the bottom of the container for Ginger to test.  It might help to at least narrow down the possibilities.  Give him an answer.  Give him a lead.  Give him something...more than what he already had.  
	Two more had been bodies linked to his son and he was no closer to finding the truth.  He wanted to bounce his head off a nearby wall.  But refrained.  
	“How about it?”
	Ginger groaned again.  “Yea…okay.  It stays between I and yourself?”
	“Definitely.”  Ashe handed over the container, reluctantly.  
	“I will call you when I know something,” Ginger told him.
	“I've been hearing that a lot lately,” Ashe mumbled.
	“Huh?”
	“I appreciate your help,” Ashe assured him.  “Good to see you.”
	“You too.  We square when it comes to me brother?”
	“Get me some answers about that powder and we will be square with some left over.”
	    

Chapter 13

On the top of his desk, Ashe had both Scott's dream journal and the case files of Mr. Barrett sitting in front of him.  He sat there for several minutes simply staring at them as another headache crept into the back of his mind.  It consisted of lingering pressure, not physical but mental, brought on by excessive strain and confusion.  The building questions brought on the pressure, which built more and more with each one that went unanswered.  
	Reaching out, he first moved his hand toward Scott's journal, thinking about reading a few more pages of the fragmented images and thoughts, but changed his mind and instead snatched up the case files.  A distraction.  He needed one.  Even if was just another set of questions that may go unanswered.
	The files were held in manila colored folders.  On the outside of the folders, written in black marker, were the words SUE ANN AND KENNEDY BARRETT. Underneath the names of the victims was the word HOMICIDE.  At the bottom was the word SOLVED.  Ashe opened the first folder and pulled out the stack of documents that were inside.
	The stack was a thick grouping of loose and bound pages.  He picked up the top page and began to patiently scan through the documents. When gathering information and data for an assessment and diagnosis, which he was administering in regards to Mr. Franklin Barrett, Ashe would often find himself confronted with an onslaught of paperwork.  But, he knew, among the useless stones were gems, rubies and diamonds and other jewels from which he could build his diagnosis. From the diagnosis, a treatment could be created and put into action.  But, that was only if Barrett was mentally ill.  He could be malingering, exaggerating false symptoms.  Ashe had to consider the possibility.  He needed to get the man to speak.
	The first meeting was, as he had told the felon, simply a meet-and-greet, in which to get overall feelings and impressions.  However, any interviews or sessions after the initial meet were to be far from subtle or simple.  Ashe had a feeling, though, a hunch that when dealing with Franklin Barrett and the Barrett dynasty of wealthy, entitled, and often shady individuals, nothing was going to be subtle or simple or by the book, so to say.  
	He turned to another page and continued to read.  A picture began to form, a story about Barrett, his wife and son, along with some other members of his family.  And more importantly, Ashe began to get a vivid understanding of the crime itself.
	The case began with a simple 911 call.
	Oscar had gathered together the transcripts of the call, which was only a single page long.  The detective had noted at the top of the page that the caller, unlike those who usually called in to the emergency hotline, was neither frantic nor desperate, but cool and calm, eerily so.  	
	
Operator:  911.  What is your emergency?
	Franklin Barrett:  I killed my family.  I stabbed them.  Both of them.
	Operator:  Repeat again.  Your family has been stabbed?  Sir?
	Franklin Barrett:  I stabbed them.  I had to.  
	Operator:  Stay where you are, sir.  We have your address and are sending an ambulance.
	Franklin Barrett:  Don't bother.  They are dead already.  
	Operator:  You killed them?
	Franklin Barrett:  Yes.  Don't worry.  I am not going to run.  I could.  I have the money to disappear but I won't.  My name is Franklin Barrett and I murdered my family before they killed me.  I had no choice.  You won't believe me.  You won't understand.  But I know that God will.  That is all the matters.  God will understand why I had to do it.  It was his plan.
	Operator:  Just stay on the line, sir, the police are on their way.
	Franklin Barrett:  I am not going anywhere.

	God will understand, was the phrase the stuck out to Ashe.  God.  He never considered himself to be religious.  There was too much complexity directly in front of him, in human thought and behavior, to consider the complexities of a heaven, hell, sin, faith, God, Satan, and eternal damnation.  He didn't say that those things did not exist, he simply did not try to unravel that mystery.  At least, not yet.  But he did know what the belief of God and Satan, and those other things, could do to an unbalanced psyche.  It could be like taking the bottom Ace from an already wobbling house of cards.  
	Did Barrett believe that he killed his wife and son for God?  If so, then why lie about the murder plot, about how his wife and son were going to kill him for his life insurance.  Why lie, when he apparently had God on his side?
	The reports state that the first officers arrived at the Barrett residence at around 3:30 a.m.  The YPD immediately found Franklin standing in his front yard, staring at the dark night time sky.  He didn't respond to the police presence.  
	He appeared to be in a daze, one of the police officers recorded.
	He was grinning, another officer reported.
	Inside the large home, they found Sue Ann and Kennedy Barrett, both with twelve stab wounds.  They were both dead.  In their beds.
	Ashe paused.
	Coincidence.
	He continued.
	Oscar had been able to dig up a general background on Sue Ann Barrett, formally Sue Ann Wamsley, the single daughter of Egbert Wamsley, a poor miner from West Virginia.  They lived in a small town called River Creek, a village of scattered homes and properties near to the coal mine in which her father slaved away.   The house was a one story double-wide, placed on a spot of land that had been passed down to Sue Ann's father by her grandfather, who had also lived his entire life as a poor coal miner.  
	As far as Ashe could see, nothing about her life before joining the Barrett family screamed...money.
	Sue Ann's mother, Abigail, had died during childbirth.  The birthing process had occurred at the isolated Wamsley household, because a massive snow storm had trapped Egbert and his wife in their home.  Egbert did the best he could to deliver his daughter, but complications soon arose and no medical help would be able to intervene.  Sue Ann survived that night while her mother died of blood loss.  
	 Tragic.  
	Sue Ann graduated high school and went on to WVU, paying for the courses with government loans.  She majored in business. Her father had died in a mine collapse half-way into her sophomore year of college.  After two years she graduated with an Associate’s Degree in Business.  It was quite an achievement for a poor miner’s daughter from West Virginia.  But Sue Ann had proven herself a fighter from day one.
	She had then become a secretary.  
During a business dinner thrown by her boss, Mr. Jack Sullivan, CEO of Perk Enterprises, Sue Ann caught the eye of Franklin Barrett, who was accompanying his older brother Thomas, an up and coming business tycoon.  Franklin and Thomas were riding the waves of their family name.  While Franklin never hit the big time of business, Ashe knew, Thomas would eventually make a name for himself...Lucky.
	Thomas “Lucky” Barrett.  Wealthy and powerful business man.  Possible mobster and criminal.  Investigated but never arrested.
	Three months after meeting during that business dinner, Sue Ann and Franklin were married.
	Sue Ann had obviously come from nothing.  Rising from dirt would often make a person humble, grounded, weary of money and power.  A person like that would never plot to murder their husband for their own personal gain.  But there was a yang to that yin.  Sometimes, when a person went from having nothing to being able to get anything, greed and obsession for money began.  They never had enough.  And would do anything to get it...even murder their own husband.
	Which one was Sue Ann Barrett?
	Humble?
	Or insatiable in her greed?
	Ashe couldn't be sure.
	If a murder plot could be proven, then Barrett' story would be based in reality instead of delusion or paranoia.  But, as Oscar noted several times, no evidence of a murder plot had ever been discovered.  
	What about the son?
	Kennedy Barrett.
	Ambitious name, Ashe noted to himself.
	Born rich.  Private schooling his entire life.  Sports.  Debate club.  Private trainer.  Private tutors.  He was bred to be successful, like a race horse.  All he knew was money and power and the family name.  He had the making of a spoiled, rich, sociopath.  But that didn't mean that he had been.  
	Could he have plotted to murder his own father?  
	Again, no evidence.
	Within a set of bound documents, Oscar had put together a brief background of Franklin himself.  Most of what was gathered matched the image that Ashe had had of the man the moment he had come into Ashe's office.  A worm.  Pale.  Greasy.  According to a group of business documents, Franklin was also a parasite, latching onto his brother and his brother's success, milking it for his own needs.  There wasn't a business document in the stack that had Franklin's signature without that of his brother Lucky directly above it.
	Barrett was a leech.
	But that did not make him mentally ill.
	Only lazy and pitiful. 
	Ashe felt his eyes growing glossy, unfocused.  All the little printed words were beginning blur together.   Closing the folder, he pushed it aside.  He was finished with it.  Shutting his eyes for a few minutes, he let them rest before pulling over and opening the second manila folder.  
	Inside was nothing but pictures, crime scene photos.  Two photos in, Ashe came across Sue Ann Barrett stabbed and dead, face up in her bed.  The next photo was Kennedy Barrett, in a similar state.  Face up.  Dead.  In his bed.
	The psychologist’s skin crawled.
	Owen's blood soaked mattress flashed before Ashe.  He had been found face down in his bed, a bullet to the head.  What was the likelihood that he would find himself focused on two crimes in which the victims were found dead in their beds, most likely killed while sleeping.  Similar.  Possibly.  He quickly put the stack of photos back in the folder and closed it.  
	Similar.
	Yes.
	But not the same.
	No.
	The itch of human imagination wanted to be scratched, but Ashe refused.  Imagination could often lead a person on a fool’s errand, searching for connections that did not exist.  No matter how many times a coin was flipped, no matter how many times it landed on heads, there was a fifty-fifty chance that the next flip would either be heads or tails.   He knew the dangers of forcing a pattern onto events that were obviously coincidence.  There was no evidence or facts supporting the idea of connection.  Scott was not connected to the Barrett family.
	He just wasn't.
	Was he?
	He pushed the question far away, deep into the pressure pit that was his mind.  He thought over Oscar's documents and findings.  Ashe had what he needed, or at least he believed that he had a place to start.  
	He would make Barrett talk.

Chapter 14

Ashe was hunched over the stack of case documents again, reading through them a second time when his cell phone rang.  It broke the silence and thought, startling him nearly out of his seat.  Regaining his composure, he grabbed phone.  Before answering, he looked at the display and the number that appeared.  
	Oscar.
	“Oscar?” he quickly asked into the phone.
	“Yea,” Oscar replied.
	He waited for Oscar to continue.  But it only led to seconds of silence.
	“You there?” Oscar asked.
	“I’m here,” Ashe replied.  “What is going on?”
	“I’m still here at Lincoln Park,” Oscar began.  “And we do have two shooting victims.  It’s pretty violent, too.  Ugly.   The report about the YSU leather jacket was right on the money.  On the left breast is the name SCOTT WALTERS,” Oscar replied.  “What are the odds it belongs to some other person?”
	“Little,” Ashe replied.  “None. Damn.”  Another set of bodies tied to his son.  He had told his friend that Scott did not have it in him to kill anyone, but he had been proven wrong.  And the fact dug into him like a dull knife.  
	“We’ve tried to talk to those who are squatting here in the park,” Oscar began, “but we haven’t gotten a whole lot of cooperation.  Cops are not exactly welcomed with open arms around here, but you already know that.  A couple people did speak of a possible confrontation, raised voices before the gunshots.”
	“Self-defense?”
	“Looks like a good possibility,” Oscar replied.  “I know these two guys,” he admitted.  “Far from top notch citizens, if you know what I mean.  Young.  Reckless.  They have been in trouble with the legal system since getting out of diapers.  Dipshits.  They probably confronted Scott about something and Scott defended himself.  At least it looks that way.”
	“That jacket.”
	“What?”
	“They wanted Scott’s leather jacket,” Ashe clarified.  “They tried to take it from him.”
	“But they are dead,” Oscar pointed out the obvious.  “And yet the one is wearing Scott’s jacket.  Whether they were shot before or after trying to take the jacket, Scott should have it now.  Why leave it behind?”
	Ashe took a second to think.  
	“Proof,” he figured.  “He wanted to leave behind proof that it was self-defense.”
	“Maybe,” Oscar agreed.  “But why?”
	Ashe sighed.  
	“Maybe he wanted these deaths differentiated from Owen,” he said.  “They were not the same.  Or at least the circumstances were not the same.  I can’t say for sure.  He just wanted to prove that the shooting was self-defense.”
	“And the gun?  Why leave the gun behind?  The ballistics are not in, yet, but I’m sure it’s the same gun that killed Owen.”
	“Because he is done,” Ashe replied.
	“Done?”
	“He doesn’t want to get into another circumstance where he had to kill,” Ashe explained.  “But that only leaves him helpless.”
	He sighed again.  
Shit.
	“Did anyone see where Scott went?” Ashe asked.
	“It was dark,” Oscar replied.  “No one could say for sure which way he ran.”
	Ashe sighed for a final time.
	“Where do you think he would be heading?  Out of town?” Oscar asked.
	“I wish I knew.”
	“Me too,” Oscar admitted. “Sit tight, Ashe,” Oscar told him.  “I will call when I have more.”
	They hung up without a goodbye.
	
Chapter 15

“Do you believe in God, Mr. Barrett?” Ashe asked the man sitting on the other side of his desk.  Barrett did not lift his head.  He once again was staring at the stain that peaked out from underneath the piece of furniture.  Ashe was sure that the convicted murderer had heard his question, because he didn’t believe that Barrett was out of his mind, only distancing himself.  The murderer didn’t seem in a daze or dissociative, only stubborn and closed off.  After asking the question, Ashe sat and watched the man for several moments, knowing that it was sinking in and festering in the man’s mind.  
	Ashe took a sip of his black Coffee.  The strong, hot liquid poured into his empty stomach, reminding him that he had skipped not only breakfast but lunch.  He didn’t feel shaky or weird.   He was too focused and wound too tight to feel the symptoms of fatigue. Taking a second sip of the sweet caffeine, he made sure not to set the cup down on any of the papers and documents on his desk.  Case documentation.  Case photos.  Personal notes.  Blank yellow notebook.  He had everything in tight, neat stacks, showing the illusion of structure and organization amongst the chaos.  
	“Do you believe in God, Mr. Barrett?”  
	No answer.
	Ashe thought about the transcript.
	He continued.  “I’m not so sure, myself, to be honest.  Or at least I am not sure of God as an actual thinking entity with a will, a consciousness, and a plan for existence.  Is there an old man standing in the clouds watching and punishing us at every turn?  That seems too much like magical thinking…to me.  I might as well believe in the tooth fairy or elves and goblins and hobbits…oh my.” He laughed.  “I know that rational, intelligent men, like you and I, should have a hard time believing in the magic man in the sky.  Am I right?  Why would we fall for such nonsense?  Am I right?”
	“I believe in God,” Barrett spoke.  His voice was low but sure of itself.
	“Are you joking with me?”  Ashe laughed again.  “You don’t seem like a man that would believe in God.”
	“Rich?  Wealthy?” Franklin replied, raising his head a little.
	“No,” Ashe assured him.  “You are no longer rich or wealthy, Mr. Barrett.  A killer.  Is what I mean.”
	Immediately, Barrett began to lower his eyes back to the stain.
	On top of the pile of case documents was the 911 transcript.  Pulling from the top of the stack, Ashe looked down at it.  “During your 911 call, you said that God would understand and that was all that mattered.  That stabbing your wife and son was God’s will.”
	Ashe took another strategic drink of coffee.
	“Is this God’s plan for you, Mr. Barrett?” Ashe asked.  He pointed to the thick concrete wall around them.  “All of this?”
	“What do you know about God’s plan,” he shot back, meeting Ashe’s eyes for the first time.  Ashe could see a fire ignite in the man’s eyes.  “You don’t believe that he even exists.”
	“I said I didn’t know for sure,” Ashe responded.  “But I know that God would never plan on you killing your wife and son in their beds.  Would he?”
	“Understanding is beyond us,” he simply stated.
	“How so?”
	“It would be like ants trying to understand how a car works,” Barrett stated.  “Or a spider trying to figure why he is about to get stepped on.  Do you see?”
	“I get the idea,” Ashe said.  “But you understand?”
	“My eyes were opened.”  In reaction to his own words, Barrett dropped his face.  He wasn’t supposed to say those words, Ashe realized.  But why?
	“How so?” Ashe asked.
	The man didn’t answer.
“What you’re saying is that God planned on you killing your wife and son?”  Ashes voice stayed calm and neutral.  “Stabbing them in the chest?  Is that what you are saying?”  He considered pulling out the gory pictures to further illustrate his question, but changed his mind.  The images would most likely cause Barrett to retreat once again.
	“He works in ways mysterious,” he replied.  “And more complex than you could ever imagine.”
	“Did God tell you to kill your wife and son?”
	Barrett replied, “God has never spoken a single word to me.”
	“He hasn’t…ever?”
	“No.”
	“If he has…you can tell me.”
	“Never a word.”
	Ashe thought about the statement and it appeared to come from truth.  He couldn’t be sure whether or not a delusion or hallucination did in fact exist.  Or whether or not the crime was committed due to the delusion or hallucination. The man could possibly just be religious, fanatic or otherwise faithful.  
He asked the question again, but in a different way.  “Is God the reason that your wife and son had to be killed?  Did he plan it?”
	“He plans everything.”
	“You say God never talks to you,” Ashe began.  “Is that correct?”
	No reply.
	“How do you know his plan, then?”
	“Everything is his plan, Doctor.  Everything that happens is planned by him,” Barrett replied.  
	“Everything?”
	“All things.”
	“Why did you kill your wife and son, Mr. Barrett?” Ashe asked.  “You told the police that they were conspiring to kill you for your life insurance and your estate, but no evidence has been found to support the claim.  And the claim also doesn’t include God’s will.  So, why did you feel that God planned on them dying by your hands?”
	“The only answer I will give is in those papers right there on your desk within my documented confession.  Everything else is between God and myself,” he replied, his voice growing angry.  
	Ashe didn’t know exactly how to continue that line of questioning.  He had hit a wall.  He appeared to be up against a higher power and would surely lose the fight.  He had to try a different approach.  He had Franklin Barrett talking, speaking, and he needed to keep him speaking.  
	Delusion?
	Hallucination?
	Barrett did not seem to believe that he talked directly to God, but there are other kinds of mental disturbances that were not auditory based.  
	Paranoia?
	Severe paranoia could be the symptom of a mental disorder and could influence violent actions, like murder.  It would explain the belief that his wife and son were plotting to murder him for money.  It would also explain the fact that no evidence was found to show the murder plot existed.  It was definitely a key piece to the puzzle.  
	Schizophrenia?
	He was not disorganized but the paranoia could be a symptom pointing in that direction.  It may even explain the fanatic belief in the will and plans of God.  But, a lot of people have a fanatic belief in God, without being mentally ill. Or was that statement simply ironic? And just because no plot was found did not mean one didn’t exist.
Were Sue Ann and Kennedy victims or killers who were stopped before the crime came to fruition?
Ashe took a moment to jot down his thoughts onto the blank page of notebook paper, keeping it to brief short hand.  He didn’t want to take too much time writing.  He had to keep Franklin Barrett communicating.
“How was your relationship with your wife and son,” Ashe began, “before their deaths?  Were you close in any way?”
The man shrugged.
“I loved my wife and son…then,” Barrett stated.
“But they didn’t love you?”
“I guess not,” he replied, seemingly sad by the idea that his wife and son might have never loved him at all.  They betrayed him, Ashe knew, or at least the man believed they were planning to.  The plot of betrayal, real or imagined, led to the stabbing deaths.
“How do you know…for sure?” Ashe asked.  “How do you know they didn’t love you?”
“They were planning on having me killed,” he replied, matter-of-fact.  
“How do you know for sure?” Ashe asked, again.
“I just do.”
“You have proof?”
He was silent.
“What if they were innocent, Mr. Barrett?” Ashe asked.  “Is there any chance that you were, are, confused about the situation?  That you are mistaken?”
“I am not mistaken,” his voice became a growl as he spoke. 
“And why are you so sure?”
	“I am not crazy,” he snarled.  “And you need to stay out of my head.  I did what I did.  I had no choice in what I did.  And that is all you need to know.”
	“I would like to know more, actually,” Ashe admitted.  His voice remained as calm and neutral as it had been the entire conversation.  
	“Let’s talk about you, Dr. Walters,” Barrett blurted.  “Everyone knows about me.  But I know about you, doctor.  I know a lot about you.”
	“What do you think you know?”
	“I know all about your wife,” Barrett said, immediately causing Ashe’s breath to still.  “I know that she is dead because of your arrogance and your selfish acts of recklessly sticking your nose in the wrong brains.  You don’t know how to mind your own business.  You don’t know how to leave people alone…even when they ask nicely.  And you have a habit of pissing off the wrong people. Dr. Walters.  And that is why your wife is dead.  Because of you.”
	 “This session is over,” Ashe spat, trying to keep his cool.
	“Steven Reynolds is a family friend,” Barrett continued, a grin upon his lips.  “I want to take this moment to say hello to you on his behalf.  If he were here, I am sure he would say, Hello, Dr. Walters, hope all is well in your world.”  He began to laugh.
	“This session is over!” Ashe exclaimed, jumping to his feet.  Reaching behind him, he grabbed his baseball bat.  But instead of putting it against the head of Franklin Barrett, he swung it down onto his desk and struck the red button.  Within seconds, Tye and a couple others stormed into the office.  “Get him the fuck away from me!”  He pointed to Barrett with the tip of the bat.
	“Are you okay, my man?” Tye asked, responding to Ashe’s tone and reddening face.
	“Just get him back to his cell, please,” Ashe replied.  “Please.”
	“Would you like me to reciprocate the greeting?” Barrett asked, still laughing to himself.  
	Tye whacked him across the back of the head with his hand, “You heard the man.  Get your ass up and let’s go.  You have a cold cell that needs to be warmed back up.  On your feet!  Let’s go!”
	The other two guards didn’t wait for the inmate to stand, but instead grabbed his arms and forced him to his feet.  They escorted him out of the door.  Tye went to follow, but first stopped, turned, and asked, “You need to talk?”
	Ashe shook his head.  He leaned the bat back against the wall.
	“I’m okay,” the psychologist said.
	“Okay,” Tye replied.  “Sometimes even head shrinkers need someone to talk to.  Don’t forget that, man.”
	Ashe nodded.
	Tye left and the psychologist fell back down into his chair.  He thought about clearing his desk.  He thought about swiping his hand across the top of it, violently sending the papers and photos into the air.  He thought about throwing his coffee at the wall.  He thought about smashing his laptop onto the ground.  He even thought about putting his baseball bat, the one he had been gripping moments before, against the desk itself.
	But he didn’t.
	Instead, he pulled his laptop closer.  The machine was connected to the internet by a WIFI signal, one provided by the prison administration.  Pulling up the browser, Ashe began to search for the Barrett family, trying to find any connection to Steven Reynolds and the Reynolds Gang.   Why would a high class corporate family be connected to a low class psychopath like Steven Reynolds?  After typing in the words BARRETT FAMILY + REYNOLDS GANG + NORTHEASTERN OHIO, Ashe watched as the search engine began to pull up results.  

Chapter 16

After nearly an hour of searching through the news articles and websites that the search engine had discovered, Ashe rode both the highs of irritation and lows of self-punishment.  He thought about his wife.  He thought about how much he honestly missed her, even after all the years she had been gone.  And he also thought about Steven Reynolds, a man that he had never met face-to-face, yet had changed his life in more ways than could be imaged by the human mind.  Steven Reynolds was a man that seemed to exist in the shadows of Ashe’s worst fears and nightmares.  The man existed in that place side by side with his grief and blame, emotions that he has been fighting for 4 years. The blame for what happened was with the psychologist and it will always remain there.
	Taking his hands from the computer’s keyboard, Ashe rubbed his eyes, which felt dry and strained.  Why had Franklin Barrett mentioned Steven Reynolds?  Was it simply a way to get into his head, to lash out?  Or were there other motives behind the words?  Was he sending a message? Did Steven Reynolds put him up to it?  What happened to Susanne was not a mystery by any means, however, and once the anger had subsided he became suspicious.  Anyone could do a Google search, as he had just performed, and pull up information.
	Was that it?  Or not?  How could he be sure?
	Once it was determined that Franklin Barrett was going to be sent to Wilson, there was no doubt that he would be in Ashe’s office at least once, especially considering the circumstances of the crime.  Steven Reynolds might have considered this a chance to remind Ashe that he still thought of him and the unfinished business that may still exist between them.
	Was there still unfinished business?  No.  If anyone was even, they were.  In fact, Ashe felt that he still owed Mr. Reynolds a little more from his end.  Even?  Not really, he figured.  Ashe would love to see the son of a bitch tied to the back of truck and drug down a gravel road until his flesh began to tear from his bones.  The truck would only stop when a bloody, mangled corpse was all that remained.
	Even?  Not even close.  At least not in the mind of the psychologist.  But did Steven Reynolds feel the same?  Was he sending a warning, letting Ashe know that he wanted another pound of flesh?
	Paranoid thoughts of conspiracies and plots swirled around Ashe’s brain, but he quickly and swiftly calmed the cyclone.  Assumptions and anxiety would get him nowhere but in the visiting chair on the other side of the desk.  He had nothing but the words of a convicted criminal, murderer of his own wife and son.  He knew better than to let them wreak havoc on his less than stable mind. Barrett would say anything to get back at Ashe.  The psychologist had tried to get him to face his demons and the violent death of his family by his own hands.  It opened wounds.  Wide.  And then a pound of salt was dumped into the cracks.  The psychologist forced himself to see the words as nothing but an empty threat, said to him by a pathetic human being.  They didn’t mean shit.  
	He closed out the internet browser.  He then clicked on an icon that brought up his schedule for the rest of the day.  Some days were packed, crammed with meetings and interviews and sessions, but luckily that Wednesday was lacking in the usual clutter.  Normally, Ashe would fill those free moments with research or business calls, because no psychologist could properly assess or diagnose or even treat a patient or client or inmate off the top of his head, he didn’t care what faulty television programs wanted their viewers to believe.  It involved a lot of man hours over top of a book or in front of a computer screen or on the phone.
	 But that wasn’t to be how the rest of his morning played, Ashe concluded.
	Ashe glanced at Scott’s dream journal again.  He began to fume.  While Oscar and the other members of the YPD force were actively following leads, all he had was a journal of dreams and a mystery powder at the bottom of a lipstick container.  He suddenly felt foolish.  He didn’t want to decipher dreams.  He didn’t want black and gold containers.  He wanted solid witnesses and evidence.  He wanted to stand beside Oscar while they searched for his son…together.  But he didn’t have that. And it was pissing him off.
	Reopening the internet browser, Ashe made a quick search and retrieved a phone number.  The psychologist jotted it down on a small yellow sticky note. He then folded the paper and stuck it in the pockets of his pants.  Grabbing his brown carrying case, he packed up his laptop and all the files pertaining to Franklin Barrett.  He might want to look them over again, later on.  He looked hard at the dream journal.  Instead of opening it up, Ashe tossed it into his leather satchel and got up from his chair.  He was not going to sit at his desk any longer.  He had to be careful, but there were things he could do, thing he needed to be doing.  He had to begin the actions that might lead him to something solid, something real.  These things, he knew, were not at his desk.
 He rushed out of his cage.

Chapter 17

Ashe Walters felt his head begin to clear as he drove away from the prison. He felt his thoughts loosen as the tenacious tension lessened.  The jumble in his brain still existed, the pressure that was crammed in his mind only loosened, but it did not appear to be as tight of a mass as before.  He could still feel it, however, like a tumor, but as he bolted away from the prison with a new direction in his immediate sights, he honestly felt a tingle of hope, maybe not hope complete, or hope in a perfect and happy ending to the current crisis, but a sense that he was on the right path to helping his son, which was better than where he had been moments prior, shunned by his friend, doubting himself, while working with abstract pieces of fragmented clues and dreams which only seemed to frustrate him more and more.  He was moving forward instead of spinning his wheels in the mud.  The mud, which had been thick and sticky beneath his tires, suddenly seemed to become solid, giving him traction, enough traction to get out of the trap.
 His new found sense of purpose might have also been conjured by the clear sky and sunshine overhead.  It might have also been the air, which was cool and crisp, existing at a calm and gentle medium, neither too hot nor too cold.  A good day like the one around Ashe, with each breath tasting sweet and refreshing, made it easier to think, to prioritize. 
 He had a purpose, Ashe told himself, a place to go and begin his official investigation, even if he was disobeying a direct order from the lead detective.  Even though he could be considered trustworthy, loyal, and professional by many, it wouldn’t be the first time that he had had to step on a few toes in order to force his will upon stubborn police officers.  But he never thought he would have to go against Oscar, someone who always seemed to listen and appreciate what he brought to the table.  That fact, that one fact was what seemed to be throwing him off kilter more than anything else.  Oscar always had his back.  Perhaps his old friend had changed during their time away from each other.  Maybe Oscar had lost his trust and faith in a man who was responsible for his own wife’s brutal death.
It didn’t matter.  The psychologist was on his own with an intended destination and he was confident that it would lead to another and another, sure that the beginnings of a path was being constructed out of the rough and rocky terrain that had been previously in his way.  All he needed somewhere to start, to take the first real step toward finding his son.  He finally admitted that he did not have time to sit around and decipher his son’s dreams or make ignorant assumptions about someone he honestly did not know any longer.  He needed to treat Scott like another patient that he was assessing, researching, and evaluating.  The act of doing so would involve collecting data from collateral sources, like friends, coworkers, or significant others, any person that had an active role in Scott’s current life, instead of focusing on irrelevant facts from a father who only had information that was old and outdated.  Relevant data could even come from legal documentation and personal records.  But that would be tricky and Ashe was unsure had to go about retrieving those forms of documentation without the backing of either the prison or Youngstown Police Department.  He had neither.  He was on truly and completely on his own in the wild.
He didn’t know his son, Ashe had no choice but to accept, but he could think of a person that would surely know Scott, or at least point him in the right direction.
	In the car’s mirrors, Ashe watched as the immense structure of Wilson, with its tall, wire-topped fences, fell further and further behind him.  He usually never saw the prison as either hindering or claustrophobic, because he truly and honestly loved his job, the pros and cons, the good days and bad, all the way down the most violent criminals that would rather slit the psychologist’s throat than let him into their minds.  But, that day, he was glad to be driving away from it.  
	Using quick glances, Ashe managed to fish both his phone and the phone number from his pocket without side swiping another vehicle.  Dialing with his free thumb, he pushed SEND and waited until an automated service answered.  He listened as a monotone, robotic female voice listed the available options.  Speaking firmly, he told the computer the name of whom he was trying to reach.  He then waited another half a minute while the service connected him to that person’s office.  
	It rang.
	And rang.
	Finally, a voice answered, “Coach Richard Barker. How may I help you?” If anyone knew his son, anyone at all, it would be his basketball coach. Ashe asked the coach if he would be in the office for the next hour or so, because he would like to stop to speak with him about an important matter that was time sensitive.  Coach Barker assured him that he would be in his office until late into the day, even into the night, most likely. 
The coach didn’t seem surprised to hear from Ashe, making Ashe a little nervous, because he had never spoken to the coach a day in his life.  He only knew the coaches name due to him finding it on the internet.  Because of that fact, the coach should be questioning the urgent and spontaneous meeting.  But the man didn’t.  Oscar might have spoken to the man already, he thought to himself.  
Oscar was good at his job, that fact was never in question.  But would he set traps?  Would his old friend leave warning to potentially important people to watch out for and report the psychologist? Ashe wasn’t sure but the possibility made him pause and think.  And after thinking, thinking hard, picturing Scott, he continued to drive toward the YSU campus.  He even drove a few miles faster.  He sighed loudly, but refused to change his directions, no matter what obstacles he might run into.
Ashe did, however, take a detour past Lincoln Park.  He couldn’t help himself.  Like an arsonist returning to a blazing building, he had to set his eyes on the scene of the crime.  As he came closer, passing it on the street, he could see the swirling berries and cherries of the YPD vehicles.  Yellow ribbons could also be seen from the road, blocking off an area of land near to a beaten down baseball diamond. 
He drove by the one side of the park and then turned left at a nearby traffic light.  The new road circled around the other side, bringing him closer to what appeared to be an old, unkempt baseball diamond, where it seemed that the shooting took place near to.
In spite of the police presence, groups of homeless men and women remained in area, refusing to leave their homes of dirt and hopelessness.  They didn’t scatter like roaches, which some people might assume they would, possibly because they had nowhere else to go.  To Ashe, they seemed to be ignoring the cops and the crime scene altogether.  What could the police do…arrest them?  Put them in jail for a couple nights or more for obstruction of justice?  That might be a good thing for them, because they would be provided with three hots and a cot, which was more than they had at the present moment.
Twisting his neck, Ashe tried to look closer as he drove by.  He saw several figures dressed in either uniforms or plain clothes, standing and talking inside the yellow barrier.  As far as he could tell, none of them seemed to be Oscar.  Ashe knew that he would able spot and properly identify his old friend’s bulky figure from miles away, the jacket and tie and tan complexion.  It was a silhouette that would be engraved the psychologist’s memory forever.  Either Oscar had returned to the police station or he was somewhere in the city or the adjoining suburbs following a lead or leads. If Oscar was stomping across the bones of Youngstown, Ashe prayed to whatever god would listen that their paths did not cross.  
The psychologist could see that another group of people were gathered on the side of the yellow ribbons opposite that of the law enforcement.   Reporters.  They held cameras and flashed fake grins working hard to get a quote or sound bite from any officer or detective that would make the mistake of speaking too close to an active microphone.  They would then either put the words in print for their papers or play the audio during their newscasts or post both print and audio on their website blogs. The sight of them gave Ashe a cold chill and he wondered how much they were told.  How much did the media know?  There was no way that a double murder in a public park would remain under wraps.  He wondered whether or not the events of the past day could be kept a secret for much longer.  He doubted it, forcing himself to appreciate what Oscar seemed to have done to help his son so far, even if it didn’t include letting him help the investigation.
For a brief second, Ashe regretted going behind his friend’s back, but he knew that he had no other options at the moment.
Staying with the traffic, Ashe continued past the park and made another turn  at a stop sign heading in the direction that would take him to the YSU campus and the Beeghly Center, where Scott played basketball and Coach Barker kept his office.
With his cell phone still out, Ashe made another quick call.  But Oscar didn’t answer.  It rang and then went to voicemail.  When the voice mail message chimed in, he left a quick message asking his friend to call him if he had any new news.  He then hung up.  Where were you Oscar?  Could he possibly be heading toward Coach Barker as well?  Or was he already there?  Or had already been there and left?  He hoped not.
When he drove onto the college grounds, Ashe was instantly flooded with memories of his own college days.  Not the time in grad school, while he had pursued his PhD, but his undergrad time at Kent State University.  Kent State University was one of the largest universities in the state, with several campuses in several different counties.  But Ashe went to the main campus in Kent, Ohio, the campus made famous during the Vietnam War and by the Neal Young song.  
When he began going to Kent State, life was still a blank canvas, one that could still be turned into any picture that he chose.  He did have a major and a person reason to focus on psychology. But he still felt freed by the possibilities put at his feet. He initially wanted to study the brain and research Alzheimer’s in the pursuit of better treatment and management, perhaps even discovering a cure.  The sick and sad disease works to steal the minds of people and in the beginning Ashe wanted nothing more than to focus his life in fighting it.  Yet, even though he seemed to have his future planned, he knew that other options were all around him, if he were to change his mind, which his eventually did.  Those days had been a light and happy time in his life, even if he had been over loaded with studying, stress, homework, a painful ulcer, and other education-related issues.  
But, when it came down to it, the main reason why his time at Kent State was such an enjoyable part of his life was the fact that it was during that period that he had met his soon-to-be wife, Susanne Cummings.  She had been a freshman like him and was taking English as a major, which to Ashe had always seemed like a head-in-the-clouds course study, unlike the solid sciences like psychology.  She had had dreams of being both a poet and an English teacher.  It was her passion and intensity that had attracted Ashe, because it matched his own.  Even then, even on the very first day he met his beloved Susanne, she had seemed to have captured the brilliance of the stars to hold her eyes.  She would never go on to be paid poet, sadly, but managed to fulfill her dream of teaching her love of literature to the local high school kids, at least for a little while.
Turning on to Elm Street, the psychologist found the immense parking area for the Beeghly Center.  There didn’t seem to be anyone to direct him to specific parking area, so he pulled in and parked as close to the front of the building as he could manage.  He parked amongst a small group vehicles, most likely those of employees or athletes at practice.  
He then locked and left his car.  
After walking for a minute while searching for the main entrance way, he was finally able to gain entrance into the building.  He wasn’t surprised at how immaculate the inside of the building was, with a multitude of plaques and pictures and flags. Even though the Penguins were a little known team in comparison to college basketball legends like the Tar heels or Duke, they were a highly favored team of Northeast Ohio, on and off the YSU campus.   
Ashe did not give much of his attention to college sports, sticking mostly with the professional leagues, like the NBA or NFL.  He never took the time to care much about March Madness and The Final Four.  He had never filled out a March bracket.  He was always told that the games were better, more emotional, due to the passionate playing of the college kids.  But he never took the time to see for himself. Yet, even though Ashe never thought much about college basketball, he was pleased when Scott got a college scholarship to play for the YSU Penguins.  He was far from surprised when Scott chose to continue pursue basketball into his college years.  He was only surprised that Scott hadn’t tried to get into a bigger, higher division school, one whose teams had larger audiences and a higher chance at being visited by big league scouts.  A team with a nationwide fan base and viewership tended to bring in the most recognition for their talented players, meaning that more doors were available to lead a player to the professionals.  
	Was that still Scott’s goal?  NBA?  At one point, all Scott would talk about was playing for the Cleveland Cavaliers.  But that could have changed.  
	On his way toward the offices in the back of the building, Ashe passed by a wide doorway.  Through the open set of double doors, he could see out onto a piece of the building’s basketball court.  He paused and admired the sight.  At the center of the polished floor was the penguin insignia, large and strong, showing any opposing team who they were about to face.  
He felt saddened. 
Ashe could recall Scott’s first game in front of a real crowd.  It was during fifth grade.  The school had sponsored a weekend peewee basketball league for anyone who wanted to volunteer.  It took place in the high school gymnasium and gave the feeling of real high school basketball games.  Scott had been excited.  He had been one of the first to sign up, even before he had asked for permission.  
Ashe remembered those early basketball games.  He never expected his son to stick with it, because Scott did not show any initial talent in the game.  Scott would not give up, though.  He went to the school playground whenever someone would take him and he would practice for as long as he could.  He was determined.  He was driven.  And each day he would go home tired and sweaty and satisfied. Ashe was proud at the hard work his son was putting in.
He also didn’t know how his son would react to playing in front of a group of strangers, unsure of whether or not the pressure would manifest and affect his son.  But Scott thrived on it, as if he knew and understood that every single person in the stands, whether they were rooting for his team or against his team, were, at their core, simply to enjoy the games and to passionate support both himself and the other young players.  Even before junior high school began, Scott had found his niche in life.
But after the loss of his mother, Scott put even more time into basketball, more than Ashe had believer possible, using the game as a distraction.  Scott had lived and breathed the basketball court, all through school, and yet Ashe couldn’t remember going to any of his son’s games after the peewee league.  He couldn’t remember going to a single one.  Ashe was always busy, while missing out on watching his son doing the activity that he loved the most in the world.  What a pathetic and neglectful father he had been.
Through a strong work ethic, and to the pride of his absent father, Scott had turned his love for the game into a college scholarship, one he would keep as long as his son’s grades stayed up the school’s expectations.  Which Ashe knew that his son would.  Scott was neither dumb nor stupid nor lazy when it came to studying and tests.  But Ashe couldn’t take credit for that, either, because when it came down to it, Susanne had been the smart one in the family.  Ashe just worked hard and wrapped himself the illusion of above average intelligence, a fog that seemed to trick people, for some reason.  He wasn’t sure how or why but continue to allow people to view him as smarter than he actually was.
Ashe stared at the shiny floor of the YSU basketball court and wondered to himself.  How many times had Scott played on that court?  Many, many times, he was certain.  But not one of those times did Ashe take a few hours from his day to come and support his son.  He had never been in the stands.  He had never attended one single game.  Basketball was everything to Scott and he had never taken a second to care.  
What kind of father did that?
A grieving one?
An angry one?
But Scott had done nothing to deserve the abandonment.  
Moving on, Ashe found his way to a short hallway and a set of offices.  A man that the psychologist believed to be Coach Barker appeared instantly in front of him.  Ashe believed the man to most likely be his son’s coach because the man stood just outside of Coach Barker’s office door.  The man who might have been Coach Barker was deep in a conversation with a woman, both of them wearing comfortable warm-up gear.  Noticing Ashe, the motioned him over and ended the chat with the pretty blonde athlete, who then rushed off the same direction Ashe had come.
“You Dr. Walters?” the coach asked.  He was a sturdy man, not large in stature but obviously solid in build.
“Guilty,” Ashe replied.
“You must hear that word a lot,” Coach Barker began, “in your line of business.”
“My line of business?”
“Scott has mentioned a few time what it is that you do for a living,” he admitted.
Ashe was surprised.
	“Come on in and have a seat,” Coach Barker insisted, pointing into his office.  Once Ashe was in the room and ready to seat himself, the coach added, “You’re the third person to stop by asking about Scott.  To be blunt.”
	The psychologist tensed and slowly eased himself down onto a short gray sofa, which lined a wall of the room.  “Damn,” he mumbled.  “Detectives?”
	“Yep,” the coach answered.  “Detective Harrison and another guy.  The second man didn’t talk much. He seemed a little cranky.  Detective Harrison led the conversation.  They,” Coach Barker continued, taking a chair by his desk, one usually used by visitors, “told me that if you showed up that I should give them a call once you were gone.  He seemed adamant about it.”
	“Detective Harrison is always adamant,” Ashe assured him.  “Why are you telling me this?  Why are you warning me?  You could have just let me leave and then called them.”
	“Because I still have no idea why two detectives were in my office asking me questions about one of my boys,” the coach said.  “And frankly, that doesn’t sit well with me…at all.  He expected me to answer his questions but would never even acknowledge the ones that I voiced to them.  He purposely left me in the dark.  And now you, his father, are here wanting to discuss Scott.  Why?”
	Ashe thought for a minute.
	“My son is in trouble,” he clarified.  “I don’t know how much more I can tell you.”
	“Scott hasn’t showed up to practice in six days.  Which is very unlike him, to say the least.  And with my two visits today, I know that something is seriously wrong.  I need you to tell me something…more than those other close-mouth men.”
	“Are you a father?” Ashe asked.  “Do you have children?”
	“Yes.”
	“How many?”
	“I’ve lost track.”
	Ashe was unsure what the comment meant exactly.
	“Each young man or woman that have been or will be in in this office, out on that court, is my child,” Coach Barker said.  “And don’t tell me that it isn’t the same thing.  I live and sweat for those young men and women, every day of my life, rain or shine.  Everything I do is so that those boys and girls are at their best, physically and mentally.  I want nothing but good things for every one of them.  And I will do whatever I can…whatever is asked of me…for all of them.  So…when something happens to them…I am invested…completely.”
	“Has Scott ever mentioned his roommate?”
	“Owen?  Once or twice.”
	“He didn’t play for the team?”
	“No,” Coach Barker said, almost giggling.  “From what Scott has said about Owen, the boy was not cut from that type of material.”
	“How so?”
	“A little wild, I guess,” the coach admitted.  “Partied.  Late nights.  Scott would be tired some mornings, dragging ass during practice and I would get on him.  He would tell me that his roommate kept him up late…loud music…having friends over…that type of stuff.  He even showed up one practice with his hands, his knuckles bruised and cut up real good.  Said that him and his roommate got into a fight.”
	“A fist fight?  Over what?”
	“He wouldn’t say,” the coach replied.  “But it had to have been something serious for Scott to fight.  Your son could usually keep his head straight no matter what shit was thrown his way.  This Owen kid must have pushed him too far.  Or maybe scared him into reacting.”
	“I’ve never known Scott to get into a fight,” Ashe thought out loud.
	“Some kids just don’t have a violent bone in their body…unless they are pushed to it…and then watch out.”
	“When was this fight supposed to have happened?”
	“A month or so ago…I believe,” the coach replied.  “Maybe sooner…maybe not.  I’m not sure.”
	“You are still having basketball practice?  You said that Scott has missed the last handful of practices?  Isn’t the season over?”
	“And the next season immediately began,” the coach replied, winking.  “Practice never really stops, in season or between seasons.”
	“Any other fights or problems that you know of?” the psychologist asked.
	The coach shook his head.  “Scott didn’t have much of life outside of basketball and his classes, like most athletes on my teams.  Scott was especially driven…in both areas.  I know he worked here and there, whenever he needed the extra cash.  But I can’t say if he is currently employed.  Not much of a social life, as far I know.  Not much time for partying and living it up with the kind of life that your son lives.  It is all about sacrifice.”
	The psychologist knew about sacrifice.
	Ashe asked, “I know that you said Scott had missed a few practices, which was weird, but has Scott been acting weird in any other way, lately? Unusual?  Strange?  Not quit himself?”
	Coach Barker thought.
	“Distracted,” he stated.  “Like something was on his mind and he couldn’t focus.  Again.  That was not like Scott, because Scott is always focused on what he needed to do.  He had been anxious, too, I guess.  Stressed…but what college student isn’t under some kind of crisis, especially one that juggles education and basketball as well as your son.”
	Ashe nodded, even though the behavior could have manifested in his son for other reasons.  Girlfriend trouble.  Money issues.  Drugs.  He hoped that it was simply girls or money.  But he immediately pictured Owen’s bloody mattress and doubted it.
	“Did you ever get the feeling that Scott might have started taking drugs?”
	“No,” Coach Barker blurted.  “Never Scott.  Drugs would interfere with what he wanted out of his life and Scott would never partake in anything that jeopardized his aspirations and potential.  When he would talk about his roommate Owen he would get animated about how much he hated dealing with Owen when he was high or drunk or both.  Never Scott.  Never, ever.”
“Ok.  I had to ask.  Does Scott have a girlfriend?”
	“The girls like Scott,” Coach Barker stated.  “He is a good looking and intelligent athlete at a sports college.  He wouldn’t have any problems attracting a woman or two.  But I can’ say for sure if he was serious with anyone.  I don’t remember him mentioning any girlfriend.”
	Ashe sighed.  A steady girlfriend would be a good source of crucial information.  If he found her, if she were to exist, he might even find his son.
	“Are you going to tell me what this is about?  Or are you going to run off and leave me in the dark as well?” Coach Barker asked.
	Ashe considered doing just that.  But he couldn’t.  He wouldn’t.  Coach Barker seemed to be filling the role of father to his son, the role that Ashe seemed to have abandoned a long time ago.
	“Owen is dead.”
	“What?”
	“Shot.  And Scott is their main suspect.  And he is missing.” 
	“I don’t believe it,” Coach Barker replied, exacerbated by the mere idea, the same reaction that Ashe had upon hearing the news.  “Not Scott.  He had always been one of the better ones around here.  There is no way.  I won’t believe it.”
	Ashe bobbed his head in agreement, choosing to leave out the other two dead bodies.  
	“I believe that you honestly care about my son,” Ashe disclosed.  “I am asking you, as someone else who loves Scott and will do whatever he needs to, do not contact Detective Harrison.  He doesn’t want me involved in this but there is no way that I am staying out.  And please, please don’t contact the media.  It would only cause frenzy and put Scott in more danger.”
	“I have no intentions of contacting anyone,” Ashe was thankful to hear the coach admit.  “I just want you to call me, whenever you know more.  Keep me in the loop.  I beg you, father to father.”
	“I will do that. I promise.” He almost said pinky.
	“Thank you.”
	“I need one more thing.”
	“Shoot.”
	“Did Scott have any close friends?  Anyone in particular that he hung out with on a regular basis?  I know that he was part of a team, but is there one individual you would consider to be Scott’s best and closest friend?”
	“Yea.  Regime Watkins.”
	“Did you tell Oscar about Regime?”
	Coach Barker sighed.
	“Yea.  I did,” the coach said.  “He left a little over an hour ago.  Maybe he’d already talked to Regime and moved on.”
	“Maybe,” Ashe replied.  “I’ll take my chances.  Where would I find him?”

Chapter 18

Ashe didn’t immediately pull into the bar’s parking lot, but instead made a couple passes in order to make sure that Oscar’s beaten Impala wasn’t present.  On the second pass, he was sure that Oscar’s brown, four-door was nowhere in the area.  Nervous.  Anxious.  He pulled his Mazda into a far space, one at the back corner of the small parking lot, where it might not be at once noticed if Oscar were to arrive while he was still inside.  He would have to worry about his escape if or when the time came.
Taking a deep breath, he questioned whether or not he should have parked another place besides at the pub itself, like in the parking lot of another business, from where he could walk over, guaranteeing that his car was hidden.  Even though it wasn’t too late to make that move, he cautiously shut off the car, instead.  The hot motor began to tick and it mirrored the rhythm of unease that was tap tap tapping against his spine.  
Taking a deep breath, he got out of the car.  
The psychologist had a few expectations when he walked toward the small college sports pub and he was not disappointed upon entering.  The bar, even though it was barely late afternoon, was semi-busy with drinking college tweens.  They must be drinking away their strained nerves or numbing themselves for an important upcoming exam.  Finals were lurking in the shadows, after all.  They may even have been toasting to a semester that was closer to over, but that would only include those who were not dumb enough or masochistic enough to take the dreaded summer classes.  Ashe had always taken at least one summer class while at Kent State.  He was pretty sure that he had been both dumb and masochistic, which was one of the many reason he began to study psychology, a science that dealt with trying to figure human nature.  Sometimes it seemed almost as pointless and absurd of a concept as the idea that a meteorologist can successful interpret and predict the flow of air. 
A wise man, perhaps Ghandi, had once stated that all psychologists were actually, deep down, bat-shit-crazy themselves.  And Ashe never argued with that astute observation.  Takes one to know one, they say.
	The psychologist never paused or slowed down upon entering the pub, but instead he went directly up to the populated bar, as if he were an everyday visitor.  He tried give off the aroma of belonging.  However, he was sure his age alone would show him to be a fake, a phony.  If any of the rowdy college coeds cared whether or not he was among them, Ashe could not immediately tell.  They appeared to ignore his very existence, like they most likely ignored every person above the age of twenty-five, outside of their assigned class professors, but that was merely a matter of survival instinct.   
 Ashe noticed that it was a short walk from the side door he had used to the bar, which was a strategic move, he assumed.  If they put the alcohol close to entrances, it gave the students less time to think about what they were doing and change their minds. There must be a short gap between them entering and them pouring booze into their bellies. If not, they may decide to study instead of get drunk.  As if that would ever happen.  The psychologist recalled the time back when was confronted by that same daily decision, to drink or to study, to party or to not.  If he had chosen the booze over the text books a little more often, his life might have turned out completely different, positively and negatively.
	Coming up to the focal area of the pub, the wooden bar, Ashe was assaulted by a row of flat screen televisions on the back wall.  Every televised sports event seemed to be wiping across the thin plasma screens. Bodies dashed and dodged and ran and scored. Instead of becoming hypnotized by the athleticism, like the others who were perched at the bar, he sat on a nearest empty bar stool and motioned for the male bartender.  
	The young man who wore a tan shirt that advertised the name of the establishment, Dogwood, slowly made his way over to Ashe.  There was no other name on the shirt besides that of the bar, which was a sign that the place had a high turnover, so high they didn’t waste their time or money to customize the employees’ uniforms.  Business that hired mostly college student as employees usually went through workers quickly and often.  It didn’t matter to Ashe that the bartender’s name was not put on the shirt, because he knew the young man to be Regime Watkins, his son’s best friend, or so said Coach Barker.
	“Let me get a Sam Adams,” Ashe immediately ordered.  “Whatever is in season,” he then clarified.  “Surprise me.”  When the bartender darted away, Ashe slid a five dollar bill across the wood of the bar.  He wasn’t sure how he was going to play it.  What method would he use to initiate the conversation?  Bartenders were often busy and hard to entice into an actual exchange or discussion longer than a couple seconds at a time.  For a fleeting instant, he considered stating that he was there on behalf of the YPD, but he knew all too well how that had worked out last time.  He didn’t have to wait for an opening or use a specifically designed interrogation method, though, because an opening was at once presented to him.
	The bartender swiftly snatched, opened, and sat the frost bottle down in front of Ashe.  The young man then quickly took the green bill from the bar as he glanced at Ashe’s face.  He became strangely still.   “Do I know you?” he asked before turning to the cash register to make change for Ashe’s bill.
	“Me?”
	Something then happened that the psychologist never would have expected.  Recognition spread across Regime’s face and the young man asked, “You’re Scott’s dad.  Right?”
	Ashe was instantly taken aback and mentally spun around until he was slightly dizzy and ready to possibly fall of the tall barstool.
	“Yea,” the psychologist slowly admitted, trying to show a healthy bit of confusion at how the stranger how recognized him.  He didn’t lead on that he knew the bartender as well and had come to that certain place with a plan and an ulterior motive.  “How did you know that?”
	“I’ve seen a few pictures with your face,” Regime replied.  “Scott showed me them.  He talks about you sometimes.  Not often, I have to admit.  All good things, I promise.”
	“I doubt that,” Ashe mumbled and regretted it.
 He observed the kid, sizing him up.  The young man was obviously an athlete.  The psychologist didn’t have to have been privy to any special knowledge to recognize it.  He could see the tight muscles below the kid’s uniform shirt.  The kid’s appearance was also orderly, with neatly trimmed hair, which was cut very close the scalp.  His face was clean shaven.  From initial appearances only, which sometimes spoke more than a person’s words, Scott’s friend seemed to be a solid and trustworthy fellow.  A lot could be ascertained about a person by the typed of friends the held company with.  A large part of Ashe wanted his observations about Regime to hold true, because it would further back up the notion that Scott had remained good, strong, and wholesome.  
	“What brings you by?” Watkins asked.
	“I was in the neighborhood,” Ashe fibbed.  “Scott always talked about this place.  Felt like a cold beer.  Long day.  You know how that goes.  Right?”
	“I sure do.  Scott coming by to meet you?”
	Ashe inhaled the question.  Regime obviously had no idea what was presently going on with Scott.  Exactly how close were him and his son, exactly?  He wondered.  “I haven’t talked to my son in a little while,” he stated.  “What is your name?”
	“Regime.”
	“Are you and my son close?  You guys hang out a lot?”
	“Most days,” the young athlete answered.  “Hold up a minute,” he added before rushing away when he noticed that another customer had pushed an empty Bud Light bottle across the bar and into the area sometime called the Trench or the Hole, instructing the bartender that another drink was being requested without actually speaking aloud.  Ashe took the moment alone to sip from his own bottle of beer.  After replacing the customer’s empty bottle with a full cold one, Regime returned to Ashe, greeted a familiar female customer along the way.
	Ashe chugged another gulp of his tasty beer.
	“You hang out at Scott’s a lot?”
	“Sometimes…I guess,” Regime replied.  “Not too much.  We usually see each other at practice.  Or we might just hang out…and do…whatever….wherever.  We don’t have a lot of free time to just hang out, you know.  Busy.  Busy.  Busy.”
	“You ever meet Scott’s roommate?  Owen?” he asked.  “I’m not too sure about him.  I get weird vibes.  You know.”
	“A few times,” Regime said.  “Don’t exactly care for the guy, to be honest.  Always doped up on something or another.  Not my type of people.”
	“Get high?” Ashe asked, his voice rising in false surprise.  He then looked around as if he had spoken the scandalous secret too loudly.
	“And low…and over and under,” Regime replied, jokingly.  
	“Does Scott do it with him?”  The eyebrows of the concerned parent lowered down nearly to Ashe’s eyelids.
	“Hell no!” the young man exclaimed, smacking the top of the bar.  His eyes then darting around, as well, seemingly self-conscious about his vibrant expression, as Ashe had pretended to be.  “Scott doesn’t even drink.  I don’t drink either, which is probably surprising, since I work in a bar.  Irony.  I know.”
	It was common knowledge that the psychologist loved irony.
	“Scott is like me…wants to be as healthy as he can be…so he can be the best player that he can be,” Regime continued, pounding his strong fist against his chest.  “I don’t even know why he ever moved in with that dude Owen.”
	“How did they become roommates, then?” Asked inquired.  “Scott told me once but I don’t remember.  It seems like such an odd fit.”
	“I totally agree with you there,” the young man agreed.  “Scott had this one roommate the first semester.  Randy Pride.  Smart dude.  Like genius quality.  Quiet.  Barely knew he was in the apartment, when he was actually at home instead of at the library.  Scott had found him through an ad in Craig’s List.  He had struck gold with Randy.  After that first year, though, Randy transferred to another school, some high collar place in another state.  I don’t know why the dude had gone to YSU for even one semester, instead of a place like Yale or Harvard.  Mystery to me.”  Regime rushed off and then returned to continued.  “Scott was really bummed.  He had to get another roommate and fast.  He couldn’t afford the place on his own. Scholarships don’t pay much in the way of room and board and food.  Just like Randy Pride had done, Scott put an ad on Craig’s List.  Owen Roberts was the only reply.  And your son was desperate.  You know how that goes.”
	“I do.  Why didn’t you guys room together?”
	“I don’t think friends should live together,” the young man informed Ashe.  Smart answer, Ashe thought to himself. “Things can get weird and sensitive and tense, even over the little stuff.  It could end good friendships.  I’ve seen it happen.  Didn’t want that to happen to us.  Scott’s my dude.”
	“Owen rubbed you wrong,” Ashe thought out loud.
	“Very much,” Regime replied, taking the statement for a question.  “I remember this one time that Scott had told me about.  Owen freaked out...more than usual.  Scott said that he was on some kind of acid trip.  Owen came into the apartment yelling and screaming and cussing at Scott.  Scott said that he tried to calm him down.  Scott said that Owen was so far gone that he didn’t even recognize Scott.  Owen thought that Scott had broken into the apartment to rob them…or something like that.”
	“Crazy.”  It was crazy.  Scott had felt threatened by Owen.  Had it been self-defense after all?  But then why had Scott shot Owen while he was sleeping?  There was no confrontation going on at the exact moment.  And why did he then run?  “What did Scott do?”
	“Got Owen under control.”
	“How?”
	“By being the stronger man.”
	“Did they fight?”
	“A little. Pushing and shoving, mostly.”
	“They did have it out again, though, not too long after that,” Regime said, grabbing Ashe’s full attention.  
	“About what?”  
	The young man seemed to search his memory. “He never said or at least I don’t remember if he did,” the bartender replied.  “Same stuff, probably.  If it would have been me, I would have hit that dude a long time ago.  Psycho…drug addict.  But Scott has always had more patience than me, I’m damn nearly a monk when it comes to patience.”  He was summoned away again by the clang of an empty bottle, but swiftly returned.  
	The young bartender continued, obviously caught up in the conversation.  
	“Scott had once told me that he had discovered that Owen has some kind mental health history,” he informed Ashe.  “I guess that Owen had admitted to being in the loony bin, no offense, Mr. Psychologist, somewhere in Cleveland.  It was called Cleveland Mental…something.  I’m not sure.”
	“The Cleveland Mental Health Hospital?”
	“That is the place,” Regime told him, pointing his finger at Ashe.  “Owen never said what he was in there for.  I don’t know if Scott ever found out for sure.  According to Scott, Owen only babbled something about being a loser and whacko.  If I had to guess, I would say that he was in for rehab.”
	“Possibly,” Ashe lied.  But the Cleveland Mental Health Hospital didn’t provide any inpatient rehab or detox services, as far as he knew. It was a serious place for serious psychological issues, which was why he had chosen it for Grub’s transfer.  But why would a college student need a bed there?  It was an interesting question and another location to move on to. 
“Is my guy okay?” the young man asked, suddenly growing concerned, as if finally taking in the whole of their exchange.  “You are playing twenty questions with me, man, and I know an interrogation when it is directed my way.  Come clean with me.  Did something happen?  You didn’t just happen to be in the neighborhood, did you?  I made be a jock but I’m not blind or stupid.”
	Ashe took a long chug and finished his beer. He didn’t put the bottle in the Trench.  It would be his one and only drink.
	“Hold that thought,” Regime forcefully ordered and bustled off.  That time he had a line of customers to tend to.  It gave the psychologist a couple of minutes to consider and determine how much he could safely tell to the young man without making matters for Scott worse.  His thoughts were stiff and he was unsure how to proceed.
	“When was last time that you saw my son?” the psychologist continued to pry once the young bartender was back in front of him.
	“It’s been a few days,” Regime explained.  “He came to that morning’s drills and then he dropped me off for my shift after we were done.”
	“Here?”
	“Of course.”
	“Was he acting…normal?”
	Regime thought.
	“Distant.  On edge.  Cranky.  I just figured he was having problems with Bam,” he replied.
	“Bam?”
	“His girlfriend.”
	“Right,” Ashe replied, as if it weren’t the first time hearing the name.  Another lead.  Perhaps the most important one.  He had to find his son’s girlfriend.  There was even a chance that Scott was with somewhere with his girlfriend that very second.  She might not have any idea that Scott is on the run.  The chance was slim but it existed.
	The psychologist then wondered why Coach Barker hadn’t know about Scott having a girlfriend.  Had Scott hidden it from his coach?  Did Scott chose to keep the girlfriend a secret from others too, only telling his best friend?
	“Scott is rarely in a bad mood,” Regime clarified.  “And Scott rarely complains about Bam or talks about them fighting, but it did happen from time to time.  I didn’t think too much of it…at the time.  Woman troubles can make the happiest person grouchy.”  He laughed. 
	“Scott has been on edge for a while?”
	“A little bit.  I guess.  I don’t know.”
	“What is Bam like?”
	“I really can’t say,” the young man replied.  “I never met her.  Which was weird…now that I think about it…but oh well. He has always made time for his friends, whenever he could.  Scott was good for that.  I’m sure that I will meet Bam when Scott is ready to introduce us.  Scott has been a private person for as long as I’ve known him and I’ve learned not to push the issue.  Sometimes, though, he can be an open book but sometimes that book is sealed tighter than a Swiss bank.  He does talk about her, to me.  I’m sure that I will meet here eventually.”
	“Yea.  I have to get back to work.  Hope they don’t smell the beer on my breath.  I have gum in the car.”  He went to move away from the bar but never made it an inch.
	“Stop, man,” Regime demanded.  “You still haven’t told me anything about what is going on with Scott.  And now you are going skip out on me?  I’m insulted.  You are my dude’s pops and all, but that doesn’t mean that you can piss me off.  You hear me?”  The young man fought to keep his tone from escalating, but his composure was barely in his grasp.  The psychologist respected the passion of his son’s friend.  Regime Watkins cared.  No doubt about it.   
Ashe tried to rub the stress from his eyes with his fingertips.  He failed.  He merely made the sensitive orbs hurt even more.  He inhaled, but before he could begin his explanation, the psychologist made a brief, unplanned glance to the left side of the bar and out that side’s window.  Through the glass he saw something that made his heart stop but his pulse quicken.  A brown car was pulling into a parking spot.  
Frozen in surprise, he watched Oscar’s broad form climb out of the vehicle.  Ashe could tell that his old friend’s face was reddened, darker than its usual tint, in spite of the distance between them.  The psychologist would swear that he heard his old friend groan and grunt with disgust before spitting onto the cement of the parking lot.  
Slamming the car door, Oscar wandered around to the back of the vehicle, stopping by its trunk.  He looked to Ashe like a grizzly bear stomping grumpily through the trees, hoping to stumble upon some fresh food.  The psychologist had a dilemma.  He could either wait to be spotted, to be attacked and eaten, or he could flee before the large, clawed animal took notice.
 Ashe could not wait to be spotted, he insisted to himself.  Even though Oscar and he were close and have been for most of their lives, ever since early childhood, the psychologist knew that the detective separated the duties of his job from his personal ties, meaning that he wouldn’t hesitate to charge his own friend with interfering with an ongoing investigation, along with obstructing justice.  Ashe may end up temporarily in a jail cell and any chance of helping his son would be taken completely from him.
	He considered the exit on the opposite side from where Oscar would soon be entering.  But large windows lined most of that wall.  It would be bad choice for escape, because he would remain in full view of the windows and potentially Oscar right up until he climbed into his car.  The homicide detective needed only a glimpse.  “Where is your bathroom?” Ashe blurted to Regime.  
	“What?”
	“Where is your bathroom?” he repeated.  “Is it in the back?”
	Regime pointed to a back corner, past a jukebox, another flat screen television, and the expanse of windows.  “Back there,” he said with suspicion.  “What the hell is going?  Are you going to bail on me, after all?”
	Ashe’s hastened even faster as he again regarded Oscar Harrison, who continued to admire the sun while he waited for another figure to immerge from the car. 
“Damn it!” Ashe cried out.  
The other, slower detective opened his car door and exited the brown car.  Roger Geiring.  Detective Geiring was a middle aged cop, a hard ass with an old school state of mind when it came to police work.  He didn’t agree with the use of outside consultation and never had. He didn’t like psychology as a whole.  It was on even tilt with voodoo and astrology.  Only cops should be allowed to do cop work.  An investigation didn’t need what Geiring often described as guessers and liars.  He had never cared for Ashe and always claimed that psychologist got in the way of the real detectives.  It never mattered how invested Ashe often became in the case or the results he may have brought forth.  In Geiring’s eyes, he had never been nothing more than an imposition and a liability.  
Can’t teach an old cop new tricks, Ashe often told himself, because it used to help ease the stress pains he received from the gray haired detective.  It was either repeat the saying until he was calmed…or punch the egotistical cop in the jaw.
There was more behind the words and action of Geiring, Ashe was certain, but the psychologist never took the time to dig deeper into the son of a bitch’s psyche.  If he ever did, he bet he would find a long line of lawmen, possibly going to back to the old west and six-shooters, when cops drank whiskey while on duty and had shoot-outs in front of the local tavern/brothel.  It would explain his outdated views and old-fashioned arrogance.  
Before the pair of detectives chose to approach the sports bar, they stood for a couple minutes to discuss something.  Ashe watched them, still slightly frozen.  He remembered when he had been be the man who stood by Oscar, on their way to question a lead.  A twinge of what might have been jealousy unexpectedly vibrated in Ashe’s gut.  He turned away and looked back at the bartender.  
	“What is wrong?” Regime asked.
	“Look,” Ashe began.  “Scott is in trouble and a pair of police officers are about to walk in here to question you.  They believe that your best friend Scott shot and killed his roommate Owen in cold blood.  In fact, they are pretty certain of it.  Mainly because Scott is running and no one knows where is or might be heading.”
	“Wait.  What?  Bullshit.”
	“No bullshit,” Ashe assured.  “Truth.  And the police department wants me to stay out of the investigation, but I won’t stop until I find Scott.  If they catch me with you, it could all end right now. Will you help me?”
	“Yes.  Of course.  Hurry out the back.  Quickly.”
	“I was never here,” Ashe blurted, before departing from his seat seconds before Oscar waltzed through the door.  As he pushed across the distance and into the men’s bathroom, he heard Oscar call for the bartender by name.
	The bathroom was decent size, consisting of two stalls, two urinals, two sinks, and one snug, medium sized window.  Ashe rushed over to the window and felt a little relief when he saw that it slid upward to open and it didn’t have a screen.  But when he tried to force it upward, the glass jolted to a stop as the wood frame jammed.  He was left with only a gap of a few inches.
	Ashe breathed heavily through his nose.
	Putting his fingers through the gap, he shoved as hard as he could.  The psychologist sweated and swore at the stubborn sheet of glass, thankful that no one else was using the bathroom.  Inch by inch it began to move and slide until it was finally open.  Looking around the window, Ashe saw that he had no leverage or anything solid to stand on.  Knowing that he damned well shouldn’t, he chose to climb head first out of the window.  Luckily, it wasn’t very high off of the ground.  Halfway out, he used the outside wall to push against.  Once his legs were beyond the threshold, the weight of Ashe’s body pulled him to the ground.  A burst of pain jolted through his right shoulder as it took the blunt force of the short fall.
	Swiftly, Ashe jumped to his feet and immediately felt a discomfort in his right leg.  No one had been lingering outside the bar to see his embarrassing escape.  Moving quickly, he knew full well that he couldn’t go back to his car.  It was in full few of the side windows.  
Damn it, he wanted to cry out.  He should have parked somewhere and walked.  Damn.  
He regained his bearings.  It was as he had figured.  The bathroom window had placed him at the front corner of the building, where there were no windows, away from the line of sight of the side windows and Oscar.  Across the four-lane road outside of the pub, the psychologist saw the golden arches of a popular fast food place.  He would have to use his sore body and limp his way over to it, so that could wait there until Oscar and Geiring left, hopefully without seeing his car. 
The street’s bright yellow cross-walk was a few from him.  Ashe went to the curb and waited for the traffic light to change in his favor.  He then proceeded as swiftly as possible toward the McDonald’s, the entire way planning out his next move.  He had the name of Scott’s girlfriend, but it was only a nickname.  That information would be useful, at least not yet.  But he had also been told that Owen Roberts had spent some time in Marymount.  He saw no harm in wading into the victim’s psychological past.  
It took nearly around thirty minutes for the two detectives to get what they want from Regime Watkins.  Ashe wondered if Regime had given him up.  As he watched his friend and his nemesis driving away, he had a gut feeling that Regime kept his word and never spoke of Ashe’s presence in the pub.
 Once he was back the driver’s seat of his car, the psychologist took a personal second.  The Cleveland Mental Health Hospital?  Shit, he swore in his head as the sun of a memory dawned on him.  Grub.  The psychologist found his phone and the time.  “Damn it!  Damn it!”  He quickly ignited the car’s engine and swore a third time.

Chapter 19

Ashe paused as his eyes fell on Grub, who was shackled wrists and ankles by metal shackles. Grub was standing by an open doorway, which led to a back area of the prison, a place from where inmates were transported to and from the correctional institute.  Even though his head was drooping, Grub managed to glance back at the psychologist, a melancholy mask covering the man’s face, his emotions low, lower than Ashe had ever seen. The psychologist couldn’t believe how innocent and child-like Grub appeared, like a kid who had just gotten his ball taken away because of bad behavior. Grub didn’t resemble someone leaving a dangerous prison for greener pastures, but a person who was in the process of being moved from one hell to another.  Was that how it was for him?  The psychologist wondered.  From one prison to another?  Ashe had considered the transfer a small win, but he never took the time to consider what the move would mean for Grub.  How would the man’s simple mind translate the situation?  
“How are you holding up?” He asked the hulking inmate.
“I am good,” the bulky man replied.
The two transportation guards were to the side of Grub, wearing bulletproof vests, shotguns sternly in hand.  They were not taking any chances, Ashe figured, while escorting a dangerous man out of a secured and solid stone building and into the open world outside of it.  Anything could happen during the drive and any smart and experienced guard would be alert and ready the entire trip.  Also, they didn’t know Grub from Steven.  To the men, he was nothing but another possibility of violence, violence that a shotgun blast to the head would abruptly put to an end.
Ashe took a step forward and extended his hand to the men.  “I’m Dr. Walters,” he introduced himself.  “I am this man’s psychologist.”  The two men gave the psychologist a minute to exchange handshakes, but were obviously ready to move out.  They wore their impatience on their sleeves, both of them.  Ashe didn’t let the guards simply turn and walk.  Instead, he asked.  “Which one of you is in charge?”
One of the guards, a young man with pale, pasty skin spoke up, his voice deep and confident in his role as transportation leader.  “I am.  William…William Workman, sir.”
“Good to meet you, William,” the psychologist greeted.  “I know that you guys are in a hurry and I hate to slow you down any, I swear.  But I would like to ask permission to join you guys on your ride.  I’ve already cleared with the warden,” which was a lie.  With being distracted by Scott crisis, he had forgotten to ask Warden Chase for permission to accompany Grub.  He then added, “And you do not have to find me a ride back…I have my ways.”
William at once announced his disagreement, “We can’t do that, sir.  It is against regulations.”  His voice sounded like it came from the belly of a bullfrog.  “Sorry.”
“I won’t interfere, I swear,” Ashe replied, putting his palms out to show his docility.  “You won’t even know that I am here.  I will be quieter than a fly on the wall, a crab in your pubes.”  He hoped the joke would lighten the mood.  But he failed miserably to even conjure a smirk or smile from the pair of correctional officers.
William shook his head.  The other guard then took his turn to disagree with the psychologist.  “Sorry, sir.  Even if we were allowed, there isn’t any more room in the front of the van.”  
“Your name?”
“Ben.”
“Well, Ben,” Ashe continued, “I would like to ride in the back, anyway.”
“With the inmate?” Ben asked, caught off guard.  “No offense, sir. But are you fucking crazy?”
“Jury is still out,” the psychologist joked, again, and failed, again.  “Okay.  Listen guys.  Grub is still my responsibility and I wish to ride with him and be with him until he gets to where he is going.  My presence will make the ride a little smoother, if you know what I mean.”  He glanced back forth from man to man, keeping strong eye contact with both.  He then took a second to gather another thought.  “Besides, Dr. Sheth is a close friend of mine.  I’m sure he wouldn’t mind if I tagged along.  Why don’t you give him a call and we can make some plans.  Okay?”
“Dr. Walters,” William said, “you are making us late.  Dr. Sheth will be in charge of the inmate whenever we arrive there, but he is not in charge of the transfer.  The prison system sets up and carries out the transfer…not him.”
“I knew that,” Ashe replied, kicking himself in the ass.  He then hastily got out his cell phone and called Warden Chase’s office.  It rang once and then he heard her loud feminine voice at the other end.  “Warden Chase?  Ashe.  I know.  I know.  I know.  I am dealing with my issues but I have something else come up that brought me back to Wilson temporarily.  Grub.  Yes.  Grub.  I promised him that I would go with him during his transfer, remember?  You gave me the green light?”  He took a chance that the warden, being always piled onto with work and things to remember, might actually believe that she had forgotten Ashe’s request, a request that she had never in fact received.  And it worked.  “I did.  I know.  You will have to okay it with these thorough guards, here.  A good pair of men, I tell ya.  Yes.  Yes.  Thank you.”  He turned and handed the cell over to William.  He listened for nearly a minute before handing the phone back.  
“That takes care of that,” William told Ashe.  “Are you sure about this?”
Ashe nodded.  He was sure.  
“Let’s get this done, then,” the guard replied.  “Ben.  Let us get the criminal in the van, please.”
The psychologist followed closely behind the guards as they led the inmate to the nearby steel door.  William pulled on a laminated badge that hung around his neck by thin string and swiped it across a scanner.  A red light turned green and the door locks released.  William then moved to the front of the pack and pushed the thick door open.  His attention never fully left the inmate and the other men behind him.  
Sunlight swiftly flooded into the dark, dank prison causing Grub to become startled, stumbling backward.  It was as if he had forgotten the brilliance and intensity of the sun.  When was the last time he had been outside? Ashe wondered.
Just beyond the doorway, at the bottom of a set of metal stairs, the guards had parked their armored van.  In spite of what people think, a prison inmate was never transferred in a vehicle that would stand out to onlookers.  It was important to avoid unwanted attention.  There wasn’t any logo spray painted across the side.  Even though the sides were made from dense metal, damn near impenetrable, they appeared to be just as flimsy as the frame of any other business vehicle.  There weren’t any bars installed into the windows of the van’s back doors, because the glass itself was nearly unbreakable.  The front windows were just as sturdy.  And the van was not dark or black in color.  It was a simple, normal, unimportant white.  The van could easily be that of any plumber or any HVAC worker.  It was like every other business van that could be found driving up and down the streets of Youngstown or Cleveland or the suburbs in between.
William pulled open the van’s back doors to reveal an empty space.  Short, narrow benches lined the van’s walls.  The guard turned back to Grub.  “Get in,” he ordered the criminal, point the direction with the barrel of his shotgun.  
“Let me,” Ashe interrupted, before hoisting himself up into the vehicle.  He grabbed a swift glance at where he would be spending the next hour.  Nice.  Snug.  Cold and barren.  But the ride wasn’t entirely about his own person comforts and needs.  It was also about getting Grub safely to his new home.  And it was also about peace of mind for the psychologist, no matter how selfish that was.  He needed a few breaths without thinking about where his son was and what he was doing.  
The psychologist didn’t fully enter the van but remained in the open back entrance.  Taking Grub into consideration, he reached out and offered the big man some help, because he knew that the inmate was often awkward in his movements, sometimes seemingly stumbling over thin air.  Gripping the criminal by the shackled right forearm, Ashe pulled and pulled, managing to give the man a little needed leverage for him to make it up and into the armored vehicle.  
Behind Grub, the psychologist managed to catch sight of the guards and their facial responses to his compassion for the convicted criminal.  They had not expected it.  And they didn’t appear to know what to think of it.  But Ashe didn’t give a shit how a pair of jaded, cynical prison workers viewed his acts of mercy and humility.  They were his acts to perform, whether they were to be judged or not.  He knew Grub.  He knew the killer.  But he also knew the man behind the crimes.  They did not.  And that was all that he needed to comprehend about the situation.
Grub chose the bench to the left, leaving the psychologist with the one on the right.  Sitting silently, he watched the guards attach the inmate’s wrist and ankle shackles to an iron bar that ran underneath his seat.  Grub didn’t move a muscle while the men did their work and remained absolutely quiet until they left.  Once the men were gone and the van door was closed, he finally spoke more freely to Ashe.
“Long ride?” he asked the psychologist as the van’s powerful engine roared to life.  The machine was then shifted into gear and began to bounce its way out of the prison grounds and toward the big city of Cleveland.
“Long enough,” Ashe replied.  “Too long,” he admitted.
“I am going to a good place?” Grub asked.  “Sure?”
“Completely,” replied the psychologist.  “I hope you know that.  I hope you know that I would never send you anywhere bad.  I am going to protect you.  I promise.”
“Pinky?”
“Pinky,” Ashe agreed.  “Both pinkys.”

Chapter 20

The entire ride had been silent, at least it had been for Ashe and Grub.  It was solemn and anxious, as if the trip had been building up to an eruption, an explosion that the psychologist didn’t see coming, only felt it in his gut.  Thankfully, the explosion never took place and Ashe simply chalked it up to his own nerves and sense of foreboding doom for his son, Scott.  He couldn’t shake the feeling that Scott was heading down his own long road, the kind that led a person to darkened places, perhaps even toward the death that had been stalking his dreams.  That internal belief began to bleed over into his other activities, altering his perception of things that had nothing to do with his son.  
The guards had an entirely different type of trip, however, one filled with conversation and laughter.   Ashe could hear the muffled voices, even through the van’s thick walls.  The psychologist envied them, knowing that any conversation or laughter that had went on between Grub and himself would have been forced and fake.  He wished that he had the ability to give Grub a better quality of attention and companionship during the lengthy ride, but he couldn’t shake away thoughts of Scott.  Ashe was presently with Grub during an important event in the big man’s life, but his thoughts never fully left Scott behind.  And he had felt guilty and regretful about it.  When the van began to slow speed and the awkward excursion was nearly at an end, Ashe felt a little glad, which strengthened his feelings of guilt and regret.  
Damn it, Scott, he wanted to scream aloud.  Instead, he forced himself to try and concentrate on what was in front of him.  He had promised Grub that he would be there with him…and damn it…he would do his best to keep at least some of that promise.  Everyone else in Grub’s life had failed him and Ashe swore to himself that he would be there for the man every step of the way.  He would not let the man down.  He refused to.
The van came to a complete stop and the psychologist rose to his feet at once.  The ceiling was low, as could be expected, and he had to stay crouched in order to walk over to Grub.  “Are you ready, my friend?”
“I guess,” the big man answered.  His eyes still held innocence, an innocence that was deep down inside.  It was real, unlike how some other criminals pretended to be innocent in order to trick their appointed psychologist.  But no trickery existed inside of Grub, only a sad soul that was shaped into a bad guy against his will.  Every time that Ashe considered what happened to Grub, he wanted to cry out in anger.  The man never had a chance and was beaten and broken by someone who was supposed to nurture and strengthen him, his father.
Ashe put his hand on Grub’s shoulder and squeezed gently.  “You deserve this, Grub.  I just wish that there was more that I could do for you.  I just wish there was more…”  He couldn’t finish the words, because there wasn’t more that he could do, no matter how much he wanted there to be.  What was done was done.  What shall be shall be.  That was the way the world worked, even if it sometimes pissed off and depressed the psychologist.  Standing there, stooped over the convicted man-child, Ashe had never felt more helpless and useless.  He couldn’t help Grub.  And he may not be able to help Scott.
The back door to the van suddenly swung open to break the psychologist’s train of thought. “You guys ready to go?” guard William asked.  Ashe nodded in agreement.  The guard then handed his shotgun away to Ben, who remained on the outside of the vehicle.  William then clambered up into the vehicle to swiftly and emotionlessly detach Grub from the rod beneath the bench.  He then motioned everybody, the inmate and the expert, to move out.   Watching them exit, the guard then followed and retrieved his shotgun from his partner.  “This way,” William then directed, pointing to a single blue door.  The pair of guards remained behind the big man and the crazy psychologist, guns at the ready.
Ashe had known Dr. Sheth for quite a few years, both men being in the similar professional fields of psychology and psychiatry, but he had only been on the property of the Cleveland Mental Health Hospital a small handful of times.  He reasoned that they were on one of the sides about to go into a private entrance, away from the general entranceway that served visitors and employees.  When they came close to the blue door, it swung outward to reveal Dr. Sheth, who must have been waiting on the other side for their arrival.  Ashe hadn’t noticed any windows and wondered how his fellow psychologist had known they were there.  But then he saw the overhead camera and his wondering went away.    
“Ashe,” Dr. Sheth greeted. “I didn’t know you were joining us.” The psychiatrist was from somewhere in Central India, but Ashe couldn’t remember the exact name of the place.  Sheth’s skin held a natural earthy tint, making Ashe envious of the natural tan, like he was of Oscar’s complexion.  Ashe could never tan correctly and remained somewhat pale throughout the entire year, even during the sunny and hot months of summer.
“Sanjay,” he replied.  “It’s good to see you.”
“Let’s get inside, shall we,” he said, swinging the door out wider.  “William.  Ben,” he added, addressing the pair of correctional officers
 Inside the doorway, three men in scrubs awaited.  They were unarmed but large in stature, most likely hired due both their knowledge and experience along with their size and stature.  The Cleveland Mental Health Hospital was not a children’s hospital or cancer treatment center and large men were welcomed for obvious reasons.  Also, for added insurance, William and Ben would remain with the group with their loaded shotguns.
The psychiatrist spoke to the group of young scrubs and the guards, his accent thick, “Go ahead and take Mr. Grub to his room, you know what room it is, so that he will have a moment to settle in before I need to see him.”  Sheth didn’t stick around for a reply, but instead turned and walked off.  Ashe was under the impression that he should follow his colleague, who led the psychologist to his narrow office.  By most standards the office was small, but the room still contained more space than Ashe’s cage.
“Have a seat,” Sheth told Ashe.  “I’m sure that we have a couple of things to discuss.”
“Just a few formalities,” the psychologist assured.  He considered bringing up Owen Roberts but knew it was too soon.  He wasn’t sure if he’d be able to bring up the dead man at all.  Dr. Sanjay Sheth was professional and Ashe didn’t have a close enough relationship with the doctor to guarantee a favor of that magnitude.  Confidentiality was one of the most important ethical factors in the practice of psychology, because protecting the information given by a patient or client was also an act of protecting the patient or client themselves.  And to go against it would not only be a breach of ethical guidelines but a strike against one’s own professional integrity.  “I’m sure that you will have things perfectly under control here,” Ashe continued.
“How have you been, my friend?” Sheth inquired. 
He had been so focused on when or how to bring up Owen, that he had forgotten about personal formalities.  “I have been good…busy.  You?”
“Same,” he replied. “Why are you here?  This is just a routine transfer.  Don’t you have better things to do?”
“There is nothing routine about this transfer,” Ashe responded.  “We had discussed Grub and the special case we have with him.”  Dr. Sheth began to nod agreement.  “I want to make sure that he is going to be taken care and treated correctly.  He is not some low life convict with a mental issue, I promise.  I’m sure that you have at least some experience with these types of circumstances, these types of people, too, Sanjay.  There is no clear cut victim and bad guy, in my mind.  I also made the man a promise.  A pinky promise.  And I’m old enough to remember when those meant something.  And so are you…if I am not mistaken.”
“Very true,” Sheth admitted.  “I don’t want to sound like I am not glad you came, because I am, my friend.  It has been a while and it is really good to see.  Honest.”
“It is good to see you, too,” the psychologist concurred.  “How is your family?  Wife?  Kids?  Still a happy, nuclear family, enjoying the American dream, I expect.  I bet you still work harder than any other man you know, making guys like me look bad in comparison.”
“Yes. And of course,” The psychiatrist laughed heartily, before altering the direction of the conversation back to Grub. “I remember what we have talked about over the phone and I have read over the documents and your notes that you had emailed.  I can see why you insisted that he come here instead of remaining at Wilson, my friend.  Good idea.  He don’t belong there.  But you always did have a soft spot for the lost puppies of the world.”  He made sad face and then barked like a dog.  He laughed heartily again at what to him was a hilarious joke.
“It’s a curse,” Ashe said.  “You really think that Grub belongs here?”
“No doubt,” the psychiatrist insisted.  
“And you can supply crayons,” Ashe half-joked.  During one of their phone calls, he had explained in great detail the need and necessity for Grub to have access to coloring books and crayons.
“The best in the city,” Sheth assured.  “How about I go and meet my new roommate.  Are you coming with me?  Or do you have to run?”
The psychiatrist was giving Ashe an out and he decided to take it…without bringing up Owen Roberts.  He couldn’t ask his friend to violate his duties, no matter how much he wanted to.  It would be wrong, selfish.  “This is where I get off, I’m afraid,” he said.  “You understand.  I have to hire a cab and get back to my city.  I will call here in a few days to check in and see how Grub is fitting in.”  He shook Sheth’s hand.  
“Good to see you, my friend,” the psychiatrist repeated.
“You too,” Ashe replied, before pulling out his cell, pretending to call a local cab company had used on many occasions while in Cleveland.  With the phone to his ear, he then left the office and went down the hallway.  Once he had reached the corner, he swung around and ducked out of sight.  He put himself out of view and waited to hear Dr. Sheth’s hard soled shoes.  It wasn’t long before he heard the clop clop clop against the white tiles.  He listened to the steps as they slowly made their way in the opposite direction.  He remained still until the sound was completely gone.
Peaking around, Ashe checked to make sure the hall was clear.  He swiftly scurried back into his friend’s office and to the other side of the room’s desk.  A thin laptop was open and the psychologist touched the connected mouse, forcing the screen to life.  There didn’t appear to be any need of a password, so he was able to freely search for files pertaining to Owen Roberts.  He knew that he didn’t have time to perform an in-depth penetration into the computer’s systems, so he chose to manually search for a specific name.  He typed and hit ENTER.  A folder popped out into the forefront and Ashe clicked on it.  Another couple of clicks and he found what he needed.  He didn’t click on the file containing the legal documentation, because he didn’t need to read through the long and lengthy court papers.  All he needed was Sheth’s own set of personal notes and recording, because in his notes and recordings Sheth would have cut out the fat that was always throughout any court documents, leaving him only the juicy, tasty meat.
…They believe the assault to be influenced by drugs, most likely heroine. A pending drug test will confirm.   But it is unsure at this time why the assault began within Owen Roberts’ own home, the first victim being his father, who was brutally stabbed six times with a kitchen knife. The father survived without much lasting damage.  The initial outburst could have begun over a number of things, like money.  Or it could simply be a manifestation of whatever drug might have taken and its effect on Owen’s state of mind.  Owen claims that he doesn’t remember the specifics of the string of attacks, stating that it all remains a blur…
Owen had attacked his father at the beginning of a violent tirade before moving on to others, while high on some kind of drug, possibly heroine, proving that he had a history of drug use even as a teenager.  Sheth stated in his notes that Owen had been sixteen years old at the time of the incident.  It also gave another example of Owen acting out violently while on drugs, like the time he had acted out toward Scott, mistaking his own roommate for an intruder.   
But why send him to Cleveland Mental Health, especially since he was a juvenile?  Ashe had ever questioned whether or not the facility dealt with drug related issues, which it must since Owen was definitely a patient of Sheth.  By why Cleveland Mental Health?  Why a juvenile detention center, where they are often equipped to hand detox?  Ashe read onward and found the answer a ways into the notes.  Owen was the son of an important attorney, Ivan Roberts of Downey, Roberts, and Lex, one of the top corporate firms in Cleveland.  They had connections all over the city.  The psychologist was sure that Owen’s father had pulled some strings in order to get his son into the private and often tight-lipped facility, even though he had been the first victim of his son’s drug induced rage.  Ashe was also sure that the act of putting Owen into Cleveland Mental Health had been a way to keep the attack as quiet as possible.  Being the son of an important man, one who most likely drank scotch with the city’s mayor, appeared to have benefits.
He wanted to read the notes over thoroughly but didn’t want to push his luck and have his friend walk back into the office to catch him snooping.  He visually scanned his area and found a printer placed on a side shelf of Sheth’s desk.  CTL P.  He began to print.  Even though the machine spat out page after page in rapid succession, Ashe swelled with impatience, every little sound resembled hard soled shoes.  When the final page fell, Ashe tore the stack from the tray and rushed from the room.  He was sorry that he had to betray another friend, but what other choice did he have?

Chapter 21

It was a garden.  Indeed.  But instead of pretty flowers, colorful and various, or fruit, juicy and delicious, the garden around Ashe was filled with planted slabs of stone, polished and engraved.  Also, below the planted stones, other things were planted into the earth, husbands, wives, sons, and daughters.  It was a garden of loss and memories, of pain and longing.
After managing to make it back from Cleveland, Ashe didn’t know where else to go or who else to talk to.  He had learned some important things about Owen, but the path seemed to have faded beneath his feet. If he only knew the full name of Scott’s girlfriend.   Many things were spiraling around in his mind, threatened to bring his high mood down to the dirt. He needed a kind ear, someone he loved to comfort him.  Kneeling at the grave of his late wife, he decided to speak to the only person he ever truly trusted.  
He leaned down and ran his eyes across her name.  Susanne Walters.  The normal feelings of guilt and anger and regret washed over him like a strong, hot spring.  No.  It was more like quick flowing rapids, deadly, if not journeyed with caution.  
He pictured his wife.  
Her dark black hair, which seemed to hold perfectly formed natural curls, was always tied up in a ponytail, no matter how many times Ashe insisted that she leave it down.  She looked sexy as hell with her hair down, hanging loose against her shoulders, one side tucked behind her right ear.  Moments had existed in those days, either during the first minutes of the morning, before his wife had had the chance to completely start her day, or during the last minutes of a long evening, when she would had finally let herself relax, in which her hair would be allowed to tumble down.  It had been beautiful.  
Ashe had also loved Susanne’s smile, which never seemed to touch more than one side of her lips, making it more of a smirk than a grin.  It was a clever bend of her mouth, as if she knew a truth about things, a truth which was both funny and clever at the same time.  He always wished he could have shared that truth with his wife.  But she had taken the answer to that mystery with her.
“Dust of the dead/inhaled each day/in/through/and out again.”  Ashe thought hard about the next lines of the poem.  “Ashes to ashes/one breath at a time/in/through/and out again.”  It was one of her poems that managed to get lodged in head for days at a time, both as wonderful as it was truthful.  “Taste it on the tongue/those who fill our chests/in/through/and out again.”
Before meeting his wife, he had only a passing interest in poetry, in the writings of T.S. Eliot or W.B. Yeats.  But Susanne’s passion for that type of literature affected him, because he felt it like heat coming from an oven.  
He loved his wife’s poems more than anything.  They were always simple.  He was far from an expert when it came to prose or stanzas, but Susanne’s writing always spoke to him, as if they were his own thoughts and emotions expressed in a way that he wished he could express himself.  And what more could a person ask from a poem.
“Ashes to ashes/one breath at a time,” he repeated.
“Baby,” Ashe said in a low voice.  “I love you.  More now…than ever before.  I wish you were here with me now.  Dear god, I wish that so very much.  I need you.  I need your strength.” He felt his eyes getting warm.  “Scott’s in trouble.  Your baby boy is in real bad trouble, hun.  And I’m trying…but I don’t know if I can help him.  I am trying so hard…but I don’t know if I can do it.”
Ashe paused. Tears lined the bottom of his eyes, but never fully fell.
“He killed someone.”  The words hurt.  But they were true.  There was no more denying it.  Scott was guilty.  In the beginning, Ashe wanted to prove his son’s innocent.  He wanted to show that Scott had not killed Owen.  Even though everything that happened proved to him otherwise, he had hung on to the hope of his son’s innocence. It was reckless.  It was biased.  And it was compromised.  But that finally changed.  It was no longer about innocence.  It was about…why?
Why?
“I don’t know where to go from here,” Ashe admitted.  “But I’m going to keep going.  For you.  For our son.”
Oscar had been right.  He was emotionally compromised.  But he was also driven, more than anyone outside the situation would be.  He was not on a mission to simply find Scott, as Oscar and the rest of his group may be.  He was on a mission to find the reason…the reason behind the bodies.
The reason.  That was where he needed to find his way to.
His thoughts were suddenly interrupted by a sight.
	Lying on the dirt directly next to Susanne’s tombstone, sat a bundle yellow flowers.  They looked fresh.  But they weren’t the kind of flowers someone would buy at a flower store.  They were more like the type that would grow wild in some yard, growing in the Spring only to die off in the Fall.  They weren’t even flowers at all.  They were Dandelions.  Weeds.  Weeds that sprouted all over Ohio.  In fact, there were clusters of them all around the cemetery, ready and waiting for someone to spontaneously pluck them during an unplanned visit to the cemetery.  
	Ashe rose from his leaning position and began to look around him.  When were the flowers placed?  Recently?  Scott?  Could his son have just been there, leaving flowers, the only flowers that he could find in a hurry, at his mother’s grave? 
	Looking around, his heart beating fast, Ashe searched the graveyard for another body, but not another figure could be seen.  He fought the urge to run around the cemetery, checking each shadow and behind every tree.  But he didn’t.  Scott was not there.  He would once again be chasing a ghost.  
	He needed to get his head clear.
There were flowers in the garden of stone, after all, he admitted.


Chapter 22

A few hours later Ashe found himself at home, sitting hunched over his circular dining room table, sipping on his third Sam Adams.  He took a drink and put down the sweaty bottle.  A pen wiggled in his other hand as he tried to concentrate.  He was in the process of putting down notes into one of his many spiral notebooks.  He was trying to list facts about Scott and the killings that were solid and indisputable.  From the facts he might be able to logically deduce the reasoning behind them, mainly the reasoning behind Owen.
He was not part of the investigation and did not have access to even half of the evidence or information that the police had obtained.  He was at a major disadvantage.  All he had to go on was a few facts and lot of assumptions and logical ideas based on his own professional experience.
He took a large gulp of Sam Adams.  The beer did little to loosen the gears in his mind.  Even so, he took another gulp of the lager and sighed as it slid across his tongue and down his throat.  
He jotted.
Owen was killed while he slept in his bed.  A single gunshot to the head.  Scott ran.  
Killing someone in their bed meant that the crime was most likely committed out of spontaneity or fear of the victim or both.  Ashe thought more about the fear aspect. Fear, at least that type of fear, could lead to desperation. By shooting someone, perhaps dangerous or intimidating, while they were helpless, the shooter bypassed any chances of reaction or retaliation.  
He thought again of Tela, the battered wife who fought back by killing her husband in his bed.  She had feared his retaliation.  She had feared for her own life, which had caused her to stab her husband while he slept.
Had Scott been desperate?
Had Scott been afraid of Owen?
If Owen would have roused or been awake, would the crime have happened? Doubtful.
Understanding that fear and desperation could have been the main emotions behind the crime was one thing, but he could not claim to understand the root behind the fear itself.
Scott had obviously been far from a battered wife.  What had been his trigger?
Why had Scott been afraid of Owen?  
Why had he been desperate?  
A physical confrontation had taken place between Scott and Owen, or so said two leads.  If true, what could the confrontation have been about?  Could it have been the precursor to the shooting? Owen had a documented history of extreme violence while on drugs.  The violent history shows a patter in Owen’s behavior which might have spilled over onto Scott, making Scott react in a violent way.
He thought about what Regime had told him.
Scott had been irritable and distant during the time leading up to the shooting.  
Why?  
If Scott had been afraid for his own safety because of Owen, alternate steps could have been taken that would not have ended in bloodshed and death.
He thought hard for a few minutes, but eventually jotted down another note, another question that he had no choice but to at least consider, even if he hated it down to the core of himself.
Drugs were found in apartment, even if the only evidence of drugs seemed to be in Owen’s bedroom only. Owen had a solid pattern of drug use which matches the evidence found at the scene. But had Scott become involved in the drugs with Owen?  Had they been a factor? Doesn’t seem likely, but can’t be entirely ruled out.
Ashe was well aware of the affects that drugs, any form of drugs, could have on a person’s mental stability.  If Scott had actually become involved in drugs like hallucinogens or other types of drugs that could cause drastic changes in personality, he might not have realized what he was doing, just like Owen didn’t recognize his own roommate.  His common sense could have been clouded, tilted of their center, meaning that the murder could have taken place in a drug induced daze.  
He took another drink of beer.
Was a mental illness a factor?
For some reason the idea that a serious mental illness could have been at the root of the killing almost comforted Ashe.  To him, a mental illness was not an invincible dragon.  It was not an immortal beast.  It was a disease like any virus or bacteria.  It could be documented.  It could be understood.  And most of all it could be treated. 
Ashe tried to treat Scott like any other person with a possible mental illness.  At that moment, he could only document what he believed that he knew about his son.  But the information could be subject to change in the future.
Documented case of Alzheimer’s in the paternal grandfather.  No other history of mental illness has been documented.  No personal history of mental illness or treatment for mental illness had been discovered.  No known history of substance use or abuse existed, but the possibility must be noted.
Possible symptoms…
Ashe wasn’t sure what to write after possible symptoms.  He needed more information.  He needed more witnesses.  He needed more data.  Too many possibilities existed beyond the reported irritability and distraction.  Paranoia.  Hallucinations.  Delusions.  Depression.  Mania.  And many, many more.
He felt like he was running in circles.  Instead of long list of facts, he was jotting down mostly assumptions and inferences.  Ashe took his beer bottle and swallowed the rest of the liquid. Before rising to grab another from the fridge, he wrote down a few things about the shootings in the park.
Self-defense.  
Jacket and gun had been left behind.  
Victims were known criminals and thugs.
 Scott could have left the jacket behind for a specific reason.  But what?  Did he want to prove self-defense?  Was the jacket simply a clue?  But why did Scott feel the need to prove that the killings in the park had been self-defense?  Did he want to separate those acts from what happened to Owen? Differentiate the shootings from one another?
Considering the possibility, Ashe got to his feet.  After dropping his empty bottle into the trash, he moved to open his fridge.  But before he could his land line began to ring.  It broke the silence and startled him.  He leapt to the phone and answered it.
“Scott?”
At first there was only silence, but he then heard a familiar female voice at the other end, “Ashe?  Did I dial the wrong the number again?  Damn rotary phone.  You just can’t trust em.”
“Katherine?”
“Ashe?”
“Yea,” he said, trying to gather his thoughts.  “Hi.  How is it going?  Didn’t expect you to call…at all, to be honest.”
“I wasn’t going to,” Katherine admitted.  “Did that hurt your feelings?  Good.  You deserve it.  I am just joking, though.  I was always going to call you.  I like men who play hard to get.”  She laughed.  It was a cute giggle.
“I’m sorry that I ran out on you,” Ashe said.
“And haven’t called,” she added.
“And haven’t called,” he admitted.  “I’ve actually been extensively preoccupied.  A lot of things are going on.”
“Right this second?” Katherine asked.  
“I guess not right this second,” he admitted.  “Why?”
“How do you, me, a couple bloody steaks, and a shit load of Sam Adams sound?” she said.  “Does that sound like a good time?”
“It kind of does.”
“Can I come over, then?”
“Sure,” Ashe replied.
“Splendid.”
She hung up.  Seconds later a light knock came at the door.  Ashe couldn’t help but to grin.

Chapter 23

The back deck of Ashe’s house was where he would often spend warm evenings, relaxing and staring thoughtlessly out over his rectangular backyard, which was surrounded by a tall white fence.  The fence was not a flimsy picket fence, but something thicker, sturdier, and more secure.  While working in a maximum security prison, habits can sometimes follow a person home.  At least the fence was not topped by razor wire.
 The yard was currently in stages of neglect, Ashe had to admit.  The grass wasn’t ridiculously over grown but it needed a mowing along with trimming around the edge of the house.  He used to be better at taking care of his piece of land, especially the rock path that led from the deck to a square patch at the back corner of the yard.  Over the past few years the large chunks of flagstone that made the path had shifted, causing the walkway to become uneven.  The patch of earth at the end of walkway was once a small garden, but it had become infested with weeds and bugs.  Ashe remembered when the garden was full of growing vegetables, like tomatoes and onions.  But those days were long gone.  Susanne had had the green thumb.   But she was long gone as well.        
	The sliding glass door behind him slammed closed shattering Ashe’s thoughts.  “Your refill has arrived, sir,” Katherine said, handing him a cold bottle of lager.  The top had already been popped and he immediately put the long neck to his lips.  It had been awhile since he had some company on the deck.  He was enjoying it, more than he realized he would.
	“Thank you,” Ashe said. 
 A breeze blew by them and the smell of cooking meat filled his nostrils.  He went to stand but Katherine quickly rushed across the deck toward the large metal grill.  “No.  No.  No,” she cried out.  “I brought the meat, so I get the joy of cooking it.  You just keep your ass in that chair, mister.”
Calling Katherine quirky was an understatement.  But she was fun and Ashe was actually enjoying himself, if only for the moment.  It was a good shift to his serious day.  He watched her as she used a long, two pronged fork to flip the pair of sizzling steaks.  Her grin was infectious.  With her red hair up in a ponytail, he got a good view of her long neck.  Her skin looked creamy, smooth, and soft.  A bead of sweat formed behind her earlobe and it dripped its way down toward her shoulder.  He forced himself to pull his attention elsewhere or may begin to sweat too.
“You seem to know your way around a grill,” Ashe told her.
“Surprised?” she asked, closing the grill.  “Women can grill too, you know.  I found your sexism rude yet attractive.  Funny how that works.”
“That is me all the way,” Ashe replied.  “Rude…and attractive.”
She laughed.  Going to her own chair, she found her beer bottle waiting.  Taking a large drink, she sighed with pleasure.
“You got the rude part right,” she said.  “You did leave me at the altar.”
“You mean restaurant,” he corrected her.
“That is what I said,” she assured him.  “Never correct a woman when she is lying.  That type of shenanigans will only get you shot.”
“Been there, done that,” he replied.
Katherine’s eyebrow rose.  “Pray tell.”
He took a drink.  
“That isn’t something I disclose on a second date,” he explained.
“Second date?” she asked.  “I thought this was a booty call?”
Ashe nearly spat out a mouthful of beer.  “You’re crazy,” he swallowed and then blurted.
“That is why I am here, Dr. Walters,” she said.  “I came to tell you my darkest dreams and my lightest fantasies.”
“How about your lightest dreams and your darkest fantasies,” he replied. Was he flirting?
“Not on a second date, Doctor,” she said.
“I thought that this was a booty call,” he corrected.
“You wish.”
The discussion remained fluffy and somewhat flirtatious as the steaks cooked and the sun disappeared.  As the night came so did a chill that chased them back into the house.  He was trying his best to stay in the moment and not think about anything else, but his mind continuously attempted to sneak back to Scott.
“Where are you, right now?” Katherine asked.
He met her eyes from across the dining room table.  He cleared his head and replied, “Nowhere good.”
“I’m a good listener,” she told him.  She reached across the table and touched his hand.  “Anytime you want, I will join you in that place.”
He withdrew his hand and used it to take a piece of steak from his plate.  The steak was delicious and he stretched out his chewing, enjoying all the mesh of spices that filled his mouth.  When he was finished, he replied, “Not a place anyone else can go.”
“I’d be happy to try,” she said, before changing the subject.  “How was work, today?  I’m interested.  Very interested.”
Ashe thought about it.
“A transfer finally went through for one of my patients,” he began.  “Grub, or at least that is the name he answers by.  I’ve been trying to get the board to approve his move to a psychiatric facility for some time.  I’ve been worried that it might not go through or go through on time.”
“What do you mean?”
“In prison,” Ashe said, “there are those who are mentally incapable of protecting themselves.  They are easy prey and are often isolated, used, and manipulated.  They can’t fight back.  They are not strong enough.  If they do fight back…it never ends well for them.”
“What did grub do?”
He knew the question would come.
“Sexual assault,” he quickly answered.
“Sexual assault?”
“Young girls.”
Katherine swallowed hard.  Her eyes lowered to her steak, but Ashe knew she was looking far beyond the piece of meat.  “How awful.  That is…terrible.  Why would you try to protect someone like that?  Why would you care if they are hurt or even killed?  Doesn’t he deserve whatever happens to him?”
“No.”
“No?”
“Would you punish a dirty, mistreated dog, when the only life they had ever known was violence and aggression?” he asked.  “If that dog was trained to bite and didn’t know any better, would you blame him for biting you?”
“Yes.”
He sighed.
“Bad example.  Grub was trained and molded to be a sexual predator from birth,” Ashe continued.  “His father taught him how to rape and abuse, forcing him to practice on his own sister.  It became as natural as breathing.  He never had a chance in hell at being anything but what he became.  Should he be punished for what was out of his control?”
“But aren’t violent dogs usually put down?”
“Yea,” he agreed. “But should they be?”
She didn’t answer.
“Grub will most likely never be free,” he admitted, “Even if he survives his long sentence.  There is no way, in modern society, to get around that.  I’m not saying otherwise.  As a psychologist and human being, I have to take into consideration the life of others, as well.  His treatment and cognitive restructuring might work or it might not, most likely not, but we have to try.  Grub is a monster, like that made by Frankenstein, but I also can’t help but view him as a victim.  He doesn’t belong in the same building as…Franklin Barrett…a rich, spoiled snake who murdered his wife and son in cold blood.”  
“Franklin Barrett?  You’ve met with him?”
“Just briefly,” Ashe said.  “I’m not impressed.”
He took a long drink of beer.  His face was becoming warm and he knew the alcohol was taking a hold of his brain.  He chewed and swallowed another bite of steak, hoping that the meat might soak up some of the beer in his gut.  At the same time, part of him didn’t want it to.  He wanted to feel the buzz.  He wanted to feel the bite.
“I don’t want to talk about Franklin Barrett.”
“Your beer is about empty,” Katherine blurted.  “Let me get you another one.”
“Thank you.”
Ashe closed his eyes and listened to Katherine.  Her feet on the tile floor.  The opening of the fridge.  Her voice.  “Did you know that you have a message on your machine?”  She pushed the button.  Suddenly, he found himself lunging out of his chair and across the room.  But he was slow to react.
“Sweetheart.  Love you.  Love you…”
He pushed the button to stop the recording and stood there in silence.
“Your wife?”
Ashe nodded.  He leaned his body against the counter and tried to catch his breath.  As usual, the message was like a punch to the gut, taking away the wind from his lungs.  He could listen to it over and over and the effect would be the same.
“It was like she was in the room with us,” Katherine mumbled.  She was standing directly next to him, close enough that Ashe felt her heavy breathing.  “I can’t imagine how hard that has to be for you.”
“It gets easier,” he lied.
“Tell me about her?” she asked.
He shook his head.  But he couldn’t help but to think about one aspect of his wife.  When she died.  Steven Reynolds’ name had recently been uttered by another murderer and it bothered him.  He could not have anticipated the effect hearing that man’s name out loud had caused him.  It was like his wife’s voice, hearing it out loud will always have the same effect.
“Tell me something about her?”
Ashe lowered his eyes.
“During that time, I was still an outside consultant for the YPD, helping investigate and profile crimes, mostly deaths for the homicide department,” he said.  “Susanne understood why I did it, even though it would often be dangerous.  She understood why I helped.  She would often tease, saying that I had a superhero complex.  But I don’t think that that was close to true.”
“You wanted to catch the bad guys,” Katherine stated.
“If I could help,” Ashe began, “why shouldn’t I.”
“I understand.”
“There had been a rash of murders four years back, spreading from Youngstown and into Cleveland,” Ashe continued.  “Prostitutes.  Brutal crimes.  The killer had been quickly named the Eastside Slasher, for whatever reason.   Detective Harrison and his group from the YPD division of homicide worked with detectives from Cleveland.  Mainly a man named Wan.  The FBI joined the case after the fourth victim was found in Shaker Heights.  I was brought in about that time.  Detective Harrison, Oscar, had brought me in and forced the FBI to take me seriously.”
“You were his go to guy,” Katherine added.
“I was,” he said.  “He’s an old friend.  But he would never include me unless he trusted that I could do the work.”
“I’m sure that you were more than capable,” Katherine insisted.
“Sometimes I wasn’t so sure,” Ashe said.  “I had spent hours bent over the pictures of the first three crime scenes.  I had then been present at the fourth and fifth.  My skin still shivers at the thought of those killings.”  He took a minute.  “The bodies had been mutilated.  Mangled.  They had been found in dirty motel rooms.  In the rooms…there had been more blood than oxygen.  Everywhere.”
He paused.
“Sexual abuse and penetration had been present,” he said.  “I still don’t know how they were able to figure that out, given the shape of the bodies.”
“It’s amazing what they can do,” Katherine added.
“I’m sorry,” Ashe apologized, shaking his head.  “You don’t want to hear any of this.”
“I do,” she quickly objected.  “I do…because you want to say it.”
“My initial profile,” he immediately continued, “had been that of a sexual sadist, male between the ages of twenty to forty years of age, who hated women. Hated them and wanted to punish them.  All the rage was released through acts of extreme violence and sexual viciousness.  The rage might have come from inadequacies in social skills, due to a possible disfigurement or stutter or other socially crippling factors.  Whatever the root, women didn’t pay attention to him.  And the anger had finally boiled over.”
“Why hookers?”
“Prostitutes are often an easy target.  You pay them and you can get them into situations normal women would never enter,” he said.  “Easy.”
He paused.
“I had profiled the murderer to most likely to be a loner,” he explained, “due to his socially crippling factor.”
“Sounds like a good profile,” Katherine replied, inching even closer to him.
“No.  It wasn’t,” he assured her.  “I had been wrong.”
“Wrong?”
“It didn’t have a thing to do with social inadequacies,” he continued.  “Or built up sexual frustrations.  The crimes had not been about that at all.  They had been about power.  Control.  Blood lust.  I should have seen it sooner.  I had gotten the sadism part right, but nothing else continued to fit.”
“How did you figure it out?”
“The bodies,” Ashe said.  “Results from forensics showed us that the murders took place over two days.  That hadn’t fit my initial profile.  When frustration and rage builds up to a boiling point it erupts and the explosion is hot but burns out quick.  Once the frustration is vented, the killer is spent and the event is over.  It should not have lasted for a couple days.  It was not impossible, but not likely.  The Eastside Slasher had taken his time, enjoyed the act itself.  He had liked to bind the girls to the bed, slowly raping and mutilating them until there was nothing left.  He had displayed his dominance over them, over their life, and then he took it when he saw fit.”
“That is…horrible,” Katherine sighed.
“Yea,” he replied.  “And the evidence had left little else to go on outside of a vague profile.”
“But you figured out who did it?”
“Yea,” Ashe replied.  “But only because he had made a mistake.”
“A mistake?”
“When the last body showed up,” he began, “so did a witness.  The killer hadn’t realized that another prostitute was nearby, leaning against a building having a cigarette.  Not only had this call girl seen the killer, she had known exactly who it was.”
“Who?”
“A man named Steven Reynolds.”
“Steven Reynolds had had his hand in small time crime across this part of Ohio, but he had mostly been considered a local crook,” Ashe said.  “I had never heard of him, either, until that day.  But I had looked and had been able to find his fingerprint in a lot of things criminal.  Drugs.  Guns.  But he had been a low tier in the Ohio crime ring, a thug who hadn’t quite acquired the prestige and power that he had desired.  He also ran some of the local prostitution.  The girls that were butchered had been his own girls, or so we had been told.”
“And you arrested him?”
“No evidence outside of the eyewitness of a known prostitute,” he answered.  “No DNA left behind.  Nothing.  Wouldn’t stick.”
“What did you do?”
“I came up with the idea of having a press conference on the local television stations,” he continued.  “Normally press conferences wouldn’t have taken place for slain hookers, but I had had an idea. We had not referred to Steven Reynolds by name, we had only talked the killer, the Eastside Slasher, who we all had known to in fact be Steven Reynolds.  I wanted to get in front of the cameras myself and jab a stick at his arrogance and power lust.  I had called the Eastside Slasher an impotent coward who attacked woman in order to make up for his shortcoming as a man.  I had been rude and abrasive.  I had wanted to diminish him in the eyes of the public.  I had wanted him to feel my words.  I had wanted him to make another mistake.”
“Smart.”
“No.  Not at all,” Ashe corrected.  “I had been cocky.  Ignorant.  We had eyes on Steven Reynolds and were waiting for him to make a move.  What could have gone wrong?  Right?”
“Right.”
He sniffled.
“A lot…actually,” he replied.  “He must have had seen the press conference. It must have enraged him.  He managed to slip the tight surveillance.  I still don’t how he did it.  But his rage had acquired a new target.  Me.  And he wanted to show that he could dominate me, as well, and bring me to my knees.  He wanted to prove that he was in control and not the police, especially not me.”
Katherine shook her head and sighed heavily.
“Your wife?” she asked.
Ashe nodded, tears streaming down his face.
“For two days…” he began but choked up.
Katherine got in front of him.  She placed her head on his chest and heard his heart as it raced.  As he breathed, her head rose and fell with his breaths.
“…he tortured and raped her,” he finally said, “before he killed her.  My son, Scott, was only sixteen when he lost his mother.”  Sobs took over his throat and he could no longer speak coherently.
“Tell me about her,” Katherine said.  “What was she like?”
Ashe put his head down, unable to meet Katherine’s eyes.  “I can’t…”
Putting her hand on Ashe’s cheek, Katherine kissed him.  As a reflex, he pushed her back away from his lips and looked closely at her.  He was confused.   Part of him felt wrong about kissing a woman seconds after describing how his wife was murdered.  At the same time, the warmth of her lips on his made him realize exactly how lonely he had been.
Pulling her back in, Ashe began to kiss Katherine.  She was soft.  And the weight of her against him was comforting.  He had forgotten how comforting touching someone else could be.  To kiss.  To touch.  Those were the small wonders that kept people going from day to day.
Katherine pulled back long enough to talk.  “This doesn’t mean that you don’t still love your wife.  But you deserve this.  You’ve earned this.  Can I stay with you tonight?”
Ashe nodded.
Taking her hand, he showed her where the stairs were, which would lead upstairs to the bedroom, the same one that he had once shared with Susanne.  It had been cold and empty for many years.  Katherine would help him warm it back up.  He looked forward to it more than he realized he would.  

Chapter 24

The feeling of skin, soft and sweaty, followed Ashe into sleep.  He had forgotten what it was like to be in the passionate and all-encompassing embrace of another person, someone who wanted the sensations as much as him.  It was an instinct that he had been ignoring, like growing pressure which was finally allowed to explode.  The act of being with Katherine reminded him not only that he was alive but that he was human with human needs.  He would no longer ignore them.  He would no longer take them for granted.  
He wasn’t sure how long he had been asleep long when the phone in the kitchen began to ring.  Trying to shake away disorientation, Ashe rose and stumbled his way down hall and down the stairs.  
“Let it ring,” Katherine called from the darkness of the bedroom.
He merely shook his head.  As his mind cleared, he began to jog toward the phone.  Snatching it, Ashe answered, “Hello?”
“Dad?”
The voice swatted away whatever sleep still managed to linger.  It was like being smacked in the face with a spray of ice cold water.  Ashe’s mind became clear and his senses were immediately put on edge.   
“Scott?  Scott, is that you?”
At first there was only silence, but then Scott answered, “Yea.”
“Damn it, Scott!” Ashe exclaimed.  “Where the hell are you?”  He took a second to pull the handset from his ear to glance at the caller ID.  The number was from a Youngstown are code, meaning that his son was still in town.  But he didn’t recognize the rest of the digits.  It was no number that he was familiar with.
And why had he called the house phone instead of Ashe’s cell?
“Calm down, dad,” Scott replied.  
“How can you tell me to calm down?  Tell me where you are and I will come and get you,” he said.  Ashe didn’t know how he would react when he saw or spoke to his son again, but he never expected the anger and desperation to be so intense.  He had pictured the conversation a few times and it was always calm as he tried to reason with Scott.  But the reality was proven to be different the moment he heard his son’s voice.  “I’m walking out the door as soon as you give me an address.”
“I can’t do that,” Scott told him.
“And why not?”
“Because there is still some things that I need to do,” Scott replied.
“I don’t understand,” Ashe began.  “Owen is dead.  Two others are also dead.  And you are on the run.  What are you running from Scott?  Are you running from the police?  You won’t get far and you know it.  Oscar has your scent and he will not stop until he has you in custody.  Why don’t you come in?  I will come get you and we can go together.”
“No.”
“I know about the fight between Owen and you,” Ashe began.  “I know about Owen’s drug use.  I know about Owen’s past.  I also know that what happened in the park was self-defense.  I’ve talked to your coach.  I’ve spoken to Regime.”
“Don’t worry about any of that,” Scott insisted.  “None of that matters.”
Ashe sighed.  “Doesn’t matter?  What happened, then?  At least tell me that.  I want to understand…what you are doing.”
“I can’t tell you.”
“Why?”
“You won’t believe me,” Scott answered.
“You would be surprised what I may believe,” Ashe replied.
“Not this,” he insisted.  “I can’t just give you the answers.  It is not…that simple.  You have to figure it out on your own or you will never fully understand or believe.  Find the truth and then you will find me.”
“That doesn’t make any sense,” Ashe said, shaking his head.  “That doesn’t make sense at all.”
“Exactly my point.”
“You’re confused, Scott,” Ashe tried to justify.  “You are…delusional.  Sick.”
“I am not sick!”  Scott regained his calm and continued.  “What is happening will never fit neatly in one of your textbooks or journals, father.”
“You are not thinking straight.  You are not thinking clearly.”
“I am thinking more clearly than I ever have before,” Scott assured his father.  “My eyes have been opened and I have seen beyond the veil, so to speak.  But my insight will never stand up in court, when closed minded people are judging my actions and sealing my fate.”
The voice on the other end of the phone was Scott but it was no longer his son.  Ashe was speaking to someone that he did not recognize or comprehend.  He was speaking to a troubled stranger, plain and simple.
“Why are you calling me, then?” Ashe asked.  “Why make this call if you are not going to come in or tell me anything.”
“To make sure that you are following the clues,” Scott replied.
“Clues?  What clues?”
It was Scott’s turn to sigh.
“The ones I left behind,” he stated.
Ashe took a second to think.
“The journal?  The container?”
“Yes.”
“But how did you know that I would notice them or even look twice at them?  That was a long shot at best,” Ashe said.
“I know you,” his son told him.  He then quickly added, “Wait.  You only have the journal and the container?  Is that all?”
“That’s it,” Ashe replied.
“No.  No.  No,” Scott said, growing irritated.  “You’re missing something.  Three things.  I left you three clues.  Not two.”
“Three?”
“You need to find the other clue,” Scott ordered.
“At least tell me what I am looking for,” Ashe pleaded.  Clues?  Was that really what Scott was telling him about?  Clues?  Did Scott leave him a trail of breadcrumbs to follow, like in the fairy tales?  But real life is not a fairy tale…and even in fairy tales, at least the Grimm versions, the good kids got eaten.  He wanted to tell Scott, make him understand just how bad things were getting for him and how absurd it was to leave behind vague clues, as if he was living a crime movie.  But he never got the chance.
A voice appeared from behind Ashe.  “Who are you talking to?”  He turned to see Katherine standing in the entrance to the kitchen, rubbing her eyes.  “Who is that?  You always get strange late-night phone calls?  Should I be worried?”
“Who is that?” Scott asked, his voice vibrating with irritation.
Ashe didn’t know how to answer.
“I didn’t mean to interrupt your sleep over,” Scott grumbled.
“Scott…”
But he was gone.  
“Fuck!” Ashe screamed.  Meeting Katherine’s eyes he finally answered her question.  “Scott.  My son.”  He realized that he not only needed an embrace, but he needed someone to confide in.  Katherine had fulfilled the one desire and might be able to fulfill the other.  Placing the phone down, Ashe began to tell her about Scott and the whole damn mess that his son had gotten into.  As the levy broke, his only hope was that Katherine would neither run nor drown. 
Part Two
“Much Madness is divinest Sense -- to a discerning Eye -- much Sense -- the starkest Madness”
--Emily Dickinson


Chapter 25

He hung up the payphone and stared at it for a few seconds.  He tried but couldn’t get the woman’s voice out of his head, out of his ears. It played in his mind, over and over.  How dare his father bring someone else into his mother’s house?  Who was she?  Did he take the woman to his mother’s bed?  Scott thought about how late it was and knew that it was true.  The woman had been in his mother’s bed, touching her sheets, he knew it.
Scott grew inflamed.  Susanne Walters had been a great woman, loving and honest.  He could still picture his mother’s face and how she smiled without reason.  She smiled only to smile.  But that smile had been taken away from him…from everyone…and it had been the fault of her husband, Ashe Walters. 
Ashe Walters was to blame.
As far as Scott was concerned, his father did not deserve another chance, another love. Frustration rushed through him like liquid fire, burning him through and through.  Ashe Walters only deserved guilt and shame.  He only deserved loneliness.  At the same time, though, Scott was counting on his father to help him.  He had left clues, like a trail of bread crumbs out of the dark woods, for Ashe Walters to follow.  
But Scott did not put all of his hopes into his father.  He knew better.  
Scott kicked out toward a nearby plastic garbage can but missed and nearly fell to the concrete sidewalk.  “Shit,” he mumbled, trying to compose himself.  Glancing up and down the dark street, he didn’t see anyone looking at him.  The sidewalk was nearly empty.  
Even if that night was as chilled as the previous one, Scott would not have produced a single shiver, because his veins were filled with bubbling magma.  He wanted to cuss and break things, but controlled himself, for obvious reasons.  Pulling his blue baseball cap down lower, he thought about taking the trek back the way he had come.  Before he took a step, however, he caught an accidental glimpse through the window of the convenient store.  He could clearly see a narrow counter with a single register.  Behind the register, on the wall, was an old television.  Behind a layer of static, the local ten o’clock news was being replayed for its night-owl viewers.
 Scott paused.
After Scott finally reached Bam the night before, it didn’t take long to find himself wrapped up in her bed, asleep.  He spent most of the day in that same bed, avoiding the world and the problems that existed for him in reality.  He had dreamed.  He had dreamed deep.  Most of the dreams had been blurred and void of any reasonable story line.  They had been images that his mind quickly discarded upon waking.  Scott was able to remember the blue lady.  She had been laughing.  Always laughing.  Laughing at his dismay.  The blue lady always came to him when his life had issues. 
Even when he did finally wake up, he had avoided the television and the news, sure that his name and face had been plastered across the screens of the entire city.  Three bodies were positively connected to him and he was on the run.  But Bam had assured him that that was not true.  She had been keeping up with the news, on the television and on the internet, and Scott’s name or image had not appeared anywhere.
He had a hard time believing her.  How could it be possible?
Pulling his cap down lower, giving his face more shadow, Scott was caught by curiosity and pulled into the convenient store.  He was immediately struck by the rows of florescent lights, which seemed to be set on annoy and migraine.  Ducking his head slightly, he let the brim of his cap catch the brunt of the glow.  The store only had two aisles along with a group of coolers in the far back.  It seemed to have just the essentials, whether it was for a late snack or a beer run.  
Sliding down the aisle closest to the counter, Scott pretended to browse the candy bars.  He listened closely as Erica Worley, a pretty, light haired newscaster, discussed one of the many reform plans set in motion to revive Youngstown.  It was nothing but false hopes provided by lying politicians.  As far as he could see, trying to revive Youngstown was like pouring fertilizer onto a field of ashes.  
Shit and ash.  
That was what the city had become.
Scott reached for a Snickers bar but froze.  The news story had changed.  “Little is still known about the identities of the shooting victims found this morning here in Youngstown,” Erica Worley reported.  “Two bodies were found in Lincoln Park, a local park that has become a nest for the homeless and vagabonds of the city.  YPD were on the scene early this morning and have yet to release any information to the media.  It is still not known whether or not a suspect has been identified.  More information is sure to come, perhaps as early as tomorrow morning.”
It is still not known whether or not a suspect has been identified…
It’s true.  His name still has not been connected to the deaths in Lincoln Park.  And Owen’s name or death didn’t seem to be known about at all.  Where was that news story?  The one about the death in the Youngstown apartment complex?  Was Owen’s death being kept a secret? Why?  Was his dad involved somehow?
Scott was at a loss.
The young woman at the register looked bored.  She half-smiled when he approached.  He didn’t greet or even grunt acknowledgement.  He paid for his Snickers and quickly left the store.
	The city still appeared to be calm and the imaginary target that Scott felt on his back was smaller.  Not gone.  Smaller.  Even if his name or image remained unknown to the common public, he was sure there were many officers that hoped to get his face beneath their crosshairs.  Oscar Harrison especially.  Scott had always sensed a tension between the police detective and his father.  Something just below the obvious friendship.  It might have only been a subtle clash between the two men, their intensity and competiveness butting heads like Billy goats.  Or maybe it was something more.  Scott couldn’t put a finger on it, but he couldn’t shake the feeling that Oscar Harrison was on his heels, gun drawn.  
	Pulling his cap down as far as it could go, Scott quickened his pace.  Two blocks over, a car waited for him and he immediately slid into the passenger seat.  Giving Bam a kiss, he motioned for her to proceed.
	Her green eyes seemed to sparkle, reflecting a street light.  They looked like two emeralds, but worth far more than any jewel.  More than monetary riches lay behind Bam’s green eyes. She smiled at him and got the car into motion. 
	Slowly and obeying all traffic laws, Bam and Scott jumped onto I680 and made their way out of the city, heading toward the area of Oak Hill.  When the city lights began to fall behind them, Scott felt relieved.  The YPD wouldn’t look beyond the limits of Youngstown, at least not yet, because Scott had not given them a reason.  His father would keep his sights within the city limits for the time being, as well.  Scott had returned to the same payphone he had used to call Bam so that when he called the number would be from Youngstown.  It would keep Ashe focused on a central location and his eyes would not wander too far from the intended target.  Whenever it was time for Ashe to expand his sight, Scott would let him know.  Besides, if his father had thought he had headed north to Canada or south toward the warm states, his motivation might falter.  That couldn’t happen.  He was counting on his father…for some reason.
	“How did it go?” Bam asked.
	Scott shrugged.
	“That bad?”
	“No,” he admitted.  Scott took a deep breath.  “There was someone else there.”
	Bam took a second to look away from the road.  “A girl?”
	He nodded.
	“Sorry sweetheart,” Bam replied, but then added, “You can’t blame him for moving on, though.  Being alone, without someone to reach out and touch, is like being dead and buried.  It is just not living.  It is just not life.  We all need someone to touch.  Even your dad.  It’s been…what…four years…give or take.  He’s done his time.”
	“He never did time,” Scott blurted and quickly looked away.  “No one did time for what happened to my mother.  No one.”
	“Not technically,” she admitted.  “But I’m pretty sure that your dad has done some hard time for the last four years.”
	“Not hard enough,” he replied.  
	“Why call him then?” she asked.  “Why count on him?”
	“Because he will come through,” Scott said.  “He failed once, but he won’t fail a second time.  Not him.  Not Ashe Walters.”
	“Okay, baby,” Bam said.  “Did you light a fire under his ass?”
	“I think so.”
	“Are you ready…for this…hun?” she asked.  “You still want to do this?”
	“I do.  I am ready.”
	She freed a hand and patted Scott’s knee.  “The girl at your dad’s?”
	“What about her?”
	“Did she sound hot?” Bam giggled.  “Did she light a fire in your loins?”
	“Wait until we get to the house and I will show you,” Scott replied.
	She stuck her hand on his crotch.  “Why wait?”
	Scott gave a much needed laugh.  It was low and lethargic.  
They found an empty back lot behind an abandoned Kmart.  There were no lights.  There were no police.  There was no one but them.  And for a few moments, they chose to forget that civilization existed, with its death and taxes.  Within that space, void of civilization, they came together and touched, feeling very, very alive.    


Chapter 26

My eyes have been opened…
Ashe couldn’t shake away the words and the sound in his son’s voice as he had said them.  It was the same tone that he had come across in the voice mail message.  It was pure insanity.  Those words.  Those words.  Again.  He didn’t like to use the word insanity, because it was more medieval than realistic, but Ashe didn’t know what other word would suffice.  
My eyes have been opened…
The phone call had felt like a dream and the words, those words, had turned that dream into a nightmare.  Why had Scott spoken those words?  They were the same words that Barrett had uttered during their last session.
Ashe didn’t have to call the phone company to get the number that his son had used to call him.  His phone had Caller ID.  He hadn’t known the whole number, but didn’t have to.  The only digits that concerned him were the second set of three, after the area code of 330.  747.  He knew immediately that the number originated somewhere in the city, which meant that Scott hadn’t gone far.  The psychologist had been wrong in his assumption that his son would run far and away and never look back.  He was still local.  But why?  What was he trying to do besides simply escaping?  
My eyes have been opened…
It was another connection between the events that had taken place in the Barrett household and what had happened with his son.  The first connection was the fact that all victims were murdered in their beds.  Ashe could discard it because a single connection, one that seemed like a stretch, could be regarded as coincidence, even though he tried to avoid believing in coincidences.  But when another connection has been made, the idea of coincidence became thin, appearing more like a pattern.
How could there be any type of connection between the Barrett family and Scott?  Ashe’s brain fought and tried to come up with a logical explanation, wishing he could simply disregard both connections, but he couldn’t.  
There was something going on?  But what?  Why?
Steven Reynolds’ name had also spilled from the mouth of Franklin Barrett.  For whatever reason, it seemed the man had enjoyed dropping the bomb on Ashe, like he had it tucked in his pocket for a special occasion.  Or had he been put up to it?  Was the speaking of the name another connection?  If it was, Ashe feared what might be to come.  Whenever Steven Reynolds was involved, people died, and it was sometimes those that Ashe loved.  
An image flashed through his head, breaking a well build barrier. Susanne.  Bloody and violated.  Dead and gone.
Ashe growled.
His mind sped up and he hoped that it was his imagination put in overdrive by his emotions. Steven Reynolds was long gone, hopefully in a shallow grave somewhere.  He couldn’t let his imagination lead him astray.  He knew that he was emotional compromised, at least from a professional standpoint, but he no longer cared about being professional.  He was a father.  He was a father…one who had the ability to help his son.  
My eyes have been opened…
Ashe’s grip on the steering wheel tightened, turning his knuckles white.  He was heading back to Scott’s apartment complex.  He had missed something.  Another clue was there somewhere.  He hoped that everything was still there. It was still considered an active crime, but Oscar might have cleaned everything out, desperate for some further evidence, in the light of two more bodies.  That was what he would do, Ashe thought, and with that thought, he pushed the gas pedal down further.
He began to hate the city.  The lights.  The noises.  The seemingly chaotic moments that were most likely occurring beyond the borders of his car.  It seemed to taunt him.  The city of Youngstown was poor and smug and he began to loathe every fiber and building around him.
Pulling into the same abandoned gas station as the last time he was in that area of the city, Ashe leapt from his vehicle, almost without putting it into park.  He didn’t check for any uniforms on stakeout, it was obvious that Scott wasn’t coming anywhere near that building.  Ashe wondered if Oscar and his crew knew that Scott was still somewhere in the city.  They probably suspected it, at least until some details pointed them somewhere else, to Warren or even Cleveland perhaps.
Their sights would stay in the city, as would his own.  
He temporarily thought about providing fake evidence that would point them somewhere else, out of his way, but quickly shook that idea away.  The YPD were not his enemies and he needed to quit seeing them as such.  
They would remain on parallel paths until a moment comes when they must intersect.
Using a similar entrance strategy, Ashe followed a young man into the building, thanking him for holding the door.  Taking the stairs again, he found the yellow plastic strips still covering the door, but upon closer look he could tell they were not the exact same strips. 
They had taken down the old ones for a reason.  But what?  Moving things.
The door was still unlocked and Ashe slid his way into the apartment.  The early morning had not yet become actual daytime and a blanket of darkness once again covered the apartment. Instead of turning on his phone, he flicked on the kitchen.  His fears were a reality.  The living room was empty, completely and entirely.  Every stitch of furniture had been taken.  But why?   He understood clearing out Owen’s bedroom, because it was the true crime scene.  But why remove everything else?
Ashe rushed to Scott’s bedroom, nearly tripping over his own feet.  When he got to Scott’s room he didn’t stumble over the hand weight that had been in the doorway, because it was no longer there.  Nothing was.  The room had also been cleared out.  All that remained was four walls, a floor, and a ceiling.
“Fuck!”
The third clue, whatever it was, had been taken, along with everything else, to be processed as evidence.  It was at the police station, under Oscar’s nose.
“Fuck!” 
Why had Scott felt the need to leave clues?  What couldn’t he say?  What wouldn’t Ashe believe?  Clues?  Ashe considered the word and remembered something.  Scott had left a clue in the park as well.  His jacket on the thug.   Ashe and Oscar both considered the likelihood that Scott had killed them in self-defense, making the clue a desperate attempt at a statement, showing them that he had no choice but to kill or be killed.  
Was it the same reason he left clues in the apartment? Self-defense? How could shooting Owen in his own bed be an act of self-defense? It didn’t make sense, but Scott had said that Ashe wouldn’t believe him.  
“Where are you, Scott?”
Alone in the empty room, Ashe back himself against a nearby wall.  Letting his weak legs buckle, he slid down onto the floor.  His mind was suffering from an onslaught of feelings and emotions, anger, frustration, helplessness, and all out worry.  It overloaded his psyche.  And like a loaded breaker, the power seemed to temporally shut off.  He didn’t know how long he sat there staring at the floor, comatose, mentally and physically, but his mind reignited and began to function when he noticed that a red began to fill the sky.
Morning had arrived.
	Ashe thought about Katherine and how crazy everything must seem to her.  He had to run out on her for a second time, after leaving behind a story of death and a fleeing son.  Part of him wanted to go back home, hoping that she had stayed, as he had begged her to.  He could take her back to bed, leave everything else behind.  But how could he expect her to stay?  She would have over a million reasons to run the instant that he had stepped out the door.  He came with too much baggage.  He came with too much fucked up shit for any one woman to want to deal with. 
It was karma.  He was not superstitious but that was the only word that seemed to fit the situation.  Karma.  What goes around, comes around.  
Instead of going home, Ashe went to work.
Chapter 27

Ashe felt grungy, stiff and stale in the dirty clothing that he had hurriedly thrown on upon leaving the house.  They had been within arm’s reach and he hadn’t been willing to search through his closet or dresser.  It hadn’t mattered at that moment.  Thankfully, he always kept an extra set of work clothes in the closet of his office.  A nice shirt.  Slacks.  And black socks.  Upon returning to work, he changed into the spare clothes and felt slightly better.  He wished for a hot shower but immediately knew that it was out of the question.  
After putting his body load onto his chair, Ashe went to reach for Scott’s journal, which had been left behind the day before.  Apparently it had been a clue purposely left behind by Scott, in order to steer Ashe in the right direction.  
The right direction toward where? And why didn’t Scott simply explain thing himself? Why the cloak and dagger?  That type of behavior showed possible paranoia.  A rational person wouldn’t leave a trail of abstract clues hoping they would lead to the right place.  That was…a little crazy.  He hated using the word when it came to his son.  He hated using that the word at all.  However, until a better label could be assigned, that word would have to do.
The day before he had walked away from the journal, certain that it was nothing more than what it appeared to be, a notebook filled with abstract images.  However, Scott had insisted that the dream journal was more than that.  But Ashe still had trouble understanding what.  
What could the dream journal possibly show him?
What evidence did Scott’s dreams hold?
Before grasping the notebook, Ashe instead retracted his hand and pulled out his cell phone.  Flipping it open, he stared at it for several seconds.  He considered calling Katherine, but instead called the guards station.  A male guard, one he couldn’t instantly place by voice, answered. 
“This is Dr. Walters.”
“Good morning, sir,” the young guard replied.  
“Is Tye on duty this morning?” Ashe asked.
“Already out walking B-block, sir,” the guard answered.  “You know how compulsively anal he is about his morning strolls, sir.”  The guard giggled.
“Does he have a com on him?” Ashe replied, ignoring the humor.
“Always, sir.”
“Could you connect me to his com?”
“Yes, sir,” the guard answered.  “Connecting…now.”
A series of beeps came over the phone and ended with the voice of Tye, “Hello.  Tye here.  How are you this morning?”
“Good morning, Tye,” Ashe said.
“Dr. Walters?”
“Where are the D-block cons at right this second, Tye?” Ashe asked.  D-block was also known as Diamond-Block due to the types of people who got sent there.  Rich. Wealthy. Each inmate got their own cell, while other blocks piled the inmates on top of each other.  Ashe always had an issue with D-block, because he never fully understood why someone with money should get special treatment. And how it would even be legal. It wasn’t right.  At one point early in his career, he had questioned the higher ups and will never repeat the action.  
It wasn’t worth it.  
Ashe quickly learned where he stood in the hierarchy of the prison.  He sometimes joked to himself that he stood just above the guards and just below the inmates of D-block.  
“Chow,” Tye told him.  “Breakfast, sir.”
Ashe thought for a second.  He had known the answer.  Breakfast was served at six a.m. sharp, no sooner or later.  “Could you do me a favor and take Franklin Barrett back to his cell.  I need to speak with him.  It is important that I have a few minutes alone with him.”
“You want to come onto D-block?”
“Yes.”
“Why don’t I just bring Mr. Barrett to your office?”
“This isn’t an official session or meeting,” Ashe said.  “I just need to talk to him for a minute or two.  Can you help me?”
“Off the books?”
“Off the books,” Ashe complied.
“Can do, boss,” Tye replied.  “Give me ten minutes?”
“No problem,” Ashe said.  “Thanks, old man.”
“Any time.”
And he was gone.
	Picking up the dream journal, Ashe flipped to a page near the middle of the notebook and began to read another paragraph.  
…Just when I believe that I have woke up and gotten away from the snarling beast, I realize that I am still in the dream, but only a second before the beast comes through the wall at me.  I’m just glad that I can’t feel its teeth as it rips into my flesh…
Ashe dropped the notebook back onto the desk and groaned.  He reached down to the area beside the desk where his laptop sat, contained safely in a leather carrying case.  The leather case had been left inside of his Mazda last night, or else it might have been left behind, like his work clothes. 
What he had left behind, along with a clean wardrobe, was Katherine, confused but understanding.  He wouldn’t be surprised if she never called him again.
He put the thoughts to the side.
Finding and right-clicking on the proper file, Ashe scrolled down through the contents and quickly found what he was looking for.  Barrett was being held in D-block, Cell 23.
D-block felt like miles from his office, miles that Ashe power walked.  His breath became heavy.  Sweat beaded at his brow.  But he managed to make it to Barrett’ cell in time to watch the barred door close and lock.  The sound of the locks engaging gave Ashe a small smirk.  He found himself happy the man would spend the rest of his life behind the cold, hard, steel bars.  
“He’s all yours, boss,” Tye told him and then walked off.
Ashe approached the bars and looked into the cell, finding Barrett already sitting on his bed.  The bulbs on the block were lit but there was little light in the actual cells, causing the murderer to appear as little more than a sitting shadow.  Ashe pictured Hannibal Lecter, the genius cannibal from the Thomas Harris novels.  He had to remind himself that the man behind the bars was not a criminal mastermind but a leech, a parasite who killed his own family.  
Closing his eyes, Ashe had to face the truth.  He no longer viewed Barrett as a patient, but as something he loathed.  The line dividing the professional from the personal has been bending and cracking to the point that he wasn’t sure he would be able to put it back to gather.  He could no longer remain detached, dispassionate.
How could he ever be objective again?
How could he do his job?
Opening his eyes, Ashe was startled to find Barrett at the bar, gaping at his face.  The man’s hair was loose and falling at all different angles.  There was a glint in his eyes, something that chilled Ashe’s skin.
“Doctor,” the killer greeted.
“Mr. Barrett,” Ashe replied.  
“You wanted to talk to me?”
“Yes,” Ashe said.  “Have you ever met my son?” 
“I can’t say that I have,” Barrett answered, his head cocked slightly to the side.  	
Ashe looked closely at the murderer, vividly remembering the first time that he had seen the man, not even forty-eight hours before.  During that first session, Barrett seemed broken, retreating into a shell of grief and guilt.  But the man in front of Ashe appeared different, confident and curious, as if he was a bird inspecting a worm before eating it.  
But why?  Why the change?
It wasn’t the first time that Ashe had seen the change in Franklin Barrett.  During their second session, the killer had reacted to Ashe’s questions by changing into a different creature, but at the time Ashe had been too angry to fully take notice.  
Was it simple aggression that caused Barrett to come out of his shell?
The psychologist took a second to think about it and came to a quick conclusion.  Barrett had thrown out the name of Steven Reynolds, which had obviously hurt and weakened him.  It had granted the murderer a sense of power and possible control.  Somewhere inside of Barrett, in spite of the fact that he was locked away for life in a maximum security prison, a sense of prestige, hierarchy, and even birthright still seemed to exist.  Maybe it was hardwired in every Barrett, earned or not.  All that Ashe knew for sure was that he might be able to use those feelings and ideas of superiority against the killer.   Barrett felt that he stood tall overtop of Ashe, high over the head of the psychologist, and Ashe would use that height to bring Mr. Barrett back to ground level.  He would take out his knees and watch the man fall.
“You’ve never met my son, Scott Walters?” Ashe asked, backing a few steps away from cell door.  “Are you sure?”
“That is what I just said,” Barrett assured him.  “I don’t normally hang out with high school kids.”
“He’s in college, actually,” Ashe corrected him.
“Either…or,” the killer stated.  “He is probably an overachiever like his father.  Straight A student in the psychology department?”
“No…not psychology,” Ashe said.  “He is more of a sportsman…but still a bright bulb, though.  How did you do in school, Mr. Barrett?  You seem like an intelligent man.  You probably had the big university education.  Harvard?  Yale?”
“Neither,” Barrett admitted. “I’m more street smart than book smart.  Real life experiences can teach a person more than a book ever could.  I hung around my old man’s offices instead of some college campus and I am a better and wiser man for it.  He taught me everything I needed to know about the family business.”
“Were you and your father close?”
“At times,” he replied.
“How does he feel about where you are now?”
The killer hesitated.  
“He doesn’t feel shit,” Barrett said.  “He is dead and buried going on 5 years now.  Only thing he feels are the worms in his nostrils and Satan’s pitchfork in his ass.”
“You think your father went to Hell?” Ashe asked.
“I’m sure he did.”
“Do you think you will see him again?”
“I don’t know what you mean,” Barrett replied.  
“Do you think that you are going to Hell, Mr. Barrett?”
The face of Franklin Barrett turned red and his lips clenched shut.  Cocking his head, he cracked the joints in his neck, before turning and walking away from the bars.  He took a few steps toward the back wall of his cell and stopped.  He stood still for nearly a minute before putting himself back at the barred door.
“We are not talking about damnation,” the killer stated.  “That is for God to decide.”
“And you are privileged enough to have spoken with God, as I recall,” Ashe said.  “Isn’t that what you said?”
“I never said that,” Barrett corrected.  “No man is privileged enough to speak to God.”
“What about Moses?”
No answer.
“What about Noah?”
No answer.
“Wait.  Hold on,” Ashe began.  “You said that your eyes were opened…by God.  Is that right?  Isn’t that what you said?  What did you mean by that?  If God doesn’t speak to you, then how did he open your eyes?”
	“He showed me,” the man said.  
	“He showed you what?” Ashe asked.
	“The truth,” Barrett replied.
	“The truth about what?”
	The murderer began to glare at Ashe.  “Death,” Barrett answered.  “He showed me the truth about death.”
	“He showed you…how to kill, you mean?” Ashe asked.  “How to kill your family?”
	Barrett had to be speaking about hallucinations, but the man insisted that he had never heard any voices.  Had he seen something, instead? Ashe wondered.  Was the hallucination that had caused him to kill his family a visual one?  The presence of a hallucination of that caliber would point toward a psychotic disorder or psychotic break, possibly schizophrenia. 
 But what did one man’s psychotic break have to do with Scott?
“Is that what happened,” Ashe asked.
“No…you idiot,” Barrett responded.  “God showed me the truth about death, the same way that Steven Reynolds showed you.  By putting it right in your face…without any chance of turning away.”
Ashe contained his gut reaction to the name, holding his emotions at bay.  His face remained still and calm, lacking emotion.  He wouldn’t show how the name made him feel.  He would simply act unfazed.  He would take away the power that it gave Franklin Barrett.
He took a step closer.
“That is not what Steven Reynolds showed me,” he said.  “Steven Reynolds showed me how a coward and psychopath can kill an innocent person.  That is what Steven Reynolds showed me.”
Barrett began to laugh and the sound was cold.  It echoed around the cell.  
“Like I said,” the killer replied.  “He showed you death.”
“Your wife and son were innocent,” Ashe told him.  “Just like my wife.”
“They were not innocent,” Barrett growled.
“How do you know?”
“God showed me,” the man replied, still growling.
“Do you know what a hallucination is, Mr. Barrett?” Ashe barked.  “A hallucination is a perception brought on by one or more senses that appears to be real but is not based in reality.  Do you understand that definition?  Do you see what it may imply in this situation?”
“I am not crazy!”
Ashe sighed.  The voice of the man behind the bars resembled his son and that fact scared the shit out of him.  They were connected.  Only he didn’t have the slightest idea how.  And he didn’t have much more time before breakfast was over and the rest of the inmates would be shuffled back to their cells.  
“In their beds,” Ashe blurted.  “You murdered them in their sleep.  That isn’t crazy to you?”
“No,” Barrett replied.  “They were going to kill me.  It was self-defense.”
Ashe froze.
Self-defense?
How could killing someone in their own beds be considered self-defense?  That was a question that was plaguing Ashe.  It was a variable that needed to be defined.  Undefined variables make problems difficult if not impossible to solve.  
“You have never met my son?  Never?” Ashe asked.
“No.”
Ashe considered the possibility of the presence of hallucinations.  He also thought about the white powder at the bottom of the black and gold container.  Drugs, especially heavy substances like cocaine or meth, can cause psychotic episodes, bringing about hallucinations.  Psychotic disorders brought on by the use of drugs can be severe and dramatic and could bring about violent actions.
“You like to do drugs, Mr. Barrett?” Ashe asked.
The killer seemed taken aback by the question and appeared to be without an answer.
“A wealthy, important man like you,” Ashe began, “should have no trouble scoring some good substances.  Coke.  PCP.  Meth.  Your checkbook was probably filled with carbon copies of many drug deals.  Isn’t that right?”
Barrett replied, “I don’t do any of that shit, man.”  He began shaking his head.  “That will cloud a person’s mind.  While in the shark tank, you must remain clear and focused, or else another shark will take off your tail for sport.  You know what I am saying?  Eat or be eaten.  Especially in my family.  Eat or be eaten.”
“Is that right?”
“Why do you think I killed my own wife and son,” Barrett stated.  “Eat or be eaten.  Kill or be killed.  When it comes to money and those who covet it, no one is above getting a knife in the back.”
The statement gave Ashe a cold chill.  
Kill or be killed.
Did Scott act in the same fashion?
Kill or be killed?
Ashe wasn’t sure how much he should believe the denial of Franklin Barrett.  He looked like the type of man who would use drugs of some form, even if it was a simple hit of a joint now and then.  But he doubted that Barrett was free of all drugs.
He once again pictured the white powder at the bottom of the black and gold container.  Scott had left it behind for reason.  It was a second clue.  But he would have to wait to get the lab results before he would know for sure what the powder actually was.  It could be something harmless.  It could be.  However, Ashe had a gut feeling that it was more than a sprinkle of sugar or a covering of a dust.  
Ashe reached another dead end and forced himself to think about an obvious connection.  “Steven Reynolds?”  The name didn’t leap from his tongue, it crawled.  “How do you know him?”
“Old family friend,” the killer replied with a smirk.
“And you had him over for dinner, the other day?” 
“Yea.”
“And he talked about me,” Ashe said.  “Did he mention my son?  Did he mention Scott?”
“I don’t recall,” he replied and then once again laughed.  “He said a lot.  That man likes to chit-chat.  I can’t recall everything.”
Ashe asked, “Where is Steven Reynolds?  Is he here in Youngstown?”
Barrett shrugged.
Ashe became frustrated.  He didn’t know why the killer was playing with him, like a cat plays with a mouse.  Was it even real?  He wondered.  Or was it a game?  Had Franklin Barrett ever even met Steven Reynolds?  He wasn’t sure, but he couldn’t deny the possibility.
He slammed his fist into the cell bars and the sound echoed off in both directions.  Ashe ordered, “I need to know if Steven Reynolds is messing with my son!  Tell me! I need to know!”
	Barrett became momentarily startled, flinching at the sudden outburst, but quickly recovered.  “I don’t know anything about your son, Doctor.  I have never met him.  What Mr. Reynolds does is his own business and I can’t say what he does.  But I can assume what he would like to do.  And it isn’t pretty, Dr. Walters.  Whether it is toward you or your son, I can’t say for sure.  Honestly.”  He giggled.  “I would like to find out myself what Steven Reynolds has in store for you.  It would be amusing.”
	Ashe glared into the eyes of the killer, sure that he was seeing the true man.  He forgot all about the withdrawn person that had first entered his office.  He wasn’t sure if that first meeting was staged or real, but that didn’t matter.  The man before him was taunting him and Ashe felt his face flush red and his blood boil.
	He took a final step, putting his body at the barred door.  Barrett mirrored the motion and they were nearly nose to nose.   Swiftly, Ashe reached his hand through the gaps of the bars and grabbed the hair of Franklin Barrett.  Pulling, Ashe ground the face of the killer into the bars.  He tightened the muscles in his arm and just kept pulling.  Barrett groaned and tried to struggle but couldn’t break the psychologist’s grip.
	“Is it funny, now?” Ashe asked.  “Is it amusing, now?”
	Barrett’s hair felt greasy beneath Ashe’s fingers, almost slimy.  The sensation appalled Ashe and he jerked his hand away.  Barrett tumbled away from the bars, stunned, his mouth gaping open.  And then Barrett began to hysterically laugh.
	“Violence is deep within us all, I guess,” Barrett managed to say amongst the laughter.  “I guess we all have a knack for it.”
	Ashe slammed his fist one more time on the bars.  He began to hear other voices which meant that breakfast has ended.  Before being seen at the sight of his attack, he turned and rushed off, ashamed of what he had done.  
	He had assaulted an inmate and a patient.  

Chapter 28

Ashe fled swiftly to his cage, quickly to his chair, and planted himself, with his head low and his eyes closed.  Frustration and regret were becoming familiar emotions.  His head spun and he didn’t know when the world would stop twirling around him.  He couldn’t believe that he had put his hands on not only another human being but an inmate.  That was something that could pile more problems onto the already existing stack of issues.  
	He sighed.
	How long would it take for Franklin Barrett to rat him out?
	Ashe had physically attacked Barrett and it could cost him his job and possibly his license.  He sat further back in his chair.  He tightened his eyes and tried to focus on what information he had been given by Barrett.  What had he discovered?  Upon considering the talk he had had with the killer, he was surprised at how little he had discovered that could connect him with Scott.
	What had he discovered? Ashe asked himself.  He opened his eyes, leaned forward in his chair, and wondered.  He would have to treat Barrett as if he was just another inmate and try to diagnose him using the data gathered through their little chit-chat.
	He thought about opening the Franklin Barrett file on his computer, but instead reached into a drawer of his desk and pulled out a notepad with yellow paper.  Ashe found that his brain worked better when he physically wrote down his ideas.  Putting a pen to paper was old fashioned, he knew, especially in the modern day of Twitter and Facebook.  But it worked.
	Ashe wrote.
	Hallucinations, involving possible visions, are most likely present and the root cause behind the crimes.  Franklin Barrett believes that a holy presence is behind these possible visions, giving it a grandiose quality.  
	These types of hallucinations could be a symptom of a severe mental illness, most likely a psychotic disorder.  But which disorder?  A number of disorders beneath the heading Psychotic Disorders include symptoms of Hallucinations.
	He lifted the pen and thought for a second before adding:   It must be narrowed down further.  
	The belief that his wife and son were plotting to kill him for his life insurance and family money might not be entirely based in hallucination but might also include delusions, delusions of betrayal.  The presence of delusions might point toward schizophrenia or possibly delusional disorder.  
	But which?
	Or were the ideas that his wife and son were plotting against him based in any fact?  That would prove against the presence of delusions.  But could that be proven at this point in time?  And why hadn’t the police found any proof during the investigation?
	Ashe thought about Sue Ann and Kennedy Barrett and for a second considered them devious and deceptive against their own husband and father.  Could it be possible?  Could the death plot actually exist?  He remembered the eyes of Barrett behind the bars of his cell.  He pictured them.  It was the lizard behind the man, Ashe knew.  It was the look of someone that could kill for false reasoning.  
But even as he pictured the cold stare, Ashe considered the idea of searching for a truth behind the rants and raves of a man who felt himself betrayed by his wife and son.  Discovering a death plot could be crucial.  
The words of Franklin Barrett echoed, “Violence is deep within us…we all have a knack for it.”
	Ashe knew it to be true.  However, violence rarely came from nowhere.  It always involved something deeper.  He had a tight grasp on why Franklin Barrett had acted in violence.  He even had a better understanding of what lied beneath the man’s eyes, which was different from what he had experienced that first session.  
	Had he been fooled?
Not entirely.  
	Gripping his pen tighter, Ashe began a line just beneath the section of notes he had taken about Franklin Barrett.  He stretched the line a few inches before ending it with an arrow.  Below the arrow he wrote…Scott.
	The behavior of Scott Walters mirrors that of Franklin Barrett.  The crimes were similar, involving murder while the victims slept, and similar language was used to describe the reasoning behind them.  
MY EYES WERE OPENED.  
What is the likelihood that the exact same phrasing was used in two crimes that appear in no way connected?  
At this point the only concrete connection would be…me.  
	However, I had no connection to Franklin Barrett prior to him entering my office recently, which obviously happened long after the crimes against his wife and son were committed.  My presence as a possible connection has to be a coincidence. How could it not be?
	Steven Reynolds.  The name has come up during sessions between Franklin Barrett and myself, whether it was for real or used as a personal attack by a man desperate for what little power he can still have.  There is however a well-documented connection between Steven Reynolds and myself, connecting him to Scott.   
	But how could two people with limited connection to each other show similar symptoms of a possible mental disorder?
	Drugs?
	The same drugs taken by different people can show similar results, especially if it had been laced or tainted with a specific substance, like embalming fluid.  But the exact same results in two separate people?  What are the odds? 
	Ashe considered it but couldn’t wrap his mind around it.  And before he would get the chance to jot down further thoughts, a voice came from his open doorway.  
“Dr. Walters?”  
The voice was feminine and familiar.  It came from Warden Chase.  Ashe tensed. 
 “Am I interrupting something?” she asked.
“Not at all,” he managed to say.  “Please come in.”
As her petite form entered his office, Ashe stood to greet her.
	“What brings you down to my cage?” Ashe asked.  He was certain that he already knew the answer.
	“I came down to hear it from you,” Warden Chase told him.  “I wanted to hear it from your mouth.”
	That didn’t take long, he thought.  Barrett must have told the first guard that came by.  Damn him.  “I’m sorry, ma’am,” Ashe insisted.  “I don’t know what to say for myself.”
	“It is just a shame,” she said.  “I had to see it on the news first.”
	“The news?” he asked.  “I don’t understand.”
	“The news conference…about your son,” Warden Chase told him.  “The one that is going on right now?”  She looked at Ashe’s face and then began to visually search the walls of his cage.  “You still don’t have a television down here?”  Digging into the pockets of her khaki pants, she pulled out her cell phone.  After pushing several commands on the screen, she handed it to Ashe. Her phone was small and thin and void of any physical buttons, unlike his phone which flipped open and was nothing but buttons.  The screen was dark and he wasn’t sure whether or not he had to push something on the screen. He was about to ask when the screen lit up.
	Dead center of the screen was Oscar Harrison, standing in front of what appeared to a thin group of reporters.  He leaned closer to a cluster of microphones that were attached to the podium behind which he stood.  As he opened his mouth, Oscar broke his word and began to speak about Scott.  At the bottom right corner of the screen, a photograph of Scott appeared, just above the words Channel 5 News and LIVE.	
	“I repeat,” Oscar began, “the suspect is still at large and may still be in the city of Youngstown or the surrounding areas.  He may or may not be armed, but I want everyone to consider him dangerous.  I will only be taking a couple questions.”  The detective scanned the handful of reporters.  “Sasha?”
	A Latino woman began to speak, “Sasha Cohen, Channel 5 news.  Do you believe that this Scott Walters is connected to all three of the murders?  In the apartment complex and the park?”
	“I have already stated as such,” Oscar answered, “and we have evidence supporting it.  But the exact evidence will not be disclosed at this time.”  He turned his head to find the next question but was quickly pulled back to Sasha. 
	“Has a motive for the crimes been discovered?” Sasha interrupted.  
	“The motives behind the crimes are still in question,” Oscar replied, before quickly pointing to another reporter.  “Alan?”
	“Alan Whitcomb, 21 Action News,” the tall man began.  “I have a source that tells me that Scott Walters is the son of Ashe Walters, who currently works as the forensic psychologist at Wilson Maximum Security Prison along with being a former consultant for your homicide unit.  Is that true?”  The reporter didn’t give Oscar a chance to reply before adding another question.  “And does this have any connection to the death of Susanne Walters several years ago?  A crime connected to the Eastside Slasher.”
	“Your source told you that?” Oscar asked, growing irritated.  “I will say this once.  There is no connection between the Eastside Slasher and Scott Walters.  The Eastside Slasher is long gone.  He or she is either rotting in some prison for other crimes or dead and rotting in a shallow grave somewhere.  Either probability is fine by me.”
	“There seems to be one connection, Detective Harrison,” Alan insisted.
	“And what might that be?”
	“Ashe Walters,” the reporter replied.
	“This conference is over,” Oscar declared.  “An official statement will be released later today.  Thank you for coming.”  He turned and walked off the screen. 
	The thin phone felt like a brick in his hand.  Before the screen cut off again, Ashe looked at the wall in the background and knew that the conference had taken place at the police headquarters.  
He took note of that fact.
Handing the phone back to Warden Chase, Ashe didn’t know what to say to her.  So he didn’t speak and let her take the lead in the conversation.
“Was that the personal business that you had to take care of yesterday?” the Warden asked.  
Ashe nodded.
Warden Chase shook her head and said, “You could have told me about this, you know.  I would understand if you needed a little personal time because of what is going on with your son.  I am not stone, cold and unfeeling.  Besides, you’ve earned some time off.  I can’t remember the last time you missed a day, besides yesterday that is.  I should have known something serious was going on when you left early.  Anyway, I want you to leave and deal with your personal situation.  I’ve already brought in someone else to take over your load.”  She turned and called to the doorway.  “Doctor Osborne?”
A woman about the same height and weight as the warden walked into Ashe’s cage.  
“Doctor Osborne will take over your cases,” Warden Chase stated.  “We will cancel anything that does not absolutely have to take place.”
“Sally,” Ashe said, nodding to his colleague.  “How are things in the private sector?”  Dr. Sally Osborne looked around her.  “Not so…claustrophobic.” She smiled.  “How are things in prison?”
“Claustrophobic,” he replied.  
Ashe knew Sally Osborne from whenever he had the obligation to present his professional opinion to the local and state courts.  She used to work exclusively as an expert researcher and assessment administrator for the court system, but a year or so back she chose to leave the courts behind and go into her own private forensic practice, where she was merely a lapdog for the prosecution. She was good at her job and Ashe knew she would handle his case load with care and competency.  
“I would like you take some time and get the good Doctor up to speed,” Warden Chase said.  “And then I want you out of my building,” she joked.  “Call me when you can and give me an update on what is going on.”
And with that, the warden was gone.  
Through the outrage Ashe was feeling toward his old friend, he managed to greet Sally’s smile with one of his own.  The smile originated with an internal image, Oscar’s neck with Ashe’s hands wrapped around it.

Chapter 29

Scott dreamed.
He didn’t know why he felt so much joy in watching the bridge above him burn, but as the ashes fell all around him, Scott raised his face to the sky and opened his mouth.  Flecks of ash landed on his tongue and he was surprised at the taste.  It wasn’t bitter but sweet, like a fleck of sugar was hitting his taste buds.  
 Raising his arms, Scott cried out.  His howl was long and guttural.  It was more like the cry of a wild animal than a human man.  The howl rolled off his lips with power and presence, so much that he almost expected the burning bridge above him to collapse under the weight of his voice.  
He closed his eyes and felt the heat of the roaring flames whispering across the skin of his face.  Scott grinned.  It was ecstasy.  He finally understood the wants and desires of a pyromaniac.  To burn.  Only to burn.  It was that simple.
 A poem came to mind.  One of his mother’s.  One that she had framed and hung above their stove.  Bridges burning/fires yearning/to destroy/as the ashes fall/over us all/in the space/build once more.  
Above him, the roar of the fire ceased and Scott was suddenly engulfed with silence.  It startled him and he quickly opened his eyes.  The bridge was gone as was the falling ash.  Looking around, he saw that he was in the kitchen of his apartment.  The illumination of the massive flames was replaced by the flicker of a florescent light. The subtle flicker of the florescent bulb made him uneasy, causing the illusion that things around him were moving, shifting with malice intent.
A cold chill trembled across his neck.
The apartment appeared in the exact state in which he had left it the previous evening, including the dirty dishes in the sink.  He glanced to the floor and expected to find the same track of dirt between each cheap pale tile.  But instead he saw a line of blood.  Following the trail of crimson, Scott found that the river lead to a red lake, which had pooled beneath the head of a body.  
Dead eyes stared up at him.
Scott’s breath caught.  How was it possible?  The body should be gone?  The body should not be there.  It had been taken care of.  It had been stopped.
Leaning closer, he tried to get a better view of the face.  Dead hands reached out and grabbed Scott’s shirt.  The dead mouth opened and formed a moan, but the moan sounded like a ringing, like the ringing of a…
…phone.  
Jerking to attention, Scott realized that he had dozed off and the cell phone was chirping in the center console of Bam’s car.  Sitting straight up, he sluggishly wiped a drop of sweat away from his forehead.  After fixing the crooked pair of sunglasses, he glanced out the car windows and windshield, feeling exposed in the daytime.  He was in a low populated area, where only a few scattered houses sat next to stretches of woodland.  Even though he could not see another person within his view, he couldn’t shake the feeling that there were a million eyes watching him, from the hills and from the trees.  Paranoia.  But that didn’t mean that there wasn’t someone watching him.
He couldn’t believe that he had let himself fall asleep.  How stupid.
	Shaking his head, Scott tried to gather his wits before grabbing the pre-pay cell phone and flipped it open.  “Bam?”  He asked the name but already knew that the person on the other end had to be her.  There was no one else that it could have been.  Bam had bought them each a burn phone, using cash which would make it untraceable.  With the throw away phones, they could safely speak to each other without the police plugging a signal from the air in order to follow back to its source.  They were the only people that had the two phone numbers.  
	“Scott?”  She sounded distraught.
	“Of course,” he replied.  
As his head continued to clear, Scott remembered why he was parked, exposed to the light of day, while the cops of Youngstown hunted for his scalp.  It was all about the mansion across the street.  Even though he was in the suburb of Belle Vista, he was close enough to the city to make him nervous.  The two-story, brick mansion was massive and more luxurious than he could ever hope of owning.  From his view, he could see onto a slab of a circular driveway.  Across the driveway he could make out a row of short, white pillars standing across a wide front porch.  The porch was larger than Scott’s entire apartment.  A tall, red brick wall surrounded the property.  A thick metal gate secured the entrance.  The entrance and gate were being monitored by set of cameras, which were perched and pointed and most likely recording everything and everyone that tried to enter the premises.
 The large house didn’t impress Scott.  The small house that he had grown up in, with his mother and father, always suited him better.  That house had been little but full, unlike the large building across the street which was most likely empty, at least empty where it counts.  
	“Where are you?” Bam asked.
	“Where do you think I am?” Scott asked.  “I’m outside the house.”
	“You need to get out of there,” Bam insisted.
	“Why?  The gates are still closed and I can see the yellow car,” Scott replied.  “He is still in there.”  As the words left his mouth, he saw motion through the closed metal gates.   A group of figures was leaving by the set of front doors.  “I see something.  People.  It think that this is it.”  His pulse sped up.  Anticipation filled him.
	He reached across the passenger’s seat and touched the dark Browning handgun, making sure that it was real.  After discarding his own gun in the park, he never wanted to touch another.  But he was once again being forced in that direction.  
	“Abort!” Bam voice boomed through the phone.  “Get out of there, Scott!”
	“What? Wait. Why?”  The desperation in her voice confused him.  Scott watched the figures enter two separate vehicles, one being the yellow Porsche that Bam had specifically pointed out.  It was time.  Why was he being screamed at?  Why was he being told to leave?  “What is going on?”
	“You are on the news!”
	“What are you talking about?”
	“Your god damned face is on every television, right now!” Bam hollered.  “You need to get out of there and get inside!  It is not only the YPD that know your face, now!  You are no longer an inside secret.  Do you get me?”
	“I can still do this!”
	“Scott!  You are not going to take that chance!”
Leaning back in the car’s seat, Scott sighed.  He clicked on the radio and immediately heard Oscar’s voice.  “I repeat,” he began, “the suspect is still at large and may still be in the city of Youngstown or the surrounding areas.  He may or may not be armed, but I want everyone to consider him dangerous.  I will only be taking a couple questions. Sasha?”
“Shit!”  She was right.  He would be following the yellow Porsche into a place more populated than his current location.  His paranoia had been correct, a million eyes were indeed on him.   
The key was already in the slot and all Scott had to do was turn it to make the car roar to life.  “We knew it would happen, eventually.  I was just hoping that we had another day,” he said, regretfully.
	“Just come home.  Hurry.” 
	Fuck, his mind swore.   
Scott knew that his proof was getting ready to pull out into the real world, away from safety of a closed gate.  And he also knew that it had become a rare event, because the man in the yellow Porsche remained home, within protection, more often than not.  He had to get to the man and get what the man had on him…what the man always had on him.  Proof.
	 It might be his only chance.
	Bam had told Scott that his proof would be vulnerable, barely guarded, which was also a rare occasion.  The man in the yellow Porsche was only bringing a single guard along for the scheduled meeting.  The meeting was crucial and those being met did not like excessive muscle, so the man in the yellow Porsche was forced to leave most of his protection behind.
	A single guard. He could do it.  Scott knew that he could.  He had to.  Desperation oozed from every neuron in Scott’s brain.  The news was posting his picture all over town, declaring him to be a killer on the loose.  He was being called a murderer.  But Scott had never murdered anyone in his life.  Everything that happened was self-defense, even if it did not appear to be so.
	Kill or be killed.
	Yet…he could not prove any of it.
	Scott also realized that it had gone beyond proving the truth to other people, to his father and to the police, but it had become about understanding that truth for himself, as well.  Why had it happened?  How did it happen?  And why him?   Was it God?  Was it science?  Or was something else completely, something that he could never possibly understand?
	He just simply needed to understand.
	More than anything.
	“Just come home,” he heard Bam repeat. 
 But he couldn’t.  
“Sorry, hun,” Scott mumbled.  “I have to do this.”
“Scott…no,” she begged.  “There will be another time.  It is too dangerous.”
“I have to do this,” he said again and hung up.  He had no plan on killing the man, which means that the man would never see him coming.  Watching as the yellow Porsche pulled through the opened gates, Scott pulled out behind and began to follow.
	
Chapter 30

It took nearly an hour for Ashe to get his colleague Sally up to speed on his urgent cases, while also choosing which cases could wait for his return.  He felt confident and content in leaving her his load.  After jotting his cell phone number down on a sticky note and shaking her hand goodbye, Ashe rushed away from Sally and quickly sprinted to his car.  He finally found himself on the road making his way toward the police station.
	He swore under his breath.
	“Oscar better damn well keep his ass in his office,” Ashe told no one.  “He should know that I would see the press conference.  He should already figure that I would be coming.  Asshole.”
	The city went by in a blur of lights and motion.  It was like his mind skipped the journey, only coming to at the destination, the front door of the police station.  
	 A line of people waited to get through the single metal detector and into the police station.  The line gave Ashe a shiver, because he knew why the line existed and it made him even angrier.  
	Waiting impatiently, Ashe arrived at the front of the line to find Oswald to be one of the three officers.  Three officers at the front desk?  He thought about what was happening and remembered some other occasions when Oscar, or other detectives or officers, had given news conferences about suspects on the run.  Immediately after the conference, a flock of concerned and paranoid citizens would storm the station and busy the phone lines with tips and sightings, most if not all turning out to be figments of their overactive imaginations.  
	Ashe groaned.
Clearly Oswald could tell when he saw Ashe that the psychologist was pissed and ready to make someone bleed.  Oswald nodded to Ashe and let him rush through.
When the elevator door opened onto the second floor, Ashe was assaulted by noise and bodies.  The homicide department was always semi-active while remaining semi-asleep due to long hours and hard burdens of the job.  A lot of homicide cases, concerning the normal types of murders, contained a lot of talk and a lot of waiting.  But types of cases occasionally arose that caused the second floor to become a circus, and Ashe realized that Scott’s case had become one of those types.
He weaved through the crowded floor the best that he could.  While his eyes were focused on Oscar’s closed door another man stepped in front of him, halting him.  
“Detective Harrison is busy,” Detective Geiring said.  “He is trying to clean up after your son.”
“It looks like your superior just made a bigger mess,” Ashe grunted.
“And I bet you’re here to make it even bigger?” Geiring asked.  “We don’t need your help or your insight on this one, doc.  We can handle it.  Unless you want to tell us where your son is?  Or, better yet, bring him to us?”  
Looking into the detectives eyes, Ashe said, “I stopped doing your job a long time ago, detective.  Maybe it is time for you to do it yourself.  I’d hate to show you up again.  How is Ron Davis doing?  Still on death row?  Your welcome.”
The face of Detective Geiring hardened but Ashe simple pushed his way around the angry police officer and continued on his way.
	 He was sick and tired of knocking on doors, so instead he simply pushed on the door and entered.  Oscar was immediately on his feet, his face appeared as emotionless as it ever.  Ashe didn’t stop at the visiting side of the desk.  He made his way around the polished piece of wood and shoved the large detective backward, nearly putting his head through the office’s only window.  
	“What the fuck?!” Oscar cried out.
	“I was going to ask you the same thing,” Ashe growled.  Oscar was a great deal larger than the psychologist, but frankly Ashe didn’t give a shit.
	Oscar raised his hands in surrender and replied, voice calm, “I didn’t do this, Ashe.  I am not the one that made this happen.  I swear.”
	Ashe breathed heavily.  “You told me that you would keep my son’s name out of the news. Now, if he is still somewhere nearby, hiding out, he may run further away.  You just made him a target for the entire Northeast Ohio area.  Why would he not run, now?  Would you stay in the crosshairs?  I…we will never be able to find him, Oscar.  He is long gone…and you did it.  Now we will never figure out what the hell is going on.”
	Oscar still held up his hands.  “Ashe?”
	“What?”
	“Put your ass in a chair and let me talk to you?”
	Reluctantly, Ashe backed away and agreed.  Once in the soft chair, his breathing eased and his pulse calm.  He didn’t understand how Oscar could claim that the press conference was not his doing.  It was Oscar’s face that was in front of the cameras.  It was Oscar’s mouth that had been making the statement, answering the questions.  
	“What did you do, Oscar?”
	“A source inside the media…”
	“You have a source inside the media?” Ashe interrupted.  “Since when?”
	“A couple years,” Oscar answered.  “That doesn’t matter…”
	“Who?”
	Oscar groaned.  “It doesn’t matter.  Listen.  I’m explaining myself.  Okay?”
	“Okay.”
	“Our source inside the media called up the station first thing this morning,” Oscar began, meeting Ashe gaze for gaze, glare for glare.  “Before the sun was even up.  I was already here, of course, and the call was transferred to this office.  I was told that someone working for a local newspaper called in a story, a big, breaking story about the connection of two sets of homicides and one college student at large.”
	Ashe sighed.
	“Someone had leaked,” Oscar told him.  “And the story was heading for the newsstands first thing.  Thankfully one of our sources had ears on the call and gave us a heads up.  We had no choice but to call a conference and head the story off.  We couldn’t let the public find out about this shit from a reporter. They would call shenanigans on the whole damn department.  No one trusts use these days, so we need to save face whenever we can.”
	Ashe shook his head.
	“Who leaked?  Any ideas?”
	“None,” Oscar replied.  “We’ve tried to keep this close to the vest, like I told you.  Everyone in the station loves you, Ashe, and would never jeopardize your son for a news story.  Or so I thought.  Someone talked, though.  When I find out who…I am going choke the shit of him…or her.”  The detective’s face was growing redder, redder than usual.  Ashe knew that when Oscar’s usual calm face grew darkened, Oscar believed in what he was saying, completely.  “Well, the bag is open.  What are we going to do about it?”
	“We?”  Ashe confused by the use of the word.  
	“I can’t let you in on the investigation,” Oscar said.  “Too much bullshit involved and the investigation will be taken from us completely if someone catches whiff of it.  Besides, can you tell me that you are not emotionally compromised by this?”
	Ashe was silent for a second.
	“Agreed.”
	“I had a feeling that you would,” Oscar admitted.  “Can I ask you something, friend to friend?”
	“Please,” Ashe said.  
	“You said that,” Oscar began, “we will never figure out what is going on, now, because of the conference.  Right?”
	He nodded.
	“But you also want to find Scott,” Oscar continued.  “You want to help your son, obviously.  Is that right, too?”
	Ashe nodded again and smirked.
	“Are you trying to psychoanalyze me, sir?” he asked the detective.
	Oscar laughed.
	“That is my job, sir,” Ashe told him and laughed too.
	“I am just trying to understand your intentions, Ashe,” Oscar said.  “What is more important, find your son or figuring out what is going on?  You might not get both.  And you know that.  Right?”
	Ashe suddenly felt old and tired.  
	“I’m not sure,” Ashe responded.  “I can’t lose my son, Oscar.  I lost my wife because I dealt with a man that I underestimated.  I am trained to understand psychopaths and sociopaths, but Steven Reynolds surprised me.  He showed me not only how little I actually understood about the human mind and how little I could help a truly mad, demented person.  There was a time that I believed that every single mental illness, mild to severe, could be comprehended and treated, but that was arrogance.  It was also arrogant to believe that I was above those with mental disturbance, but when my wife died, I realized that I stood above no one.”
	“You are above them, my friend,” Oscar insisted.  “You don’t rape and mutilate other human beings.  You are closer to God than Steven Reynolds.”
	“I don’t feel close to anything but the ground right now,” Ashe admitted.  “Maybe, because I still don’t fully understand why Susanne…is gone, it makes me want to understand what is going on with Scott.  My son is not a killer.  But he killed.  And I don’t know why.”
	“Drugs?”
	“Huh?”
	“What do you think about drugs being a factor?” Oscar asked.
	Ashe cocked his head.  “Are you asking me questions about the case?”
	“Bouncing around ideas,” Oscar said.  “Nothing more.”  With those words, he rose from his desk and closed the office door, which Ashe had left open during his rampage.  “Drugs,” he said again, before sliding back into his chair.
	“Where does the drug angle come from?” Ashe asked, keeping his own knowledge to himself.
	“We’ve spoken to friends and relatives of Owen,” Oscar said, “and they all have stated things about Owen’s drug use.  They say it began when he was a teenager.  Apparently there was kind of incident during those years, but I am having a bitch of a time getting to those juvenile files.”
	Ashe already knew what the detective was describing…and more.  He wanted to tell his friend what he knew about Owen’s violent episode but then he would have to provide to him exactly how he knew the details within what had to be sealed juvenile files.  And proving that Owen had that kind of aggressive past wouldn’t give them any motive to why Scott had killed him in his sleep, unless he could prove that Owen had continuously threatened Scott.  But then why didn’t Scott bring it up…ever…to the police.  He was far from a Tela, from a battered wife.  
	“Drugs at the scene?”
	“A shit ton,” Oscar said.  “Pot.  Pills.  Coke.”
	Ashe thought about the little container that he had found in Scott’s bedroom and wondered if the sprinkling of powder was cocaine.  Could it have caused a psychotic break?  Maybe if it had been laced with something stronger.  But the break seemed to be lasting longer than it should, which could be possible, if Scott was still taking whatever drugs caused the break.
	Is he hiding out with his dealer? Ashe wondered.  Is that where he is?
	“No drugs were found in Scott’s room,” Oscar said.  “But that doesn’t mean that he couldn’t have been taking them with Owen.  What do you think?”
	“A lot of college students, once away from the eyes of their parent, will indulge in substance experimentation,” Ashe said.  “Some consider it a rite of passage.”
	“But what about Scott?  Could drugs be behind the first killing?  Owen?”
	“It is possible,” Ashe admitted.  “But I don’t know how likely.  Last I knew, Scott didn’t even smoke cigarettes.  He is an athlete, focused on being healthy and in shape.  Drug use is possible, but it might be a reach.”
	“A reach we might have to take,” Oscar said.  
	“Maybe he was forced to kill,” Ashe said, as the thought came to forefront of his brain.  He had never considered the possibility, but it made sense.  “Someone wanted Owen dead and, by threat of violence, forced Scott into doing it?  Maybe Owen was in deep with some hardcore dealers…maybe Scott was as well.  What better way to get rid of Owen than to have Scott do it for them?”
	“Possible,” Oscar admitted.  “I’m gonna need more evidence.”
	The Psychologist nodded.
	“Self-defense…” Ashe then offered.
	“The two thugs in the park,” Oscar began, “maybe.”
	“I am convinced that that was self-defense,” Ashe stated.  “Scott left his jacket on the one man and his gun at the scene.  He was shouting to us that he had killed these men and left his jacket to show us why.”
	“The handgun was a Ruger.  Same caliber as the one used against Owen.  Ballistics matched the slugs,” Oscar said.  “Prints were on the pistol and we matched them to items confiscated from his room.”
	“Clues,” Ashe mumbled.
	“Kinda crude,” Oscar said.
	“All Scott has right now is crude,” Ashe replied.  
	“True.  But that does not explain Owen.  Don’t tell me that you think it was self-defense too,” Oscar said.  “That would be more than just a reach.  That would be like trying to snatch the moon from the sky.”
	Ashe shrugged.
	“We know that Scott had a girlfriend,” Oscar added.  “All we have is a nickname.  Bam.  No one can tell me her real name.  But we are still looking.  What did you always say, Ashe?”
	“If you ever want to know the true soul of a man, whether it be good or evil, ask the woman that he loves,” Ashe replied.
	“I’ve always found that to be too simple,” Oscar said.  “But it’s worked in the past.”
	Ashe shrugged again.
	“You think that he might be shacked up with this chick?” Oscar questioned.  “I mean…if she is his active girlfriend, then she must live in the area.”
	“Yes,” Ashe agreed.  “She may even go to school with Scott.  Have you looked into his classes?  Her name might be in the class rosters.  Hopefully her nickname is derived from her real name.  Like how a Dianna maybe nicknamed Anna or Dye.”
	“I don’t know,” Oscar said.  “Once upon a time that was true.  These days, though, not so much.  I come across nicknames almost daily and…they are always some off the wall shit.  G-money.  Or something like that.  We are looking for this one guy for questioning and he goes by the name Slut Thumper.  Really.  No joke.”
	“It’s a start, though,” Ashe said.  
	“I agree,” Oscar said.  “Geiring is looking into Scott’s classes.”
	“What about at Scott’s job?”  Ashe brought up the question, realizing that he never looked into Scott’s place of work.  Did Scott have a place of work?  He knew that Scott’s basketball scholarship paid for most of what his son needed but he had a feeling that Scott worked somewhere to pay for the extras he may have needed.  But where?
	“We can’t find any records of a current employer for Scott,” Oscar said.  “We know he has worked here and there around the city but nothing comes up for the past two months or so.  If he worked, it was under the table.”
	“We need to find out where,” Ashe said.  We?  It was weird hearing that word when associated with Oscar and himself.  It had been a while.  
	“We asked one of Scott’s closest friends,” the detective began.  ”The guy claims that Scott may have been in between jobs.  We are going to go with it until something else comes up.”
	Ashe became quiet.
	“What are you thinking about?” Oscar asked.
	“Something happened the past year,” Ashe stated.  “I honestly can’t say that I know my son well as an adult.  His mother’s death created a rift that is wide and long and lacking a bridge of any kind.  But this whole thing doesn’t sound like any kind of person I would see my son becoming.  Secretive.  Drugs.  Murder.  I just don’t know.”
	“What could have happened?”
	“Steven Reynolds,” Ashe blurted.  
	“Ashe!” Oscar exclaimed.  
	“He could be involved,” Ashe said.  “He could be messing with my son.”
	“That is the emotional father speaking, my friend,” Oscar told him.  “Not the rational psychologist.”
	“Maybe.”
	“Steven Reynolds is far from this area of the world,” Oscar replied.  “And if he ever crawls back into our hemisphere, I will know about it.  And then I will shoot him with every bullet that I own.”
	“Ghosts are all around us,” Oscar told him.
	Ashe sighed. “Can I ask you a question while I have you sitting here?” he asked.  
	“About what?”
	“Franklin Barrett.”
	“That guy,” Oscar groaned.  “What about him?”
	He immediately regretted bring up Barrett, because he didn’t know whether or not the connection of the bodies in beds would stand out to Oscar.  He wasn’t sure if he wanted it to stand out to the detective.  Should he point out the connections?  He wondered.  But he was not ready to fully trust his old friend, yet.  There were still things that would seem crazy if said out loud.  They sound crazy to even him.   “You never found any evidence of a plot against his life?” Ashe asked.
	“He is still holding on to that fantasy?  We looked into it,” the homicide detective replied.  “We talked to other members of the Barrett clan, like his brother, which we knew that he was close to.  Still not sure why we even indulged that son of a bitch.  I guess we had to follow all avenues.  But we found nothing to support his claims.  Even if they were true, he should have reported it instead of doing what he did.”
	“Yea,” Ashe concurred.  “I just need to get him to face his hallucinations and delusions.  Until then…I don’t know what I can do.  I was just wondering if there was any possible truth behind it.”  The funny thing was that Ashe was genuinely curious to whether or not a plot against Barrett did exist.  It would change the shape of the entire situation if a plot could be proven.  It would take delusions out of the picture.  
	Why did that matter, though.  Scott was his priority.  Yet, somehow Ashe was sure that what Barrett did was connected to Scott.  And since he didn’t have Scott to question, all he had was Franklin Barrett.  To figure out that man could possibly provide him with what he needed to figure out what is happening to Scott, no matter how farfetched it seemed to be.  Ashe wanted to trust his gut.
	“You diagnose him yet?” Oscar asked.
	“Getting close,” Ashe said.  “I’m leaning toward whacko.”
	“I concur.”
	Oscar raised a sheet of paper that had been lying on his desk underneath his nose.  Ashe hadn’t even noticed it.
	 “This is our official statement to the press,” Oscar told him.  “Want to read it.”
	Ashe waved it off.  
	“I wished that we didn’t have to do this but that bitch reporter gave me no choice,” Oscar said.  
	“Bitch?” Ashe asked.  “It was a woman?”
	“Yep,” Oscar replied.  “A new reporter even.  Hasn’t even had a story printed yet, from what my source tells me.  This was going to be her big break.”
	A new reporter?
Big break?  
Shit!
	“You have her name?” Ashe asked.
	Oscar closed his eyes and thought hard.  “Katherine…Katherine something.  I can find it for you…if you want.”
	“That is okay,” Ashe quickly replied, jumping from his chair.  “You have my number.  Call me if anything new comes up.”
	“We are done here?”
	“Yes,” Ashe told him.  “I got to go.”

Chapter 31
	
When Ashe made it back to his Mazda he was filled with intent and purpose, but when he got into the vehicle he felt himself deflate.  The feeling of betrayal was like poking a pin into his skull, letting out whatever air and blood was in his brain.  Katherine had betrayed him…for a story. Why? She had told Ashe that she was a writer, but he had assumed that she had meant a fiction writer.  He was angry at her and also angry at himself for believing that he had actually found another person to connect with. 
	Why was he surprised?
	 The truth was that Ashe barely knew Katherine…and sex doesn’t automatically make two people close on a level beyond the physical realm. Sometimes the physical made people believe in the illusion of deeper emotions when those emotions were not present. No matter how much he wanted them to be.  Maybe he had simply wanted that connection so badly that he had seen it in a place where it never existed.  
	How stupid could he be?
	Last night had meant nothing, apparently.  And yet he could still taste her skin.  
Ashe questioned his decision to tell Katherine about Scott.  But he had needed a shoulder to lean against.  He had needed a set of ears to hear him out.  
	Had he been wrong to trust someone?
	Ashe sat in the driver’s seat, still parked outside of the police station.  He didn’t know where to go.  He put his head back.  Closing his eyes, he wanted to block out all the light of the day, but some light still managed to penetrate his eyelids, creating flecks of reds and yellows and purples.  
	A short melody came from his pants pocket.  Groaning, he dug for his cell phone and checked the display.  A text had come.  Opening it, Ashe saw that it had come from his sister, Sarah.  The text said:  CALL ME.
	Ashe was happy to oblige.
	Swiftly, he searched his CONTACTS and found his sisters name.  Hitting the call button, he listened and waited as it rang.  It rang and rang and he wasn’t sure if she was going to answer.  Just before he flipped the phone closed he heard Sarah’s voice, “Ashe?”
	He hated caller ID.  It took away the surprise.
	“Sister,” Ashe replied.
	“What the hell is going on?  Where the hell are you?”
	“Leaving the police station,” he said.  
	“Why is my nephew’s picture all over the news?” Sarah asked.  Ashe could hear the panic in his sister’s voice.  She was always excitable.  But, in that instance, she had the right to be.  “Please tell me that is why you were at the police station.  Tell me that you are handling this.  Scott didn’t do those things…did he?  Tell me that Oscar was wrong.”
	“Sarah…calm down,” Ashe requested.
	“Calm down?  Really?  Tell me something, Ashe,” Sarah said.  “Will you give me some news?”
	Ashe took a breath before he told her the basics.  And then he listened as she gasped, cried, and then recovered.  “It’s going to be okay, Sarah.  I was just meeting with Oscar and we are working on figuring things out.  I can’t tell you any more than that.  It’s an ongoing investigation.  You know how that goes.”
	“Did Scott really kill someone?”
	“Looks that way,” Ashe replied.  He wanted to tell her more.  She deserved to hear more.  Sarah was a name on a short list of family members that he had, due to the fact that she was his only sibling and their mother was deceased and their father was in a home for Alzheimer’s.  He just knew that he couldn’t.  He knew that he shouldn’t.
	“But why?” Sarah asked.	
	“That is what we need to figure out,” Ashe replied.
	“And you’re trying to do that?”
	“I’m trying to,” he said.  “But first we need to find Scott.”
	“Anything that I can do?”
	“Let me know if he calls you?”
	“I can do that,” Sarah said.  “Ashe…if anyone can find Scott and sort this whole mess out…it is you.”
	“I’m not so sure,” he admitted.  
	“Is there any way that Scott is still innocent?  Any way at all?” Sarah asked.  “It is all surreal.  Scott is such a sweet boy.  As sweet as it gets.  He would never have blood on his hands.  Would he?”
	“Evidence points in that direction,” Ashe told her.
	“Are you okay?” his sister asked.
	He was surprised by the simple question.  “I’m still breathing, even though it is getting harder and harder to do.”
	“You must be a mess.”
	“As good a word as any, I guess,” he said. “Listen, Sarah, I need something from you.”
	“What?  I will help in any way that I can,” she said.  
	“How well do you know Katherine?” Ashe asked.
	“Katherine?  Why do you want to know about Katherine?”
	“It is important,” Ashe replied.  
	“Does it have to do with Scott?”
	“No,” he lied.
	“Katherine is a sweetheart,” Sarah said.  “Hence…me hooking you two up.  Why do you ask?  Did it not go well?”
	“It went fine,” Ashe said.  “Where did you meet her?”
	“She is a regular at one of the hole-in-the-wall dives where I like to drink,” Sarah replied. His sister was in her mid-thirties but still lived her life like a younger person, going by whatever strong emotion is overtaking her, to hell with the consequences.  And those emotions often took her to the bar where there was loud music and dancing.  Her emotions also took her into and out of many turbulent relationships.  She had low impulse control, along with other issues, but Ashe chose to be her brother and not her psychologist, her shoulder instead of her conscious, at least until he felt she needed it.  “We just started talking one night over a shot of Jaeger.  Talked a few more times after that and I figured you two would hit it off.  She is cute, funny, spontaneous, and a little crazy.  She was everything that you are not but should be.  You know?” 
	Ashe rolled his eyes.  “What bar?” he asked.  
	“Suds,” his sister answered.  “Why?”
	The bar name sounded familiar but he couldn’t place it.  “I just need to talk to her,” he said.  “It is important.”
	“Why don’t you just call her?”
	“I tried,” Ashe lied, again.  “No answer.  Do you know where she lives?”
	“Lives?”
	“Her place of sleep?”
	“We only met up at Suds,” Sarah told him.  “Do you want me to try and call her?”
	“No,” he blurted.  “Where does she work?  I can try there, instead.”
	“She is a writer,” she told him.  “She works from home…I think.  I’m not sure though.”
	Ashe wished that he would have stayed with Oscar long enough to ask what newspaper that Katherine worked for, but he had stormed out of the room like a rushing wind.  He considered calling him and asking, but knew that it would appear weird to the paranoid homicide detective.  He didn’t want Oscar to know that the leak was not one of his own men, but the person that he had previously accused of being compromised.
	He had been right. And Ashe felt embarrassed.
	“Did things go good, at least?” Sarah asked.
	He could again taste the softness of Katherine’s freckled skin.  “They went good.”
	“Ashe?”
	“Sarah?”
	“I love you.”
	“I love you, too.”
	“Find Scott,” she said.  “Keep him safe.”
	“You know I will,” Ashe said.  “Bye.”
	“Bye.”  
He closed the phone and immediately reached to the dash of his car.  Built into the dash was a GPS navigator.  Pressing the touch screen of the device, Ashe searched for and found the address to Suds.  He touched the green start button and it calculated his route.
“Please follow the highlighted route,” the robotic male voice instructed.
Ashe pulled out of the parking lot and followed the preferences of the dashboard computer. 


Chapter 32

It took under two minutes to get to the “hole-in-the-wall” bar.  As he pulled in the nearly empty parking lot, he at once knew why the bar’s name sounded familiar.  It was a police bar, one in which he had gone with Oscar on a small handful of occasions to drink away a bad investigation.  
Ashe had forgotten all about the bar.
Pulling onto the concrete slab next to the grungy bar, he noticed that only two other cars were sitting there.  It was still in the middle of shifts and the bar was nearly empty.  In the beginning of the shift hope shinned bright, because the officer had a full day to do their duty, to make the world right, but by the end of their shift the average officer must face the truth, the world doesn’t want to be set right, and will fight tooth-and-claw against anyone trying to do so.
 Ash knew those days well.  Cops drank.  It was a fact.  But don’t they have real reasons to do so?
Getting out of the car, he walked up to the bar.  The neon lights were off and looked lifeless in the daylight.  
In his mind, Ashe compared the inside of the cop bar to the inside of the college bar.  While the college bar had been decorated with multiple televisions and had been populated with a group of bodies even in the daytime, the cop bar had only a single television, which was not turned on, and had only a three drinkers, older guys sitting quietly at the bar. 
He didn’t recognize any of the men at the bar.  There didn’t seem to be any officers in the place, at least none that he knew by face.  As he approached the bar, however, one of the gentlemen rose from his stool and came over to greet him.
“Ashe Walters?” the man asked.  Ashe realized that he had been mistaken.  The man was indeed a police officer.  He could see the symptoms in his stance, in the handshake that the man gave, and in the emotions that sat behind the eyes.  The forensic psychologist diagnosed the middle-aged cop immediately.  
“In the flesh,” Ashe replied.  “Officer…”
“Sergeant,” the man corrected.  “Rains.”
“How is your day going, Sergeant Rains?” Ashe said.  He knew the name but didn’t remember ever meeting the man.  Sergeant Rains was in the Narcotics Division of the YPD.  He had met other members of that division but never had the pleasure of meeting anyone further up the food chain than the detectives.
Rains shrugged and glanced around him.  Enough said.  “Can I buy you a drink?”
“Sam Adams,” Ashe replied.
With that, the two went over to the bar and easily found two unoccupied stools.  When he sat down, Ashe noticed that music was softly playing in the background.  It was a southern rock song, he could tell by way the guitars whined but he couldn’t hear it enough to determine exactly which song it was.
“Shame about your son,” Rains told Ashe, after he ordered both of their beers.  “Come out of nowhere?”  
Ashe nodded.  “You have no idea,” he told the sergeant.  
“Oscar is a good, sturdy detective,” Rains said.  “If he had that conference earlier today, he must have felt that it was the right move to make.  Sometimes an investigation is like moving pieces in chess, but then it can also be like a chaotic free for all to see who is still standing, the good guys or the bad guys.  Which one do you think this is becoming?”
“A cluster fuck,” Ashe cursed.  “Scott has been centered out and described as a killer on the loose in Youngstown.  Hysteria, as it is sometimes called, can spread like a fire and people begin to see flames in every corner.”
“That is accurate,” Rains replied, taking a drink of his Budweiser.  “Drugs?  Oscar looking into that angle?”
“Among others,” Ashe said, sipping from his own drink.  He didn’t want to say much more than he should, because he had already leaked enough information unintentionally.  Rains was part of the YPD, but Ashe didn’t know who to trust. 
“Keeping a tight lip?” Rains asked, surprising Ashe.  The sergeant had seen right through the psychologist, but Ashe didn’t feel surprised.  Rains obviously had many years of experience in interrogations.  
Ashe nodded.
“The whole department is here to help you, Ashe,” Rains said.  “But I understand the tight lip.”
A thought came over the psychologist.  Pulling out his phone, he flipped it open and searched for his SAVED IMAGES folder.  He just recalled that had taken a picture of Katherine the night before.  The picture was of her at the grill, tending to the steaks.  Her face was clear in the picture.  After putting the picture on the screen, Ashe showed it to Rains.
“I need to speak to this woman,” he said.  “Her name is Katherine.”
“Katherine Wright,” Rains told him.  “She comes here a lot.”
“You know where she lives?”
“Nope.  But I know where she works,” Rains insisted.
“She’s a reporter…” Ashe began, but was interrupted.
“A reporter for the Youngstown Daily,” Rains told him.  “It is a daily news site that publishes stories online.”  
“I know of them,” Ashe said.  “Do they have a physical office in the city?”
“I believe so,” Rains answered.  “But I can’t say where.”
Ashe took two large gulps of his Sam Adams.  “Thank you.  I appreciate it.”  He got up to leave but was frozen by a familiar voice.
“What the hell are you doing here?” Detective Geiring called out.  “This bar is for cops only.  While you are in here drinking away your blues, your son is killing people.”
Ashe blinked and found himself in front of Detective Geiring.  “Did we not have a similar conversation…not that long ago?” the psychologist asked.  “I clearly remember doing so.” He laughed.  “I don’t like to repeat myself.”  
He went to move around Detective Geiring, but the detective placed a hand on Ashe’s shoulder.  “Not this time.” The detective ordered.  “You don’t get to walk around me.”
Ashe smirked.
“I don’t know why you don’t like me,” he said, “but I frankly don’t care anymore.  I tried to care in the past.  I tried to figure out why you are threatened by me.  And all I can say is that you are threatened by me because you are afraid that I am a better investigator than you.  I was never trained by the force.  I don’t bleed blue.  And yet, I am still better than you.”
Detective Geiring snarled.  
“You are not,” he said.  The big man swung but Ashe was ready for it.  The psychologist easily ducked away from it.  Using the momentum against the detective, Ashe shoved him and sent him stumbling backward.  
Suddenly, Rains arrived.  “Alright boys.  Have a seat detective,” the older man ordered, pointing to an empty stool.  “I will buy you drink.”  
“Yes, sir,” Detective Geiring obeyed, as if suddenly aware that Rains was a senior officer.
“Have a good day, Dr. Walters,” Sergeant Rains said.
Ashe nodded and then exited the bar.

Chapter 33

Law enforcement and the media have a love/hate relationship that spans as far back as murder and rape.  A simple story, ink on a page or figures in front of a camera, could make or break an investigation.  It was as simple as that.  A manhunt could be administered easier and more effectively if the media was heavily involved, posting the face and name of a victim or suspect all over televisions and newspapers.   Or secrecy could be breached and facts could be distorted, creating hysteria based on falsehoods and partial truths.  A thin line existed between the two departments, those who enforce and those who report.
Ashe had his own history with the media, one that was complicated.  Four years back he had attempted to use the media as an investigation tool while in pursuit of a sexual sadist who mutilated his victims.  Steven Reynolds.  At that time, Ashe tended to view the media as a neutral force, only good or bad depending on those using it.  And when he decided to use the media to goat Steven Reynolds into making a mistake, it had turned bad, horrible.  His wife had become another victim. And Steven Reynolds disappeared. It had all gone wrong. He didn’t blame the media, however, only his own arrogance and ignorance.
Ashe had managed to find the address for the office of the Youngstown Daily newspaper.  As he followed the green highlighted path on his Garmin, he realized exactly why he was so damned mad at Katherine.  Part of it had to do with betrayal, but only part of it.  Most of it had to with the fact that he had done it again.  He had involved the media and put Scott in danger, even if it had been unintentional.  
He had done it…again.
The only difference…he would fix his mistake before it harmed his son.
The only problem…he wasn’t sure how…yet.
The robotic male spoke up.  “You are now approaching destination on right.”
Looking quickly to his right, Ashe immediately saw a large structure, one that has been standing for as long as he could remember.  It had once been a Wal-Mart, he believed, but had shut down when they opened a newer, larger store down the road.  The long brick building sat closed for a couple years before being remolded and divided to house many different business.
One of the offices, near the middle, appeared to contain the Youngstown Daily newspaper.  Turning on his blinker, Ashe pulled into the large parking lot.  Finding a spot near to the entrance, he scrambled from his Mazda.  But before he took too many steps away from the car, he hit a button on his key ring and popped open the trunk.  Grabbing a worn out black baseball cap, Ashe slammed down the trunk top and went back on his way.  
The inside was just as plain as the outside, at least it appeared that way as Ashe entered.  There was no front desk or receptionist to greet guest, because the little known online paper must not receive many visitors, he assumed.  There didn’t seem to be any closed off offices either.  The entire space was open.  From what Ashe could see, there were only cubicles, rows of them with walkways that sliced back and forth in between.  
With the black cap pulled down low, giving his face a slight shadow, he waded into the cubicles.  The secret to infiltrating a work area, one where there was certain to be other people around, was to give the appearance of belonging.  Confidence.  Assurance.  Ashe put the illusion on his face that he had a right to be in that building, as much a right as those who were looking at him.
Large laminated signs were posted on the outside of each cubicle providing both the name of the occupant and a picture of their grinning faces.  The names were alphabetical and it didn’t seem to take long for Ashe to find Katherine’s work area.  But the area was empty.  
Ashe cussed.
She must be working at home.  Where does she live?
He looked around the area and considered asking someone about Katherine, but instead lunged into the cubicle and began to frantically search her messy desk.  Somewhere there had to be something where her address was written down.  The desk was cluttered with papers and an old desktop computer.  Quickly, he scanned the papers on and inside the metal desk, but the only address he seemed to find was the one to the office.
“Shit,” he cussed again.
According to Oscar, it had been said that Katherine was working on her first story for the paper, but the debris made it appear that she had been living in the cubicle for a while.  He was temporarily confused but moved past it.
Going from the desk to the small metal trashcan next to the desk, Ashe grabbed a stack of paper from the top.  He got lucky.  Katherine must have grabbed some of her mail on the way to work and deposited the envelopes in the trash.  Her address was clear as day.
Folding the evidence, Ashe tucked it away.


Chapter 34

Maybe Ashe simply knew his way around the city enough that he never needed directions or maybe he was simply stubborn and guessed during strange drives, but he found himself using the GPS more in the past few hours than he had ever done in the two years that he had owned his Mazda.  He began to like the tool.  He liked it even more when he correctly and easily brought him to the door of Katherine’s small house.  
	Katherine lived in Oak Hill, a small community not far outside of Youngstown, but like his own neighborhood, the town could be on another planet.  While Youngstown had people, Oak Hill was the kind of places that had families, homes instead of houses.
	Ashe would never have put Katherine in a home.  He saw her in an apartment complex, much like Scott’s building.  She seemed too modern, to spontaneous to live in a house, whether she was renting or owning.  
	It didn’t feel right.
	But it also made Ashe further realize how little he obviously knew the woman who had shared his bed the previous night.  
Pulling his car to the side of the street, Ashe rushed to the door, which was just beyond a white wooden fence.  The red front door seemed so normal, which unhinged him even more.  The door also felt solid, thick and sturdy beneath his fist as he knocked, unlock the flimsy wood of most apartment doors.  He waited a second before knocking once again.
Footsteps could be heard within, moving across what might have been hardwood floors.  A lock disengaged.  And then the door opened.  Ashe couldn’t tell if the look on Katherine’s face was that of being startled or that of being constipated.  Whatever her expression, she didn’t look happy to see the psychologist.  She didn’t look surprised either.
“It took you long enough, investigator,” Katherine said.  
“Don’t act like you expected me to be here,” Ashe insisted.  “And I am no longer an investigator…in any form.”
“Could have fooled me,” she replied.  “Would you like to come in?”
“I’m fine on this side of the door,” he told her.
“As long as you keep your voice down,” Katherine began.  “I have neighbors that still believe that I am a good person.”  Her eyes dropped at that statement and Ashe could see true resentment in her eyes.  It threw him.
“I once believed that as well,” he said.  “My instinct told me that you were too loose with your life for my taste, but my curiosity pulled me in another direction.”
“The bedroom?”
“Among other places.”
“We had a good time, Ashe,” Katherine told him.  “Your curiosity wasn’t the only thing that led you to the bedroom.  We had a good time together.  We click.  And I feel that I should apologize for that fact.”
“Apologize?  Why would you feel the need to apologize for betraying my trust?”  Ashe’s sarcasm was evident in his words.  “Why would an apology be needed?”
“Because I like you…Ashe,” she responded.  “I find myself on the verge of caring for you…and that was never the plan.”
The plan?  There was a plan?
He tried to wrap his brain around the type of plan that might have guided Katherine’s actions, a plan that somehow involved him.  She was reporter, or at least she wanted to be a reporter, of that Ashe knew for certain.  She couldn’t have known about Scott, because when they were having their first date he didn’t know a thing about what was happening with Scott.  
 “I trusted you,” Ashe told her.  “I told you about my wife.  I told you about how and why she was killed.  The media.  It was wrongly used and it cost me someone that I love.  And then you turn around and get my son’s face plastered all over the television.”
“He killed people,” Katherine blurted.
“Did he?  And why?  Do you know why?”
“No.”
“And neither does anyone else,” Ashe said.  “He could be guilty of nothing else but being coerced into murder by someone else.  But now he will be seen as the bad guy in the shadows…at least until someone approaches him with a loaded a gun, ready to apprehend a wanted, dangerous fugitive.”
	“That won’t happen.”
“It happens.  A lot more than it should.”
“What do you want me to say here?” Katherine asked.  “I didn’t have that press conference.  If you look at the video…I wasn’t even there.  What do you want from me?”
“I honestly don’t know,” Ashe admitted.
“Come inside,” she said, stepping aside.
He shook his head.
“You met me on purpose,” Ashe stated.  
“Yes,” she admitted.  “But there was also luck involved.”
“The bar?  My sister?  Why me?”
“Not you,” Katherine replied.  “Franklin Barrett.”
Ashe closed his eyes and breathed in deep.
“Right,” he said.  “Of course.  I was the inside information to Franklin Barrett.  I could give you information about his mental health and…other types of information.  Pillow talk?  Was that the method you were hopping for?”
“No,” Katherine exhaled, the look of regret returning to her eyes.  “I was only hoping to have a few beers with you…some food…and then come up with a reason why our relationship wouldn’t have worked out.”
“You changed your mind?”
“No,” she quickly said.  “You changed it.”
Ashe sighed.
Katherine continued.  “I realized that I needed your bedroom just as much as you needed me in it.  I can’t tell you why.  Not now.  Not yet.  I just want you to know that I retracted the story immediately.  I wasn’t going to do it.”
“I can’t believe that.”
“You don’t have to believe the truth to make it real,” she replied.  “Only a couple of people knew about the story.  I don’t know how the police found out.”
Ashe shook his head again.
“Reasonings and rationales do not change anything,” he stated  
“Doesn’t it?  Aren’t those the basis for your entire career?” Katherine asked.  “Don’t you seek and search for the reasoning, the rationale behind behavior.  You told me yesterday that a man who kidnapped and raped young girls didn’t deserve anything but pity…due to the reason and the rationale behind what he had done.”
Ashe groaned.
“This is different,” he said.
“How?”
“I don’t know,” he admitted.  His head was beginning to spin as thoughts twirled and spun like a tornado.  She was right.  And she was wrong.  What did those words even mean?  Were they real or were they something to turn chaos into a civilized structure?  Could the idea of right and wrong be imaginary, from the minds of desperate people, fighting against their true natures?  Could chaos be the one and true state of things?
Katherine startled Ashe by taking his hand.  She put his palm to her face before putting it to her lips and kissing the skin.  “Nothing else matters,” she whispered.  And for the moment, he believed her.  Within that belief, inside the gray spaces between right and wrong, he let her lead him inside the house.  Behind them, Katherine closed the door, leaving any complex concepts outside.


Chapter 35

Scott was far from an expert pursuer.  He didn’t have the slightest clue how to properly follow a target without being noticed and found out.  He knew that he had to stay behind, far enough behind so that the driver being followed wouldn’t become suspicious, which would happen if the same vehicle remained in the rearview for an hour long trip.  So, hands sweaty and heart pounding, he remained far back from the yellow Porsche, sometimes too far, causing him to almost lose sight of the bright colored car.  
But he was able to keep up.  Barely.  Even on the highways and freeways that he was forced to travel.  I-80 and I-480 especially.  There was a lot of traffic, even for a weekday and Scott had trouble keep his sights on the bright car, while also remaining a safe distance. Scott’s breath tightened each time an exit would appear and he was too far to pursue if the Porsche chose to take it. Luckily, the driver never needed those exits.
Luckily.
Upon passing by Twinsburg, Bedford, and Garfield Heights, he knew that Bam had been right about their destination.  And as some cities do, Cleveland seemed to come out of nowhere.  It was like what Scott heard about Manhattan.  One minute the driver is going over a massive bridge, which seemed to face only an empty horizon, and then suddenly the view is filled with skyscrapers and the homes and workplaces of millions of people.  Cleveland didn’t really compare to Manhattan, though, just like Youngstown, which is often called a city, didn’t compare to size of Cleveland.  By comparison, it was apples to oranges to watermelons.  
Bam had told him that he would be lead into Cleveland, but beyond that point, she didn’t know any more details about the destination for the meeting.  Tightening his grip on the wheel, Scott was able to keep the yellow Porsche in his windshield while weaving in, out, and between the tall structures.
Overhead he could see dark clouds building, coming in from what appeared to be the direction of Lake Erie.  The clouds seemed to be thick and full of lake water.  They were obviously heavy, pregnant with moisture, ready to drop their load right on the heads of those in the city. 
Scott was both glad and mad to see rain rolling in.  Rain would give him cover, a thin wall of water to hide behind, but it would also infringe upon his own abilities, his own senses.  He hoped that the rain would hold off until they made it to the meeting.  But even then the rain or possible storm would cause problems.  And he was already scared and shaken at the possibilities of things to come, because Scott was far from his comfort zone, a safe area of life that he had left when he shot and killed his roommate.  
What is safe?
He no longer knew.  
He no longer knew a lot of things.
He could still turn back, Scott told himself.  Nothing has happened.  He could go back and get Bam and they could flee for Canada.  From there….the world was open to them.  The police and Ashe Walters wouldn’t know where to find them.  They wouldn’t know where to look.  Bam and he could become ghosts, a string of mist in a large world.
	He shook his head.
	Then he would be nothing but a killer.  A killer who fled the country.
	The meeting wasn’t taking place in the inner city, Scott realized it when the buildings began to grow shorter and shorter and more spread out.  The yellow Porsche was leading him to the other side of the city, away from downtown.  
Continuing to follow the yellow Porsche, Scott noticed that they were heading for the lake.  He could see the large body of liquid appearing in the distance.  He had never been to the ocean, either Pacific or Atlantic, but he imagined that looking out onto the ocean was the same as looking out onto Lake Erie.  It was vast, seemingly endless.  No wonder people used to believe that they would fall off once they reached the blue lined horizon.  
	Maybe Cleveland was like a mini-Manhattan, equipped with its own little ocean. 
	Lake Erie became more and more immense as Scott followed the yellow Porsche up E 9th street.  He had the illusion that if he continued directly forward that he would be able to drive right up to and into the lake.   He wondered how deep it would be and how far Bam’s car would sink.  Would it sink in, never to be found?
	He doubted it.
	Cleveland-Hopkins was the main airport in the city, providing flights from the large airlines like Southwest and United.  It was almost like a town unto itself, with a massive terminal and what might be miles of runways.  But there was another airport, Burke Lakefront Airport, just past the Cleveland Memorial Shoreway.  It was a lesser airport, and Scott didn’t know much about it.  He figured that it most likely handled smaller crafts, like cooperate flights and private planes.  And it was most likely where the yellow Porsche was heading.  They were heading right for it.
	Was the man in the yellow Porsche taking a plane?  Slight panic.  Scott knew that he couldn’t follow him if he left the ground.
	He sighed in relief as they passed by the airport and continued to drive.  A minute later, the yellow Porsche activated its turn signal and Scott followed it off of Rt. 2.  He was happy to leave the highway behind.  A few more minutes of driving and they had finally reached their destination.  Kirtland Park.
	Another park.
	Scott sighed again.
	From the outside, Kirtland Park resembled a wooded land more than a populated park, due to the thick trees that seemed to cover the park.  But signs existed that revealed that it was indeed a park, one better, happier than the last park he had been in.  There didn’t seem to be any vagabonds hanging around cans of burning garbage and twigs.  Through the trees, Scott could even make out what might be a pavilion in the far distance.  He could also see what might have been a playground for children, shapes and outlines of swings and a metal jungle gym stood out against the green of the trees.  
 Scott was directly behind the yellow Porsche as it pulled off the main road into the park.  A large wooden sign stood at the foot of the road, spelling out KIRTLAND PARK in large, thick black letter.  Once beyond the sign, he immediately began to look for parking lots, because he had become too close to the vehicle and risked exposure.
	If he didn’t do something quick he would absolutely be noticed.
	Only a minute after turning, the narrow park street forked and Scott found himself turning in the opposite direction of the yellow Porsche.  A parking area, nearly empty, sat on the right and he had no choice but to abandon the car.  He couldn’t tell how long or wide the park was, but he hoped there weren’t too many nooks or crannies that the man in the yellow Porsche could hide in.  
	He groaned.  
He swore.  
Frantically, Scott jumped from the car, taking the handgun with him.  And as he did so, the sky decided to open up on him, dropping an onslaught of rain.  It was cold, feeling as if a bucket of water that was just above freezing was dumped onto his head and shoulders.  It chilled him to the core.
He swore.
The rain became harder and he heard cries from a group of parents and children, who had been playing on the nearby playground, the one he had seen from the main road.  At once, the parents and children scattered toward their vehicles.  Scott turned his head away from them, toward a stretch of woods.  
Peering through the trees and rain, Scott witnessed the flash of brake lights.  The red light glimmered in the pouring water.  They were small and low to the ground, coming from what was mostly like a sleek sports car.  On faith, he decided that the flash had come from the back of the yellow Porsche.  
Tucking the Browning into the back of his jeans, Scott pulled his baseball cap down and took off down a concrete jogging path.  The path twisted like a snake through the trees, back and forth, back and forth.  He tried to avoid the forming puddles.  He didn’t want to take the chance of slipping and falling down.  One wrong step and the moisture could bring him down.  
The path began to slither in an undesired direction, one away from where Scott saw the red brake lights.  Leaving the jogging path, he began to make his own trail directly through the trees as rain continued to roar all around him.
His breaths began to come quicker and quicker.
Suddenly, the road and the yellow Porsche was there.  Scott’s heart stopped.  He came to a stop so quickly that he almost slid.  Without full pause, he put himself against a tree, hoping that there had been no one around to witness his arrival. With his body planted against the bark of the tree trunk, he waited and listened, but he couldn’t hear anything over the sound of the pouring rain.
Taking a moment to peak around the tree, Scott saw that the yellow Porsche was not alone.  A black SUV was parked in front of it, both cars pulled to the side of the road.  The other half of the meeting, he assumed.  Meaning that there was another person or group of people to worry about, possibly having guns of their own.
He began to tremble, before shaking it off.  He had already known that the man in the yellow Porsche was having a meeting.  He had known there would be other people.  He had known.
Turning his body, Scott put his hands against the rough bark and looked around the other side of the tree.  Another, smaller playground could be seen. It was quant and empty, having only a set of swings, a teeter-totter, monkey bars, and a narrow building, most likely bathrooms.  Through the veil of rain, he tried to make sure that the playground was in fact empty.
That was when he heard the voices.  They were a low rumble within the rain.  Scott had almost missed them, but somehow the vibrations of the noise were centered out amongst the other ruckus.  Focusing on the voices, he could tell that they were coming from direction of the bathrooms, from the opened door on the side facing the road.
Should he wait?
Should he make a move?
Before he could make a decision, five men came walking out of the building, two of the larger men were holding wide umbrellas for the rest.  The only face that was familiar to Scott was that of the man from the yellow Porsche.  Squinting, he could see that face clearly, even in the almost blinding rain.  
“I got you,” Scott whispered.
He pulled the gun from the waist of his pants.

Chapter 36

The bed was narrow and Ashe had to crowd Katherine in order for them to both fit.  But he didn’t mind being close to her, he didn’t mind feeling the weight of her, the flesh of her, against the side of him.  She snuggled against his chest, with her head on his bare heart.  He liked it.  He loved it.  And he was ashamed of it at the same time.  He had come to her house in order to confront her, to show her how betrayed that he had felt.  He had failed that mission, to once again find himself in bed with her.
He could see the top of her head and spent several minutes admiring her shiny, red hair.  It looked almost like flowing fire.  Taking his hand, Ashe brushed the top of her hair with his palm, almost fearful that the fire might actually burn him. As if Katherine hadn’t burned him enough, already. It felt good to burn, Ashe admitted to himself.
While they laid there in quiet, he wondered how his heart sounded in Katherine’s ear.  Was it a gentle thump?  Or did it sound like it felt, a fast and solid drumming, from a mixture of nerves and excitement.
“This isn’t your house,” Ashe told her, as he stared at the white waves of the ceiling’s plaster.  He could hear rain pouring against the roof.
“Isn’t it?” she replied in a subtle, still sexy voice.  
Glancing around him, he pointed out that “There aren’t any recent pictures of you in the house…none that I saw.  They are pictures when you were young.  A teenager…maybe.  With other pictures are of an older couple.  You don’t even sleep in the master bedroom, but it the smaller room to the side of the master bedroom.   You live with your parents.  This is their house?  And this is your old bedroom…from when you were a kid?”
“Guilty,” she said.  “But that was an easy deduction.”
He nodded.  “Guilty.”
“I ran into a little debt,” Katherine admitted.  “Had to move back home.”
“Make a bad job choice?” Ashe asked.
“A long line of them,” she replied.  “I don’t put too much thought into my new adventure and then it tends to blow up and obliterate my cash supply.”  She looked up at Ashe.  “You are proof of that.  I’m a bit spontaneous and flaky…if you haven’t noticed by now.”  A group of her fingers began to play with his bellybutton.  
“I would never call you…flaky,” he said.  “Crazy.  Maybe.”
She playfully hit his stomach and he pretended like it hurt.  The room became silent again, with nothing but rain and slow breathing to fill the void.  
What was he doing?
“You don’t want to be here,” Katherine stated.
“I shouldn’t be here,” Ashe corrected.
“And yet you are,” she said.  
“And yet,” he agreed.
“Do you want to be?” she asked.
He nodded.
His phone erupted to rip apart the building emotions.  Ashe quickly slipped from beneath Katherine’s naked form and dove for his lying slacks.  Reaching into his pocket, he found and answered the blaring cell phone.
“Hello?”
“Are you wearing pants?” inquired the voice on the other end.
“Sure,” Ashe replied.  
“I have some news for you about that powder,” Ginger said.  Ashe was suddenly alert and aware.   “Can you meet me at April’s Corner Café?”
“Yes,” Ashe blurted.  “Give me thirty?”
“That will work, my man,” Ginger replied.  “I’m bringing a friend.  I hope you don’t mind.  He has some news for you too.”
“Oscar?”
“No, sir,” Ginger assured.  “You will see.”
He reluctantly agreed.  Why would Ginger bring another person into it?  
“See you in thirty minutes,” Ashe told him.
“Not unless I see you first,” Ginger replied and then hung up without anything further.
“I have to run,” Ashe said, turning back to Katherine’s form.  “Something important has come up.”
“Scott?”
“Yep.”
Katherine nodded.
Once dressed, Ashe chose to kiss her goodbye.  The kiss was long and bothersome and he almost crawled back in bed.  By he fought the urge and managed to escape the house. 
Chapter 37

Even though the Browning had been pulled, Scott kept the barrel facing the ground.  He carefully watched the dangerous men, those that had come out of the park’s bathroom and into the pouring rain.  He had to continuously use his free hand to wipe away the rain from his eyes, because it threatened to blur his vision.  Patiently, at least in slight patience, he studied the men’s movements and tried to determine their next steps.  Studying behavior, trying to guess future actions, was always his dad’s field, not his.  At that moment, he wished that some of that talent had rubbed off on him, because he might have been less nervous, less shaky.
Or not.  Just because he might have had more insight into the men’s behavior, the danger behind their intent would still exist.  Understanding dangerous men didn’t make them any less dangerous.  A lesson he was sure his psychologist father knew well.
Scott had to keep his head on, nonetheless.  Who were the men? What were they capable of?  He needed to know.
Scott was in good shape but not stupid enough to believe that he could take on a group of men, some if not all of them armed with weapons which were most likely capable of punching bigger holes than his own.  Looking closely, which was difficult in the continuous rainfall, he tried to size up the men.  The man from the yellow Porsche might have a pistol hidden somewhere on him, but he also might not, leaving the violence to the man at his right, the large guy holding a yellow umbrella. The man holding the yellow umbrella was obvious muscle.  Scott could make out a brown pony tail, which poked out from a black baseball cap and ran down below his shoulders. The man with the yellow umbrella also wore a matching black t-shirt, with a bulge of what was most likely a vest. 
Bulletproof vest.
Scott sighed.
Through the rain, Scott could barely see a large object hanging at the waist of the man holding the yellow umbrella.  A gun.  It looked large, larger than his own.  But it did appear to be handgun, nothing too powerful, like a shotgun or an assault rifle.  Yet, in the hands of someone trained, any gun, even a low caliber pea shooter, was more dangerous than something in the hands of someone like Scott, untrained and shaky.
Scott knew that he could not trade shot for shot with the killer holding the yellow umbrella.
He would lose.
In front of those two men were three more men.  All three of them were wearing what looked like expensive dark suits, Armani or something of similar price.  The two on the outside appeared to be from somewhere in the Middle East, Scott made the assumption based on the fact that their skin closely resembled the sands of the desert.  They were the men in charge, of that he was sure.  
The man in the middle was another obvious bodyguard, and he too held a large umbrella for the other two, but the one he held was dark blue, not yellow.  The second muscle had dark skin and a bald head.  Scott couldn’t make out a vest beneath the suit, but he wouldn’t have been surprised if one existed.  He was also pretty sure weapons of some form were hidden beneath the expensive clothing, but he couldn’t even guess to what size and to what caliber.  That unknowing scared him the most.
He had to be smart before he acted.
Scott was often labeled a jock or an athlete, but he was far from a moron.  He may not be on par with his father but he had intellect.  How could the son of Ashe Walters not have some kind of brain?  So instead of running in guns blazing, he knew that he had to think his actions through.  He had to have a plan.  If he didn’t act on a plan, than he was sure to die in that park, the rain rolling his blood through the woods.
For a few minutes the men just stood in silence. And Scott found it hard to breath. When were they going to do something?
A streak of lightning struck somewhere in the distance, followed by thunder that seemed to shake the trees.  Scott jumped and almost cried out.  He jerked his free hand to his mouth and caught the shriek before it got out.
	One of the Middle Eastern men finally spoke, his words getting lost in the rain.  After he spoke, the other one added something to it.  Lastly, the man from the yellow Porsche made a comment.  The men in charge, yellow Porsche and the two Middle Easterners, shook hands.  Afterward, the Middle Easterners and their muscle departed, heading back to their SUV, while yellow Porsche and his muscle remained behind.
	Scott didn’t consider the turn of events.  A plan suddenly formed in his mind.
	The man from the yellow Porsche and his muscle watched the other men drive off and Scott was happy to see them go.  His enemies had just shrunk from five to two, and he liked those odds a lot better.  It would still be tough and dangerous, but no longer completely impossible.
	Glancing to his feet, Scott found what remained of a large branch.  He reached down and grabbed it. It fit nicely in his hand.  He reluctantly put the handgun in the front of his pants.  He would need two hands for the branch.
	The two remaining men exchanged a few more words and began their walk back to the yellow Porsche.  Scott’s pulse increased its pace as he watched them casually stroll back to the vehicle. They were casually exchanging dialogue, but Scott couldn’t make out what they were saying, once again the words were lost in the rain, which seemed to have increased in its density.
 He wiped more water from his eyes.
Watching the men, Scott knew that his chance was coming and once he took the first step there was no turning back, at least not alive.
	When the men arrived at the car, Scott sprang from behind the tree.  Sprinting up behind them, he swung the remnant of the branch with everything he had, planting it across the back of the big man’s skull.  It shattered under the force.  The vibrations reverberated through his knuckles.  The big man stumbled forward but didn’t go down.  He didn’t even go to his knees.  From a leather holster, Scott caught sight of the big guy’s handgun.  Before the big man had time to shake away the ringing in his ears, Scott ripped the man’s gun from its holster and heaved it across the street and into the woods on the other side.  He didn’t want to have to keep track of two loaded weapons.
	Turning, Scott grabbed his own gun from his waist.
	The man from the yellow Porsche was looking at Scott in surprise, his mouth open.  Once he was over the initial shock, the man from the yellow Porsche would react.  In order to neutralize him, Scott pointed the gun and shot him in the lower part of his calf.  It only grazed the leg and did little more than remove a chunk of skin, but the man screamed in pain, anyway.  The cry was a mixture of pain and anger.
	That would occupy the yellow man for a moment.  Or so he hoped.
	While Scott’s attention was on the main target, though, the big guy had regained his senses and rushed Scott, taking him to the ground.  The Browning fell from Scott’s hand, but he didn’t let that stop him from acting.  With the big guy was on top of him attempting to subdue him, Scott used his fists while he still could.  He swung, connecting with the man’s jaw, but the hit wasn’t strong enough.  He swung again and again, but the big man shrugged off the blows.  In desperation, Scott rammed his thumb into the big man’s right eye and felt the eyeball shift.
	The big guy’s head jerked back and he groaned but he continued to fight with Scott’s arms, as he tried to pin them down.  The rain, though, had made Scott wet and slippery and the big guy couldn’t keep a hold of him.  Using it to his advantage, Scott began to wiggle rapidly beneath the big guy.  Finding the right position, Scott then brought his knee against the big guy’s crotch.
	It was dirty.
	But fuck it.
	The guy on top of Scott immediately tensed and Scott managed to slip away.  He grabbed another tree limb, one slightly smaller than the last.  Still sitting, facing the big man, Scott swung another piece of wood and connected with the man’s face.  
	That time there was blood.
	But the blood coming from the big guy’s lip and cheek seemed to bring him back to reality and he lunged to his feet, faster than any reaction Scott could make.  The big guy rushed Scott again, driving him back into the side of tree.  Breath escaped Scott.  His lungs emptied.  The big man rapidly jabbed Scott again in his empty lungs, making sure that he could not catch his breath.
	Scott felt momentarily paralyzed.
	Finding a fragment of clear thought, Scott tried to attack.  Momentarily forgetting about the vest beneath the big guy’s black t-shirt, Scott jabbed and tried to steal the man’s air, but heard his knuckle pop instead.
	A yelp flew from his lips.
	Scott bent his head in, but not for a head-butt.  Instead he bit down on the big man’s nose and tasted the man’s blood as it filled his mouth.  Leaning back, he then spat the mouthful of crimson blood into the big guy’s eyes.  First the big guy flinched in surprise.  And then he fell back a step as the blood seeped further into his eyes.
	While the big guy began to paw at his eyes, Scott took the chance to ball a fist and hit the big man as hard as he could in the jaw.  Even though Scott had brains, he was an athlete through and through, built and muscular, and when he was able to properly hit someone on the chin it was no surprise when they went down.  And the big guy, the hired muscle, reacted to the blow by falling backward, his feet slipping on the wet ground.  He went down but remained semi-conscious.
	Retrieving the Browining from the ground, Scott walked over to the big guy and pointed the gun downward at him.  Then…he paused.  The man on the ground had been trying to kill him but the act was initiated by Scott himself.  It wasn’t exactly self-defense.  Was it?  How could he justify another body, another dead person by his hand?  It wasn’t the same as Owen or the black guys from the other park.
	He was conflicted.
	The man had been a threat but he was neutralized, barely.  He couldn’t kill the guy, Scott realized, even if the man was a typical bad guy and had most likely killed people by his own hands.  Scott was not like that, though.  He was not a bad guy.  He did not kill for money or thrill but for his own life, his own survival.  That was, by all means, the way that he saw it, even if not too many other people viewed it in the same light.
	Instead of pulling the Browning’s trigger, Scott brought his right foot across the side of the man’s head.  He put in enough momentum that it nearly pulled the other foot out from under him.  But he stabilized himself and remained on his feet.  The hit seemed to put the man the rest of the way asleep.  
	Leaving the big man behind, Scott ran over to the man at the yellow Porsche, who was on the ground by the vehicle, still cradling his wounded leg.  A little stream of red was pooling at the man’s feet. 
	“Get up,” Scott ordered, with the barrel of the handgun pointing at the man’s head.
	The man glared up at Scott.  A smirk seemed to appear at the corner of his mouth.  “You shot me in my good leg,” he called out over the rain.  “Are you going to shoot me again if I decide to just sit here and bleed?”
	“Get up!”
	“Not going to happen, Mr. Walters,” the man replied.  “I know who you are.  But I’m not sure how you know me?”
	Scott shook his head in frustration.
	“Take off your tie,” Scott told him.
	The man from the yellow Porsche had not been wearing a fancy, flashy suit, but he was wearing a tie.  A yellow one.  The man with the yellow tie nodded and undid his tie.  
	Pointing to the hurt leg, Scott made another order.  “Tie it around your leg.  Get that bleeding under control.  And then get your ass off that ground.  Do you understand me?”
	The man with the yellow tie shrugged and Scott was taken aback by the simple gesture.  And then it dawned on him.  The man with the yellow tie knew that he wasn’t going to die…not yet, which was why he never saw Scott coming.  Scott had no intention of killing the man, making him invisible on the man’s radar.
	“You didn’t know I was coming,” Scott said.  “Not used to that feeling are you?”
	The man with the yellow tie laughed.
	“What feeling?” the man asked.
	“Dumbfounded,” Scott said.  “Confusion.  Shock.  Why am I here?  What do I want?  You don’t know.”  The words almost got caught in his still hurting lungs.  
	“Don’t I?”
	“No,” Scott insisted.  “Get that tie on your leg and get up.”
	“Sure thing, boss,” the man with the yellow tie said, faking a Texas accent. “This is your rodeo.  And I’m just the wounded bull.”  
	Scott watched the tie get wrapped around the man’s leg, just above the wound.  He watched as the man pulled it tight and cut off most of the blood flow.  With a smirk still on his face, the man rose to his feet and began to limp off.  
	“Let’s go,” the wounded bull said.  
	Scott pointed the direction and led the man off through the woods, back to where he had parked Bam’s car.  For a brief moment he considered taking the Porsche.  It would be faster.  But he would not leave behind Bam’s car.  He would not leave it behind to be evidence.  Would there be the need for evidence?  He hoped that there wouldn’t be any crime report.  The big guy was a hired thug and there wasn’t any body.  Anyway.  How could anyone explain the crime, without giving away the reason the secret meeting was taking place in a park’s bathroom?
	Scott wasn’t sure, though, and he wasn’t taking any chances.
	The trek back to the car was long and the yellow man seemed to be taking his sweet time, perhaps due to his hurt leg.  The good news was that the rain seemed to be growing lighter, possibly stopping at any minute.  But there was bad news.  Scott saw the bad news when the parking area came into full view.  The rain didn’t seem to scare off many people, who must have decided to wait it out in their vehicles.
	Witnesses.
	Damn.
	Scott moved close behind the yellow man, close enough to conceal the Browning.  “Don’t even try,” he warned the man.  “I will put a hole in the middle of your back.  If you doubt that statement, feel free to yell for help.”
	“I never doubt the man with the gun,” the man replied.  
	“Good philosophy,” Scott said.
	No one seemed to notice the two men as they crossed the parking lot and they seemed to get to Bam’s car without any problems.  But then that changed.  From behind, Scott heard large footsteps stomping toward them.  He turned around in time to see the big man running, full sprint, toward Bam’s car.  Red still covered the man’s face.  A large handgun was in his hand.
	On instinct, Scott fired a shot at the big man.  The bullet went wild because it had been forced and seemingly impacted near to the feet of the assailant.  Instead of firing a second shot, he pulled the yellow man in between the big guy and himself.  He would learn exactly how loyal the big guy was to his boss.  That loyalty could mean life or death for Scott.
	The big guy at once failed the test.  It appeared that he was not coming at Scott to save his boss, at least not anymore.  He was coming at Scott for revenge, to put down the young punk who had bit his nose.  
	Revenge often trumped loyalty.
	Luckily, Scott pulled his human shield down in time to dodge the bullet, which caused a cracking sound as it hit Bam’s car.  In a kneeling position, Scott took a calm moment, aimed and fired.  Somehow Scott had managed to hit the big man just below his bulletproof vest, punching a whole into part of his lower stomach and his hip.  Scott could see the blood beginning to stream as the big man dropped to his knees and then to his back. 
	There was shrieking in the background and it seemed to have existed before Scott happened to notice.  The sound of the shouting onlookers caused him to at once panic.  He quickly jumped to his feet and forced the yellow man into the car.  Once inside, Scott drove away from the park, cursing as loud as he could.
	The big guy might die.
	Fuck.
Another body.  

Chapter 38

April’s Corner Café was one of the few remaining old style diners in Youngstown, due to both the recession and competition with the more mainstream food service outlets, like McDonalds and Denny’s.  It was the common battle between the big guy and the little guy and the family owned businesses were not as lucky as the bible claimed David had been against Goliath.  In reality, the little guy rarely wins against the big guy.  Small diners seem to be going by the wayside, to eventually wash upon the shore next to the mom and pop bookstores, which have long been run out of town by the internet and Amazon.com.   
It was a shame.
Ashe didn’t consider himself to be old, being only forty, but he was slightly old fashioned when it came to eating.  He didn’t care much for fast food franchises, where the food felt plain and mundane, mass produced, as if it came off a conveyor belt.  There was no personality.  It was boring.  He preferred places like April’s Corner Café, where the food was made with pride and specialty, not where just any high school student could get a job flipping hamburgers.
Minimum wage tended to pay for minimum quality food.
He must have been early, because Ginger and his mystery friend were not there yet.  There were only two booths occupied when Ashe arrived at the café and he took one that was in the far back corner, away from the counter and the other eaters.  He had a feeling that he didn’t want any other ears to be able to hear the upcoming conversation.  But what could Ginger have for him?  What had he discovered about the powder that would give cause to a covert meeting in a nearly empty dinner?
Ashe’s mind overflowed with possibilities.  His imagination went into overdrive.  And as he waited, ordering only a simple cup of black coffee, his patience immediately wore thin, causing his foot to wiggle and twitch to a pretend, upbeat rhythm.  The rhythm was that of frustration and annoyance.  How much longer would he have to wait?  Whatever Ginger had discovered, Ashe needed to know.  He needed some kind of news.  He needed some kind of answers.  He just hoped that whatever Ginger had to tell him that it did not only open up more questions.  He was sick and tired of questions.
He was also sick and tired of conflicted emotions.  Ashe sat there in the booth alone and tried his best to occupy his mind with other things, but no other things seemed to exist outside of Scott and Katherine.  
Katherine.
He didn’t want to think about Katherine…at all.  It was nothing but a bridge he would have to burn, eventually.  Or was it?  For some reason something was saving that particular bridge from being kissed by flames.  Was it loneliness?  Was it pleasure? Or did he actually have feelings for Katherine? Ashe didn’t know.  He was truly and utterly conflicted and he hated it.  Yet, he didn’t have the motivation to figure out his feeling for Katherine.  He simply wanted to avoid them.  
 Ashe finally decided to order some food, hoping that if he filled his stomach it might dull his mind a little.  When he stuffed his gut full, his mind sometimes became slow and sleepy.  He could only hope.
  “Let me get the hot meatloaf sandwich with French fries.  I want gravy on the fries, also,” he told the female server.  He considered ordering a Sam Adams, but asked her for some more coffee, instead.  The server jotted down his request and then took the order over to the cook, before returning with a pot of steaming black liquid.
It smelled like heaven.
Ashe took a sip of his coffee, breathing in the fumes.  He looked up to see Ginger entering the café.  Ginger was solo, his friend nowhere to be seen.  Casually, Ginger glanced around and noticed Ashe, who waved him over.  With a wide grin of his bearded face, Ginger strolled over and slid into the booth.
“Afternoon, my friend,” Ginger greeted.
The female server immediately returned when she noticed Ginger, her order book back in hand.  But the server was quickly dismissed by Ginger with only an order for coffee. It took a couple seconds for her to bring the Irishman a white mug filled to the brim.  Ashe watched as Ginger diluted the black liquid with loads of sugar and creamer until it was nearly was a pale as the powder at the bottom of the black and gold container.
Blasphemy.
There were two drinks that Ashe took absolutely seriously, Sam Adams and coffee.
“When you’re done destroying that coffee,” Ashe began, “we can get down to why I am here?”
“In time, Ashy boy,” Ginger replied.  “Did you order food?”
“A bite,” Ashe said.  “You going to eat?”
“I might nibble a bit,” Ginger told him, waiving the server back to the table.  He asked for some appetizers, mozzarella sticks, fried mushrooms, and pepper poppers, all deep fried and greasy.
“I thought you were bringing someone,” Ashe questioned.  “Or were you blowing smoke up my ass, trying to throw me off balance for some sick pleasure.”  He smirked.  “Wouldn’t be the first time you messed with my head, Ginger.”
Ginger shook his head.
“Not this time,” he said.  “He is just running late.  Busy guy.  You can relate to that.”
“I’ve been kicked out of my prison,” Ashe told him.  “It might be the first time in history that someone was asked to leave Wilson.”
“Or not.”
“Or not.”
Ashe smelled his gravy and turned to see his plate approaching.  His stomach gave a gurgle and then a growl.  “Why are we here?” he asked Ginger as he stuffed a bite of gravy fries into his mouth.  “And why so mysterious?  You are usually not so…KGB-like.”
“Or am I?” Ginger joked and then laughed.
“Quit it,” Ashe demanded.  “You are stalling.  I don’t care if your friend is here or not.  I want you to tell me why I am here.”
Suddenly, as if appearing from the air, the black and gold container was on the table.  “That is why we are here.  That right there.”
“What is it?” Ashe inquired.
“Where did you get it?” Ginger asked, ignoring Ashe’s question.  “And don’t tell me any bull about it belonging to a new girlyfriend.  I know it to be a lie.”
“It is a lie,” Ashe acknowledged.  “You are right.  I’m sorry that I told you that, but I didn’t want to involve you any more than I needed to.”
“Another lie,” Ginger spat.  “You didn’t trust me.”
	“I don’t know who to trust,” Ashe confessed.  “It is nothing personal, but I feel like I’m floating with no way back to the ground.  Oscar had sidelined me on my own son’s investigation and I didn’t know where your loyalty sat.  I thought that I could trust him and…and I couldn’t ask you to decide between me, someone you used to work with, and Oscar, one of the lead detectives in your precinct.”
	“I know, friend” Ginger said.  “This is about Scott.  Right?”
	Ashe nodded.
	“Don’t forget what you done for my brother,” Ginger said.  “Because I won’t.  You listened to his crazy ass when no one else wanted to, not even his own family would, and you decided to help him.  You helped him more than he deserved, I tell you.  I owe you.  I still will owe you after this.”
	“You don’t owe me,” Ashe told him.  “And I was an asshole to hold that over your head.  I did that for my own personal, selfish reasons.  That was wrong.  I’m sorry.”
	“Shut that up,” Ginger insisted.  He pointed to the container, which still sat, almost malevolently, on the café table. “Where did you get that container?” 
	Ashe described gaining access into Scott’s building and Scott’s apartment.  He told Ginger about finding the black and gold container, along with taking the dream journal.  He thought about leaving out the dream journal, but went with it anyway.  Ashe felt his head filling up with pressure.  It had been building up for the past couple of days, the secrets and half-truths, telling one person one thing while keeping another thing from that same person.  
	It was too much.
	“Why would you break into a crime scene?” Ginger asked.  “Have you gone mad?”
	“Yes,” Ashe replied.  
	“Good,” Ginger said.  “It’s about time, my friend.  Sometimes a situation will encourage madness and insanity.  It becomes a necessity.  It becomes the sane thing to do.”
	Ashe closed his eyes.  “What did you find out about the powder, Ginger?”  He opened back up his eyes.  “Please?”
	“There wasn’t a whole lot of substance to analyze,” Ginger said.  “But there was enough to run a couple tests, which showed me what I figured I would find.  That substance was made of…”
	Ashe swiftly interrupted.
	“What do you mean…figured you would find?  How could you figure anything about what I gave you?” he asked.  
	“It wasn’t the first time that I had seen that container,” Ginger admitted.  
	“What?”
	“Not now.”
	“Right now,” Ashe insisted.
	“Not now,” Ginger repeated. “The substance contained a mixture of rare fungus, amphetamines, herbs, and baby powder.  Yes…baby powder.  These ingredients are ground and dyed white and put into pill form.  A simple pill, without any designs or brand name.”
	“Pill form?  I gave you a powder,” Ashe said, slightly baffled.
	“Yea,” Ginger admitted.  “But that was only a dusting left behind by the pill that had been in the container.”
	“A pill?”
	Ginger nodded.
	“Yes.”
	“And you’ve been in possession of a similar pill of this same substance?”
	“Yes.  Just one though, we were able to synthesize the ingredients for further study,” Ginger replied.
	“And you have been able to test it?”
	Ginger nodded.  “On the rodents.”
	“And what effect does that pill have?” Ashe asked.  “What symptoms does it cause?”  Understanding the effect of the substance that he had found in Scott’s room could shine light on some important answers to the whole mess.  It could bring Ashe closer to understanding his son’s state of mind because he will be able to view the behavior with a specific point of context.  When diagnosing a person’s behavior, having a pivotal point, something upon which everything rotates around, was important.  
	An elderly man may stab his nurse with a fork because dementia had caused him to believe that the male nurse was actually an intruder, intending to rob and kill him.
	Tainted heroine could make a young woman believe that she could fly, causing her to jump to her death from the balcony of her high-rise apartment.
	Context.
	A core.
	That was all Ashe needed.
	“What I want you to see, Ashe,” Ginger began, “is that the ingredients, accept for the amphetamines, are harmless.  Not only are they harmless, they are bloody pointless…if you are not preparing some weird types of food.  I wouldn’t use them in my delicious cuisine, I tell you what.  Technically, if you want to get technical, and I quite often do such, the pill shouldn’t do anything.  Yet, it does.”
	“Why?  How?  I don’t understand,” Ashe stated, pushing his plate of food aside.  He leaned forward, his elbow on the previously occupied portion of the table.  “It obviously does something.”
	The server returned with Ginger’s deep fried food.  He took a bite and continued.  “While I tested on the wee rodents, I had an idea of testing all the ingredients accept for the amphetamines,” Ginger said.  “It was a hunch.  Stroke of genius.  One of many.  When lacking the amphetamines, my friend, the other ingredients have no effect, outside of giving some of the wee ones the runs.  Nasty case too.  Couldn’t stop pooping.”
	“But with the amphetamines?”
	When taken, amphetamines can cause some serious mental problems, causing things like psychosis and other psychotic states.  One of the possible symptoms of psychosis is the imagined threat of persecution, possibly causing the person to act against the perceived threat, believing it to be self-defense.  
	Did that explain Owen?  And Franklin Barrett’ wife and son?
	“Craziness,” Ginger replied.  “The wee rodents became aggressive, but never to each other. Which was strange. We put pairs together to see how they would react and they were never anything but buddy-buddy with the other rodent.  They would only appear agitated, vicious when a human would approach the cages.”
	“They were only aggressive when a person would be involved,” Ashe said, more to himself than to Ginger.  “But they were not aggressive to other rats.  What does that mean?”  He wasn’t sure what would cause a rat to grow violent against their human handlers without causing them to strike out against their own kind.  “When you say aggressive, what exactly do you mean, Ginger?”
	“Aggressive,” Ginger answered.  “They would attack the cage when someone would be by it.  They would freak out when someone had to get into the cage for any reason.”
	“Are you sure they were being aggressive?”
	“What do you mean?”
	“Could they have been afraid?” Ashe asked.  “Reacting with fear instead of anger or irritation?”
	Ginger opened his mouth to speak, but shut it quickly.  His eyes looked away from Ashe, clearly distracted with thought.  “I’d never considered that,” Ginger admitted.  “The rats normally don’t fear us.  We have raised them and we are the ones that feed them.  Even during tests, the wee ones are always ambivalent to people.  But the substance changed that.”
	The substance changed that, Ashe thought to himself.  “We both know that substances can do strange things to behavior.  If this pill could cause aggression, that could explain Scott’s behavior…to a point.  There seems to be more to it, though, than just straight forward aggression.  It doesn’t fit everything.  I talked to Scott, Ginger, and I didn’t get the feeling of aggression, outside of expected reactions.”  He remembered how Scott sounded when he had heard Katherine’s voice, but that response was more due to hurt than anger.  
	“You talked to Scott?”
	Ashe nodded.
	“It makes sense that he would reach out to you…at some point,” Ginger said.  “The sons and the fathers and all that biblical mess.  He must honestly believe that you are out to help him…instead of to hurt him.”
	“I would never want to hurt him.  He wouldn’t have called me if he ever questioned that,” Ashe told him, and when the words left his mouth, something occurred to him.  It was a strange idea, but he asked anyway.  “You said the rats attacked when people were at the cage?  Right?  Did they attack everyone?”
	Ginger considered the question.  “I’m not following you,” he said.
	“How many handlers deal with the rats?”
	“Besides myself?  Three interns deal directly with the rats,” Ginger told him.  
	“Did they attach when you came to the cage?”
	Ginger shook his head.  “No.  They only attacked at the other three.”
	“Are you still squeamish about putting the rats down after experiments?” Ashe asked.  “I remember how you never could do that yourself.  You said that it was the same as killing your own babies.”
	“I never kill the wee ones,” Ginger said.  
	“And they never attacked you,” Ashe said.
	“Right.  Why is that important?”
	“Fear,” Ashe said.  “They didn’t see you as a threat.  They weren’t afraid of you.  Paranoia?  Maybe.  Hypersensitivity to external stimuli, mainly those that might be a threat?  Could be.”  What about hallucination?  He had been sure that they played a part in the events that have occurred, with both Barrett and his son.  Their eyes had been opened and they had seen something that they believed gave them a reason to kill.  If not hallucinations, then what?
	“Did the rats appear to see things?” Ashe asked ginger.
	“Imaginary things?” Ginger responded.  “Not that I can tell.”  He shook his head.  “Why would they only attack the interns?  How would the rodents know they were a threat?  How could they possibly?”
	“I don’t know,” Ashe replied.  “Maybe they picked up on body language.  Paranoia can heighten senses, causing even rats to become sensitive to cues.”
	“Could be,” Ginger said.  Something under the table chimed and Ginger swiftly reach for his cell phone.  “I got a text,” he declared, looking at the phone.  “My friend is pulling in.”
	“Your friend is far from punctual,” Ashe said.  “I know.  I know.  Busy.”  He turned his attention to the front door of the café and nearly swore out loud when Oscar walked through it.  Scratch that.  He did swear out loud.  “Shit!”  And added, “Liar!”

Chapter 39

Ginger moved to stand so that Oscar could slide into the booth, but Oscar stopped the red haired man by holding up a hand.  Instead, Oscar pushed Ginger’s shoulder, forcing him to slide over to the wall.  Oscar would rather sit on the outside of the seat and Ashe knew why.  Ashe knew that Oscar liked sit on the outside of booths for the same reason he always booked the aisle seat on an airplane,  he wanted the ability to instantly react whenever a reason presented itself, which would be difficult if he had to climb over another person.
	It made sense.
	Oscar had a smug expression when he put his attention on Ashe.  The expression irritated Ashe and he wanted to leap over the table to choke the detective.  If not the detective, he could choke the life out of Ginger, the person who had knowingly brought Oscar into their so-called den of secrets.  
	They were obviously secrets no more, Ashe realized.  And what did that mean for him?  He wasn’t sure.  
	Putting his arms out, Ashe connected them at the wrist.  “Are you going to arrest me, Detective Harrison?  Infringement on an active investigation?  Trespassing on a crime scene?  Obstruction of justice?  Should I get up and assume the position?”
	“I’m on a food break,” Oscar replied, shaking his head.  “I don’t arrest people on my breaks.  It’s bad for the soul.”  He motioned for the female server and asked for coffee.  Once he had his own steaming mug, he ordered a club sandwich with plain chips.  
	“Hmm,” Ashe said, not sure how else to respond to his old friend.  “What do you know?”
	“I know everything, Ashe,” Oscar said.  “I know that you’ve been conducting your own little investigation behind my back, even though I asked you nicely to stay out of it.”
	Ashe went to protest but was cut off.
	“I asked you nicely,” the detective repeated.  “But you’ve been asking questions…when you weren’t sneaking out of bathroom windows.  Did that really happen?  The bartender had told me you were there and you went into the bathroom.  I went back there and you were gone.  Window open.”
	Ashe nodded.
	Oscar laughed.  “I know that you went into my crime scene.  And I know, after talking to Ginger here, that you took evidence from that scene.”  He sighed.  “You know what I am going to do with you, Ashe?”
	“Book me, Danno?” he replied.
	“Nothing.”
	“Nothing?”
	“Nothing at all,” Oscar clarified.  “Because I drove you to it.  I pushed you out that window when I ordered you to stay on the sideline of your own son’s investigation.  I said that it was because you were emotionally compromised.  And I stand by that statement.  But so was I.  So was the whole department.”
	“I don’t follow,” Ashe said.
	“From the beginning,” Oscar began, “this investigation, this manhunt has been compromised by all sides.  We know you and love you Ashe…as a former coworker and as our friend.  And that clouded judgments…which messed with protocol.”
	As Oscar spoke, something occurred to Ashe.  “You personally never went into Scott’s room?”
	“No,” Oscar answered.  “And we didn’t process his room fully right away, which we should have.  I had CSU go in and quickly grab whatever immediately grabbed their attention. We focused on the actual crime scene.  Or at least I told myself that.  But if it would have been anyone else, I would have had their bedrooms torn to shit within the first few minutes. But I didn’t.   Inside, somewhere, I didn’t believe that Scott could have murdered Owen in cold blood.  It took the next bodies to slap me in the face and wake me up a little.”
	“I got slapped pretty good myself,” Ashe admitted. 
	 “Scott’s face should have been on the news that night,” Oscar insisted.  Before Ashe could react, he added, “And you know it, too.  That is protocol when it comes to suspect on the run.  If not that night, then as soon as the next bodies were positively linked to Owen’s death.  I know that you believe that having that press conference puts your son’s life in danger, but that only proves my point.  Finding the murder suspect should be the YPD’s only priority.  But…we kept it to ourselves.  We fucked up.  And that should have never happened.”
	Ashe didn’t want to but he had to agree.  Everyone had dropped the ball on the investigation, mostly due to the identity of the suspect.  “I know.  I just…I don’t know.  He is my son, Oscar.  I didn’t know any other way to act.”  He groaned.  “If you didn’t go into Scott’s room that night, then you didn’t see that.” He pointed to the black and gold container that still sat in front of Ginger.  “You know what that is, don’t you?”
	“I’ve seen something like it before,” Oscar said.  “CSU should have taken it when they were in there.”
	“And that is why Ginger called you,” Ashe replied.  
	“Ginger called me because he knew that you were in the shit over your head, Ashe,” Oscar said, taking a sip of his black coffee.  “Finding that container in Scott’s bedroom changes things.  It makes what is going on larger than I expected it to be.  The question is…why did you take it?  What made you think it was important?”
	“It was an anomaly,” Ashe replied.  “It didn’t belong in that bedroom.  It didn’t fit.”
	“Okay,” Oscar stated.  “What do you think it means?”
	“Drugs?  I was right about thinking on that angle?”
	“To a point,” Oscar said, taking another sip of the hot black liquid.  
	“What is that, Oscar?” Ashe asked, pointing again at the black and gold container.  “What exactly does that mean?  Ginger has already given me an idea of what the pill that was inside that container involves.  Strange ingredients.  Amphetamines.  Severe symptoms.  Paranoia.  Aggression.  Possible hallucinations or delusions…based on my own findings during my little investigation.  There is a phenomenon known as Amphetamine Psychosis, wherein the person expresses these symptoms.  Sense of reality is distorted by this mental disruption.  It seems to fit the picture, I believe.”
	“It brings other possible players into the game,” Oscar told him.
	“Steven Reynolds?”
	Oscar cocked his eyebrow.  “Hell no.  You need to get that man out of your mind.  He is nowhere near this.”
	“Then who?”
	During the conversation between Ashe and Oscar, Ginger had been silently eating fried food and drinking coffee, waiting for the moment he could chime back in.  At Ashe’s question, his ears seemed to perk up and he had to rejoin the chatter.  “Organized crime.”  He giggled.  “And the criminals involved in that organized crime.”
	“All of them?” Ashe asked, unsure of what Ginger was speak of.  “I find that unlikely.”
	“What the lab rat is trying to say is that this here container has only been found at scenes loosely dealing with organized crime,” Oscar said.  He picked the container off of the café’s table.  “We have three distinct and unique crime scenes where this plain-Jane container has been found.  One where we actually turned up an intact pill.  There was little to nothing to connect the scenes…except for this.”  He pulled the container in toward his eyes and began to inspect and possibly admire it.  “The first one was the massacre at the public library two years ago.”
	“The Picante family?” Ashe asked.  “I saw it on the news.  I don’t remember the exact details.  A gunman attacked the family during some kind of secret meeting at the back of the library?”
	“The gunman had worked for the family,” Oscar elaborated.  “Charlie Parker.  A bodyguard for the head member of the family, even.  Luis Picante had swore by the man and had been quoted as saying that he trusted the man with his life.  He had trusted the man right up until the day Charlie shot him in the face.  Charlie Parker then went on to gun down the remaining members of the family, before fleeing from the building.  He still has not been caught.  Witnesses and video surveillance had identified him as the killer.”
	“Motive?” Ashe asked.
	“The man went crazy,” Ginger said.  
	“No,” Oscar corrected.  “People don’t just go crazy.  I’ve never believed that.”
	“Then what?” Ashe asked.
	“The librarian said that she had heard what sounded like a confrontation between Charlie Parker and the family,” Oscar said.  “It had not been cold blooded and calculated.  The librarian had told us that she could have sworn that the gunman sounded scared, as if he had been reacting to a threat.  It was like he had been confronting a threat with force.  But Charlie Parker had been the only person armed with any type of weapon.  Why had he felt threatened?”
	“Odd,” Ginger stated.
	“Where did you find the container?” Ashe asked.
	“At the suspect’s apartment,” Oscar replied.  “Once he was identified, we raided his home but he was long gone.  We found the container on the coffee table of the living room.  It had just been lying there.  Empty.  We had no idea at that time what it might have meant.”
	“Any motive turn up during the investigation?” 
	“Nothing solid,” Oscar admitted.  “It could have been a lot of things.  Nothing stood out.”
	“What was the second situation?”
	“Young Matty Windham,” Ginger replied to Ashe’s question.  He turned his eyes to his empty plate in disgust.  Before Ashe or Oscar could say anything or add anything to his response, Ginger waved over the server for another refill on his coffee.  Reaching past Oscar, he added his usual load of creamer and sugar.  
	Ashe turned away from Ginger, after waiting for him to elaborate.  Looking at Oscar, Ashe arched his eyebrows in question.  “Who is Matty Windham?”
	“A teenager who murdered his father and disabled his mother with a hammer,” Oscar said.  “He had apparently snuck into the garage in the middle of the night and took his dads hammer from his tool box.  While they slept, he took the hammer to his father’s head before moving on to the mother.  The mother managed to fight him off but not before he hit her one good time in the eye, blinding her in that eye for life.  During the struggle, the mother managed to kill Mathew with the same hammer he had come at them with.  You probably would better recognize the name, Ashe, if he had lived.  Sure he would have been tried as an adult and sent to Wilson.  He would have been in your chair.  No doubt in my mind.”
	“What motive could he have had to attack his parents like that?” Ashe asked.  “You said they had been attacked in their beds?  Sounds like the same way Scott killed Owen.” He pointed out the similarities between Owen’s death and Mathew’s assault on his parents, but he didn’t mention Franklin Barrett.  Not yet, anyway.  
	Oscar cocked his head slightly.  “Coincidence,” he replied and shrugged it off.  
	“And there was no identifiable connection to the Picante murders?” Ashe questioned, already having been told the answer.  “But you did find that container.  Obviously.”  He took the moment to reach over to Oscar and take the container from him.  He began to play with it, slide it across his fingers.  It was so little and appeared harmless.  What secrets did it hold?  And why was Scott involved?
	Oscar nodded.
	The server arrived with Oscar’s plate of food.  
	“In his high school back pack,” Oscar said, once the server was out of hearing range.  “It was tucked into one of the side pouches.”
	Ashe let the details sink in.  
	“But when I say there is little to connect the crimes, you know, besides the container,” Oscar began, his mouth full of chips, “that is not completely true.  Organized crime connects them, as Ginger has told you.  But that is all the connection we have come across…the thin definition of organized crime.”
	“What did Mathew Windham have to do with organized crime?” Ashe asked.  “His parents where in it, somehow, weren’t they.”
	“Yes,” Oscar replied.  “But nothing big.  The father, Thomas Windham, was a cop.”
	“A cop?  How do I not know the name?” Ashe wondered.
	“You do,” Oscar blurted, surprising Ashe.  “Only no one ever called him Thomas or Tom.  He went by other names.”
	Realization came to the psychologist.  “Tommy-on-the-take.  I didn’t know he was killed.  Where have I been the past few years?”  
	“You needed to get away,” Oscar told him.  “I’m sorry that you are getting brought back into this world.”
	“I’ve never left the world of killers, Oscar,” Ashe said.  “And you know it.”
	Oscar grunted.
	“Tommy-on-the-take,” Ginger mumbled from whatever world he had been in for the past few minutes.  “Tommy-on-the-take was a dirty rotten shame of a cop.  Always on the take for whatever he could get.  Dirty.  Dirty.  Dirty shame of a man.”
	“But you could never prove it, though,” Ashe said.
	Oscar agreed with the statement.  “Never could find any evidence.  But everyone knew he was in the pocket of some serious guys.”
	“The Picante family?”
	“They were never in question, that we could tell,” Oscar replied.  “But who knows.  Circumstantial at best.  But that life never had to do with Mathew.  And it was him who committed the crime.”
	Ashe nodded.  That was true.  
	“And Matty was never part of any crime family,” Ginger added.  “The container had a small dusting, just like the one you got from Scott’s bedroom.  We matched the substance to what was in Mathew’s blood stream.  It was hard to find…but I am that good, my friend.”
	“Are you done gloating?” Oscar asked Ginger.
	“Yes, sir,” he replied.
	Ashe just watched the exchange.  There was a strange relationship between the cops and the lab, as it always has been between religion and science.  To a lot of police officers, law enforcement was not just a duty but a religion, one that was based on gut instincts and faith in both the system and the god that protects them from the bad guys.  While the lab relied on studies and experiments, the hard science that made the evidence speak to them.  Religion and science, was an age old squabble.  However, within law enforcement, it had become a friendship as well, no longer trapped in the dark ages.  Crime investigation embraces that line where the two positions, religion and science, could merge and blend and fill in where the other one falls short.  It was a true dream team.   
	He noticed that the rain had stopped but the clouds refused to break up.
	“And the third situation?” Ashe asked.  
	Ginger sighed.  The sound was not good to Ashe’s ears, reminding him of a whining horse when it had broken a leg and was about to put down.
	“That bad?” Ashe inquired.  “It couldn’t be much worse than Mathew Windham.”
	“Not worse in brutality,” Oscar said.  “But it was worse in scope.  I know that you know this one.  Everyone knows this one. Women and children gunned down…all to get at three brothers.  The gunman drove by an opened fire on the entire building.”
	“At a church,” Ashe said, remembering the story.  It was awful.  “St. Anthony of the Angels on E. Wood Street. Nine people dead, including twin toddlers who were sitting with their father in the back pew.  Several others were seriously injured.  Including other children.  It was all over the news.”  Anytime a child dies, something inside of Ashe…dies?  He didn’t know if that was the right word to describe what happened to him, but it was close enough.  What took place inside of him whenever a child was needlessly affected by violence was hard to describe in civilized and structured language.  Emotions stirred.  Ones he forgot that he had.  They were guttural and instinctual feelings that were at his core, possibly at the core of everyone.  No.  Not everyone.  Not everyone had those instincts.  If they did…no child would have to suffer.  
	“I still think about it,” Oscar admitted.  
	“I don’t remember hearing about any target, though,” Ashe said.  “What three brothers was the man after?”
	“The Cool brothers,” Oscar told him.  “Joe, Johnny, and Jimmy.”
	“The gun runners?  They are petty criminals…from what I remember.  A few unproven homicides to their heads.  Mostly other low-life criminal types.  They were never mentioned in the news,” Ashe said.  “Why?”
	“No reason to,” Ginger conveyed.  “Nothing could tie them to the shooting, at least nothing short of hunches.  And the later confession of the gunman.  Victor Ortiz.”
	“Victor Ortiz?”
	Oscar took the reins and continued.  “We located Victor Ortiz a few days later and he was arrested as being the gunman.  He confessed to the shooting and to the targets being the Cool brothers.  Wouldn’t tell us why.”
	“I don’t remember a gunman being caught,” Ashe admitted.  “Victor Ortiz?  Was he also put in Wilson?”
	“Not Wilson.  No,” Oscar replied.  “He never made it to trial.  Hung himself or was hung in lock-up the day after confessing.  Suicide?  Evidence said so.  I have my doubts.  He left the Cool brothers alive and I think they found out the bullets were aimed at them.”
	“Sounds possible,” Ashe concurred.
	The food was long gone but the coffee still flowed hot.  Ashe and Oscar stuck with black while Ginger continued to water his down with sugar and cream.  And it continued to be blasphemy.
	“Where did you find the container?” Ashe wanted to know.
	“On him,” Oscar said.  “He had two containers on him, for some reason.  Never could figure it out.  One of them still had a full pill.  It was a move in the right direction. Or so we thought.  But the trail on the pill went cold, completely for the past year.”  
	“Not really,” Ashe told him, grabbing the detective’s attention.  
	“How do you mean?” Oscar inquired.
	Ashe placed the black and gold container as the middle of the table.  “Did you find a container on Franklin Barrett?”
Chapter 40

“What the hell are you doing, Scott?” Bam exclaimed, her hands a blur of motions and expressions.  Her face was red and spittle flew from her mouth.  “You weren’t supposed to abduct him.  You were supposed to grab the pills from him and then leave.  This is insanity!  This is fucking nuts!  Scott!  Scott!  What is going through your brain?”
	Adrenaline still pushed its way around Scott’s body, causing his heart to pound and his skin to tingle.  He had never felt more alive in his entire life, even on the basketball court.  “I no longer know what is going through my head, hun,” Scott told her.  “Do you?  I guess…questions.  Questions are going through my head, Bam.  Do know what went through our head when we took that pill?  Don’t you want to know what happened?  And why?   Don’t you want to know the truth?”
	“I know what happened,” she replied.
	“It was not God!” Scott yelled.  
	“You don’t know that,” Bam demanded.  She put her back to him and began to look out the kitchen window.  It was still daytime but the cloudy sky made it almost as dark as night.  The rain had stopped but the gray clouds still hung across the sky.  It was like a blanket but instead of keeping everything warm and cozy, the damp clouds made everything wet and cold.  
Scott replied to her.   “My father once told me that God was a construct invented by people because human beings wanted desperately to believe they are unique in the world.  They want to know they are special, so they need a creator, a loving father that will never let them down, never abandon them if they are good and holy.  There are a lot of people that need that infallible father.  And even when God does hurt them, and he does often, it is for their own good.  What a perfect father.  Huh?”
“There is no such thing as a perfect father,” Bam spat.
	“Exactly,” Scott said.  “That is why I don’t believe that God opened my eyes to anything.  Something else happened.”
	“Like what?”
	“I don’t know,” he said.  “That is why that pill was not enough.  Taking that pill would not resolve this mess.  I thought it would be enough, enough to prove to my father and Oscar why I had to kill Owen.  But it wouldn’t be enough for me…for my state of mind.”
	“That man won’t tell you anything,” she responded, twisting away from the window to point toward the archway that led into the living room.  A wooden chair had been taken from the dining room table and placed at the center of the room.  The thick curtains had been drawn in that room as well, blocking the view of any passersby.  Sitting on the chair, bound and tied was the yellow man. 	
 The smirk was still on his face.  
Scott was going to wipe that expression from his face, even if he had to use sandpaper to do it.  
“Are you in this with me?” he asked Bam.  “Are we going to see this through together?”
“I’m scared,” Bam said and Scott could see it plain as day.  She was more than scared.  She was terrified.  She was terrified of the yellow man.  He never thought about how she would react to his presence and regretted the rash and selfish decision.  But it had to be done.  For her and his own good.
“He can’t hurt you, baby,” he said.  “I won’t let him.”
“If he wants me hurt,” she began, “I will be hurt.”
“We will see about that,” Scott told her, taking her by the arm and pulling her focus away from the yellow man.  He met her eyes with his.  Cradling the bottom of her arm with his palm, he escorted her into the living room, so that she can confront the yellow man.  

Chapter 41

“Franklin Barrett?” Oscar asked.  “How did Franklin Barrett enter this chat we are having?  Did I miss something?”
Ashe took a breath and relayed his theories to his old friends.  As they went front only thoughts to spoken words, he realized exactly how thin and possibly paranoid they might actually be.  “Does that sound crazy?” he asked.  “I know it probably does, but my gut is telling me otherwise.  Alarms are going off and I can’t ignore them.”
Oscar thought it over.  
“No black and gold container found that I am aware of,” he said.  “But we were unable to strip the whole mansion.  Damn higher authorities forced me to use kid’s gloves with that family.  And then the bastard confessed which stalled the search for any further evidence.” He shut his eyes.  “Could it have been there?  Did we stop before we found it?  I don’t know.  Anything is possible.”
“It fits the organized crime aspect of the scenario,” Ginger stated with a scratch of his red beard.  “The Barrett family is a known member of the crime syndicate of northeast Ohio, even if it is not proven.  That doesn’t make them special, just a big fish in a little, dried up ocean.”
	“There is more than the organized crime aspect going on here,” Ashe told the two men.  “Think about it for a minute.  Look at each crime through the eyes of the symptoms of the mystery pill.  Paranoia and aggression…mainly.  Sometimes paranoia can be the main causation of aggression, the one leading to the other.  That paranoia can be all encompassing, taking over your mind as you try to live a daily life.  It grows and grows until there is nothing left.”  He paused for second to collect his thoughts.  “When someone is paranoid, they feel threatened, and in extreme causes, like those involved in severe schizophrenia, it is by unknown or unidentified powers or groups, like a secret government that is listening to their thoughts.  But sometimes the paranoid can be localized, focusing on a single thing or person or group.  It can also be based in reality…to a point.  It can also be justified on occasion.  Just because you are paranoid, doesn’t mean that someone isn’t after you.  You know the saying.”
	“Very well,” Oscar replied.
	“Everyone at this table has been a member of the Justified Paranoid Club, at a point or another,” Ginger said.  He then nodded his head sideways toward Oscar, “And some of us are lifelong members.”
	Oscar glanced at Ginger.  “It keeps me young and agile.” He joked.
	They all chuckled.
	“We both know that paranoia played a part in the Barrett slayings,” Ashe continued.  “He confessed to that much.”
	“True,” Oscar agreed.  “He told us that he believed that his wife and son were plotting his own death.  They wanted his money.  Guess they were going to make it look like an accident, I would assume.  But I’m not sure if he went into that much detail about the plot.  But they would have had to do it that way, though, in order to get his life insurance and the estates, as long as his will was set up in their favor.  Don’t see why it wouldn’t be.”
	“Right,” Ashe said.  “However, you said that no evidence of a murder plot was ever uncovered.”
	“No evidence was uncovered,” Oscar replied.  “But, again, my hands were tied with red tape.  I searched a little, though, even after the guilty plea was announced.  Never found a crumb of a trail.”
	“Would it have changed a thing?” Ginger asked Oscar.
	“I don’t know,” Oscar said.  “Maybe.  Probably not.”
	“Whether true or not,” Ashe continued. “I have a feeling that the fear existed in the back of Barrett’s mind, even slightly.  Barrett is a snake in a family of sharp clawed raptors.  He probably feared his own family as much as the police that consistently investigated his family.  He got that pill…and then the paranoia sprouted into full bloom and took on a real picture.  He was sure that his wife and son were plotting against him.  And he reacted in the only way he thought that he could.”
	“Okay,” Oscar said.  “But we have no black and gold container to link Barrett to the other three events or to your son.”
	“It was there,” Ashe was sure. “Who has the house now?”
	“It was passed to another member of the family,” Oscar answered.  “But I’m not sure.  Whoever it was refuses to live there.  It has been closed up like a tomb.  Or a sick memorial to the dead.”
	“It might still be there,” Ashe said.  And then changed subjects.  “Charlie Parker.  The hired gun for the Picante family boss.  He worked for a dangerous and ruthless family and was present during the most secretive meetings. He knew things that he should have never be invited to know.  People like that have an expiration date.  And they have to know it.  In the back of their minds, they have to wonder if the next meeting would be where they will be killed and buried in cement, disappeared from the earth.  We both know Charlie Parker thought about that final moment, maybe even obsessively.  Add a paranoid inducing mystery pill…and blam.  A dead family.”
	“What about Mathew Windham?” Ginger asked, itching the bottom of his red haired chin.
	“I would have to stretch this one a little bit,” Ashe continued, “but not to any lengths that would make it an improbable possibility.”  He paused for a couple breaths.  “I hadn’t known 
Tommy-on-the-take personally.  Had either of you?”
	Oscar nodded.  He explained.  “Wasn’t a nice guy…or cop.  Angry.  Arrogant.  Crooked.  But he had walked the line close enough to keep from getting caught.  He also worked with help from his criminal friends.”
	“Had he been violent?  Confrontational?”
	“On a dime,” Oscar replied.  “Not too long before his death, he had wanted to transfer into my crew, but I told the captain that I had enough dead bodies on my hands to add more to the mix.”
	“Did you ever get to see him interact with Mathew?” Ashe asked.
	Oscar considered the question.  “No…not at all.  Not too many of the other officers had even been aware that he had had a son, until it all went down and Tommy ended up bludgeoned by him.”
	“Could Mathew have been afraid of his old man?”
	“I was afraid of his old man,” Ginger said.  “He didn’t like me none.  No way, sir.”
	“Maybe the kid was abused, physically or mentally,” Ashe stated.  “That could cause a teen to be afraid for their life…on a daily basis.  Add an overdose of paranoia and you got a battered child killing his abuser.”
	Oscar grunted.  “Thin.”
	“I said it would be,” Ashe said.
	“But I can look into it,” Oscar concluded.
	“Did you get any information from the wife?” Ashe asked.   “Did she mention anything about abuse…or any other motive?”
	“She wouldn’t talk to us,” Oscar replied.  “She doesn’t trust the police.  And I don’t blame her.”
	“Me either, to be honest,” Ashe replied.  “What about the church shooting?  I don’t know the relationship between the Cool brothers and Victor Ortiz,” He continued.  “Can’t even explain how little I know.”
	“The Cool brothers are not nice guys,” Oscar informed Ashe.  “Even if they do go to the same church each and every Sunday.  And Victor Ortiz was the same kind of guy…a God fearing criminal type.  They would want to kill each other simply because of their natures.  But you don’t believe that?”
	“Not at all,” Ashe replied.  “And you don’t either.”
	“Can’t say that I do,” Oscar said.  “Especially with that little fucking container involved.”
	“Could be as simple as competition between bad guys?” Ashe wondered.
	Oscar grew quiet.  “We considered that possibility.  It was most likely the motive for the shootings.  Ortiz was putting his claim in the gun running domain, which was ruled by the Cool brothers.  Ortiz tried to kill his competition.  Or he wanted to kill them before they could erase their competition.  But when we pulled that containers and the pill from him…we weren’t so sure.  What are the odds?  It muddied a clear pond.”
	“Maybe not,” Ashe responded.  “It might be just that simple.  The Cool brothers would not let some small name guy like Victor Ortiz take money from their pockets.  They would strike against Victor…eventually.  He had no choice but to strike first.  But he also had the mystery pill on him, so we can also add amphetamine induced paranoia to his state of mind.  It drove him to overreact out of pure and primal desperation.  He knew the brothers would be at the church come Sunday morning, sitting proud in the back pews where they always sat, and he would take whatever chance he could to get at them.  In his mind, time might have been ticking down to nothing.  He had to act, quickly.”
	“Damn sloppy,” Oscar groaned.
	“Paranoia knows no logic,” Ashe replied.
	“I missed you, my friend” Ginger proclaimed, causing Ashe to smile.
	“What about Scott?” Oscar asked, his face still stern, even after Ginger declaration of love to Ashe.  “This is the container from his bedroom.  How does he play into all of this is?  I don’t see any organized crime connection when dealing with him.  Is there?”
	“No,” Ashe said. This conversation was giving him the details that he needed to get to the bottom of Scott’s mess.  He felt the connections being made and the links being discovered.  He was close to the truth.  He could feel it in the shadows, just beyond his sight.  And the more he spoke the more he seemed to understand. “But there is a paranoia aspect,” he continued.  “I talked to Scott’s good friend Regime along with Scott’s basketball coach.  I know that you did, too.  Did they mention the quarrels between Scott and Owen prior to the shooting?”
	Oscar nodded.
	Ashe continued, “As you know, Owen had come home one night wasted on something to the point he didn’t know what he was doing.  He hadn’t even recognize his own roommate.  He had believed Scott to be an intruder.  Scott had been able to calm him down that time, but it must have happened a different time, causing them to fight.  Owen must have scared Scott.  I know I would have been worried about what Owen was capable of when he was in one of those episodes, especially given the knowledge that Owen had been involved in prior violent episodes while on drugs.  Something that Scott was aware of.  One of those times Owen might mistake Scott for an intruder again and attack him, try to kill him.”
	“The pill would turn that fear” Oscar began, “into something more.  He would see it, as the rest might have seen it…to be self-defense.”
	“Kill or be killed,” Ginger added.  “One the most basic impulses when being cornered.”
	“But why is he still on the run?” Oscar asked.
	“Scott called me,” Ashe said, putting that piece of information on the table.  “And there is something wrong with him, outside of just paranoia.  He is on a mission, Oscar.  And he is driven by something that I am not sure of yet.”
	“What exactly did he say?”
	“That his eyes have been opened,” Ashe said.  “It was the same thing that Franklin Barrett said to me about his own crime.”
	“What do you think it means?” Oscar asked.
	“I think he believed he saw something,” Ashe answered.  “That is why I put hallucinations as another possible symptom of that pill.  But I can’t be sure…yet.”
	“What did he see?” 
	“I don’t know.”
	“You two are making really good points,” Ginger interrupted.  “But one question has been far from answered, my friends.”  Ashe and Oscar both looked at the red haired lab rat.  “Where did the pill come from?  And why have only these people been given it?”
	Ashe closed his eyes and tilted his head.  “I have no idea.”
	Oscar grunted.
	Silence swept over them, but was immediately broken by the sudden ringing of a cell phone.  The ring tone was in Spanish and Oscar was the only one to reach for his phone.  “Detective Harrison.”  No more words followed.  Oscar only listened, his face frozen in a tight expression. 
It was not good news.
What had Scott done?
“Yes, sir,” Oscar said.  “I’m on my way there, sir.  Thank you, sir.”  He hit a button and ended the call.  “Ginger.  I want you to head back to the lab.  You’ve been away from there long enough.  I’m sure you have a ton of work to get to.  I want you to put your own eyes on and through the evidence pulled from Scott’s room.  Ashe.  Leave your car here, you are coming with me.  We have another crime scene.”
“Scott?”
“Yep,” Oscar replied.
“How do you know for sure?” Ashe asked.  
“He left a bleeding man and a whole lot of witnesses behind,” Oscar explained.  “And this time he took someone with him…at gunpoint.”
“A hostage?”
“More like a prisoner,” Oscar replied.  “He is now a kidnapper, too.”
“Shit!” Ashe exclaimed.  
“Did I tell you to get back to your lab,” Oscar ordered Ginger.  “Vamonos.”
 “You’re taking me with you?” Ashe inquired, making sure he had heard his old friend correctly.
“Yes,” Oscar clarified.  “We are together on this from here on out.”
The psychologist nodded agreement.
“I’ll take care of the check,” Oscar told them.  “Let’s hurry.  I have a feeling it might start raining again.  
“Where are we going?” Ashe asked.
“Cleveland.”
“Great.”

Chapter 42

The yellow man sat up straight and true and spoke.  “Good day, Amber.  I’m glad to see you are well.  And that you are putting your grandmother’s old house to good use.”  The smirk never left his lips.  “Didn’t know you had a boyfriend.  But it is not like we talk anymore.  Good to see you again, honey.  It has been too long.”
“Not long enough…dad.”

PART THREE
“Hell begins on the day when God grants us a clear vision of all that we might have achieved, of all the gifts which we have wasted, of all that we might have done which we did not do”
--Gian Carlo Menotti

Chapter 43

Before following Oscar to his car, Ashe made the detective pause while he grabbed an item from his own Mazda.  The dream journal.  Ever since he stumbled upon the spiral notebook, it had been given Ashe a headache, taunting him with vague, abstract visions and images, ones documenting Scott’s dreams.  Dreams were nothing more than shadows of the day’s happenings, images and ideas left over once consciousness had ceased.
However, the conversation between Ginger, Oscar, and himself had brought his mind back to the journal.  The black and gold container had held a vital clue, a pivotal piece to the scattered puzzle that Scott had left in his wake.  Understanding the drug, its effects and its implications along with other crimes where the black and gold container had made an appearance, had been a leap for Ashe, bringing him closer to the truth, closer to completing the puzzle.
And there apparently were two more clues.
Ashe could not for the life of him comprehend what Scott had believed the so-called clues would achieve, as if everything that was happening was part of a novel or the script to a tight lipped mystery movie, where detectives follow a line of clues in order to find the bad guy and save the innocent people.  But true life was never that neat.  Clues rarely lined up straight, creating a neat path from beginning to the end, from the act to the arrest.  It just never went down that way.
Yet, the container had worked as a clue.  Ashe couldn’t help but to wonder what the other clues may hold for him, which caused him to give the dream journal another chance.  He would have to suffer the dreams in order to find what Scott had intended him to discover.  Inside the pages, somewhere in the words, was another piece of the scattered puzzle.
Tucking the journal beneath his arm, Ashe followed his old friend to his car.  He got inside and buckled himself in tight.  It would be around an hour to drive up to the new crime scene and he would have plenty of time to scan through the rest of the notebook.  
Oscar entered the car and immediately asked about the notebook.  “What do you got there?  Feel free to doodle during the drive up.  I will listen to the radio.”
“It’s not for doodling,” Ashe replied.
“Sudoku?”
“Nope.  It’s something else that I stole from your crime scene,” Ashe blurted, trying to add humor to the self-incriminating words.  “Want to arrest me now?”
“For stealing class notes from a college student?  I will pass,” Oscar replied, before igniting the car’s engine.
“It’s not exactly notes,” Ashe told him.  “It’s a dream journal.”
“If you say so,” Oscar said.  He put the car into drive and began the trek up north, toward Lake Erie and the city of Cleveland.  
“Are you playing dumb, now?” Ashe said and laughed.  “Scott did learn a few things from his old man, Oscar.  Dreams can be important when dealing with a person’s inner thoughts and fears.  It can show what that person is dealing with in their lives at the time of the dream.  If someone is dealing with overwhelming anxiety, documenting their dreams might show the root of that anxiety, like a bad boyfriend or stress at their job.  Scott enjoys putting down his dreams, especially ones that occur over and over.  Let me ask you something.  What do you dream about?  And when you wake up in the morning, how long does it take for your dreams to fade?”
“Not long,” Oscar replied.  “If I remember what I dream at all.  Sometimes I don’t think I do dream.”
“That is probably because you never sleep,” Ashe told him.
“That could be,” Oscar groaned.  “When I do dream…it is never a pretty sight.  I never get to dream about fluffy things like clouds and youth.  Only ugliness.”
“That is because your daily life is filled with ugliness,” Ashe replied.  “Ugliness begets ugliness.”
Oscar nodded.  “Why do you think that that journal is important?”
Ashe explained. “I’m still convinced that Scott saw something…or believed that he saw something. A hallucination due to the pill. I just don’t know what.  But he pointed out this journal when he called me, calling it another clue.  It’s filled with images.  Incoherent, mostly.  Maybe he wrote down his hallucination in here somewhere.  I haven’t been giving it the attention that it deserves…or that I hope it deserves.”  
  “Clues!” Oscar spat.  “You can have your journal of dreams.  The only clues I am interested in is this new scene and the bleeding man Scott left behind.  Maybe this guy has some information for us…if he doesn’t die before we get there.”
“Any chance of him dying?” Ashe asked.
“Not sure,” Oscar answered.  “The boss didn’t give me a lot of details.  We will find out when we get there, I figure.”
Sometimes Ashe forgot that Oscar had a boss too, someone watching down on him, picking apart everything that he did and didn’t do.  Maybe it was because Oscar always appeared to be in charge, absolutely and completely, as if the only person above him, when it came to catching killers, was God himself.  But, as Ashe should already know, everyone has a boss.  Perhaps even God had a boss, someone to judge and punish him when things went wrong.
“So,” Oscar continued, “you can have your little dream journal and I will focus on the blood stains that I can see and touch.”
“I think that was exactly what Scott had in mind,” Ashe replied.  “You focus on the bullets and I will analyze the dreams.  Ying and yang.  Tit for tat.  Man of science.  Man of faith.  As it always should be.”
“If you say so,” Oscar said.  “I have missed you too…partner.  I can’t stand working with Geiring one more day.  Asshole.”
“Fucking asshole,” Ashe added, smiling.  Part of him had missed riding with Oscar, heading toward a fresh crime scene, even if he hadn’t realized it.  He just wished the scene was going to be different and the suspect was not his own son.
Oscar leaned forward and turned on the radio.  Latin music spilled from the speakers, giving Ashe his cue to dive into the dream journal.  
Even though it was technically day time, the world was dark, forcing Ashe to bring out his cell phone so he can once again use its light to see.  He thought about asking Oscar to use the light from the visor, but decided against it.  The cell light was lower and dimmer and wouldn’t distract the detective, who had become entirely focused on the road.
Instead of turning the page he had previously ended on, Ashe did something that he should have done in the first place.  He opened the notebook and flipped to the last written page, because he was suddenly certain that the change in Scott was not gradual but sudden.  It was a drug induced reaction to the mystery pill.  And the final entry, the final words, would best reflect the shift in his mind, the change from normal to paranoid.  
Possibly.
Ashe hoped that he was right, but knew that he was heavily relying on Scott’s claim that the journal was one of the so-called clues.   
Finding the most recent entry, he began to read.  His eyes fell upon the first word on the page and his heart stopped.  A clue indeed, he almost said out loud.  The page must have been added either the moment Scott had decided to kill Owen or immediately after he shot his roommate.  Either…or…he knew the following paragraph had been written for him.
Dad—I know that you must be confused but I swear to you that I am not out of my mind or crazy.  And, even though this is a dream journal, that it was not some dream, because dreams are fiction and what I saw was real and going to happen.  So I had to stop it from coming true.  It was a vision.  I don’t know where the vision came from, but I cannot believe it was anything other than a prediction.
I took the pill.  I shouldn’t have but I did.  I can’t say for sure why.
I don’t think that I passed out because Bam had said that I never fell over.  I just left the world, floated away in a blinding white light.  I had no body or matter of any kind.  I was a ghost, flying away.  Into the light.  And when I came back to the world I was back in my apartment.  I was in the kitchen.  There was someone else in the kitchen and I don’t believe they could see me or tell that I was floating right behind them.  
I never landed.  Not completely.  At first I didn’t know who the person was because I could only see his back.  But it didn’t take long before I knew it was Owen.  He glanced around the kitchen and I could see his face.  It was sweaty and his eyes were wild, like he gets when he is out of his mind high.  I could smell the sweat.
Owen was holding a handgun.  I could smell the gun powder or what I thought was gunpowder.  He looked freaked out.  Strange.  I didn’t know why.  But then I smelled the blood.  It was a rotten smell.  When I smelled the blood, I forced myself to float higher so that I could see over and around Owen.
There was a body.  
It was horrid.
The dead man had been shot in the stomach.  Blood pooled beneath him.  It almost looked like wings.  Like a death angel.  I couldn’t believe what I was seeing.  The dead man’s face was my face.  It was me.  I was dead.
While I floated there, Owen turned back to my dead self and fired another shot.  The bullet hit me in the forehead, the dead me.  It was just wrong.  More blood.  There was more blood.  The blood made Owen sick too.  He threw up next to my body.  
I went back to my real body.  Bam was staring at me.  I didn’t know what to tell her.  I don’t understand why.  You need to help me.  I don’t understand it.  And you can help me find the truth.  Please, dad.
“Jesus Christ,” Ashe said when he finished reading.  
The light curse caught Oscar’s attention, drawing him away from whatever deep thought that he had plunged into.  From the corner of his eye, he gave the psychologist a brief glance.  “Why are you using my lord’s name in vain, Ashe?”
“Scott,” he mumbled.  “It might be worse than we had realized.”
“How do you mean?”
“I was right about the hallucination,” Ashe continued.  “Only…Scott doesn’t see it as a hallucination.  He sees as something else, something more concrete, something a lot more dangerous.”
“What did he see?”
“He thinks that he saw…” Ashe began but paused.  “Scott thinks he saw his own death…by the hands of Owen.  The only problem is…that he doesn’t see it as a drug induced symptom, even though he knows that the pill had caused what he saw.”
“What the hell does he think, then?”
“He thinks it was prophecy,” Ashe told him.
“Jesus Christ,” Oscar exclaimed.
“This type of thinking, Oscar, can be pretty serious,” Ashe said.  Scott had had run-ins with Owen, in which Owen had threatened him while on drugs.  The events must have stayed with Scott, kept somewhere in the back of his mind.  When Scott took the mystery pill, the drug used that incident and conjured some kind of image or images.  “This type of conviction is hard to sway.  He is certain that he caught a glimpse beyond the veil, if you know what I mean. There is a reason why more blood is shed because of religion or religious interpretation than any other reason in history.  Religion is built on faith and conviction.  Scott doesn’t mention God, but his beliefs follow the same idea.  He thinks that someone or something has shown him his own death…and he believes that he had stopped it by killing Owen.  Self-defense.  Just like the guys in the park.”
“Just like the titan Cronus,” Oscar said and surprised Ashe.
“Cronus?”
“It was prophesized that one of Cronus’ children would kill him,” Oscar continued, “so he ate them one by one.  It was his wife that had saved Zeus, replacing him with a rock when Cronus came for him.” 
	“Insightful.”
“Thank you.  What about the scene we are heading for?” Oscar asked.  “What does kidnapping have to do with what he saw in his vision?”
“I don’t know, yet,” Ashe admitted.  “I need to know more about who was involved.  Who was taken?”
“I wasn’t told,” Oscar replied.  “We have to wait until we get there to see.  If they even know at this point.  Hard to tell.”
Ashe nodded.  He began to watch the outside world beyond the car’s windows.  Everything appeared to be wet and covered in a gloomy shade of gray, a color that mirrored how he was feeling inside.  It was a cliché, but he didn’t know how else to describe his mood. 
 Gray. 
 Dreary.  
“Things are becoming complicated,” Ashe said aloud.  “Aren’t they?”
“I have a feeling they are only getting started,” Oscar replied.  “I’m sorry, Ashe.  But Scott might be too far gone for us to bring back.”
“Yea,” Ashe concurred.  “But I have to try.”
Oscar concurred with a grunt.  “Sins of the father.”
“More than I realize.”


Chapter 44

Scott couldn’t contain his frustration any longer and instead let it explode across the yellow man’s face.  As his fist struck the yellow man’s cheek, the man was pushed slightly backward and the wooden chair beneath him groaned with the force of the blow, sounding as if it might give way.  A cut appeared and a line of blood dribbled down the man’s skin.  The yellow man seemed only temporarily phased by the hit.  The smirk never left his lips, making Scott even angrier.
Scott glared at the yellow man and cursed in his face.  “Did you see that shit coming?  Did you know that I was going to do that?  Can you see if I’m going to do that again?”  He paused.  “Are you going to tell me what I want to know, now?”	
The yellow man laughed from the gut.  “I would if I had any clue what you are talking about?”
Scott squatted down in front of the yellow man.  Using the tip of his thumb, he applied pressure the man’s leg wound.  The yellow man cried out in pain.  Scott applied more and more pressure until his digit was covered in the man’s blood.
“How did that feel?”
The yellow man shrugged his shoulder in complete indifference.
Scott then revealed the black container with the gold trim to the yellow man.  “I took this from you…from your pocket.  And you know what it is.”
The yellow man didn’t speak.
Night was setting in, turning the dark day even darker.  The room was filling with shadows, cast across the floor and walls by a single bright lamp.  The yellow man’s shadow loomed large against a far wall, towering over everything else in the room.
Scott noticed the large shadow and for some reason it caused him unease.  He wanted to break the looming presence of the man, so he moved to hit the yellow man again, but was stopped by a cry from behind him.  “Scott…stop!”  Bam was instantly at his side, her hand on his shoulder.  “That isn’t going to work.  He doesn’t care how much you make him bleed, because he is the one in charge here and we both know it.”
	“He is not in charge here,” Scott replied.  “He is the one tied to a chair.  Not us.”
	“Aren’t we,” Bam groaned.  “There is more than one type of chair.  We are the ones wanting what he has.  And he is holding it over our heads, tying our hands with it.  Hitting him will not put this situation into our hands.  Not as long as they are tied.  Hun?  Don’t give him more control over us.  Please?”
	Scott acted like he was going to turn away, but swiftly swung and struck the yellow man just below his right eye.  It felt too good not too.  “That was the last time,” he lied.  “I got it out of my system.”
	“Good to see that you haven’t lost your diplomatic skills, hun,” the yellow man said.  “You always could make a tense situation…more tense.”  The yellow man laughed again and the sound got underneath both Scott and Bam’s skin.  “You are just like your mother…or at least how she used to be.  God rest her soul.”
	Bam slapped him.
	Scott felt pride in her outburst, but he also become aware that she had been right.  The man was getting to them, manipulating their emotions.  He would keep them dancing for as long as he wanted to pull the strings.  He would have to find a way to cut them, to cut them both loose of the yellow man.  But how?  How could he do it when he truly needed the information that the yellow man had?
	Leaving the living room, Bam fetched another wooden chair from the dining area and brought it back.  She gently placed it front of the yellow man, inches from him.  She didn’t sit down on it herself, though, but motioned for Scott to sit.  
	“Sit, love,” Bam told Scott.  “Face him.  Meet him eye to eye.”  Reluctantly, he listened to her and sat, meeting the yellow man on equal ground, no one above and no one below the other.  Would it work?  Would the yellow man ever view himself as being on the same level as Scott?  He didn’t know?  He would have to find out.
	 “What is the pill?” Scott asked, putting the black and gold container to the man’s face.
	The yellow man didn’t deny the existence of the pill, but instead replied, “It’s my anxiety medication.  It keeps my nerves from getting on edge.  A light med, to be honest.  Not too much to it.”
	“Liar!” Bam cried out.  She left the room.  
	“We know that you are lying,” Scott said as Bam’s footsteps echoed up the stairs and into her bedroom.  His voice remained calm.  “You can sit here and play games.  You can sit here and be funny or smug.  But we are going to get around to the truth.  Now.  Or later.  But you will tell me what I want to know.” 
	“No games?” the yellow man asked and dramatically sighed.
	Scott shook his head.
	“But I like games,” The yellow man replied.  “Life is one big cosmic game.  The only difference is…young Scott…is that sometimes there are special people that get a glimpse at the rule book while others have to play blind.”
	“And the pill is a cheat,” Scott said. “Is that what you are saying?”
	The yellow man shrugged.
	“Where did the cheat come from?” Scott asked.  “And whose rule book are you taking a peak at?”
	The yellow man shrugged again. “Young man?  Has it ever occurred to you that you are losing your grip on reality?  That everything you are experiencing is nothing but a break in sanity?  That you have killed and kidnapped for no reason other than your own craziness?  Because what I see in front of me is a lost young man…going down a dangerous path…a path that leads to the lions den.”
	“And you are that lion?”
	The yellow man grinned. “One man’s lion is another man’s lamb.  Some eat and some get eaten.”
	“The golden rule?”
	“Mine,” the yellow man admitted.  “And if I was that lion, I have a feeling that I would greatly enjoy playing with my food before I bite down.”  He laughed again.  The laugh was almost unnatural to Scott, as if it was less from pleasure as it was from cynical knowledge.  
What did the man know?
“What makes you the lion?” Scott asked.  He felt like his father, questioning a dangerous man, attempting to gain insight.  It was a rush…but it was also scary as hell.  
“Wrong question,” the yellow man replied.  “What makes you the lamb?”
“Lack of knowledge,” Scott told him.
The yellow man perked up.  “Yes,” he said.  “Enough knowledge can make a person a god.”  
“And you are a god?” Scott was trying to play into the man’s arrogance.  Arrogance was a tall but thin ladder, one that could tip or shatter under the smallest bit of pressure, bringing the man down from high.
“No,” the yellow man stated.  “Not a god.”
Lions.  Lambs.  The yellow man was talking in riddles, but Scott should have expected the jerk around he was getting.  He wanted to poke and prod harder, stab the man for some more direct answers.  He would have to settle for riddles, though, hoping he could decipher answers within them.
“Does the pill bring you closer to being a god?” Scott asked.  He thought about his own visions, his own brush with death.  If he had been meant to die that day, then what did avoiding death make him?  Closer to god?  A god?  
The corners of the yellow man’s smirk became even more pointed.  “I’ve said enough.  You want more than I am willing to give.  I am not going to pretend that I don’t have what you want.  I am just not going to give it to you.”
“You will,” Scott said confidently, putting the black and gold container into his pants’ pocket.  He then rose and left the room.  Time to regroup.  It had been a start but only the beginning.  If it came to it, there will be more blood.  But he hoped that he could get it out of him without the need of spilling any more.  
How did his father do it?  How did Dr. Ashe Walters get a bad guy to sink like a friendly bird?  Scott wished he knew.
Where was his father?  He wondered, hoping that his old man wasn’t too far behind.  Ashe Walters versus the yellow man.  A battle for the ages.    

Chapter 45

Ashe and Oscar easily found the location of the scene.  It was within a small park not far from Lake Erie.  The park sat a short distance from the downtown area and felt isolated from the tall buildings and busy streets, like an oasis in the desert.  As they entered the park they immediately noticed bright light in the immediate distance, lights that were being used to illuminate whatever ghastly scene awaited them.  
Oscar got his car as close as he could before eventually pulling behind a blue and red flashing squad car.  The lights were whirling, reflecting off of the nearby trees, as if they were jumping or dancing around the wooded area.  Other squad cars were present, parked chaotically along and around the road.  Their lights joined in the graceful romp.  It would have been beautiful if Ashe didn’t know precisely why the blue and red lights existed, why they were dancing.  They were not dancing for love or peace but for other more morbid reasons. They danced for death. 
Exiting the car, Oscar went to the trunk.  He pulled out two blue windbreakers, both having the letters YPD scrolled across the back.  Oscar tossed a windbreaker over to Ashe.  “In case it starts to rain, again,” he insisted.  But Ashe knew that there was another reason for him to wear it.  It would help the psychologist to blend with the rest of the officers, at least those that didn’t personally know him.
Slipping on the jacket, Ashe didn’t get a chance to turn away before Oscar called to him.  He turned in time to catch an object before it hit him in the face.  Ashe knew what it was instantly.  It was a laminated badge.  On the badge were the words CONSULTANT.  Using the clip on the end, he hooked it to the neck of the windbreaker.
“I want as little questions as possible,” Oscar told him.
“One can dream,” Ashe replied.
They had to shift through a small group of reporters in order to get to the crime scene tape.  The crowd of media was sparse but sure to grow over the next couple hours, even if the day had gone and night had taken over.  It made sense because most hard crimes, like murder, happened mostly during the night time hours, Ashe knew, because criminals used the night to conceal their atrocities from the judging eye of the sun.  Midday or midnight, the media would show up at a crime scene ready to smell blood, because reporters could be like soldiers, never sleeping or resting whenever there was a good story…or a good war taking place.  
Among the crowd gathering at the borders of the crimes scene, Ashe didn’t notice any gawkers, the kind of folks that tend to flock toward the chance to witness violence or pain.  They were the same type of people that slowed down their vehicles so they could get a better look at a tragic car accident in hopes of viewing a dismembered body.
Ashe hated those types of people.
Several of the reporters attempted to get a quote from Oscar, but the detective shrugged them off without a word.  He gave them the kind of cold shoulder that only a seasoned homicide detective could.  When he felt like speaking, he would make sure that it was done his way…or no way.
Upon arriving at the yellow banner, marking the boundaries of the crime scene, Oscar flashed his badge to the uniform that was guarding the parameter.  Lifting the flimsy barricade, Oscar made his way over the border.  Ashe moved to follow but was stopped by the uniform, who put his hand up, giving the psychologist a good look at his palm.
He didn’t recognize the man’s face, but he recognized the smug expression that often held sway over most of the early recruits.  They joined the police force to fight crime, be the tough guy, but a few more years would knock the smugness from the young cop’s face.  They would become as jaded as the next.   That is unless the officer was just a deep down arrogant asshole, like Detective Geiring.  That man’s smugness would never leave him until someone put a bullet between his lips.  Maybe not even then.
“Oscar!” Ashe called out to his old friend.
Oscar paused mid stride and came back to the parameter limit.  “What is the problem, officer?” he asked.  “He is with me.  I am pretty sure that that is clear by the badge on his windbreaker.”
“You have been cleared to enter the scene, Detective Harrison,” the uniform declared, “but I was not aware of any consultant coming with you.  You are going to have to clear this dude with Phillips.  Phillips is making the calls.”
“I know that Phillips is making the calls,” Oscar bit back.  “He is the one that called my captain who in turn called me.  Hence…me being here.”
“I see that you are here, Detective,” the uniform replied.  “Your presence is duly noted.  But in order for him to come through, you will have to speak with Phillips.  No way around that.  Not for you or for me.”
Oscar nodded and rushed away, leaving Ashe alone.  The detective was gone a few minutes, giving Ashe those minutes to imagine what he was going to see.  How bad would it be?  Who had been taken?  Who had been shot?  He tried to glance around the uniform and into the scene, but he could not make out much.  He saw what appeared to be a parking area for the park, which was where the bright police lights seemed to be focused.  He could see the outlines of vehicles and other figures standing around.
What had happened there?
Oscar returned and grunted at the uniform, who swiftly stepped aside to let Ashe through the yellow banner.  Ashe didn’t say a word to the officer, because he knew that the officer was only doing his job, following the orders of his boss.  
Directly behind his old friend, Ashe tried to take in everything around him, but before he had a chance to let his eyes explore a tall man appeared directly in front of him, glaring at the psychologist.  “Tell me why I should let the father of the suspect on my scene?  Answer that question for me, Dr. Walters.  I am all ears.”
“Because,” Ashe began, “Sam Adams is king of beers.  Fuck Budweiser.”
“God damn right,” Detective Phillips blurted.  
The detective then raised his hand for Ashe to shake.  Ashe was glad to oblige. “It has been too long,” the detective said.  “I’m sorry that things always have to be this damn screwed up whenever our paths cross.”  The last time that Ashe had seen Detective Phillips was when they were together on a task force chasing after a prostitute killer, who turned out to be Steven Reynolds.  
Phillips appeared healthy, rested, a lot better than the last time that Ashe had seen him. Ashe pictured the man’s face as it had been back then, bags under his eyes and a droop at the ends of his lips.  But the bags and droop were gone. He was obviously getting a little bit of sleep, as much sleep a homicide detective in Cleveland could get, anyway.
“I would understand if you didn’t want me here, Kurt,” Ashe told him.  “Oscar just came around to my presence in this investigation.  He wasn’t easy to persuade.”
“Is he ever?” Phillips stated.
“I am easy going,” Oscar said sarcastically.  “I go with the flow, bending ever in the wind.”  
“Bending,” Ashe agreed, before changing the subject. 
“Well,” Oscar said, “this is your scene.  I appreciate the call.  You didn’t owe me that, but you already know it.”
“I know it,” Phillips replied.  “But this is your boy too, Oscar.  And your son, Ashe.  The best way to deal with this situation is to work together, share information and what not.  You agree?”
“I do,” Oscar said.  “What do we have here, anyway?”
“We have a shit load of witnesses,” Phillips told Oscar.  He pointed to the right where a group of people, adults and children, were sitting on folding chairs near to a couple of ambulances.  Uniforms were providing them with water and food while detectives, also wearing blue windbreakers, asked them, most likely for the hundredth time, what they had seen.  Ashe knew the process and it wasn’t friendly, especially when kids were involved.  Kids just didn’t have the stamina and mentality to deal with something as serious and in their face as a violent crime.  
Kids were too fragile.
Kids were too innocent.
“What are the witnesses saying?” Ashe asked.  
“Most of their stories are the same,” Philips answered.  “The rain came in and the parents got their kids off the play area and to their vehicles.  Some of the parents left while others stuck around, most likely giving in to their crying kids, to wait out the rain.  I would have done it…to be honest.  I give in to my two sons all the time, just to make them shut up.”  He paused.  “They didn’t even see the men until they heard the gunshots.”
“But they did get a look at what was going on?” Oscar said.  “Someone had to have seen Scott or I wouldn’t be here.  Right?  Am I right?”
“Scott was spotted and positively identified by two separate witnesses,” Phillips asserted.  “The rest of the witness didn’t see as much as we hoped, at least when it comes to identifying those involved.  Everyone saw some or most of what transpired once the first shot was fired, either from Scott or the other guy.”
“Where is this other guy?” Oscar questioned.  “Have you got a name on him, yet?”
“We do have a name,” Phillips said.  “Norman Bones.”
“Bones?” Oscar cried out.
“Who is Bones?” Ashe pried.  
“Hired muscle,” Oscar replied.  “If he is the one that got shot…Scott got lucky.  Not many people, allegedly, have gotten into gun fights with Norman Bones and lived to walk away.  We have plenty of bodies that we are trying to connect to this man…but nothing ever sticks.  He works for some of the rich of the rich crime bosses and families, even some of the higher types of gangs.”
“He is not only a local gun,” Phillips added.  “He disappears off the grid now and then, heads up or down the east coast, from what sources say, taking his talents elsewhere, to other cities.  Real piece of work,” he half-joked.
“What kind of shape is he in?” Oscar inquired.
Phillips replied, “Gunshot wound to the lower sternum.  A lot of blood loss.  Exit wound in the back.”
Oscar glanced around the parking area.  “Where is he?” 
“Had his ass rushed to the Cleveland Clinic,” Phillips reacted.  “He didn’t die on the way and the doctors told me that he pulled through surgery just fine.  Darn.” 
“He should be ready for questioning soon, then,” Ashe replied, losing interest in the conversation.  “We can get to that…later.  I need to walk the scene.  I’m rusty…but I need to do it.  Alone.”  
Detective Phillips bounced his head. “Be my guest.”
Removing himself from Oscar and Phillip, he walked away and took notice of the evidence cones which were placed strategically throughout the parking lot.  Each one marked a crucial piece of evidence, documenting it with a number, before CSI took a picture.  The picture would be logged into a system of computers and at a later time the physical evidence would as well.  Sometimes the physical evidence would be processed swiftly, taken immediately, as it had been when Owen’s bedroom had been processed, but sometimes it would remain on site where experts could view it in real time, precisely where it had been dropped or discovered or whatever during the actual crime.  That choice often depended on the lead investigator and what he believed should happen to the evidence.
Ashe liked to view the evidence as they lie, so that he could imagine the crime unfolding before him.  He knew Phillips to also be one of those kinds of investigators, at least he had been in the past.  Ashe wondered if the detective still operated the same.  As the psychologist approached the nearest orange evidence cone, he instantly noticed that the hard evidence was still in place.  However, it seemed as if some blood remnants had been irreparably affected by the rain.  
How much had been washed away?  Had there been other evidence that had been taken away by the rain before the police showed up?  Could there be pieces of the puzzle lost forever?
Placed above the areas of found evidence were sets of tarps that were used to catch the rain if the rain returned, which, by the look of the clouds, it most likely would.  Rain could be catastrophic for a crime scene and Ashe was surprised that Phillips had not ordered CSI to remove all evidence, regardless of the detective’s personal preference.  Rain could easily ruin the integrity of evidence and in turn ruin the integrity of an investigation.
The psychologist chose to trust Detective Phillips’ judgment and expertise and move on. He let his eyes wander from orange cone to orange cone, following the flow of evidence from one side of the parking lot to the other.  He found one central area which stood out because of excessive splashes of blood.  There was a lot of blood…a lot had been spilled.  Even though the blood had been thinned out by the rain, the core of liquid had stained deep into the concrete, deep enough to survive the downpour of water.  Ashe knelt down to the splotches of maroon and thought for a moment.
Close to the blood was a shell casing.  Ashe couldn’t identify the type of gun based only on the shell casing, he didn’t know guns that well.  Oscar would know.  Looking close, he figured it wasn’t large enough to be from a rifle and it didn’t seem to be from a shotgun.  
A handgun?  Maybe?
He inspected the immediate area for other bullet casings, but there were none marked and Ashe didn’t see any that the CSI would have missed, if the CSI would actually miss anything.  One shot.  That was all that the shooter in that area had gotten off.  Had it been Norman or Scott? Judging by the amount of blood, it was most likely the spot where Norman Bones had been hit.
Another spot a few feet away caught his attention.  A small hole was in the concrete.  It had been marked by a cone as well and looked to Ashe as if a bullet had entered and been lodged.  If the blood had been from Norman Bones, the missed shot had to have come from Scott.  Scott had missed at least a single shot.
How had his son managed a second or third shot against a hired gun?
Getting to his feet, Ashe made his way to the other side of the parking lot where another group of cones stood.  Along the way, he came upon three other cones placed near to the center of the parking.  They seem to be marking faint drops of blood, drops that seemed to be forming a trail toward the other set of orange cones.
The other set of cones were placed next to a yellow line that marked the edge of a parking spot.  More blood.  It seemed to be a lot less than what had been spilled at the other cones. Kneeling closer to the ground, Ashe found two shell casings that had been discarded.  Scott had managed to get off two shots against a hired killer. 
Good boy, Ashe thought proudly.
“Phillips!” Ashe called out, drawing the attention of the two detective, who had been talking among each other.  
“What do you got, Ashe?” Phillips asked.  “Oscar was just getting me up to speed on your son.  Crazy things are going on.”
“All the cars here accounted for?” Ashe questioned, pointing to the parked vehicles.  “Good.  We are obviously missing the vehicles Scott drove away in.  But what about the one that Norman Bones had come in, most likely with the man that Scott had taken with him?”
Phillips looked puzzled.  
Ashe asked another question, one that may have been covered while he was walking the scene.  “What can you tell me about the other guy?  Do we know who he is, yet?”
“We don’t know,” Oscar replied.  “Witnesses knew who Scott was because of the news conference.  It was fresh in their minds.  They did not get a chance to recognize anyone else.  They did say that they believe the guy Scott had taken was injured, bleeding from his leg.”
“That explains the trail,” Ashe said, eyeing a path of diluted drops of blood.  “I believe the hired gun came with the man Scott had taken.  And this is the main crime scene, but not the only scene we need to look at.  This is only where things have ended…but we need to find where they began.”
Before Phillips or Oscar could say anything, Ashe lined himself up with the trial of blood and began to walk forward.  He strolled up to the far end of the taped off perimeter of the crime scene.  Instead of stopping at that point, he bent underneath the yellow banner and continued forward.   He kept his body facing straight so that he would continue moving in a direct line.
He could hear Phillips and Oscar walking behind him, along with what sounded like other footsteps.  Ashe didn’t turn to see who was all on his back, but instead continued to walk forward.  Everyone remained quiet.  Only the sound of their steps could be heard.  They walked and walked until another park road could be seen sitting in the distance.  Next to the road was a small building, possibly a bathroom.  
Near to the building, a car could be seen parked along the road.  A yellow Porsche.  Ashe stopped and turned to Oscar and Phillips.  Just past the detectives was a little group of onlookers, both media and other officers.  “Tape this area off too and get the media back.”  He pointed out marks on the ground and blood spots in the dirt.  There had been a struggle. “This is our second scene.  It all began here.”
A yellow Porsche sat at the side of the park road.  Ashe went over to inspect the yellow car, walking to the back of the vehicle, and felt his breath as it froze in his lungs.  
“Oscar,” he called.  “I know who Scott took with him.”
His old friend was quickly by Ashe’s side.  “How?”
Ashe motioned to the yellow car and license plate.  “Who do you know who has plates that say that?”
“Son of a bitch,” Oscar groaned.  “What the hell is going on here?”
The license plate was custom and read LUCKYONE.  
“Scott kidnapped Lucky Barrett,” Ashe told his friend.  “Fuck!”
Oscar nodded in agreement. 
Fuck indeed. 
“I guess I can no long deny a link between Scott and Franklin Barrett,” Ashe added.  “We need to talk to Norman Bones.  We need to know why he was out here with Lucky Barrett.  We need to understand what had happened here.”
Oscar grunted.

Chapter 46

A single lamp was still all that lit the living room and Bam stood in the thick shadows of it, glaring with disgust upon her father, who was still tied to the stiff, uncomfortable chair.  Most of his face was back lit by the lamp, darkened by it, but Bam could see that the smirk was still planted on his lips.  Even though Lucky Barrett sat below Bam, He still seemed to be looking down on his daughter, as if he always remained on high.
Exactly how high did her father believed he sat?  Bam wondered.
When Bam had met Scott, she instantly knew that they had something in common, something that was deep within their psyche.  She hadn’t been lucky enough to have had any classes with Scott, maybe their meeting would have been quicker, their coupling faster.  Instead, she met him before and after basketball games, which she enjoyed attending on a regular basis.  She didn’t go to games to hang out with friends nor was an acquaintance of a player, she was someone who enjoyed going to the YSU Penguin games solo, because it calmed her, making her forget about tests and other life involved stresses.  Like being the daughter of dangerous and well-known man.
Also, college basketball games flowed with adrenaline, like a drug to the vein.  It was intoxicating.
A couple of games had passed before she got a good look at Scott, but that first glimpse she recognized a kindred spirit in him.  He was more than a mere dumb athlete.  Sports were a way of escape for him, as it was for her.  And he was escaping something similar. She could see it in his eyes.  At the time, she didn’t know what he was fleeing from.  She later found out that they were escaping from the same thing…their father.
Bam had managed to eventually get near to Scott so that she could spark up a conversation.  The spark was instant.  The reaction was immediate.  And the fire had been burning brighter and faster and harder from one day to the next.  
It was love.  It was understanding.  It was at the core of them both. And when Scott had trusted her with the story of his father, the role that his father had had in the death of his mother, she knew exactly how tight their bond would be.  Like the fusion of bone.
She went on to tell Scott about her own father, Lucky Barrett.  She had been nervous at first, because the name of her father was known in the area, most of the time for despicable things.  But it was rightly so. Lucky Barrett had earned what people often said about him.  He had once been just another business man in a wealthy business family, but her father turned crooked and chose a life of the negative type.  That life didn’t stay with him, though, but spread into other members of her family.  
Her uncle Franklin.
Others.
Bam had not wanted Scott to associate her with her father and his lifestyle choices, because she was not like him and fought day after day to be less and less like that man.  She cared how Scott viewed her.
While growing up under the care of Lucky Barrett, Bam had seen things that many children were unable to internalize in healthy ways.  Violence.  Greed.  Death. She was always surprised that she had never shown up on the police’s radar because she was one of those people that knew where some of the bodies were buried, so to say.  But no one ever honestly asked her to dig and she never volunteered.   
The first chance she got, Bam left her father and her family and blended into the population of Youngstown State University, a small campus compared to places like OSU, but it worked for what she desired.  She could have gone to Ivy League schools like Yale or Harvard, but she refused to let her father pay for the expensive schools.  
Year after year, her father had become somewhat of a recluse, which made it even harder to be at home.  He rarely left the house, choosing to work through others.  He was often paranoid.  It appeared that his sanity might have been slipping.  Bam believed that she understood the paranoia…the reclusion.  It made more sense since she had taken the pill herself, the pill her father had cradled for years, always on him or within arm’s reach.  She couldn’t say for sure how long her father has had his pill, but it had been a long time.  She always thought it to be a vitamin or some kind of narcotic, but the way he coveted it made her curious.
How did she even get the pill?  For a second she almost couldn’t remember.  It had been simple chance, she recalled.  She had taken a rare and unplanned trip to her former home a few months after getting into YSU so that she could gather up a few of her favorite books from the library.  Bam wasn’t a general reader, but there was a choice group of novels she had cherished while growing up.  The Giver. A Wrinkle in Time.  Fallen Angels.  Fade.  Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.   And The Hobbit.  There wasn’t any rhyme or reason why these novels had a place in her heart, but they did.  And her father would have never realized that they were gone.  To him, the library showed off prestige and intellect, as only a large room full of read and unread books could.    
She had crept into the large and quiet building, knowing that her father had most likely been self-quarantined to his office.  After hushing the butler, Mr. Groves, with a finger to her lips, she had snuck into the library, which had been as empty as always.  It hadn’t taken long to locate the books.  On her way to leave, she had been stopped by a sight.  On one of the three reading tables had sat two black and gold containers.  She had become unable to move.
Her father’s pills.  two of them.  He never misplaced them.  But there they had sat.  And why the black and gold containers.  She never understood it.  Symbolic?  She didn’t know.
Breaking into a motion, she had grabbed the containers and bolted out the library door.
She wished that she would have never have taken it.  Or talked Scott into taking one.
The chair still sat in front of Lucky.  Bam reluctantly lowered down and became on equal ground as her father.  She shook with nervousness, which caused her fingers to tremble.  She wasn’t sure what to say.  Instead, she moved in close to him and helped him to drink the glass of water she had brought from the kitchen sink.
Lucky drank ravenously.
“Thank you, Amber,” he told her once he had drank down most of the glass.  “That was nice.”
“Don’t take it as a sign of peace,” Bam told him. She paused for a moment and listened for Scott’s snoring, which had been nearly nonstop since he had fallen asleep.  After crawling into the bed to lie next to her, Scott had fallen swiftly into slumber. “There will be no peace between us.  There will never be.” She tried to put pressure behind her words but knew that they sounded nothing but weak.  She never had much of a voice when it came to her father.
Time to find one, she told herself.
“I know,” he replied.  “Peace is an overrated idea, anyway.  Peace is for those people with limited foresight.”
“I have no doubt that you would see it that way,” she said.  She couldn’t help but to laugh at his egotism. That type of mindset seemed to run in her family blood.  But not her.  And even though he sat restrained in a wooden chair, Lucky Barrett would not be helpless, he would not allow himself to be held to any fault.  “You still won’t say it, will you?  After all this time?  What the hell is wrong with you?”  Her voice cracked beneath the question.
“What are you talking about?” Lucky asked.
“My mother,” she threw at his face, as if the words were venomous saliva.  “You still won’t tell me that you are sorry.  You still won’t allow yourself any blame. You still don’t care.  What kind of person are you, father?”
“A strong one,” he said.
“I don’t see a strong man,” she replied.  “I see a cold person, someone who is dead inside.  You are the reason that I am so fucked up.  You are the reason that I am angry all the time.  You are the reason that I don’t have a mother to hold me.  Don’t you care?”
“I never said that I didn’t care,” Lucky said.  
“You never said you did, either,” Bam shot back.
He nodded and said, “I’ve always loved a good family reunion.  It reminds me where I’ve come from and how far I have to go.”  His words were a sarcastic slap in Bam’s face.  And Bam reacted with a literal slap to his face, which drew some more blood from the man’s cocked lip.  It felt good.  But it also made her feel sad.  She shouldn’t enjoy drawing blood from her father’s lip, even if he deserved it.
She put down the cup of water, left her father’s sight, and retrieved a dish towel from the kitchen sink.  Returning, she began to wipe at some of the blood on her father’s face.  She was gentle with the cloth, but the cloth was dry and only managed to wipe away a small portion of the wet or dried blood.  The rest smeared and spread.
She then took a glance at the gunshot wound on his lower leg.  It had been recently wrapped with a small dish towel and seemed to have stopped bleeding.  But beneath the towel, the wound was most likely infected or on its way to infection.
Bam thought about going upstairs to the bathroom and getting the bottle of rubbing alcohol from the cabinet.  But she hesitated.  Her mind felt twisted, which was the reason that Scott had not wanted her to speak with her father alone, because she should not be trusted with him.  No matter how much hurt Lucky Barrett had caused his daughter, deep down she still wanted some type of approval from him.  It was a viscous circle, one that she fought to break by running away to YSU.
Bam dropped the rag next to her chair and sat back down.
Be firm, she ordered herself.
“My mother died by a bullet that was meant for you,” Bam continued, trying with all her might to properly confront her father.  “Did you know that it was coming?  Did you see yourself die and choose to replace yourself with my mother?  Is that what you did?”
 “I don’t understand the question, sweetheart,” Lucky responded.  “How could I have known what was going to happen?  How could I have seen myself die?  That…just isn’t possible.  It was out of my control.  Fate.  Destiny.  Or a simple unavoidable disaster.  I could not have known.  What drugs are you on, sweetie?”
  Bam slapped him again, much harder than before.  Instead of cleaning him up, she let her father bleed.
“You know damn well what I am talking about,” she said, the words being ground between her clenched teeth.  “You know damn well what I am talking about.  I took your pill and I know what it does.  And so does Scott.  And I now know that you let my mother die in your place.  You knew that that motherfucker was going to come for you and you made sure that mom was in that driver’s seat.  Didn’t you?  Didn’t you?  It was no accident.  Was it?”
Lucky stared back blank, emotionless, and without reply.
It pissed Bam off.
“I don’t know what you want me to say,” he finally replied.  “A man on a motorcycle shot and killed your mother.  Not me.  I don’t know what you think is going on here, but you are far from right.”
“I took the pill, dad,” she replied. “I took it.  You can’t deny what it is and what it does.  I know from experience.  And it’s the reason why all of this is happening to Scott.  You are the reason.  All of this is your fault, father.”
“What do you think you saw, Amber?” he asked.
“Flashing lights.  Life…draining from my face,” Bam began.  “I was dying…in a fog of shouting and confusion.  That is all I know.  It wasn’t entirely clear.”
“Sounds like you had a bad trip,” Lucky said.  “Nothing more.  There are some potent drugs on the market these days.  Just say no.”
	“Where did you get the pill?” she pleaded.  “What is it?  Where does it come from?  Tell me.  Tell Scott.  Tell us.  Please.”
	Lucky popped his shoulders, shrugging in the vain way he often did.
Bam was on her feet at once with her hands wrapped around the man’s neck.  She began to squeeze.  “I want to squeeze the life out of you.  I want to you watch the shit come out of your ears.  Would that be funny?  Would that be funny to you?”
“You are not going to kill me,” he managed to mutter.
“How are you so sure?”
“I would know,” he choked out.  “Or so you choose to believe.”
Bam let go.  Frustrated.  “Maybe I won’t do it.  But Scott will.  If you don’t give us some answers.”
“He won’t either,” Lucky chuckled.  “I’m going to be alive for a long time to come.  Believe that, my dear daughter.”
“The future is not set,” she stated.  “Scott has proven that, like I’m sure that you have quit a few times.”
“The future has been pretty reliable for me,” he told her.  “Too bad your mother didn’t have that luxury.”
“You bastard,” Bam curses.  Before storming from the living room, Bam picked up the cup and tossed the rest of the water in her father’s face.  She hesitated at the bottom of the stairs.  Scott’s snores could still be heard.  Taking a deep breath, she climbed the stairs.


Chapter 47

After another hour at the crime scene, Ashe and Oscar finally was able to get away, taking with them permission from Detective Philips to speak to Norman Bones.  Norman Bones was stable and at the hospital.  When the doctors felt that he could survive being moved, he would be transferred to a jail cell.  Apparently Bones would not be able to dodge any charges that time, as he had dodged many other charges in the past.  He could try to blame Scott and claim that he was acting in self-defense, but Ashe doubted that would hold any water.  
	Perhaps it was the break that the Cleveland Police needed against Norman Bones and they could once and for all get the killer off the streets.  
	As he sat there next to Oscar, Ashe thought about Norman Bones, a man who often killed for money, and considered the thin line between a contract killer and a serial killer.  Serial killers tend to hold an above average intelligence and are most often psychopaths or sociopaths who enjoy manipulating and watching people die.  But the same could be true about contract killers.  They too tend to be intelligent and void of a conscious or the normal range of emotions.  Contract killers do not always enjoy the kill, but a majority seemed to desire it, either because of training or compulsion.  Ashe decided that the one honest line between a serial killer and a contract killer was that a contract killer kills for whoever pays them to do so.
	It was a thin and blurry line.  
“How much do you know about Lucky Barrett?” Ashe asked his old friend, his mind a jumble of information, but the information was beginning to find a solid hold in his brain, instead of floating aimless.  
“How much do you know?” Oscar returned the question.
“Not a lot,” Ashe admitted.  “I don’t remember if we ever had a case that dealt with him.”
Oscar shook his head.  “I never brought you in on those ones, because I only wanted to pick your brain on the serial cases, the ones where we didn’t already know who the suspect was or could be.  We didn’t need you for the organized crime bullshit.  We knew the usual suspects.  No questions, only lack of proof.  Always lack of proof.”  He groaned.  “And…Lucky Barrett operated all over this area of the world.  Prostitution in Cleveland.  Racketeering in Warren.  Dead men washing up in the big lake.  He wasn’t always a local problem.  We didn’t always get the crimes in our little city.”
Nodding, Ashe replied, “But now he is involved with my son.  I need to know what you know.  I was leaning toward Franklin Barrett as some kind of pivotal role in this but I was wrong.  I think that Lucky is the center of this…or at least Scott believes he is.  Why?”
“The pill,” Oscar added.
“I have more that I want to know about that pill,” Ashe said.  “So much more.  You only found it at a small group of crime scenes.  I don’t get that.  Most drugs are mass produced and spread out over the town or county or state or country.  What drug do you know has that little of a user rate?  It doesn’t make any sense.”
“Or does it,” Oscar rebutted.  It got Ashe’s full attention.  “Meth and cocaine and ecstasy have a high user rate and can be found just about everywhere.  But those are the ones that anyone with a chemistry set and a textbook could cook up.  But that isn’t all the drugs that exist.  There are back alley drugs, homemade experiments kept secret from the masses.  Most of them are bull and don’t amount to much.  But I’m sure there are those that are the opposite, those that turn out way different than intended.”
“And you think that this pill is one of those drugs?” Ashe asked, turning to him.  “A science experiment?  A mistake?”
“Maybe,” Oscar replied, changing lanes to pass a slow car.  “It could even have been made by Lucky Barrett himself or someone from his crew, anyway.  I don’t know.  The only problem with that is I don’t believe that he has ever been linked or rumored to be linked to drug running.  Guns, prostitutes, and extortion…but never drugs.  Which is strange itself, now that I think about it.”
“That is a little strange,” Ashe agreed.  “Why draw a line at drug running, especially in Northeast Ohio, where pills and crack brings in stacks of money.  Crack owns Warren, Youngstown, and all the little places the surround them.   Why wouldn’t Lucky want a piece of that action, too?”
 “I don’t know,” Oscar replied.
“Me either,” Ashe said, before taking the subject in a different direction.  “I want to look back at the crimes where the pill or the container was found.  The only connection made was organized crime.  Right?  Let’s add Lucky Barrett as another possible connection.  How would that look?”
“Like paranoid crazy talk,” Oscar blurted and groaned.  “But not impossible.  All families, gangs, and groups are linked together…somewhere.  But I never wanted to put a single face to all that mess.  It would be ugly.  Ugly as hell.  And a stretch.”
“True,” Ashe said.  “But we are just talking…chatting on our way to speak to Norman Bones.  We can speculate…we can guess.  No big deal.”
“No big deal,” Oscar mimicked, an unsure tone in his voice.  Oscar didn’t like to guess or speculate, but he knew that his job often called for free talk, a time where rumors and stretches have to be taken seriously in order for the true and honest ideas to see the light of day.  When evidence fell short, speculation was all that was left.
“Let’s just say that Lucky has a pill that made people paranoid and violent, prone to lashing out to those they fear,” Ashe began.  “What would be the motive for giving them to people like Mathew Windham?”
“Revenge,” Oscar answered.  “Or punishment.  Or getting rid of competition.  There would be many motives for a crime boss wanting to take those people out.  A crime family in Lucky’s way.  A crooked cop getting a big head or refusing to listen.  A group of gun runners refusing to deal or raising prices.  It could be for many, many reasons.”
“It would make his own hands clean, as well,” Ashe added.  “He would be nowhere near the scene of the crime.  The blood would be on someone else hands, technically.”
“But why his own brother?”
“I looked at your file,” Ashe said, “and I noticed that Franklin and Lucky were glued to the hip when it came to business.  No.  That’s not right.  It was more like Franklin was riding his brother’s choices for his own gain.  What if Franklin Barrett became greedy?  No.  Not greed.  I’ve met with Franklin Barrett.  The man thinks himself to be a shark, just like other members of his family, but what I saw was far from a shark.  I could see weakness.  A frailty.  He wanted to be a shark but the power was fake, pretend, something that Franklin wanted everyone to see but was never completely there.  It is possible that that weakness worried Lucky and he had to do something before Franklin did something stupid.”
“He bit a little close to home that time, though,” Oscar stated. 
“Yep,” Ashe replied.  “But it could have backfired.  I just don’t understand why Franklin didn’t fear his own brother, but instead acted out against his wife and son.”
“He trusted Lucky, for some reason,” Oscar said.  “He trusted his brother more than his wife and son.”
Ashe became silent, considering the idea.  Money can do some crazy things to people’s minds, just as crazy as any street drug.  He was not hurting for money but never considered himself rich by any means.  Would that change him?  Having money?  Would that make him paranoid of the people he loved most in the world?  
“They must have put that fear in his mind somehow,” Ashe told Oscar.  “I can’t see that kind of aggressive behavior coming from nowhere.  Even Scott didn’t act out of the clear blue.  He was afraid of Owen when Owen was doped beyond any reasoning.  The pill just amplified it beyond any rational thought.”
“But that doesn’t mean that any actual murder plot existed,” Oscar rationalized.  
“Doesn’t mean there wasn’t,” Ashe replied.  “We may never know.”
Oscar nodded.
“We don’t even know whether or not the pill came from Lucky to begin with,” he said.  “Lucky Barrett could just be another victim. Remember…we are just speculating.”
“I know,” Ashe said.  “But it fits.  If Lucky did have a weapon to make his enemies turn on one another, how could he not use it?”
Oscar groaned.
Something suddenly occurred to Ashe, like the metaphorical light bulb going off above his head.  “Do you remember how Lucky got his nickname all those years ago?  I mean…even I know that story…and those similar ones that followed.”
Oscar glanced at the psychologist.  “You’re talking about his wife?”
A shiver caressed Ashe’s neck.  He thought about his own wife.  “Yes. And what happened to her many years ago.  It’s a little peculiar, now that I think about it. Anyway, I don’t think that Lucky was big time enough to have drivers then…or always insisted that he would drive himself places.  I’m not sure and it doesn’t matter.  On that day, for some reason, he let his wife drive and he lied down in the back seat.”
“I heard that he was sick,” Oscar said.
“Sick,” Ashe continued, “or something.  The point was that Lucky never let anyone drive his cars…not even his wife.  Never.  But that day he did.  On the way to the airport a motorcycle pulls up next to the car and unloads with an automatic machinegun.  The shooter doesn’t even look to see who is driving, because he had no doubt that Lucky would be behind the wheel.”
“Mrs. Barrett is wiped out of the world while her husband is safe in backseat,” Oscar said.  “Luck.  Those bullets were meant for Lucky and he sidestepped them because of a sick stomach or headache.”
“It was luck,” Ashe concurred.  “It became like a myth.  Other similar incidents have occurred, as far as I know.  I can’t emphasize that enough.  I can’t say that I am an expert in all things Lucky Barrett.”
“Luck,” Oscar repeated.  “Barrett seems to be full of it.  He has dodged his own death a few times over the last decade, give or take.  You said peculiar?  Peculiar, how?”
“It’s like he knew that the attacks or accidents or whatever were coming,” Ashe replied.  
“Knew they were coming?  ESP?”
“No,” Ashe quickly blurted.  “Not at all.”  He became silent for a few seconds.  “Visions of the future don’t exist.”  He didn’t want to take the time to consider extraordinary possibilities.  He needed to focus on what he could touch and taste, namely the fact that the mystery pill created delusions and hallucinations that caused people to imagine their fears played out in their minds.  With Scott, it played out as a vision of his own death.  But the vision wasn’t real.  
“I agree,” Oscar said.  “I’m glad that we got that covered.”
“Absolutely agreed,” Ashe replied.  “But don’t you believe in God?”
“Jesus is my lord and savior,” Oscar told him matter-of-fact.  “He is in my heart…always.”
“But you don’t believe that Lucky could have seen the future?” Ashe asked.
“No,” Oscar answered.
“Okay…then.”
“None of this speculation answers the connection with Scott,” Oscar pointed out.  Ashe was well aware of that fact, he just didn’t know any solutions to the problem.  “Why would Lucky Barrett want to get at your son?  Is Scott secretly a gun runner?”  He laughed at his own joke.
“I don’t think so,” Ashe replied.  
“Could it be his girlfriend?”
“Possibly,” Ashe said and grew silent.  ESP.  Extrasensory Perception.  The psychologist always considered himself grounded in science but at the same time open minded to the possibilities of the human brain.  Abnormal abilities, like a memory ability that almost appeared to be paranormal, could exist inside a special mind.  Studies have shown it to be true.  These abilities could either begin at birth or be accomplished by way of training or mutation or through unexpected results from damage.  The brain was still beyond full understanding and appreciation, any scientific mind had to admit.  
Could a plain-Jane pill affect the mind in a way that caused in an abnormal ability to see the future?  Could that be possible?  He kept his thoughts to himself.
The psychologist noticed the lights of the Cleveland Clinic Hospital appearing up ahead.  Oscar signaled their turn and swerved into the entrance.  He entered the visitor’s lot and found the first available spot to park.  The car jerked to a stop as Oscar slammed on the breaks and threw it into park.  Once parked, both of the men leapt from the vehicle and began their march toward the nearest pair of automatic doors, ones that would lead them inside and to Norman Bones.


Chapter 48

The sliding glass opened to reveal the waiting area for the emergency room, one that was populated with plastic bucket seats.  The majority of the seats were empty.  A few of them were being used by waiting figures.  As Ashe and Oscar strolled up to the main desk, Ashe caught sight of one man who was holding a white towel to his head.  The towel was obviously being used to catch the blood that was leaking from somewhere beneath it.  The other waiters didn’t appear to be injured.  They were most likely there for someone else.
Ashe followed behind Oscar, letting the detective take the lead.  When it came down to it, Ashe had no authority in the investigation, nor did he have any authority when it came to speaking to Norman Bones.  Ashe was nothing more than a shadow following behind the detective, barely seen and barely heard when it came to other people.  Without the shiny badge, most people wouldn’t take him seriously, even if he did have a laminate.
A lot of people didn’t take him seriously for simply being a psychologist.  To some people, those who didn’t fully understand the science behind psychology, a psychologist wasn’t far from a wizard or con artist, but that was a barrier that Ashe had to overcome.  
Thankfully, that barrier was getting weaker and weaker as time passes.
At the main desk, Oscar greeted the plump woman sitting behind a computer.  “Evening.”  The detective pulled his badge and introduced himself.  “My name is Detective Harrison and this is Dr. Walters.  We are here on the authority of Detective Phillips to find out the condition of Norman Bones, a gunshot victim who was brought in here not too long ago.  We were hoping to ask him a few questions if we could.”
The receptionist punched a series of keys on the computer’s keyboard.  After squinting at the screen, she told them, “Let me get a hold of the doctor.”  Picking up a black phone receiver, she dialed a three digit number and waited a few seconds for a response.  When someone answered, she mumbled something on the other end and then immediately hung up.  “Dr. Webber will be out shortly.  He can give you any information you are here for.”  Without waiting for a reply from either Ashe or Oscar, the receptionist put her entire attention back on the computer screen.
The detective and psychologist turned their backs to the desk area.
“I sure hope that asshole is awake,” Oscar told Ashe.  “But I won’t be too heartbroken if that asshole happened to die.”
“He can’t die,” Ashe insisted.  “We need to talk to him.  We need answers from that asshole.”
Oscar grunted.
“Why do you think they were at that park?” the psychologist asked.
“Probably some kind of meeting,” Oscar said.  “A meeting away from prying eyes.  Illegal stuff.”
Ashe nodded.
“If that’s true,” Oscar continued, “it would be news in itself.  I’ve been under the impression that Lucky Barrett had gone all Howard Hughes…locking himself in his mansion…afraid of his own shadow.  But that might be another rumor.”
Ashe gave Oscar a sharp glance.  “Howard Hughes?  One of the reasons why someone might lock themselves in their own home is fear…paranoia…of the extreme type.  What might explain that, Oscar?”
“Lucky took his own pill,” Oscar replied. “Another reason to think he just might have done that.  But I still don’t believe that he actually saw his own death.”
“That is not what I’m saying,” Ashe said.  “I don’t know what I’m saying.”  
They grew quiet.  
Hearing footsteps coming up to them, Ashe and Oscar turned to see a man in blue scrubs reaching out his freshly washed hands to greet them.  They shook the doctor’s hands.  The doctor was a great deal younger than both of the men he was greeting but he met the men’s eyes with the same amount of intensity that he was being given.  “I’m Dr. Webber.  Are you guys from Cleveland Police?”  
Oscar answered, “No.  Youngstown department.”
“Youngstown?” the doctor asked.  “I thought he was shot somewhere here in the city?”
“It’s a joint investigation,” Oscar said.  “Norman Bones is a suspect that needs questioned as soon as possible.  Will there be any way that we could make that happen, soon, doctor?”
Ashe hadn’t noticed the clipboard in the Doctor’s hand until he put it up in front of his face.  “Mr. Bones came through surgery as expected.  No critical damage had occurred and we believe that he will make a full recovery. His vital signs have stabilized. I don’t assume he would be awake just yet, but we can walk back and take a look for ourselves.”
Ashe had a hunch that the doctor was humoring them and knew that Norman Bones would not be awake for some time.  But he went along with it anyway.  He wanted to see Norman Bones for himself, even if the man was sleeping off a gunshot.  
Ashe and Oscar followed the doctor through another sliding glass door and into a long hallway.  The hallway was plain, pale and cold, as hospital areas tend to be, because the cold kept germs from growing and multiplying.  The doctor led the two men from the initial hallway into another narrower one that intersected the current one. The three men didn’t walk for long before they came to a door with the number 112 written on it.  But the door was closed and the doctor appeared confused.  Dr. Webber glanced back at Ashe and Oscar before turning the knob to open the closed door.  The knob wouldn’t turn.  It was locked.
“These doors are never locked,” Dr. Webber said.
Oscar swiftly pushed Ashe and the doctor to the side.  “Why would this door not be closed or locked?”
“If a patient crashes,” the doctor explained, “we need immediately access to them.”
“Good point,” Oscar replied, planting himself in front of the door.  “Maybe you shouldn’t put locks on the doors, then,” he joked.  He patted his hip, which Ashe knew gave the detective constant problems.  The kick came suddenly and caused Ashe to flinch.  Oscar at once kicked a second time.  Kicking a door down was nothing like in the movies, where the hinges collapsed within one or two kicks.  Instead, even though he was a large and strong person, it took Oscar many kicks and stomps against the wood of the door in order to gain any form of entry into the room.  And it still took a group shove to get the door completely open.
Dr. Webber rushed inside first.  He ran over to Norman Bones and began to check his vitals, even though it was obvious to anyone that Norman Bones was dead.  It was obvious because of the large knife that was protruding from Norman’s chest, along with the red stained note that was taped to hilt of the weapon.
The note was on white paper.  It read:  TRY AND SEW THIS ONE UP DOC!
“Son of a bitch,” Oscar exclaimed.  
Ashe was able to get a good enough look to notice something about Norman Bones.  His nose.  It was obvious that someone had bit down hard on it.  He could still see the outline of teeth in the skin. Scott.  Ashe recalled something that happened when his son was much young, possibly in fourth or fifth grade.  Scott had been being bullied by another student who was much larger than him.  Growing fed up with the shoving and hitting, Scott had retaliated by biting the nose of the bully.  It was an act that got him suspended, but Scott had made his point and was never bullied by anyone ever again.  
Ashe grounded his son for the action, but he knew that sometimes people get pushed too far and in that moment they become dangerous.  Even the mildest mannered people have their breaking points.  
Dr. Webber began to check the machines.  “Someone messed with these machines when they unhooked him.  They knew what they were doing.  That is why none of the machines went off when he died.  Why would this happen?”
Instead of telling the doctor what he wanted to know, he pulled out his phone.  “Phillips?  Norman Bones is dead.  No.  Someone got to him and shoved a knife in his ass.  Not literally.  Get a team over here a.s.a.p.  Yes. Yes. Okay.”  He hung up the phone and ordered Dr. Webber from the room, which he agreed to storm off angrily down the hall.  He motioned for Ashe to leave as well.  
 “Phillips is sending guys over,” Oscar told Ashe when they were in hallway.  “We need to stick around here until they arrive.  Why weren’t there anybody at this door?  There should be guns at this door.  Why weren’t there any guns at this door guarding Norman Bones until someone spoke with him?”
“I don’t know,” Ashe replied.  
“I would have done it,” Oscar fumed.  “I would have had men on Norman Bones every damned second.”
“But that wasn’t your call,” Ashe told him.  
“Phillips dropped the ball,” Oscar growled.
Ashe put his hand on his friend’s shoulder.   “There is nothing that we can do, now.” He said, even though he too wanted to scream and kick and break.  But that would not help Scott.  Even though the only good lead to his son had just been gutted, he knew that blaming a fellow good guy was not the answer.  “Phillips didn’t know it would go this way.”
“He should have.”
Ashe shrugged.  It was true that Detective Phillips should have had two men on Norman’s door, but it was done.  Over.  And yet he understood how angry Oscar was.  It was a big loss.  “What do you think happened here?”
“Lucky Barrett,” Oscar answered.  “If the paranoia is true…I say he had Norman killed before he could talk.  But how…while being kidnapped and missing…I don’t know.”
“That is a good question,” Ashe agreed.  “I doubt that Scott gave him free reign over the nearest telephone.  Someone who is paranoid might have fail safes in place for whenever something happens…anything.  Only thing I could come up with.  Lucky must have someone in the police force, either in Cleveland or Youngstown, and don’t give me that look, Oscar, even you can’t deny that possibility.  When word went out in the department about what took place…that man acted.”
Oscar sighed.
A cell phone chirruped to life and startled both Ashe and Oscar.  The cell phone was still in the detective’s hand and he snapped it to his ear.  “Speak.  Ginger.  Please tell me that you have some good news for me, because we need it right now.  No.  Nothing I want to talk about.  Hold on.”  Pulling the phone from his head, Oscar turned on the speaker.  “You are on speakerphone, Ginger.  It’s just me and Ashe.”
“What do you have for us, Ginger?” Ashe inquired, moving closer to Oscar and the phone.
“I don’t have a lot, friend,” the lab rat admitted.  “Clothes.  Bedding.  Computer with only school work and links to porn.  I found some unused ammunition for the handgun, but that would be expected.”
“Anything useful,” Oscar interrupted.
“There was a picture hidden in a frame behind another picture,” Ginger said.  “It was taken from the newspaper.”
“Who is in the picture, Ginger?” Ashe asked.
“The picture is not all here,” Ginger told him.  “I think it was a larger picture, but most of it has been cut away.  I can see two men standing side by side.”
“Who?” Ashe wanted to know.
“Franklin and Lucky Barrett,” Ginger replied. 
“We already know that they are involved in this,” Oscar said.  “That doesn’t give us anything new.  Damn.”
“The third clue,” Ashe mumbled.
Oscar looked to him.  “What?”
“Scott told me that he had left three clues behind,” Ashe replied.
“Clues,” Oscar exhaled.  “I’m tired of chasing shadows.  This isn’t a fucking fiction novel.  I want answers.  Ginger?  Can you find me the rest of that picture?  I want to know everything about it, who is in it, what articles it is from…everything.”  Before Ginger could say yes or no or maybe, Oscar ended the call.
“What do you want me to do?” Ashe asked his old friend.
“I’ll stay right here and watch this room,” Oscar replied.  “I want you to go and find us some coffee.  The night is just getting started.”
Without arguing or asking Oscar when the last time it was that he had slept, Ashe went down the cold hall in search of caffeine. 

Chapter 49

Detective Oscar Harrison hovered over his steaming cup of hot sludge for what felt like an hour, but might have only been twenty minutes.  Ashe watched him from an angle, trying to stay out of direct view of his old friend.  The expression Oscar was giving the air directly in front of his face was not a pleasant one.  It was a mixture of frustration, resentment, and helplessness, as if the investigation, which he always put everything that he had into, was getting away from him, and there seemed to be nothing that he could do about it.  Ashe also knew that one of the reasons for the expression was because Oscar cared for their longtime friendship and didn’t want to let him, and Scott, down. 
The psychologist had been witness to that exact expression several times during their many years together, and sometimes he was even on the receiving end of it.  Those times were rare, but they were never pleasant, Ashe remembered.
	The last time that Ashe had been witness to that particular expression was the day that they found Susanne’s body, a day where every expression, every word, every single detail remained chiseled in the rock of his brain, like the pyramids of Giza, far away from the effects of time and weathering.  It would remain untouched, even though a part of Ashe would love to take a sledgehammer to the stone, hit it and hit it, smash it and into dust, in order for it to blow away.  But it would never decay, it would never alter or shatter, at least not until the day Ashe died and his brain was finally given over to the worms, only then will that day cease to exist, for him anyway.
	Oscar had taken that day hard, as well.  Ashe knew that his old friend blamed himself for Susanne’s death, which might have been the main reason why Ashe hadn’t been the only one to withdraw.  Oscar had also been drawn away, not from his detective duties, but from his friendship his Ashe, because he most likely had been having a difficult time facing Ashe, guilt weighing on him.  But Ashe never blamed Oscar.  It had been anyone’s fault outside that of Steven Reynolds and himself.  
	“What are we going to do, now?” Ashe nervously asked, finding it difficult to meet his friend’s eyes.
	“We wait,” Oscar replied.  
	“For how long?”
	“However long it takes,” Oscar grumbled.
`	Ashe let it go, immediately sorry that he had questioned Oscar.   There did not seem to be any clear cut answer for what to do or where to go next.  The death of Norman Bones had stalled the train of motion that both men had recently jumped aboard.  They had been barreling toward his son, but the steam had suddenly vanished and the locomotive became stilled. 
	 Staring at the detective, Ashe knew what Oscar was waiting for.  He needed a target for his frustration.  He needed to place the hairs of his scope.  That target would be Detective Phillips and it didn’t sit well with Ashe, because Detective Phillips was a good cop and had been in the trenches with them during the hunt for the Eastside Slasher.  The Cleveland cop had aged years in those few months, as they all had.  Going through an experience like that had bonded the men, making them brothers, survivors in arms.  Phillips had messed up by not having men permanently attached to Norman Bones, not just because it was protocol, but because it was necessary.  He had made a big mistake.  It was obvious.  Maybe Phillips was losing his focus, having been at war with the bad guys for too many years.  Maybe he had lost his edge.  Maybe.  But that did not make him an enemy, a target for Oscar’s anger.  It just wasn’t right.
	The face of the true enemy was still unclear.
	But Ashe knew damn well that it was not Detective Phillips.
	“I’ve been thinking…” Ashe began but was interrupted.
	“You think too much,” Oscar blurted.
	“It’s a gift,” the psychologist replied, continuing.  “I’m almost sure that Lucky Barrett began by taking the pill himself.  You have only discovered the pill within the last handful of years, but I’m sure that the pill goes as far as back as his wife’s death, if not much further.”
	“If he has been using it that long,” Oscar said, “then he should be a raving lunatic by now.” 
True, Ashe had to agree.  But who said that Lucky Barrett wasn’t just that, a recluse in the throes of a severe and debilitating mental breakdown from having taken a violent pill for who knows how many years.  Ashe would have to wait to meet the man before he knew for sure.
Oscar added, “No one else lasted past the first or second dose before going into a killing frenzy.  Look at his brother.  Why is he different?”
	“I can’t say for sure,” Ashe admitted.  He took a much needed sip of his coffee. It was already getting cold.  The thin cups provided by the hospital did little to maintain the heat of the drink.   “But it most likely has to do with his personality or his state of mind.  Maybe he was already a raving lunatic before he took it.  I don’t know.  But I believe that he has found a way to use his paranoia.”
	“Use it?”
	“Yes,” Ashe said.  “When a person has paranoia they are always on edge, looking for the next attack, even if there was never a first attack.  They see things that might or might not be there, lurking around the corner, in the bushes.  It is like the common story about the conspiracy nut who keep his food in locked containers so that someone does not slip poison into his meals when he turns his back. With someone like Lucky Barrett, someone who has actual enemies in the world, there might actually be a threat around the corner, the next rising star thug wanting to slice his throat.  His paranoia may even cause hypersensitivity to those dangers.  If you think about it, for each actual life threatening event that Lucky was able to sidestep, there probably were many, many more imaginary events that he believed he had avoided.   Luck of the draw, pun not intended.  The threats that were actually avoided only served to solidify his paranoia and beliefs.”
	“I can see how that could happen,” Oscar grunted.  
	“The pill became a weapon,” Ashe continued.  “In more ways than one, I guess.”
	Footsteps began to echo from another hallway, possibly the initial hallway Ashe and Oscar had entered when following Dr. Webber.  Ashe stiffened, understanding what the sound of the firm steps meant.  Phillips had arrived with a crew to tie down the crime scene.  
	It didn’t take long for the group of men to travel the length of the halls to arrive at Ashe and Oscar.  Before Detective Phillips acknowledged them, he began to bark orders to his men, who rushed like soldiers into battle.  They seemed to be a mixture of CSI and uniforms.  Detective Phillips sent two uniforms to speak to the doctors and nurses that had been anywhere near the room where Norman Bones was knifed.  He put two more uniforms at the door, where they placed a yellow ribbon cordoning of the area.  He then ordered the two CSI techs into the closed off room, an order they obeyed with white gloves and equipment bags in hand.  
	“Can we have a word?” Oscar asked Phillips.
	Phillips nodded and followed Oscar down to the end of the hall.  Their voices began in low murmurs but quickly escalated into arguing.  The sound bounced from the walls and became louder and louder each time it hit.   By the time words reached Ashe, he could almost hear every syllable clearly.
	“You fucked up,” Oscar spat.  “Where were the guards?  You had Norman Bones in their prime and ready for questioning.  He would have spilled his guts…even if you had to offer him a deal.  How did you not see this possibility happening?  Where were the fucking guards?”
	“Why are you in my face, detective?” Phillips wanted to know.  
	“Because you fucked up.”
Phillips sighed.  “I made a call.  I needed my men where they were, questioning the witnesses.”
	Oscar pointed toward the room.  “He was our most important witness.  And someone managed to put a sharp knife in his formerly beating heart.  And now he is dead and so is our trail to Scott and Lucky Barrett.”
	“And I can’t do nothing about that, now,” Phillips told him and sighed.  Before letting Oscar a chance at rebuttal, Detective Phillips turned and walked away, back to Ashe and the crime scene.  He had a job to do.  Cleveland was his town and Oscar was a guest.  And maybe Oscar had worn out his welcome.
	Oscar waved Ashe over to him. “It’s time to go,” he said to the psychologist.  “Let them do their job.  They apparently do not need our common sense.”  
	“Where are we going?” 
	“Just get in the damn car, Ashe,” Oscar exclaimed, throwing his hands in the air.  “You ask too many questions.”
	The walk back to Oscar’s car was a tense one, filled with silence and heavy breathing.  No words were exchanged and Ashe was almost thankful for it.  Once they were back in the vehicle, Oscar just sat there.  He didn’t put the keys in the ignition.  With his head laid back against the headrest, he closed his eyes. He was simply still.  Oddly so.  Ashe sat next to him, uncomfortable, unsure what to do or say. 
	Oscar’s cell phone shattered the calm and caused Ashe to cry out.  After giving him a raised eyebrow, Oscar answered by turning it directly onto the speakerphone.  “You better have something for me, Ginger.”
	For a second Ginger didn’t talk, thrown off by the tone in Oscar’s voice.  “I do, my boy.  I scanned that partial picture into my computer.  I got some other computer geeks to help, too.  We combed the internet for a match…and bingo…we got one.”
	“Enough with the foreplay,” Oscar growled.
	“It’s a picture of the Barrett family,” Ginger said.  “It came from the Cleveland Post.  It was taken at some kind of fancy function several years ago.”
	Ashe considered the implication.  “The entire family is in it?”
	“Most of it,” Ginger responded.  “Many generations of rich and powerful assholes in one black and white photo.  Shades of gray don’t really show the arrogance of the lot, you know.”
	“What is the point, Ginger?” Oscar barked.
	Ashe intervened.  “Names?  Does the photo have the names of who is in it?”
	“At the bottom,” Ginger replied.  “Why?”
	“I have an unexpected hunch,” Ashe explained.  “Read me the names, please.”
	 “We don’t have time for name that Barrett,” Oscar groaned. 
	Ashe swiftly shushed him.  “Enough with the attitude, Oscar.  I want to find my son and you are not helping.  Go on, Ginger.”
	Ginger began to read the names.  Ashe stopped him midway through.
	“Amber Barrett?  Did you say Amber Barrett?”
	“I did say that,” Ginger answered.  “The daughter of Lucky Barrett.”
	Ashe lit up.  “How much do you want to bet that family and friends call her Bam?  And how much do you want to bet that Scott is with her.  There is our link to Scott.  And our third clue.”
	“Ginger…get me the address where Amber Barrett is presently living,” Oscar ordered, before hanging up on him.
	“Are you going to tell Phillip the break we just made?” Ashe asked him.  
	“No,” Oscar insisted.  “I don’t want anyone but us to know, right this second.  This isn’t about Phillips.  If you are right about someone in his or our department working for Lucky, I don’t anyone else to know where we are going until we get closer.  We don’t need them to beat us there and kill anyone else.”
	“Agreed.”
	It didn’t take long for Ginger to track down the mailing address for Amber Barrett.  Finally, Ashe found himself on his way to his son.  Hopefully.  But he knew that things were not coming to a close.  Many more troubles were ahead of him.  And things were far from over.  

Chapter 50

Scott couldn’t believe he had fallen asleep, he figured his wired nerves would have kept him awake.  He didn’t remember falling asleep or even dreaming.  And when he opened his eyes, he knew that he hadn’t slept too long because the room was still dark with night.  It took a minute to orient himself and when he was able to see within the dark of the room, he realized that Bam was still lying next to him, snoring away.  
	Back before the world began to implode, before all the chaos and the death, before the pill and the confusion, Scott would often lie next to Bam and listen to her sleep.  He loved to hear her breathing, in and out, in and out.  It was better than any song, any music that could be created.  It was honest and pure.  Breathing.  In and out.  It was life at its barest form.
	Quietly wiggling toward the edge of the mattress, he was able to get up from the bed without disturbing her.  Silently, he made his way from the room and down the wooden steps toward the living room.  He froze.  Staring up at him was Lucky Barrett, still awake, still smirking.  The man was like the Joker from the Batman comics and movies, always smiling, the smiles growing wider and wider while things exploded around them.
  How did the man stand being tied like that, arms around his back, unable to move much?  Scott asked himself.  And how was he still smirking?  It was like a cruel joke.  It was like no matter what he did or didn’t do, Lucky Barrett would have the last laugh.
He shook the thought from his mind and continued down the stairs, trying to fake confidence, trying to pretend as if Lucky was indeed under his domain, under his thumb, that Scott was the one who was the one in control, even though he wasn’t so sure how true it was.  But to be honest, Scott was sure the he was the one who was tied and bound to a chair by his feet and hands.  
“Did you get any sleep?” Scott asked and then forced a giggle.  He arrived at the bottom of the steps and then stopped.  Leaning against the wooden banister, he bragged, “I slept like a baby.”
“I’m not tired, I guess,” Lucky replied, shrugging.  “I could use a sandwich, though.  Turkey and cheese…add a pickle?”
“Not going to happen,” Scott explained, beginning to walk again.  “I want you hungry and weak.  I will make you a deal.  I will make the perfect, best tasting sandwich you’ve every hand the moment you tell me what I want to know.  Sound good?  Sound like a plan?”
Lucky shrugged innocently.  “I don’t know what you want me to say, young Walters.  I don’t know what kind of answers you believe that I have.  I don’t even remember the question.  I don’t think I am as intelligent or in-the-know as you may think.”
Scott was instantly in the chair across from Lucky and glaring into his face.  “Why are you fucking with my head?  I didn’t want any of this.  I don’t need this shit.  But here I am…a killer…sitting in front of a mass killer.”
“I’ve never killed anyone,” Lucky said.
“True,” Scott admitted.  “You have someone else do it for you.  You didn’t think that I have done my research?  You think that your own daughter didn’t tell me tale after tale about the sick and depraved things that you have done, all for the sake of money and power?  You are the fucked up one here, the villain in this story.”
“Are you trying to blame me for what you did?” Lucky asked.  “We just met, Scott.  How would I have anything to do with you killing people?”
“I killed them in self-defense,” Scott told him.  “And you know it.  I just want to understand…why…how?  It seems so…I don’t know.  I don’t understand.  I need to understand.”  
“Why?  Why do you need to understand…anything?”
“How could I not?”  Ashe pulled the black and gold container from his pocket and showed it to Lucky.  “I took this pill and it showed me how I was going to die.  It was…a vision.  I don’t know if I can call it God…but I need to be able to call it…something.  I need to call it something.  And you can help me with that.  The pill came from you.  Where did you get it?  How can it do what it did?”
“Where did you get it?”
“Bam gave it to me,” Scott replied and regretted giving the man any information.  “But that doesn’t matter.”
“It does matter,” Lucky said.  “That little pill doesn’t come into your life without a purpose.”  
“It came from you,” Scott explained.  
“And she took one too?” Lucky inquired, fidgeting his body in the chair.  
“Yea.  She told me she did.  What does that matter?”  Scott grew restless and couldn’t remain sitting.  He had to stand.  Maybe if he moved his feet then his mind would move along with it.  But then even when he was moving, mentally or physically, he seemed only to move in circles, round and round, as if trapped in a loop, no end or solution in sight.  
“If she knew what it did, then why did she trick you into taking it?” Lucky asked. 
“She didn’t trick me,” Ashe argued.  Did she?  No.  He would not question Bam.  She was the only rock that was keeping him from being pulled by the strong-handed current away from land and out into the depth of the cold, grim sea.
“It doesn’t matter,” Scott insisted.  “She got it from you.  It all comes back to you.  Everything comes back to you.”
“It comes through me,” Lucky revealed.  “The pill didn’t start with me.”
Scott began a shorter pace, more controlled. “Where did it start?  Where did it come from?”
“I have no idea,” Lucky responded.
Scott halted his laps, but didn’t confront the man.  By the expression on Lucky’s face, along with the short-lived absence of the smirk, Scott knew that the man could actually be telling the truth, for once.  Lucky Barrett, the mobster with the yellow car and yellow tie, had given him a straightforward, truthful answer.  But even though it was an answer, the revelation wasn’t what Scott wanted to hear.  He wasn’t sure what exactly he had wanted to hear, but he knew that he needed something more solid, something for him to actually touch and grab hold of.
Lucky Barrett began to give Scott a cold stare. “How did my sweetheart Amber get the pill?  She has been avoiding me like the plague ever since she became an adult.  And I have kept my distance from her, as well.  So…how did she come across our little pill?  They are not passing it out at the street corner, my dear boy.”
Scott was silent.
“On top of that, how did she know about the meeting at the park, the one in which you crashed with extreme prejudice?” Lucky continued to question.  “I’m pretty sure that the information came from my sweet daughter.  Think about it for one simple second.  She is a Barrett, after all.  And a Barrett doesn’t even take a shit without a plan or purpose in mind.”
“She is nothing like you or the rest of your family,” Scott barked.
“I am in this chair,” Lucky stated.  “Maybe that was the end game all along.”
“You’re wrong.”
“Nature versus nurture,” Lucky stated.  “The nature of a person can be hard, if not impossible, to deny.  Nature can be a real heartless bitch, sometimes, my boy.”
“I know her,” Scott insisted.
“Do you?  Don’t be so sure, young man,” Lucky said.  “Everyone is like an onion, with layers, and all we know of them is a layer or two down, but we rarely see the deeper layers, the ones that stink and bring tears to your eyes.  I’ve known many people in my lifetime, but I have also never known a single other person, outside of my own self.”  He paused briefly.  “How do know she even took the pill herself?” 
He thought about that, too.  Bam had taken the pill three days before he had come to him with it.  He had not been present to see her do it.  What did that mean?  Did it mean anything?  Of course it didn’t.  He once again became mad at himself for letting doubt seep into his mind like a dark sludge oozing through the cracks that Lucky was trying to create.  It would not work.  Bam had taken the pill, too.  Why would she have lied about it?
“Why would she have lied?” Lucky said, mirroring Scott’s own thoughts.  “Are you a killer, Scott?”
Scott was caught off guard.  “No,” he choked.  “I’m not a killer.”
“Why do you think you killed someone, then?”
For a moment, Scott couldn’t speak.  He just began to pace again, his feet clopping against the wooden floorboards.  “What do you mean?  I know that I killed someone…because I killed someone.  I put a gun to my roommate’s head and pulled the trigger.  I can still see the blood exploding from his scalp.  I can see all of the blood that I’ve spilt over past days.  My hands will never be clean of it.  Never.”
	“Are you sure?”
	“Am I sure what?”
	“Are you sure that you killed anyone?” Lucky asked.  “If you are not a killer…then why would you kill someone?  It doesn’t make sense.”
	“It doesn’t make sense,” Scott agreed.  His mind felt like it was full of static.  The buzzing surged around in his head, shocking his thoughts.  He wasn’t the kind of person that would murder…but he knew that he had killed Owen, the two thugs, and most likely Lucky’s hired gun.
	“You took a pill,” Lucky began.  “One that you didn’t understand.  What makes the most sense, Scott?  That you had vision of your own death, which put you on a spree where you have shot and killed three…four people?  Or that you are having a bad trip, caused by some nasty drug you just ingested?  Are you on a mission from God, Scott, or some higher power that granted you an out of body experience before revealing to you the details of your own death?  Or are you in your apartment, dealing with a bad trip brought on by some wicked, dirty drug?  Think about the events since you took that pill.  Really think about it.  Do you see what I am saying?”
	Scott did.  It became of jumble of desperate images and actions.  
“Surreal,” he mumbled.
“Unreal,” Lucky stated.  “Not just surreal…but unreal.  As in…a hallucination.  As in…none of this is happening, right now.  Isn’t it possible?  Isn’t it?”
“Yes,” Scott accepted.  “No,” he corrected.  “I don’t know.  Fucking quit it.”
Lucky began to howl.  It almost sounded like a wolf.  And it made Scott’s hair stand up on his neck.  “This is too easy.”  He continued to roar.  “You dumb fucking kid.  Thank you for all the fun, though, Scott.  But our time is almost up.  You can’t show up with your gun blazing and take a man like me without any type of consequences.  That…my boy…is unreal.  I have a plan for everything.  Everything.”
“What the hell are you talking about?”
“I appreciate the pill and understand the implications…the consequences of events, because things unfold like a chain, seemingly random but not.  With practice, I have armed myself against possibilities…of all shapes and sizes.  I have learned to arm myself against…destiny…if you want to call it that.  I have become one well-thought-out son of a bitch,” Lucky said, his laughing fit dying down.  “It comes from years of dodging bullets.”  He glanced down at his arm.  Scott halted his pacing and followed Lucky’s line of sight.  There was a small scar on Lucky’s upper arm, one that Scott had easily overlooked.  “GPS device.  In the meat of my arm.  If I were to ever get abducted, my friends would know.  They will then monitor the police while cleaning up any loose ends they deem necessary.  They will throw the police off my adductor or abductors trail, because I do not need the cops to come to my rescue.  And then, once things are clear…they are to come…and get me.”
“How are you going to explain that to the police?  Our blood will be on your hands,” Scott informed.  “No getting around it.”
Lucky came back with, “I’m sure that I could come up with a scenario that explains why my kidnappers are dead.”
“What if your men get here too late?  What if I had already killed you?”
The uproar of laughing returned.  “I would have seen it coming,” he replied.  “Even if there was a slim chance of it…I would have seen.  The pill would have showed me.”
“But our future is not set,” Scott said.  “I was supposed to be killed by Owen.  And I changed that.  I could still decide to kill you.”
Suddenly, the single lamp that was lighting the living room went out.  Light was instantly sucked away, leaving blackness in its place, engulfing the entire house.  All flowing thoughts turned still inside of Scott.  
Oh shit.
“Too late,” Lucky reported, continuing to chuckle.
Bam was upstairs asleep, vulnerable. She would be unaware of what was about to take place. Everything inside of Scott told him to get to Bam at any cost.  If Lucky’s men were making their way into the house, like snakes in the dark, he had but a few seconds to get to her and hunker down for the looming fight.  They would have to barricade themselves in the bedroom with their backs to the wall.  It would be their only chance.
Where was the handgun that he had had early?  Scott tried to remember.
A little yellow illumination barely broke through the room’s curtains, coming from a streetlight across the road, giving Scott’s eyes just enough for his pupils to slightly expand.  He could make out the outline of Lucky, who he believed was still facing him.  Scott couldn’t fully see Lucky’s head but he was sure that the man was staring, maybe even glaring.  His help had arrived.  He was indeed king of the castle, with all the power in his mighty grip.
Going to Bam would involve leaving his prisoner behind, but he didn’t have much choice. Killers were at his doorstep and Lucky Barrett would have his way, or so Scott believed.  But he would make sure to give them hell in return.  He might just make it out of the whole mess alive. 
Not likely, he immediately admitted.
Rustling sounds came from the kitchen.  Creaking.  Shuffling.  Scott tensed.  A footstep?  Possibly.  Scott took a step toward the staircase.  Another step.  The gun was upstairs, he recalled.  Damn.  He took another slow step.  The figure of a person suddenly appeared in the entranceway between the living room and kitchen.  Scott instantly went into a startled action, bolting toward the steps.  As he rushed he heard a soft explosion of air.  A gunpowder flash.  Something hard fractured the hardwood at his feet, barely missing Scott’s body.
Scott took the steps two at a time, as fast as he could manage, up and away from the man and toward Bam.  

Chapter 51

Oscar was a man of his word and called the Oak Hill PD along with Detective Phillips as they pulled along the road a couple house down from the address that Ginger had managed to scrounge up.  He told Ashe that the local law were on their way and would be a few minutes behind them.  That comforted Ashe.  They would have back up, but they would also be the front line, taking point and calling the immediate shots, instead of some possible gun happy strangers with a name to make for themselves by capturing or killing a known fugitive.  Ignorance in their current situation could put Scott in more danger than he was already in.  Even everything seemed to be thrown into disarray and disorder, he felt better to be the first one to enter the insanity, instead of the other men with guns and badges.
 After getting out of Oscar’s car, Ashe was instantly tense.  He glanced down the road to the small house where Scott might be.  He couldn’t make out any lights from where they stood, which only gave him a view of the side of the building.  The house appeared to be dark, but that might prove wrong whenever they got closer.  It also seemed quiet from their distance, but when they grew nearer that assessment could also change, as well.  He didn’t know what would be waiting inside the house, if anything at all.  At that point, anything could take place from that point on out.  
Oscar called Ashe to the back of his car.  As Ashe came around, he noticed that the detective again had the trunk open.  Reaching over to the psychologist, Oscar handed Ashe a heavy black vest.  It had the words POLICE scrolled across the front and back.  Slipping off his blue windbreaker, Ashe put on the bulletproof clothing before slipping the windbreaker back on over it.
“You still know how to shoot?” Oscar asked in a low voice.
Ashe nodded.  “I still go to the range.”  He then stubbornly added, “But I don’t want any gun.”
“We don’t know what is going on inside of that house,” Oscar insisted, with his usual tone of authority.  “You are going in armed or you are going to stay right here by the car.  You’re choice.  You can’t be naïve enough to deny the possibility that Scott could be too far gone to trust.”  The detective always kept a metal gun safe in the back of his vehicle, sealed shut and kept shut by a keypad lock.  Reaching in, he unlocked the miniature safe by punching a short number code into the keypad.  He then opened it, letting Ashe grab a glimpse inside.  He saw two small handguns and what might have been several extra clips.  After snatching up what Ashe believed could have been a small 9 millimeter, along with an extra clip, Oscar went to hand the pistol and clip over to him.  “Take it?”
Reluctantly, Ashe accepted the gun.  And that was when he remembered the handgun on Oscar’s belt.  He glanced at the solid peace of hardware on his old friend’s hip.  Black metal.  Wood grip.  It was a Browning Hi-Power.  Ashe only knew the name because he was present when his friend had raised the money to buy.  He was also present when he was finally cleared by the police higher-ups to use the piece while on duty, even though it was not the standard issued weapon but his own personal one instead.  It was always on Oscars hip, as if it was another appendage, which was why Ashe had actually forgotten about its existence.  
With the small gun heavy in his hand and the larger gun familiar on Oscar’s hip, reality was beginning to sink deeper into Ashe’s brain.  
“What have you done, Scott?” he mumbled under his breath.
Ashe kept the gun out, instead of hiding it under his windbreaker.  The safety was on.  He put the extra clip in the pocket of his windbreaker.
“The gun is loaded,” Oscar informed Ashe, even though the psychologist was fully aware of the fact.  “You just need to put the first shell into the chamber.”
Ashe nodded and slid the bullet into place.
Once Oscar had his vest on, he ordered Ashe to follow him, not beside but behind.  Ashe listened, as always, remaining a foot behind the detective, handgun pointed safely at the ground, but ready for anything that might come their ways.
  As they walked slowly up the road, Ashe felt his senses heighten.  He could hear their feet crunching against the street.  He could see better, more fully into the night, the colors of the homes, the glare of the streetlights, and the stillness of the town’s calm block.  He could smell the fallen water that sat all around them.  He could feel the constant chilled breeze that continuously swept across his cheek.  And he all at once felt the rain as it suddenly began to pour down on them again.  
“Fuck,” Oscar swore.  “We could have done without that.”
Ashe concurred completely.
Thankfully, the windbreakers had hoods, but hoods could affect their sight, give them tunnel vision.  Ashe pulled up his hood anyway to block out the pounding rain, but Oscar chose to fight against it and leave his hood hanging at his back.  Ashe became slightly guilty for having his hood up, because it suddenly didn’t seem all that brave.  And he wanted to be brave for his son.  But he also figured that the rain could affect their sight as much as a hood.  So, his hood remained over his head while Oscar’s continued to hang unused.
	They eventually reached the dark house where Amber Barrett supposedly rested her head.  Leaving the road, they began to cautiously creep up and over a gray sidewalk and onto the driveway of the dark structure.  
The house was an underwhelming two-story building.  It was covered by pale vinyl siding, several years old by the wear on the surface.  The windows seemed short but thick and sturdy, modern, maybe, possibly installed within the last year or so.  The grass of the front yard was mowed regularly.   Hedges lined the driveway and they were also maintained on a regular schedule.  Two vehicle garage.  The house reminded Ashe a little of his own home.  Over all, just like his own home, the building appeared utterly harmless, as if an old couple were living out their golden years inside.
The looks were most likely deceiving.  Ashe tightened his grip on the handle of his gun.
Using the driveway would be quieter than slopping through the puddles of the drenched front lawn, Ashe understood.  It wasn’t the first house that Ashe had slithered up to in the dead of night.  He knew the drill.  He knew it well.  They would follow the path of least resistance and less noise.  Stealth was the key.  And they would only have the ability of stealth until Oak Hill PD showed up with their light flashing, so they needed to take advantage of the surprise while they had it. 
He wished there was a way that they could talk the Oak Hill’s finest into approaching the situation like Oscar and himself had, with ease and subtlety.  That wouldn’t happen, though, Ashe was sure of it.  Oak Hill PD would view it only as a hostage situation and approach it as such, with force, containment, and communication.  It was protocol, one that Ashe and Oscar were breaking by acting as they were.
There didn’t seem to be any rules or regulations that Ashe had not broken in the past couple of day.  It didn’t matter to Ashe.  It apparently didn’t matter to Oscar, either, and he was a police officer and had the most to lose by spitting in the face of regulations.  The detective was aware of it, of course, and yet he still continued up the driveway toward the quiet house.  Ashe was grateful to his friend, who was risking a lot for his son, more grateful than he could or would say. 
 Oscar would never accept his gratitude.  He was that kind of man.
Ginger had found out that the house had once belonged to Eustace Barrett, formerly Eustace Stead, the grandmother of Lucky Barrett and the great grandmother of Amber Barrett.  Ginger explained that Eustace Barrett and her parents had moved into the house when she had been a young child.  The house had remained in the family, becoming one of the many homes that the Barrett empire owned.  It was no mansion or castle or penthouse in the city, like most of the richer members of the family lived in, but for some reason Eustace Barrett had held onto to it her entire life.  Even after her death the house remained in her name, perhaps due to some sentimental factor, or small writing at the bottom of her most-likely thick final will and testament.  Whatever the reason, the house stuck around long enough for Amber Barrett to take over residence.
While moving up the driveway, across the bushes that lined it, and along the sidewalk that led to the front porch, Ashe tried to get a quality look into the nearby windows.  Through what was most likely the living room windows, a slight light could be seen.  He wanted to get closer to those windows so that he could take a peek into the building.  But he stayed quietly behind Oscar, patiently stepping in unison with the detective.  
	The concrete walkway that connected the driveway to the front porch was also lined with thick bushes, expertly trimmed and snipped.  
Ashe and Oscar took gentle steps up and onto the porch, trying not to make any unwanted ruckus.  Luckily, it didn’t squeak under the pressure of the two men’s girth.  The porch seemed strong and sturdy and spanned the entire front of the house.  It had a wooden swing and a narrow wooden table with wooden chairs that seemed to be made of the same dark wood as the porch.  Even though the siding and windows of the house was modern and mass produced in some factory, the craftsmanship of the porch, swing, table and chairs was old school and beautiful, as only classically and passionately sculpted pieces of woodwork could be.  Ashe couldn’t help to admire the art.  He then tried to picture how the building had looked when Eustace’s family had first moved in, many years ago.
	Behind the swing were a set of low lying windows, the ones that Ashe had been eyeing.  The living room windows, or so he assumed.  The curtains had been drawn tight, but the dim light, the one that had caught Ashe’s attention, could still be seen, barely.  
Ashe parted from Oscar, who had snuck up beside the closed front door.  Ashe took a couple seconds to slouch down and attempt a peek through the windows, hoping to catch sight of someone inside.  The curtains were a little thick, but the fabric was not dark in color, allowing the little bit of light, which appeared to be coming from a lamp, to help Ashe make out vague shapes and outlines.  He could barely make out a person, who seemed to be standing in front of a bent over figure. The figure was most likely sitting in a chair or on a couch.  He couldn’t tell.   Ashe also could not hear any voices or sounds from within the house over the pounding rain, which was slamming full force onto the roof and across the concrete of the road and sidewalk.  He couldn’t make out any sounds from within, no matter how hard he strained to listen.
	“I think I see Scott,” Ashe whispered to Oscar.  He wasn’t sure if his words made it through the rain.  “I can’t tell, though.  I see what might be two people.  I’m not sure.”
	The subtle light of the lamp was suddenly extinguished, leaving the windows as dark as the others.  It was unexpected and strange.  To Ashe, something instantly felt off about the sudden plunge into darkness.  While he was watching, neither of the figures had appeared to move.  Who turned off the light, then?  And why?  Whatever the reason, it could not have been a good one.
	“Something is not right,” Ash told Oscar.  And then he saw a quick flash toward the back of the darkness.  During the brief moment of the flash, he saw a shadow rushing away.  “A gunshot?  I think I just saw a muzzle flash, Oscar.”
	“I didn’t hear anything,” Oscar replied.
	“Silencer?  We need to get in there.  Now,” Ashe insisted while already moving off the porch and toward the corner of the house.  Oscar began to take up the rear, following the psychologist that time.  It was a change but Ashe didn’t care.  He couldn’t have stopped to give the police officer point but refused.  He had to get to his son.  He had a gut feeling…and he long ago learned to listen to his gut instincts when it came to certain types of situations.
	Being quick and being soundless rarely went hand-in-hand, but Ashe tried his most damndest to accomplish both.  Around the side of the house was a tall wooden fence, crafted from same expertise and dark wood as the porch and porch furniture.  There was a gate and Ashe immediately inspected the lock that held the gate closed, which was a common metal lock that clamped shut and unlocked with a small flimsy key.  Even though the little lock was holding the gate closed, it was not engaged.
	In a low voice, Ashe pointed out that “Someone cut the lock.”  He switched off the safety of his gun and advised Oscar to do the same.  Without Ashe realizing, Oscar’s Browning had already been drawn and the safety had been flipped off.  The detective had also smelled trouble, his nose being bread and buttered for the scent.  It was in the air like a thick musk.
	Hoping the hinges wouldn’t creek, Ashe completely removed the useless lock and nudged the gate forward slightly, only enough so that he could steal a glimpse behind the gate.  Thankfully, the hinges remained silent, never alerting the two men that were standing directly beyond the wooden fence.  He could barely make out their forms.  From what Ashe could tell, the men were dressed in all black, from their boots to their jackets to their hats to the long barreled handguns in their clutches, which were obviously tipped with metal silencers.  The men were looking away from the fence at the back of the house.  Upon seeing them, Ashe’s stomach tightened at the sight of the silencers.  
Professionals, he knew
	Who were the men?  Lucky’s men must have located him somehow and they have come to get their boss…and kill Scott and Bam in the process.  Ashe refused to let that happen.  Refused.  The only way that his son and his son’s girlfriend, Ashe told himself, were going to die was if he went along with them, fighting the whole way down.
	Pushing himself back away from the gate, Ashe held two fingers up to Oscar, letting him know about the men.  Armed, he mouthed.  Oscar nodded his understanding and held his pistol at attention, the barrel pointing forward.  Ashe did as well.  It was hard for him to breathe and harder for him to think clear, but Ashe knew he was going to have to put his thinking brain to bed and rely only on immediate actions and reactions, those would be what would save their lives and save his son.  Trying to think his way through a gunfight would get him shot in the face, and he wasn’t about to die, not just yet.
	Oscar edged his way to the gate, trading positions with Ashe. He would act first and Ashe would follow the lead, which was the way it should be.  They would have surprise over the two professional assassins, but only for the first initial seconds.  Once those seconds were gone, Ashe and Oscar would either be dead or alive.  
	Without giving Ashe a signal, Oscar was inching his body through the gate, Browning still at the ready.  Ashe knew to be on his friend’s back, mirroring the experienced detective’s movements.  Ashe had had previous confrontations, ones where force and artillery were needed, but Oscar would always be the superior in combat.  Ashe would simply be his shadow, his mimic, hoping not to get dead in the process.
The two men were a couple of feet from the fence’s gate and Oscar remained crouching, quiet and nimble, as he lurked up from behind.  Oscar became a blur of movement as he swiftly rose and stuck the killing end of his pistol to the back of the nearest assassin’s skull.  Following suit, Ashe swiftly had his own gun to the back of the other man’s head.
	“Police,” Oscar informed them in a voice that was near to a whisper.  “Drop the guns.  If you do not comply, I will empty my entire clip into your brain stem and my friend will empty his into your partner’s.  Don’t worry…we have other clips.  We may even go ahead and empty those into your dead bodies for shits and giggles.  Do you understand?”
	The man nodded.  His gun dropped to the grass.  
	“Make sure your partner understands me as well,” Oscar added.  “Or else you will both die right here, right now.”
	His partner’s gun dropped to the ground, as well.
	“What are we going to do with them, Detective?” Ashe asked, without revealing any names.
	“I’m still considering killing them both,” Oscar answered.

Chapter 52

Scott bolted up the stairs faster than he knew he could move.  Fear could speed up even the slowest legs, he guessed.  Within seconds, he was sprinting down the hall and into the master bedroom.  He leapt through the door and immediately slammed it shut behind him.  He tried to find a locking mechanism, but there wasn’t one.  God damned old houses.  He at once dismissed the idea of locked doors.  They wouldn’t do much, anyway, he figured.
The room was dark, but his eyes were swiftly adjusting to the lack of light.  He easily saw the bed, which held the still sleeping form of Bam.  She stirred.  The slamming of the door must have startled her awake.  Scott rushed over to her and began to force her to a sitting position.  “You have to get up.  You have to get up now, Bam.”  Holding her hands, he was trying to pull her to her feet, but she moved sluggishly, still partially asleep.  “Wake up, Bam.  Some bad people are here.  We have to move.”
	Her eyebrows rose.  “Cops?” 
	“No,” he answered.  “Someone else…for your dad.”
	Bam suddenly became awake and aware, out of the bed and onto her bare feet.  She instantly understood what the words meant, that some people had come for her dad.  It also meant that those people had come for them as well.  That could not be good.  “That ain’t good,” she said, speaking her mind.  “We have to move.  But where are we going to go?”
	Scott snatched the handgun from stand at the side of the bed.  He checked it, making sure that it was loaded, off safety, and primed to shoot at people.  Pointing it at the closed door, he considered standing his ground right there.  The door was the only entrance and exit.  He could shoot at any one that attempted entry into the room.  But would that work?  He didn’t know.  He wasn’t a cop.  He wasn’t a soldier.  He was just a college kid.  And he couldn’t risk having a shootout in such tight spaces, especially with Bam in that same tight space.  She would most likely get hit during the exchange of bullets.
	Instead, he went to the room’s single window.  Through the glass, the night was laid out before him, calm and seemingly harmless.  Scott couldn’t see anything suspicious at the front of the house.  There was only the peaceful street, the other homes, and the neighbors well kempt lawns.  No black SUV.  No armed men standing and aiming assault rifles up at him.  Only pouring rain.  Only the illusion of safety.  
	He was sure that the safety was fake, but Scott knew that he had to take a chance.  
	He reached out his hand to Bam.  “Let’s go.”
	“Out the window?”  She took a step back from him.
	“We don’t have a choice,” Scott urged her.  “Men with guns will be at that door any second.”  Unlocking the window, he slid the glass upward and then waved Bam over.  She came to him and then peered out.  Her nerves were on edge and her fear was written in sweat and goosebumps all over the surface of her skin.  Scott handed her the pistol, forcing her to grip its butt.  “If we get separated…I want you to have this.  Don’t argue.  No time.”  
	Before Bam could attempt to hand the gun back, Scott took a hold of her waist and began to help her in climbing out.  He slowly managed to lower her down onto the slightly arched top of the porch, which sat three feet below the window.  While finding footing on the wooden surface of the porch top, Bam tried to keep the gun close to her chest.
	A loud gunshot exploded from behind the house.  The shot startled Bam and her bare feet, which had just touched down onto the top of the slick porch, started to slip and slid on the wet wood.  She tried to regain her composure in order to gain a solid stance, but the smooth skin of feet couldn’t find a grip.  She stumbled atop the slight arch of the porch and fell sideways toward the ground.
“Bam!”  Scott shouted, cringing as his girlfriend, his love, hit the concrete of the wide sidewalk.  
Scott went to put one leg out of the window but never got the chance.  The door behind him busted open.  He turned as a darkly clothed assassin, dressed in black from head to gun, entered the room.  Before the assassin could fire his weapon at Scott, Scott went into action.  He jumped to the bed and grabbed a thick pillow.  Without stopping, he tossed the pillow at man’s face.  The man flinched with uncontrollable reflex, granting Scott a fleeting advantage.  Scott lunged his full body at the assassin, but the professional killer recovered in a fraction of a second and intercepted Scott’s attack by using the butt of the gun as a blunt weapon.  He struck Scott across the face, causing Scott to immediately stumble backward.  The man didn’t shoot Scott, as Scott expected, but kicked him swiftly in the stomach.  Breath was forced from Scott’s lungs and he couldn’t stop himself from falling to his knees.  He tried to get back up and strike with a punch, but the assassin easily batted away Scott’s attempt before putting a left-cross to the side of Scott’s head, causing Scott to become dizzy.  
Another strike with the bottom of the assassin’s gun caught Scott at his right temple, causing consciousness to leave the overpowered college student.

Chapter 53

“What are we going to do with them, Detective?” Ashe asked without revealing any names.
“I’m still considering killing them,” Oscar answered.
The onslaught of rain seemed to grow more and more intense and Ashe worried about the handgun slipping away from his wet grip.  Tightening his fingers, he pressed the weapon harder against the back of the man’s scalp.  The psychologist was never quick to use guns.  Instead he tried to use his intellect to solve dilemmas, but, like the current situation, there have been quite a few moments were brain power fell short and the need for firepower seemed to be unavoidable.  However, even in those dire, those desperate circumstances, Ashe still regretted the need of a gun, the need of violence in order to end violence.  
Did that make him weak?  Ashe wondered.  Should he, as a man, feel comfortable with a gun gripped in his palm?  It didn’t matter.  No matter how many firearm classes and training programs he completed, he would never feel comfortable while pointing a gun at another human being.  It should never happen.  
And yet, Ashe found himself pushing the barrel of the 9mm harder and harder into the scalp of the assassin, one hired to find and possibly kill Scott, his son, along with Amber Barrett, Lucky Barrett’s own daughter.  Considering his son and what had brought him to that backyard, he chose not to lower the gun or pull it away.  He continued to shove it harder and deeper against the assassin’s vulnerable flesh.  Anger swelled up in the arms and face of the peaceful psychologist.  He aggressively desired to push and push the gun until the man was forced to cry out in pain.  He wanted to make it hurt.  He wanted to make the man hurt very badly.  
Glancing at Oscar, Ashe wondered why his old friend had pulled his weapon nearly a foot back and was currently positioning the barrel of the Browning behind the other assassin’s head, instead of against the skin, as he was doing.  He then remembered why.  But the mistake dawned on him too late to correct it.  
The killer in black put the weight of his head back against Ashe’s gun and then spun his head and body promptly sideways.  In reaction, Ashe’s finger flexed against the trigger, firing the weapon.  But the barrel of his gun was suddenly facing an empty space where the man’s head once had been, causing the bullet to ridiculously miss its intended target.  
The shot echoed and caused ringing in Ashe’s ears.
The unexpected discharge of the gun surprised Oscar, taking his attention from the killer in front of him.  The killer elbowed the detective with a quick thrust, causing Oscars arms and his gun to swing out wildly.  Oscar tried to bring the gun back around, but the killer twisted his torso and kicked Oscar on the top of his knee, causing the detective to crumple down to a kneeling position.  Another well-aimed kick tossed the gun several feet out into the backyard.  The assassin then jabbed twice at Oscar’s face, hitting him both times in the jaw.
	In nearly a second of time, as Ashe watched from the corner of his eye, his old friend was effortlessly put to the ground by the expert killer.  Within that same second, Ashe tried to strike out against the one that had easily dodged his own attack, trying to recover from the blunder, but the killer was ready.  After slapping Ashe’s punch away, the assassin grabbed onto Ashe’s wrists, twisting it painfully until the handgun fell away.  While the gun dropped lifeless toward the grass, the man in black kicked at Ashe, but the psychologist had a surprise for the killer.
	Ashe forcefully grabbed hold of the killer’s ankle and immediately twisted it in an awkward right angle.  Sliding his foot outward, Ashe was able to knock the assassin’s other leg out from under him.  The killer dropped in surprise and Ashe stomped hard onto the nearest leg, planting his foot down onto the side of knee as hard as he could, cause the man to cry out.  
The sound was glorious.
	Just because Ashe didn’t like violence, didn’t mean that he wasn’t capable of any.  Franklin Barrett was correct.  Everyone is capable of violence.  With Steven Reynolds always in the back of his mind, he never stopped training, whether it was at the gun range or martial arts dojo.  He would be prepared wherever and whenever his wife’s killer returned.  And against his own nature, Ashe would kill Steven Reynolds in many violent and painful ways.  
	From the side he heard the rushing of the other trained killer.  Ashe let gravity take him to his butt, where he knew he would find the silenced pistol that had been dropped.  But the killed that was running at him had also retrieved a pistol from the grass.  It too was capped with an elongated piece of metal, used to silence the tell-tale sound of exploding gunpowder.  The killer and psychologist raised their guns as if they were about to play a modern version of joust.  Or a messed up version of an old west style duel.
Both men aimed and fired.  
Ashe felt the impact of two bullets against his vest.  His own shot had missed.  Holding a deep, strained breath, Ashe pushed away the pain and fired again immediately.  The trained killer was nearly on top of Ashe when his face was jolted back by the impact of Ashe’s quiet bullet.  Ashe continued to pull the trigger in rapid succession until all the was left was the clicking of an empty weapon.  Blood and flesh from the assassin’s face back splashed against the surface of Ashe’s blue windbreaker, speckling it with streaks of blood and specks of skin.  Swiftly rolling to the left, Ashe was able avoid the killer’s lifeless, faceless body as it took a dive onto the wet ground.
Still holding his breath, Ashe turned to the other killer, hoping that the leg he had stomped would have kept the man down.  But Ashe knew better and was not surprised to see that the assassin was back on his feet and close to the 9 mm that Ashe had lost.  Before the psychologist had a chance to aim his new weapon at the killer, Ashe saw a shadow spring to life.  Oscar sprinted and tackled the remaining hired killer, throwing his shoulders against the man’s pelvis.  After taking the killer down, Oscar scrambled on top and began to hit the man in the face.  Again.  Again.  And again.  He stopped long before the man was dead, but there was still a good deal of damage to be seen.
Using his strong arms, Oscar flipped the killer over to the stomach.  He brought the man’s hands behind his back and restrained him using a police-issued zip tie that he quickly pulled from his waist, from his belt. “You are under arrest,” Oscar mumbled.  “You have the right to shut the fuck up and bleed.”  
The killer was unconscious.  He didn’t resist the arrest. 
Oscar stumbled over to the psychologist.  “You okay, Ashe?”  Oscar helped him to his feet.  Ashe then dropped the empty, useless weapon.
	Ashe didn’t have time to respond.  A series of approaching lights, flashing blue and red, drew their attention.  Oak Hill PD were arriving and they would need an explanation, what little bit that Ashe and Oscar could put into short and swift words.  It would be hard to get any outside law enforcement to understand all the things that was taking place.  They would have to keep it simple and exact.  Straight forward.
	“We need to go to them,” Oscar told Ashe.  “We should brief them.  We can figure out a way to breach the house once we establish a foothold.”
	“It’ll take too much time.  That will put Scott in more danger,” Ashe replied.
	Glancing at the unconscious killer, Oscar insisted, “How could he get into any more trouble?  This is serious shit.  These are serious guys.  I am not going in guns blazing…from this point on…I mean.  It was a mistake trying to be a hero.  We have no idea what is going on inside that house and I’m pretty sure that our surprise advantage is long gone.  Are you with me?”
	“You’re right,” Ashe said. “This was dumb.  But I can’t help but to rush in when my son is in trouble.  People are dying.  I don’t know what to do, Oscar.  There doesn’t seem to be any answers.”
“We can make a plan,” the detective said.  “We just need to stop and think.”
While pointing to the still living but unconscious assassin, Ashe asked, “What do we do with him?”
	Reacting to Ashe’s question, Oscar tied the killer’s legs with another zip tie.  “He won’t be going anywhere.”  
	Ashe nodded.  “Do you have any more of those ties?  They seem to come in handy.”
	Oscar handed him a couple, which he slid into a pocket of his jacket.  
“Right behind you,” the psychologist said.  He let his old friend take the lead.  Once Oscar had crossed through the gate, he slammed it shut.  He hastily slipped a zip tie through a board of the fence and one of the gate.  Pulling hard, he heard the teeth of the tie as they gripped, locking the gate in place.  “This isn’t your fight, my friend.”
“Damn it,” Oscar swore, watching as Ashe put the other zip tie into place, all while thinking about the sharp knife that he had at his waist.  
 A spree of gunshot suddenly roared to life from the front of the house.  
“Damn it,” the detective swore again, forgetting about his knife.  “I hope you know what you are doing, Ashe,” Swearing one last time, Oscar turned and ran off toward the shooting.
After Oscar was out of sight, Ashe went to the back door, on the way grabbing the other silenced weapon.  The door had a very small window, one that was curtainless.  Ashe was able to see through it and into the kitchen.  The darkened area was empty, no assassins standing guard.  He checked the knob and found it unlocked, which he had expected.  He listened but didn’t hear any voices coming from the other side of the door.  Carefully, he turned the knob and let himself in.  He immediately heard voices in the distance.  He also saw a new light coming from the next room…most likely the living room.

Chapter 54

Bam was disoriented.  The rain was still falling when she opened her eyes.  Confused, she tried to remember where she was and how she got there.  It was all jumbled together inside of her throbbing head.  Trying to gain her bearings, she attempted sitting up, but the world swam and made it difficult.  
She tried to shake it away.  
Flashing red and blue lights reflecting off the vinyl siding of her home caught her attention and sent panic into the cheeks of her face.  Police cars began to skid to a stop along the street.  Bam didn’t hear the car doors open or the police men and women shouting at her.  Their voices didn’t penetrate the wall of rain and fear.  The only thing that she knew for sure was that the red and blue lights were swirling around and around.  Around and around.
She struggled and managed to awkwardly rise to her feet. The police men and women began to scream louder and louder, but she still couldn’t understand what they were saying. Bam went to raise her hands up high, admitting surrender.  But she didn’t remember the gun, which was still in her hands.  She had forgotten it entirely.  When her hand moved, the gun gleamed with light from one of the street lamps.  
She instantly wanted to cry out…NOOOOO…but her confused mouth wouldn’t function quickly enough.  She never got out the plea and the police men and women had no choice but to fire at their attacker.  They had no choice.  Bam was hit hard in the chest and stomach, ripping apart her heart and guts.  She died seconds after returning to the concrete of the sidewalk.  And as her life left her, her mind and sight were filled with a combination of confusion and the swirling red and blue lights.


Chapter 55

“The cops just shot your daughter dead, boss,” Ashe heard from the living room.  The kitchen was completely obscured due to lack of light.  He used the darkness to conceal his presence from the men in the other room.  He didn’t know how many men there were and he didn’t believe that he should announce himself until he was sure he could whatever waited for him.  
“Bam is dead?” Scott cried out.  Ashe heard what sounded like the legs of a chair beginning to bang and scrape against a wooden floor.  His son was throwing a fit at the stated death of his girlfriend.  He was bouncing on a chair which Ashe immediately assumed his son was bound to. Or else Scott would simply stand to express his anger.  Instead, Scott continued to squirm and cause a violent racket.  “I’m going to fucking kill you.  This is your fault you fucking bastard.”  What came next was a guttural wail, one that sounded more animal than man.  Ashe could hear the pure agony in the bellow.  
Ashe’s heart broke right along with that of his son. 
Someone from the left side of the room laughed at Scott’s pain.
Lucky Barrett, Ashe ascertained.
The psychologist edged closer the entranceway, the open space dividing the living room and the kitchen, trying to get an eye or two on what was going on.  He inched.  He inched a little more.  He inched another step, coming to the corner of the fridge, which sat to the immediate left side of the tall connecting corridor.  He peeked around, the silenced gun gripped tight.  He forced himself to remember keep his finger clear of the trigger under he was ready to kill.  With the amount of tension in the muscles of his hand, the hair trigger would surely be brushed and the pistol would prematurely go off.  The men might not hear the silenced explosion, but Ashe was positive that they would see the muzzle flash, like he had witnessed it while peering through the house’s front windows.
The lack of light in the kitchen created a heavy blackness, one that was ominous and foreboding.  Ashe had little doubt that the power had been disabled, either it was cut or simply turned off somehow, either by the men outside or by whatever men had breached the house.  
Upon entering the dark kitchen, he briefly registered that there had not been any digital numbers displayed on the microwave and that the fridge had not been making any mechanical sounds of cooling.  The fridge was one machine that always ran…always.   He had been in many homes where a major storm, like that of a lake effect blizzard coming off Lake Erie, had knocked out power.  Electricity the surged through a home created low laying hum, one that was barely more than a feeling or impression that was often forgotten due to the constant and every day exposure one had to it.  It was not until its absence was felt during a power outage that one remembered that it had even existed.  Ashe had recognized that absence the moment that he had entered the kitchen.
But, a light was in the living room, or what Ashe ascertained to be the living room, an assumption made by his own experiences with quaint little homes.  
Ashe took a second and listened to the house.  He listened for any signs of movement other than that coming from the living room.  There was no sense that other men lurked on the second floor.  No creaking boards overhead.  No vague murmuring from the floors above.  He still heard the drumming of the rain, however, as it continue to fall against the roof and side of the house, which might mask any potential signs of assassins lurking on the second floor.  He listened closer for any sound that might be mixed in with the tumbling drops of rain.  He still heard nothing.  It seemed to Ashe that everyone had gathered in the living room, and it came to his mind that a single wall divided them from him.  
He thought about how thin the dividing wall might be.  Thin slabs, possibly drywall, wood, and asbestos meant the difference between being hidden and being discovered, being alive and not.  His shoulders stiffened, causing his neck to hurt.  The house was old, he knew, so the walls might not be so thin, but thick and well insulated, as the walls of old homes had often been.
The thought didn’t make him feel any safer.  It was still a single wall he stood behind.  One…single…wall.
Ashe nervously glanced further into the other room, which was indeed the living room.  He could see the light source.  It was coming from a tiny, modern camping lantern, one made from plastic and shining by way of a light bulb.  It held absolutely no spark, fuel, or flame.  The thing worked entirely on a battery source.  But it burned brighter than any old fashioned lantern, like the ones he remembered using whenever he went camping as a child.  The old lanterns were dangerous, but back then, no one knew any better, or cared to.  
The modernized equivalent of a lantern had been placed on the floor.  Within the upward spray of the plastic lantern’s light, Ashe could make out a far window.  A man, dressed in exactly the same shades of black as the two outside, stood at it with his back to a drawn curtain.  He must have been looking out it when Bam was supposedly shot by Oak Hill’s finest. 
	What had happened?  He wondered.  Why would the police have shot Amber?
The idea of Amber Barrett being shot in front of her own house by those who were supposed to protect her gave Ashe a chill.  However, the police only knew what information they were given.  Whenever a lack of information existed, which it often did, police officers had to rely on their gut instincts and their trained reflexes.  They only had their own interpretation of a situation that was rapidly being thrown at them.  Interpretation and perception were the officer’s basic tools, but they were also the things that sometimes lead them astray, due to false information and an ignorance to what was actually taking place.
 When approaching the current situation, the Oak Hill PD only knew two definitive pieces of data.  A kidnapping was taking place and it was most likely turning into a hostage scenario.  And the person involved, Scott Walters, had possibly killed three people and left another man seriously wounded.  Their reflexes were wound tight and anything could set them off.  Any sign of danger and the enforcers were going to act.  And Amber had to have seemed threatening to them.  Somehow she caused the officers to act.  
It was a shame, Ashe thought.  It was all a low and dirty shame.
At the center of the living room the psychologist could make out his son.  He was bound hands and feet to a chair, as Ashe had previously inferred.  Sitting beside his leg was the lantern, illuminating Scott like a prisoner of war.  His face was red and there were tears noticeably falling down his cheeks, like the rain that was falling from the dense clouds.  Ashe could see the streaming tears because they reflected the lantern’s light, reminded him of morning dew as it caught the first rays of the sun.
Across from Scott’s chair was another one.  It was empty.  Ashe wondered what the purpose of that chair might have been.  Maybe it had been for Amber?  How had Amber made it outside while Scott was subdued, anyway?  Had Scott given her a chance to leave by sacrificing himself?  That possibility gave Ashe a faint hope, hope that his son was not completely lost, completely living on the dark side of his nature.  The pill might not have complete control after all.  
It was only a glimmer of hope.  It could end up being false, forced.  But it was hope, nonetheless.  
Ashe continued to think about Amber Barrett, a young girl he had never met, someone that his son obviously loved very intensely.  Her own father, or who Ashe believed to be Lucky Barrett, had laughed, heartily, at the news of his daughter’s needless and brutal demise.  Being gunned down by a swarm of tired and desperate police officers was not a gentle way to go.  And Lucky found it amusing?  How could someone be so cold?  Ashe would cross oceans, mine fields, walk across glass, and even take his own life in order to save his flesh and blood son.  And yet, Lucky Barrett laughed.  He laughed.  The sound of the laughter still echoed inside of Ashe’s ear canals.
He instantly hated the man.
He instantly loathed him.
Lucky chose to speak, further proving by the sound of his voice that he had indeed been the one who had laughed at Amber’s death.  “You are blaming me, Scott?  How ironic.   It was you and my daughter that had brought me here.  Wasn’t it?  My leg still hurt like a bitch, by the way.  Thank you for that scar.  I’m still glad that I didn’t bleed out in my little girl’s piece of shit Ford.”
“You created all of this,” Scott spoke back, emphasizing the direction of blame.  “You know why you are here.  And you know why Bam is dead.  You!”
“Amber seen it coming,” Lucky replied, his voice low and ominous.  
“What?” Scott blurted.
“She didn’t tell you?” Lucky asked.  Ashe continued to hear but not see Lucky Barrett, because the man remained standing somewhere to the left of where Ashe was concealed, a side that Ashe couldn’t get his eyes on without exposing himself.  “She told me.  How funny.  My daughter confided in me…the person she apparently detested most in the world…on how she was going to die.  What a personal secret for someone who hates my very being.  Wouldn’t you say?”
“Liar!” Scott hollered.  “She didn’t tell anyone.  It scared her too much.”
Lucky laughed again and Ashe’s skin crawled with the sound of it.
“Is it true,” he said, faking a sense of emotional attachment to his daughter.  “She told me the details and not you?   My precious, beautiful little girl? She trusted me with it and not you, my boy?  Maybe she even trusted me…more than you?”
Lucky was trying to play games with Scott and Ashe knew it.  He was playing on Scott’s own beliefs about the mysterious pill and he was playing on Scott’s love for Amber.  Lucky must have figured out that Scott and Amber had honestly thought that the pill showed them how they were going to die.  Scott held the idea deep down in his core.  Lucky was exploiting their certainty, their love and their misguided faith.  And he seemed to be doing it for the fun of it.
	“If you are going to kill me,” Scott said, “then just get to the killing.  Because no matter what happens to me…you are over with, Lucky.  There is no way that you are walking out of here clean and clear.  I may have taken you at gun point…but how are you going to spin all of this to your favor?  Who are these guys?  Good deed doers rushing to the aid of a man in danger?  With handguns and silencers?  Run it by me.  I will give your story a yay or nay based on its believability.”
	Ashe grinned.  His son was playing the game, too.  Good for him.
	Scott continued.  “You honestly think that the police outside are dumb enough to fall for whatever tale you tell them?  Come on, man.  And if they do, my dad will not.  He will tear to shreds whatever bullshit you try to force feed.  I bet that my old man is outside right now, foaming at the mouth to get in here.  He will not rest.  Once he has you in sights, he will come at you like a rabid Doberman.  No.  That is wrong.  My uncle, Detective Oscar Harrison, will be the dog that gets you by throat.  My dad will be the one letting him off the leash, pointing him in the direction of your soft fleshy parts.”
	“Enough!” Lucky shouted.
	“I am just trying to warn you,” Scott admitted.  “You should listen to me.  You’re fucked from all angles.”
	“The kid is right,” another voice was heard, coming from the same direction as Lucky Barrett.  There was at least another person in the living room standing near to Lucky, Ashe realized.  By the sound of his voice, the man seemed to be growing agitated and impatient.  “What is the plan?  How are we going to handle this shit?”
Ashe grew frustrated at the sound of the new, previously unknown man.  How many other armed men were standing out of his view?  One? Ten?  He needed to know.  Or he no choice but to remain hidden, possibly about to witness his son’s murder.
“I’m working on it,” Lucky replied.
“Work faster,” the hidden killer demanded.
Lucky’s tone matched that of the hidden man, aggravated.  “I give the orders.  Or have you forgotten that?  Don’t worry…you all will get your money’s worth.  I always treat my men well, don’t I?  Don’t I?”
“I can’t spend the money if I am behind bars,” the hidden assassin responded. 
 Ashe then heard shuffling.  He could not immediately tell which of the men were moving around or beginning to pace.  Suddenly, a figure appeared in the threshold a handful of inches from the psychologist’s nose.  His heart jumped up into his neck.  Thankfully, the man chose to give Ashe his back instead of his front.  The figure was that of another armed killer, it was at once certain.  The man was dressed entirely in black, like the rest.  If the man had been facing in the right direction, he would have surely noticed Ashe’s pale, peeking face, even in the darkness of the kitchen.
Slowly and cautiously, Ashe pulled himself quietly back and away, retreating into the obscurity of the kitchen.  He needed to do something.  But what?  He pictured Oscar outside, speaking with the Oak Hill police, bringing them up to speed, as best he could.  They would soon have a plan.  They would try to make contact.  That would be the first step in common hostage protocol.  They would act soon.  Ashe needed his own plan of action.  But what?
He had been in some tense positions during his years working and investigating with the YPD, some that had left him almost worshipping a God that he was almost sure didn’t actually exist, in any color or shape.  He had rushed headfirst into an abandoned factory in the middle of a winter blast in order to save a little boy named Benjamin, only Oscar at his side.  He had done crazy things like that and more, but no matter what was going down, he was never alone in the midst of the chaos.  Even when he used himself as bait to lure out a sadistic teenage boy who enjoyed gutting and then fornicating with the homeless men of Youngstown.  In that dangerous moment, he knew that that alleyway had been watched by Oscar and the rest of the homicide crew.  Ashe always had had a friend and a plan, however crazy and reckless the plan might have been.  
No plan currently existed.
Oscar was outside.
And Ashe was on his own inside.
He slowly tried to find his way back to the connecting corridor, but at once paused and changed route.  The assassin was still there, standing broad in the wooden threshold, as if guarding the back entryway into the house.  But Ashe immediately noticed that the man’s attention was still focused entirely on the living room, instead of on the back door.  Ashe at once came to the concrete conclusion that the armed man was not guarding the back door.  The man must have expected his two companions to have the rear entrance covered.  He had no idea that they had been neutralized.  
As if reading Ashe’s mind, Lucky Barrett asked the man in the doorway, “Let me see your radio.”  The assassin left the threshold, again becoming hidden from Ashe’s sight.  A second later, Lucky could be heard.  “Are you guys good?  How is it looking out there?”  Silence.  “Guys?  Guys?    Son of a bitch.  I thought your guys were professionals.  Are you guys still in back?  Or did you run like chicken shits when law enforcement arrived?  Fuck.”  Desperation was creeping up and into Lucky’s vocal chords.  “The police probably have already made their way into the back and took your men down.  They are probably spilling their guts…right now.”
“Calm down,” the killer replied, once again outside of Ashe’s possible view.  “My men don’t run.  And they don’t talk to the police.  That is a guarantee.”
“They better be all that you claim and more,” Lucky insisted.  “I am not a man who likes loose ends.”
The assassin’s form reappeared in the entranceway.  Ashe realized that it gave him a vantage point over the room, as did the position in front of the far window, the place where the other killer was still standing.  Nothing would happen in the room without the two of them being able to act in an instant.  The room was theirs and they were in charge, no matter how much Lucky still believed himself to be in control. 
Were there others, though?  Ashe had to wonder.
Ashe was beginning the get the hunch, though, that only two men were in the room with Lucky and Scott.  Two men had been in the back.  Two men came inside of the house.  It sounded like a sound tactic, four men, a speedy job, in and out of the house swiftly and on their way they would go with their money.  And it also became apparent to Ashe that the man standing at the border between the kitchen and living room, the one who seemed to do all the talking, the one who was defending his men, was the leader, meaning that he was the most dangerous of the expert killers.
A sloppy plan formed.  It was far beyond foolish
“You are fucked!” Scott yelled.  “Fucked!”  He was tired and Ashe could hear that his son was starting to feel beaten, defeated.  He was resorting to pointless curses and swears.  “Fuck you!  Fuck all of you!”  The fight was leaving him and Ashe knew that it was time to go for broke.  He had no other choice and time was running out.
Ashe had killed before.  Self-defense.  To save a life.  And he knew that somewhere deep inside the bowels of the creature known as moral virtue, he was justified in his coming action.  But he still took a punch in his gut when he sprung out from the obscured regions of the kitchen and put the tip of the silencer to the back of the man’s skull.  Instead of giving the killer the chance to spin away, the chance to react in anyway, the psychologist quickly put a bullet into the man’s brain, ending his life before anyone in the room could register what was taking place.  All anyone else knew was that a puff of pink erupted from the man’s forehead and he then collapsed.  
Ashe stood where the killer had been, fighting to fake an aura of confidence, to project the trickery into the lantern lit room.  His gun remained raised and he aimed directly at the other killer across the room.  “Don’t even think about it,” he commanded.  “I have enough light to shoot you by.  Try me.  Try me.”
“Dad?”  If Scott’s hands had been freed he might have rubbed his eyes in disbelief.  “Where did you come from?”
“I’ve been right behind you the whole time,” the psychologist informed his son.
Keeping the gun focused on the second killer, Ashe put his foot between the sprawled legs of the dead man.  He took another step coming further into the living room.  Using his peripheral vision, he found Lucky Barrett…and he at once realized another crucial mistake he had just made.  The lead assassin had not been the most dangerous man in the room.  He had taken care of the killers, killing the leader while forcing the other assassin into reluctant submission.  But he had disregarded another killer in the room, the one who was in fact the deadliest person in the house, while also giving him a window in which to react.
Lucky Barrett.  
In the instant that Ashe had taken the steps to enter the living room, Lucky had made a choice.  He chose to attack.  Lucky Barrett lived his life as a cat cornered, afraid, claws always out, and Ashe had been a fool not to treat him that way.  The psychologist regretted it the moment that Lucky struck him in the side of the face, close to the eyes.  He regretted it as his vision blurred and he took another punch to the face.  Ashe was knocked into a stumble and began tripping over the torso of the dead man below him.  While he tried to regain his footing and his vision, something hard shattered down across the back of Ashe’s head and neck.  The psychologist went to the wooden floor in a heap, feeling two solid kicks to his ribs right before passing out.

Chapter 56

“Tell me again why a forensic psychologist went inside that house,” the officer demanded.  He glared at Oscar, red and blue lights twisting and reflecting around them.  “I know that you have told me twice already, but I am still confused why you allowed a civilian to enter an active scene, Detective Harrison.”
“He is a consultant,” Oscar corrected.  He was despising the rain as it relentlessly continued to pour.  Pounding rain made everything more difficult.  Everything.  But it was beginning to let up a little, or so it seemed to him.  Of that he was finding himself grateful.  And that was the only thing that the detective was presently finding himself grateful for.
“Well, I will be damned,” the officer said, sarcastically throwing up his hands.  “My mistake.”
“I don’t have time for this, officer…?” Oscar pretended to forget the man’s name, like it was irrelevant to anything that was taking place.  “Wiles.  Right.  I don’t have time for this shit, Officer Wiles.  What is going on inside that house is far more complex than you or anyone out here could fully understand in the little amount of time I have to explain it.”  He pointed at the police cars, marked and unmarked, and at the group of officers that was steadily growing.  “And I am not going to spell it out for you, officer Wiles…letter…by…letter.  I won’t.  You need to just listen and follow my lead.  I know that this is your town…but that is my boy in there and he is trying to save his boy.  I need to have point on this.”
“Scott Walters?”
Oscar grunted.
“You mean the suspected murderer and kidnapper?” Officer Wiles asked.  “I thought I was here because of him…not to help save him.  I figured we were coming to save the man that was kidnapped, abducted against his will.  Not the abductor.  I’m sorry if that sounds a little…nuts…to me.  Nuts?  Yes.  That is the word I want.  Nuts. And who is this?”  He pointed to Amber Barrett’s body.  “Who did we have to put down?  Amber Barrett, the current occupant of this residence? And why was she pointing a gun at my men?  Is she involved with Scott Walters?  Or was she trying to help her father, the person believed that have been taken?  This is a Barrett owned home, I have to add.  Does any of this make sense to you, sir?  Because my head hurts badly.” 
Oscar sighed.
Oscar replied.  “Yes.  Sort of.  What I am trying to tell you is that Lucky is the captive but his own personal hit squad has shown up to save their boss.  They located his whereabouts somehow and they have come into your town with the seriousness of a lightning bolt.  There is no longer black and white…there is all kinds of gray going on here.  You need to see that.”
Wiles put his hands on his finely trimmed blonde hair.  Oscar watched as the officer’s bravado melted away, like a block of ice under a heated lamp.  The seriousness of the scene might have finally washed completely over the Oak Hill police officer.   He wordlessly conceded.  “And you say there are two armed men lying in the back yard of the house?  And that you are sure that there are more armed men inside of the structure?  But you can’t say how many?”
“No doubt.”
“In case you didn’t know, even us slow town, sleepy eyed cops have heard of Lucky Barrett,” the young officer stated.  He sighed deep and long.  “I believe you.  Damn it.  I still don’t get it, though.  But I think that it is possible that you are right.  Which only makes this shit worse.  Much worse and much more volatile.”  
“You are going to cease with the busting of my balls, then?” Oscar exploded.  “We don’t have to whip em out and measure.”
“None of this makes sense in my small part of the world,” Wiles clarified.  
Oscar felt his frustration lessening to a bearable level.   “Think of it like this,” he began.  “It will make it easier to digest. My best friend and partner is in there, right now, trying to save his son, a young man who has lost touch with what is real and what is not.  He is confused.  He is blind and scared.  But he is also being manipulated.  My partner just wants to bring his son out of that house  in one piece, alive.  I see the ring on your finger, detective.  Either you have kids or you will someday.  Put yourself in Ashe Walter’s shoes.  Walk around for a second.  What crazy shit would you do to save your child…from others…and himself?”
Wiles rocked back onto his heels.  He then twisted his neck and popped a handful of joints at its base.  “I’m not sure how to proceed.”
“You are the lead officer here.  Am I right?  We need to make to put together our strategy,” Oscar replied.  “This is much more than a simple kidnapping turn hostage situation.  You understand?  I can tell that you do.”
“We have a hostage negotiator on the way,” the Oak Hill Officer informed.   
Oscar shook his head.  “No time.”
“We will just have to make time,” Wiles insisted.  “This is Oak Hill, Detective Harrison.  Not Youngstown.  Or Cleveland.  Or Warren.  We are a suburb.  Wholesome.  Quiet.  Plain.  Outside of the influence of men like Lucky Barrett and his hit squads. We need a negotiator from the city to take the reins on this one.  This is madness,” he said, pointing around to all the officers and all the flashing cars.”  Oscar agreed with the young officer.  It was madness.  And the amount of officers on scene, all helter-skelter like, was chaotic, to say the least, proving to the seasoned detective that the small and its inexperience force was ill-equipped to handle the current situation.  “I am out of my league, here,” Wiles added.  “We all are.”
“May I?  Let me be the master and you can be the apprentice.”
Wiles reluctantly agreed.  “Only until the negotiator arrives.”
“Good,” Oscar breathed.  “But I am not in charge in any known capacity.  I am an outsider and your men will never follow me.  The orders have to come through you.  From me…through you.  We clear?”
The young man understood.
“How did you become lead officer on this mess anyway kid?” the homicide detective inquired.  “You seem a little green behind the ears.”
“The night crew is made up of all new recruits mixed with those with only a couple of years of experience,” Wiles answered.  “Unlike where you’re from, nothing ever happens here after 8 p.m. more drastic than an old lady mistaken a stray cat to be horny prowler.  I have the most time put in on.  Just lucky, I guess.”
“How much time?”
“Almost four years…give or take,” the officer said.  “Mostly take.”
“Damn, son,” Oscar declared.  “You are in over your head, aren’t you?  Don’t worry.  I am here with you.  And I have enough experience down in the muck for both of us.  And one year of my city experience counts for three of yours, sorry to say.”  Oscar laughed.  It was a joke, but only half of one, because part of it was true.
“I agree.”
“Hostage negotiations are all about strategy,” Oscar explained over the roar of the rain.  “I have some experience with it.” He ignored the look on the officer’s face when he used the word…some.  “It is all about…I…C…E…R…pronounced ice-ER.  Isolate.  Contain.  Evaluate.  And report.  Got it?  Okay.  Let’s get to work, young padawan.”
Detective Harrison paused to collect his thoughts.  He wasn’t sure how he was going to word the details that he was about to dictate to the young officer. He would have to push Officer Wiles quickly to the end results, skipping or skimming over the middle mess.  It would simply take too long to explain every little detail.  He had to divulge as much as he could, though, because it wouldn’t do the young guy or the situation at hand any good by keeping secrets or half-truths.   It would be hard to understand and even hard to fully believe, the detective was sure.  It had taken a few specific steps, specific bread crumbs to get there himself.  
“I need to get you up to speed on everything that is going on here,” Oscar said.  He then began to dictate the events.  It took a few minutes to speed through important points and when he was finished he was shocked to see the young officer simply nod, like a well-trained soldier would nod to the ramblings of his command.  
The kid had potential.
	“You still with me?” Oscar asked.
	“I am.”
	“I need to speak with someone in there…A…S…A…P,” Oscar grunted.  “I need a line into that house…several minutes ago.”
The officer began shouting banter into his mobile phone.  Other officers were moving and things were being done.  It was like a frantic anthill.  Wiles turned around and grabbed the first uniform to come within arm’s reach of him.  The uniform appeared even younger than Wiles, if that was possible.  The young uniform became startled at suddenly being under someone’s grasp.  Wiles spoke over the pounding water.  “Do we have the phone number yet?” he barked at the clutched uniform.  The young uniform didn’t reply soon enough.  “Go and get it!  Now!  I want it in my hands in less than a minute!  Go!  Get it!”
The young officer ran off.  In less than a minute, as ordered, the same young man returned with a slip of paper in his hand.  The slip was rapidly getting wet in the rain.  He handed it to Wiles who in turn passed it to Detective Harrison.    
“We found the registered landline, sir.  It is under the name Amber Barrett,” the young uniform stated before running off on another crucial mission.  
Oscar slid into the passenger side of the nearest open patrol car, using the roof of the vehicle for protection against the falling water.  He managed to decipher the jotted down phone number before pulling out his cell phone, even though the ink on the paper was rapidly turning into pointless black streaks.  He dialed the number and attempted to make contact.


Chapter 57

Somewhere a telephone was ringing.  At first it was only inside of Ashe’s head, which was slowly regaining thought and senses.  As more and more returned, he managed to open his eyes and was immediately struck by a blinding light that was coming from directly below him.  He flinched and fought to filter the light but found it difficult and painful.  His head hurt.  And his memories seemed stained with confusion.
He had been hit hard on the head, Ashe was sure.  Where was he? Why was he there? And why won’t someone answer the phone?
Along with the ringing telephone, he could hear rain drops slamming themselves against what must have been a roof over his head.  He was indoors, inside a house or some other type of building.  But where?  And why?
Ashe realized that he was sitting in a chair, his hand and feet wrapped with something strong and sturdy.  Wire…thin but strong.  He struggled for a second against the restraints, unsure to why someone had felt the need immobilize him.  
He then became aware that someone sat directly next to him.  And with the help of the rising light and he adjusting eyes, Ashe could see that it was his son, staring at him.  Scott’s expression asked the same question that the psychologist had been asking himself ever since waking.  Why was he there?  At the sight of Scott it all came back to Ashe.  
He instantly grew enraged, at himself and at Lucky Barrett.  He had once again made the wrong move against an unpredictable man.  His aura of power and control after killing the head assassin had been fake, staged, a conjuring illusion, but Ashe’s ignorance and lack of common sense had been as real and as present as ever.  And after everything he had learned about the pill and the extreme paranoia it caused, along with the connection he had made concerning Lucky Barrett, his state of mind and the insane things he might have done because of the pill’s influence, the psychologist had still stepped incorrectly.  He had treated the men with the guns as the biggest threat, while it was truly the madman without a gun that he should have been the weariest of.
And he knew that.
Damn it.
He knew that.
The phone continued to ring and ring and Ashe looked over the Barrett, who was standing perfectly still.  Finally Lucky Barrett acted as if he was going to pick up the phone and say a gentlemanly greeting.  But he didn’t.  Instead, he snatched the phone from the table where it sat, next to the entranceway to the kitchen.  Yanking on the base of white phone, Lucky ripped the cord from the wall jack before spiking the entire device onto the floor like a football.  It broke and bounced and landed next to the shards of a broken vase, the same one that had been collapsed across the back of Ashe’s skull. Lucky picked the phone up and again and repeated the move, further breaking the plastic device into piece.  He then growled and strolled back to the shadows, just outside of the full reach of the lantern’s glow.
Swinging an arm while flapping his thin fingers, Lucky Barrett motioned for the remaining assassin to come over to him.  “Stay next to me.  Whatever happens, stay right next to me.”  He tried to sound forceful, but only managed to sound frenzied.  “Okay?”
“Yes sir,” the drone replied.
“Are you okay, Scott?” Ashe asked his son, turning his attention away from the mad captain and his remaining mindless soldier.  They both knew that the ship was filling with water and sinking.  It had just hit an iceberg and the frigid ocean was rushing in and rising all around them.  
“I’ve been better,” Scott answered.  “And so have you.”
“Definitely,” he replied.
“Enough of this family reunion,” Lucky interrupted, “however sweet and touching it may be.  I don’t know if I should welcome you, Dr. Walters, or shoot you in the head, like you did to one of my men…even if was quite impressive.  Never would have seen it coming. And I don’t get surprised very easily.  Quite a twist of character, I have to say.”
“You don’t know my character, Mr. Barrett,” Ashe shot back.  “But I know yours.”  And he did.  Or at least he truly believed that he had finally come to an important understanding in regards to Lucky Barrett.  He may have made some minor to major blunder during the last couple of days, but the man in front of him wasn’t as much of an enigma as Ashe had once viewed him to be.  Unpredictable?  Yes.  But not unknowable.
Lucky moved fully into the light, his drone at his side.  “Do you?”
Ashe nodded.
“Tell me then, good doctor,” Lucky Barrett said, “what exactly is my character?”
“You are a drug addict,” Ashe stated.  “Plain and simple.”
“Plain and simple?”
	“Most drugs are easy to understand,” Ashe continued.  “The highs.  The lows.  The symptoms.  The users.  The abusers.  But your addiction is a little more complicated than those that smoke crack cocaine or drop ecstasy, I have to admit.”  While he talked, he calmly tested where the wire was holding his wrists together.  Ashe wiggled, desperately searching for any potential flaws that he might be able to use to his favor.  But the wire was sturdy and wrapped tight.  Damn.  His ankles were also tied with the same wire, individually bound to legs of the chair.  Damn.  “That is because your drug is a lot more complex than those normal types of substances,” he continued.
	“Much more complicated,” Lucky concurred.  “In ways you can’t possibly understand.”
	Ashe tilted his head slightly.  “I don’t think that you fully understand what it does either, Mr. Barrett.  Lucky, may I call you?”
	“Mr. Barrett, please,” Lucky replied.  “And I understand it more than anyone else.  That is why I still stand before you today…alive.  Well.  Against popular opinion, that is.”  He giggled like a child.
	He joked?  How could he joke? Ashe wondered.  Does he not grasp the extremity of what was taking place?  Or perhaps he had become so out of touch with reality over the years that he honestly saw himself to be invincible.  Did Lucky Barrett seriously believe in and have full faith in an absurd scenario where he would be allowed to walk away free and clear?  Or maybe he was merely coming apart at the seams?
	Ashe figured it to be equal parts of absurd faith and departure from reality.  “Take a look at yourself, Mr. Barrett.  Find a mirror.  Take the lantern if you want.  Take a good look.  No matter what your precious pill has you to conclude, this is the end for you.  No matter what happens to anyone else in this room, you are going down.  You prints are all over this and a can of worms has been opened.  Your assassins came here to get you out of this cleanly and under the radar, but they had failed. Your failsafe failed. You didn’t fully appreciate and respect all of the gears that are at work, turning and turning inside of the current machine.  You were unaware that you did not possess all of the pieces to this particular puzzle…and I know how much of a bitch that could be.” He didn’t know how accurate what he said was, because he couldn’t say for an absolute certainty what was going to happen to Lucky Barrett when things were all over and done with.  Unlike what was believed of the mystery pill, he could not foretell the future.  But he did know that Lucky had not gotten away clear and away from fault.  Everyone would be given proof of his dirty hands.  “You have remained on the outside for long enough,” he told the so-called gangster.   “It’s time to bring it to an end and pay your dues.  Maybe you shouldn’t have ventured outside of your home today.  Maybe you had been smart in locking yourself from the threatening and dangerous world.  I bet you want to take that choice back, huh?”
	“I have never killed a single person,” Lucky Barrett insisted, a statement that was obviously a well-rehearsed motto.  But it was true.  Technically.
	“That doesn’t matter, anymore,” Ashe informed him.  “There are other forms of dirt and blood on your hands.  And if you think that I am wrong, walk out that door into the arms of the loving police.  Have them cuddle you and tell you that everything is going to be okay.  Maybe they will pat your head and tuck you into a warm bed for the night. They may even have a cup of warm milk waiting for you.   I doubt it, though.”
	“I may be a killer,” Scott threw in, “but I am the one who is tied to this chair.  You are in control.  Bring this to an end, why don’t ya?”  Looking to Ashe, “I’m sorry, dad.  I didn’t mean for any of this to happen.  I don’t know how the hell I got to this place.  It is like a strange and scary dream.” 
	“I know,” Ashe assured his son.  “I’m sorry that you didn’t feel like you could come to me for help…before things turned into…what they have become.  I’m sorry that you couldn’t count on me.  This is all my fault.”
	“It is my fault, dad,” Scott insisted. “And I did count on you.   I really did.  And you are here.  You are here and I knew you would be.  Deep down, somewhere inside, even within the hatred I thought that I had for you, because of what happened to mom, I knew you would be here for me.  I don’t hate you dad.  I never have.  I want you to know that.  I’m sorry it took getting to a place like this for me to realize it.”
	Scott had counted on him, in his own way.  His son had simply lacked the ability to come completely and directly to him.  The chasm between them had grown too vast, too wide to fully cross.  Scott had in fact showed faith and trust in his father by leaving behind the so-called clues, and also by calling the house, risking exposure in order to speak with Ashe.  
	Ashe was emotionally lifted into the atmosphere by his son’s expressed feelings toward him, by the revelation that Scott had never honestly hated him.  But he was immediately brought back down the cruel earth by the reality of their circumstance.  He suddenly became desperate, desperate to escape the whole mess with his son and himself still alive.  Ashe had lost too much precious time with his boy, he realized, and he wanted to make up for those lost years at once.  And Lucky Barrett would not stand in his way.
	“I love you, Scott.”
	“I love you, dad.”
	“Stop!” Lucky shrieked.  “Shut down this father and son bonding moment and let me think.  I know how it ends.  I’ve seen it.  And it doesn’t end in prison…because I don’t go.  I’m in my office and it’s at least a few years from now.  I’ve seen it.  I don’t go to prison.  You hear me?  I don’t go to prison…at least not tonight.”
	“Because the pill showed you…what?” Ashe asked, becoming fed with the ratings and ravings of the delusional, ignorant asshole that was holding his son and him captive.  “What exactly do you think you’ve seen, Mr. Barrett?  Huh?”
	“You know,” Lucky replied.  He began to fidget, like an addict needing a fix. 


Chapter 58

“It just rings busy, now,” Oscar said, but still attempted another call.  “Busy.  Damn it.  Someone took the phone out.  It doesn’t look like anyone wants to speak to their neighborhood police department.”
	“Does Scott Walters have a cell?” Wiles asked. 
	Oscar grunted.  “Scott ditched his cell long ago.  Son of a bitch.  We are deaf and blind and dumb.”
	“I wouldn’t say dumb, Detective Harrison,” Wiles replied.  
	“Dumb,” Oscar repeated, with emphasis.  
	“What should we do?” the Oak Hill police officer inquired.
	 Putting up a single finger, Oscar asked for a minute to think.  From their distance, he could see that the light still burned beyond the front windows.  Even though the rest of the house remained dark as death, a single beacon of light still burned.  
What exactly did it mean in the scope of things? Oscar contemplated.
A single light in a house of black could mean a few things, some good and some bad.  It showed him that all the activity was most likely taking place in a single room, which was good because the bodies, bad guys or good guys, were not spread throughout the house.  They were in the same location.  That meant that a strategic entry was possible, if it came down to it.
	But that also meant that those inside, those who were in charge, most likely Lucky Barrett and however many men who came to his aid, was dug deep into a central location.  They would have eyes on the surrounding entranceways.  Oscar was sure that had seen shifting of the curtains by someone inside who was moving the fabric aside in order to see.  They would know from far off anyone was coming.  
	Or would they?  If they were all in the living room, there would be no eyes on the back of the house, especially since the two assassins in the back yard had been dealt with.  But Ashe didn’t honestly know for certain.  There could other men hiding in the darkened areas of the house, the sight focused outward, watching and waiting for any movements from the police.
	He just didn’t know for sure.  And it pissed him off.
	Amber Barrett’s body was still lying on the sidewalk, Oscar could see her form beneath the onslaught of rain, which also pissed off the homicide detective.  It was wrong in many ways.  He was sure that the young girl was as much as victim as Scott.  And he wanted to get the dead young girl out of the rain, away from the madness, but he couldn’t send any of the officers close to the house.  They would be in harm’s way.  And he didn’t know if the men inside would take the opportunity to shoot at a cop.  He wouldn’t take the chance, even if it meant leaving Amber Barrett where she fell, no matter how much his religious and professional ideals yelled at him.  Oscar could continue to argue with himself, but he knew that he would simply have to wait, wait until the moment presented itself and then he would make sure that moving the young woman’s body was a priority.  He would see to it himself that she was handled with respect and sent along to a proper burial and a peaceful rest.  
	“Did you talk to…ummm…Sheldon…the lead sniper?” Oscar asked Wiles, who was yelling orders into his cell phone, which also acted as walkie-talkie.  “How is his crew looking?”
	“What was that, sir?” the young officer asked.
	“Never mind,” Oscar grunted.  He grabbed the phone from the officer’s grip and pressed the same button that he watched the young man use.  The phone beeped to life.  But before speaking into the device, the detective gave Wiles a look and waited to see how the young man would react.  The young officer stayed docile and allowed Oscar to proceed.  Oscar spoke into the phone, which was connected to the phones every other officer.  It worked like a two-radio.  “Sheldon.  Officer Sheldon.  Do you read me?”
	A voice spoke up.  “Yes.  Who am I speaking with?”
	“Lead officer Wiles has some requests of you and your men,” Oscar continued.  “He would tell you himself but he is tied up right now.  So I am speaking on his behalf.  He wants your men planted on the rooftops across the street.  He wants your scopes to be continuously pointed at that house.  You never know when an opportunity or a life-saving shot will arise.”
	“Who is this again?” the deep voiced shooter asked.
	“Am I clear?  Or should I tell Officer Wiles that you aren’t following his lead?”
	“I read you loud and clear, sir,” the voice in the phone replied.
	“Did you hear that, Wiles?” Oscar asked while handing back the young man’s phone.  “The accurate guns are about to put their scopes on the front of the house.  Sound good to you?”   
	“Yes,” Wiles said.  “But I don’t know how much good it will do.  That house is as dark as a deep cave.”  He took the words straight for Oscar’s brain.  “And the curtains are still drawn tight.  We can only barely make out that single light.  Nothing else.  Snipers can’t shoot if they can’t see anything.  They are no good without a target.”
	“I know,” Oscar agreed.  “But I want them in place in case a target presents its smiling face.”
	Oscar became quiet for a few seconds.
	“Get this parameter tight,” Oscar moved on, pointing at the barricades that were being placed a little ways up the street in order to close off the roads.  He knew that more barricades were being set up on other streets, forming a solid parameter between the outside world and the situation at hand.  “Make sure no one gets through without credentials.  I know there aren’t many onlookers now but the word is spreading as we speak and the gawkers and reporters will slither out from under their rocks in no time.”
	Wiles yelled orders into his phone, demanding several more bodies to man the barricades.  “Get those things squared away…now!”
	“Let’s get the evacuation to move faster,” Oscar barked.  “Bystanders are a big risk with these houses being so close together.”  The two-story buildings that sat adjacent were too near for his comfort.  Stray bullets have been known to penetrate nearby walls and injure innocent children while they slept in their beds.  Oscar motioned to the adjacent residences, “I want these people gone.  I also want the houses across the street to be emptied as well.”  He considered the back yard, which he had been in for a short second.  The house’s yard seemed to put a good amount of distance between it and the home behind it.  But he had to be safe.  “I want the house directly behind cleaned out too.  Along with the ones diagonal to the scene as well.  I want the civilians far away from any possible crossfire.  And don’t take no for an answer.  I know you said you were getting some resistance, but if you explain to them why they have to leave, and by blunt about it, they are more than likely willing to obey.  Sound good?”
	“Yep.”
	“In fact,” he quickly added.  “Tell Sheldon that I want a man placed on that back house as soon as the occupants are clear.  We need an accurate gun pointing at the back door, as well.  I would like to get snipers on the sides too, but those houses are too damn close.  It doesn’t matter.  If anyone decided to exit the house unauthorized, they would be seen from either the front or the back at some point.  You understand, amigo?”
	Wiles nodded.
	“Then get those orders out there,” Oscar demanded.  “They need to hear my voice as little as possible.  You are in charge in their eyes, remember?”
	“Of course.”
	The Youngstown Detective listened as the young officer relayed the wishes.  He added just enough authority to get it done without overdoing it.  He was trying not to rub the squad the wrong way, was a smart move.  The kid had good instincts. 
	“Ashe is still in there,” Detective Harrison muttered to himself, loud enough that Wiles could hear as well.  “And he has had plenty of time to make some kind of move, whatever that might be.  Don’t count him out, just yet.  He has his own way of doing things, but he gets results.  Maybe I will show you the case files containing the work my friend and I have done over the years.  The man used to pull stuff out of his ass at the drop of a dime.  Never seen anything like it.  He has been out of the game for a while, I will have to say.  Rusty.  I even stood in his way for minute.  But he has gotten back into the groove and I think his mind is finally fully oiled, loosened, and at top performance.”
	“I’ve heard the name before,” Wiles admitted.  “Every cop in Northeast Ohio, maybe even all of Ohio, from low to high, knows about what happened to his wife.”
	“Don’t hold that against him,” Oscar asked.  
	“No one does,” the young officer clarified.  “We empathize with your friend.  Some of us even hope to be the one who finally catches that psychotic asshole.  But we won’t arrest him.  No.  We will hand feed that son of a bitch to Dr. Ashe Walters ourselves, just to be present when Ashe gets the chance to rip that man apart from nose to toes.”  
	“Good.  Excellent.  Then you must have recognized my name as well…you little prick.”  Oscar smirked, shaking his head.  He wanted to pursue his gripe further, but instantly changed the subject.  It didn’t matter that the young man had played dumb and gave him a hard time.  That was behind them and unimportant.  He might bring it up to the young man later down the road, though, by giving him a stern kick in the ass.  “SWAT on ready?”  Oscar asked, nodding to the black van that had just recently arrived on scene.  He already knew the answer.  They were antsy for some action, as SWAT teams often were.  They may get their adrenaline fix soon enough.  “Never know when we may need to go in there,” he told Wiles.  “When we move…I want it to be fast and without mistake.  You understand?”
	Wiles once again showed that he did.   
	“Okay,” Oscar stated.  “If we have to force our way into the house, it will be in a hurry and it will most likely be messy.  Are you ready for that, in case it does go down that way?”
	Officer Wiles was without a doubt ready, even if his hands were trembling.  Oscar noticed the shaking limbs, but decided to give the man some slack.  Not everyone had the nerves to handle certain kinds of circumstances.  Especially the unique type of shit in which they were currently buried chests deep in.  When things exploded, which they were probably going to sooner than later, Oscar would pay close attention to how young Wiles handled himself.  Because the current mess was exactly the type of situation that showed a man exactly how thick his spine was.  And what it might take to snap it like a twig.
	
Chapter 59

Lucky Barrett continued to sweat and fidget.  
Inmates in Wilson Maximum were forced off any drugs they may have been using on the streets before being incarcerated.  It was always unpleasant for everyone involved, from the user to the medical staff.  Even though Ashe never really had a role in the detoxing of inmates, because it was usually done using outsourced professionals, both medical and psychological, who specialized in the process, he had had enough experience with former addicts, those who never honestly wanted to be off their drug of choice, to notice the signs of a user who wanted badly to use.
“Are you sure that your precious pill tells you the truth?” Ashe asked.  “Or could it be like any other hallucinogen…causing you to put stock in things that are not real?  I’ve seen a lot of drugs in my career,” he slightly lied, “and at the base they are similar.  Boringly so.  Even your pill.  I said it was complex, which is true, but at its molecular level…it is the same as everything else.”
“It is the truth,” Lucky growled.  “It opens my eyes to things that normal people will never be witness to.  When I take it, I stand on the shoulders of giants and from there I can see further than those forced to remain at ground level.”
“The future?” Ashe asked.  He came to the conclusion that Lucky Barrett saw the pill in the same way that Scott had seen it, as a way to prophecy.  But how could that be?  How could different users have the same exact type of hallucinations?  Hallucinations should differ from person to person, as it does with those who trip on acid.  One user might see evil penguins with razor teeth while another may witness a delicate flower growing and blooming up from the floor of their apartment.  It was always a personalized experience.  Or it should have been, even with the white pill.
Or did the pill do exactly as they seemed to believe?
Lucky had also explained how Amber had also bore witness to the images of her death.  And the man was entirely certain of its validity.  He viewed it as gospel, containing not a single thread of doubt, like the ancient pages of the Bible, itself.  It was a direct link to the mind of God. 
Ashe was again confused.  He refused to submit to the idea that a plain, white pill, a drug like any other, gave the users a vision of their own deaths.  It wasn’t possible…outside paperback fiction.  
“Not just the future,” Lucky lectured.  “It shows something that is on everyone’s mind all of the time.  Death.”
Death?  It was the same thing that Lucky’s brother had said.  It had shown him death.
 “Not just any death,” the madman continued, “but their own.  We all wonder how we are going to die. When.  Where.  Will be it be expected, like the ending to a long fight with cancer?  Or will it be out of nowhere, like a car wreck?  It is in our nature to wonder and fear that day…the one day that will come for us all no matter what we do or what steps we try to take to avoid it.  Or so most people think.  What if we could see exactly how we will die?  Then we could avoid it, even if only a single time.  Cheating death once is still nothing short of a miracle.”
“You could become immortal?” Ashe inquired, knowing the statement to be absurd.  Natural cause will always kill in time.  Death will eventually creep into the person’s old and tired body, removing whatever life had once been there.  Not even Lucky Barrett could stop that sort of death.
Ashe glanced at his son, who had remained silent.  He wondered how his son was absorbing the conversation.  What was he getting from it?  Could Scott still be reached?  Scott had cried for Amber.  He had apologized to his father for the mess he had caused.  The regret and guilt was authentic.  And the hope that stirred up from those moments still remained alive and active inside of Ashe.  
No matter how strong the mental illness was that slithered through someone’s mind, Ashe knew there was always hope, even when none seemed to exist.  That was one of the reasons he worked in the professional field that he did.  Everyone, from psychotics to pedophiles, could be helped and the illness that drove their behavior could be cured or at least closely managed.  
No one was beyond hope, not even criminals, even though most of the world condemned them as monsters and would rather see them wiped from the Earth instead of helped.  Ashe chose to fight the good fight on the behalf of the criminals, while most of society spit on the notion of their very existence.
However, Ashe knew the difference between the mentally ill and those who just chose to commit crimes based on greed or vengeance or some other selfish, destructive reasoning.  There was a difference.  Like there was difference between night and day, dogs and cats. Those men and women deserved whatever punishment they were handed by the court of law and its officials.  Often times those men and women clearly deserved to fry at the hands of an unknown switch puller.
Which one was Lucky Barrett?
Which one was Franklin Barrett?
Were they one or the other?
Or were they both?
“Immortal?”  Lucky chuckled.  “I am not immortal.  Death with get my ass, eventually.  You can only dodge the shark for so long before it gets to your midsection and takes you under.  You know what I mean?”
Ashe did.  The symbolism of a shark must be highly present in the Barrett family.  Or only between Lucky and his little brother Franklin.  “Absolutely,” he conceded.  “What about your brother?”
Lucky laughed.  “What about him?”
“You gave him the pill, didn’t you?” the psychologist asked.  “Why?  If you know the pill…if you are in control of the pill…then you knew what Franklin would do.  Right?  Or did you?  Maybe you were simply experimenting on him.  But I think not.  I think not…because I know about the other times you slipped others your magical pill.”
Even in the dimmed room, Ashe could see Lucky’s smug sneer.  “Others?”
“Competition.  Enemies.  An innocent young man.  Your own brother,” Ashe clarified.  “Franklin told me about the sharks.  You know about the sharks.  The Barrett shark pool.  Eat or be eaten.  Why did you want your brother to be eaten?”
The gangster snorted.  “A shark?  Franklin was never a shark.  He was always food, a fish spilling a trail of blood for the real predators to sniff out.”
“He doesn’t think so.”
“Some fish believe they are sharks, Dr. Walters,” Lucky replied.  “Do you believe yourself to be a shark or a bloody fish, Dr. Walters?”
“I’m a fisherman,” the psychologist told him.  
Lucky howled with nervous delight.  “I don’t know about all that.  I think you…are…a fish…one with a shark already on your scent…circling you from afar.”
“Steven Reynolds?”  Ashe considered the name again and its link to Franklin Barrett and possibly Lucky Barrett.  He had been grinding his gears over the past couple of days, trying to connect the Barretts and Steven Reynolds, but only coming up with friction.  But suddenly the gears shifted inside of his head.  
Sharks. 
Circling.  
And circling.  
Sometime sharks did indeed circle its prey.  Sometimes the prey was injured.  But sometimes the prey was a stern swimmer, a stern and stubborn meal.  When coming upon a prey that might be a challenge, the act of circling, of going round and round the prey, served to scare the would-be food.  Now and then the shark would rush in and nip…but just nip.  Once the prey had been worn and beaten down to nothing but strayed nerves, the killer would move in for the final bite.
Ashe was being circled.
And if Franklin wasn’t the shark…then Lucky was.  
“You visited your brother recently,” the psychologist said.  “Didn’t you?  You made a mistake getting Franklin put in prison.  He had told me recently that he doesn’t take drugs…and I didn’t believe him.  But it’s true.  Isn’t it?  What did you do?  How did you get Franklin to take the pill? You wanted him to swallow the pill but couldn’t just slip it into his normal pill intake, because he doesn’t take pills without knowing what they are.”
Lucky was silent.
“You lied,” Ashe concluded.  “You came up with a reason for him to take them.  I can’t for the life of me think of what you said to him…but I know he took them.  He trusted you…possibly without question, because deep down you were the shark and he was only the bottom feeder that fed on the dropping that the shark left behind.  You got him to take the pill.  And then he butchered his family.  How did you know he would kill them and not you?  You were certain…weren’t you?  They were really plotting against him.  Weren’t they?  And you somehow knew about it.  Or you at least knew that Franklin had serious fears that they were.  You know he wouldn’t target you…even in his drug induced psychosis.”
The room had grown still except for the psychologist.
“But you didn’t think it through,” Ashe said.  “Not all the way.  Because you left him alive…with a direct line back to you.  The other scenes were cloudy, with any link to you being full of holes and speculation.  But not Franklin.  Nope.”
“My, my,” Lucky finally said, “have you and my little brother bonded.”
“And that was what you were scared of,” Ashe responded, his voice rising.  “You knew that Franklin’s state of mind would be questioned.  You knew that he would be seeing someone like me as soon as he set foot inside.  You were afraid the he would talk…spill secrets…about your precious pill and its link to you…because you viewed him as being weak.  You knew he would talk…in time.”
Lucky growled.
“You couldn’t let him talk,” Ashe continued.  “And for some reason you are against killing him.  You were loyal to your brother but no to own wife.  I don’t get it, but it makes sense to you, I guess.  Maybe killing your brother would be like putting down a loyal and loving mutt, you just couldn’t bring yourself to do it.  You made a mistake, first one in a long time.”
“Did I?”
“Yes,” the psychologist corrected.  It was Ashe’s turn to chuckle.  He shut it down quickly and took a breath.  “You did research on me…the man your brother would have to speak to…tell his thoughts to.  Finding the cracks in my shell was easy.  Any Google search would bring up what happened to my wife.  You told Franklin to bring up Steven Reynolds…even though neither of you have ever met the man.  You told him that it would give him control over me…a sense of control that you know Franklin always craves…like you crave.  But your real intention was to drive a wedge between psychologist and patient.  It would get rid of my objectivity and I couldn’t work with him.  It would buy you some time.  But you failed.”
“You think you are so smart, don’t you, Dr. Walters?” Lucky Barrett screamed, spittle flying from his lips.  
“Smart?  Sometimes,” Ashe admitted.  “Now?  Possibly.  All I know is that I am in your head.  I am in your head, Lucky, and it fucking sucks, doesn’t it?”

Chapter 60

“The negotiator is nearly here,” Wiles told Oscar, his tone seemed troubled.  “And so is the captain.”  
That last sentence explained to Oscar why the young man’s expression was that of tension, apprehension.  Whenever the captain became involved, which Oscar figured he eventually giving severity of the current situation, things often got ugly with egos clashing like that of the mythological Greek Gods.  Even if the captain was that of a small town force, he or she didn’t get there by playing nice. He or she got there by being the biggest and baddest asshole to play the political game.  Oscar knew it all too well.  His own captain and himself occasional butted heads, because Oscar did the work while the captain took the credit, seemingly only concerned with keep his station and his power.  It was the reason why Oscar would never be made captain, because politics were for politicians and real police work were for men like him, men that knew that only way to get killers off the streets was to put your head down and truck through the mud and guts.  It was true that politics also had mud and guts, but Oscar didn’t trudge the filth to get ahead in life, but to make life a little safer.  And to smash the head of some whacko who likes to hack up his fellow human beings.
“The captain?” Oscar sighed.  “That can’t be good.”
“He likes to be present when real shit hits the fan, and this may be the biggest pile of shit to come our way…possibly ever,” Wiles explained.  “Shit like this never come our way, it stay in the cities and ignores our sleepy little town.  We hide in plain sight.  And it works.  I’ve never even had to fire my weapon, to be honest.”
“Well,” Oscar groaned, “I hope you still hit the shooting range now and then, because you might have no choice but to fire your weapon in the very near future.  Just remember…only try to kill the bad guys.  Remember that…and you will fine.”
“Can do.  But I’m still not sure who the bad guys are.”
Oscar shook his head at the comment.  But looking at the officer, he couldn’t help but to be surprised at the quick turnaround.   The police officer with not even half a decade worth of experience, zero experience in hostage situations, one who admittedly loved his uneventful suburb, was appearing primed and ready to raid the house at Oscar’s side.  
He patted the man’s shoulder, causing rain water to splash from his uniform.  “You’re a good man.  I’m sorry that our big town mess came to your peaceful burgh.  I’m hoping to end it without any more blood.”
“I believe you,” Wiles stated.  “But none of that will matter once Captain Phenton gets here.  And the negotiator.”
“I am just a guest, Wiles,” Oscar clarified.  “You have been in charge this whole time.  You hear me?”
“Yes, sir,” the officer agreed.  “Thank you.”
“ETA on Captain Phenton and the negotiator…Mr…?”
“Dr. Duley,” Detective Wiles said, filling in Oscar’s verbal blank.  “Not too long.  We have five to ten minutes on the captain.”  
“Doctor?”
“PhD,” Wiles informed the detective.  “In all things criminal and hostage…I would assume.  Can’t be sure.”
“I don’t know him,” Oscar admitted.  “I’m not sure how that is possible,” Oscar mumbled, before verbally running down a mental checklist with the young officer.  “Phone still not working?  Damn.  Got the snipers into place?  Good.  Parameter secure.  Great.  I wish that I knew what Ashe was doing in there.  I wish there was some way to speak to him.”
“You could call his phone,” Wiles suggested.  “Does he have his cell phone on him?”
Oscar looked over at the officer.  “I’m going to pretend you didn’t just ask me that.  We have a good thing going on here.  Don’t mess it up.”
The young officer coughed and cleared his throat but didn’t reply.
“Damn it!” Oscar cried out, wanting to punch something hard, hard but soft enough to break underneath his intense anger.  “Fuck!  I hate not knowing what is going on there.”
“What is the protocol when communication fails?” Wiles asked.
The detective glared. 
	“You don’t want to know.”

Chapter 61

“How do you know what you saw is accurate?”
	“Because it always is,” Lucky Barrett swiftly replied.  “It is always right.  Ask my wife…if you could.  But you can’t.  You will have to take my word for it.”
	The comment raised an animosity inside of Ashe that roared from his chest into his face.  He wanted to see Lucky Barrett hung by his throat, a masked hangman by his side.  He wanted to hear the rope snap as the executer let the bastard fall and swing.  It was a hatred void of understanding and sympathy, which went against Ashe’s very being.  It was an instinctual need to see the sorry sack of shit in front of him die.  It was that simple.  And it was unabated by any form of logic and compassion.  It was an ancient form of thinking, something that had stuck around inside of mankind since the days of caves and newly found fire.  It was pure.  And it scared the hell out of him.  
	“But it can change,” Ashe pointed out to Lucky.  “You’ve done proven that.  And so has Scott.  And so had your brother Franklin.”
	“What are you talking about?” he asked, startled.  “What can change?”
	“Death.  The moment of its occurrence, that is,” Ashe clarified.  “Apparently what you see, or think you see, can be changed.  Scott avoided his roommate shooting him.  Franklin has apparently avoided getting killed for money.  You…you have avoided your own death who know how many times, I would assume, based on several circulated news stories along with the few tall tales whispered amongst the dive bars and back room poker games.  It makes what you were shown completely and utterly void.  No longer true.  You changed it.  Right?”
	 “What are you getting at?” he demanded.
	Ashe tilted his head a little further, looking at Lucky Barrett like an amused dog, his expressions filled with bafflement and light curiosity.  It was a planned move on his part, aimed at getting underneath of the Lucky’s skin, under it enough to throw him further off balance.   It better have the expected affect, Ashe thought.  If not, he might simply be poking a pissed off bear.  That would end badly.  It always ended badly.  “How do you know what the pill has recently shown you to still be accurate…up to date?  Is all I’m saying.”
	Lucky did not answer right away.
	“You do not, is the answer,” Ashe revealed.  
	“But…I have not changed anything,” he replied. Ashe could clearly see the condensation of sweat as it continued to pool within the folds of Lucky’s forehead.  Like Scott’s tears, it reflected the illumination of the low lying lantern.
	“No,” the psychologist concurred.  “But the pill might have.”
	“The pill?” Lucky stopped fidgeting and became eerily still.
	“One pill being involved is simple,” Ashe began.  “However, both Scott and your daughter also took the same pill. Two more pills have become involved in the mix.  Maybe even add Franklin in the pot to spice it up a bit.  Things become quite convoluted, muddied.  Who knows what happens when multiple pills cross paths and intersect.  I have to say that all bets might be off, at that point.  The future could be continuously altering at this point, without a single outcome set in stone.  And you wouldn’t know it.  Would you?  The outcome of this mess could be the outside police putting a bullet into your skull.  There might be an exit wound…or there might not be.  You don’t know.”
	“I will know it,” Lucky insisted and began to pat the pocket of his expensive pants.   His suit jacket had been allowed to remain on his upper torso.  He checked the chest pocket of it, as well. “Where is it?”  He then glared at Scott.  “You have it.  You took it from me.”  The addict lunged over to Scott and back handed him, drawing blood from the corner of his mouth.
	“Stop!” Ashe called out.  “Don’t do that!”
	Lucky slapped Ashe as well, with the same hand that had struck Scott.  Ashe Walters refused to bleed, out of sheer spite.  
	“Where did you put it?  Where the hell is it?”  Lucky Barrett appeared distraught and mentally disheveled.  He began to desperately put his hands in and throughout Scott’s pants pockets.  He was searching any pocket that Scott had while swearing and cursing nonstop in short, aggressive bursts of air.  Lucky was having no luck with his search.  “Where did you put it?  Where did you hide it?”
	“Paranoid?” the psychologist inquired.  “Uncertain of your future, Mr. Barrett?  Fate no longer your play thing?”
	“Give it to me!” he screeched at Scott, who remained still and silent.
	“I think I dropped it,” Scott chose to admit, “while I was running away from your goons.  I’m not sure, though.  It might be upstairs.  Maybe in the hallway or the bedroom”
	“Liar!  You hid it from me,” Lucky accused, pulling back from Scott.
	“Is this the kind of man you choose to follow?” Ashe called out to the remaining armed man.  The soldier had remained nearby, but chose to give himself a secure distance from what had been taking place.  “A drug addict?  How can you trust an addict?  You can’t.  You can never, ever trust an addict.  It’s psychology 101, my dear boy.”
	The armed man didn’t seem fazed or affected in the slightest.  
	Lucky Barrett began to pace the floor.  His paranoia was eating away at his mental stability and he had no pill to give him the instant assurance he craved.  He was coming undone.  It was exactly what Ashe had wanted to happen.
	He had extensively considered the man with the gun and was positive that he was no psycho.  Ashe was sure of it.  The man was most likely ex-military, former mercenary, turned gun for hire to men like Lucky.  He had been intensely, acutely programmed to blindly follow orders from those with authority, and nothing created authority more than piles of spendable cash.  But, as Ashe silently concluded, if the faith in those giving the orders was destroyed, if a possible of not getting paid arose, the allegiance would in turn suffer the effects.
	That had been Ashes hope the whole time he had been knocking Lucky Barrett of his already wobbly axis.  But would it work?  Could he turn the minion against the master?
	“Are you going to stand by his side?” Ashe continued questioning the hired soldier.  “He is losing his mind right in front of you and will take you with him.  Will you follow this madman to the depths of hell?  I sure hope not.  You don’t look like a complete moron to me.”
	“Don’t listen to him,” Lucky commanded.  “Give me your gun.  Now!  Give it to me!”
	“Don’t,” the psychologist pleaded.  “Use your head…your common sense.  Trust your alarms, I know that they are going off right now, loud and blaring in your ears.”
	But the former soldier didn’t listen to Ashe.  He hesitated for a few seconds but then handed over the silenced pistol to his boss and stood at attention, like the good soldier he turned out to be.  The psychologist helplessly watched as Lucky Barrett, a man on the verge, slowly unscrewed the silencing tip from the pistol. He let the piece of metal fall.  It clanged against wooden floor boards.   Whatever Lucky was about to do, he wanted to make a lot of undeniable noise.  
	It was obvious that the tension was also getting to Scott, because he chose the moment to speak, to beg, to plead with Lucky for the knowledge that he so gravely desired.  “What is the pill, Lucky?  Please.  I need to know.  Why did it show me a way to stop my own death when I only ended up in this mess, in this chair?  Why did it do this to me?”  His voice was cracking with emotion.  “I don’t understand.  What was the point?”
	“You think there is a point?” Lucky spat.  
	“If it was God,” Scott continued, “shouldn’t there be a point?”
	“You don’t believe in God,” the mad man reacted.  
	“Where did it come from then?” Scott continued to question.  “It is not just a drug, I’m not dumb enough to believe that.”  Turning to his father, “It isn’t dad, I swear.”  Looking back at Lucky, “but I don’t know what it is.  You do, though.  Don’t you?  You have to know.  If you don’t, then who?  Who?”
	“Calm down, son,” Ashe implored.  
	“Why do you think that I know?” Lucky replied.  
	“Because you have to know,” Scott replied, growing troubled.  “How could you not?  So…Tell me!  All of this…this had to be for a reason.  It couldn’t have been for nothing.  I need to make sense of it!  Please!”
	Lucky Barrett then unloaded the clip of bullets into Scott’s chest.  Scott didn’t see it coming and before his brain could register the pain, he was dead and gone.
	“He didn’t see that coming, did he?!” Lucky screamed into Ashe’s face.  “Or maybe he did.  Maybe he took the pill he stole from me and knew it was going to end this way.  Either or.  Neither nor.  Now…I have killed someone.  Go figure.  It was inside of me the whole time.  What a relief.  I thought I would remain a virgin forever.”
	He began a laugh that was loud and all encompassing.  His entire body shook with it.
	For Ashe, the man’s words became background noise the instant that the lead was pumped into his son’s heart.  
There was so much blood.  
“Oh god,” he bellowed.  “Oh god, Scott.  Hang out, son.  Hang on.  Oscar will be coming any minute.  Oh god.  Don’t leave me, Scott.  Please.  Please Scott…no.  No.  Look at me.  Scott.  Look at me, son.  No.  Jesus Christ.  Jesus.”  The words turned to basic groans and whimpers.  He lost the ability to create words.
	
Chapter 62

“Those were gunshots!” Oscar howled to Wiles. Even in the rain he heard the explosions. “We are going in!  Let’s move!”
	Officer Wiles screeched into the mouth of his phone, “Gunshots fired!  We are going in!  We are going in!  SWAT team move in!”  
While the young suburb officer was giving the order, the city detective was already jogging toward the front door.  He knew SWAT and other armed officers were at his back. They were breaching that house, one way or another, with all the force that they could muster.

Chapter 63

Ashe couldn’t believe what had just happened.  It was impossible. But as he looked at his son’s limp, lifeless body, he knew it be real.  Scott was gone.  Taken.  Just like Susanne had been taken from him.  By a lunatic.  In an instant.  One minute they were alive and the next they were alive no longer.
	He had poked another bear and his son had been the one to pay the ultimate price that time, the same way his wife had paid when Ashe had poked his big stick at Steven Reynolds.  And it was all his fault, back then and right at that moment.  It was the only truth that he needed to take from it.  It was his fault and no one else’s.
	The ability to form words continued to elude him.  He could only stare at Lucky Barrett.  Ashe’s stare took up his entire material presence, involving more than just his two eyes.  The glare came from every fiber of his being.  And it remained unshaken, unbroken as the world around him began to explode.  Even as the Calvary invaded, officers and armored SWAT, Ashe refused to take his attention away from the man that had just killed his son.  If any part of him honestly believed in the paranormal and unexplained, he would have tried to kill the man with his thoughts.
	But that was impossible.
	Or was it?
	Vertigo took over Ashe’s senses and he could no longer identify up from down.  What he considered to be his deep rooted beliefs began to spin like a top.  What good were his beliefs, anyway?  He felt his whole self faltering, shuddering at a place beneath the skin, a low place within his body where his soul might be cradled, if a soul did indeed exist.  Maybe a soul did exist.  For the first time he considered the possibility, which went against everything that he had allowed himself to believe in.  He didn’t know what he honestly believed anymore.  His whole mountain of understanding was crumbling and rocks and boulders were falling all around him.  What good were his beliefs anyway?  Could everything he was sure of about the world be wrong?  Maybe the pill could foretell someone’s death?  That might indeed be possible.  Lucky Barrett knew it to be true, without a single ounce of doubt to sway him.  And so had Scott.  What made Ashe right and made them wrong?  What?  It was arrogance to assume that he was right about everything.
	Along with paranoia, arrogance controlled people like Franklin and Lucky Barrett.  And Ashe was far from immune to the effects of his own arrogance.  It had gotten his wife and son killed.  Maybe he should learn to look at the world differently, with an open mind to the impossible, to the limits of his psychological understanding, toward mysterious pills and future foretelling.  What else could be possible outside of his little box?
	He instantly came to the conclusion that he no longer had room for arrogance in his life.  He needed to throw out everything that he had had one hundred percent faith in and go back to square one.  He needed go back to being what the philosopher John Locke had called a Tabula Rasa…a blank slate, clear of anything that his education and experiences had jotted down upon the surface.  It would be erased at once, wiped clean, only to be covered back over with new and fresh information he obtained from new found and seemingly impossible perspectives.  
Even if he was to late save his son or his wife, he needed to take the journey from that point on.  Ashe needed to gut himself empty, because his so called knowledge had led to his destructive arrogance.  He no longer had knowledge.  He no longer knew shit about anything.
	It was all gone.  
	Oscar, his old friend, found him amongst the onslaught.  The detective was beginning to free Ashe when he noticed Scott’s form slumped over in the parallel chair.  Oscar instantly became like a statue, motionless.  “I’m sorry, my friend,” he said.  Breaking the temporary stillness, he grabbed a second to look back over his shoulders to make sure that Lucky Barrett was being secured, along with his armed goon.  He then continued to rid Ashe’s wrists and ankles of the wire restraints. Oscar brought his mouth close to Ashe’s ear.  “We have him.  We have him, Ashe.  And he will pay for this.  I promise you.”  
	Oscar stayed close, within arm’s reach, when Ashe was able to stand.  He watched for any sudden movements from his old friend.  But the psychologist didn’t have the energy to retaliate.  He could rush toward Lucky Barrett, ignited by a desire for immediate revenge.  Instead, he went over to Scott and closed his son’s eyelids.  
How could his son ever truly rest with his eyes wide open?  The psychologist wondered.  His eyes had been opened.  That phrase had come to mean something different.  Ashe, too, had had his own eyes opened.  He didn’t know if God had a hand in it or not but Ashe no longer ruled out the existence of God…or a God-like being.  His eyes had been truly opened to any and all possibilities, even those on the fringes of what science was able to explain.
“I’m sorry,” the father said to his son.  “I love you.  And I let you down.”  He kissed his son’s forehead, which was already becoming cold.  “I am truly sorry, my boy.  Forgive me.  Please.”
Oscar put a hand on Ashe’s shoulder.  
“Will you get me out of here, Oscar?”
“Where do you want to go?”
“Anywhere else,” Ashe replied.  “Anywhere else in the world...whatever world that I may have left, that is.”

Part Four
“So shall it be at the end of the world:  the angels shall come forth, and sever the wicked from among the unjust, and shall cast them into the furnace of fire:  there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth.”
--Mathew 13:47

Chapter 64

“Dust of the dead,” Ashe began.  “Inhaled each day.  In.  Through.  And out again.” He took a needed breath in order to stifle the ever present threat of tears.  The threat had circled him for the past few days, ever since his son was executed.  “Ashes to Ashes…one breath at a time.  In.  Through.  And out again.”  He paused one last time before finishing.  “Taste it on the tongue.  Those who fill our chests.  In.  Through.  And out again.”
  He brought his eyes up from the cemetery dirt and allowed the small group of people, family and friends to fill his view.  They were gathering, along with himself, for Scott’s funeral.  They come together, collected at the spot of ground where Scott would forever be laid and buried.  
Ashe was happy to see them.  He gave a nod to Oscar.  A smile to his sister.  He then forced another smile for Ginger, Rains, Phillips, Wiles, along with other familiar faces.  His sight lingered for a moment on the form of Katherine, who to his own surprise had showed up as well.  Her beautiful figure stayed at the back of the group.  She didn’t need to come but he was pleased that she had.  
“That was one of my wife’s own poems,” Ashe continued from his position in front of the freshly dug hole.  “I know that poems have complex levels and layers of meaning attached to them.  And I don’t always comprehend them, even though I consider myself to be a semi-intelligent fellow.  My wife, Susanne, would never let me in on the intended meanings to what she wrote. Even if I begged her.”  He nervously laughed to himself. “I remember how annoyed I would get when she refused to give me any insight into her work.  I forgave her for that, though, a very long time ago.  She claimed that I should find my own meaning.  A poem could be whatever I wanted it to be, she would say.  That that was the beauty of poetry…in her eyes.  And she was right.  Everyone could take their own interpretation from the words, the lines.”  
He inhaled and then exhaled.  
He trekked forward.  “This little poem was always special to me.  For me it was always about love and loss.  More now than ever before.  Dust of the dead.  Those who fill our chest.  The poem is stating that we are always breathing in those we have loved and lost…those that continue to fill our chest by way of memories and our never dying love for them.  In.  Through.  And out again.  With each breath.  For as long as we are able take the memories into our chests.”
He thought hard about his next words.
“My son Scott is being buried a murderer who was shot to death by another killer,” Ashe bluntly stated.  “To some people, to a lot of people, the facts are cut and dry.  But they are misguided by their own ignorance.  They don’t know what we know.  They didn’t see what we saw.  What I saw.  They didn’t experience what some of us experienced.  So they go on with their simple lives and condemn my son, a confused young man who was led astray by forces beyond his control.  It could have happened to any one of us, to any one of them.  But it didn’t.  It happened to Scott.  My son.  And he will forever be labeled a killer.  But not in my eyes.  And not in my heart.  I love you all.  I will always love my son…because I knew him…I knew his character…no matter what others may think.  If there is a heaven…Scott is there…with his mother.  I am sure of it.  The innocent would never go anyplace else.”
	“Amen,” Oscar chimed in, his almost unrecognizable accent largely present in the vibrations of his lord’s word.  “We all love Scott.  And we love you, too, Ashe.”  
	“Thank you, old friend,” Ashe replied, letting a couple tears escape.  “That means a lot.  Thank you all for coming.  Scott and I both appreciate having you here.  Thank you from the bottom of our hearts.”  Leaning down, he scooped up a handful of dirt and turned to pour it down into the hole where his son’s casket had already been lowered.  He watched as the dirt trickled downward, fighting a subtle breeze in order to reach the top of the polished wooden box.  Picking his head back up, he ended the ceremony by saying, “I love my son and he loved m.”
	Everyone nodded agreement.
	The small group began to disperse, each one making their way to Ashe for their final condolences, before returning to their daily lives or a future alcoholic beverage.  They would move on.  Some would move on right away, while others would heal a little slower, but would heal nonetheless.  But Ashe never would move on or heal.  He would never be able to.
	He shook hands as his friends and family shuffled to and away from him.  Oscar was the last person to approach him and Ashe hung on to the man’s handshake long after it was over with.  “Give me some news, Oscar.”
	“You don’t need this right now, man,” Oscar insisted, but his conviction instantly wavered and Ashe knew he would talk.  He just had to be silent until Oscar told him what he wanted to know. “He was officially charged with first degree murder.  We thought that he would confess as soon as someone got a recorder under lips, letting his psychotic ego do the talking, but he tightened up his lips.  I honestly didn’t think that the arrogant bastard could help but to brag about his first real kill, but his mouth sealed up nice and tight.  But we don’t really need his confession to put his ass away.  It would only make the process quicker, smoother.  I’m sure that if he had confessed, it would have been some long-winded fit of  ranting and raving.”
	“We don’t need his confession?”
	“Nope,” Oscar assured him.  “Don’t worry, my man.  The odds are stacked against the asshole.  The trial may not prove to be as fast as his brother Franklin’s, but it will still make your head spin.  He will get no less than twenty-five to life, I’m sure.  Especially once your well-spoken, highly professional ass takes the stand and speaks out against him.   He doesn’t have a chance in hell.  I almost feel sorry for the crazy bastard.  And, thankfully, there will be no way that he will get sent to Wilson,  even though you might actually want that to happen…you know…so that you can get your hands on him, yourself.  It won’t happen, my friend.  The court wouldn’t let it happen.  He will go somewhere else, hopefully far away.”
	“Only twenty-five to life?  Chance of parole?”
	“A chance.  Yes.  But don’t worry about that, either,” Oscar assured him.  “That was just one charge.  Scott’s murder is the jumping off point.  The castle that is Lucky Barrett is crumbling into the ocean.  Information is coming to light left and right, and it is information that should have been exposed years ago.  Take away a man’s power and control so that the people no longer fear him and they immediately begin to storm the walls and the gates, with pitchfork and torches.”
	“You’re being awfully symbolic today, Oscar,” Ashe pointed out. “Crumbling castles.  Angry medieval mobs.  You are obvious happy with the way that things are unfolding.”
“He will go to prison, Ashe, and never get out…alive,” Oscar assured him.  “I promise you that.”
	“But he will still be able to draw air into his lungs,” Ashe said.  “That is more than my son will be able to do in his current condition.  It isn’t fair, Oscar.  It isn’t fair at all.”
	“Is it ever?” Oscar asked.  “And don’t be so sure about him being able to draw in air for too long.  Lucky has enemies all over the country.  Wherever he goes, there is a chance someone there will want him dead.  And while in prison he will susceptible to attack.”
	“No one wants him dead as much as I do,” Ashe lied and then sighed.  For a brief moment his anguish gave him the urge to remove Lucky Barrett’s head from his neck, but another desire had since taken its place.  It was a desire for the honest-to-God truth behind all that happened.  Why was the mean for it?  What was the pill, really?  Lucky Barrett could still be the only accessible person to Ashe that may know the truths.  He wanted those truths and the understandings that may come along with it more than his body wanted air to breathe.
Ashe took a moment to change the subject.  
 “Can I ask you a question?  Is there any chance that that stupid fucking pill could actually do what Barrett and Scott believed? Owen and Scott had an issue one night which resulted in an altercation.  Owen had also committed a series attacks when he had been a teenager.  What if Owen was going to eventually have another one of his violent episodes while in some kind drug induced haze, killing Scott in the process?   It there any chance that Scott was made aware the attack before it actually took place?”
	“Not a chance,” Oscar instantly blurted.  
	Ashe tilted his head.  “Not at all?  But you believe that the lord had granted John the Apostle visions of Armageddon, the end of the world as we know it?” 
	“Without a doubt.”
	“You are a complicated man, Oscar,” Ashe stated.
	“Not really,” Oscar explained.  “I hunt down bad men and I either get the chance to arrest them or I end up killing them.  Sometimes they get away.  Sometimes they do not get away.  It’s pretty simple.”
	“It just might be,” Ashe admitted.  “Did you ever find a black and gold container in Amber Barrett’s house?”
	“Yea,” Oscar replied. “We found it in the upstairs bedroom.  It was empty, though.”
	The psychologist was taken aback, his eyes becoming wide.  “You think Scott took the pill after all?  That he knew he was about to die?  That he died believing that he could change it again somehow, like he had changed it the first time? He may have even died believing that I would find a way to save him?” 
	“I don’t know what your son went to the grave believing,” Oscar clarified.  “However, I do not think he saw his own death.  I don’t think that at all.  And whether he took the pill before dying or not, I can’t say for certainty.  Toxicology hasn’t come back, yet.  I will have Ginger pay extra attention for signs of that god damned pill.  If you want.”
	Ashe did.
	“You need to quit beating yourself up with these ideas,” Oscar demanded.  “It will only drive you crazy, my friend.  When Susanne died…you retreated from everything…and dove into that prison…further than I ever thought possible.  I don’t want to see that happen again.  I don’t.  I don’t want to lose my friend again.  You hear me?  Are you hearing me?”
	“I hear you,” he lied.  “I will do my best.  I am not going anywhere Oscar.  I swear.  I may not even go back to my job at all.  Not sure there is a point any longer.”
	“Your job is important, my friend,” Oscar insisted.
	“How so?  What difference do I make in the end?  What point is any of it?”
	“Keep your head,” the detective said.  “It won’t be easy, or even close to bearable for a long time.  It is also natural to have crisis of conscious.  You are going to question…everything you know and think you know.”
	“Why don’t you just take my job,” Ashe replied.  “You sound more like a psychologist than I do right now.”
	“I could never be you, Ashe,” Oscar admitted.
	“I don’t know if I can still be me either,” the psychologist stated.  “But I won’t disappear either.  I promise.”
	“Good.”  Oscar put his hand on Ashe’s shoulder, the same way he had that night in Oak Hill.  “I’ve got to head back to the station.  The wicked never rest…so neither can I.  Call me.  If you need anything.  Anything at all. Okay?”
	“Yes,” Ashe said.  “I will.”
	“Take care, Ashe,” Oscar stated and turned away.
	“You too.”
	Oscar gave Ashe one last glance over his shoulder.  Ashe watched his friend pull away before marching toward his own vehicle.  Waiting at his Mazda was Katherine. He instantly felt a low tingle at the sight of her.  At that moment he realized that she had not come to him like the rest of those who had attended the funeral.  She had stayed back.
	“You got any place in particular to go, Doc?” she asked.
	“Not really,” he answered.
	“Want to come home with me?  Forget about everything for a while?”
	Ashe forced a grin.  The grin wasn’t hard to force because he did want to go with her.  He really, really did.  And no more thought was needed.  He simply did.  


Chapter 65

While Katherine snored deeply, Ashe slid from her bed.  It was daylight, but he still felt like he was sneaking out of a casual lover’s bedroom in the middle of the night.   But he knew that he was not sneaking away from a one night stand, or a one day stand for that matter.  There would be many other nights and days with Katherine.  Why wouldn’t there be?  Katherine was not a casual lover.  Or maybe she was.  All Ashe knew was that when he was with her, in bed, nothing else mattered, nothing else even existed.  
Everyone needed that in their lives.  
Didn’t they? 
Didn’t they?
	Ashe didn’t dress in the bedroom.  He took his clothing with him and put them on once he was in a different room.  Katherine’s parents had a quant house, like his own, like the one where Scott had died.  The living room was about the same size.  He shook the thoughts away and finished getting dressed.
	Before he knew it, he was in his car pulling away from the side of the narrow street.  Ashe watched in the rearview mirrors as Katherine’s house fell away.  Sadness briefly tickled his chest.  He immediately stuffed it back down.  The sadness had been born from a confliction that existed inside of him.  Part of him wanted to turn the car around and return to Katherine’s warm bed.  And that particular part of his mind wanted nothing more than to be oblivious for a little while longer.  But Ashe knew that it wasn’t possible.  It wasn’t possible because the other part of his mind was stronger, more dedicated and it refused to waver from the intended course.  It would insist that he continued to drive the Mazda forward down the road.  And Ashe would obey, focusing his energy on the destination ahead.  
Making his way out of town, Ashe pointed the car toward the highways.  He understood that he was giving into what could be a stupid and dangerous compulsion, one that had been holding sway over his mind for the past couple of days.  But he didn’t care one bit.  Since he had decided to proceed, for good or for bad, he would not stop until he followed the path from start to finish, no matter where it led him. 
Ashe took nearly an hour of nonstop driving to reach the large house.  He didn’t park in the front, by the metal gate, but drove slowly past, to the far side of the massive brick wall that surrounded the grounds.  As he crept by in his car, he noticed that a word had been bent and formed into the brown steel bars of the gate’s curved top.  He read it aloud, venom dripping from each syllable. 
 “Barrett.”  
Ashe parked his Mazda on the side of the tall wall, out of sight of the front of the structure.
It was smaller than a true mansion, but bigger than most houses in Ashe’s neck of the woods.  He was actually impressed by it.  He would have been more impressed by the structure if it didn’t appear to be deserted.  Appear?  It was deserted.  And had been for some time.  Even though it was indeed deserted, the property appeared to be professionally maintained.  The grass was cut and the bushes were trimmed.  Someone was obviously being compensated to provide consistent upkeep to the abandoned residence, perhaps based on a lingering notion that someone, perhaps another family member would eventually want to live there.  
Too much pain had been wrought within the walls of the large house.  Ashe knew the history all too well.  The building was a monument to it.  And with the specters that must certainly be roaming the halls and haunting the rooms, he couldn’t picture anyone coming around to make their family home from the bones of the well-known tragedy.  No one in the right frame of mind, that was.  But Ashe had to at once surrender to the fact that there were many, many people who lacked a stable frame of mind.  There were also many people confident and whole enough to peer past the exterior, look beyond the history.  That type of human being might hold the ability to see nothing but the houses potential, insisting that they could wash away the blood, shoo away the ghost, and make it new again.  
Ashe opened up his mind and wiped away everything that he had been told about the house.  He attempted to view it through fresh eyes.  And he could, in fact, picture how the place could be reborn.
It would take a far more passionate man then himself, Ashe figured.  But it could be done.
The psychologist then considered the future that was more than likely in store for the house.  It would sit dismissed for many years until one day a member of the Barrett clan decided to swat away the cobwebs and make it their own.  They would build a family.  And their history would become imprinted, giving the ongoing cycle another rotation.  Only the total destruction of fire could end it, because the smoking remains would prove almost impossible to save. 
Only a phoenix could rise from the ashes.
Ashe went up to the side of the red brick wall that surrounded and enclosed the property.  There had to be a way over.  The only way through would be by entering by way of the metal gate, but that was not an option.  After scanning the area for nearly a minute, he found what was searching for.  In the back corner of the wall, a tree growing out the outside of the grounds had been allowed to extend a limb overtop of the wall.  It hung out over the boundaries of the property.  
Oversight?   
Maybe.  
Franklin Barrett had not been ruled by the all-encompassing paranoia that had plagued his brother, because Franklin had not constantly consumed the white pill over a course of years.   And he must not have been afraid of any of his enemies trespassing from the trees, Ashe assumed.  More proof that Franklin was not as deranged as his older brother, Lucky.  Ashe was also more than sure that Lucky Barrett would have never let a single break in his parameter go unnoticed, whether from above or below.   He would have cut down every tree if he thought they might have provided unwanted entry.  
Leave no tree to grow, Lucky might have proclaimed in a manic tone.  Leave no underground passageway undiscovered, either.
Ashe inspected the tree thoroughly.  Tucked in the back pocket his pants were a pair of thick gloves.  He removed the gloves from the pocket and slipped them on.  He began to scale the trunk of the tree.  It was hard going and almost took two minutes before he was able to reach the bottom limb.  From that point on the climb was a piece of cake, even for an old, tired man.  
Keeping a relaxed eye out for nosy neighbors, he ascended several feet further.  He didn’t worry too much about being observed by onlookers because there were no homes near enough to witness his attempted intrusion.  And Ashe wouldn’t have cared if there had been a mob of concerned citizens below him, yelling and screaming and trying to force him back to the ground.  Let them try and stop him.  They would not succeed. not when he had obsession on his side.  The remaining questions, those left in the wake Scott’s death, had full claim over his attention and his focus.  An answer might still remain over the fence inside the former home of Franklin Barrett.  Nothing would deter him from getting to it, not even a crowd of viscous neighbors.  
	Arriving at the long limb that stretched out onto the property, Ashe began to scoot himself along it.  Muscles in his forearms and calves burned and ached.  They quivered more and more the further out he crawled.  When his body was beyond the limits of the wall, he looked down and considered leaping to the grass.  But didn’t.  Instead Ashe decided to hang himself from the bottom of the tree limb, closing the gap between himself and the hard earth. 
	He went for a one…two…three count but barely made it to the first number before his arms gave out. The drop hurt Ashe’s knees, but the ache dissipated as he made his way across the short stretch of green yard.  As he jogged, he kept his eyes out for any caregivers that might have been lurking around the premises.  He didn’t want to have to react if he became spotted.  He didn’t want to hurt them.  They were just doing their jobs… serving the needs of the Barrett family.  
	The front of the house consisted of a massive porch that was constructed from stone.  It was a prefect shade of off white.  And it appeared flawless.  Not a single crack to be seen.  Money could often buy what appeared to be perfection, but that type of perfection never went any further than the immediate exterior.  Inside, below the illusion of flawlessness, was where the blemishes were concealed, hidden away from the naked eye.  Cracks and fissures could go unnoticed, spreading and growing, until what was once thought to be flawless became broken and fractured.
	Bounding up the rock steps, Ashe found the front door, which was actually a pair of thick wooden doors, enormous in girth and finely stained.  Expensive did not quit cover the impression the massive doors gave off.  He could almost hear the vibrations of power and prestige pulsating through them. 
Ashe looked closer at entrance to the house.
The two doors could not have been made from any of the trees found in Ohio.  Lumber from a larger, denser woodlands had to have been brought in from another state or even another country.  Or maybe the doors themselves had been crafted somewhere else and then transported their current home.  
Staring at the doors, he wondered how he was going to get through them and into the house.  Kicking them down would prove to be a pointless effort.  Ashe though it over before trying one of the knobs.  Unlocked.  Oscar’s lord must finally be on the psychologist’s side.
He pushed the door open and entered.
	Even though the sun was still bright outside, as it had been ever since the rain had finally cleared a day ago, it was difficult to see in the dingy building.  Ashe could see dust everywhere, a fine layer of the substance had settled over nearly everything.  He would have to watch where he touched, so that the age of the house didn’t rub off and onto his own person.   How could a cared for home be in such bad shape?  He figured that, for some reason, the workers seemed to have been neglecting the interior of the house, for favor of the lawn and shrubbery. 
Was it out of discomfort?  Did the house bother the caregivers like it was bothering Ashe?  It was giving the psychologist a sense of unease.   He couldn’t put his finger on a singular cause, meaning that it had to be a mixture of factors, a combination of history and the atmosphere, both of the past horror and the current disdain.  
He needed to find what he sought and then get back at quickly, Ashe told himself.
	Sunlight seemed to regard the area within the walls of the Barrett-owned structure as off limits, because little of it pierced the dusty glass of the windows.  And even though there was a lot of space to move about, the house still felt stuffy, claustrophobic.  Ashe’s temperature rose and his breathing became tight.  He tried to flee the uncomfortable sensations by quickly moving forward, toward a nearby staircase.  He was worried about how much dust he might have been inhaling.  The thought of it being sucked into his lungs caused the pressure of the claustrophobia upon him to increase. 
	Ashe grew overly anxious, causing his flight impulse to kick in.  He would not take flight from the house, however.   He refused.  Closing his eyes, he fought for control over his own body.  He relaxed his breathing and gathered his thoughts.  Memories of the crime scene photos tried appear to him, but Ashe turned his mind away from them.  The gory pictures would stay away from his mind’s eye.  In the span of a couple minutes, he calmly regained enough composure to concentrate. Something told him that the master bedroom would be somewhere on the second floor, which was why Ashe was making his way toward the stairs.  He would have to go up.
Ashe had learned his lesson from when he had snuck into Scott’s apartment, both times.  Reaching into the pocket of his black slacks, he retrieved a narrow blue flashlight.  He had stored it in the trunk of his Mazda in case of a break down or any other emergency.  He had forgotten that it existed until that morning.  For some reason it came back to him, coincidently at the same instant that he decided to break into Franklin Barrett’s former home.
Pushing a soft and circular spot at the tail of the thin flashlight, Ashe brought it to life.  The way ahead became instantly visible.  For such a small device, the beam that was created was more than sufficient. Dust floated into and out of the beam, up and down, around and around.  They danced like little pixies upon the air, fully visible only by way of a beam of light.   
The sight of the dancing dust gave Ashe a melancholic feeling.  Susanne’s poem returned to his thoughts.  Dust of the dead.  Ashes to ashes.  The path that living things must in time take.  From ashes to ashes.  From dust to dust.  It was more than just the path forced upon human beings, he realized.  It was the path for everything.  Everything sprung from the ashes only to return there once their lives ended.  Experiences.  Knowledge.  Families.  Life and all that was included in that word.  It all returned in time to dust, to ashes.  
He would one day be dust, inhaled by those that loved him, Ashe believed.  
While climbing the tall stairs, he thought about the word ash.  He thought about his own name.  When he was a young boy, he had occasionally asked his mother and father why they had named him Ashe.  They had sometimes laughed to themselves before changing the subject. Or they had occasionally replied with an off the wall reason, like how the stork had dropped him down their chimney and he was covered in the soot of burnt wood the first time they had laid their eyes on him.  They had never uttered a real answer.  It had sometimes irritated Ashe.  But he had eventually grown to appreciate his name and the uniqueness of it.
He was one of a kind, at least in one specific way.
	As he reached the top of the stairs and viewed the long hallway in front of him, Ashe began to view his name as one big inside joke his parents shared.  They had understood the inevitable end that Ashe, like every other person, would have to face.  Ashes to ashes.  And with the knowledge and understanding of the looming end, his parents had labeled him as such.  
Ashe.  
Thinking about it for another couple of seconds, he altered his conclusion a small degree to the left.  His parents, Hannah and Bert Walters, had understood and perhaps even obliged the end of their and every other living thing’s life.  But they had also chosen to pucker up and spit in the face of that fate.  They had named their child Ashe, telling death that they knew him and knew his purpose.  But…so what?  What did it matter?  Their one and only son would meet the reaper head on, staring strongly at the symbolic cowl and scythe, with the label of his destiny proudly displayed.  
He was Ashe.  And he would go to ashes with his head held high.
At the end of the hall was an open door, beckoning him to enter.  He listened to the call and headed straight for it.  Along the way he thought more about his parents.  His mother was long dead, having met her ashes a couple decades years before.  His father was still hanging on, even though his memory and sense of self had been replaced by agitation, senility, and fantastic thoughts and ideas that were far from reality.  He was alive but lost.  And it appeared as if he would remain lost until the day that he finally met his own ashes.
One of the reasons Ashe had initially begun to study psychology was to better understand the disease that was taking his father away.  The symptoms had showed themselves early and rapidly took the mind of Bert Walters.  Ashe had wanted to find a cure…a way to help his old man.  Befuddlement had taken the place of clear thought.  But psychology wasn’t the avenue he should have taken, because he only learned how to understand and identify the disease, but not treat it.  Only actual medical doctors could do that for his father.  
Before being able to switch his studies to medicine, Ashe found himself seduced by forensic psychology, understanding the place where psychology and the legal system collided, appreciating the minds and methods of convicted criminals.  Once hooked, he had been unable and unwilling to alter his course.
	Pushing the memories to the back of his skull, Ashe cautiously entered what he immediately concluded to be the master bedroom.  He had been correct about the far opened door, after all.  And yet he was surprised that he had found the room so quickly in the large house.  Somehow, his gut and instincts had led him directly to the only room in the house he had sought.  It was too easy, too simple.  Ashe wondered when the ball would drop.  Because the ball always dropped, it was the universe’s way of balancing things out.
	Good was at once met with the bad.  It was nature at its cruelest.
 The room was clearly cleaner than the other places of the house, the ones that Ashe had been able to see, anyway.  A little dust was present but the layer was vaguely visible and far from extensive.  The queen sized bed was neatly made.  Ashe couldn’t stop himself from picturing Sue Ann Barrett, covered in blood, her throat slit from ear to ear, dying in the same bed that she had shared with the man who had killed her.  But whatever blood that had been spilt that day had long been removed.  Or had it.
Ashe wondered what realities a black light would reveal.  How deep did the cleansing actually go?  If he waved a florescent wand over top of the bed, would it turn back into a scene of slaughter?  
	Putting himself at the center of the room, he began to look around.  Like the rest of structure, the master bedroom had become a sealed tomb, one that would always contain the deeds and sins of Franklin Barrett. 
Ashe contemplating on how Franklin might have received the pill, but it could have been through a number of different avenues.  It could have been given to him in the place of aspirin for a headache.  Anything was possible.  The how or why no longer bothered Ashe.  He only wanted to know where Franklin might have kept any possible remaining pills. Ashe was working on the theory that Franklin had been given more than one.  But he might have only been given a single pill.  That was a very real possibility.
Most rich people, especially those who were on the level of wealth that Franklin Barrett had once been, often used hiding spots to hold personal items, whether safety deposit boxes or false boards in the floor.  The more money that the person had acquired, the further they would go to keep their secrets from prying eyes.  The desire to hide things came from the distrust that normally accompanied large amounts of wealth.  Everything became private, off limits, and in one of those hiding spots Ashe might find the remaining pills, if there was in fact more than one pill.  
There had to have been more than one pill put into the hands of Franklin Barrett.  Please let it be true.  Ashe desperately pleaded with the fates.  
Wide pictures still hung on the walls.  All of the portraits were oil paintings depicting images from nature, from a quiet green meadow to a roaring thunderstorm, its lighting spreading out across the sky like a violent spider’s web.  Directly above the bed, hung on the wall, he found the one painting in the room that did not depict a scene from nature.  It was much bigger than the others, as well.  The painting showed Franklin, his wife, and their son, smiling broadly for the artist who was transferring their likeness onto the canvass.   The psychologist preferred the image before him over the pictures held in Oscar’s investigation folder.  In the family portrait, they were alive and appeared loving.  It was apparent that they were enjoying each other’s company.  
	How true was it, though? It could all have been an act for the sake appearing happy.  He just couldn’t be sure if the emotions being shared between the family members on the surface of the painting were genuine?  If so, how swiftly did it they alter?  How quickly did it all change?  Ashe couldn’t know.  He would never know.
He moved closer the family portrait but stopped before making more than a couple of steps. He could envision Franklin Barrett burying his personal items beneath the noses of his own family, but behind their family portrait was not deep enough.  It was also cliché.  
	Beneath Ashe’s heels was a woven rug that covered the floor at the middle of the room.  It was made with tightly woven stitches that formed abstract shapes and patterns.  It reminded him of a colorful Rorschach Test.  Getting to his knees, Ashe put himself closer to the rug.  He knocked on the floor in several places before hearing a solid steel thump.  He wondered if Franklin’s wife and son had known about the floor safe.  They must have, but they certainly didn’t have access to the contents inside.  That would defeat the purpose of trying to keep his secrets from them.
	Going to the edge of the rug, Ashe pulled it away to reveal an average sized floor safe.  The door was a plain gray, having only one thing protruding from its face, a simple handle and a black keypad covered in numbers.
	What was the combination?
	Ashe gave the family portrait a long examination, while still remaining perched over the floor safe.  The feelings were real, at one point in time.  Possibly.  They might have actually existed.  He wanted it to be true.  He needed it to be true.  And with that desire he pulled out his cell phone and dialed Oscar’s number.
	It rang twice before the detective was on the other end.  “Ashe?  I did not expect to hear from you so soon.  What is going on?”
	“What are the birth dates for Sue Ann and Kennedy Barrett?”
	“Don’t do this to yourself, Ashe,” Oscar begged.  “Let it go.  You need time to heal.”
	“I need those birth dates,” the psychologist insisted.  “You said you would do anything to help me.  Anything I asked.  I am asking for these birth dates.  Are you going to help me or not?”
	“Where are you?”
	“Nowhere.”
	Oscar grunted. “Damn it, Ashe.  I hope you know what you are doing.  Hold on.”  He was away from the phone for what seemed to Ashe like an eternity.  When Oscar returned,  he spouted off a series of numbers.  “I really hope you know what you are doing.”
	“I do.”
	“Ashe?” Oscar added before his friend hung up.  “Franklin Barrett is dead.”
	“What?” he exclaimed.  “How?”
	“Someone inside Wilson had slid a shank between his ribs during lunch…five times,” Oscar explained.  “It was broken up and Barrett was rushed to the infirmary but he died too quickly for them to do anything.  I can’t say whether it was beef or a hit.  I can’t be sure, right now.  Do you think Lucky had his own brother taken out?  Clear up any loose ends?  Would Franklin be considered a loose end?  Buddy?  You still there?”
	Ashe didn’t reply.  He merely hung up.  And then turned his cell completely off.
	He had planned on having words with Franklin Barrett somewhere down the line, once the fallout had settled.  During the sessions in his office and the conversation held on D Block, Ashe had acquired a hunch that Franklin remained loyal to his brother, even loved and admired him.  Ashe would have used that, along with his own knowledge about Lucky Barrett, to get Franklin to turn on his brother.  He would show Franklin that his brother was to blame for what had happened to him, that he was a victim the same as his wife and son.  They were all victim of Lucky.  Ashe would make him believe the truth.  
	But that opportunity had been taken away.
	He only had what was inside the safe at his feet.  
	Ashe entered the birth date of Sue Ann Barrett.  He punched the numbers quickly and groaned when nothing happened.  He tried to turn the silver handle but it refused to budge.  “Fuck!”  He had one more chance, though.  He entered the numbers of Kennedy Barrett’s birth date, doing it slower than he had entered his mother’s.  He cautiously pushed in the last digit.  He then turned the silver handle and prepared himself for another failure.  But the handle turned and Ashe heard the door of the safe release itself.  	
	Ashe pulled on the door and watched as it swung upward and held.  It was open.  His wife or son had to have been able to figure out the simple number combination.  They must not have ever tried.  Out of devotion?  Or obedience?  He would most likely never find any more pieces to that puzzle either, even if he regained the stamina to search for them.  It would remain incomplete, annoyingly so. 
	There was more empty space than Ashe had anticipated.  It looked almost bare.  But it did make it easier for him to scan over and identify what was present.  Inside of the safe, from what he could tell, were a few random things.  There were stacks of papers and sealed documents, most likely dealing with business endeavors.  He considered opening and leafing through the documents for anything concerning any possible life insurance Franklin may have had.  It was one the central theme that had been at root of the murderers.  But Ashe chose against it.  There were also old photos of what might have been family members, maybe even kid pictures of Kennedy.   At the far bottom were three tall stacks of twenty dollar bills. He didn’t reach for any of those items, not even the money.  Instead he jolted his hand toward the small cluster of black and gold containers that were grouped together at the bottom corner of the safe.
	Score.
	The score almost dwindled away as Ashe began to open the containers.  They were empty. One by one he found them that way.  Cleaned out.  It wasn’t until he opened the last container did he expose a single white pill.  It looked harmless.  But he knew otherwise. 
	After tucking away the container into his pocket, Ashe closed the safe.  He then returned the rug before rushing off.  He continued the rush until he was outside and covered with the rays of the sun.  The light of day greeted him by falling over his shoulders.  He felt the chill of the abandoned house washing from him.
	He ran back over to the wall and the tree but realized that he would have to find another way out.  He never considered that he would not be able to leave along the same route that he had used to enter the grounds.  Distraught, he began to survey his surroundings, searching for a way out.  He saw motion, what might have been movement on the far corner of the long house.
	Attempting to sneak, Ashe moved carefully, circling behind the possible movement.  A well-aged gentleman wearing dirty coveralls was standing there, lost in thought.  The old man’s eyes didn’t look at anything particular because his mind had taken over.  He didn’t even notice as Ashe came up behind to put the smaller tip of the flashlight against his back.  
	The man yelped in surprise.
	“Don’t move,” Ashe said in a deeper than usual voice.  “I will shoot you right in the spine if you try anything.  You understand?”
	The gentleman understood.
	The psychologist led the caretaker to the front gate, each man remaining silent. The gate was built to keep out unwanted vehicles and Ashe assumed that it opened and closed electronically, possibly controlled by a device inside what appeared to be a guard station.  It would take too long and be too complex to guide the caretaker to the station and have him release the large gate.  Instead, he looked to a smaller door built into the massive wall and positioned near to the gate.  It looked like a normal door.  He could use a normal door.  But it would obviously be locked.
	When the psychologist had alarmed the caretaker, he had noticed a plastic badge hanging from the man’s belt by a black cord.
	“The door,” Ashe whispered.  “Go to it. Open it.”
 	Once the badge was swiped and the door was unlocked, Ashe clubbed the old caretaker on the back of the head with the flashlight.  He then bolted through the door.  He wanted to get far away from that damned building.  He may never be fully able to wash the dust of the house from his skin, but he would scrub and scrub anyway.  The dust may one day come clean from his flesh, but he honestly doubted it.
Chapter 66

Ashe was glad to be back home, back to his house, his sanctuary.  It was a safe place.  And he hoped that it would always be exactly that.  He wouldn’t know what to do if his own home became compromised, tainted, by whatever nastiness from the outside world may choose to creep through the doorway.  He wouldn’t know how to act if he lost his only remaining safe haven from dirtiness of existence. 
	He hadn’t always viewed his house as a safe haven from the world, a place where he could return to when he wanted to escape.  But in a way it always had been.  He was only then realizing that fact. And he would fight anything or anyone that tried to take it away from him.  Ashe didn’t have much left to hold.  What he did have, he would hold onto with an iron grip, one that would be nearly impossible to break, as long as he still lived.
	The events of the past few days had altered Ashe.  He felt changed in ways he never thought possible.  He felt like a different creature, a more feral being than he had been before.  He may forever be the new beast, whether he wanted to or not, but his home was the same.  He wondered if it would forever remain that way.
	Ashe leapt from his dining room table, where he had been sitting, lost in thought, as the old man had been before Ashe had put a flashlight to his back and inferred that it had been a gun.  He went to the front door and checked the locks.  Enabled.  He then checked the locks on the back door, which was also engaged.  He followed the safety checks of the doors by making sure that the windows in the house were also locked tight.
Ashe knew that he was only temporality satisfied.  He would get up to checking them again in another hour or so, because he would doubt the previous check.  He might have been mistaken, might have missed a window, Ashe would tell himself before storming back and forth across the house making sure that the locks were indeed enabled and engaged.  
	He was not naïve enough to believe that there wouldn’t be a bit of backlash on him for what happened with the Barrett family.  Because of Lucky and Franklin, he had become a buzzing in the ears of the other family members, too.  Ashe had possibly become a blip on their radar.  And he also never fully shook the feeling that there was a real connection between the Barrett family and Steven Reynolds.  Franklin Barrett had taunted him with man’s name but how much of the taunting was based on something real.  Could his involvement with Barrett brothers put him back on Steven Reynolds’ radar as well?  He didn’t know, but he had no choice but to fear and prepare the worst.
Ashe tried to push it all from his thoughts, but he couldn’t move it that far.  It was too heavy. For what might have been an hour, he sat and stared at the pill and the black and gold container, which was sitting on the surface of the table.  The pill seemed to stare back.  It was the cause of it all. He was finding himself blaming Lucky, but the pill was equally to blame.  Whatever it was and wherever it came from, the little white thing was right at the core of the whole mess.  And Ashe wasn’t much closer to understanding it than he was on the night that he had found the remnants of it in Scott’s bedroom.
	He needed a beer.  A Sam Adams was always in the fridge, chilled and waiting for his consumption.  But Ashe never made it to the fridge.  He never made it past the old fashioned answering machine.  The number one still remained on the machine’s display.  The number one…taunting him.  Before he could stop himself, he pushed play.
	“Sweetheart,” Susanne Walters said.  “Love you.  Love you.”  Ever since his wife was killed, Ashe had to deal with low points, points where he didn’t know what he was doing or why he was trying to do it.  Those points had been numerous in the beginning, but had grown few and far between as Ashe made his way through the lengthy and difficult grieving period.  But he had once again found himself at a low point, a point seemingly lower than all those that had come before it. 
 He listened to sounds of Susanne.  
Whenever he would play his wife’s message, her voice was loving, caring, delicate, and at peace.  Because that was the way he wanted to remember her.  Loving.  Caring.  Delicate.  At peace.  But Ashe knew, like his own father, that he was hanging on to fantasy.  He had given himself a false reality and hung on to it even though he knew it to be fake. 
The answering machine continued to play and Ashe forced himself to face the message head on.  He couldn’t remember the last time that he had allowed the message to play beyond the first few sentences.  He rarely let go beyond the declaration of love.   At once the sick and sad fantasies began to fade to nothing, like a dream sometimes did upon waking.  
He listened closely.
“I just wanted to let you know that none of this is your fault,” Susanne explained.  She struggled to speak on, but she got the words out regardless of the intense pain she was being bombarded with.  “You didn’t do this, Ashe.  You didn’t do anything wrong.  I don’t want you living with this on your shoulders.  You hear me, hun?  This…is not your fault.  I love you, my dearest.  Tell Scott that I love him, too.  I am sorry, Ashe.  I am sorry that this going to happen to you, my dearest.  You will survive.”  She fought for air.  “You are strong…and so is our son.  Cherish the moments together.  After I am gone, you will have each other.”  She made a noise as if she wanted to say something more but the message was suddenly filled a loud mechanical noise, as if the phone was being ripped from her grasp.
Ashe began to sob but refused to turn off the message.
Another voice spoke.  “A strong woman till the end, your wife seems to be, Dr. Walters.”  Steven Reynolds had a high pitched range to his voice.  It was a voice that had been burned into Ashe’s brain, where it would remain until he died.  “But she is wrong.  Undeniably so, I am afraid.  It is your fault.  All of it.  What is happening to your wife is because of you and no one else.  You get that…doctor?  Her life may be coming to an end in only a few minutes, but you have years to live with what you did to her.  I hope it hurts.  Just promised me one thing, doctor.  Promise me that you won’t take your own life.  I wouldn’t want your guilt and anguish to end before it had run its course. That would a shame…and a waste.”
There was a few seconds of silence.
Steven Reynolds returned to add, “You can find her at The Sunset Inn just a couple miles from the North Campus of YSU.  I’m sure it won’t be hard for an intelligent man like yourself to find.  And don’t worry, I will be long gone by the time you get here.  It was nice meeting you, Dr. Walters.  And I am glad we could have this last talk.  Maybe you could even save this message and play it once in a while, to remind you how your wife suffered and died because of your actions.  Bye-bye.”
The definitive click of the ended call was the last sound to be heard and caused Ashe to nearly fall to the floor beneath his weakened knees.  He held himself up by leaning his weight against the nearby counter top.  He reached his hand out toward the erase button, as he had multiples time before.  And like those time, he never pushed it.
“I should have saved you, baby,” Ashe forced through his clenched throat.  “I should have been there to stop him.”  He thought about the black and gold container and the pill that was inside.  If it was true…if it was true…why couldn’t he have had it in his possession back then.  “If I would have had that pill, back then, you could have taken it.  You would have seen that bastard coming.  We would have seen him coming.  We would have known.  We could have stopped him.  I am so sorry.  I am sorry, my sweet, sweet Susanne.  I’m sorry.”
Ashe wobbled his way back over to the dining room table.  He collapsed onto his chair.  
If he had only known.
Susanne would still be alive.
If he had only known ahead of time.
Before he could change his mind, Ashe picked up the white pill and tossed it into his throat.  He nervously swallowed.  He felt the pill as it slid down his still stiffened neck.  
He waited for several minutes without anything.  
Suddenly, whiteness began to take over his sight.  It started from the corners of his vision and fluidly worked itself across his eyes, like spreading milk, until nothing was left but the white.  What little sense of self that was left to him, experienced the sensation of flight.  He was both afraid and curious as he tried to anticipate where the flight might take him and what he might witness when he arrived.
