Gulliver Station: A New Start
By Connie Cockrell
Published by Connie Cockrell at Smashwords
Copyright © 2014 by Connie Cockrell
Cover Art by Connie Cockrell
All rights reserved.
ISBN:9781311624215



Dedication

To my Daughter for setting me on the path.


Acknowledgements

To Karen Heinecke, Diane Nash, and Tim and Ruth Fleming for editing and beta reading this manuscript.  To Randy Cockrell for doing the final line edits. To my friends at Forward Motion (http://www.fmwriters.com) and to Power Writing Hour for their support.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



ONE

Fergus Boylan, Interim Station Manager, watched from the dock as the passenger ship Hydra unloaded the last of its passengers. All of the passengers who were just visiting the station had deboarded three hours ago. These were colonists; colonists to his Space Station, Gulliver Station. 
The Dock Master, Amos, walked up to stand beside him. Twenty five years older than his friend, his dark brown eyes still had gold flecks in them. He seemed amused. "Fergus, you just get out of bed?" He eyed his friend's dark red hair, standing straight on end. 
Fergus shrugged and took a moment to try and smooth the unruly mop of hair down. "Hi, Amos. I keep running my hand through it." 
"Don't try to explain, boyo. I haven't seen you with your hair combed since you were assigned as project manager to build the station five years ago." He watched the passengers check in with Station Administration who were set up along the dock at tables near the Hydra's passenger hatch. Many were rubbing their arms. The dock was cold. "They've got it down to an art," he pointed his chin at the several lines of new Station residents. They were each waiting, by family, to register with Admin to get their living quarters assigned and get new Station identification.
"Yeah," Fergus nodded. "It's the last shipload, so of course, now they have the procedure down. Isn't that how it always goes?" He watched with his friend a few minutes. 
The dock's vast space echoed with the clamor of people talking, cargo being moved, and the air handling and heating. The passengers carried hand luggage with them. Their full shipment of goods was being unloaded from the cargo hatch a few meters away from the passenger hatch. The goods would be taken to their quarters after they'd been assigned. 
Amos watched with satisfaction as the dock workers moved the cargo off of the conveyor belts. Time was money to ship captains. They wanted the cargo off so they could load their new cargo on. 
"Fergus, you remember the first few ships in? The new dock workers couldn't seem to understand the need for speed or accuracy. Cargo went in every direction."
Fergus grinned. "I do indeed. But you put a lot of pressure on those new colonists. They were still learning."
"True, but if I hadn't been roaring at them every minute, we'd still be unloading those first ships."
They both laughed. "They're working like old pros now though. You're to thank for that, Amos."
They were quiet for a moment then Fergus asked, "Any trouble with the union? Any sign of the old corruption?" 
Amos shook his head. "No, not yet anyway. But old habits die hard Fergus. How are you going to keep some bright boy from starting his own crime syndicate?"
Fergus glanced at his friend. "Keep an eye out, Amos. I agree. It won't be long before some bright boy decides to duplicate the planet-killing corruption of Old Earth here. They'll start manipulating the union and taking a cut, first here, then there. We'll be right back to Old Ireland where men work their asses off and have to pay the lion's share of their paycheck to the mob." His brown eyes grew serious, "I won't have it, Amos. It's not fair to those men and their families."
Amos clapped Fergus on the shoulder. "I understand."
Fergus nodded. "I know it, old friend. I've done my best to organize things with the best practices I could find. It's really up to them." He pointed his chin at the lines. "If they want a new, fresh start, this is it. It's up to them."

#

Over at the cargo hatch, Brody Skerry was working the conveyor belt. He and his co-worker and best friend, Ferris Argall, were checking the shipping codes on the cargo crates against the manifest on their electronic pads. Ferris had to shout over the noise of the belt. "Hey, look lively there, lad; the boss is watchin'."
Brody turned to peek behind him. He saw his boss, Amos, and the Interim Station Manager watching the new Station residents get off the Hydra and check in with Station Administration. "Amos is alright. He likes things done by the book, that's all." 
Brody remembered how he and his wife Emma had felt the day they got off their ship and stood in that line, the first of the new Station residents. He thought about how she'd taken his hand, nervous about giving up life on a planet for life inside a giant metal ball. 
"It isn't a ball, Emma. More like a big cylinder."
She had squeezed his hand hard, bumping him with her hip. "All well and good, but still, it's inside. For the rest of our lives."
They inched forward in the line until it was finally their turn. He handed the clerk their identicards. The clerk ran them through the scanner. "Welcome to Gulliver Station, Mr. and Mrs. Skerry. You'll be housed on Level 4, apartment C4052."
Then there was the confusion of following the directions on his electronic pad to the new apartment. Emma thought the MagLev ride around the station was the best part of the trip. Since the station circumference was so large, at least 10 Kilometers Brody had read in the material back on Earth, the station used magnetic levitation cars to ferry people around each level of the station. The cars went in opposite directions every other ring. On Concourse A, they ran from Quadrant A, to Quadrants B, C, and D. On Concourse B they ran A, D, C, B. It didn't take long to walk from the last station to their new apartment. Luckily their new identicards opened the door easily. Emma was a little disappointed by the size of it; but still, there was a living room, dining room, kitchen, bath and two bedrooms. "See," he hugged her, "even a room for a baby, when we're ready."
She blushed. "Hush, you'll jinx us for sure."
Ferris grunted, breaking into Brody's memory. "Amos made my first month on the dock a hell. Yellin' at me all the time for piddly shit."
Brody laughed, "You were a mess, Ferris. You ran the fork lift into the bulkhead four times that second morning. Lucky it wasn't the hull. We'd all been breathin' vacuum otherwise."
Ferris grunted. "Well, I'm just sayin', he's a freak about doin' things by the book."
"I'm glad," Brody confided. "He keeps things honest and above board. No payin' half my wages to him to keep my job. The missus likes that."
"True," Ferris agreed. "My wife likes that too. Livin' wages she calls 'em. She doesn't have to get a job. She can stay home with the kids."
Brody nodded. "I can put money away, save up for when the kids are ready to go to college. Can't beat that."
"Congratulations, by the way," Ferris called over the belt. "My wife told me your missus was expecting."
Brody nodded, he could hardly believe it. Finally, they were going to have a baby. "Thanks. Emma couldn't have a better friend than Patricia. She's the first one Emma told."
Ferris laughed, "Well, Pat, thinks the world of Emma. But you watch out. Havin' a kid turns your whole world upside down."
"I'm ready," Brody said as he punched the cargo crate number into the manifest. "It's about time that second bedroom had a baby in it."


TWO
Dillon and Aine McCarthy were the last ones off of the Hydra onto Gulliver Station. Aine clutched Dillon’s arm, her single bag bumping against her leg as they inched down the ramp onto the dock. 
The coldness of the dock reached through her clothes and made her shiver. The smell was so different than back home in Belfast. There the smells were of the sea air when the wind blew from the east, the earth when the wind blew from the west and the smell of the city in all its seething mass of humanity the rest of the time. The dock smelled of the cold of space, metal and lubricants. The sound echoed around the vast, hard space. The line in front of her seemed miniscule, insignificant as it straggled to a few tables set several meters away from the ramp.
“Dillon, it’s freezing.” She moved closer to him to try and stay warm.
“It won’t be long,” he replied as he adjusted the two bags he held with his left hand. 
She examined the dock to her right where the conveyor belt was disgorging crates of cargo from the Hydra’s cargo bays. The men were shoving the crates onto other belts which led through the dock wall to some other location, warehouses she guessed. Other men and women too, she could see, were loading crates onto tractors, to take somewhere.
“Is that what you’ll be doin’?” She nodded toward the activity.
Dillon nodded. “Yeah, that’s it.”
They inched another meter forward. “It doesn’t look too dangerous.”
“Dangerous enough, if something goes wrong. Just like dock workers back on Earth.”
She thought about the trip out from Earth. They’d just barely made it onto the accepted list. She’d sent in her application as a single woman. At the interview they told her, “Sorry, only married couples.” 
She’d tried to point out that there must be single men out in space but they were firm. She turned away, her heart broken. What would she do now? She had no job, the subsistence ration had been cut again and she’d spent her last credits getting to Dublin to interview. 
That’s when she met Dillon. 
“I heard you in there,” he said as he caught up to her where she standing in the hallway, wondering what to do. “I have an idea.”
She viewed him with suspicion. No good came of young men you didn’t know talking to you. That’s how a girl ended up in the cribs, prisoners of some pimp, selling her body for just enough food to keep her alive.
“No, thanks,” was her automatic reply. She started walking to move away from him.
“Wait, we both want to go to Gulliver Station, right?” he called out after her. She slowed. He took advantage of her hesitation. “I was denied, too, ‘cause I’m single.”
She stopped and turned to him. “So?”
“So, if we were married, they’d take us.” 
His face was thin, as though he hadn’t eaten in a couple of days. But she liked it; it was earnest, his brown eyes pleading.
“So you’re asking me to marry you? You don’t know me and I certainly don’t know you.”
He took a couple of steps closer, stopping when she backed up a step. “I’m Dillon McCarthy.” He held out his hand.
Her eyes darted around the hallway at the people passing by. It seemed safe enough to shake his hand. “Aine. Aine Peck.”
“Aine, I don’t know about you, but if I don’t get onto this ship, I’m finished. I’ve got nothin’ and nowhere to go.”
Hesitating, she felt a kinship to him but in all of her short eighteen years she’d learned, don’t tell anybody anything, especially about yourself. So she was aghast when she heard herself say, “Me, too.”
When he sighed, she realized how tense he’d been. A smile grew on his face, lighting it up. She found herself relaxing a little. 
“Look,” he glanced back at the office they’d just come from. “If we get married right away, we can come back here and re-interview. I didn’t have any marks against me except I was single. I know they’ll take us.”
It seemed too easy, and in her experience, nothing was easy. “I don’t know.” She shook her head. “I don’t know you. I don’t know anything about you.” She did like the way his brown hair fell over his eyes. She watched him brush it back.
“I get it, but this isn’t a trick. I just want to get off of Earth. They say out there everybody who wants a job can get one. We’ll die if we stay here.”
To her amazement he dropped to one knee. “Aine Peck, would you marry me?”
The people passing by turned to stare and Aine began to blush. “Get up,” she hissed at him. “Let’s get a cuppa and let me think.”
They found a tea cart on the street, half a block from the building where the interviews were held. Dillon had enough credits to get them each a cup. They stepped into the lee of a building, the spring wind was cold. Aine put both hands around her paper cup. 
In the end, she took the chance. They found a Justice of the Peace and had a civil ceremony. Dillon had just enough credits to pay the man. They hustled back to the interview office and after pleading with the secretary, were allowed back in to re-interview. 
She pulled her mind back to the present when they reached the table. Now, she was here, surrounded by strangeness. The clerk assigned them an apartment and handed Dillon a communicator. Dillon pulled up a map of the Station on it which they followed to their new apartment. Used to having a pallet on the floor in a room crowded with strangers back on Earth, they thought the cabin on the ship was sheer luxury. This was beyond their wildest imaginations.
Aine stood inside the door, bag still in hand, staring around her. A real kitchen and a living room were in front of her. Dillon dropped his bags on the floor and went down a short hallway. “Two bedrooms, Aine!” He opened another door. “A bathroom, with a shower and everything!” He ran out to the living room. “It’s all ours. We don’t even have to share it!”
Tears started leaking from her eyes. Dillon’s face fell. “Don’t you like it?” He hurried over to her, taking the bag from her hand and dropping it on the floor.
In the time they’d prepared for the trip on Earth and the travel to the Station, they grew to know each other better. Aine felt she’d made a good match, despite its swiftness.
“Are you alright?” He reached up and wiped the tears from her cheeks. 
She nodded. “I’m just… overwhelmed." She waved her hand weakly to indicate the apartment. "I’ve never had anything like this.”
He hugged her to him, turning a little so they could both inspect their new place. 
She could hear his heart thumping beneath her head. 
“I know.” He kissed the top of her head.

#

That evening they walked out to the Level 4 Market from their apartment in D quadrant, ring 1000. While they were exploring their new apartment, Dillon had received a message on his communicator: They had a 1000 credit balance in their account, an arrival bonus, to help them set up their new home.
Aine and Dillon were giddy, searching through the market for furniture and cookware and things to decorate the house. They marveled at the cleanliness of the market and how friendly everyone was. It was a little nerve wracking, all the friendliness. They weren’t accustomed to it. 
In the end, they bought a mattress, some dishware and some bedding. Not having ever had many credits, Aine was reluctant to spend them. “We can wait a little while,” she said. “We don’t need to get everything all at once. They ate their dinner from one of the stalls. After dinner, they proudly carried their purchases back to the apartment. 


THREE

The next morning Fergus was in his least favorite place, the conference room. He had his Interim Station Manager hat on and was chairing the meeting of the Station Administration chiefs. The room was on Level 8, since he was dealing with Station Administration. He'd rather be doing his project manager work, out on the last of the Station construction sites, keeping track of the final installations. Instead, he was stuck in here, going over organizational details. 
The room wasn't much to look at. Plain beige walls of textured plastic provided some sound deadening. The table and chairs were basic, extruded plastic, in a beige color that matched the walls. There was plas-carpet on the floor, it was the Administration section after all. The color matched the walls. Fergus always felt as though he were inside an egg when he was in this room. He'd never bothered to put any art on the walls.
He'd just sat through a discussion about the process to fire personnel. It had been pretty heated. "It's like this." Fergus took a breath to bring himself calm. He had all he could do to keep from grinding his teeth together. "We can't just fire someone. We have to go through this process."
The department head for Station maintenance was adamant. "We're not talkin' skilled workers here, like the comm techs or the environmental scientists. We're talkin' about the guys doin' the grunt work. Why do I have to go through a six friggin' month process to get rid of a lazy bum?"
"Jim," Fergus explained again. "We're trying to set up a fair and equitable system here. We don't want people fired because their boss doesn't like the way a fella's hair is combed." 
Everyone in the room glanced at his wild hair and grinned. "Yeah, yeah." he finger combed his hair. "I pulled these processes from the best run colony worlds. These methods work. They take time, but they work. Best of all, they're fair. One mistake doesn't cause a guy to lose his job. People don't get hired because they're Joe Schmo's 2nd cousin twice removed. These methods keep our Station honest, uncorrupted, fair. And that's what we all want, right?"
There were some holdouts. Good people, they were just not used to having all of these rules. Eventually they came around.
"Right, next on the agenda," he read from his pad. "Station elections."
The people around the table groaned. Jim, the recalcitrant department chair, moaned. "This is going to be a big deal isn't it? What do we need to elect a new Station Manager for?"
Fergus nodded. "Yes, it's a big deal. The last load of residents arrived yesterday. According to the Station charter, we have to hold an election six months from now. We need to elect a Station manager and representatives from each level to form a Station government."
Brigit Young, from HR spoke up, "Why don't you run, Fergus? You've been doing the job for the last five years, why stop now?"
The people around the table all started speaking at once. "Yeah," "Why not," "You'd be perfect."
Fergus held up his hands. "Thank you all for those kind words. But I'm only Interim Station manager because I'm the project manager, building the Station. Now it's time for the residents on the Station to take charge. It's their home, their lives; they need to choose their representatives."
"You've done good so far," Jim piped up.
"That's before all the residents arrived," Fergus answered. "Now it's time for me to step down, find a new role to play." 
Fergus felt honored that they wanted him to run, but that was more politicking than he wanted to bear. It was enough that politics were part of the workplace; he didn’t want to be an actual politician.
"Molly, we'll need to set up a voting system." He gazed down the table to a thirty-year-old woman. Black hair cut in a bob that fell just below her ears, bright blue eyes and a ready smile made her look younger than her age. "I budgeted to get the one from Fullo. They run clean, fair elections. Their system will work well here. It'll load into your computer network without a problem and be easy to run and manage."
Molly nodded, "Thanks Fergus. I see the info here on my pad. I'll get it and get it loaded."
Fergus grinned. Molly was the best computer whiz he knew. She'd had the computer systems that ran the Station up and operational two weeks before the scheduled due date. 
"It's settled. Six months from today, it'll be election day. Once Molly gets the system set up, we’ll be sending information out to the Station residents. They’ll be selecting candidates and the campaigning will begin. This is a big day, ladies and gentlemen.” He studied each of them. “You came here to make a better life for yourselves and your families. You wanted to start clean, to get away from the hell hole that Earth has become. This is one of the most important steps. If you want honest government, you need to elect honest men and women. The Station is still small. Small enough for you to know or know of the candidates. Make this count. Your families and your grandchildren’s lives depend on it.”
The table erupted in clapping. They knew he was right. They had all jumped at the chance of a new start here on Gulliver Station. 
“Meeting’s adjourned.”

#

Conway Gillespie was in his tiny office on Level 2. The Station news was running, muted, on the monitor on his desk. He glanced up just as a banner crossed the screen, advertising the first elections on the Station. He grinned. This is what he’d been working toward since he arrived on the Station in the first shipload of workers. 
He’d been a loyal member of a Dublin mob, back on Earth. He convinced his mob boss to get him on with the pipefitters union so he could learn a trade and learn the in’s and out’s of union management. He didn’t waste his time. Conway enjoyed working with his hands, making things work, building things. He liked learning about the secret underground life of the city and made himself useful to his boss by finding out-of-the-way places to use for meetings, storage, and sometimes, for hiding a body.
When the word went out that a new space station was hiring pipefitters, he was first to submit his name. His mob boss helped make sure his name made it onto the hired list. Before he left, his boss had a going away party for him.
“Conway,” the Boss clapped him on the back. “I’m going to miss you, boyo. You’ve been a stand up guy.”
Conway put down the beer he was holding and gave his boss a bear hug. “I’m going to miss you too. I haven’t been able to repay you for taking me in all those years ago.”
The Boss laughed, “You were just a mite, but you were strong, I could see that, even if you were only eleven. I could tell you’d go far.” He laughed again, “Who knew you’d go all the way out into space!”
Conway was well liked by the people in the mob. He wasn't a tall man, only a meter point seventy-seven. His black hair and dark blue eyes made him look like the others but he was driven and ruthless. Attributes the others, and his boss especially, admired. 
The boss called out to the rest of the room. “A toast to one of the best men I know. Here’s to Conway Gillespie, may the wind be always at his back!”
Conway picked up his beer and saluted the crowd, “You’re all the best. Thank you.” 
Once on Station he joined the Pipefitter Union and worked hard. He rose through the trade's ranks quickly - he was known for his even temper and skill at managing the hot-headed crew. His first promotion was to crew supervisor, then shift leader, until he was elected by the men and women in the union as the Pipefitter Union Leader, in charge of the whole Pipefitter union. He became known as the man who could work with anyone. Before anyone realized it, he’d become the person all the union leaders went to when they needed a mediator. He quit being the Pipe Fitters Union Leader and began his own business, hiring out to any of the unions or trades as a Facilitator. If they had a problem, they came to him and it was fixed. It all happened in the space of six months. 
The Station elections were part of his plans to rise further in the Station social strata. He wasn’t ever going to be that orphaned, homeless boy again. He punched the call button on his comm unit. 
“Benny,” he said when it answered. “Get the lads together tonight in the pipe fitters locker room. I’ve got some news.”
“Right, boss. Nineteen hundred hours?”
“Perfect, see you all there.” 
He hit the end button. Time to put the next step of the plan into motion.

#

At the meeting that night, Conway inspected the crew he’d assembled. Loyal to him, he had felt each man out over the last six months. They all wanted what he wanted, a bigger slice of the pie. They’d do what was needed; he was sure of it.
“Boys, time to make our move. Elections have been scheduled and we need to make sure we get a candidate elected who will be friendly to our cause.”
The five men in the room nodded. They each had grown up in the dog-eat-dog world of Old Earth, Ireland. It was all well and good that the Station was claiming that everything here would be fair and square, but none of them believed it. In their experience, nothing was fair or square and if you wanted something, you had to take it, by force if necessary. 
“Here’s what I need. Each of you bring me two names for a Level Representative candidate you think we can get elected and will back us when we need it. Then, I’ll talk to the man or woman, I don’t care which it is, and promise our backing for the campaign.”
The men nodded. 
“The second task for each of us is to talk up that candidate to all of the union men. Get your wives to do the same to friends, co-workers, whatever.”
One of the men spoke up. “You want the names tonight?”
“If you have them. If not, sleep on it then get them to me in the morning. You’ll have Station information on how the election will be run, what candidates are needed, how the Station government will be structured. Make sure you know all there is to know about it. We can’t make it work for us if we don’t know how it works ourselves. Any questions?”
After they glanced at each other, they all shook their heads.
“Good, see me before you go, I’ll make note of the name or names you give me.”
After the last man had left, Conway went back to his office. He examined the names he had so far. He knew most of the men, and for the most part, they weren’t suitable, at least for the Station Manager. He scratched at his chin. Some of them might make good Level Representatives though. He made some notes beside each name. Some he just deleted from the list. They were too honest. They’d never trade favors with him.
He took a sip from his cup, making a face. The coffee’d gone cold. The monitor was running a story on the upcoming elections, outlining how the Station government would be organized. Since he’d been named Union Leader, he’d been in on most of the high level meetings. He’d met Fergus Boylan, a nice guy, good project manager. Conway appreciated people who knew their jobs and could get things done. 
He twisted the gold pinkie ring he purchased when he became his own boss. The small diamond in the center flashed in the desk light. What he didn’t understand was Boylan’s obsession with keeping corruption out of the Station. How the hell did he think things got done? I hope he doesn’t run for Station Manager. He’d be a bitch to beat in an election. Most of the Station residents loved the guy. Thought he walked on water. Conway grunted, reaching over and turning the monitor off. It was late and he was tired. He’d have to sleep on who to run as Station Manager. Whoever it was, the person had to be in his pocket, even if he had to find a way to put him or her there.


FOUR

The next morning, Dillon took the communicator and went to work. Aine tidied the apartment as best she could, then left for the market. It was obvious she needed cleaning supplies as well as furniture. One thing she didn’t want to admit to Dillon, she couldn’t cook.
She felt the weakness deep in her heart. Dillon was doing his part, going off to learn to be a dock worker. She needed to do hers. As she walked up and down the market aisles, she had no idea what those vegetables and fruits even were, except for the cabbage and potatoes. They were the ingredients for colcannon, the mainstay of the poor Irish diet. Everything else was a mystery. 
She was standing in front of a display of green leafy vegetables, wondering how she could ask the stall owner what they were when a voice to her left broke in on her thoughts. “The Swiss Chard is beautiful, isn't it?”
Startled, Aine peered at the speaker. A woman, a little older than she was with the same black hair, braided and hanging down her back stood next to her with a string bag, half full of vegetables hanging from her arm. She stuck out her hand, “I’m Fiona Scally.”
Fiona’s dark blue eyes crinkled with friendliness and Aine found her hand going out of its own accord. “Aine McCarthy.”
“You came in on the Hydra, didn’t you?”
Suspicion grabbed Aine. “Yeah, how’d you know?”
Fiona laughed, “Because I had that same look on my face my first time in the market.” She waved a hand up and down the aisle. “It’s too much isn’t it?” she said. “After having so little, now we have so much.”
Aine fought back tears. It wouldn’t do to show too much fear or ignorance. “Well, I guess there are some things I don’t know about.”
Sticking her arm through Aine’s, Fiona pulled her over to the stall. Naturally shy and skittish, Aine nearly punched Fiona in the ribs for grabbing her, but Aine held back. They stopped just a few steps away from the stall Aine had been examining.
To her amazement, Fiona picked up the Swiss Chard and bluntly asked the stall owner, “What’s this and what do we do with it?” Even more surprising, the man was enthusiastic about answering. 
After a lesson on Swiss Chard, he tore off some leaf and let the women try it. Then he gave them a simple recipe to use. Aine bought the chard. Then Fiona walked her up and down the aisles, making her buy a string bag first. They planned Aine’s supper, bought cleaning supplies and stopped for a bite of lunch at a kabob stand.
By afternoon, Aine was exhausted, Fiona’s sheer joy at everything on the Station wore her out. “Where do you live?” Fiona asked after Aine said she had to go home.
Again, Aine’s old habits kicked into high gear. She nearly said, “None of your business.” But Fiona’s smiling face held her back. I’m in the thousand ring, quadrant D, here on Level 4.”
A big grin spread across Fiona’s face, “I’m in C quadrant. We’re neighbors! I’ll walk your way home.” With that they headed off, Fiona chattering all the way to Aine’s door. 
“Will you be at the market tomorrow?” Fiona asked as Aine opened her door.
The look of expectancy on Fiona’s face made her smile, “Yes, I think so. Shall we meet at the baker’s?”
“Aye, don’t eat breakfast. He has the best scones!”

#

Dillon’s day was a little tougher. He found his way to the dock manager’s office to check in. The clerk there checked his Station ID then took his picture and made him a Dockworker ID.
“I’ll have to charge you 100 credits for your joining fee and another 10 credits for your month’s dues,” she said as she handed the new ID over to him.
His stomach knotted. He hated thinking about spending so much of the 1000 credit arrival bonus. He’d forgotten about the fees even though it was all explained to him in his training back on Earth.
“It’s a privilege to be a dockworker,” his trainer told him. “They’re the backbone of the interstellar shipping system.” Dillon was the only one in training. He was the last one to be hired as a dockworker and to be shipped out to Gulliver. He felt the pressure. While it was acceptable for the wife to be unemployed - they expected her to take care of any children - he had to be employed. So if he screwed it up, he and Aine would be kicked out of the program and sent back to Earth and the streets. 
“Part of being in the Dockworker Union,” his instructor continued, “is to pay your joining fee and monthly dues.”
Dillon felt the 110 credits the clerk took as though she was taking a pound of flesh. She tapped some keys on her pad, “There, that’s your joining fee and this month’s dues.” He managed to smile. 
“Take a seat,” she pointed at the chairs in front of her counter. “And welcome to Gulliver Station and the Dockworkers Union.”
He nodded and sat in one of the chairs. It only took a few minutes before the Dock Master arrived. As soon as Dillon saw him, he leapt to his feet. 
The man held out his hand. “I’m Amos Fontes. Welcome to Gulliver Station.”
Dillon shook his hand, “Dillon McCarthy, sir.”
“Glad to have you, son. You can call me Amos. Let’s get you a locker and coveralls.”
Amos led Dillon down the narrow hall to the locker room, pulling coveralls from an unlocked closet. Dillon had never heard of such a thing. His surprise at an unlocked supply closet made him slow at accepting the coveralls. 
“You’ll find clean ones here every day. Just help yourself each morning.” He pointed to the right, past the door they had entered. “The showers are down there, for after shift. Just put the dirty coveralls in the bin outside the shower room door. You’ll have to bring your own towel.” He led Dillon to a locker. 
“Um, I didn’t bring a towel with me today. I didn’t know.” Dillon blushed. He didn’t want to screw it up the first day. 
“That’s fine, I can get you one for tonight. Just leave it in the bin with your coveralls. Here’s your locker.” He typed the number into his pad. “Just key a password in,” he pointed at the keypad on the locker, and waited, back turned, while Dillon complied. When the locker opened, Amos tapped his pad again. “Good, you can change the password anytime, just key in the new number twice. I’ll give you a few minutes to change.” With that, he walked off to the other end of the locker room.
Dillon stripped down, put on the coveralls, and placed his pants and shirt into the locker. He was closing the door as Amos came back. Inspecting him, Amos frowned. “Hmm, we’ll have to get you some boots. Station shoes aren’t adequate for working the docks. They'll do for now, I’ll help you get some after shift.
Dillon nodded. “Thank you, sir.”
“Call me Amos, Dillon, all the other men do.” 
Dillon nodded. He could feel his palms sweat. 
“Relax,” Amos laughed. “This isn’t rocket science. You’ll be fine. Is this your first job?”
Great, Dillon thought, he can tell. Is he going to hold it against me? “Yes, sir, uh, Amos. I never could get one back on Earth.”
Amos led him out of the locker room as they talked. “That’s why you’re here. The project manager for this Station insisted on hiring as many people from Earth as he could. He’s from Ireland himself, you see, so he was especially interested in hiring from there.”
“I heard that but didn’t know if it was a story or not.”
“Oh, it’s real,” Amos nodded. “He’s a friend of mine. I’ve worked with him on other Stations.”
They stepped through an open airlock doorway onto the dock. The cold hit him like a wave. He shivered a little and stopped, trying to orient himself. I’m never going to find this little hallway, he thought as he studied the huge space. Then he spied a Berth number on the bulkhead in front of him. There, Berth C14. I can remember that.
Amos turned to the left, Dillon hurried to catch up. He tried to notice everything they passed, though it wasn’t much. No ships were docked in any of the berths they passed. He decided to ask a question, “Why are all the berths empty?”
They had reached a huge open hatchway. “Most of the berths are empty because this is a new Station. It’s not finished yet, won’t be for another six months. So, even though this Station is at an intersection of three jump points, not too many ships have worked us into their shipping routes yet. They will.”
Dillon nodded.
“This," Amos pointed at the massive mechanism in front of them, “is the pressure door between B and C docks. If something goes wrong on B or C dock, say a ship is out of control as it comes in, a fire fight breaks out, an asteroid comes by, a riot, anything, Control will close the doors, sealing everything onto the dock until the problem is resolved.” 
Dillon stared at the massive door. “How long does it take to close?
Amos gave him a pleased look. “Not as long as you’d think for such a large object, about two minutes.”
“The hallway door we came through, that would close too?”
Grinning, Amos nodded. “Yeah, all the pressure doors on the dock, at the same time.”
Dillon’s stomach rolled. If I’m caught out on the dock, I’d be trapped. He saw Amos watching him, so he nodded. “I understand.”
They crossed into B dock and halfway along, found an active berth. Amos took him over to a team moving shipping crates from the conveyor belt leading from the ship to a tractor.
“Brody!” Amos called out to a man at the end of the belt. Brody waved, handed his pad to another man and walked over to them.
“This is Dillon, Dillon, this is Brody.” They shook hands. “Brody, would you show Dillon the ropes? He just arrived on the Hydra.”
“Nice to meetcha, Dillon.”
Amos glanced at Dillon. “Most of these men have only been dockworkers six months or less. They’ve been where you are, and not all that long ago. Brody,” Amos glanced from Brody to Dillon, “will be your trainer. He’s a good man. Don’t be shy about asking questions.”
“Thanks, Amos, Brody. I appreciate it.”
“Brody,” Amos said. “He doesn’t have boots yet. I’ll take him around to the market after shift.”
Brody waved him off, “Hey, I can do that, Amos. Don’t worry about it.”
Amos clapped him on the shoulder. “Good man. If you need anything, let me know.”
Brody nodded, “Will do. Dillon, let’s get to work.” As they walked over to the conveyor he asked, “Did they teach you to use the GravLift?”
“Yeah,” Dillon spoke over the noise of the conveyor. “Hold it against the crate, toggle the switch, lift the crate and move it to the right location.”
“Good,” Brody said. “Only thing is, this isn’t Earth training room. There’s a lot going on, men and crates moving all around. Remember the mass of the crate is the same as it would be on Earth. It can get away from you easy.”
“Yes, Sir.”
Brody laughed. “Call me Brody. We don’t call anybody 'Sir' up here.” He stopped short of the conveyor belt and shouted over the noise. “How old are you?”
Does he think I’m too young? He took a breath. “Twenty.”
“I figured. You’ll be the youngest in the Union. Don’t let that worry you.” He led him to the end of the conveyor. 
He tapped the guy with the pad, “Ferris, this is Dillon, new guy off the Hydra.”
Ferris handed the pad to Brody, “Hi,” he stuck out his hand, a broad grin on his face. “Welcome to the chain gang.”
Dillon shook hands. “Hi.”
"Ferris, I’m training Dillon here. I’ll keep him with me for now. Give a hand on the tractor would ya, the belt’s goin’ faster than they can move the crates.”
Ferris nodded, waved goodbye and moved off around the front of the tractor, pulling a GravLift out of his back pocket. 
“Dillon, you stay here. I’ll talk you through reading the crate labels and matching them against the manifest.”
Dillon nodded and he watched Brody for half an hour with Brody pointing out specific numbers on the labels and making sure Dillon saw what he was punching in on the manifest. After that, Brody handed him the pad and Dillon had to do it himself. The concentration of trying to spot the identifying label on the crate then finding it on the manifest was exhausting. Not at all like it was in the practice room back on Earth. It felt like his brain would explode. He was so intent on his work the passing of the last crate was a surprise.
He looked up in confusion. Brody grinned. “Nice job, Dillon. Time for lunch!”
The afternoon was spent in the inner warehouses. Since he didn’t have boots, they had him on manifest duty again, this time directing the crates to the appropriate shipper’s area. The time flew, and again, he was surprised when Brody tapped him on the shoulder when the tractors all stopped. “Quittin’ time, buddy. Good job today.”
Dillon smiled, relief flooding through him. He handed the pad to Brody. “Thanks.” He glanced around the warehouse. The men and women, he saw with a little surprise, were all leaving. “What now?”
“Now, we go get a shower and go to the market to get you some boots.”
Dillon shivered a little. 
“What have got on under the coverall?”
“An undershirt.”
“Acck, not good enough. You’ve been cold all day, haven’t you?”
Dillon shrugged. 
“We’ll pick up what you need. Come on. Let’s get cleaned up.”

#

Dillon got home about 1900, exhausted but jubilant. He dropped his packages of boots and underwear and grabbed Aine. He spun her around as soon as he came in the door. She laughed, “You must have had a good day?”
“I did.” 
She led him to the kitchen table where she had plates set out. “I’ve been busy too. Tonight we have colcannon and something called Swiss Chard.”
He sat down at one of the place settings on the table, a puzzled look on his face. “Swiss Chard?”
“Aye. I went to the market today, met a new friend and we asked the vegetable monger about it. He told us all about it and a recipe for how to cook it.” She brought a bowl of colcannon to the table along with a smaller bowl of dark green. 
He peered into the bowl and wrinkled his nose. “Seems kind of slimy.”
“It does,” she giggled, “but I tried it, it’s good.”
His eyebrows went up, but he picked up a spoonful and plopped it on his plate. Both of them grew up hungry, food wasn’t something that you wasted, you ate whatever you had. He took a small bite. A grin spread over his face. “It’s good!”
A broad grin spread across her face. “I know! I did what they call sautéing it, in a frying pan with a little bacon and some red pepper.”
He took another, bigger bite. “I like it.”
She put a big spoonful of colcannon on his plate then served herself. “Now, tell me about your day.”



FIVE

Abigail Madison stepped to the doorway of the ballroom on Level 7 on her father, Arthur’s, arm. The party was for her so she was fashionably late. She’d just arrived at Gulliver Station on the Hydra that brought the last group of colonists. This was her introduction to the high society of the Station. 
Observing the ballroom of the Galaxy Lounge, she was impressed. The ceiling was a gigantic screen of the local night sky, the asteroid belt plainly visible. She liked the fact that no coats or wraps were needed now, everything was perfectly climate controlled. The faint scent of jasmine wafted through the doorway, making her feel as though she were entering a tropical garden. Draperies hid the walls, but they were made to move, ever so slightly in an unfelt breeze. They sparkled as they moved.
She was a little nervous. There were so many people already here. Abigail preferred to work behind the scenes, not be the center of attention. Her father patted her hand on his arm. Smiling up at him, his one point eight two meter frame towered over her. She pulled her shoulders back and put on her friendliest smile. This was her home now and she was going to put her best foot forward.
Patting the upswept auburn hair at the back of her neck, she nodded slightly, a signal to her father that she was ready. They entered the room where a live orchestra was playing a waltz. The dance floor was full, the dancers swirling around and around, the women dressed in every color of gown imaginable. They were like butterflies, dancing on the breeze. 
Arthur Madison led his daughter to a group of his friends. 
“Gentlemen, this is my daughter, Abigail, just arrived on Station on the Hydra. Abigail, these are some of the other shippers on the Station, John Waters, Shiva Sindar and Anthony Spiro.”
Abigail held out her hand, “Gentlemen, I'm glad to meet you.”
They shook her hand in turn. 
“We're happy that you’re able to join your father here, Abigail,” began John Waters. “You’re certainly a beautiful and welcome addition to our little Station.”
Arthur had briefed his daughter before they came down to the ball. “Don’t let them fool you,” he told her over the light dinner they had two hours ago. “Most of them are from old shipping families. Every one of them will cut your throat if you’re not careful. Each and every one of them will lie to your face.”
She bowed her head a fraction. “What a nice thing to say Mr. Waters.” 
“Please, call me John.”
“I hear you’re going to be learning the shipping business from your father,” Shiva Sindar broke into the conversation. “He’s a tough competitor, you’ll learn a great deal from him.”
“Yes, I’m being groomed to follow in my father’s footsteps, though it will be many years yet before I would even think of taking his place.”
“Too true,” Anthony Spiro added. “And you’re far too beautiful to be involved in such a business.”
Abigail smiled. “How charming of you to say so.” You smarmy old pirate. Please, keep on underestimating me.
“Excuse us, gentlemen; I want to make some more introductions," Arthur said.
They all bowed politely and Abigail continued the rounds of introductions with her father. Half way around the room they approached yet another group of men. 
“Conway, just the person I was searching for,” her father said as they joined the men. “I’d like you to meet my daughter, Abigail.”
She became uncomfortable as Conway looked her over from head to toe. “Nice to meet you, Miss Madison.”
“Abigail, Conway Gillespie has made quite a name for himself on the Station.”
She raised an eyebrow, “Do tell.” 
“He’s risen from pipefitter through the ranks and is now a Facilitator. Whenever there’s a problem between the unions, he’s the man to call.”
Arthur flagged down a waiter carrying glasses of champagne. He handed one to his daughter. 
“Quite a rise through the ranks, Mr. Gillespie, and so quickly.” She sipped at her champagne.
He sipped at his drink. “I’ve been remiss. These are some of our union leaders. Darby Flynn replaced me as the Pipefitter Union leader. Nola Guinn is the leader for the Administration Union and Eamon Lenox is for the Sanitation Workers.
Abigail shook hands with each of them. “Have each of you had occasion to work with Mr. Gillespie?”
“Please,” he interrupted, “call me Conway.”
She smiled in response. 
Nola Guinn answered for the group. "I haven’t had the pleasure; the administration staff is pretty stable and the work is pretty standard, though it is stressful to bring a Station fully on line.”
“How about you, Mr. Flynn?” She turned her dark brown eyes to him. He blushed under her gaze.
“Sure, when he was still the Pipefitter leader. The two unions have to work together often. Conway helped us work through several issues, from planning to installation.”
Abigail watched Conway as his co-worker spoke. She noticed that he wasn’t watching Eamon, but studying the room behind her. It took a force of will not to turn around to see what he was looking at.
She turned to the object of all the praise. “And do you like being a Facilitator, Conway?”
His attention snapped back to her. His dark blue eyes were intense. The laser focus startled her. 
“I do. I like making things work. Most of the time people are already in agreement, they just don’t know it. I have the knack of getting people to actually hear what the other person is saying.”
Abigail smiled at him. “Well done then. That’s a skill much in demand.”
She liked him. He was shorter than her father, probably one point seven meters, but he radiated confidence and power. Her drink was finished so she glanced around for a waiter.
“Here, I’ll take that for you.” Conway reached out for the glass. As their fingers touched, she felt a spark. Her eyes flashed to his. He gave the barest of winks and took the glass. Her hand still tingling, she felt the need to wipe it on the skirt of her gown. 
“Thank you,” she murmured and began fiddling with the pearls in her necklace. 
“Not at all.” He stared intently into her eyes and she felt herself begin to go warm all over.
“Thank you all,” her father said. “We have a few more introductions to get through.”
Arthur took his daughter’s elbow. “Nice to meet you all,” she said, but she was watching Conway.
He gave a slight bow as her father led her away.
Abigail took a deep breath as they walked. She hadn’t felt that kind of flush since her boarding school days. “Dad, what do you know about Conway?”
Arthur peeked at her out of the corner of his eye. “All reports of him say he’s competent. I haven’t checked his background, why?”
She shook her head. “I don’t know. I got a vibe, a feeling of power, barely controlled.”
He studied her directly. “Is he a problem?”
“No,” she patted his hand. “No, I just get a feeling he could be very dangerous.”
“I can check his background if you think he’s a threat.”
She laughed. “No, Dad, not a threat, just something underneath. Kind of like Waters, Sindar and Spiro. Someone we need to be careful with, that’s all.”
“All right.” He examined the crowd ahead of them. “Oh, here’s the person I most wanted you to meet tonight. He’s the Interim Station Manager and a damn fine Project Manager.”
As they approached, Arthur called out, “Fergus Boylan, how are you?”
Fergus was standing alone, a squat glass in hand, watching the dancers. He turned at the call. “Arthur, great to see you.”
The men shook hands, “Fergus, this is my daughter, Abigail. She arrived on the Hydra.”
Fergus took Abigail’s hand and kissed the back of it. She thought her knees would buckle. Twice in less than 10 minutes was too much. 
“How do you do. Arthur has been talking about your arrival for weeks.”
He gazed into her eyes as he released her hand. She stammered, “Hel..Hello, Father’s spoken of you often.”
“Abigail, Fergus here has been in charge of building the Station from the beginning. He’s done excellent work, the Station build out is actually on time.”
“Thank you, Arthur. That’s high praise. You’re both without a beverage, may I get you something?” He looked directly at Abigail.
She noticed gold flecks in his brown eyes and that he was spacer lean. “No, thank you. I’ve had enough for now. How long have you been in space, Mr. Boylan?”
“Call me, Fergus, please.” He signaled for a waiter. “Arthur, a whisky and soda for you?”
Arthur nodded. The waiter scurried off.
He turned back to Abigail. “This is the third Station I’ve worked on, the first where I was in charge.”
Abigail pulled herself together. All she could think about was how the ballroom lights glinted on his dark red hair. “That’s a lot of responsibility.”
Fergus blushed. “True, but I had great teachers and mentors. It was time for me to take that responsibility on.”
The waiter returned with Arthur’s drink. As he picked it up, he said, “Abigail, you must be tired of all of these introductions, why don't you and Fergus enjoy yourselves. The orchestra is playing beautiful waltzes.” 
Fergus blushed again and stammered, “Miss Abigail, would you join me in a dance?”
Abigail shot a look like daggers at her father. She heard the orchestra beginning a new waltz.  “Of course, Fergus. I’d be pleased.”
She held out her hand and Fergus took it, leading her onto the dance floor. They didn’t talk. Abigail enjoyed the feel of the music flowing over her. Fergus wasn’t the best dancer. Twice he stepped on her toes. She realized he was nervous. That helped her relax and enjoy the dance. They circled the floor and at one end, they passed Conway Gillespie. She saw him raise his glass to her. She nodded in return. 
Great Space! Attracted to two men in the same half hour. Too much of a good thing, Abigail. Keep your mind on business. The music ended and Fergus led her from the floor. 
“I apologize for stepping on your toes; I don’t spend too much time dancing.” She could see him blush right up to his just a little too large ears.
“That’s fine. My toes are still in my slippers. I had a wonderful time. Thank you so much for inviting me to dance. It’s my first on Gulliver Station.”
They reached her father, standing on the side of the dance floor, talking to a couple.
“Father, Fergus is a wonderful dancer.”
Arthur clapped him on the shoulder as he told Abigail, “I’m glad you enjoyed it, my dear.”
“Would you like to dance, Father?”
His eyebrows shot up, “Me?”
She grinned. “Of course! You’ve probably been working non-stop since you arrived. Please,” she peered up at him through her lashes. “Take me for a spin.”
He bellowed a laugh, other guests turning to see what was going on. “You remind me of your mother. Yes! Let’s dance.”


SIX

After dancing with her father, Abigail wandered around the ballroom. Her father had introduced her around, but only to his business associates. She smiled to herself that it never occurred to him to introduce her to any women.
She found John Water speaking to three women. He motioned her over. He introduced her to his wife, Adele. Then to Shiva Sindar’s wife, Mira, and Anthony Spiro’s wife, Charity. 
“How nice to meet you, ladies. My father just introduced me to your husbands.”
John bowed to the women and drifted over to a group of men.
“Welcome to Gulliver Station, my dear,” Adele Waters simpered. “It’s a hardship, but what can one do?”
Abigail tilted her head, her face a question. “A hardship?”
“Oh, my yes.” she put her hand over her quite ample bosom. “We only have 279 square meters for our apartment.” The other ladies nodded. “There’s not even space for a card room!”
“We play at the dining room table,” Charity Spiro explained to Abigail. “Do you play bridge?”
Really, that’s a hardship? “Uh, no, unfortunately. I never learned.”
“That’s too bad,” Mira Sindar said as she adjusted a fold in her gold silk sari. “It would be nice to have a few more players.”
“I’m sure.” Abigail began searching for a way out of the conversation. “I’m working with my father. I’ll be taking over Madison Shipping one day.”
“Oh, how dreary.” Adele reached out and patted Abigail on the arm. “You must be starved for the finer conversations.” The other ladies murmured condolences. 
Abigail took the slight break in the conversation to excuse herself. “Thank you, ladies, for the bridge invitation, I need to circulate some more. Thank you so much for coming this evening.”
As Abigail backed out of the group, she left them spouting their goodbyes. Three meters away, a young woman about her own age, with black hair piled in a French twist on the back of her head and bright blue eyes, held out a glass of champagne. “I see you escaped from the harridans.” She laughed.
Abigail took the glass, glancing behind her as she sipped. The group was watching her and whispering. “Yes.” She turned back to the young woman. “Thanks for the champagne. I’m Abigail Madison.” She held out her hand. 
“I’m Sophia Haynes.” 
Abigail was surprised to get a real handshake and not the limp fingertip shake she usually received from women. “Thanks for coming to the party.”
“No problem. I’ve been waiting to meet you since I heard you were coming.”
“You heard I was coming?” Abigail’s eyes went wide.
“Let’s get some of those appetizers; the champagne is going to my head.” Sophia led the way across the room to a table laden with small bites of exotic tidbits. “It’s a small town, Gulliver Station,” she said as she picked up a plate and began selecting delicacies. “Everyone knows everyone else’s business.”
Picking up her own plate, Abigail chose a few interesting tidbits for herself. “Ah, I should have known. Kind of like boarding school.”
Sophia nodded, waiting for Abigail to finish her selections. They walked to a tall table that was covered in a floor length shimmery fabric that matched the ballroom drapes. Sophia flagged a waiter over and picked up two more glasses of champagne. 
“How long have you been here?” Abigail said as she popped a stuffed mushroom in her mouth.
“Daddy and I came in about eight months ago.” She inspected her plate for her next bite. “Daddy’s the CEO of the new Pillsbury Morgan Crystal factory here.” She picked up a cracker covered in an elaborate pile of cheese and caviar. “I helped him get the factory set up.” She popped the bite in her mouth. Washing it down with champagne, she continued. The Harridan Club arrived six months ago.”
“Mrs. Waters?”
Sophia snorted. “They tried to take over my life immediately. I’ve been avoiding them ever since.”
“How’d you do that?” Abigail sipped at her glass.
“Easy, the old bats never venture off of Level 7 except to go to the Level 6 market. They don’t exercise either so I don’t see them at the gym.”
“There’s a gym on the Station?” Abigail perked up. “After all of the travelling and moving in, I’ve gotten out of my work out schedule.”
“It’s on Level 5,” Sophia told her. “I go every day, but I don’t have a work out partner. Want to join me?”
Grinning, Abigail answered, “I’d love to. What time?”
“I go about eight hundred. The day shift has gone to work by then and the place is less crowded.”
“Perfect.” She beamed at Sophia. “The party’s been worth it, just to find you.” She held up her glass, “To a new friendship.”
“To a new friendship,” Sophia toasted back. “We’re going to have a lot of fun.”



SEVEN

Shaila Ram straighted to her full one point four meter height, and shook her finger at the young man in front of her. “No, I will not pay you anything. Who are you? Bums! I don’t need protection here. This isn’t Calcutta. Leave now. I will call Station Security.” She was out of breath from shouting and fear.
The young man, blond haired and blue eyed, swatted the arm of his pal beside him with the back of his hand. “Get this will ya, Lewis? She’s standing up to us.”
Lewis shook his head, the earring dangling from his right ear catching the light. “Hard ta believe Gus. Like she actually believes the guff comin’ out of the monitors.”
“You go away,” Shaila shouted. She pulled her communicator out of her sari. 
Lewis leapt over the counter, grabbed the communicator and knocked her to the floor. “Now, now, can’t be havin’ any of that.”
Gus glanced to each side of him, down the aisles. The stall keepers on each side had disappeared. He leapt over the counter too. 
“Where’s the credits, lady?” Gus pulled her up and slapped her, hard, on the left side of her face. 
She began shrieking so he hit her again while Lewis dropped her communicator on the floor and smashed it with his boot. 
Beaten, she relented and pointed to a drawer. Lewis jerked it open and pulled out a handful of plastic chits. He held them up to Gus.
Gus shook her. “That’s it?” 
She nodded. Tears and blood streamed down her face. He pushed her to the floor. “Next time, thirty credits' worth of chits.” He kicked her for good measure and they both leapt over the counter and left.

#

Fergus slammed his fist on the conference room table. “Damn it! This is exactly what I wanted to keep out of Gulliver Station.” He spread his hands out on the cool polish of the plas-wood table and took a deep breath. “Show them in.”
Jerrell Gass, the Chief of Station Security, walked over to the door and opened it. Two men and a woman came in. He showed them to seats then stood at parade rest in the back of the room. 
The woman was dark skinned, her black hair braided and her left eye swollen and bruised. The two men were both fair skinned and black haired. Fergus leaned forward across the table. “Mrs. Ram, I want to sincerely apologize for the trouble you’ve been through.” 
He looked at the three of them. “It was my goal, five years ago, to build a Station and bring people on board who were ready for a new life. Earth has become a pit of desperation and despair. I want better for us here. You want better or you wouldn’t have come.”
Fergus stood up and began pacing the floor at the head of the table. He ran his hand through hair that was already standing on end. Turning to face them he said, “It was very brave of you three to come forward. I know the other stall owners and shop keepers probably told you to keep quiet. What’s a little payment for protection, right? It was a lot worse on Earth, right?”
He had to stop and take a breath, bring his voice back down to normal. “What I want to tell you is that paying protection to a mob of criminals is not normal. Not for here.” 
He nodded to the back of the room where Chief Gass was still standing. The three of them gazed back at him. “I brought Chief Gass onto the Station because he trained on Fullo, the best colony for honest and clean policing that I could find.” The three of them turned their faces back to Fergus. Mrs. Ram had tears in her eyes. 
“I will not tolerate the criminal behavior that has become everyday life back on Earth. We’re finalizing the installation of monitors in the market areas. We’ll be able to catch any criminal in action. With your help and the help of your fellow shop keepers, we can make Gulliver Station the best place to raise a family in this sector of space.”
Neil Baldwin, stall owner three down from Shaila Ram, nodded. “I came here because you promised us a safe place to live and raise our families.” He looked at the other two, who also nodded. “I’ll take your word for it, for now.” Neil stared straight into Fergus’ eyes. “But I promise you this. I’m not going to be bullied into paying punks not to destroy my stall.” He turned to the Chief. “You both need to hear this. I will not be bullied.”
Fergus walked around the table and sat down next to Mr. Baldwin. “I promise you, all three of you, that we will not rest until the vandals that attacked Mrs. Ram and forced her to pay protection are in custody.”
He stood up. “Please tell your fellow stall owners that. Tell them to come to us. We will find the criminals and punish them.”
Chief Gass came to attention. The three shop keepers stood up. Mrs. Ram had the final word. “I hope so, Mr. Boylan. I hope so.”
The Chief ushered them out, handing them off to a young security officer outside the door. He came back in and shut the door. “Baldwin as much as told us he would be taking things into his own hands.”
Fergus sighed and ran his hand through his hair again. “I know. It’s up to us to make sure he doesn’t have to make that decision. Jerrell, find those criminals and let’s make an example of them.” He paced to the door. “If we don’t, it’ll be Earth all over again.”

#

Conway poured whiskey into three coffee mugs on his desk. Darby Flynn and Eamon Lenox picked up two of them. Conway toasted them. “Here’s to our first six successful months.”
They all raised their mugs and drank. 
“Boyo, I thought you were crazy, getting me to sign up to come here.” Eamon drank again. “But it was the best move I could have made.”
“I agree,” Darby lifted his mug to his two friends. “Conway, when you said we could get rich out here, I thought you’d been drinking.”
They all laughed. 
“What’d I tell ya.” Conway rocked back in his chair. “All I had to do was recommend Darby every time I managed my own promotion. Now, he’s right where we need him to be.”
“Here, here,” they all chimed in.
“Eamon, sorry it was tougher for you, bein’ in a different Union but I made friends with the right guys and here you are.”
Eamon nodded. “I’m glad I met you back on Earth, Conway. I’d still be back there, fightin’ for my twenty hours a week, the wife beggin’ on the street.”
The men grew somber. Back on Earth, they were all at the bottom of the economic rung. Now, they were at the top, all thanks to Conway.
“Conway, did you hear?” Darby broke the silence. “A couple a’ punks robbed one of the market stalls yesterday on Level 4. Right in the middle of the day!”
Conway sat forward. “Did they get caught?”
“Not yet.” Darby made a face. “Rumor is they roughed up the woman stall keeper.”
“Amateurs.” Conway rocked back. “That’s where we need to go next boys. Extortion.”
Darby scratched his head. “Aren’t we out of the business now, Conway?”
Conway snorted, “Not by a long shot. I’ve left it alone since we got here because I was working the Union angle.” He sat forward, picked up a stylus and spun it on the desktop. 
“We’ve got a good start on the Union stuff now, what with you two leading two of the seven unions on the Station.” He paused a moment. “Who were the little thieves?”
Darby shook his head. “Don’t know.”
Conway tapped the end of the stylus on the desk. “Find out.” 
Darby peeked at Eamon, who shrugged. “Sure, but it may take some time. We don’t have an extensive network.”
“Take some flowers to the lady. Offer her the Union’s sincere condolences. Take a hundred credits to give her to replace her losses.”
Darby and Eamon each grinned. 
“Get a description of the two punks. Start asking around. Someone knows these guys. Let’s find them before Station Security does.”
Darby and Eamon drank the rest of their whisky and put the mugs back on the desk. “Right on it, Conway.”
“Boys,” he said as they started to leave. 
They turned around.
“Bring them to me, but call me first, just in case I’m with somebody.”
They nodded and left.
Conway picked up his mug and took a sip. Extortion is my business, he thought to himself. But if you’re good boys, I’ll bring you into the action.


EIGHT

Fergus stood up as his lunch appointment, Gill Caniff, approached. They were in the Eastenders, a comfortable restaurant where Fergus could get the best Irish stew on the Station. He watched the man make his way through the crowd. He has a business-like appearance, Fergus thought. Greying brown hair, strong face. Nice tunic suit but not too flashy. He looks like his record.
“Gill, glad you could make it.” Fergus shook hands with him. “Have a seat.”
Gill noticed the casual décor. Nearly every table was full. “Looks like this is the spot, Fergus. Glad you brought me here. Now I know where to bring the wife.”
They laughed as the waiter came up to the table. “Can I get you gentlemen something to drink?”
“An ale, whatever you’ve got,” Gill said.
“Coffee for me,” Fergus answered.
The waiter left menus and went to fetch the drinks. The two men opened them up. Fergus glanced quickly then put the menu down.
“Already know what you want?” Gill asked. 
“The Irish stew. It’s the best on the Station,” Fergus said. “I haven’t found any better since restaurants started opening up two years ago.”
Gill folded his menu. “Then that’s what I’ll have too.” He sat it to the side. “I appreciate you taking the time to meet me, Fergus. I figured that if I was going to run for your job, it’d be good to find out what’s going on.”
The waiter came back with the drinks and took their orders. Gill raised his glass to Fergus. “To you and the great work you’ve done on Gulliver Station.”
Fergus raised his cup, “Thank you. But it’s not finished yet.”
They drank and Gill sat his glass down. “It will be, by the time elections come around. That leads me to my first question.”
“Shoot,” Fergus said.
“Why such an emphasis on clean government? Isn’t that standard?”
Fergus shook his head. “You grew up on Orion Colony. You’re used to a government that isn’t corrupt. You go to an office, get a pleasant employee who’s paid a living wage. You don’t have to pay a bribe to get your water turned on or your garbage picked up. That’s not the way it works back on Earth, where nearly all of Gulliver’s residents have come from. There, the population is so big, even if you have a job it’s only for a few hours a week. And then you have to pay part of your wages to the person who hired you.”
Gill stared, his beer halfway to his mouth. He sat it back down on the table. “I thought that was just propaganda.”
Fergus shook his head. “I grew up there. I know first-hand. I only got into college because a professor at the University in Dublin, an old family friend, took me in when my parents were killed in a mugging.”
He stopped a minute, taking a sip of coffee.
“I’m so sorry, Fergus, I didn’t know.”
Fergus shrugged. “It was a long time ago. But I remember Ma and Pa pooling their money, going to the store and coming home with hardly enough food to call it a meal.”
Gill took a drink. “What happened to make Earth so bad?” 
Fergus brought his attention back to the table. “Well, the population is just too big. Not just Ireland, all over Earth. You can go to the police, but they just take a record of your complaint. Nothing ever comes of it except the gangs who pay off the police, find out and attack you on the street, tell you to stay away from the police, and if you are lucky, they let you walk away.”
“I had no idea.” 
“When I left for space, I vowed I’d try and do something. This is my something. I brought people up who want a better life. I set up screening to try and weed out the criminals, the mobs, but even now, I know I’ve failed.”
“So that’s why you emphasize keeping the Station government clean?”
Fergus nodded. The waiter brought their food; stew, fresh bread and small crocks of butter. Gill dug in. 
“This is fabulous!” He spread a knife full of butter on the bread and dunked it into the gravy. “This should be illegal.”
Fergus laughed. “It’s mostly yeast you know. With some protein clone tossed in.”
Gill’s eyes went wide. “I forgot. This is a Station, no grazing land.” He swallowed, “I don’t care, I really like it.”
Fergus spooned some of his up. “That’s good. Because if you win the election, that’s what you’re going to be having.”
By the end of the meal, Fergus had made up his mind. “I’ve met with all of the candidates, Gill. I had to, in all fairness. But I think you and I are on the same page. I’d like to throw my name behind yours, if you don’t mind.”
Gill stuck his hand out over the table. “I was hoping you’d say that. I’d appreciate it. I think your name carries some weight here on the Station. I could use that, since I’ve been here such a short time.”
Fergus shook his hand. “It’s a deal.”

#

“Conway Gillespie, what a surprise!” Liam McFarlan was at Eternity’s End, a new bar on Level 6. “Welcome, I’m celebrating my entry into the Station Manager race.” The two men shook hands.
Conway smiled, “That’s what I’m here for Liam, to congratulate you.” Liam was grinning as he led Conway away from the men he was talking to, but the smile didn't make it to his cold, gray eyes.
“Have a drink on me, Conway.” Liam walked him over to the bar, “Alva, love, get Mr. Gillespie whatever he wants.”
“Whisky, neat,” Conway ordered. 
The two men watched her pour and when she brought it over, Conway dropped a three credit chit on the bar.
Alva grinned. “Thank you, Mr. Gillespie.”
Conway nodded then turned back to Liam, taking a sip of his drink. Alva moved down the bar.
“That was pretty generous, Conway.” Liam put his foot up on the rail and planted his arm on the bar. 
Putting his drink down, Conway scanned the room, making sure no one could hear. “I’m always generous with those who serve me.” He glanced at the door where he’d left Darby talking to an acquaintance. Darby gave his head the slightest shake no.
Conway had left Darby to check the bar for anyone who might object to his rapid rise through the ranks. Darby’s signal indicated it was all clear. He turned to Liam. The man was watching him. The same height as Conway, his brown hair was thinning. “Back on Earth, weren’t you a politician?” Come on, you know I know.
“That I was. But the Station wasn’t signing on politicians, so I fell back on my skills as an accountant to get a place here. Why do you ask?” 
They were interrupted by two men. One slapped Liam on the back. “Congratulations on entering the Station Manager race, Liam! You’ll leave all the rest of ‘em in the dust, if there were any.” The three of them laughed at the bad joke. 
“Patrick, Angus, leaving so soon?” He shook hands with the two men.
“Yeah, but thanks for the beers,” Angus said as they walked away. Let us know what we can do.”
“Sure boys, sure. I’ll let you know.” Liam waved as they walked out into the concourse.
Conway waited until they left to continue. “It seems as though you have some supporters.”
Liam shrugged. “A few.”
Conway nodded. “I found your record from Earth. How would you feel about a few more? A few, let's call them active, supporters.” Will he take the offer or will I have to sweeten the pot?
Liam shifted position. Conway knew that he was checking the room for himself. No matter what his job was before or after, he wasn't missing many meals. He made two of Conway. Liam turned back to Conway, a friendly smile on his face but Conway could see his gray eyes were sharp and focused. “What would be the cost of these…friends?”
“Oh, no cost. They’re all good citizens. They’d love to help with your campaign.” Good, he knows about Boylan’s obsession with honest government, he’s done his homework.
“Really.” Liam’s left eyebrow went up.
“Just a moment of your time, now and again, a little consideration when it’s convenient,” Conway took another sip of his whisky. Be cool Conway, he needs to know the cost.
“This isn’t Ireland, you know.”
“Of course!” Conway threw up his hands. “We’ve left all that old corruption behind us. Things are different now.” Now we need to set up a new corruption, with us at the top.
Liam picked up his beer, his eyes never leaving Conway’s face, and took a swig. He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand as he set the near empty glass back on the bar. “I suppose I could use a few campaign workers,” he allowed. 
Conway grinned and slapped Liam on the shoulder. “I knew we could reach an understanding.”
“I’ll call you in a couple of days.” Liam shook his hand. “We can talk about the campaign.”
“You do that. I’d love to help.”


NINE

Fergus walked through the still-to-be-completed office spaces of Station Security. TEMPEST shielding that would prevent eavesdropping on communications in the office, was stacked against the walls, secure communications cabling was dangling from the ceiling and there were guys on ladders every twenty feet. He was glad he had his hard hat on. 
The work was on schedule. He planned to complete these internal, non-public spaces last. On the other hand some of Security had to be finished at the start of the station's build out. The first couple of years were rough and sometimes construction workers needed to blow off steam. Once in a while, they needed to be arrested, so he’d had to build out at least a few detention cells and some office space. 
Justice was a little rough the first two years. The company just fired anyone who didn’t fit in. The third year Fergus hired Jerrell Gass. What a find! Clean cut, by the book and he’d held a training position at the Police Academy on Fullo. He didn’t want to leave of course. Fullo was a planet of order and discipline and Gass had an excellent position there. Fergus tempted him with the thought of setting up his own force, completely from scratch.
That third year was tough. Jerrell put together the new Station Security force. It took a while to convince the construction crew who’d been there the longest that the Station was serious about following the law. Gass was a model of patience. Even though he was a stickler for the law, he was fair. He left judgment up to the tribunal Fergus had set up.
The tribunal was suggested by Jerrell, of course, but it was a great idea. The panel of three was composed of workers from the Station instead of professional judges. They were chosen by the Station workers and it made all the difference. The troublemakers were being punished by their peers. Problems dropped to almost zero. 
Fergus dodged a spool of cable falling out of the ceiling. 
“Sorry about that,” he heard through the hole. 
“No problem,” he tossed back over his shoulder. 
He knocked on the door frame. Jerrell’s door hadn’t been installed yet. 
Jerrell was at his desk and glanced up at the knock. “Boylan, I see you made it through the obstacle course.”
Fergus laughed. “This is easy. Try doing it when you’re still in space suits and you can’t hear what’s going on around you.”
Shaking his head, Jerrell pointed at a dusty chair, “I don’t know how you do it. All this confusion; people yelling, things falling, banging - I can’t think.”
Sitting down, Fergus took off his hard hat. “I know you didn’t call me up here to complain about the construction, Jerrell. Besides, it’ll be done in three weeks. Then you’ll have shiny new offices to work in.”
Jerrell moved his monitor so Fergus could see it. “I have the statistics for the last six months.” He tapped a few keys on his pad and a graph filled the screen. “I wanted you to see this so you understand what I’m talking about.”
Fergus nodded. “Go ahead.”
Jerrell pointed at the left side of the screen. “This is a year ago. The crime rates reflect the Station population at that time; primarily workers. They’d been conditioned to follow the Station laws of the time. You can see it’s pretty low.” He tapped another key and another graph came up. 
“This is the graph for the time frame seven months ago until now. Look at the rise in crime.”
Fergus inspected the graph. As the number of new arrivals came on board, the crime rate climbed. “Isn’t that an effect of additional residents?”
Jerrell shook his head. “To a slight degree, yes. But, we were bringing on the permanent residents. These are family people, and the majority of the construction workers were leaving the Station. I really expected the crime rates to fall.” He sat back in his chair.
Tracing the graph with his finger, Fergus could clearly see that with each additional thousand new residents, the crime rate rose 1% per thousand. He stared at Jerrell, “What’s the problem?”
“Before I get to that, let me tell you something else.” He pulled up a new graph. “I have ten Station Security officers. I brought them with me from Fullo, as you know. That’s only two officers per shift; the others are in training, medical leave or off duty. The Station residents don’t like them. They don’t look like your residents and they speak with the Fullo accent.”
Fergus ran his hand through his hair, staring between the graph and Jerrell. “I know we talked about putting on more Station Security, but I didn’t think this initial population of four thousand would need more than ten security officers.”
“I helped you arrive at that number, Fergus. Normally we wouldn’t need more than that for this size population. The problem is who you brought. They’re not educated to respect the rights and property of others. Earth has taught them exactly the opposite.”
“But…”
Jerrell raised his hand, “I know. You wanted to bring those poor people out of the pit that Earth has become. Most of them want to be here. But we need to start an immediate education program.”
“For the adults?” Fergus began immediately figuring how much budget he could scrape together for such a project.
Sitting forward, Jerrell shrugged. “Some for the adults, yes, because their attitudes affect their children. I’m talking about the primary focus to be on the children. Even the teenagers can be reached if we do it through the educational system and hit it hard.”
Fergus stared at the ceiling for a minute. He began nodding. “Yeah, that can be done.” He noticed Gass, a grin starting to form. “You know just the material we need I suppose?”
Jerrell tapped a few more keys. A picture of the initial page of the material popped up on the screen. “It’s not even that expensive.”
Laughing, Fergus asked, “Anything else?”
Jerrell turned off the monitor. “Yes. We need to begin training Station residents to be on Station Security.”
Scratching his ear, Fergus asked, “Isn’t it enough that Station residents will be working in the office? You know, secretaries, clerks, and such?”
“No, they need to see their sons and daughters in Station Security uniforms. Otherwise, we’ll always be outsiders, never trusted.”
Fergus closed his eyes. It's always something. There isn't a lot of slack left in the budget at this stage of the build out. “When?”
“We can advertise two openings, to keep within the plan. They won’t be ready to take on their duties for two years. So there’s plenty of time for the Station to realize their own people will be enforcing the law.”
“Just two?” He was genuinely surprised.
Jerrell nodded. “There’s a washout rate, even with strict screening at the beginning. So every year we’ll take on two recruits. As the current staff decides to move on or retire, we’ll have recruits in the pipeline. Eventually, the whole of Station Security will be from Gulliver Station.”
Fergus got out of his chair. “I like it, Jerrell. We can make some good PR from that too.”

#

“Brody, over here,” Ferris Argall called from the center of the meeting room.
Brody Skerry moved slowly to where his friends Ferris, Conall Devlin and Edan Majar were sitting. It was time for the monthly Dock Workers United membership meeting and Brody knew everyone. It took a while for him to greet the dock workers in his path and reach his friends.
He plopped in the chair they’d saved for him, next to Edan. “I hate it when the meeting falls on my day off,” he complained to his friends. 
“You should complain,” Conall Devlin said over the roar of the other members talking and laughing. “I’ve got to go back to work after the meeting. At least you can go with the boys and grab a pint.”
The other three men laughed, making whining noises at him. They heard the gavel banging and settled into their chairs. 
At the front of the room the Dock Workers Union Leader, Gilby McAllen, was at the podium. This Level 2 meeting room was designed to hold five hundred people and was equipped with the latest in technology, so everyone in the audience could clearly hear what was being said. 
Brody settled in. These meetings were mostly a bore but it gave him a chance to meet his friends and go for a beer afterward. It wasn’t as though he had to mow the lawn or anything.
Gilby McAllen pounded the gavel once more, calling the meeting to order. He ran through the usual business, chiding those who hadn’t paid their union dues yet, giving a rough outline of the remaining Station construction and welcoming the new members. 
We’ll be out of here in a minute, he’s rippin’ right through the business. Brody began thinking about what beer he would order.
“Brothers and sisters, I need to tell you this one last thing.” He paused and glanced around the room. The murmur of talking died down. “I have received a letter from the shipping companies that due to the high rate of dock costs, they request we lower our salary.”
The audience roared to life. Gilby let them rant for a bit then began banging the gavel. “I take it then you don’t agree with taking a reduction in pay?” he asked when they quieted.
The membership roared its disapproval again. “That’s what I thought.”
Darby stood and was recognized by Gilby. 
“I think I speak for all of us,” he studied the room, “when I say that we don’t approve a reduction in pay.” The men around him shouted their approval and Ferris slapped him on the back. 
“We’ve trained hard since we’ve been here to learn how to be good dock workers. It’s the first time in our lives that we have a full time job, earning decent pay. We’re not giving that up.” He gazed around the room at the two hundred men and women shouting their approval and sat down. 
Gilby had to pound the gavel a few times to get the meeting back to order. “Will someone make a motion?”
A woman on the other side of the hall spoke up, “I make a motion we reject the proposal by the shipping company to reduce our pay.” She sat down. A guy three rows behind Brody stood up, “I second that motion.”
“All in favor of rejecting the request by the shipping companies to reduce our pay?”
The room reverberated with the “Aye”. “All opposed?” The room was silent.
“The motion has passed,” Gilby smacked the gavel down on the podium. “Meeting adjourned. Let’s grab a beer.”



TEN

Arthur Madison sat at the head of the boardroom table. John Waters, Shiva Sindar and Anthony Spiro sat on one side of the table. On the other side were four of the smaller shippers: Faraz Nadar, Zafer Heglund, Genko Fujimori and Kyler Borman. Abigail sat at the side of the room, on her father’s right. On the wall opposite her a secretary was making sure a record of the meeting was completed. 
They were making small talk, waiting for their guest, Fergus Boylan. They didn’t have to wait long; Fergus arrived punctually at the invited time. 
Arthur stood up, “Fergus, glad you could make it.”
“Wouldn’t miss it, Arthur, thanks for inviting me.” The two men shook hands. 
“Sit down there at the end of the table, if you would, Fergus.”
Fergus nodded and walked to the assigned chair. Arthur sat back down. “Alright lady,” he nodded at his daughter, “and gentlemen. I’ll bring this meeting to order.”
Fergus put his electronic pad on the table in front of him, ready to take a note if need be.
“Fergus, I believe you’ve met everyone already, so I’ll get started.”
Nodding to each of the shippers at the table, Fergus caught Abigail’s eye and silently acknowledged her too. He was rewarded with a small smile that caused his heart to race. He missed Arthur’s opening statement but snapped back when he heard his name.
“Fergus, we called you here today to discuss some items of interest to us that you, as Station Manager, control.”
“I’m ready to hear what you have,” Fergus responded. I wonder what their problem is today? He thought to himself. I’ve bent over backward making sure they’re happy. 
“First,” Arthur began, “I have to thank you, for all of us,” he indicated the other shippers, “on the fine job you’ve done building the Station.”
Faroz Nadar said, “Hear, hear!” and began clapping, so the other shippers did too.
Great, a love fest, Fergus thought as he tried to graciously accept the praise.
The table quieted and Arthur resumed. “But we have some things we’d like to tweak, if that’s all right.”
“Let’s hear them, Arthur. I’ll see what I can do.”
Arthur nodded, “First, we’d like to discuss the dock workers. We’d like to have the shipping rates the Station charges dropped to a lower level.”
Fergus started to object, but Arthur held up his hand. “Please, let me lay it out for you. If we could get lower rates, we could ship more goods. As it is, the rates are among the highest in the quadrant.”
“Arthur, gentlemen,” Fergus glanced around the table. “The rates are high because we have the state of the art shipping design on the Station. That costs money. Also, we pay the dock workers a living wage so they can afford to buy the things you all ship.”
Shiva Sindar spoke up. “But, Mr. Boylan, paying the workers a fraction less wouldn’t impact their ability to make a living. But spread over so many dock workers, it makes a big difference to us.”
Shaking his head, Fergus replied. “It makes a difference to them. They were promised the going rate for wages. That’s what I intend to pay them.” He peeked over at Abigail but she was studying the electronic pad in her lap and wouldn’t look up.
Arthur tried to regain control of the meeting. “I understand your desire to provide the dock workers a fair wage. Perhaps we can all think about it and return to the topic later."
Fergus thought that would be a waste of time but he wasn't going to argue about it in their meeting. 
"Let’s move on to another topic. “The cost of renting space on the Station seems to be inordinately high. Can we do something about that?”
“Gentlemen, I’ve set the rental costs at a rate similar to other space stations. As Gulliver is brand new and state of the art, I could have charged a premium. But I wanted business to move into the Station as soon as possible. You’re all getting a discount, so to speak, already. However, in the interest of good will, I’ll cut five percent off of your rental costs for the next year.” He began tapping information into his pad. “Is that acceptable?”
The men around the table observed each other and nodded. Arthur spoke for the group. “That seems to be most acceptable, Fergus. Thank you.”
“Is there anything else?” Fergus finished typing into his pad.
Anthony Spiro spoke up. “We’d like more personal space. The apartments seem rather small for men of our…” he gazed around the room, “…rank. We’d like them to be made larger.”
Fergus’ eyebrows went up. “More space?” He took a deep breath. “I can understand that it seems a little small. You all are probably used to living on a planet. However, this is a space station. Each of you already have the largest apartments on the Station. It would seem…inappropriate, to grant you more living space.”
“Really, Mr. Boylan,” John Waters began. “My wife has complained since we’ve arrived about our accommodations. Can’t something be done?”
He shook his head, “I’m very sorry, Mr. Waters, but I must be firm on this point.” Fergus knew Waters' wife, Adele. She made daily complaints to Station Admin about life on the Station. Nothing suited the woman. Nothing at all.
Arthur stood. “Thank you for coming to see us, Fergus. We appreciate the time you’ve taken out of your busy schedule.”
Fergus picked up his pad, understanding that they were annoyed with him and he was being dismissed. He stood up and came around the table. He shook hands with Arthur but he could feel cold waves of anger coming from the others. “Thank you for inviting me, Arthur. I’ll make sure the financial office has the rental reduction input immediately.”
Arthur walked him to the door. As they passed Abigail, Fergus saw her give him a quick wink. That brightened his day considerably. He gave her a little smile and stepped through the door.
As Arthur closed the door, he turned to his daughter. “Abigail, would you join us at the table please?”
She nodded and walked to the seat Boylan had just vacated. Putting her pad on the table, she sat forward, hands folded in front of her.
Her father sat back down. “Gentlemen, we’ve only gained a small concession from our Station Manager today. The personal living space is a small issue compared to the cost of doing business. We need those dock workers to take a cut in pay. How do we do that?”
Kylar Borman spoke up. “We could break a few heads.”
Abigail’s heart skipped a beat. She’d done profiles on each of the shippers. Kylar was by far the worst of the lot. There was rumor, and some proof, that he gained his shipping company in a series of shady deals and perhaps the death of the previous owner. She disliked sitting at the same table with him. 
“Not appropriate,” Shiva Kindar replied. “That will only serve to enrage the dock workers and the other unions as well. No, we need a better plan.”
“What do you suggest?” Zafer Heglund asked. “We need the dock workers, that’s not in question. But how do we get them to accept lower pay?”
“We ask Conway Gillespie.” Genko Fujimori spoke for the first time. “He’s the Facilitator. Let him facilitate this.”
Abigail saw the men at the table nodding their heads. Those union men aren’t going to take less pay no matter who talks to them, she thought. She was startled when her father called her name. 
“Abigail. You seemed to get on quite well with Conway the other night at your welcome ball. You talk to him, see what he can do.”
“Um,yes. Yes, Father. I’ll talk to him.” The pressure’s on now, she thought to herself. It’s put up or shut up time.



ELEVEN

Two days after Boylan's meeting with the shippers, Gilby McAllen rapped the gavel on the podium, calling the special meeting to order. “Brothers and sisters,” he began. “Today we have the man responsible for the construction of Gulliver Station with us. Let’s give Fergus Boylan a warm welcome.”
The crowd of dock workers all rose and a wave of applause and shouts of welcome washed over the front of the room. Fergus waved back to the audience as he walked to the stage, blushing pink from collar to ear tips with the attention. He was grateful to the Union Leader for calling the special meeting. They'd just had the regular monthly meeting a few days ago. The applause only died down after he motioned for them to take their seats.
Clearing his throat, he addressed the brotherhood. “Thank you for that warm welcome.” Another round of cheers and applause began. He grinned at them, again, signaling them to quiet down.
After Fergus had left the Shippers, he sat at his desk thinking over the request. He knew the dock workers would reject it out of hand. However, he thought. I don't know that they're suffering. I don't know what their books look like. Let's see if I can bring the two together and still make everyone happy. Now here he was, facing the crowd. Now's the time, boyo. Let's see what the dock workers will say to my proposal.
“When we began bringing permanent dock workers onto the still to be completed Station over thirteen months ago, most of you had never been outside of Ireland, let alone into space.”  Shouts of “You bet your ass,” and “You ain’t kiddin’ there,” erupted from around the room. Fergus grinned at them.
“I grant you, it’s been a rough road. You all had to be trained and you’ve worked hard. It’s been a pleasure working with you on getting Gulliver Station up and operational. Each and every one of you can take pride in helping build this Station.”
Applause broke out again. He had to signal them to quiet down again. “You were promised a fair wage, consistent with the wages dock workers get on other Stations. And we’ve given you those wages.”
This time the dockworkers went wild. No amount of signaling quieted them. Gilby had to come back to the podium and bang the gavel several times to bring order back to the room. Fergus stepped forward again.
“Now we come to our first real debate. The shippers are claiming that your wages are breaking them. They aren’t able to make a profit. They’re considering moving their headquarters to another Station.”
The adoring audience fell silent. One dockworker from the back of the room yelled out, “What a crock!” The rest of the audience cheered him.
I was afraid of this, Fergus thought. Any good will I had just went down the crapper. He held up his hands for silence. The mood of the room became colder.
“You all understand economics. You’ve lived on the wrong end of it for a long time. Consider this. If the shippers really are having a hard time of it because of the cost of doing business on the Station, they may very well move their operations. I ask you, where will that leave you and your families?”
A shout came from the back of the room, “They’re just squeezin' us, just like back on Earth." "They ain’t havin’ a hard time, they’re just greedy.” Many in the audience agreed, some were quite vocal about it.
Fergus nodded, the room quieted to hear what he had to say. “I agree with you. I promised you all, and all of the other unions and workers on the Station a fair and living wage. That’s why you came. I intend to keep that promise.”
Again he had to pause as the group realized he was on their side. When they quieted, he asked, “Consider this though. You are all here for the long haul. You need to look at the big picture. What’s best for the Station, not just yourselves? If your prices are too high, businesses will move to other Stations. So I’m asking; don’t reject proposals out of hand. Form a committee if you have to; study the actual economics of the situation. Then vote with your heads, not just your hearts. Thank you for your time.”
He stepped away from the podium. There was only moderate applause but he didn’t mind. I just dropped a lot on them. They’ll do the right thing.

#

The same day in the Shipper’s board room, Abigail was seated at the conference table, next to Anthony Spiro. Conway Gillespie was at the end of the table, where Fergus had been seated, to her left. Her father started the meeting.
“Abigail explained what you are considering,” Conway began. “Let me summarize what I believe you’re asking me to do.” He viewed the men at the table. He’d dealt with most of the shippers individually, arbitrating between them and their workers or them and ships' captains occasionally. He understood them for what they were; ruthless business men who wouldn’t let something like fair play get in their way. He’d had the most business with Kyler Borman. A little too ruthless for my taste, Conway thought. 
“You want me to convince the dockworkers that they should take a cut in pay. You want it done quietly, and you don’t want it traced back to you. Is that about right?”
Arthur Madison spoke for the group. “Is that too much?”
Conway shook his head. He’d already thought about it. He and Abigail had met two days ago. Over dinner and drinks they talked about how she liked Station life.
“I love it,” she said over appetizers. “I’m already on a few boards. My favorite is the Education Board. It’s important to make sure we’re educating the Station children to be able to take over the Station functioning in the future.”
He loved how her brown eyes sparkled with excitement as she spoke about her first trip through the class rooms. He could hardly believe his luck that someone so refined would be out with an orphan from the back streets of Dublin. He encouraged her to talk about her home on Pica and her education at the University there. 
While they were having after dinner coffee, she made the shipper’s proposal. He was a little disappointed. He’d hoped this was a more social occasion but still, she made the date with him. It had to be business, he cautioned himself. Don’t read too much into it. He agreed to meet with the board. 
After dinner was over, though, she continued to sit and talk with him. They ordered another bottle of wine and talked about her childhood on Pica. “I’m feeling giddy,” she said after that bottle was finished. Would you like to walk with me back to my apartment?”
Walk her home? “I’d, I’d like that,” he stammered.
They window-shopped on the way to her apartment, she pointed out several men’s tunic suits which would be perfect for him. At her door, she paused. He drew closer, will she invite me in? 
She put her hands on his chest and he felt as though his heart would explode. “Thank you for walking me home.” She stood on tiptoe and kissed him on the cheek. “We could have dinner again,” she looked up into his eyes. “If you want to.”
That was then, now he had to force his mind back to this meeting.
“It can be done, but it will take time. It isn’t going to happen overnight. It has to be voted on by the dock workers in a union meeting and they aren’t going to agree to it easily.”
John Waters tapped his fingers on the table. “How long will it take?”
Conway glanced at the other shippers. They were leaning forward in their seats. Only Abigail and her father were sitting back. They’re not for cutting the dock worker wages. But the others are. Hmm. “It’ll take at least four months, maybe more.”
Disappointment radiated from the shippers. Zafer Heglund broke the tension. “That long?”
“Probably longer,” Conway responded. “I know where these men are coming from and I know how much these wages mean to them. They aren’t going to give up so easily. Do you want me to proceed?”
Genko Fujimori broke the quiet, “What is your fee?”
“Ten percent of the first five year’s savings,” Conway replied.
“Ten percent! That’s excessive!” Shiva Sindar leaned across the table. “You ask too much.”
Conway relaxed back into his chair, “That’s my fee. We can drop the proposal.” Out of the corner of his eye he could see Abigail carefully studying her hands in her lap.
The other shippers were in various levels of anger. Arthur was calm, Shiva was the most enraged. Kyler Borman asked, “What is the penalty if you don’t succeed?”
Good question Kyler, I’d expect that from you. “If I don’t succeed, at all, I’ll do the next facilitation for free.” 
Faraz Nadar nodded, tapping his chin with his forefinger. “If we give you your stated amount, you must bring the dock worker wages down before the Station Manager election.”
Conway thought about it, drumming his fingers on the table. It’ll be tight. “Agreed.”
Arthur Madison slapped his hand on the table. “It’s a deal.”


TWELVE

Abigail pressed a key on her pad, “Ria, could you come in here please?”
“Sure Ms. Madison. Be right in.”
Unlike her father’s office, reminiscent of the sand and sea of Pica, she decorated her office in woodland hues. The walls weren’t wood paneling; that would have been too ostentatious. Instead, they were a color called Caper, textured and shaded to resemble the real leaves of a temperate forest. 
Where she did spend money was on plants. There were the ubiquitous spider plants the Station handed out to every apartment owner because they were good for cleaning the air. But there were others as well, rafis palm plants, pineapple tropical plants, rubber trees, dracaena gold star, and vines too, philodendron, ivy, and even orchids, for some color. She found the greenery restful and was certain that the extra oxygen kept her sharp.
She had her pad on her glass desk. The glass desk was not only beautiful, with glass legs curving gracefully to the desktop, but was resistant to the additional humidity in the room. Ria came in and sat in one of the chairs matching the desk. Short, only one point three meters, she had a dusky complexion belying her Danish surname. She kept her hair in a short bob, reaching only the bottom of her earlobes. Intelligent brown eyes and quick movements hinted at her intensity and character. Abigail had selected her personally. Her pad at the ready, she asked, “What’s up?”
Abigail looked up from her pad. “The last shipment from the ship Planet Jumper, didn’t we purchase a shipping crate full of titanium from them?”
Ria tapped keys. “Umm, yeah, one crate, out of Neptune, unloaded at 1527 and was routed to warehouse space 359.” She asked, “Why?”
“It’s disappeared. I have a buyer, out in Sector 12, and I can’t find the crate.”
Ria got up and walked around behind her boss. “You checked…”
Abigail tipped the pad so Ria could see, “Yes, I checked what you just checked. I checked our database for that spot. It’s marked as empty.”
Ria stared at the screen, thumbnail in her mouth. “Data entry error?”
“I don’t think so.” Abigail fished around the beige plas-carpet under her desk with her toe. She had slipped her shoes off a while ago. Now she needed them on. Ria moved around to the front of the desk. 
“I’m going to the warehouse.” She’d found her shoe and slid it onto her foot.
“The warehouse?”
“Yes.” She cleared her pad screen and slipped it into her suit jacket pocket. “I’m going down and see for myself, the spot where this crate is supposed to be.”
Ria put on her professional voice. “Shall I call Mr. Trang?”
Abigail was annoyed; her voice went cold. “No. I’m going to surprise Mr. Trang.”
Ria’s eyebrows went up in surprise. “Shall I go with?”
Abigail shook her head. “No, I can handle it. What I want you to do is check the records. See if other shipments have disappeared when we wanted them.”
“Sure.” she started poking at her pad keys. “I’ve already started.”
Abigail smiled. “Good, I’ll be back in a while.”

#

Madison Shipping’s warehouse was on Level 2, C quadrant, 3000 ring. She was glad she had on a jacket today; the warehouse was big and cold. It didn’t take too long for the elevator to take her from her office to Level 2 but she had to take the MagLev around the Level to get to the C quadrant. The rest of the walk on the 3000 ring took some time. The warehouse was number C3100, the last warehouse space before the D quadrant. 
At the warehouse, she went to the warehouse manager’s office, Mr. Miles Trang. There were windows in the wall of the office. They were there so the manager could see what was going on in the warehouse. She could see he was at his desk, which was littered with paper coffee cups, with his feet up on the desk and pad in front of his face. She knocked on the door and entered, not waiting for his “come in.” 
When he saw her, he leapt to his feet, pad falling to the desktop, knocking over two cups, coffee spilling out onto the already sticky desktop. She could see a game on the pad screen. He saw her glance at the pad and in his hurry to darken the screen, knocked over another cup.
“Uh, Ms. Madison. No one called! I wasn’t expecting you.”
One eyebrow went up. “Obviously, Mr. Trang.” Her nose wrinkled with distaste. The office smelled rank with old coffee and something she couldn’t identify. “Let’s take a walk. Bring your pad.” She left the office and he scrambled to follow.
“Mr. Trang, where’s slot 359?”
He pointed to the left. “It’s the third aisle, third level, fifty-nine spots down the aisle.”
She swept her hand out in the direction he indicated. “Lead on.”
He scurried along in front of her, continuously checking back to see if she followed. He had his pad out, poking at the keypad. “Umm, should be right here, Miss.” He looked at his pad and up to the third level. She stopped behind him. He checked the pad again then examined the slot, clearly labeled 359.
He looked at her, confusion on his face. Even in the cold, she could see a trickle of sweat on his temple. “Uh, it’s not there.”
She glared at him, hands clasped in front of her. “What’s not there, Mr. Trang?” she asked softly.
Pointing at the slot, as though she couldn’t see, he studied his pad. “There’s supposed to be a crate there, titanium.” He rubbed his forehead then scratched at the top of his head. “It’s not there.”
She took a deep breath, gripping her hands together. It wouldn’t do to shout at the man. He was clearly confused. “Mr. Trang. I can see it isn’t there. I was about to sell it when I searched the records and found out it wasn’t there. I was hoping it was just a clerical error.”
“Uh, yes'm.”
She closed her eyes. She could see him slumping in front of her. Get a grip on yourself, Abigail. Speak calmly. “Mr. Trang, she said softly. “Do you have any record of the crate being moved to another location?”
He was as pale as a ghost, as the old saw went. He nervously punched his pad’s keys, wiping away screen after screen. She stood there silently, but had to restrain herself from tapping her foot with impatience. Eyes wide and fearful, pad in one hand, arms out wide, he said, “I don’t know, Ms. Madison.” He looked forlorn, standing there in the middle of the aisle. 
Licking her lips, drying out in the cold, she had to consciously keep her teeth from grinding. “Mr. Trang. Did you see a crate leave the warehouse?”
He squirmed as though he wanted the floor to open up and swallow him. He hung his head. “No, Miss.”
She smoothed the front of her jacket with both hands. She’d been gripping them so tight they were beginning to cramp. “Follow me.”
She led him back to his office. They went inside, despite the smell, because it was warmer in there. “Mr. Trang, I’m calling in an auditor. Every single crate, box, barrel and item in this warehouse is going to be inventoried. I’m calling in security to stand guard here around the clock. You will clean this office up before they get here, it’s disgusting. You will assist the auditors with whatever they need. Do I make myself clear?”
“Yes, Miss,” he mumbled. 
“Nothing is to leave this warehouse without my express signature, is that clear?”
“Yes, Miss.”
“Where is the rest of the warehouse staff?”
“Bill comes on at 1600, Nigella comes on at midnight.”
“Call them. They will report to duty as scheduled but they will report to the auditor and do whatever is required. Is that clear?”
“Yes, Miss.
She stood watching him, disgusted with the reek of the room and the incompetence of the man. She decided to give it one more try. Maybe there was some redeeming quality about the man. “How did you come to be Madison Shipping’s Warehouse Manager, Mr. Trang?”
The question confused him, his eyes darted up from the floor to her, the door, his desk, then back to the floor. “Um, well, I was injured, workin’ the docks. My old boss put in a word for me, ya see. And there weren’t a lot of cargo yet. So the Madison HR clerk, he thought I’d be able to do the job.” He peeked up at her out of the corner of his eye.
Her eyes riveted on him. Of course! How else would an incompetent be put in charge of millions of credits worth of shipping. The old boys' network. “Mr. Trang,” she tried to keep the anger out of her voice. “Had you ever managed a warehouse before then?”
Eyes still on the floor, “No, Miss. I handled cargo. Knew how to get it into the warehouse. Put it where it was supposed to go. It didn’t seem like such a stretch to tell somebody else where to stack it and to send it out where the office said to ship it to.”
The stench of the room was overwhelming her, she couldn’t think. “Mr. Trang. If the auditors find that you’ve been selling our cargo on your own, I am going to prosecute you to the fullest extent of the law. Am I clear?”
It was too much for him. She saw a tear fall from his cheek onto the floor, leaving a dusty splotch where it fell. Too angry to offer a kind word, she turned around and left. On her march back to the elevators she called Ria.
“It’s a mess down here,” she told her assistant. “Call the auditors. I want them down there within the hour. Tell them to get Trang to help them. I want every damn thing in that warehouse inventoried. I want the records audited for criminal activity.”
“Got it, Abigail. Anything else?”
“Do a background check on Trang and his crew. I want to know everything there is to know about all three of them. If they’ve been stealing I want to know it.”
“Background check, got it.”
“And Ria.”
“Yes?”
“Include our HR clerk in the background check.”
“Sure, HR clerk too. Do you think Mr. Trang is really stealing cargo?”
Abigail had reached the elevators, she punched the button. “No. I think he’s a broken down old dock worker. But someone has been stealing and I’m going to find out who it is.”


THIRTEEN

Fergus couldn’t get Abigail out of his mind. Every day he’d pick up his communicator to call her and every day he’d hesitate, then put the device back into his pocket. She’s not interested in you, Fergus Boylan. What would such a fine woman want with the likes o’ you? And her the daughter of a wealthy man. Stick to your own kind, you’ll be happier.
But he wasn’t happy. After a Station tenant meeting, Abigail approached him. “Nice to see you, Fergus,” she shook his hand.
He realized she was the last tenant in the board room, they were alone. His secretary had already departed.
“Uhh, yes, uh, nice to see you again, Ms. Madison.”
She laughed, “Really, Fergus, I think we can use first names, don’t you?”
“Yes, uh, yes, of course.” He desperately searched his brain for something to say next. “How are you?” All he could focus on was how her auburn hair swept up the nape of her neck and coiled gracefully at the back of her head.
“I’m well, thank you.” She paused, a smile playing around her soft lips. “I’ve been wondering why I haven’t heard from you since our dance?”
For a moment, he couldn’t place what she was saying. “Dance? Oh yes. I had a wonderful time.”
She nodded, her eyes held a sparkle of mischief. “Yes, I did too.” 
He stared at his feet. “Um, I’m glad.” What if I ask her to dinner? Is it too much? Am I overstepping my bounds? “Have you been to the Eastenders restaurant?” Idiot, what would she be doing down on a Level 4 restaurant?
“Why no, I haven’t. Is it good?” 
He could smell her perfume, a very light scent, like lavender and vanilla. It was hard to think. “Uh, yes, they make Irish stew.”
She smiled, the corners of her eyes crinkling. “That sounds delightful, Fergus.”
“Would, uh, would you like to go?”
She shifted her pad from one hand to the other. “To dinner? With you?”
He panicked. Oh, now she’s offended! “Yes,” he mumbled, “I’d love to introduce you to the place.”
“I’d love to, Fergus. I’m free tomorrow evening. Is that good for you?”
He could hardly believe his ears, “Yes, um, nineteen hundred?”
She took a step toward the door. “Excellent. Shall I meet you there?”
“There, yes, I’ll meet you there.”
She reached out and patted his arm, “I’m looking forward to it.” 
His mind a whirl, he could only muster, “Me too,” as he watched her leave the board room.
The next evening he arrived at the restaurant half an hour early. “Anna,” he greeted the owner of the Eastenders, “I’ve asked Abigail Madison here tonight.”
“Fergus,” Anna grinned. “You finally asked a girl out on a date?”
He fidgeted with the high collar of his best tunic. “This is serious, Anna. I want everything to be perfect.”
She patted him on the arm, grinning. “Alright, Fergus, alright. I understand. You want to impress her.”
“Yes, yes,” he kept glancing at the door. “She’ll be here at nineteen hundred. Your best table, Anna.” Maybe the best table is occupied! "Is the best table available?”
She put her arm around him. “Have a seat here at the bar.” She planted him on a stool at the end of the bar. “I’ll get a table set up for you.” Glancing down the bar, she waved her bartender over. “Adam, get Mr. Boylan a whisky to calm his nerves.”
Fergus fidgeted, raising his hand to run through his hair. Anna slapped his hand. “Stop that, it’s the first time I’ve seen your hair combed.” Sheepishly, he put his hand down on the bar. “Are you going to be alright while I set the table?”
He nodded as Adam sat a squat glass with a finger of whiskey in it in front of him. He grabbed the glass and drank it straight down. Anna laughed. “Take it easy there, Fergus. Not too many now.” She signaled Adam to refill the glass. “I’ll be back in a minute. Calm yourself.”
He started to run his hand through his hair then stopped his hand halfway to his head. He twisted the glass around and around on the bar until Anna returned.
“I’ve got your table all ready. It’s in the back quiet corner. Do you want to wait for your lady here or at the table?”
“Here,” he said, eyes darting to the door. 
Anna laughed. “I’ve asked Birgit to be your waitress. She won’t let anything go wrong.”
“Yes, Birgit. She’s a good waitress,” he said, still watching the door. 
Anna shook her head and left him at the bar. 
At nineteen-ten Abigail arrived. He thought his heart would stop. She had her hair down - a shoulder-length mane of auburn, glinting gold highlights in the low light of the bar. She’d dressed conservatively, a calf-length skirt of black with a blue, shimmery blouse that was the exact color of the noon sky. A simple pearl necklace set off her lovely neck. He could hardly breathe.
She spotted him at the bar and her smile lit up the room. He slid off of the barstool as she walked over to him. She gave him a peck on the cheek. “What a lovely place, Fergus. Thank you for showing it to me.”
His tongue was tied - all he could do was nod and return the peck on her cheek. Swallowing, he tried again to speak. “Glad you could make it.” His eyes darted around in a panic. Where did Anna say the table was?
Fortunately for him, Birgit came to rescue him. “Mr. Boylan, your table is ready.”
“Yes, thank you.” They followed Birgit to the rear of the restaurant. 
He remembered his manners when Abigail paused beside her chair. He rushed to pull it out for her. Get with it Fergus, you clod. Pull yourself together.
Birgit placed menus in front of each of them and took their drink orders.
Abigail picked up her menu. “Really, Fergus. This place is charming. Do you come here often?”
“Yes, I like their Irish stew. It’s the best on the Station.”
She closed her menu. “Then that’s what I’ll have.” 
The dinner went well, and, once over his initial fright, Fergus entertained her with tales of building the Station. Over after dinner drinks, the conversation became serious.
“This has been my dream,” he told her.
She took a sip of her sherry. “In what way?”
He took a deep breath. “That the people I’ve brought here, the people who left Earth and everything they knew, would have a new life. A fair life.” He became intense. “The unions are the key to that.”
She sat her sherry on the table. “How’s that, Fergus.”
“The unions are a bolster. They give the regular man or woman the power, in numbers, to deal with those more powerful than they are individually.”
Abigail’s eyebrows drew together, just a little. “More powerful?” she asked quietly.
“No offense, Abigail, but men like your father have a great deal of power. Power enough to crush the worker.”
She brushed imaginary crumbs from her blouse. “Crush?”
Her tone broke through to Fergus. “Not your father in particular, just in general.” 
“You don’t believe that men like my father deserve a good return on their investment?”
Fergus began to panic. This wasn’t what he meant at all. “No, no, that’s not what I mean. I just mean that the relentless pursuit of profit can crush the working man.”
Abigail stiffened in her chair. “Relentless pursuit of profit? Is that how you see me?”
In his panic, Fergus threw out his hand, knocking his sherry glass to the floor. The noise of it shattering caused the nearby diners to turn and stare. He began to blush, “No, no, not at all. I…”
She rose from her chair, her cheeks turned pink. “No need to explain, Fergus. Thank you for the…informative… evening.” She turned and strode away just as Birgit hurried up to the table.
She surveyed the broken glass on the floor and Fergus’ crestfallen face. “Oh, Mr. Boylan. What happened?”
He shook his head. “Put it all on my tab, Birgit. A nice tip for yourself too.” He got up and left the restaurant.

#

It was late but Conway had one more thing to do before he left his office for the night. He rocked back in his chair. “Eamon, I’ve got a job for you.”
His friend, Eamon, had just arrived in Conway’s office. He poured himself a cup of coffee and sat down in front of his desk. “What’s up Conway?”
“Tomorrow, Gill Caniff is going to be in the Level 4 market, holding a campaign rally.”
Eamon shrugged. “So?”
Conway drew a deep breath. A good man in a fight, he thought to himself, but it’s like dealing with a crate of pipe. “So, I want you to arrange a disturbance in the middle of it.”
The light came on for Eamon. “Oh, yeah. I get it. How big do you want this disturbance to be?”
Conway leaned forward to pick up his coffee. “I want the rally to be ended, but I don’t want anyone hurt, especially any women or children. I can’t afford that to happen. Do you hear me?”
Eamon nodded. “Bully boys with some brains. Got it. No one hurt.” He paused, a faraway gaze in his eyes. “I think I know who to get. Just a few fellas. That should do it.”
Conway smiled, but the smile didn’t reach his eyes. “Perfect.”


FOURTEEN

The next morning Abigail was in the Station gym, running as hard as she could on the treadmill. Her new friend, Sophia Haynes, ran on the treadmill beside her.
“Abigail,” Sophia tried to shout over the music Abigail had flowing through her earbuds. She waved her hands.
Abigail started then pulled out an earbud. “Did you say something?”
Sophia laughed. “Yes! I asked if you were running back to Earth? You seem so angry.”
Abigail grabbed the small towel draped over the front of the treadmill and wiped her face. “I am.” She noticed the treadmill stats. “Oh, I guess I was running pretty hard.” She hit the stop button and the track slowed to a stop.
Sophia did the same. “What happened?”
The women left the treadmills, stood in front of a wall mirror and began cool down stretching. “I told you I was meeting Fergus Boylan last night?”
Sophia, hands at her ankles, turned her head, peering up at Abigail. “You had a date last night.” She stood back up, stretching her arms over her head. “I take it the evening ended poorly?”
Abigail snorted. “That would be an understatement. He accused me of crushing the working man.” She slid one hand down her right leg to her calf and stretched her left hand over her head. 
“He did what?” 
“He said the unions are all that stand between people like me and the dock workers.” Her voice began to rise. “Apparently, I’m a soulless witch who’s only thought is for profit.”
Sophia stood up. “He did not say that.”
Moving into a lunge, Abigail replied, “He might as well have. I had to leave before I threw my sherry into his face.”
“I came on the first colony ship, Abigail. I’ve met Fergus. That doesn’t sound like something he’d say at all.”
“You don’t believe me?” Abigail glared. Just thinking about last night made her even angrier.
Sophia held her hands up. “I believe you, but it doesn’t sound like Fergus. Maybe you misunderstood him?”
Abigail stood up, popped open her bottle of water and took a drink. She thought back over the conversation, maybe I did misunderstand. Shaking her head, she closed the bottle. “I don’t know. It sure sounded like he was calling shippers soulless monsters that don’t care about anyone but themselves.”
Sophia closed her water bottle. “You should give him another chance.” She wiped her face with her towel. “Let’s sit in the sauna, you can tell me every detail.”
Abigail threw her towel over her shoulder. “Yeah, maybe that will help me sort it out."

#

In the days following her arrival on Gulliver, Aine found the friends she’d made on board the Hydra. They met in the Market, usually, and would chat over mid-morning tea before they strolled through the market looking for the evening’s supper. 
Lynn Bannon was a middle class girl and could tell the others what most of the things in the market were. Her husband, Clyde, worked at the Pillsbury Monroe plant making crystals. They lived on Level 5 which they all recognized as being a step up from living on Levels 3 and 4.  Meara Delancy and Brea Hannahan had grown up in the Irish countryside. Their husbands, Mark and Niall both worked in the hydroponic gardens. They were expert on the market produce and what to do with it.
Three months after their arrival Lynn made an announcement over their morning tea. “I’m pregnant!”
All the young women squealed with delight. “Congratulations,” Aine said after hugging her friend. 
“When are you all going to start your families?” Lynn asked, eyes beaming. “We could raise them all together, like cousins!”
“Wouldn’t that be fun?” Brea giggled. 
At dinner that night, Aine brought up the Bannon’s new baby. “It’s due next July,” Aine said as she passed him the vegetable stew. 
Dillon broke a roll open and dipped it in his stew. “Clyde’s a lucky man.” It took him a moment to realize Aine hadn’t said anything and was just stirring her stew around in the bowl. He put his spoon down. “Do you want a baby?”
Dropping her spoon, her hands fell to her lap, eyes downcast. 
He waited until she looked at him. “We waited because we didn’t know each other when we married. We promised to give each other a chance and if it didn’t work out, we could separate here.”
She nodded. “I know.” The color started to creep up into her cheeks. 
“Aine. Are you sayin’ you’re happy with me?”
Fidgeting in her chair, she gripped the edge of the table. She took a deep breath and blurted out, “Yes. I am, Dillon McCarthy. You’re a kind, gentle man. You were patient from the beginning, letting us get used to each other before moving into my bed. You work hard, don’t drink too much and I was lucky you stopped me, there in the hallway.” Having said all that, she blushed even more and twisted her hands in her lap.
Dillon sat while his thoughts raced around in his head. She likes me! Likes me enough to stay with me! Enough to have my children?  He harbored the fear in the back of his mind since they arrived on the Station that she’d leave him. This was the first time in his twenty years that he had a stable family relationship. “I,” he swallowed and reached across the table for her hand. “I love you, Aine. You’re the best thing that’s ever happened to me.” He looked into her eyes. “I’d appreciate it if you would consent to be the mother of my children.”
She burst into tears. He dropped her hand, got up and went around to her side of the table. He knelt beside her chair and hugged her with all he had, tears dripping down his face too.



FIFTEEN

The Dock Workers Union took Fergus’ advice. They formed a small committee of three to check into the request from the shippers to cut their wages. 
Because of his popularity and honesty, Brody Skerry was made the head of the committee. “I’d like to have you boyos on the committee with me,” he said over beers at their favorite bar, the Galaxy Hole on Level 3. “But how would it look, me and my cronies on the committee?”
The three of them glared at him.
“Honest, I gotta pick a couple of the guys I ain’t so friendly with. You see that, don’t ya?”
Ferris relented first, “Yeah, I guess. But I think it’s a big mistake.”
Conall Devlin wanted to know, “Who ya pickin’?”
Relieved, Brody took a drink of his beer. “Well, ‘cause I think we should get a woman’s point of view,” his friends all moaned. Over their too audible complaint, he continued, “And ‘cause she’s smart as a whip, I thought Rosa Perez.”
Edan Majar, scratched his shoulder. “Yeah, she’s smart alright; she knows the union book inside and out. She’s got a family of her own too. She’s not gonna let go of a credit easy. I guess we can live with her on the committee. Who else?”
Brody played with his glass on the bar, a little nervous about his choice. “Kobi Ojibwa.”
His three friends started yelling, “Have you lost your mind? He hates you! What are you thinking?”
Brody held his hand up. “Really, think about it. If I go in with all Irish, or all my friends, what’s the membership gonna say, huh? They’re gonna say we was bought off, that’s what.”
The three men settled down as they thought that through. Conall nodded. “Makes sense, much as I hate to say it. But, Kobi? He’d just as soon knife ya as look at ya.”
Shrugging, Brody drained his glass. “I think he can hold it together for this. I figure, if the three of us can come to a recommendation, it’s sure to pass the membership.”
Ferris shook his head. “Yea, but will you live through the process?

#

Three days later, in their cleanest coveralls, the three dockworkers met with Abigail Madison in the Shipper’s board room. The three of them entered the room tentatively, as though they were going in front of a judge. 
In a room big enough to seat 30 people, the three of them huddled together at the end of the table, as far from the door as they could get. 
Rosa inspected the room. “I expected it to be fancier.” At one point five seven meters, she was a small woman. She seemed lost in the board room chair she was sitting in. 
Next to her, Kobi Ojibwa was a giant. At a meter point eight two, his hands lay on the table like dinner plates. “This is pretty high quality plas-wood, Rosa. You won’t see anything like this on our level.
Brody chose the end seat, “High quality table and high end paneling too. No expense was spared, including these chairs.” 
He amused himself by spinning around in it. His back was to the door in a spin when he heard, “Good morning.”
Sticking his hand out, he stopped the spin facing the table but his fair skin went bright red.
“I know,” Abigail smiled. “I do that in my office when no one’s watching.” She walked down to their end of the table and stood next to Brody, across from Rosa and Kobi. She shook hands all around.
“How nice to meet you all.” She sat down and put her pad on the table. “The board appreciates the serious consideration by the Dock Worker Union of our proposal. What do you want to know?”
The three workers had met a few days ago with the Union Treasurer and Gilby McAllen to hash out what information they wanted. Brody took a mini-pad out of his chest pocket. He tapped a few keys and said, “We’d like to see the shippers' financials.”
The meeting lasted two hours. The union wanted proof that the shippers were suffering losses. Abigail had been charged by the board to convince the committee to agree with the wage reduction without divulging too much information. It was a tug of war.
They all shook hands at the end of the meeting. “Thank you for the information, Ms. Madison.” The three of them had refused to call her Abigail.
“I appreciate the chance to talk to you,” Abigail said. “I hope we can reach a mutually beneficial understanding.”
She walked with them to the boardroom door.
“The union office will let you know the decision,” Brody said as they turned to leave.
“Thank you, all.” Abigail tucked her pad under her arm. 
Back on the docks, out of the range of shipper’s microphones, Kobi broke the silence. “We asked the right questions, but what if they cooked the books?”
Rosa was walking between them. “We need to find out if they showed us the real figures or not.”
“Let’s take this back to Gilby. He may know somebody who can find out,” Brody said. 
They all nodded.

#

That night Gill Caniff had his first public campaign event. Fergus was getting ready to go and was nervous. It was alright to talk to a room full of workers about the next stage of construction, but this felt different. It was the very first public campaign event for the station and for these people. He figured that if this went well, there was a chance the people of the station understood their new environment. He wanted this to go perfectly.
 He studied his reflection in his bathroom mirror and tried to comb his unruly hair down. He slapped the comb on the side of the sink. It just wasn’t worth the aggravation.
Taking the elevator from his apartment on Level 5 he rode down to the market on Level 4 where Gill’s campaign rally was to be held. He was pleased with the number of candidates for Station Manager, four of them. All of them had some management background, so that was a plus. He had hoped the new residents would step up to civic responsibility. So far, it was working out.
He got off the elevator at Quadrant A, Main Concourse B. The noise level was already high. Balloons in every color imaginable were printed with Gill Caniff for Station Manager and seemed to be held by every child in the place. 
Because many of the residents on this level were working class, he was greeted from all sides. Wives came up to him every few feet to thank him for giving them the chance to come to Gulliver Station. 
Several people asked why he wasn’t running. He’d thought about it, before he decided to back Gill. He would have had a good chance at winning because people already knew him. It would have been the right platform to make sure his hopes for the Station and its residents were fulfilled. He shook his head, it just wasn’t the kind of thing he wanted to do with his life. It had to be enough for him that people had a chance to choose for themselves.
As he progressed along the market corridor, men slapped him on the back and offered him a beer. Women tried to press baked goods into his hands. He kept the first one and was able to refuse the rest claiming his hands were already full.
It took forty minutes to reach the platform that had been erected for Gill’s speech. Gill was around the back of it. 
“Gill! Glad to find you!” Fergus handed the bag of cookies off to a child wandering by.
Gill clapped him on the back. He wiped his face, “I hate getting up on a platform and speaking,” he confided. “I’m hell on rockets when I’m one on one, but the whole public speaking thing gives me the shakes.”
“Me too, so no help from me there.” Fergus studied the room. He recognized most of Gill’s campaign workers. “Any trouble so far?”
“No,” he shook his head. “Station Security has posted four officers in the area. But they told me they don’t expect any trouble tonight.”
Fergus nodded. “I’m glad. I’m going out into the crowd, so I can hear what they’re saying. That alright with you?”
“Sure, we can get together for a beer tomorrow and talk about what you heard.”
Fergus clapped him on the arm and went back out into the crowd. He meandered about halfway down the concourse. He wasn’t worried about being able to hear. The concourse had been wired with the best in public entertainment systems. Monitors would broadcast Gill’s image at various places along the concourse. Speakers would provide high quality sound. 
Soon the music stopped and a campaign worker for Gill walked to the front of the stage.
“Ladies and Gentlemen.” 
Hoots arose from the crowd, eager to join in the first campaign rally in Station history. 
“We’re excited to bring you what we think is the best choice for the first Station Manager of Gulliver Station!”
Gill stepped up onto the stage and the crowd roared. He held up his hands for quiet but he might as well have been waving them on. Fergus could hear a man talking to his wife behind him. “I thought the whole thing was a scam. Damn if they aren’t actually goin’ ahead and really doin’ it.”
Fergus nodded to himself. These people were so cynical and jaded about government and elections. Rightfully so, back on Earth. He hoped this would turn them around.
Gill began speaking, the sound system broadcasting his words beautifully. His lack of a polished speech was noted by the crowd. “He talks like a regular guy,” one man jabbed his friend with his elbow. “This might be the real deal.”
The monitor to Fergus’ right had a small time stamp in the lower right corner. The speech was to last about thirty minutes, they were sixteen into it when Fergus heard a commotion behind him.
There was a woman’s shriek, then the sound of several women screaming. A wave of running men, escorting wives and children, came at him. He forced his way through them to the source of the commotion. Several men were fighting. Fergus caught one as he fell back into his arms after a roundhouse to the face. Fergus could smell the beer on the man.
He pushed him up and the man staggered back into the fray. There were two Station Security officers there, trying to stop the fight. The two who had been stationed at the speaker's platform arrived immediately after Fergus. Between the four officers, they separated the fighters, using their stunners on them where necessary.
He introduced himself to the Security officer standing over several of the stunned fighters on the floor. “Fergus Boylan, Interim Station Manager.”
The guard lifted her visor. “I know you, Mr. Boylan. What can I do for you?”
“What happened?”
“I don’t know, Sir. I was up at the stage. But apparently some men who had too much to drink began harassing the crowd here at the back of the rally. Some of the gentlemen in the crowd were offended, especially because there were women and children present.”
“Thank you, Officer. Have your Sergeant report to Chief Gass. He’ll brief me in the morning.”
“Yes, Sir.” She lowered her visor again.
Fergus glanced back to the stage, most of the crowd had left but Gill was gamely finishing his speech. He sighed. Residents could see the whole thing on the monitors whenever they wanted but he really had wanted this to turn out well. What a waste.


SIXTEEN

“Ms. Madison, the auditor is here to see you.”
“Thanks, Ria, send him in.” Abigail made a final note on her pad as her office door opened. Her assistant held the door while a middle-aged man passed into the office. 
“Please, have a seat, Mr. Saliba. Ria, would you get us some tea?”
“Yes, Ms. Madison.” Ria said as she closed the door.
Gamal Saliba was a trim middle-age, Abigail thought as he neared her desk. His salt and pepper hair and goatee were neatly trimmed and his suit seemed to be made of the finest brocade. She stood up and reached across the desk to shake hands. “Thank you for coming, Mr. Saliba.”
“My pleasure, Ms. Madison.” He sat in one of the glass chairs, made more comfortable with cushions made of plas-leather, in a shade of brown that went with the woodland environment Abigail had designed for the room. “How is your father?”
“He’s quite well, thank you for asking. Your family?”
He smiled, “Quite well. My youngest boy is a fanatic for gymnastics lately.”
Abigail tugged her tunic into place and made herself comfortable. The door opened. “Ah, here’s the tea.” 
Ria carried a tea tray into the room and sat it on the desk. “Thank you, Ria. I’ll pour.” Ria nodded and left the room.
Abigail rose and moved to the tray. “Milk, sugar?” she asked as she poured tea from a porcelain teapot into a matching cup. 
“Nothing, thank you. I like the bitterness of the black tea.”
She put the cup on a saucer and handed it to him. “That’s the way I like it too. We have some lovely cookies today. The bakery on Level 4 makes them.”
“No, thank you. The tea is a wonderful idea. I appreciate the civility.” He took a sip. “Hmm, wonderful. A nice interlude in the business day.”
Abigail took her cup and saucer and a couple of tiny cookies to her chair. “The hydroponics people are trying to grow tea. It’ll be a long while though before any is ready to try. I import this tea from Pica. I’ve loved it since I was a teenager.”
“A delicate aroma, to be sure,” Gamal Saliba enjoyed his last swallow and put the cup on her desk next to the tray.
Abigail ate her last cookie and washed it down with the tea. Sliding the cup to the side, she brushed a few crumbs toward the cup. “I love the cookies but they do crumble.”
“So, Ms. Madison, to business, shall we?”
He pulled his pad out of his pocket and tapped some keys. “You should have the report on your pad now.” He waited while she opened the file.
“The cover letter says it all. You do have missing cargo, but it was just misplaced, not stolen. If you look on page four of the report, you can see we completed a thorough inventory. Many items were logged as being in one location when they were in another location.”
Abigail was scanning through the report. “I see you’ve put all of the cargo in its appropriate locations.”
“Yes, it was simple enough once we found it all.” 
She stopped on the last page and glanced up. “You’ve made some recommendations.” 
Mr. Saliba nodded. “It is our opinion that Mr. Trang is ill- equipped to be your warehouse manager. We recommend you hire a new one.”
“You don’t recommend he be fired?” Abigail put down her pad. 
“Of course that is your prerogative, but the man simply didn’t have the training required to be a manager for such a large operation as this has become.”
“I see.” She sighed. Now I’m going to have to go down there and either demote him or fire him. The first could be worse than the last. His pride could be shattered. “Thank you for your time, Mr. Salibar.” She stood up. “I’ll take the recommendations to my Father.”
He stood and put his pad in his pocket. “The firm appreciates your business, Ms. Madison, as always.”
Abigail walked him to the door. “We always get the best service from you, Mr. Salibar. Thank you for such quick work.”
They shook hands. “At you and your father’s service, Ms. Madison.”
He took his leave and Abigail went back to her desk. She poured another cup of tea and took another cookie. Kicking her shoes off, she tucked her feet up under her as she sat in her chair. Ria came in. 
“Done with the tea?”
“Have a cup, Ria, and sit with me a minute.” 
Ria dashed out to her desk and brought back her mug. She poured tea into it, took two cookies, and curled up in the chair Mr. Saliba vacated. 
Abigail munched on the cookie, crumbs falling into her lap unnoticed. “I have to do something about Mr. Trang,” she said before she took a sip of her tea. 
“Can’t you just counsel him, like you did the HR clerk?”
Shaking her head, Abigail said, “No. It’s not the same thing. If I fire him, who’s going to hire him? He must be sixty, and he’s disabled enough that he can’t be a dockworker any more. If I demote him, well, how would he deal with that? It could crush him emotionally. I’d go to Dad but he’d just arch those bushy eyebrows at me and say, “That’s what it means to be the boss, honey.” She finished her tea.
“Either way, you have to have a new warehouse manager, right?” Ria finished her tea also.
Abigail sighed. “Yes. I’ve already had HR,” she peeked quickly at Ria, “not the one I just disciplined,” and they both laughed, “send for one of our managers from Pica. He’ll be here tomorrow.”
“What will you do about Mr. Trang?” Ria got up and put her cup on the tray, then got Abigail’s cup and did the same.
“I have to talk to the new manager, Brenton Osorio. Then I’ll know what to do.” She gave a big sigh. “Have a meeting scheduled for the warehouse staff, in the warehouse for 1000 day after tomorrow. Brenton and I will be there and make some decisions.”

#

At 1000 the three warehouse employees were standing in front of the office window. “I tell you, she’s tough.” Miles Trang told his crew. Bill and Nigella were listening. 
“She’s a rich, society girl, can’t be more’n 27,” Bill whispered. “How tough can she be?”
Miles peered at the main door then quickly back to his crew. “I’ve seen duller laser drills. She was lookin’ at me like she’d drill my heart right out of my chest.” He nodded. “You weren’t there.”
Nigella shrugged. “We didn’t do nothin’ wrong. I heard those auditors. Nothing was stolen, just put in the wrong place.” Her face showed worry. "In my experience, vindictive bosses, and boss’s daughters in particular, are nothin' to get involved with. Since nothin’ is gone, maybe we won’t be fired.”
The two men shrugged. Just then the main door opened. The three warehouse workers tried to straighten up as Abigail and a stranger came toward them. 
Abigail stopped short of the group. “Mr. Trang, we’d like to see you in the office please.” She opened the door and went in, followed by the stranger and Miles. Bill and Nigella stared after the group.
In the office, Abigail held the door open. While the two men came in she examined the office. It had been cleaned, the desk was bare, the top polished. The floor had been swept and mopped and the walls washed of the dirty fingerprints. She closed the door.
They stood in the middle of the room. “Mr. Trang, meet Brenton Osorio. He’s one of my warehouse managers from Pica. First of all I’d like to say, you did an excellent job cleaning up this office. I appreciate that.”
Miles nodded. His shoulders were already drooping.
“Next, let me tell you straight out, I was sorely tempted to fire you.”
His head began to hang. I’ve got to hurry this up or he’s going to cry again. “I changed my mind though when I received the report that nothing had actually been stolen.” She watched him brighten up a little.
“Mr. Osorio arrived yesterday. I’ve spoken with him about the situation and he believes that you should be kept on, but as a warehouse worker, not the boss. Can you live with that?”
Miles glanced between the two of them; first confusion, then understanding, then happiness flew across his face in rapid succession. “Yes, Miss. Yes, Sir. I appreciate that. Yes.” He reached out and grabbed their hands to shake. “Thank you, Miss.”
She breathed a sigh of relief. “Alright, let’s go out and tell the rest of the crew.
They left the office and introduced the new warehouse manager to Bill and Nigella. Osorio stepped out of the warehouse to speak with Abigail when she left. Miles, Bill and Nigella whispered together while waiting for him to come back with instructions. 
“I tell you, I thought I was fired. But that Ms. Madison, she’s a peach.” He beamed at them, “Even complimented me on the clean office.”
“You shoulda had that office clean before. I told you it was a pig sty.” Nigella poked him in the arm. 
He ruffled. “Even so, she coulda fired me. But she didn’t.” He stuck his chin up in the air. “That makes her alright in my book.”
“You old coot.” Bill broke in. “You’re just glad you still gotta job.”
“I am, that,” he said as the warehouse door opened. “Who woulda hired me, all old and broken down, huh?”
Brenton Osoria reached the group. “Alright," he clapped his hands and rubbed them together. "Let’s talk about how to run a warehouse, shall we?”



SEVENTEEN

“Check monitor 4AB50. Something must show there.”
Fergus walked into Station Security Control to find Chief Gass leaning over one of his techs, staring at a monitor at the woman’s station. “How’s it going?”
Gass ran his hand over his brush-cut blonde hair. “Not well. We’ve checked the record on every monitor in the area. Nothing’s conclusive. We even checked the first B Quadrant monitors. Just people moving from the market into B and from B into the market. Nothing unusual.”
The tech spun her chair around and spoke up, “Maybe it was just some drunk guys. Happens all the time.”
“What’s your name?” Fergus shook his head.
“Marta, Marta Helt.”
“It’s too convenient. Just when I want to show how life on the Station can be, it goes south.” He paused, a new thought popped into his mind. “I also wonder if it’s because Gill is the candidate I’m backing.” Fergus could see the tech’s eyebrows go up. She thinks I’m being paranoid. 
Gass broke in. “No, there are factions on this Station who would like nothing better than to recreate the mess they left behind on Earth, with themselves in charge. No, I don’t think it was a coincidence.”
“Why would they want to recreate that mess?” Her voice rose, eyes wide; the tech's eyes went from Gass to Fergus. 
Fergus sighed. “Because,” he explained to the woman. She was one of the specialists Gass brought from Fullo. Fergus knew he had to explain the situation. “They only know greed and power. You get power by being greedy; grabbing all you can as fast as you can and devil take the hindmost. To them, you’re either strong or you’re the chump at the bottom, fit only to be preyed on.”
Her amazement at such a social dynamic was plain on her face. “How…”
Gass interrupted her. “How can they live like that?” He ran his hand over his bristle again. “Because that is all they know, and for most of them, they haven’t even had six months here on the Station learning the new way, so they revert to their old way of doing things.”
Fergus motioned Gass away from the tech. She turned back to her monitor. Once away from her, in the center of the room, he asked in a low voice, “Do you have any informants? Was anyone in the area who might have heard anything?”
Gass glared at Fergus, his jaw working under his skin. Fergus held his ground, staring back. “I might have. Some. But none were there.”
“Would they be able to hear about anything now, after the fact?”
Moving to parade rest, hands behind his back, Gass’ focus went soft, staring off at the far bulkhead. He shook his head. “No, I suspect it was done with just a couple of men, three at the most. They would be trusted. They won’t brag about it in their favorite bar.”
“Pity, it might have led us to whoever is trying to set up their crime organization before it gets too big.”
Gass nodded. “It would be good to nip that in the bud; a show of force and a disincentive to the next one to try.”
“Have your people keep an ear out anyway. They might turn up something.”
Nodding, Gass turned to go back to his office. Fergus sighed, glancing around the still half-finished control center. He’d try and get the rest of the monitors up around the Station and the control room finished faster. He began tapping notes into his pad as he left.

#

The tech glanced around the control room behind her to make sure that her bosses had left the room. She pulled out her personal communicator and hit a button.
“Hello?”
“It’s done,” Marta said in a low voice.
“Good job. There’ll be credits at The Blue Moon waiting for you.”
Marta cut the call. A few more of these little jobs and she’d be able to send her son to a better university.

#

Darcy Pyke called her contact after Marta clicked off. “It’s done.”
Neither of the women knew who had asked for the monitor feed to be tampered with, nor did they care. But later that evening, Nola Guinn, the leader of the Administrative Workers Union, rolled away from Conway Gillespie. The sheets were tangled around them; she had to pull a corner of it from under her to use it.
She snuggled into his shoulder, flinging her black hair away from her face so it spread over his arm. “The monitor feed was taken care of.”
He stroked her hair, eyes closed, satisfied with the evening’s exercise, “Good. Very good.”

#

The buffet was beautiful. As the guest of honor, Abigail led the way along the table. She stuck to the lighter fare, picking and choosing from the vegetables and salads. Many more of these buffets and I’ll be as big as a house. 
She moved to a high table where she put her plate down and unwrapped her cutlery. The Director of Education, Keisha Hamad, set her plate beside hers. 
“Lovely buffet, Director.”
“Thank you. It’s a treat for the teachers as well. It’s been a lot of work to set up an entire educational system, from kindergarten through college in such a short time. We made today a half day so they could all enjoy it.”
A waiter came around with glasses of water, setting them in front of each woman.
“The tour was very enlightening.” Abigail speared a bit of lettuce. She’d enjoyed her tour through the classrooms. But the level of education the children had was deplorable. 
“I’m concerned about the stage of development the children are exhibiting.”
The director grimaced. “Yes, many of the children arrived without any formal education at all. We had to start with teaching classroom behavior.” She brightened, “But they’re all intelligent, and they’ll be moving into their rightful educational levels soon.”
Abigail put her fork down, a little frown on her face. “Oh. I made the assumption that they were already in their appropriate educational groups.”
“Unfortunately not.” Keisha took a sip of her water. “We’ve had to group them by age, at least at this stage of Station settlement. As we move through the initial programs though, we’ll be promoting them into their appropriate educational group.”
Abigail nodded, somewhat reassured. The shippers each paid a percentage of their Station net worth to fund the educational program as every business on the Station did. But the lions' share of the funding came from them. It was necessary that they get well educated workers out the other end of the programs. She had been sent by the board to investigate what had been done to date and report back to them on their investment. 
But her interest was more personal. She'd loved learning as a child and was disappointed that much of her early education had been one-on-one with tutors. She wanted the Station educational system to be fun for the students as well as productive for the shippers. 
“I loved the classroom demonstrations,” she told the director. 
In one classroom a little girl with rich mahogany-colored skin came to Abigail to give her a handmade paper flower. “Would you like to hear our poem?” she asked in a wispy little voice.
Abigail gently took the flower from her hand. “What’s your name?”
“Amanda,” she said softly, her eyes on the floor.
“And what’s the name of the poem?”
“A New Start.” She scuffed the toe of her shoe on the light green plas-carpet. 
“I’d love to hear it, Amanda.”
With a glance at the classroom teacher, the little girl hurried back to the front of the room and found her place beside her classmates. The group went on to recite their poem, some lines in unison and some lines spoken by individual students. 
Abigail smiled broadly and clapped enthusiastically at the end. “How wonderful!” She stood and shook hands with each child, congratulating them on their performance. 
“And in each classroom it was something totally different. Did you plan that?”
Keisha smiled, “No, no plan of mine. The children in each class decided what they wanted to do. I enjoyed it too. It’s very satisfying to take children who've had no formal education and see them progress so quickly to working together and learning so much.”
Abigail grinned. “I can see how that would be fulfilling. I want to congratulate you and the teachers on such a wonderful beginning. I was completely enchanted.”
Keisha beamed. “I appreciate the compliments. I’ll certainly pass them along to the teachers.”

#

After the buffet, she went to her father’s office to tell him about her morning.
She was sitting in the winged plas-leather chair in front of his desk. She liked the way he had decorated the office. It was light and decorated nearly the way his office on Pica, their old home, was decorated. An ocean world, the majority of the settled land was islands. The architecture and design of most buildings, business, government or residential ran to beach themes. He’d brought that feel with him. 
“They were so darling, Dad.”
He nodded, “I’m glad you enjoyed the tour, Abigail. How are they doing academically?”
Taking a deep breath, she shrugged. “It’s too early to tell, really. Most of them arrived with no formal education. The educators had to start with basic how to behave in a classroom lessons. But, there’s a great deal of potential there. I could see it in their demonstrations and the posted class work.”
Arthur relaxed back into his chair. “Well, have your assistant schedule another tour in six months. Check their progress. We need to be sure we’ll get trained workers out of the system.”
She nodded and rose to leave. 
“Write up a report for the whole board, would you?”
“Sure, Dad. I’ll get it out tomorrow.”
Walking out of his office, she was a little saddened. She understood the need to get their return on investment; she just wished the board would see the joy the kids could get out of it too.


EIGHTEEN

Darby stopped by Conway’s office just before 1700 hours. Conway was on the communicator, talking, so motioned Darby to a chair. 
“Look, I’ll get with you in a couple of days, sound good?” He tapped a note on his pad. “Great, see you then.” He put the communicator down. 
Darby stopped studying the bulkhead. “Anything you need help with?”
“I’m working the dockworker wage reduction. You’re already doing all you can, it’s not like you’re a dockworker.” Conway already had Darby and Eamon and Nola spreading the word through their unions. Little tales designed to make it seem like the dock workers were being greedy. That the dockworkers weren’t working for the greater Station good. 
Now it seemed as though the dockworkers were inspecting the shippers' books. His contact in the shippers' offices was seeing activity on the computer systems aimed at the financials. Conway needed her to keep the hacker spy away from the real books. He’d meet her in a couple of days to finalize the deal. 
“You have something, Darby?”
“Uh, yeah,” he sat forward, elbows on knees. “You remember the two kids hitting up the stall owners for credits?”
Conway nodded.
“We found ‘em. How you want us to handle it?”
Conway rubbed at an eye. He had to get ready to go to the Candidates Ball this evening. “I don’t want them to know me.” He thought a minute. “I don’t want them to know you either. Do you have someone you trust to convince these boyo’s to work for me? They’d answer to your guy. He’ll report to you.”
Darby nodded. “Sure, no sweat.”
“We’ll see how they do before they get any information on our organization.”
“So, my guy convinces them to work for him, doin’ what they’re already doin’. They don’t know about me or you.” He shrugged. “Why would they work for us, gettin’ only part of the cut instead of all of it?”
Conway smiled. “Because if they don’t, it’ll end badly for them.”
#
In Abigail's apartment on Level 7, she’d studied her reflection in the mirror. She pulled a few tendrils of hair out of her chignon to wisp around her face and put on a bracelet to match the choker. Abigail’d had a hard time deciding which dress to wear. It was a campaign event, but also a first date with Conway. Their previous dinner, as lovely as it was, was a business meeting. She wanted to try it when business wasn't the primary topic of conversation.
 Laying her final two choices out on her bed, she studied them. The green dress was elegant, but the color seemed like a slap in the face of the Irish on board. Too expected. She decided on the brown. A close fitting bodice ended in a flared skirt. The color matched her eyes perfectly. 
Abigail arrived at the Galaxy Lounge at 1930 hours. The campaign event began half an hour ago. She was looking forward to speaking to each of the candidates. Standing in the entryway, she gazed across the crowd. Everyone seemed to be mingling. Music flowing over the entertainment system was relaxing, unobtrusive. The draperies she remembered from her welcome ball were slowly changing color in synchronization with the music. Very clever.
She centered the diamond choker on her neck and moved into the ballroom. I wonder which one I'll like best.
“Abigail, you are stunning this evening.”
She tilted her head up as he gave her a kiss on the cheek. “Thank-you. You're very handsome this evening, too, Conway.”
He offered her his arm and asked, “Shall we get a drink?”
“Certainly.”
They wandered slowly through the crowd, Conway greeted several people. A waiter passed with glasses of champagne. They each took one. 
“Here’s to a wonderful evening,” he toasted to her.
“To a wonderful evening,” she held up her glass. After a sip, she asked, “Are any of the candidates to your liking?”
He took another sip, eyes scanning the room. “I don’t know yet. It’s too soon to tell. I like to listen to all of them speak before I make up my mind.”
“Fair enough. Do you know any of them?”
“No, not personally. One fellow, Gill Caniff, just arrived on the Station. Ship before yours. The others, just by reputation.”
They moved through the crowd, Conway introduced her to people he knew. They came upon Liam McFarlan in a circle of supporters. 
“Liam,” Conway called out as they arrived at the group.
A broad smile stretched across Liam’s face. “Excuse me everyone, someone I need to talk to.”
He took a few steps and arrived at Conway’s side. The two men shook hands. “Conway, nice to see you.” He glanced at Abigail.
“Abigail, this is Liam McFarlan, one of the candidates.”
She held out her hand, he bent over it, lightly kissing the back of her hand.
“Charmed, Miss Abigail. Conway, I didn’t know you had such a beautiful wife!”
Abigail started, a blush creeping up her neck.
“Oh no, Liam. This is Abigail Madison, from Madison Shipping. She’s done me the honor of accompanying me this evening.”
Liam bowed. “My apologies, Miss Madison.”
She tried to be gracious. “Accepted, Mr. McFarlan.”
“Please, I’m Liam to my friends.”
Bowing her head she relented. “Liam.”
Trying to divert attention away from herself she asked, “Have you spoken to many supporters this evening, Liam?”
He shrugged, “A few. I’d rather talk to people who are undecided.” He winked. “Sway them to my side.”
She smiled, but there was something about this man she didn’t like, she just couldn’t put a finger on it.
Conway saved her. “We just wanted to say hello, Liam. We’ll let you get back to talking to people.”
Liam bowed to Abigail. “So nice to meet you, Miss Madison.”
She tucked her arm into Conway’s. “Nice to meet you too, Liam.”
They turned away and moved into the crowd. “Have you made up your mind about which candidate would make the best Station Manager?” Conway asked.
“I’m getting closer,” she frowned. It’s not him, that’s for sure.
They were picking up fresh flutes of champagne when Abigail realized she knew the person next to her.
Her heart skipped a beat. “Fergus.” 
He stared at her companion, face made of stone. “Abigail. Conway.”
“Oh,” she felt like a fool. “Of course you know each other.”
“Champagne, Fergus?” Conway handed him a glass. “Getting to know the candidates better?”
Fergus shook his head, so Conway handed it to Abigail. “I’m getting to know some things,” he said, staring straight at Abigail. 
She felt an immediate flush of anger. He has a lot of nerve, after what he said over dinner. “You know all the candidates then, Fergus?”
He nodded. “I know who can be trusted and who can’t.”
“Really. That’s quite a skill, being all-knowing.”
She saw him begin to flush. “We haven’t spoken to all of the candidates yet, Conway.”
He took her arm. “Yes, then, we should get going. Nice seeing you, Fergus.”
As they turned away, Abigail saw Fergus run his hand through his hair.

NINETEEN

Eamon Lenox sat in the small café in the Level 3 market. The punks, Gus and Lewis, who’d been free-lancing an extortion racket among the Level 3 and 4 market stalls were sitting across the table from Billy O'Reilly. Eamon was in the next row over, two tables away. Close enough to hear what they were saying but far enough away to eliminate suspicion. 
Eamon had met Billy O’Reilly in the training classes when they arrived on Gulliver Station. Eamon pulled him into the Sanitation crew with him and called on him, occasionally, when he had an assignment from Conway.
Eamon told Billy the set up before they arrived in the café. "They have to report to you. They don't know me, at all. Understand?"
"Sure, Eamon." 
Gus and Lewis glared at Billy. “We don’t know you.” Gus snarled. “You could be some Station narc.”
Glaring across the table, Billy lowered his voice. “You trust me, you’ll work the protection racket the way I says. You’ll get your taste when the money starts comin’ in.”
Billy sat quite still, at one point eight two meters and a scar across his face, he appeared formidable. The fact that he got the scar when his father knocked him across their living room when he was a boy wasn’t something he had to share with these two losers. 
“If you got a problem, you come to me. If you got a question, you come to me. If you don't come to me, I’ll knife you myself. Nobody’ll ever find the body. Trust me.”
“Any questions?” 	
The two boys made a weak attempt to stare Eamon down but at eighteen and nineteen, they were years shy of enough experience for that. They gave slight nods. 
“Good. You boyos stick with us. You’ll make more money and stay out of Station Security’s interrogation rooms that way.”
They nodded again. “Get out of here. I'll contact ya.”
The boys slid out of their chairs and hustled out of the market. 
Eamon waited until they were gone and then joined Billy. A waitress came over. “Get ya anything, boys?”
“Coffee, please,” Eamon said.
“Me too,” Billy followed.
When she left, Billy said, “I don’t know nuthin' about setting up a protection racket.”
Eamon laughed. “That’s alright, I do. Here’s how it goes…”

TWENTY

A week after the Candidates Ball, Fergus and Jerrell Gass went into the Station Security conference room. The stall owners he’d met before, Shaila Ram, Neil Baldwin and Tighe Wynne were in attendance as well as three other restaurateurs and shop owners. Catherine Hess ran The Glory Hole, a bar and restaurant on Level 3. Gulliver Fashion was owned by Giovanni Lucci and the Star Spa was owned by Stella Bjorn. When they entered the room, every eye was on Fergus and Gass, and every face was stone cold.
Shaila Ram shook her finger at him before he could sit down. “You promised us weeks ago that you would catch the hoodlums who beat me for protection money. Now, look, they’re back and they have friends.” She glared and crossed her arms across her chest.
“Very true, Mrs. Ram. I did promise that. Let’s let Security Chief Gass explain.”
The shop owners were less than happy but they said nothing when Chief Gass stood at the front of the room. He clicked a few keys on his pad and the room lights dimmed and pictures appeared on the end wall.
The owners watched as they saw recordings of the security camera feed. “Miss Bjorn, we’ll start with your shop. The monitors show three men leaving your spa at the time you reported the extortion.”
The group watched the video as the men left, immediately separating. “That doesn’t show their faces! What good is that vid?” She slapped the table in her frustration.
“True, Ms. Bjorn. Please bear with me.”
The next shot cut to the front of the Gulliver Fashion shop. “You can see, three men, dressed in the same clothing as had been seen coming out of Star Spa, are seen going into Mr. Lucci’s shop,” he narrated as the video progressed. A few minutes later, they came out, again separating immediately.
“Then, they headed for the market stalls.” The video showed the same men taking something from each of Shaila Ram, Neil Baldwin and Tighe Wynne.
“Then they go down to Level 3 where we have video.” It showed the same men going into The Glory Hole. “Mrs. Hess, they hit not only you, but several other bars and restaurants on your level too.”  
He clicked off the video and brought up the lights. “You can see what we have. Video of three men, presumably the same men each time because they have on the same clothing, at the time you all reported being assaulted and forced to pay protection. You also can see that they hid their faces.”  He studied each of them. “We have no vid and you have no descriptions, the men all wore masks.”
Fergus saw each owner slump back in their chair. 
“We want to catch these guys. It appears they’ve organized themselves and are being much more methodical. They’re a bigger threat to the Station now than they were a few weeks ago.”
Fergus stood up. “We believe the crew shaking you down is now working for someone higher up. It’s not just random thievery now; guys looking to score a few quick credits. Now it’s organized crime.”
Poor buggers, he thought to himself as he saw each of them draw back at the phrase 'organized crime.' “I can see you know what that means. It’s what I promised we would leave behind. Unfortunately, one of your fellow colonists has decided they don’t want to leave that life behind. They’re taking this opportunity to build a new crime organization.”
Lucci swore under his breath. “What can be done? We want to build new, a safe place to live.” The others nodded their heads.
Fergus shook his head. “We’re doing everything we can. Chief?”
Gass stepped away from the wall and to the table. “We’re installing more security cameras. We’ve hired a few people to be undercover - walking around the markets and shops, to try and see who’s doing the extortion. We suspect your shops will be hit on a schedule and we have your last complaint to identify the day and time.” He stared into the eyes of each owner. “We want this to stop before it gets too big. So please bear with us. We have specially marked credits for you to give them the next time they come to your shop. We’ll be able to trace them.”
“How long is this going to take?” Tighe Wynne asked, glancing first at the Chief, and then the other owners at the table. “You aren’t going to be giving us the credits forever.”
“True,” Fergus agreed. “But we hope to catch them within two of their cycles. Whatever the cycle is; one week, one month, whatever.”
He waited while that information digested. “Any other questions?”
The worry was plain on their faces as they observed each other for some sort of assurance. 
“Thank you ladies and gentlemen for agreeing to meet with us today,” Fergus said as they left.
Gass shut the door behind them as the last one left. “It isn’t going to work you know.”
Fegus sighed. “I know. They’ll take the credits and they’ll be laundered. Before we can track them to a headquarters or a boss, they’ll be all over the Station.”
“That they will, Fergus. That they will.”
#
“Conway Gillespie is a union man. He’s not going to go against his bread and butter.” Faraz Nadar shouted from the end of the table. “We can’t wait for him to get the dock workers to agree to a wage reduction.”
Steepling his fingers and in a soft voice, Genko Fujimori reminded them, “But we gave our word that he had until the elections to get the dock workers to agree.”
“Word? What good is that?” Kyler Borman leaned across the table. “He doesn’t believe in a man’s word any more than we do. We need to forget about reducing the dock worker’s wages and work on getting their union disbanded.”
Genko glared across the table at Kyler. He folded his forearms across each other. 
Arthur Madison knew a bit about Genko that Kyler Borman might not know or didn’t seem to care about. Genko considered himself a gentleman, manners, polite behavior and especially a man's word, were held in high esteem. He didn't take insults lightly. He had on more than one occasion slit the throat of men who had insulted him. He stood quickly, distracting Genko for a moment. “Gentlemen, regardless of our feelings about the unions, there’s not much we can do about it at the moment.”
Kyler snorted. “Of course there is. I invited a representative from Consolidated Management Consulting, Ms. Olena Spivak, to come visit us today.”
Zafer Heglund grew tight lipped. “Who is Consolidated Management Consulting?”
“They specialize in management issues of the sort we are discussing. This company can get the unions off of Gulliver Station.” 
Arthur felt his blood pressure rising. He kept his voice low. “So you invited their representative here without consulting with the rest of us?” 
Kyler’s smug look of satisfaction receded a little. “If you don’t want to talk to her, I’ll pay her fare back to Proxima.” He shrugged. “Or we can hear what she has to say about what her company can do.”
He rocked back in his chair, as if he didn’t care but Arthur saw the trickle of sweat at his temple. Genko hadn’t taken his eyes off of Kyler since the insult either.
Arthur drew in a deep breath. He hoped to salvage something from this emotional mess. “Since she’s here, I propose we hear what she has to say.”
Each of the men gave a curt nod. “Genko? Your thoughts?”
Genko continued to stare at Kyler. “Information is power, Arthur. Let us hear what the woman has to say.”
“Good.” Arthur punched some keys on his pad. “Miss Lin, please show Ms. Spivak into the boardroom.”
He folded his hands on the table. The others were pecking at their pads. Kyler and Genko were still locked in a war of stares.
Soon the door opened and a woman of about thirty-five entered the room. Slim, with black hair in a bun at the back of her head, her slate blue eyes surveyed the room before she walked over to Arthur and shook his hand. “Olena Spivak, Consolidated Management Consulting.”
“Ms. Spivak, I’m Arthur Madison. Welcome to Gulliver Station. Why don’t you have a seat at the end of the table there.”
She walked to the spot but didn’t take a seat. “Gentlemen,” she made a little bow to Kyler, “Mr. Borman. Thank you for inviting me to talk a little bit about what my company can do for you.”
She started with a little history of the company and how it had been instrumental in the dissolution of unions on Proxima. “I believe, gentlemen, that as a new Station you’d like to start things off right. We can help with that.”
“How do you get rid of the unions, Ms. Spivak?”
She smiled. “We use a number of techniques, some of them simple common sense management moves, like paying the members significantly higher wages if they don’t join the union. However, several of our techniques are… proprietary, if you will.”
“You mean illegal?” John Waters stared at Kyler when he said it.
“That would be against the charter of universal rights.” 
Arthur noticed she didn’t smile when she said it.
She went on. "We specialize in these long term management operations. Marketing, gentlemen, is one of the best methods we use to convince your union membership, and the population at large, that unions are unnecessary."
Genko, still glaring at Kyler, said, "I understand the conditions for the average worker on Proxima have declined from the universal norm since the unions were broken."
Olena sniffed. "The businesses on Proxima are maximizing their profit and minimizing their labor costs. I believe that is the goal of your board."
John Waters asked, "What's the cost for this assistance?"
She smiled. Arthur thought the smile cold and feral. "That would depend on which of our many services you engage. However, I'm sure you will receive a significant return on your investment."
“Ms. Spivak, I believe the board needs to discuss this before we make our final decision.” Arthur stood. “Thank you for your briefing. Ms. Lin will take your information so we can contact you.”
She walked to Arthur and shook his hand. “Thank you for thinking of Consolidated Management Consulting.”
After she left, he asked the board, “What do you think?”
Kyler was first to comment. “I think we should avail ourselves of their services. Without the unions, we would be able to increase our shipping without limit.”
“You mean we can work those men to death and pay them nothing,” Zafer Heglund growled.
“And what of it, Zafer?” Anthony Spiro said from his seat at the opposite end of the table. “What do we care? As long as the bottom line is taken care of, I don’t care what they earn or don’t earn or what the conditions are that they work in.”
It took fifteen minutes for Genko, Zafer and Shiva to be outvoted in favor of hiring Ms. Spivak to rid them of the dockworker union. 
#
Over dinner with her father that night, Abigail thought about what Fergus had said at their dinner. He was right. We don’t need the unions to reduce their rates. “Oh, Father! How are those men going to support their families without some protection from the likes of Kyler Borman?” 
“It couldn’t be helped, kitten,” he said as he speared a bit of roast beef. “If I had sided with Genko, Zafer and Shiva, the vote would have been tied.” He shrugged. “It was the only way. Any other vote would have those other four conspiring to take me off of the leadership of the board.”
She stirred her salad around the plate. “It’s not right, Dad. Not right at all.”



TWENTY-ONE

Fergus was awakened at 0300 by his communicator’s loud buzzing. Since the Station was nearly complete, these early morning calls were rare. He was getting used to getting a full night’s rest. He tried to rub the sleep out of his eyes with his left hand while groping in the dark on his bedside stand for the communicator.
“Yeah,” he croaked into the device.
“Fergus, there’s a methane leak in the maintenance corridors on Level 3.”
Damn, there’s a leak in the V’Heeme quarters somewhere. “I’ll be right there. Call Chief Gass. We may have to evacuate the living quarters on Level 3.”
“Yes, sir.”
He threw off his blanket and began fumbling for his pants in the dark. “Lights.” The room lights brightened to thirty percent. He grabbed the communicator and jammed it in his pocket as he swung his tunic around his body. As he pulled the tunic on, he went to the bathroom. It might be the only chance he would have for several hours.
Finished in the bathroom, he put on socks and shoes and left his apartment. 
He took the Maglev to Quadrant A then ran to the elevators, rode to Level 3 and then jogged to the maintenance corridor between the hull and the residences in the 1000 ring. Alexis Eton was brought in to build the V’Heeme docks and living quarters. Since the V’Heeme had contacted humans a hundred years ago, and after the initial confusion in communicating with them had been resolved, they became regular trading partners. It was common for space stations to have a few docks and part of the station built to accommodate the V’Heeme methane-breathing living requirements. 
He spied Alexis standing behind three technicians spread out along the corridor with detection scanners in hand, moving slowly along the floor of the corridor. “Alexis, what’s the status?” 
“I’m still investigating, Fergus. We began pumping methane into the quarters last night. An hour ago we began getting atmosphere warnings here on Level 3. Something isn’t sealed between Level 2 and 3. We’re searching for it.”
Fergus could smell the methane. “What are the levels?”
Alexis looked like he’d been roused out of bed too. His tunic had the third button in the second button hole and his normally well groomed long blonde hair was just tucked behind his ears instead of his usual ponytail. He glared at his pad; the screen showed the results of the techs scans.
“Still low, but I don’t like that we have a leak at all. Those methane areas should have been sealed and now I know they’re not. I started pumping the methane out of those residences as soon as we had an indication of the leak here. But I want enough left in there so I can find the leak.”
“Do we need to shut the blast doors?”
Alexis shook his head, eyes still on his pad. “No, not yet. But you’re going to start getting calls about the smell.”
“What about the methane docks?”
“They seem to be holding. I’ve got some techs down on Level 1 checking there now.”
Fergus ran his hand through his hair. “I’m going to the Command Center. We’ll put out informational messages about a small leak that’s causing the smell. Do I need to tell the residents to prepare for a possible evacuation?”
Alexis took his eyes off the pad and glanced at Fergus. He started to take a deep breath then choked on the methane. He shook his head and still coughing, said, “No. Not yet. I’ll call you if I think we need to evacuate the 1000 ring.”
Fergus nodded and turned to leave the corridor. He never liked it when the boss hovered over him so he gave Alexis the courtesy of letting him work in peace. Alexis was the leading engineer in the system for methane habitats. He’d find the answer if Fergus gave him the space to work.
On Level 8, in the Command Center for administering the Station, Fergus had the night shift supervisor put a message up on the monitors about the methane. While the Command Center was informed of ships docking, they didn't take care of that. Their job was to manage the operation and maintenance of the entire Station. The Command Center was the right hand of the Station Manager.  
The Command Center was set up in a semi-circle, the consoles facing a large screen on one wall. At this time of day, there were only three people on duty. The Station internal comm desk was already fielding calls. The tech waved him over.
“Sir, I have a woman on the line that’s nearly hysterical. She wants to know why we’re not doing anything about the methane poisoning.”
Fergus sighed. He liked dealing with the construction teams better than with the residents. They didn’t panic over every problem. This was one of the reasons he didn’t want to be the elected Station Manager. He signaled the tech to unmute the call.
“Hello, this is Fergus Boylan.”
“This is Amanda Peabody. Mr. Boylan, what’s happening? I can smell the methane. Why aren’t we being evacuated? I knew this would happen, it was just a trick to kill off the poor.”
She went on and on. Fergus could hear a baby screaming in the background and children sobbing. He rubbed his eyes.
“Ms. Peabody, Ms. Peabody.” He finally yelled, “Ms. PEABODY!” to get her attention and stop her talking.
He heard her sobbing, but she stopped talking. “Ms. Peabody. There’s a message to the Station about the methane you smell. We’re filling the V’Heeme quarters with methane and a little has leaked. That’s what you smell. We’ve asked all residents on Level 3 to prepare to evacuate in case something goes wrong.”
She broke in. “Evacuate! Evacuate!” She began wailing and Fergus could hear the children in the background pick up on her panic and start wailing too.
“Ms. Peabody!” Fergus yelled.
She stopped wailing but he could hear her still sniffling. “Ms. Peabody, do you remember your evacuation drills? Do you know where to go and what to bring with you?”
“Drills? Oh, yes, those drills. Always coming in the middle of the night and scaring the kids.”
Fergus rolled his eyes. “Yes, Ms. Peabody. Those drills are for this type of situation. Review your handbook and just prepare. We are NOT calling for an evacuation yet. The methane problem is being repaired as we speak.”
She sniffled then blew her nose. The tech recoiled from the console. “Just prepare. Yes. I can do that.”
Fergus sighed. “Yes ma’am. Just prepare. Information will be on the monitors as we get it. If an evacuation is necessary, the evacuation sirens will go off.”
“Thank you Mr. Boylan.” She sniffed. “You should run for Station Manager. You have been doing a good job.”
“Thank you Ms. Peabody. Just follow the news on the monitor.” He signaled the tech to cut the call.
The tech was grinning. “You handled that pretty well, Fergus.”
Fergus shook his head. “If you get any more like that, just handle them the same way.”
When he turned away from the tech he could hear the man chuckle, “trick to kill off the poor.” Then he took the next call.
Fergus told the shift supervisor he was going to Gass’s office.
In the Station Security offices, Gass was completing the briefing on what he wanted the officers to do. Fergus waited in the back of the room.
Gass walked over to him as the officers were leaving. “Any new developments?”
“No. So far it’s a minor leak. I had to field a call from a hysterical resident. That’s probably what you’re going to have to deal with in the concourses.”
“That’s what I told them. I put four people in the A quadrant, Level 3, 1000 ring to handle residents in a panic. Should we open the shelter for that section?”
Fergus rolled his head around his neck, stretching his shoulders. “No, but call the supervisor for that shelter. Have her get it ready.”
Gass typed into his pad. “Did you go down to Level 3?”
“Yeah, it smells of methane. Alexis is working it. We need to wait for him to find the problem and fix it.”
“Since we’re up, want to get breakfast?”
Fergus nodded.
“Great. A place, The Green Hills Café, opened up in the Level 4 market.”
As the men went to the café, Fergus related the call with Ms. Peabody. They were both laughing when they got to the café. It was just opening up.
“Mrs. Dall, this is my friend Fergus Boylan.”
Fergus shook her hand. “I hope you’re not opening just for us.”
She shook her head. “Oh no, I open this early to catch the shift workers who have to be on duty at 0600.”
“Well I appreciate it,” he said as she led them to a table.
“Coffee?” she asked as she handed them menus.
They both nodded and she left.
Fergus inspected the cafe. The tables had the nice paper cloth table coverings. He rubbed the paper fabric between his fingers, they felt like real cloth. The same material was used in the napkins. He liked that. These could go into the recyclers and be remade to be used as something else. It used a lot less water than washing real table linens. There were huge colorful pots along the edges of the café. Tiny pots stood inside of them with small plants. “What’s with the pots?”
Chief Gass glanced up from his menu. “Oh, she’s starting trees. They’re too small for the big pots yet. She’s starting them in the little pots. In the meantime the big pots act as dividers for the café.”
“Nice. They’ll help the air recycling system.”
Gass laughed. “Do you ever stop thinking about the Station construction?”
Fergus raised an eyebrow. “About as often as you stop thinking about Station security.”
Gass nodded. “True enough.”
Ms. Dall came back with the coffee and took their orders.
When she left, Gass looked Fergus in the eye. “So what’s going on with Miss Abigail Madison?
Fergus began tapping his fingers on the table. 
“Come on. I’m just about the only friend you have on the Station. Spill it.”
Checking out the pots on the other side of the café, Fergus shifted in his chair. “It didn’t go well the other night at the Candidate’s Ball.” He sighed and ran his hand though his hair. Gas sat quietly, now and then sipping at his coffee.
“Of course she was there.” He snorted. “And on Conway Gillespie’s arm, of all things.” He gazed around the still empty café. “I moved next to her and waited until she noticed me.” He watched the Chief's face for understanding. “When she did, she took everything I said and twisted it around. Brought up my conversation from our date.” He sighed. 
Gass shook his head. “I told you to call her the next day. Make apologies and take her out to lunch or something. But you didn’t do it.”
Fergus shook his head. “It was all so innocent. I don’t even understand how it all went wrong.”
“You’re dealing with a woman, and a high society woman at that. Your statements sounded like criticism.”
“Yeah, in hindsight they do sound like I was being critical. Thing is, how do I fix it?” He slumped in his chair.
“I have no idea. You notice I’m not married, right?”
Fergus grinned. “Yeah, I noticed.”
Ms. Dall brought their breakfasts. “More coffee?”
#
After breakfast, before Gass left the table, Fergus called Alexis. “Anything new?”
“No. It’s getting worse.”
Fergus put the communicator down on the table so Gass could hear. “I have Chief Gass here with me. How could it be getting worse? I thought you were pumping the methane back into the tanks?”
Fergus could hear the strain in Alexis voice. “I don’t know. I can’t find anything in the maintenance corridor, or within the methane residences, that could cause the leak.”
“What are you recommending?”
The two men could hear him sigh on the other end. “Better evacuate Level 3, Quadrant A, 1000 ring.”
Gass began typing on his pad. “Roger that. I’ll get the evacuation started and the blast doors down.”
He cut off the communicator and called the Command Center. “Sound the evacuation alarm for Level 3, Quadrant A, 1000 ring. Close the blast doors on Maintenance corridor A, Level 3. Put the news up on all the monitors.”
“Yes, sir.”
He cut off the call as Gass finished typing. “Let’s go.”
#
They rode to Level 8 together, separating once they left the elevator. As Fergus entered the Command Center he called out to the supervisor, “Has Sindar Vagati been notified to open the shelter?”
“Yes, sir. She’s already there.”
“Good. Chief Gass has already been notified. He has four people in the 1000 ring, Quadrant A.” He checked the monitor to see what the residents were getting. The emergency tone beeped and a written statement scrolled down the screen with a soft, calm woman’s voice reading the statement. 
“Make sure the other Levels and the rest of Level 3 know that the evacuation isn’t for them,” he directed the internal communications tech. Every button on the tech’s board was lit up. “Don’t worry about the calls until you get that message up.”
He turned to the supervisor. “Rick, call your relief, have Jean get up here now so she’s hooked into the loop as soon as possible.”
Rick tapped his earpiece and began talking. Satisfied that everything was running smoothly, he called Gass.
“How’s it going?”
“The officers on Level 3, 1000 ring are already moving people along to the shelters. I have two more officers at the shelter.”
The Station had to have shelters, they never knew when a stray meteor would hit the Station, or when a ship would lose control and come in too fast. The shelters were in the core of the Station. One on every level, they were equipped to stand alone. They had their own water supply, a store of food and a mini-command center. The managers for the shelters were specially selected for their ability to operate in extremely stressful situations. They were also trained in mob psychology. There was nothing more dangerous than a group of frightened people. Each shelter manager went armed.
“Thanks. Keep me posted.” He clicked off.
“I’ll be in my office.” There was no point in hanging around the command center - it just made the people there nervous. Once in his office he sat in his chair, staring at the wall. It was his job to worry, and that’s what he did. But once in awhile, he thought about Abigail Madison and that glorious red hair.


TWENTY-TWO

That evening, Brody Skerry and his friends Ferris, Conall, and Edan were at the Eastenders bar. It was their dart night and despite his wife’s worry about the methane leak, he wasn’t going to miss darts night. 
The men were in high good humor, having just won their match against the Pipefitters team. They drank down the last of their beers and headed out into the corridor.
“Edan, way to pull that bulls eye out at the last minute,” Conall slapped him on the shoulder. “I thought the buggers were gonna win.” All of them roared at the memory of Edan’s desperate last throw. 
“Did ya see their faces?” Edan laughed. “You’da thought their mothers died.”
The men were nearly to the market area when they were accosted by a dozen men. “You union boys keep late hours,” a nasty looking man in plain grey overalls taunted.
The four friends stopped. Brody spoke. “Just headin’ home fellas. We don’t want trouble.”
Grey overalls nodded his head at his crew. They began surrounding the friends. “Trouble now. Trouble has a way of findin’ union thieves.”
Ferris, who’d had the most to drink, started forward. “Union thieves! We’re no thieves.”
Brody pulled him back. “Look mister, we’re just headin’ home. We got no beef with you.”
Veterans of street fights back in Ireland, the four friends moved back to back facing their attackers. “Just like the old days, eh boyos?” Conall said, cracking his knuckles. 
The dozen moved in, pulling short clubs out of their sleeves or jackets and using them to effect on the unarmed friends. A few got too close and one of the men would pull him in and deliver a powerful punch to face or stomach. It only took a few minutes though for Brody and his friends to become a heap on the deck. 
The gang hurried off. A few minutes later two Station Security officers arrived. “What happened here?” They began pulling the men to their feet.
Brody, nose bleeding, a lump over his left eye and his hand to his jaw spoke first. “I don’t know. We was leavin’ the Eastender’s after a dart match and about a dozen guys surrounded us. Beat us down, they did.”
The officers took preliminary statements and escorted the men to the hospital. Conall was the worst off, broken ribs and missing teeth. The others all had contusions, minor cuts and damaged egos. 
At home Brody sat on his bed, his wife putting cold towels on his head. He told his wife, “They said we was thieves.” He shook his head. “I ain’t never stole a thing in my life.” 
#
At the same time Brody and his friends were being attacked, Fergus was in his office, trying not to worry about the methane problem while doing paperwork. His communicator buzzed.
“Yeah,” his paperwork was immediately forgotten. I hope this is Alexis with good news.
“Fergus,” the swing shift Command Center supervisor said. “We’ve got a message. The V’Heeme ship, Z’tlani just came in the jump point. They’ll be here in three days.”
Fergus pinched the bridge of his nose. “You acknowledged their call?”
“Yeah. I didn’t provide any other info though.”
“Good. With luck we’ll have the methane problem fixed by the time they dock. Thanks for letting me know.”
He clicked off, then called Alexis. “We’ve got V’Heeme coming.”
“Fantastic. Just what I needed, more pressure.”
“The docks are still tight?”
“Yeah. No leaks there. It’s just the quarters. I have the techs going around every seam in the residential area, resealing everything. It’ll take two more days, at least.”
“The V’Heeme will be here in three. Hopefully that gives us a one day cushion to bring their residence up to standard.”
“If we can stay on schedule.”
“What about the evac of the 1000 ring. Can we let the people back into their apartments?”
“Yeah, tomorrow. I should have the tainted air pumped out and fresh atmosphere pumped back in by morning.”
“Good. I appreciate the hard work Alexis.”
“No problem, that’s what I get the big credits for.”
He clicked off. Fergus put the communicator back on the desk. If he can get the methane residences sealed and their atmosphere pumped in, we shouldn’t have any trouble. As a project manager, Fergus didn’t have a lot of hope for that. Something always went wrong. Delays always popped up. And the V’Heeme were difficult to communicate with. If there was a delay, he wasn’t sure how well the translation devices would handle the explanation of the delay in their quarter’s readiness. 
He sighed. That’s why I get the big credits. 
#
The next day Fergus was at the BioDome for the grand opening. Not an actual dome, it was on Level 5, A Quadrant and took up two residential and two maintenance concourses. 
A four-season earth-type environment, it was a little bit of nature on the Station. Fergus stood in front of a moderately- sized crowd along with the lead environmental engineer and the administrative manager for the dome. 
After the introductions, Fergus began his short speech. “Welcome everyone to the grand opening of the BioDome.” He paused to accept the smattering of applause. 
“A feat of state-of-the-art environmental engineering, the BioDome will provide Gulliver Station with an additional level of atmospheric conditioning. Even better, it will be a respite for our residents. A place of nature and beauty within our walls, it’ll allow us to share with our children a little bit of our own Mother Earth.” That received more applause.
“You all should be proud of this feature. It’ll be a highlight not only for us, but for visitors to our Station, an attraction worthy of coming to Gulliver Station all on its own. Thank you for attending today’s opening. Today, you can enjoy the BioDome free of charge. I hope you enjoy each of the four seasons.”
With that, the door opened and people began entering the air lock to the first room. At this point in the BioDome cycle, the first room was Spring. Fergus stood a moment; he could smell the damp earth and caught the faint scent of flowers through the open door. He watched the people being cycled through the air lock a few at a time. 
He turned to the Administrator, Kai Wetherspoon. “Have you set the entrance fees yet?”
“We have. I investigated your suggestions for pricing. I can set the price for residents at five credits. That’s as low as I can go and still make the books come out with a small profit. Off Station visitors will pay seven.”
“I like that,” Fergus nodded. “Since the dome provides part of our air handling, the Station can pay a majority of the costs. I just didn’t want the only opportunity for the residents to feel real earth and plants to be priced out of reach.”
“I kept that in mind. Most of these people will never leave the Station again. I liked your idea of making nature, such as we can have in the dome, available.” Kai shook Fergus’ hand. “I’ve got to go take care of business. Thanks for coming and doing the opening day speech for us.”
“Glad to do it.” He watched Kai walk through the crowd still waiting to go in, shaking hands and greeting people. The scent of the fresh earth brought back memories and he was tempted to escape into that moist, oxygen laden air, but he didn’t have time to take the tour. 
As he descended the platform, he heard his name.
“Mr. Boylan.”
He paused as he realized it was Abigail Madison. “Ab… uh, Ms. Madison,” he stammered in his confusion. “Nice to see you.”
“Lovely speech.”
“Thank you.” He suddenly felt like a school boy. He didn’t know what to do with his hands and ended up jamming them into his pockets. “Uh, are you taking the tour today?”
Her eyes drifted to the still crowded door. “Yes, I’ve been looking forward to the opening. I miss the fresh air of Pica.”
His brain darted feverishly for something to say. “I was just talking to the Administrator. He’s set the admission price for residents low.”
“Really. How nice.”
Fergus stopped. Was that sarcasm? Did she not approve of inexpensive access for the regular Station residents? Maybe she thinks the BioDome should just be for the elite? “You don’t approve?”
He saw her eyebrows draw together, her gaze coming back to him. “Approve what?”
“Approve of Station residents getting a discounted rate to use the BioDome?”
Her cheeks began to grow pink. “Why wouldn’t I approve. Do you think I want it to be just for the rich? What do you take me for?” She glared at him. “You need to think less of economic status, Mr. Boylan.” 
Fergus began to apologize, stammering half-formed thoughts as his hands came out of his pockets, flapping uselessly, but she had already turned and pushed through the few remaining people to the BioDome entrance. Her ramrod straight spine was a reproach as it disappeared through the door.
Rock head, he cursed at himself. You’ve gone and blown it again.

TWENTY-THREE

Sophia and Abigail met for lunch at 1400 at the Green Hills Café. “I ordered iced tea for us,” Sophia said as Abigail arrived. “Hope you don’t mind.”
“No,” she slid into her chair and tucked a stray lock of hair behind her ear. “Glad you did,” she reached for the tea and drank half of it down. 
Sophia’s eyes went wide. “Thirsty?”
“Oh, yeah, I guess I am.” She put the glass down. “Did you order?” Abigail reached out and picked up a menu. 
“No, I waited.” Sophia narrowed her eyes. “I thought you were going to the BioDome opening, what’s got you so hot and bothered?”
Abigail snapped the menu shut and slapped it on the table. “Fergus Boylan!” she huffed.
“Ah.” Sophia’s eyes crinkled at the corners. “He was there?”
“Yes.” Abigail made a face at her friend. “He gave a little opening speech.”
Sophia sat back in her chair, one hand playing with her iced tea glass. “And you didn’t like the speech?”
“No, I mean, yes, the speech was fine.” She fidgeted in her chair, picking up the menu and putting it down again. “It was just an opening speech, nothing to remark on.” 
Sophia watched her friend squirm, a little smirk on her face. “And did you speak to the redoubtable Interim Station Manager afterward?”
“Yes.” Abigail flashed her friend a look of annoyance. “And again, he managed to tick me off.”
Leaning forward, arms crossed on the table, Sophia asked, “And what horrible thing did he say?”
Just then the waitress arrived. They ordered salads and the waitress refilled the iced tea. “Well,” Sophia’s voice rose a little. “Tell all!”
Abigail took a deep breath. “He accused me of wanting the BioDome to be only for the rich.”
Sophia sat back in her chair, face skeptical. “He did not. Tell me the whole scene.”
“Well, I went over to him to congratulate him on a nice speech.” She began.
“Um hm.” Sophia grinned. 
“Stop it!” Abigail shook her finger at her friend. “Don’t read into it.”
Sophia put up her hands in mock surrender. “Go ahead.”
“Well,” Abigail shifted around in her seat. “It seemed like he was glad to see me, then,” her eyes lost focus as she gazed across the room, “he began telling me about the entry fee and how they were being kept low, so every Station resident could afford to go into the environment.” Her eyes snapped back to Sophia. 
“And,” she encouraged.
“And, I said, ‘Really, how nice.’ That’s when his attitude became very formal and he asked if I thought it should only be for the Station elite!” She began drumming her fingers on the table. “Why would he say that?”
Sophia raised an eyebrow. “And what was your tone of voice like?”
“My tone of voice?”
“Yes, when you said ‘Oh, really,’ what was your tone of voice?”
Abigail stared at her friend, “I don’t know.” She thought back, did he misunderstand my tone of voice? “Do you think he misunderstood my comment? It was just a comment, to let him know I was listening!” She huffed and threw herself back in her chair, arms crossed. 
“You,” Sophia grinned, “and Mr. Fergus Boylan are much too touchy with each other. Are you sure you’re not trying to find fault with him?”
“Why would I do that, Sophia?” She sat forward. “Am I being too sensitive.”
Sophia laughed. “I think so, Miss Abigail Madison. You obviously like the guy. Cut him some slack!”
Their salads arrived. Abigail waited until the food and utensils had been placed and the waitress left. “You don’t think he’s deliberately pushing my buttons?”
Sophia picked up her fork. “Oh, he’s pushing your buttons, but I think you’re pushing his too.”
#
The same afternoon found the dock workers in the Level 4 Meditation Chapel attending the funeral of a fellow dock worker, Nathan Webb.
Gilby McAllen, the Dock Workers Union leader, was speaking to the mourners. “Nathan was an experienced man, coming to Gulliver Station three years ago to teach the rest of us hard-heads how to be dock workers. There’ll be toasts given all over this part of the quadrant to the man who devoted his life to moving cargo through too many space Stations to count. As is the custom, his remains will be turned into a biojewel and because he has no family to give it to, it will be mounted and hung on the wall of the Union office; a reminder to all of us of the life that once was. Thank you for coming to his memorial. The wake will be at the Eastender’s.”
The group moved in three’s and five’s to the bar where Gilby gave the first toast. “To Nathan Webb!”
“Hear, hear, Nathan Webb!”
Brody and his wife Emma drank their toast with Ferris and his wife Patricia, Conall and his wife Talia, and Edan and his wife Madra. They sat at a table, toward the back of the room. 
“I’m havin’ a hard time with the idea of no burial,” Patricia said to the group at the table. “This Thermal Depolymerization thing, kind of creepy, don’t ya think?”
Talia Devlin agreed. “Of course I didn’t know the man but no grave to visit?”
Her husband snorted. “Where would you have us bury the man, in the BioDome?”
She bristled a little. “I know, Conall, but still.”
Brody broke in before his friends began a fight. “There’s the biojewel for the family to keep, if he had one.”
Madra Majar nodded. “I kind of like that, something beautiful to remind us of the person.”
“Still,” Talia said. “This whole burning of the body.”
“It’s not really burning,” Conall explained to his wife. “It’s a recovery, the water, the chemicals, recycled. Like it would be on earth, just faster. Then what's left becomes the jewel.”
Edan nodded, “Yeah, everything back to the earth to be reused. Just faster. I hadn’t thought about that.” He lifted his beer, “To the cycle of life.”
The others lifted their glasses, “To the cycle of life.”


TWENTY-FOUR

Fergus called Gass. “Are your officers ready for the candidates tonight? I don’t want another disturbance.”
“We’re ready. I have every available officer, even the off duty ones, in the market area.”
“You haven’t heard any rumors?”
“Relax, Fergus. I haven’t heard any rumors of trouble.” He hesitated. “But I won’t guarantee there won’t be trouble.”
“Just what I didn’t want to hear.” 
“I’ll do what I can, Fergus. Are you going to be there?”
“Yeah, up near the stage.”
“I’ll be in the back. If there’s trouble, that’ll be where it’ll start.”
Fergus sighed. Don’t borrow trouble, he told himself. “Right. I guess we’re as ready as we can be.”
“I’ll see you there, Fergus.”
#
“What’s the status, Alexis?” Fergus paced nervously in front of the speaker’s stand in the Level 6 market. The first two candidates had already addressed the crowd. The moderator had called a fifteen minute break. So far there was no trouble, a few hecklers in the crowd but nothing violent. Liam McFarlan was up next. He had a fair-sized following according to the computer projections, but Fergus didn’t like the man. Something shifty about him, he thought. And Conway likes him, double the reason to doubt him.
“I was right. There’s a problem in the V’Heeme residential hallway." Alexis told Fergus. "We finished resealing. I’ve cordoned the area off and stationed a couple of techs in the Level 3 corridor right above it. That area is sealed too. I’m running some methane in the V’Heeme hallway to check.”
Fergus ran his hand through his hair. The V’Heeme would be docking in thirty-six hours. “How long is the test going to take?”
“Three hours to fill the sealed area, another eight to see if it leaks. We check for a leak. Then if it does, an hour to re-seal it, two hours to clear the Level 3 corridor and eight more to set up the methane environment in the V’Heeme residential area.”
“Twenty hours?”
Alexis sighed. “Minimum, if nothing goes wrong.”
“That gives us a twelve hour cushion.” Fergus paced some more. “You’re giving me gray hair, Alexis.”
“Sorry, Fergus. I’m working as fast as I can.”
“I know. I just don’t want the first visit to Gulliver Station by the V’Heeme to go wrong. If they’re upset, they may never come back.”
“I hear you, Fergus. I’ll do my best.”
“I know you will, Alexis. Keep me posted.” He clicked off.
A few residents came up to him to shake his hand. “Great candidate introduction here, Fergus, we appreciate it.”
“It’s so nice to have a real choice. You’ve done a great job.”
“Pity you’re not running, Fergus. It’s because of you we’re here.”
The praise made him self-conscious and he never quite knew how to respond. He felt worse when he spotted Abigail with Conway Gillespie. She held an ice cream cone in her hand and was gazing up at Conway, laughing at some comment he’d made. Fergus stomped over to the other side of the platform so he couldn’t see them. 
The moderator walked to the front of the platform. “Ladies and gentlemen, our next candidate is Liam McFarlan.”
There was a good-sized audience applause as McFarlan traded places with the moderator. He began his speech, talking not so much about his credentials, but promising something for everyone. Sounds like the smarmy candidates back on Earth, Fergus thought. Then Liam began tearing apart the other candidates. Figures, the others stuck to their qualifications, what they could do for the Station. This guy is mud-slinging. Just what I didn’t want to happen.
He drifted into the crowd. Like the first two candidates, there was some heckling. He noticed that these hecklers stopped short. He tried to spot the hecklers, since nobody cut off a shout that fast, but he couldn’t see anything specific. He called Gass. “There’s something going on. I can feel it.”
“Do you see anything?”
Fergus scanned the crowd where the heckling had come from. “No, nothing specific.”
“Keep your eyes open.”
Fergus clicked off. McFarlan’s time was up but he spoke a few moments longer, ignoring the moderator’s, “Your time is up Mr. McFarlan.”
He squeezed in a few more sentences then thanked the crowd. The moderator was visibly annoyed. He calmed himself then moved to the sound pick up. “Thank you Mr. McFarland. Ladies and Gentlemen, our last candidate for this evening is Mr. Gill Caniff!” He began clapping as he stepped away from the front of the platform.
The majority of the crowd cheered enthusiastically. Fergus knew from the projections that the majority of the Station resident’s liked Gill. The cheering from the crowd supported those projections. 
“Thank you all for such a warm welcome,” Gill began. 
Fergus watched the crowd as Gill began to talk about where he came from and his qualifications. Fergus just happened to be staring at the right part of the crowd when a fellow shouted out, “What about that tax fraud?” The people nearest him turned to stare, so there was an obvious ripple in the crowd. He could hear someone shout, “Shut yer yap!”
Gill ignored the heckle and continued to talk about his experience. Behind him, Fergus could hear someone else yell out, “Tell us how you got away with it!”
He turned quickly only to see the crowd turn on the heckler. From the back were more shouts, accusing Caniff of fraud, of malfeasance in office. Before he could call Gass, the whole crowd was in turmoil. Fights broke out between spectators who were hurling insults at each other. 
Fergus saw people trying to move away from the fights as Station Security moved toward the trouble. He could hear Gill trying to calm the crowd down but it was too late. He heard a woman scream then the whole room began to stampede in conflicting directions. He was shoved by the crowd to the platform, where he managed to haul himself up, suffering a few crushed toes in the process. 
Gill helped him up. They watched the confusion from the stage. “I seem to be drawing the worst out of people.”
“It isn’t you.” Fergus said, as he watched Station Security break up fights. “I think it’s the new crime syndicate.”
Fergus was surprised by his own statement. He realized he’d known it from the first disrupted candidate event. “Someone is trying to discredit you. Take the electorate’s mind off of what you are and how much you’ll benefit the Station and link you with fear and distrust.”
Gill sighed. “I thought so. I don’t have any trouble when I’m talking to people one on one. Just in a big event, like this. What should I do?”
“I see Station Security has rounded up some of the trouble makers. We’ll question them. Maybe they were paid to cause trouble. I’ll let you know.”
Gill stuck his hands in his pockets. The majority of the crowd had gone. “I’ll just keep talking to them one on one then.”
#
Earlier in the evening Abigail realized she was enjoying her date with Conway. He was charming and funny. Unlike Fergus Boylan, she thought. Conway walked her around the market, bought her a small stuffed toy and an ice cream cone. 
He knows everyone, she noticed as he greeted yet another man and his family. I wonder why he’s not running for Station Manager? He even bought her one of Gill Caniff’s balloons. They stopped near the platform when Liam McFarlan came up to speak. 
She watched Liam as he began. As soon as he started making promises too good to be real, she glanced at Conway. He was turned so that he could see the crowd, not the speaker. What’s he watching? She turned too, seeing nothing out of the ordinary. When Liam finished, she asked, “What were you looking at?”
He put on a smile, “Nothing, just watching the crowd. Let’s stay and listen to the last guy, Gill Caniff.”
She wondered why he wanted to stay. “Alright.” 
Gill moved to the front of the stage and began his speech. She liked him. Better than that last blowhard, making promises he can’t keep. Again, Conway was watching the crowd. A heckler yelled out from somewhere behind her. She could feel Conway tense. 
“We should be leaving now.” He tried to guide her out of the crowd. 
“Not yet, he hasn’t finished.” She found herself resisting his arm. She noticed him tense more when a second heckler yelled something about getting away with something. 
More hecklers yelled out and Conway really began applying pressure. “I think we need to leave.”
“But Conway…”
A woman screamed, and then others and the crowd began surging around them. “Come on, we need to get out of here.”
Conway pulled her forcibly along to the other end of the market. They caught the elevators at Quadrant D. He took her up to Level 7 and walked her home. 
“Are you alright?” he asked.
“Yes, just a little bumped. What happened?”
“I don’t know, but it wasn’t safe.” He turned on the charm. “May I have the honor of asking you out again?”
Something’s not right, she thought but she didn’t know why. “I’d like that, Conway.”
He took her hand and bent over, kissing it lightly. 
“Until then.”
She closed the door behind her. “What was he looking at?” she asked herself as she took her earrings out and walked to her bedroom. “What was back in the crowd?”


TWENTY-FIVE

The next morning Fergus stood with Gass outside the interrogation rooms watching a monitor. The video and sound were on and one of the Security Officers was asking an obviously hung over man why he started a fight at the campaign event last night.
The man rubbed his eyes and face then ran his hands through thinning, sandy brown hair. “Don’t know. Some boyo came by the bar, asked if we liked Liam McFarlan or Gill Caniff for Station Manager. Those of us who said Liam, he called outside into the concourse. 
The fella said,“You boyo’s seem like good, honest workin’ men. I’ll give you three credits each, right now, to go heckle that limp-spined Gill Caniff.”
“Well,” the man said, slumped in the chair, squinting against the light, “What’s a little hecklin’, right? And the man was handin’ out credits like he was makin’ ‘em in his apartment. Course I took ‘em.”
“Did you know the man? Ever see him before?”
“Nah, never seen him.”
“Would you recognize him if you saw him again?”
“I dunno. I’d had a few beers after work. My size, brown hair, brown eyes, plain tunic. Looked like any other guy.” He covered his eyes. “Can I go now? My wife is gonna kill me.”
Gass turned off the monitor. “They all say pretty much the same thing. They didn’t know the guy and what’s a little heckling.”
“Any DNA on the credits?”
“No. Whoever it was must have used gloves. The only DNA was the men’s.”
“Perfect,” Fergus groaned.
“We need more monitors in the corridors.” Gass turned to Fergus. “There are big gaps in the coverage.”
Scratching his head, Fergus nodded. “I’ve got all of the ones planned for up and operational. There’s no budget for more security cameras.”
Gass pinned Fergus with his gaze. “Take it out of my budget. I’ll search through it and find some way to cover the cost. Right now I’m blind. I don’t like it. Not a bit.” 
#
Conway sat in the Level 5 bar that the techies liked to hang in, the Spiral Down. It was half an hour after the end of day shift and the tables and booths were filling up with communications, electronics, and programmer techs. 
Unlike many of the other bars and restaurants on Gulliver, this bar was decorated in black and silver. Mirrors were a prominent decorative item, as were flashing lights. Synthesized, techno music blasted from the speakers.
He listened to the chatter. Just like his pipefitters, or even his old crime crew back in Ireland, people complained about their boss, the job, the jerk in the next cubicle, the nasty customer, it was all the same.
A woman, shave-headed, with a ring in her nose and a tattoo of a Celtic dragon running up her right arm, slid into the booth opposite him. “Conway?”
He nodded. “Glenna?”
“That’s me.” She observed the bar and slumped into the booth back when she was done. 
“Drink?” Conway offered.
She nodded as she slid to the back wall of the booth, putting a studded, black leather boot on the seat.
Conway waved a waitress over. He glanced at his guest. “Beer?”
“Yeah.”
“Two beers, miss.”
She nodded and hustled off. 
“Nice to meet you, Glenna. You come highly recommended.”
Her face remained neutral. “Thank you.”
Conway gave a small smile. She’s trying to be tough. It’s nothing to me what this girl thinks of me but if she doesn’t show some manners in a hurry, I’m going to leave.
The waitress brought the beers and set them on the table. Conway paid with a couple of plastic credits. He didn’t want her to run his Station account and find out his name.
They both sipped their beer. “Glenna, I’ve asked you to speak with me because I have a small job for you.”
“I’ve heard of you,” she said. “I searched your name in the database before I came.” She set her beer down but she put it between them, as though it were a shield. “You used to be a pipefitter, union guy and since you’ve been here you were promoted to be the top union dog and now you run your own business.”
“That’s true.” 
“Huh. Pretty slick.”
He nodded. 
“What kind of job?”
While he kept his face neutral, he was happy. Got you, little bird. This round goes to me, Ms. Glenna Wrenn. “I need a bit of software…let’s say, adjusted.”
She stared at him, her finger tracing patterns in the moisture on the table from the cold glass. “What kind of software?”
“It’s a package from Fullo, election software.”
Nodding, her eyes grew distant. She sipped her beer. “Hard to do. Fullo puts a lot of security in their software. Especially election software, they don’t allow any funny business on that planet.”
Conway gently asked, “Can it be done?”
She looked lost in thought. He let her think. If you wanted specialists for a job, you had to let them do it.
Her eyes snapped back to him. “Maybe. I’d have to get into the software to see how it’s coded.” Suspicion grew in her eyes. “How do you know I’ll even get to examine it?”
“Ah,” he said sipping his beer. “That’s my job.” 
#
At twenty-one hundred hours, Fergus found Alexis outside of the Level 3 sealed off area. Alexis had a tech with him and they were conducting tests. Alexis stood up, “It’s totally clean, take down the containment seal and get this part of the hallway cleaned up.”
He turned to find Fergus leaning against a bulkhead. “Nice job, Alexis. Half an hour early too.” He stood up and shook Alexis’ hand. 
Alexis shrugged. “A half hour either way doesn’t make a difference. If there’s no trace of methane in there now, there won’t be in half an hour.”
“What’s left to do?” Fergus pulled his communicator out of his pocket.
“Time to bring up the methane atmosphere in the V’Heeme quarters.” He saw Fergus' worried face. Alexis added, “Yes, we’ll keep testing up here too.”
Grinning, Fergus shrugged. “Just making sure.” He pointed at the temporary shield coming down.  "I can bring the rest of the residents back then?”
“Sure, we’ll keep testing but they should all be able to come home.” The tech handed sensors from the temporary shield to Alexis. 
“Keep me posted Alexis. Any problem getting the atmosphere up in the V’Heeme quarters, let me know.”
Alexis gave a mock salute and left with his techs.
Fergus punched in the number for the Command Center. “Hey,” he said when he got the supervisor. “Tell the shelter everyone can come back to their apartments. Shut the place down.”
“Sure, Fergus. Will do.”
He clicked off and ran his hand through his hair. What about the cargo handling between the V’Heeme dock and the warehouse? I wonder if Alexis has thought about that? He started to punch in Alexis's number then wiped the entry. Of course he has. That’s why you hired him. Let him do his job, Fergus. Take a breath. So he did take a deep breath. It wasn’t until he was headed for the small Level 3 market and elevators that he realized there wasn’t a whiff of methane. He grinned to himself as he punched the button. See, no worries.
#
Since the methane problem seemed resolved, at least for now, he decided, a bowl of Irish stew was in order. He went to the Eastender’s where his friend, the owner, Anna Mulroony, was at the door.
“Fergus! Haven’t seen ya in three weeks.” She inspected him up and down as she came around the hostess stand and gave him a kiss on the cheek. “You look like you was run over by one of them dock tractors. Have you been eatin’?”
“Haven’t had the time, Anna.” He followed her through the restaurant to the back. “But I’d love some stew tonight.”
“I have just what you need, Luv,” she said as she sat him down at a table for two. “Whisky and stew?”
“Perfect,” he said grinning up at her. “You’re a life saver.”
She grinned back at him. “Of course I am. Be right back.”
He watched her hustle off and started to relax into his seat. The last couple of days had been tough and he was tired. A noise to his right made him turn to view the table across the aisle. 
“Abigail?” He was surprised to see her here. “What are you doing here?” He kicked himself as he saw her spine stiffen. 
“Having dinner, Fergus. Do you think rich people don’t eat?”
What a mess you’ve made of it, Fergus Boylan. First thing out of your mouth is an insult. That Anna! She did this. “Uh, no, of course not. I was just surprised. It’s been a tough couple of days and I’m a little tired.”
She smoothed the napkin in her lap. “Is everything alright?” 
He shifted his chair a little to face her. “Well enough. There are always problems.”
Abigail started to pick up her spoon, then put it back down again. “How is the methane problem?”
“Resolved,” he sighed. “We think it’s resolved anyway. I closed the shelter a few minutes ago and sent everyone back to their apartments.”
He saw a small smile creep up to those lovely lips. Get a hold of yourself, Fergus. He ripped his eyes away from her face. “Irish stew?” he nodded at her dinner.
Her smile grew larger. “Yes, I liked it so much when you brought me here, I came back.”
“Good, glad you liked it.”
He watched her take a spoonful and chew, delicately patting her lips with the napkin. “I…um, I,” she watched him, her eyebrows making question marks. You sound like an idiot, Fergus, spit it out. “I’m sorry,” he blurt out. He ran his hand through his hair, dragging the chair a little closer to her table. “I’m sorry I upset you at our dinner. Then I made a mess of it at the Candidate’s Ball. I’m sorry.”
Anna came back with a squat glass of whisky. Fergus glared at her as she set the glass on his table. She grinned at him, winking with the eye away from Abigail.
“Ms. Mulroony,” he heard through his annoyance with Anna. “Would you allow Mr. Boylan to join me at my table?”
Anna’s whole face lit up as she turned to Abigail. “Are you sure, Ms. Madison?”
Abigail glanced at Fergus, then back to Anna. “Oh, I think it would be alright.”
Anna immediately whisked Fergus’ drink and table setting to Abigail’s table. “Right away, Ms. Madison.” She backed up a step. Fergus stared as though he’d been hit. She jerked her head at Abigail’s table, making a face at him to go on. He recovered enough to glare at her, but he moved. “Wonderful. Your dinner will be right out Mr. Boylan.” She hurried away.
Fergus stared at the table. “Uh, I’m sorry for the intrusion. Anna has a mind of her own.”
Abigail picked up her wine glass, the deep red of the wine glowed in the lights. “I think she’s delightful.” She watched Fergus over the edge of the glass, “Don’t you?”
He fussed with the napkin wrapped cutlery. “Oh yes, delightful.” He had to resist the urge to run his hand through his hair. “Thank you for sharing your table.”
“Not at all. Now, tell me all about the methane trouble.”


TWENTY-SIX

As soon as Fergus woke up, he called Alexis. “How’s it going?”
“Well, good morning to you too, Fergus!” Alexis laughed. “It’s fine so far. The atmosphere in the methane quarters is 95 percent complete. The dock area is holding.”
Fergus sat on the edge of the bed and rubbed his face to wake up. “Good, good. The V’Heeme will dock in ten hours. I want it all to run smoothly.”
“It’s as smooth as it can be with the V’Heeme. I’ve done what I can. Good luck.”
“Thanks Alexis. Let the Command Center know when you’ve wrapped it up.”
“Will do, Fergus.”
Fergus clicked off, flopping back onto his bed. It’d be nice if I could just go back to sleep, he thought, wondering if he really could. His mind drifted back to last night’s impromptu dinner with Abigail. It seemed easier this time, less stressful. He wondered what her father thought about her seeing him, a lowly project manager. That thought was lost as he remembered those gorgeous brown eyes. He thought, I could just go in and never come out. 
As he lay there he closed his eyes and remembered their conversation. She had listened closely as he told her about the whole methane leak mess. She was genuinely concerned about the residents who had to go to the shelter. “They didn’t suffer any ill effects from the methane, did they?” 
That was nice of her to ask. “No,” he told her. “They are all fine. It was a very small leak.”
He apologized for delaying her dinner. “It’s gone cold,” he said when his was delivered. 
“It doesn’t matter. I’d eaten all I wanted.” Her smile was so warm that his heart nearly melted. 
“I can get you more.”
She laughed and held up a hand. “No, no, I’ve had enough, really.”
He was drifting off to sleep again when his communicator buzzed. His entire body spasmed and he shot into a sitting position. “Yeah.”
“It’s Molly, Fergus. You wanted to know when I have the election software. We’re getting ready to load it now.”
“Should I be there?”
“No, I’ll let you know how it goes in a couple of days after we run tests.”
“Thanks Molly.”
He clicked off and moaned as he stood up. Time to go to work.
#
“They’re not buyin’ it, Conway.” Eamon Lenox was sitting in front of Conway’s desk. “I’ve been havin' some of my boys talk to the dockworkers. No rough stuff, like you said. They ain’t budgin’. They like their wages and they ain’t gonna take no cut in pay.”
Conway nodded. He’d tried to misdirect Gilby McAllen’s committee when they went searching for the shipper’s financials. That didn’t work. They hired a smart analyst and the records were found. The dockworkers knew how much the shippers were making. “Keep at it, gently though. I’ve got plans, and pissed-off dockworkers will gum it all up.”
Eamon sat quietly and drank his coffee while Conway thought. Tapping his stylus on the desk Conway asked, “Have you heard anything about guys roughing up the dockworkers?”
Eamon nodded. “Yeah, but that wasn’t us. You said not to.”
“Yeah, but something’s going on, Eamon.” Conway stared off into space. “Something’s going on.”
#
Chief Gass was in his office, giving Fergus the weekly update. “The figures are up for fights and assaults.” 
Fergus leaned forward to see the chart on the pad screen Gass held out. “The construction workers are gone. There are a few specialists still left, like Alexis and his team. They wouldn’t be causing all these fights. Station residents? That’s who’s fighting?”
Gass nodded. “It’s that or the tourists.” He sighed. “Since the Hydra dropped off the last of the colonists we’ve had about a ship a day. See, about three months after the Hydra, the incidents started going up.”
“That’s mostly dock workers. And they’re getting the worst of it.”
Gass nodded. “We get a report of a fight near some bar and when the officers get there, they find dock workers, usually in a heap on the deck. The story is always the same. They were out, playing darts, after work, after their union meeting, or some other reason and a bunch of guys jump them, beat them up and take off before we get there.”
“Any reason?” Fergus scratched at his head.
“None we can find.” He turned off the pad. “If the dockworkers know what’s going on, they aren’t saying.”
#
Abigail sat along the side of the boardroom. She was thinking about Fergus and Conway. They’re so different from each other, but the same too. Both are driven to succeed but in such different ways. Conway all suave and businesslike, Fergus more friendly and inclusive. Her attention was brought back to the boardroom when Olena Spivak was brought in.
She again sat at the end of the table. “Ms. Spivak,” Madison began. “What’s the status of your efforts against the dock workers.”
Olena clasped her hands on the table, “We have approached the dockworkers in various places and times and mentioned to them our unhappiness with their insistence on holding onto such archaic ideas.”
Kyler Borman snorted. “You mean you sent bully boys against them and the union is still not budging, don’t you?”
Abigail watched Olena’s eyes. They went steely as she tipped her head slightly to Kyler. Abigail got a chill.
“True,” Olena answered. “The workers seem to be quite attached to their union.”
“Can you use more force?” Anthony Spiro asked. “Make them see the error of their ways?”
Olena shrugged. “Anything is possible. We do find, however, that the more managerial methods are more successful.”
Genko Fujimori said, “You’re talking about offering better wages, working conditions and so on.”
“Yes,” she observed each man at the table. “It’s basic human psychology. If you try to take something away from someone by force, they just hold onto it all the tighter. Offer something better, they’ll drop what they have now. Then, once the union is gone, you can squeeze the concessions out of them.”
Odious witch. Abigail inspected her pad. Her ancestors probably held slaves.
“That’s going to cost money,” Zafer Heglund said. “And a lot of it if we offer them better terms than they have now.”
Faraz Nadar slapped his hand on the table. “I like it. A little money invested now, a big return later.”
Abigail studied her father. He had on what she called his Board Room face. But she knew him. He disliked squeezing the workers too much. It was one thing to get cost efficiencies but something else to squeeze so hard that the people who worked for him couldn’t afford to buy what he was shipping. 
He spoke into a break in the conversation. “Do we have a consensus then? Offer the union membership concessions?”
The men all said, “Aye.”
“Carried then. Thank you for your time today Ms. Spivak. I’ll have our HR contact you for further details.” 
She stood and walked to the door. “Thank you, gentlemen.”
He waited until the door closed. “We also have business today with Mr. Gillespie. We asked him to get the dock workers to reduce their salary demands. He’s here to discuss his progress.”
Arthur punched a button on his pad. A few moments later the room door slid open and Conway came in. He went to the empty chair at the end of the table, giving Abigail a small nod and smile. 
“Gentlemen, Ms. Madison,” he said as he settled into the chair.
“Mr. Gillespie,” Arthur returned the greeting. “Let’s get down to business. How are you faring in your efforts to get the dock worker union to decrease their demands?”
“I’m following the union’s committee discussions as they consider your proposal.” He shifted in his chair. “It’s not good. They’ve uncovered your financials and know that you’re making more than enough profits to share the wealth, so to speak.”
John Waters glared. “You said you could get them to decrease their rates by the election.”
“There’s still two months until the election, gentlemen. I’ll have it done by then.”
Arthur glanced around the table. No one seemed disposed to say anything else. “Thank you Mr. Gillespie. We appreciate your time.”
Abigail had caught a tiny flash of anger on Conway’s face then it was gone. It confirmed her feeling from her first meeting with him at her welcome ball. He’s dangerous. Just as dangerous as Kyler Borman. Her stomach knotted. 
She felt the tension in the air after Conway left. “Gentlemen we have one more bit of happier business this morning,” he said as he signaled his secretary on his pad. “The interim Station manager, Fergus Boylan, is here to talk about the V’Heeme.”
He no more than finished his statement when the door slid open and Fergus entered the room. He grinned widely at the sight of Abigail, sitting across from the door. “Ms. Madison, gentlemen, he said as he walked to the open chair. “You’re all probably most interested in the status of the V’Heeme ship arriving just a few hours from now.”
“Thank you, Fergus, yes, what’s the status?” Arthur said.
“Of course you’re already tracking the arrival time on the ship boards, so you know they’ll dock at 2000 hours tonight. Their dock and living quarters have been fully sealed and their atmosphere is in. The entire V’Heeme section of the Station is ready for them.”
“They haven’t sent their manifest over yet?” Faraz Nadar asked. “It’s usually transmitted in advance.”
“I agree, Mr. Nadar, that’s the usual procedure but they haven’t transmitted it yet.”
Faraz nodded. Abigail knew the V’Heeme were erratic, at least to human eyes. They might not send it at all or they might not trade at all. This could be the permanent crew being brought in. No one knew.
Her father spoke, “And what about the Station Manager election, Mr. Boylan. How is that coming along?”
“Well,” Fergus glanced down at his pad. “The software is being loaded. Testing will take place over the next week. We’re right on schedule for the elections to take place in two months.”
Arthur stood up as Fergus stood to leave. They shook hands at the end of the table. Abigail smiled at Fergus as he turned to go out. Hmmm, Dad didn’t shake hands with Conway or Olena.
#
At nineteen hundred hours Fergus was pacing across the deck of Station Control. He listened to the static-laden whistling that passed for V’Heeme language and the computer generated translations for the human crew. He’d stopped running his hands through his hair, now he was chewing a hang-nail on his right thumb.
The docking tech was doing her job, directing the V’Heeme ship into its assigned dock. Everyone seemed calm but him. The port master was in his chair, watching the monitors. He hadn’t said a word in over an hour. 
The cameras caught the V’Heeme ship moving into position. It appeared to be going entirely too fast as far as Fergus was concerned. “What about…?”
“Mr. Boylan,” the Port Master said quietly, never taking his eyes off of the monitors. “You promised to remain quiet.”
“Yes, yes of course.” Fergus paced across the floor again. The monitors switched to a view from the dock camera. The Station had been taking ship traffic since it was less than a skeleton. He didn’t know why the V’Heeme ship was so important to him. Station Control docked ships all the time. There was nothing irregular in the communications from the V’Heeme. He stopped chewing at the hang-nail and stuck his hand in his pocket. 
The monitors showed the ship moving gently to the dock, the docking clamps came out and attached to the ship. The umbilical, with Station comm cables, water and methane hoses reached out and attached to the V’Heeme ship. He heard the V’Heeme chatter over the umbilical come in through the speakers. He froze in place then sighed. 
The Port Master got out of his chair and walked over to the tech. Fergus could just hear him say, “Good job.” He turned to Boylan. “Fergus, I told you it would be alright. You’re a bundle of nerves and you’re making my team jumpy. Go home. Get some rest.”
Laughing, Fergus responded, “You’re right. I was just so nervous about the V’Heeme docking without incident. We need that trade coming in; we couldn’t afford anything to go wrong.”
The men shook hands. Fergus raised his voice so the whole room could hear. “Good job, everyone!”


TWENTY-SEVEN

Gilby was selecting fresh vegetables at one of the market stalls on Level 4. His wife had asked him to stop on his way home from work. Conway approached him.
“I heard a rumor, Gilby.” Conway spoke softly so the stall owner and the other shoppers couldn’t hear them. 
Gilby gripped his basket handle and turned to see who was next to him. “Conway, were you talking to me?”
Conway stopped examining the fresh beans and turned a feral grin on Gilby. “Why, yes, Gilby. It was an interesting rumor about a fellow who had too much to drink and got in a fight outside a bar in Belfast.”
Gilby moved his basket to his left hand as he faced Conway. “And what has that got to do with anything. Many a fella has had a bit too much and gotten into a fight.”
Conway edged closer, his eyes hard as diamonds, and dropped his voice. “Not everyone kills his opponent though.”
Gilby went red in the face and glanced around him. “And what are you implying?”
Conway grinned, but there was nothing friendly about it. “Well,” he picked up a small basket of strawberries, turned it around as he examined it, and set it back on the pile. “Some people might find it distasteful to have a man in a position of responsibility who’d killed a man.”
“What do you mean?” Gilby forced his words through his teeth. 
“Just that such a man might want to keep that kind of rumor to himself.” Conway shrugged. “Perhaps that man might want to do a favor for someone who keeps that kind of thing out of the public ear.”
Gilby twisted the basket handle, sweat beading on his temples. “What if the man didn’t care what people gossiped about?”
“That would be a shame. Perhaps the man’s wife would be shocked.” He moved away a step to examine the zucchini on display. “Maybe she’d be so shocked that she’d leave the man.” Conway glanced sideways at Gilby who had gone rigid, his eyes drilled into Conway. Conway gave a little shrug. “Maybe she’d take the children too, not wanting such a monster to associate with such innocent little angels.”
“It was an accident,” Gilby whispered. The words were forced, strangled out of his throat.
“Oh, I’m sure it was. But it wasn’t reported, was it?” Conway’s voice became louder. Will he attack me or give in?
Gilby’s eyes darted around the area to see if anyone heard. “Shh, keep it down.” 
Just a little more now, Gilby, Conway thought. You’re almost mine. Conway put down the cucumber he was inspecting, dusted his hands off and took a step away.
“Wait,” Gilby called out. “What kind of favor.”
Got you. Conway relaxed. “Nothing much. Just encourage your dock workers to take a cut in pay rates.”
Gilby stared, mouth halfway open. “You must be crazy. They’re not going to take a cut!”
“Oh, I’m sure such a brilliant leader as yourself can convince them to give a little to the shippers.”
Gilby shook his head. “It’s not going to happen, Conway. The committee has found the shipper’s financials. They don’t need a cut from us. Word is out all over the docks.”
Frustrated, Conway went right up to Gilby, finger in his face. “You will find a way or the next person to find out about your past will be in Station Security.”
Stepping back to get out of Conway’s face, Gilby slumped. “I’ll try. I can’t guarantee anything.”
“Do more than try, Gilby, if you want your family to stay together.” Conway glared at him, then turned and walked away.


TWENTY-EIGHT

It was just a week until the Station Manager election. Fergus was on his way to the Computer Operations room. 
Inside, he was taken to Molly Ashe, the department Chairperson. The young tech escorting him knocked on her cubicle frame. “Ms. Ashe, Mr. Boylan to see you.” He left Fergus at the door.
She glanced up from her pad. “Fergus, I’m glad you’re here.”
He noticed she wasn’t smiling. “What’s the matter, Molly?”
“We’re having trouble with the election software.” She looked grim. She left her desk and led him through the office space.
She didn’t say anything until she reached a desk. “Fergus, this is Glenna Wrenn. I assigned her to load and test the election software.”
Fergus stuck out his hand, “Nice to meet you, Ms. Wrenn.” He was slightly taken aback. He’d heard that some of the younger people, especially the techies, liked to dress to antagonize. This type of leather, studs and tattoos were usually found on the construction workers. Somehow the techies had picked it up all across the system and taken it as their own. 
She shook his hand. “Mr. Boylan.”
Fergus searched Molly's face. “What’s the problem?”
Molly nodded at the tech. “Show us, Glenna.”
Glenna tapped a few keys and a ballot appeared on the monitor. “It’s like this,” she began. “This is a simulation of a ballot. I type in my name,” and she did it while she spoke, “and then check the office I want and the name of the candidate I’m voting for. I hit the enter button.” The monitor cleared. 
“Now,” she tapped a few more keys, “I’m signing in as the election auditor.” The screen showed the electronic tally of offices and the votes each candidate for that office received. “I’ve done this one hundred times. I voted for each candidate an equal number of times, so, for example, I should see the office, Station Manager, and four candidates, with 25 votes each.” She turned to study Fergus. “You can see - one candidate has three times more votes than the other candidates.” 
Fergus stared at the screen. “How is that possible? This is the best election software I could buy!”
Molly shook her head, “I don’t know. It seems like one out of every three votes is going to a single candidate. Votes are never taken from the candidate getting the additional votes. Here’s the real puzzler, it’s never the same candidate twice.”
Fergus closed his eyes. This cannot be happening. “Different candidate wins every time?”
Molly and Glenna nodded. 
“How are you fixing it?”
“I’ve asked permission from the providers and with their help, we’re locating the glitches in the code and fixing them,” Glenna said, swiveling her chair from side to side. 
“How did the code get corrupted?” Fergus raised his hand to run through his hair but stopped himself, hand halfway to his head. He jammed his hand into his pocket. 
Molly shrugged. “We don’t know. The programmers from the company are as puzzled as we are. But, the good news, Fergus…”
“Oh good,” he sighed with relief. “There’s some good news.” 
Molly smiled. “We think it’ll be cleaned up the day before the election.”
Fergus didn’t smile. “Think?”
“Best we can do. There’s a lot of code to go through to make sure it’s clean.”
“Sure, I understand. Thank you, Ms. Wrenn. I appreciate you bringing this to Ms. Ashe’s attention.” She nodded and turned back to her work.
Molly and Fergus walked to the door. “I don’t want to get into your staff’s backgrounds, Molly, but is Ms. Wrenn clean?”
Nodding, Molly stepped into the corridor with him, closing the door behind her. “I know what you’re asking Fergus. Did she corrupt the software? We took these people from Ireland, Fergus. They’re as clean as we could find out before we hired them on and brought them to Gulliver. If she created the corruption, why would she report the problem to me?” She folded her arms across her chest. 
He patted her on the upper arm. “Thanks, Molly. I just wanted to be sure.”
#
Brody Skerry was in the breakroom. The lunch his wife packed him was spread on the table in front of him, a cup of coffee steamed beside it. 
Edan Majar slid into the seat beside him. He gently tossed a recycled cardboard clamshell box onto the table. He pulled a squeeze bulb of iced tea out of his pocket. “Ah, lunch time, my favorite part of the work day.”
“After quittin’ time, you mean,” Conall Devlin jabbed him in the arm. 
The men at the table all laughed. “True,” Edan laughed with them. “But this is better than humpin’ shippin’ crates around a freezin’ loading dock.”
“Hey,” Ferris Argall broke in. “Are you all goin’ to the meetin’ next week? We’re votin’ on the shipper request for a rate decrease.”
“I am,” Brody said around a mouthful of stew. “I’m votin’ no.”
“What about Gilby?” Conall asked. “He’s sayin’ it’s a good thing, keeps the shippers here on Gulliver.”
Brody scowled as he crumbled more crackers into his stew, so Ferris spoke. “But Brody and the committee found out that the shippers are rakin’ it in. They don’t need no rate decrease. Why in the far heavens would we cut them a break?”
“But Gilby said…” Conall started to say.
“He’s been bought,” Brody spit out. “That’s the only thing that makes sense.” His gaze went around the table. “He’s a friend of mine, but something’s happened. He used ta agree with us. Now, all of a sudden, he’s pushin’ for the union to take the cut.” He shook his head as he went back to his stew. “Nah, he’s been bought.”
The table went quiet as they digested that bit of speculation. “What about the Station Manager election? I’m thinkin’ Conway’s man, Liam, myself. Conway’s a Union man. He knows what kind of man we want.” Ferris said, then took a bite of his sandwich. 
Conall nodded. “That’s true, started out at the bottom and see where he is now.”
The rest of the men looked at Brody. “I wish Fergus was runnin’, that I do.” He sipped his coffee while his friends waited. “But I don’t trust Conway. If I had to guess, he’s the reason Gilby has turned.” He shook his head as he stirred his stew around in the bowl. “No, I’m votin’ Gill Caniff. He’s Fergus’ man.” He viewed his friends. “You boyo’s can vote for whoever you want. But I’m votin’ Gill.”


TWENTY-NINE

After work, Brody stayed behind in the locker room to answer a call from his wife, Emma. “Go on ahead, fellas, he told his friends. “I’ll be right there.” 
“Yeah, Em, I just finished up in the locker room. The fellas just left.”
“Are ya stoppin’ for a beer? I want ta know when ta have your supper ready.”
“Yeah, I’ll be home about 1830.”
“It's roast chicken tonight.”
“Wouldn’t miss it, Em. Love ya.”
“You too, babe.”
Brody clicked off. He dropped the communicator in his pocket and closed his locker door. He was coming out of the locker room when two guys grabbed him, one on each arm. The smallest guy of the three, but still bigger than Brody, stood in front of him. “You Brody Skerry?”
Brody swallowed. Damn, I’m in for it now. He struggled a little but the two men had his arms in a solid grip. “Yeah, what of it?”
“We heard you’re against a reasonable reduction in the shippers' rates.”
Brody spat on the deck in front of the man. “So? What’s that to you?”
“Me? Nothin’ ta me. But other people, well, they don’t like such a disagreeable attitude.” He cracked his knuckles. “Now why don’t you be reasonable?”
“You can go fu…” Brody began when the man punched him in the stomach. Brody’s breath whooshed out of his body. He sagged against the men holding him as his knees gave out with the pain.
“Now, now,” the bully told him. “Mind your language.”
Brody got his feet under him again. “I’m not votin’ for a decrease, you motherfu…”
The man punched him in the stomach again, then in the face. “I told you to mind your language.”
Blood poured out of Brody’s nose. The pain from his head and his stomach seemed to meet in his neck. He felt like vomiting. The men holding him pulled him to his feet.
“You union boys want to have it all your way. That’s not gonna happen. You’re gonna vote for the decrease and you’re gonna tell all your friends to do the same.” He punched Brody in the face again, then the other side, then twice in the stomach. 
Brody dropped to his knees. The bullies let go of his arms and let him fall. “Now, Mr. Skerry. This is just a warnin', so to speak. If you don’t do what we’ve asked, well, who knows what might happen to little red-haired women.”
Brody struggled to his hands and knees, “You threaten my wife?” But before he could rise, one of the other guys kicked him in the ribs. He fell over onto his back, blood dripping onto the deck.
“Now, now, Mr. Skerry, not a threat.” The man signaled his partners. One kicked him in the ribs again. Brody groaned as he tried to roll into a ball. 
“It’s a promise.”
#
Conway had both Darby Flynn and Eamon Lenox in his office. “Who ordered that dockworker beat yesterday?” he yelled, spittle flying from his lips. “Who did it?”
Darby and Eamon shrank back into their chairs. “I don’t know!” Eamon cried out. 
“It wasn’t me, Conway!” Darby cowered. 
Conway pounded his desk. “Then who did it?” He leapt out of his chair and paced back and forth across his tiny office. He flung out his hand to point at the two. They both flinched. “Somebody’s pounding on the union guys. This isn’t the first time either. Idiots. They’ll just get stubborn.”
He slammed a third, empty chair against the end wall. The two men flinched again. “Find out!” he yelled at them. “Find out today. I want to know who is doing the beat downs and who hired them.” 
They hustled out of the office. Behind them, they heard Conway kick one of the chairs across the room.


THIRTY

Two days later Brody walked along the corridor leading from the locker room to the dock, moving slowly with the pain of his broken ribs. Dock workers surrounded the area around the corridor mouth and cheered as he walked out onto the dock. 
He stopped in surprise, a blush creeping up his neck and ears. He held a hand up, trying to stop the noise. “Thanks guys.”
“Hey, Brody, those guys really threaten your wife?”
He nodded. The crowd growled.
“Sons a bitches! They told you to vote for the decrease?”
“Yeah, they did.” The sound of the crowd was deafening. They were all yelling obscenities.
He held up his hand again. They finally quieted. “I don’t know much, but I know I’m not votin’ for no damn decrease.”
The noise was louder than before. All the men began cheering, crowding around him to slap him on the back and pledge that they wouldn’t vote for it either. 
They drifted off one by one after they talked to him. Last was Amos Fontes. The dock master studied Brody’s black eyes and broken nose. “You took a real beat down, Brody.” 
Brody nodded. “Yeah, not movin’ too good today.”
“That’s alright. You just count today, no liftin’.”
They walked together along the docks to where the freighter, King’s Glory, was berthed. “You know who did it?”
Brody shook his head. “No. If I did I’d go do somethin’ about it with some of the boys.”
Amos nodded. “You boys are new to the game.”
Brody stared at him. “Whattya mean?”
Amos kept his eyes straight ahead. “When the shippers don’t want to pay, they hire union busters.”
“They want to break the union? It wasn’t about the vote?”
“Oh no, it was about the vote, but that’s just the first step, Brody. The men respect you, you could see that today. That’s why you were the one to take a beating.” He looked at Brody.
“They want us cheap.”
Amos nodded. “As cheap as they can get. For nothin’ if they can arrange it.”
Brody ground his teeth together then winced as the pain from the punches shot through his jaw. That just made him angrier. “Well, I ain’t cheap.” He nodded down the dock at the men and women working. “And they ain’t cheap either.”
Amos clapped him on the back. “Good boy. If we hang together, they can’t win.”
#
The Shippers' board met at 1400 the day Brody returned to work. Olena Spivak was at the end of the table.
“Ms. Spivak,” Arthur Madison began after she’d been seated. “The news reports are full of the beating delivered to Mr. Skerry. They’re full of interviews of dock workers, and worse, other unions' workers, furious at the attack and vowing to never bend. Do you have an explanation?”
She folded her hands calmly on the table, glancing at each man in turn. “It’s simply one of many steps in the process of bringing the unions down.”
“One step you say. But from what I saw on the Station news reports, we’ve taken a huge step backward, Ms. Spivak.” John Waters drummed his fingers on the polished table. “What are we paying you for? The unions have strengthened, not weakened.”
“Mr. Brody was an example, gentlemen.” Her slate blue eyes hardened. “Do you believe every one of those dock workers has the strength of character Mr. Sperry has?” She paused, “Of course not.” 
“But they’re all backing him,” Shiva Sindar said quietly. “They’ll never vote for the reduction.”
“Perhaps, perhaps not. But some are thinking, 'What about the next time?' The next vote, they’ll start thinking about Brody Skerry and the threat on his wife. They’ll think about how it would feel to get the beating Skerry took. Those men are going to think about giving in. And they aren't going to stand alone in their treachery, oh no. They'll talk a few of their weaker breathren into giving in.”
She searched their faces again. “And that, gentlemen, is how we’ll win against the unions. One weak man or woman at a time.”
After she left, the men began talking. “This is going to take years,” Kyler Borman said. “It’s going to cost thousands, maybe millions of credits.”
Genko Fujimori brushed imaginary dust from his silk brocade tunic. “Over the short term, yes,” he said softly. “But crushing the unions on Gulliver will save us millions of credits in the long run. There is no hurry. It will be done.”
“And what about the dock worker’s vote? It’s in a couple of days and from the anger of the dock workers I saw on the news vids, they’re in no mood to back down.” Faraz Nadar tugged at the sleeves of his tunic. 
“I have Conway Gillespie coming in next. Are we ready to ask him what his status is?” Andrew glanced around the table.
The men around the table nodded. Conway was called in and sat at the end of the table. He could feel the anger in the room, so he took a deep breath to calm the adrenaline beginning to flow through his own system. “Gentlemen.”
“Mr. Gillespie,” Arthur began. “The dock workers vote in a few days. Have you succeeded in convincing them to vote for a decrease?”
“As you know, the dock workers obtained your financial records. They know you’re not suffering from any hardship because of the rates.”
Anthony Spiro slapped the table. “You said you’d get them to vote for that decrease by the election. Are you saying you’ve failed?”
Conway gave them a small smile. “Of course not. The election is still a few days away. I have some options still working.”
“So you don’t have a clue, really. Is what you’re saying?” Kyler pushed. “You can’t deliver.”
Conway thought about getting Kyler Borman in a dark part of the Station, but cleared the thought from his mind. “Not at all, Mr. Borman, I simply said I still have some options in progress.”
Arthur rapped his knuckles on the table. “Then we’ll leave you to it, Mr. Gillespie.”
Conway gave an abbreviated bow while seated, then got up and left the room.
“He’s not going to get it done,” Kyler spat. “All promises, no action.”
“Take it easy, Kyler," Zafer Heglund said. “He’s just one man. He can’t make all of the dock workers do what he wants.”
“But that’s what we’re paying him for,” Kyle snarled. 
“If he fails,” Genko smiled, “we’ll get free use of his services later, and he will succeed in weakening the unions. Oh yes, he’ll succeed this time or the next.”
#
Conway ground his teeth all the way back to his office. Who do they think they are! I said I’d get the job done. Damn those dock workers! What’s Gilby doing anyway? He’s supposed to be getting those stubborn asses with the program.
People moved out of the way as he stalked along the concourses, the anger was radiating off of him like heat waves. He punched the door button and he had to resist the urge to kick it as it slid open. As it glided closed he pulled his communicator out of his pocket, stabbing the numbers with his finger. 
“Eamon, here.”
“What have you found?” Conway growled into the device as he paced the room.
“There’s some guys here, staying on Level 3. They keep to themselves, order food into their rooms. Only associate with each other.”
“Who are they working for?”
“I don’t know. Darby’s lookin’ inta that.”
Conway clicked off. He stabbed Darby’s number. “What have you found?”
“I’ve got Nola tracking the room charges.”
“Have her call me directly.” He clicked off.


THIRTY-ONE

Fergus and Jerrell Gass were at Molly Ashe’s office. “What’s up Molly?” Fergus asked her when they were shown to her desk.
Leading them to a conference room, she shut the door. A monitor and keypad were on the table. “Pull up a chair, I’ve got something to show you.”
The two men sat on either side of her as she sat at the keypad. “Fergus,” she told them as she typed commands into the pad, “I got to wondering the other day after you left here. So I did a little digging.”
The election test came up on her monitor. “I contacted the producer of the election software and asked for a new copy. I had their chief of security and one of their techs work with me on this.” She typed in her name in the test ballot, selected Station Manager and Gill Caniff’s name. She hit Enter. Then she pulled up the auditing section. “See, I ran the same test as Glenna did. On the new software directly from the company, the election test comes back clean. Each candidate got 25 votes.” She sat back in her chair and watched the men. 
“What does this mean?” Gass asked, peering at the screen. 
“Correct me if I’m wrong, Molly, but it means that Glenna, or someone, has hacked the first program.” Fergus looked to Molly for confirmation.
“True, Fergus.” She bit at her lip. “What I don’t understand is why she’d do something to the program then report a problem.”
Elbow on the arm of his chair, Gass chewed a thumbnail. He took a deep breath. “To cover up something she wants kept hidden. If she made a little change, she’s going to cover it up with a bigger one. Then, when she fixes it, her desired change will stay hidden.”
“But what about the provider’s team, won’t they spot it?” Fergus asked. 
“Not necessarily,” Molly reached out and cleared the screen. “If they’re working as a team, they trust each other to do their own work, right?
Gass nodded. “Yeah, they’re going into the fix with the assumption that everyone on the team is honest and searching for errors in the code. They’d divide the work up, everyone taking a section. No one is checking the other’s work, since they’re all on the same team.”
“That’s it then,” Molly sighed. “She managed to get the section she wants to remain corrupted assigned to her, so she can make sure the change she made stays in the software.”
“But can we prove it?” Fergus asked, “I’d hate to accuse her then find out we were wrong.”
Molly sighed. “I’ll ask the provider to go over the work the team has been doing, without telling the team.” She slumped into her chair. “I’m sorry, Fergus. I know how important this first election is to you.”
He patted her hand, resting on the arm of her chair. “As fast as you can Molly, the election is in two days.”



THIRTY-TWO

“What have you got for me, Molly?” Fergus was sitting in the Level 4 market when she called. It was after first shift and the place was busy with people shopping before they went home to supper. 
“I convinced the software providers to let me use the clean copy while they track down the errors in the copy the team was supposed to have cleared.” She sounded tired.
“When’s the last time you slept?” Fergus asked.
“Oh, I’m fine,” he heard her say. “I napped on my desk.”
He shook his head. “Molly!”
“Don’t fuss at me, Fergus Boylan. I watched you go four days without sleep not more than nine months ago when the Station was getting ready to accept the new colonists.”
“True,” he sighed. “But I don’t recommend it for my friends.”
“Well, I don’t recommend it either, but it had to be done.” 
“When will they figure out if there’s a problem?”
“It’s going to be after the election, Fergus. It’s a lot of code and they don’t know where it might be hidden.”
“You’re keeping an eye on Glenna?”
“Yeah, I’ve loaded the clean program myself. She doesn’t know about it.”
“Good,” he scratched at his head, standing the hair straight up. “Get some sleep.”
“After the election, Fergus.” She clicked off.
He rubbed his face. He was tired but too wired up about the election to sleep. The V’Heeme had traded their cargo in their usual confused fashion and took on new cargo, leaving two days ago. They left a permanent crew in the V’Heeme quarters. Alexis had stayed on a couple more days after their ship left, to make sure there were no problems with the methane breathers' residences. 
“Thanks, Alexis.” Fergus shook his hand on the dock before Alexis boarded the ship for his next assignment. “Always a pleasure working with you.”
“Same here, Fergus. There’s rumor of a new station being built out in Sector Twelve. You in?”
Fergus shook his head, “No, I need a break. Besides, I still have to hand-hold the new Station Manager for a month after the elections.”
Alexis slapped his friend on the shoulder, “Stay in touch then.”
“I will.” Fergus waved his friend up the boarding ramp.
Now he sat in the market, watching the people go by. What are you going to do with yourself, Fergus? You’re about to be out of a job. 
He left two credits on the table for the waitress and began walking through the market. He stopped at Ms. Ram’s stall. “Hello, Ms. Ram,” he said as her customer left. “Any trouble lately?”
“Mr. Boylan, good to see you.” She hurried over and shook his hand. “No trouble. Thank you.”
“That’s what we’re here for Ms. Ram. We put up additional monitors; that should help us in case someone else tries to shake you down.”
“They were punks, Mr. Boylan. It’s all good now.”
He moved on, grabbing a kabob from one vendor, a piece of fruit for dessert from another. He wandered down to Level 3 and walked through the BioDome. Then into the core and visited the computer rooms, pump rooms and even the shelters. On Level 8 he wandered into the Command Center and stopped in Station Security. Gass was in his office.
“Boylan, come in,” he said when Fergus knocked on the door. “Anything wrong?”
Fergus flopped in the chair in front of his desk. “No, just doing a final check of the Station.” 
Gass raised an eyebrow. “You look like you lost your puppy.” He opened a desk drawer and brought out a bottle and two cups. 
Fergus shrugged.
Gass poured and handed Fergus a cup. “Here’s to a job well done.”
They raised their cups and drank. “You’re saying goodbye to the Station.” He rocked back in his chair. “You’ve been working on it for years, Fergus, you deserve a goodbye.”
“True,” he sipped at the whisky. “I’ll be around for awhile - I still have to transition the Station.”
“Any plans for after that?”
Fergus shook his head. “No. Not really. Alexis told me a new Station’s planned for Sector Twelve. I might check that out.”
Gass drank then slammed the cup on the desk. Fergus jumped at the noise. “What about Abigail?”
“What about her?” he shrugged. “Yeah, we made up. But that’s not a permanent relationship.”
“You’re a fool.” Gass glared at his friend. “You’re done here, for the most part. Go after her!”
“And what do I have to offer? Another Station? Gone three or more years before there would even be quarters fit for her to live in?”
Gass rubbed his cropped hair. “Don’t be a fool, Fergus.”
Fergus shook his head. “I can’t see it, Jerrell. She’s a refined young woman and I’m just a project manager.”
“You’re a knothead, I know that,” he snorted. “You can manage any project, it doesn’t have to be a new space station.”
Fergus stared at him. “What do you mean?”
Gass rolled his eyes, “There are some big companies on this Station. Get a job with one of them! Good project managers are hard to come by and you’re one of the best.”
“I don’t know.” He drank the last of his whisky down. “I’d have to think about it.”
Shaking his head, Gass said, “Yeah, you do that. Stay out of trouble tonight.”
“Yeah, sure,” Fergus left the office.
In the elevator down to Level 5 and his apartment he thought: a job here on the Station? Stay in one place? He shook his head, I don’t know.
#
At 0545 the next morning Fergus was in Molly’s office, pacing up and down outside her cubicle. He had a coffee cup in his hand but it was empty.
“Fergus, for all that’s holy, stop pacing!” Molly called through her cubical door. “Go get us some more coffee if you can’t sit still. You’re making my staff nervous.” She held her cup out. 
The people sitting near her cube grinned at him. Fergus shrugged sheepishly and took the cups over to the office coffee machine. He took a deep breath. She’s right, Fergus. Wearing a hole in her office carpet isn’t going to help.
He put her full cup on her desk and plopped into the chair next to it. Quietly he asked, “She didn’t get to the software did she?”
Molly glanced out the cube door, then back to Fergus. “No, I was here all night. She was at her desk working with the provider’s team. She thinks her version is going live. I’m watching her screen now.”
She turned the monitor so he could see. He could see a lot of keystrokes but it all looked like V’Heeme to him. “What’s she doing?”
Molly didn’t take her eyes away from the screen. “She’s finalizing the implementation. At least she thinks she is. I isolated her computer to a specific part of the mainframe. That program goes nowhere.”
Fergus checked the bottom right corner of the screen. “Voting starts in a minute thirty seconds. Will it be ready?”
She grinned. “It’s ready now. People can sign-in any time from 0600 to 2100 tonight and vote.” She tapped a few keys and waited. “Here, it’s 0600, want to cast your vote?” She handed him the keyboard.
In his surprise, he hesitated. He put his cup down. “Yeah.” He took the keyboard with shaky hands. He'd been waiting years for this moment. Within just a few seconds Fergus filed his ballot for Gill Caniff and his Level Representative. He handed the keyboard back. She voted too, then called up the Election Audit program. 
“See, votes are coming in already.” She grinned. “Congratuations, Fergus!”
He sat back in the chair, watching the numbers rise on ballots cast. He checked Molly's face. “What about Glenna?”
“Wait for it.”
A few seconds later, Glenna stopped by the cube. “Mr. Boylan,” she acknowledged Fergus. “Molly. I guess it’s live. You need anything else?”
“No. Thank you for the last two days, Glenna. I appreciate all of your hard work. What did the provider techs say?”
Glenna rubbed at her ear. “They think we caught everything. I guess we’ll see.”
Molly nodded. “Good job, go home. I appreciate the work.”
Glenna nodded, her eyes bloodshot from the thirty-six hour shift.
After she left Fergus asked softly, “She didn’t know you locked her out?”
Molly shook her head. “No, she was focused on her copy of the software. I told her I’d help get it up. She has no idea I had another copy.”
“When will we know if she was involved?”
Molly stuck her lower lip out then shrugged, “Maybe today, maybe tomorrow. I’ll call you.”
Fergus nodded, watching the ballot numbers climb. “Keep me posted?”
“I will.”
He grabbed his cup and headed to Gass’s office. “Any trouble?” he asked as he arrived in the briefing area.
“A little early for trouble, Fergus. It’s only 0615. Wait till people have at least had their coffee.”
“Oh, yeah.” He felt a little foolish. 
“Shift change is in forty-five minutes. If there’s a problem, Fergus, I’ll let you know.”
Gass went back to watching his monitors. Foot traffic in the markets was picking up as people stopped to have something to eat before heading to work. Concourses were seeing more traffic as people went to about their business. Fergus turned and left. He was on edge even though he had a hard time sleeping last night. The coffee he'd had in Computer Ops was sloshing in his stomach like so much acid so he decided to get something to eat.
He went down to Level 4, preferring its atmosphere to that on Level 6. He stopped in his favorite breakfast place, The Green Hills café and ordered two eggs sunny side up and white toast. As a splurge, he ordered some melon to start. The waitress brought the coffee and melon together. He felt so strange, just sitting and enjoying breakfast when everyone else was in high gear getting to work. He speared a melon cube. It was a light green and smelled faintly of rain-washed grass. Putting it into his mouth, he sighed with pleasure. The flesh was soft but not too soft, and as his teeth went through it, he got the cool flavor of summer. Juice exploded out of the little cube, making the bite even better. He knew this was some of the first melon out of the hydroponic farm, making his enjoyment all the more sweet. This melon hadn’t seen the real sun in all of its short life so it was wonderful that the scientists could get summer sun into its flavor.
The eggs and toast came as he finished his last bite of melon. He was glad he’d splurged on the fruit. After breakfast he went to his office. There was a lot of paperwork still to do to finalize the completion of the Station. He had to get it done before he handed it over to the new Station Manager.
At 1117 he received a call from Gass. “We’ve got a fight on Level 3.”
“Anything serious?”
“Third shift yabos drinking and disagreeing on the best choice for Station Manager.”
Fergus sighed. “You’ve got it handled?”
“No problem. I knew you’d want to be informed.”
“Thanks, Gass.”
“Hang in there, Fergus.”
Fergus stretched, he’d been focused on his paperwork for hours. He decided to go see Molly. A few minutes later he stuck his head in her cubicle door. “Anything up?”
She had a report on her monitor. “No, I’ve got an alarm set for anything out of statistical range on the election. No alarms.” She pulled up the auditor. “See, all good.”
Fergus studied the monitor. Everyone on the Station, aged sixteen and over, was allowed to vote. He could see about 46 percent of the registered population had already voted. “What about Glenna?”
“Nothing yet, I’ll call you.”
“Thanks, Molly.”
She waved good bye as she called her report back up onto her screen. 
He realized he was exhausted. The Station seemed to be running just fine without him so he did something unusual. He went to his apartment and took a nap. 
#
The Dockworkers' Union had a small scale election system set up in their meeting room on Level 2. Starting at 0600, the dock workers were lined up at a set of monitors to vote on the Shipper's request for a rate decrease. 
Brody arrived at 0615. A cheer went up around the room when he entered. He waved and blushed. Amos was in the room, one of the supervising monitors there to make sure only members in good standing voted. 
"You're popular this morning," he said to Brody as he checked him off the register. 
"Yeah, I guess," Brody shrugged. "It's a little embarrassing."
Amos nodded. "You're a natural leader, Brody. Even if a few of the membership don't like you, they respect your opinion." He noticed Brody watching the lines. "You've never voted in one of these before, have you?"
"No, first time."
Amos clapped him on the shoulder. "Nothin' to it. You voted in the Station elections before you came to work, didn't ya."
"Yeah, it was easy."
"Same thing here. Pick any line, they move fast. You'll be out of here in five minutes."
"Thanks, Amos. I appreciate it." Brody shook his hand.
"That's what I'm here for."
Brody walked over to the nearest line and before he knew it, he was at the monitor. Amos was right, he thought as he used the remote control to make his selections. This is easy. He finished his vote and was out of the door of the meeting room in four minutes. He felt good all day.


THIRTY-THREE

On Election Day, Dillon and Aine sat on their living room sofa, monitor control in hand. Dillon had to leave for work in a few minutes but first, they were going to vote for the very first time.
Aine had read everything the Station had put up on the monitor about elections, voting and its importance. She insisted Dillon read it all too. She wouldn’t hear of any excuses from him about being too tired. “Do it on your day off then,” she scolded him. “This is why we left Earth. It’s your civic responsibility.”
Dillon complained to Brody about his wife’s new obsession. “She makes me talk to all of the candidates,” he told him while they were on break. “I just want to watch a vid or something, have a beer and go to bed. But no, she not only drags me out, she has questions! Written out for me to ask.”
Brody laughed. “Do you ask them?”
Dillon tugged at an ear. “Yeah! If I don’t, she pokes me with her finger right in the ribs until I do.” He felt like a puppy with too many children playing with him. “I felt bad for the one fella, runnin’ for our Level Representative.” He shook his head.
“What happened?” Brody finished his protein bar and had a sip of coffee to wash it down.
“Well, she found out about something shady he’d done when he first got here. She made me ask him about it.”
“What did he say?”
“He couldn’t get a word in. Somebody in the crowd knew about it, started yellin’ all the details out to the crowd. It was like starvin’ dogs after a steak. The guy ran.”
Brody laughed so hard tears flowed down his cheeks. “Well,” he gasped for breath, “good thing she made you ask about it.” 
So now, it was time. Aine handed Dillon the controller. “You go first,” she ordered. “It’s only right, you bein’ the man o’ the house.”
He took a breath and called up the election program. He keyed in his name and password then selected the Representative office and his chosen candidate. When he clicked enter, he turned to Aine and grinned. More confident, he called up the Station Manager office and made his selection there. Beaming, he handed her the controller. “Now you.”
She held the controller in her hand, stroking it, wiping away the little bit of dust on it. “This is for us, Dillon. And for our baby.” She stared at him, tears forming in her eyes.
He turned away from the monitor to her. “Baby?” Realization hit him. “Our baby? You’re pregnant?” He scooped her into his arms and kissed her. “What a way to tell a man!” He rocked her back and forth and wiped the tears from her face. “Well!” He wiped his own tears away. “Well, I don’t want to be late to work then, do I? Go ahead, you vote.”
Aine carefully, deliberately, punched in her name and her choices. Sighing after she finished the process, she smiled at her husband. “Now. Now we’re true citizens of Gulliver Station.”



THIRTY-FOUR

Nola Guinn was in Conway’s office. “It took awhile, sorry. I had to trace the money all over the system.”
“Who’s backing the attacks on the unions?”
“The shippers, here on Gulliver.” 
“What?”
She inspected her pad, “A company called Consolidated Management Consulting. The guys work for them, and the Shippers are paying Consolidated.”
“Scum-suckers.” He sat back in his chair. They didn’t trust me to get the dock workers to reduce their rates so they’ve hired this consulting company to bust the unions. He pounded his fist on the desk. “If they’d trusted me, we would have had the dock worker rate reduced by now.”
Nola sat back and crossed her legs. “What are you going to do?”
“First, I’m going to take care of these boyos they brought in. I don’t like competition. Then I’m going to the shippers, and tell them a thing or two.”
She arched an eyebrow. “Good luck with that.”
#
At 1600 Fergus woke up. He panicked for a moment, disoriented by sleeping in the afternoon. He grabbed his communicator and checked the time, falling back onto the pillow. A four hour nap, guess I needed it. He got up and splashed his face, realizing he felt better than he had in days. 
He was headed back to his office when he received a call from Gass. “Come on down to Level 3, Night Sky Residential Hotel, C3073.”
“Problem?” Fergus asked as he canceled the elevator ride to his office and hit the button for Level 3.
“We’ve got some murders.”
Fergus fidgeted the whole elevator ride to Level 3 then sprinted to the address Gass gave him.
Security Officers let him through. Gass had taped off the concourse three businesses on each side of the hotel.
In the hotel itself, there was an officer just inside the hotel door. He directed Fergus down the hall. He found another officer at a residential door. “In there,” he nodded toward the room. “Chief Gass is expecting you, Mr. Boylan.”
Fergus nodded to the guy and stepped inside the room door. He was glad to see that the bodies were already covered, though there was blood all over the walls, ceiling and floor. He called across the room. “Gass.”
“Tell the medics to come in with gurneys, the examiner is finished,” he told one of his officers. He picked his way around the bodies and broken furniture to talk to Fergus. 
As they talked they looked over the room. “It’s a blood-bath, Fergus. This room and two others right next door. Twelve guys in all.”
Fergus felt his stomach rolling. This wasn’t a dock brawl between overtired construction workers, this was a massacre. “What happened?”
Gass shook his head. “I can picture some of it. Forensics will do the rest. These guys were in the room,” he pointed, “that guy was watching a vid on the monitor. That guy was at the table, reading, two others were at that table playing cards. The door was broken open and these guys were all gunned down.”
Fergus stared around the room. “They didn’t fight?”
“No, by the time they knew what was going on, they were dead.”
“What about the other rooms?”
Gass rubbed at his face. “It must have been a coordinated attack, exactly the same time. All three rooms.”
Fergus ran his hand through his hair. “Targeted killing? Who are these guys?”
“'Yes' to the targeted. As to who they are, I don’t know. We’re running their docs now.”
Fergus tore his gaze away from the bodies. “You think the ID’s are false?”
Gass shrugged. “I don’t know. We’ll find out shortly.”
Fergus left the room, Gass followed. “You’ve taped off the concourse; rumor will have hit Level 9 by now. Is a statement ready?”
“Not yet. I want the forensics team to examine the rooms first.”
“Put a short statement out now, along the lines of there has been an incident and the Station Security office is examining the scene for evidence. More information will be shared after further investigation.”
“The residents will be calling the desk till the button light blows out.”
“Can’t be helped, Jerrell. The rumors are already flying. Let them know you’re on the job.”
Gass sighed. He sounded tired. “Yeah, statement forthcoming shortly.”
#
Fergus’ communicator buzzed, it was Molly. “Hello.” 
“We have something, come up as soon as you can.”
Perfect, just what I need. “I’ll be right up.”
It took a few minutes to walk to the elevator bank and ride up to Level 8 where the Computer Operations offices were. He had time to think. Who would want twelve visitors dead? How’d the killers get a weapon on the Station? And who were the dead guys? What was their business here? The thoughts kept chasing themselves around his mind until the elevator doors opened. His train of thought changed. Did Molly find proof?
Once in the office he went directly to Molly’s desk. “What’s up?”
“Hi, sorry to interrupt your day,” she said as she turned the monitor to the guest chair. 
“That’s alright.” He took a seat, thinking, Better than staring at bloody walls. “I take it you’ve found something.”
Molly tapped some keys. A screen full of programming language popped up. She pointed to some lines of code in the middle. “This is what Glenna was doing.”
Fergus peered at the lines she pointed out. “Is that Liam McFarlan’s name?” He turned to her in surprise.
She sat back into her chair. “It is. The code was to take every third vote from the other candidates and add it to his vote count.”
Running his hand through his hair he sank back into his seat. “What did the provider say?”
Molly kicked off a shoe and tucked her foot up under her. “They are more than annoyed. They pride themselves on secure election software and one of my people got into it and tampered with the code.”
“Are they going to press charges?” Fergus immediately thought about the cost of lawsuits on the still impoverished new Station.
“No,” she shook her head. “But they are taking note of what she did and she’ll be prosecuted for election tampering. In the trial they’ll be asking her how she got in and did it. The next iteration of software will protect against that form of tampering.”
“Good.” Fergus breathed a mental sigh of relief. He didn’t want to leave the Station and the new Station Manager with a big lawsuit. “I’ll call Gass. He’s got his hands full right now but she’s not going anywhere. He can pick her up anytime.”
“Sorry about this, Fergus, I really am.”
“Not your fault, Molly. I’m interested though, in who hired her to do it.”
He stood up. She rose with him, slipping her shoe back on. “I’ll walk you to the door.”
“Will you be bringing the results up to the Election Ball?” Fergus asked her.
She laughed. “Oh, no. I’m going directly to bed as soon as the tally is finished. I’ll send it to you. You can announce it.”
“Sure, but I thought you’d like to come to the party.”
“No. I’ve been up for days finding the error. I’m going to bed and sleep for two days.”
“You do that, then. I’ll be at the party wishing I was in bed too.”
#
In his office, he called the Command Center and put Glenna Wrenn’s name on the Alert List. He didn’t want her catching a ride off Station before Gass could pick her up. Then he called Gass.
“Hey, what’s your situation with the murders?” 
“The bodies have all been taken away. The forensics team is combing the apartments for clues.”
“I’ve got someone who needs to be picked up.”
“What for?”
“Election tampering. Glenna Wrenn. She got into the software and set it so that votes for other candidates would be tallied to Liam McFarlan’s count.”
Gass whistled. “First election out of the gate, someone is moving fast. You think it was McFarlan’s idea?”
Fergus shook his head. “No. I don’t think he’s smart enough. But someone talked her into rigging the software. We need to find out who.”
“I’ll send a couple of officers to get her. Anything else?”
“No. Oh, wait. Remind your staff to vote before 2100.”
Gass laughed. “I will do that. Take it easy.”
Fergus clicked off.
#
Conway was shown into Arthur Madison’s office. Arthur stood up to greet him. “Conway, it’s after 1700, can I offer you a drink?
“No, thank you, Arthur.” He could feel himself vibrating with anger. Take it easy now. You’re going to be working with this man for a long time. He unclenched his jaw and took a deep breath. He went right to the point. “I found out you hired Consolidated Management Consulting and they’ve been involved in union busting.”
Arthur dropped his smile and sat down in his executive chair. “Would you like to take a seat, Conway?”
Conway felt as though he’d explode if he had to sit still. “No, this won’t take long.” He paced the floor then stopped next to the chair. He gripped the back of it until his knuckles turned white. “Well?”
Arthur settled into his seat and folded his hands across his stomach. “We did.”
“What for?" Conway nearly shouted. "I told you I’d get the dock workers to take the reduction.”
“Some of us felt that you were taking too long. They wanted some stronger action.”
Conway slapped the back of the chair. “Fools! Those attacks just made my promise impossible to keep. I was nearly there when the attack on Brody Skerry happened. The whole dock workers’ union solidified behind him. The other unions on the Station did too. That’s why the vote failed - your union busters.”
Arthur sat calmly while Conway ranted. “I’m sorry about that, but you promised you’d deliver that vote.”
Is he insane, did he not hear what I just said? Conway shouted “Bringing Consolidated into the mix was the cause of the failure. I would have had the vote if you hadn’t interfered. The whole deal is invalidated. I don’t owe you a thing.”
“I’ll take that to the board.” Arthur sat forward in his chair and pulled his pad toward him. “Thank you for bringing me this information.”
Conway stared at him. Arthur's calm made him even angrier. I can’t believe this guy! “Arthur.” He spat out as a farewell and turned and went out the office door. Fools, they ruined their own chance.


THIRTY-FIVE

The Election Ball was in full swing when Fergus got there at 2330. He tugged at the sleeve of his formal tunic. He didn’t understand how it could be so uncomfortable when his everyday tunics were exactly the same size and very comfortable. 
He waved to a small group of department heads on the other side of the ballroom. A waiter stopped next to him and offered champagne. “Thank you,” he told the man as he took a glass. He drifted around the room, greeting people. “Gill,” he approached his candidate. “Good luck tonight.”
“Thanks, Fergus. I’m excited. I think I convinced enough people to vote for me to win tonight.”
“I hope so. Just a few more minutes.”
"Did you hear? The dock workers rejected the Shippers' proposal." Gill held up his glass.
Fergus did the same. "Good for them."
He left Gill’s group and greeted two of the other candidates. Liam McFarlan he avoided. Fergus saw him across the room with Conway Gillespie and a couple of the Union leaders. I’ll have to tell Gass, Fergus thought. Conway is smart enough to hire someone to tamper with the software. 
His communicator chimed. That would be Molly’s message with the winner’s list. It was five minutes until midnight. He worked his way to the stage. 
At midnight, the ballroom lights dimmed and the spotlight hit the podium in the middle of the stage. “Ladies and Gentlemen,” the sound system picked up his voice and cut the music. “Tonight is a very special occasion. It’s Gulliver Station’s very first election.”
The audience cheered and applauded. He glanced over at Liam and Conway. They seemed pretty confident. When the applause died down he continued. “As this first election goes, so goes the Station elections for years to come. I’ve just received the results of the election and who our new Station Manager and Level Representatives are. Let me open the message and read the names of the winners.”
He pulled out his pad and called up the message. The ballroom went silent. “Let me start with the Representatives.” With that he read off the names, starting with Level 3. The crowd cheered and back slapped each person as his or her name was read. “Finally, the name we’ve all been waiting for. Our new Station Manager is,” he paused and gazed across the crowd. “Gill Caniff!”
A huge roar of approval came from the crowd. He watched Conway and Liam. They looked like they had been hit by a shuttle. Liam turned to Conway, began talking furiously and poking Conway with his finger. Conway looked angry. He turned and left Liam standing there. 
Interesting. He closed down his pad and joined the crowd on the floor. 
“Nice announcement.” 
His eyes darted around, startled, and spotted Abigail off to the side of the stage. A grin spread across his face.
“Thank you. Did you just get here?” He took her hand and kissed it. 
“I’ve been here a few minutes. I wanted to hear the results from you.” She let him continue to hold her hand.
He tucked it into his arm and walked to the edge of the room with her. His heart beat fast. Did she come to see me? He basked in the glow of having her on his arm. “I’m pleased with the results. I think all of the winners will make excellent Representatives and Gill will be a great Station Manager.”
A waiter passed by and Fergus picked up two glasses of champagne. “For you, Miss.” He handed her one of them. 
As she took it her smile made his heart flutter. “Thank you, Sir.”
They stood side by side, watching the crowd. “What will you do now, Fergus,” she said after a moment.
He shrugged. “I don’t know. I still have the transition to go through with Gill. That will take about a month. Then, it’s all his.”
She peered up at him, a sparkle in her eyes. “And then? No new project lined up for you?”
“No. I heard about a new Station being built, but I haven’t applied yet.”
The music restarted; couples swirled around the dance floor. “Would you like to dance?”
“I would indeed, Mr. Boylan.” 
They left their glasses on a nearby table and Fergus brought her into his arms as they reached the dance floor. I can’t believe the most beautiful woman on the Station is dancing with me. Then he stopped thinking and just enjoyed the feel of her in his arms. 
The dance ended much too soon. As they left the floor, Abigail asked, “Have you thought about a position here on Gulliver?”
Fergus had to shake his head, he was still thinking about how wonderful she felt in his arms. “No, not really. I’m not sure I have the skills.”
She stared him in the eye. “Nonsense. If you can build a Space Station and be interim Station Manager, I’m sure you have the skills to manage projects from a base.”
“I just never thought about it. I’ve been working Space Station projects since I left college.” He clasped her hand, his brows knit together. “Why do you ask?”
She flagged a waiter over. They each took another glass of champagne. “I’d like you to consider a job with Madison Shipping.”
“But…” he began.
She held her free hand up, “Hear me out, Fergus. You have a lot of experience running very complicated projects. Your management skills are top notch, as are your human relation skills. Madison could use someone with your experience.”
“Well.” He took a sip of his champagne. Stay on a Station? Not move from place to place every few years? Ah, stay on THIS Station! He grinned. “Stay on this Station with a particular young woman from a particular shipping company?”
She blushed a little. “That wouldn’t be so bad, now would it?”
He moved closer to her, tilting her chin up to him. “No, that wouldn’t be bad at all.” They kissed. Fergus blocked out all of the revelry around him. 
When they broke apart, he put his forehead to hers and whispered, “I think that sounds like a marvelous idea.”



THIRTY-SIX

Glenna sat in a detention cell in Station Security. She’d just finished an interrogation and was shoved back in here. The space was small and she’d grown to hate the plain white walls over the last 12 hours. 
She paced, as much as was possible in a room that was 2 by 2 meters. A foam pad lay on a metal shelf for a bed; a combination toilet-sink was on the wall at the end of the bed. The door was next to the head of the bed. She had a narrow space to pace. 
In interrogation for hours, she knew it’d been a long time only because she was hungry. The windowless white rooms and the relentless questioning disoriented her. She studied the room again. There was a tiny ventilation grate in the ceiling. Even if she stood on the bed, it was out of reach. Anyway, only her hand would fit in the hole even if she could get to it. 
It was too quiet in this room. She was used to the sound of her office around her or the loud music of the Spiral Down bar. Even in her apartment she always had music or the monitor on. She squeezed her head between her hands. She couldn’t even hear what was going on outside the door.
She paced more, arms wrapped around herself. She smiled. Bastards thought they could outsmart me! I didn’t tell them a thing. They’ll have to let me go eventually. They don’t know what was goin’ on. Gillespie’s secret is safe with me. I can do other jobs for him. Earn a shipload of cash and go anywhere I want. Pica, yeah, pure white sand beaches, sunshine, that’s for me. I can get off this tin can in space.
She was at the foot of her bed when she heard the door. Spinning around she spied a guy in the Station Security uniform step in, “Glenna Wrenn?”
“Who else would be in here, jerk.”
The man raised what she thought was a stunner and before she knew what was happening, he shot her. A small “ah”, a breath of air really, escaped her lips as she folded sideways and fell on the bed.
He stepped back into the corridor, closing the door behind him. It took two full minutes for the alarms to go off.
#
Conway sat in the back of the Galaxy Hole, on Level 3. A guy slipped into the seat across from him.
“It’s done.”
Conway slid a box across the table. “It’s kind of hard to find real credits, Mr. Zero.”
“Not my problem,” he said as he lifted the lid and peered inside.
“You’re sure she’s dead?”
“Same as the twelve union busters.”
“Appreciate your services. Mind if I contact you again if needed?”
“Use the same number. I’ll get it eventually.” The man left.
Conway sat by himself after the assassin left, drinking a whisky and listening to the Irish ballads playing on the entertainment system. Too bad about Glenna, he thought as he sipped. I would have liked to use her for more jobs. He shook his head. She’d never outlast Gass and the interrogation team. She’d have given me up the next round. He finished his whisky and got up. He had work to do.



The End
 

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Connie Cockrell began writing in response to a challenge from her daughter in October 2011 and has been hooked ever since.  A retired U.S. Air Force Master Sergeant, she retains her Project Management Certification and volunteers with the Phoenix Chapter of PMI. She volunteers on the Northern Gila County Fair Board and loves to hike with the local hiking club and try all different kinds of crafts.  She lives in Payson, Arizona with her husband and daughter and a little Chihuahua named Phoebe.

Discover other titles by Connie Cockrell at Smashwords.com:
A Trio of Animal Tales at https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/287453
Recall: https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/320233
Halloween Tales: A Collection of Stories: https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/359689
Christmas Tales: https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/379010  
Her books are available in print at most online retailers.

Her next book in the series, Gulliver Station: The Challenge, will be out near the end of March, 2014.

If you’d like to know more, go to
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/conniecockrell
http://www.conniesrandomthoughts.wordpress.com or https://www.facebook.com/ConniesRandomThoughts or
http://twitter.com/conniecockrell.
