The Owner, An Albert Pabek Thriller
Shane Simpson
Copyright Shane Simpson 2013
Published at Smashwords
The Owner
An Albert Pabek Thriller
Book 1
By Shane Simpson
© 2013
Shane Simpson Books
publisher@ShaneSimpsonBooks.com
This is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, businesses, places, events, and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

THE OWNER

Copyright © 2013 by Shane Simpson

All rights reserved.  In accordance with the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, the scanning, uploading, and electronic sharing of any part of this book without the permission of the publisher constitute unlawful piracy and theft of the author’s intellectual property.  If you would like to use material from the book (other than for review purposes), prior written permission must be obtained by contacting the publisher at publisher@shanesimpsonbooks.com.

Shane Simpson Books
publisher@shanesimpsonbooks.com

Follow Shane:
www.ShaneSimpsonBooks.com
www.AlbertPabek.com

twitter.com/ShaneSimpson_
facebook.com/ShaneSimpsonBooks


First edition: September 2013

ISBN: 978-0-9899836-0-0

for my family…

and, a special thank you
to my editor

A.S. Morgan


Chapter 1
“CALL ELIZABETH, NOW!”  Karl Remons barked.  His loud voice, animated arms, and red face were on full display.  The other drivers around him were laughing and pointing at the sight of a wealthy man, in an expensive car, stuck in traffic; he was just like them.
In a sexy, womanly voice, the 911 Turbo S responded, “I am sorry, Mr. Remons.  I do not have a number for Elizabeth Now.  Would you like to add a number to my directory?”
Already in a rage, the car’s mistake sent him into the stratosphere.  Pounding the steering wheel, with both hands, he screamed, “CALL ELIZABETH!”
The womanly voice replied, “One moment, Mr. Remons.”
Elizabeth heard the phone; it was one of three stationed around her desk.  The mobile phone featured a unique ringtone.  It was the leash her master used to keep her constantly under control; it was a line dedicated exclusively to Karl Remons.  She grabbed the phone, careful to hold it away from her ear.  Pressing the Accept Call icon, she timidly answered, “Yes, Mr. Remons?”
“Damn it, Elizabeth!  Why is this idiotic car always making mistakes dialing phone numbers?  Didn’t I tell you to get it fixed?  How can I spend $200,000 and still have a stupid car?  It is more stupid than all the people around me on the road today!  Why didn’t you warn me about this traffic jam?  Everyone is so incompetent!”
Elizabeth kept trying to interject, but it was futile.
Remons was furious.  To those working for him, this was nothing unusual.  He seemed to possess an endless supply of anger and hatred; his subordinates were always on edge and awaiting the next unprovoked attack.
At the moment, Remons’ anger was directed at a traffic jam on the Five.  It was the morning rush hour.  All northbound lanes of Interstate 5 were stopped.  Remons was ten miles from his downtown San Francisco office.  Usually, he commuted via helicopter.  He lived on a multi-acre Monterrey estate overlooking the Pacific Ocean.  Today, he had opted to drive – he had a new Porsche.  The car generated 560 horsepower and could reach a top speed of 197 miles per hour.
Elizabeth rarely received a pleasant phone call from Karl Remons.  The reasons for him calling were mostly unpredictable.  He called anytime he wished – day or night.  His problem may be something simple and easy for her to resolve.  On the other hand, it could be something not so simple; like today.
Remons finally paused a split second.  Elizabeth was able to get out a sentence.  She said, “There was a three car accident two miles ahead of you.  A toddler was thrown from one vehicle and died.”
Although seemingly impossible, Remons went more ballistic.  “What the hell does that have to do with me?  I don’t know that baby!  I’m not in the wreck!  Get me out of this traffic jam!  NOW!!!  People die every—”
She tried interrupting.  “Sir, I th—”
Remons screamed, “Don’t you ever interrupt me!”  Then he continued ranting.  “This car was not designed for sitting idle, in a traffic jam, with mini-vans, electric cars, and work trucks!  I don’t want to be here!  You do something, right now, Elizabeth!  Are you listening?”
Elizabeth Williams did not deserve this treatment.  No one did.  Nevertheless, she had tolerated the abuse for eight years.  Her title was Executive Assistant to Mr. Karl Remons, Chairman of Remons Global.  The job only sounded fancy because of its title.  It was not.  In reality, she was only one of his slaves, and always available to tolerate his daily abuse.  Money was not the reason she stayed at Remons Global, although he paid her two times the going rate of any other employer.
She stayed because she could not leave.  No one voluntarily left Remons Global.
Remons was vindictive.
He was malicious.
He did not care who was harmed in his relentless pursuits of more power, more money, and more possessions.  Were she to quit, Elizabeth’s life, and that of her family, would be destroyed.
“ELIZABETH!”  Remons bellowed.
“I’m sorry, sir,” Elizabeth replied.  “Sir... …hear me?”  This was one of her favorite ways to shut him up – the bad connection act.
Remons said, “Your phone is breaking up!  Get it fixed.  Get me out of this problem!”
Elizabeth had already found a solution, regardless of how stupid it sounded.
In a soothing voice, she said, “Mr. Remons, I’m so sorry this has happened to you.  I will fix this.  I have texted your location to our helicopter pilot.  He will bring a mechanic.  The mechanic will stay with your car.  The mechanic w—”
“Elizabeth!”  Remons interrupted.  “I don’t want a mechanic in my car!  This is a $200,000 racing machine.  It is a precision instrument!  It isn’t some old broken down truck!  Get the hangar manager to ride with the pilot; he can drive my car to the office.  And, tell him to put on clean clothes before he gets here!”
Then, he added, “I want them here in ten minutes or everyone is fired!  Is that understood?”
“Yes, Mr. Remons,” Elizabeth replied.  “I just sent the message – ten minutes or fired.”
She looked at the Call Ended message on her phone.  She said aloud, “Thank you!”
Elizabeth had not yet sent the flight instructions.  She texted the pilot, and asked his location.  He was in Monterrey, with the helicopter, waiting for Remons at the estate.  Remons had left in the Porsche that morning, without telling the helicopter pilot.  Elizabeth sent his new instructions.
It would take at least thirty minutes for the helicopter to reach Remons on the freeway.  Most likely, the traffic jam would be cleared before the helicopter reached him.  He would forget about the pending arrival of the helicopter, and instead blast off in the car, focusing on his next fit of rage.

Chapter 2
It was 8:12 AM, on the first day of summer.
The wind was relentless.  It was the seventh day Albert had endured Force 6 winds.  The aluminum sloop was doing the hard work of powering forward through the wind and waves.  Nonetheless, Albert was tired from the rough and rolling seas.  At last, he spotted a reprieve revealing itself on the horizon.  He could see the faint outline of the Golden Gate Bridge.  It stood majestically above the surface of the Pacific waters, glowing a bright reddish-orange hue, the sun rising behind to provide a picturesque backdrop.
The GPS alarm sounded; they were approaching the five-mile marker.  Albert reached to the overhead console, turned up the volume on the VHF radio, and confirmed it was set to channel 16.  Removing the handheld microphone from its clip, he pressed the talk button.  “Pier Marina, Pier Marina, Pier Marina, this is the sailing vessel Teleport.  Over,” he said.
The Pier Marina harbormaster’s voice filled the air around Albert.  “This is Pier Marina back to the vessel calling.  Please acknowledge and switch and answer channel 68 – repeat channel six eight.  Over.”
Albert keyed the microphone again.  “Six eight over.”  He reached to the overhead radio and changed to channel 68.  “Harbormaster, this is Teleport.”
Now off channel 16, the conversation could be less formal.  The harbormaster replied, “Good morning, Teleport.  This is Pier Marina.  What can I help you with today?”
Albert replied, “Good morning to you, also.  It’s a brisk sunrise out here.  We are in open water and approaching from the north.  Approximately five miles out.  Requesting a deep draft slip for arrival within the hour.  Teleport is a sixty foot, repeat six zero foot, sloop.  We are drafting eight feet and carrying a fourteen, repeat one four, foot beam.”
“Roger that, Teleport,” the Harbormaster replied.  “Are you familiar with the marina and prevailing currents?  Would you like a pilot sent out for assistance?”
“Thanks, but I can handle without assistance,” replied Albert.  Saying, as almost an afterthought, “Is the end of Dock 14 available?”  Albert was always prepared.  He knew where he wanted to dock his vessel.  The end of Dock 14 provided the best location for a quick exit, were it to later become necessary.
“You’re in luck, Teleport,” replied the Harbormaster.  “The berth is open.  Please proceed.  Following docking, please check in with the office immediately.  Will you require US Immigration and Customs clearance?”
Albert carefully responded, “No, not necessary today.  I’m arriving from Seattle, Washington.  Over and out.”  While technically true, he had made one stop, in Santa Cruz, California, just a few hours earlier.  Albert had no interest in sharing that minor detail with the Harbormaster, or Homeland Security for that matter.  He placed the microphone in its overhead retainer and switched the VHF back to channel 16.
Albert needed to finish his arrival checklist.  On the console, he depressed and held the buttons, Main-Furl and Headsail-Furl.  Electric motors began turning.  The main sail and genoa sail responded, rolling themselves into their stored positions.  As the genoa was furling, Albert depressed the button, Headsail-Starboard-Ease, releasing the tension on the sheet attached to the genoa’s clew.
He started the diesel engines, a pair of Perkins M150 Ti engines; each generating 150 horsepower.  A few months earlier, he had named them the Perkins Brothers.  He loved to hear the rumbling sounds emanating from the twin diesels, particularly following several days of silent sailing at sea.  They reminded him of his family, friends, and the Motor City.
His right hand on the engine controls, Albert pushed the port and starboard levers forward.  The transmissions engaged and the throttles increased fuel and airflow to the engines.  He positioned the throttles at 1,200 revolutions per minute, or RPMs.  Teleport responded, accelerating to a speed of twelve knots per hour.
Albert rested his hands on the large stainless steel wheel.  The Edson five-spoke wheel was thirty inches in diameter and controlled two spade rudders, each positioned on opposite sides of the stern, aft of the variable pitch propellers located aft of the centerline deep fin keel.  He was fully surrounded by reinforced glass; the glass encased in a custom aluminum, sleek design frame that provided the structural integrity necessary for the command center.  Albert had designed the bridge to maximize helm position views.  He could look in any direction and have an unobstructed view of the outside surroundings.
He was standing in the cockpit, otherwise called the bridge.  Its floor was nearly two feet lower than the outside perimeter deck.  The sliding bridge doors, one to his left and one to his right, were both closed.  From the comfort of the enclosed bridge, Albert had watched throughout the night, as strong, cold winds blew through the sails.  It had been a long night at sea.  Periodically, the bow of the ship would nose through a series of oversized waves.  Saltwater would crash over the bow, and the cold, Pacific waters would rush down both sides of the deck, past the bridge, and return to the sea.
From a bird’s eye view, over the previous night, Albert may have looked like the commander of some intense secret military project.  A shadowy figure, standing at the helm, silhouetted by the soft glow of pale yellows, greens, and blues shining around him.
He surveyed the lower instrument panel; it spanned almost eight feet.  The lower panel, like a car dashboard, featured dozens of controls, instruments, and warning lights.  In addition, like an American car, there were two well-positioned drink cup holders.  Two 19” glass touch screen computer displays were softly glowing in front of the helm; they occupied most of the real estate on the lower console.
The upper console equally spread the full bridge width.  It was molded above the sleek curves of the windshield.  Three 12” glass touch screen computer displays crowded most of the upper console.  As a group, the five displays, three upper and two lower, allowed Albert to efficiently manage the sophisticated systems aboard Teleport.
Presently, the left side 19” screen featured a scrolling map of their current position; it was in chart plotter and radar mode.  The monitor displayed sea depth contours, blinking squares for nearby ships, and red and green channel marker buoys.  The right 19” screen was in multiscreen mode - the top portion showing current speed and magnetic heading, and the bottom portion showing the autopilot controls.
Albert was exhausted from the long night and needed a cup of coffee.  He set the autopilot to a heading of seventy-five degrees magnetic.  As he lifted his hands from the wheel, Teleport seemed to smile, and say, “Relax, I have this.”
He stepped away from the helm.  After a quick scan of the morning horizon, he descended the forward companionway stairs, located on the port side of the enclosed bridge.  Reaching the salon, he kept one hand on a handhold as he moved around the cabin.  The seas were rough.  He made his way to the galley; it was located on the starboard side of the ship.
 While bracing his body against the counter, Albert removed an unbreakable cup from the latched cupboard and filled it with coffee from the built in drip coffeemaker.  The coffee was more than an hour old.  It didn’t matter to Albert, at least this morning anyway.  It was hot, and it was coffee.  Most importantly, it was charged with caffeine.  It had been a sleepless night.  The late stop in Santa Cruz, coupled with the rough seas, had kept him on the bridge and away from a comfortable berth.
Leaving the galley, coffee in one hand, and an overhead grab rail in the other, he walked toward the bow, or forepeak.  Forward of the galley, a passageway ran along the starboard side of the ship.  Beyond the passageway threshold were the sleeping berths, the anchor lockers, the forepeak companionway, and the bathroom, more appropriately referenced as the head.
There was one other feature in this area.  It was a small, multi-purpose room, serving as an office, a workshop, and a secure storage area.  The room was hidden on the port side, forward of the salon bulkhead, tucked away between the head and Albert’s cabin.
A false bulkhead, along with clever use of the ship’s geometry, sufficiently disguised the secret room.  The walls were Kevlar reinforced, making unwanted intrusion difficult.  In many respects, the office was a type of storm shelter; protecting him from other types of surprises.
Albert confirmed the secret doorway to the room was properly latched.  He walked back to the bridge.  As he climbed the companionway stairs, he could hear the one-mile warning tone sounding.  He stepped to the helm and eased the throttles, reducing the engines to 800 RPMs.  Teleport slowed its speed to six knots per hour.  Ten minutes later, the final distance alarm sounded.  Albert walked to the starboard sliding door, opened it, and stepped up on the deck.
Two large molded plastic boxes were latched securely along the centerline of the ship.  They were positioned in tandem, one behind the other.  The boxes sat on the cabin top, between the mast and bridge.  Each box appeared to be an offshore grade, inflatable emergency life raft.  One box was, in fact, just that.  It was positioned nearer to the mast.
The extra box had recently joined Albert and Teleport, loaded aboard just eight hours earlier, when they stopped in Santa Cruz, California.  They were docked for thirteen minutes while two men loaded the box.  Then, the men drove away and Albert sailed out of the marina.
A thirty-pound Danforth anchor sat atop the box.  Ten feet of heavy chain connected the anchor to the large box.  Albert unlatched the straps holding the box, chain, and anchor.  It was difficult in the rolling seas.  He wrestled the anchor down to the starboard side deck.  Then he slid the box down the cabin top, positioning it on the walkway, just in front of the anchor.  He pushed the box in the water, following immediately with the anchor.  The short chain followed rapidly behind as the unit fell into the sea.  Albert looked at his smartphone.  The box, now anchored below the surface of the bay entrance, was transmitting properly.  All systems were green.
He looked around.  The Golden Gate Bridge was ahead of him.  He stepped down in the bridge through the starboard doorway.  At the helm, he switched off the autopilot.  They passed below the bridge.  Albert rolled the wheel to starboard.  The ship altered its heading, turning right and aiming directly at the marina.  He eased the throttles, slowing their speed to three knots per hour.  The ship glided gently around the marina breakwater.

Chapter 3
“Elizabeth!”
“I know my name,” she said, under her breath.  Then depressing the speakerphone button, she replied, “Yes, Mr. Remons?”
Karl Remons’ hands seemed to reach through the speaker, wrap themselves tightly around her neck, and begin to choke the blood from her head.  “GET IN HERE!  NOW!”
Elizabeth leapt from her seat and ran down the ornate corridor.  She paused a split-second at the oversized double doors.  On several occasions, he had bragged to her about the doors, saying, ‘They were imported from a Kaiser’s castle in Europe.  Cost me more than three hundred thousand.  You can’t put a price on beauty!’
She knocked on one of the doors, opening it at the same time.
“Get in here!  Hurry up!  What the hell were you doing?  Sleeping?”  Remons face was a dark, crimson red.  It was not unusual; this was a standard look for him.
She ignored his stupid question, closed the door, and scurried across the large office.  Remons was sitting behind his desk.  It was a twelve-foot wide slab of some rare, imported stone, balanced delicately on four equally unique, gold plated steel legs.
“Yes, sir?”
Elizabeth’s small frame and diminutive appearance were a bizarre contrast to Remons gigantic build.  She was five foot and two inches tall and weighed less than one hundred twenty pounds.  Her hair was auburn in color, and cut in a fashionable shoulder-length, sleek and straightened style.  Her workday wardrobe was not business casual, nor was it business professional; she preferred to think of it as “business provocative”.  While she was technically wearing typical business attire of suites, blouses, and pencil skirts, her extremely short hemlines, more than a few buttons undone on her blouse, and curve hugging slacks prevented anyone from ever confusing her with a high-powered female executive.
Karl Remons, when standing, was six foot and nine inches tall.  He was a giant.  He was more-than-slightly overweight, always fighting a battle with the three hundred pound line.  He loved good dining and good drinking, maybe even better than he loved good sex.
He bellowed, “Get Bill on the phone!  Tell him to drive over here immediately!”
Elizabeth thought, "Which Bill?"  There were at least three people he could be referencing.  That did not include any other ‘Bill’ she had not heard of, but was somehow supposed to be plugged into his mind and know the intended person.
“Bill Shefford?  In Oakland, correct?”  She was taking a gamble, but it did not matter.  Just opening her mouth was akin to watching dice roll on a Vegas Craps table.  How the dice landed was not in her control.
“Of course!  Who else would I want to talk to?”
Remons stood up from the chair and glared down at Elizabeth.  It was one of his many intimidation methods, as if the loud, booming voice was somehow inadequate to properly convey a message.
“NOW!”  He bellowed.
“Yes, sir.”
Elizabeth ran for the door, like a second grade child running from the sixth grade playground bully.  She opened the door, exited, and closed it quietly behind her.  She walked briskly down the corridor and back to the little security offered by her own space in the office.
He was an ass.  She hated him in a way that was unimaginable to her eight years ago.  Elizabeth was raised in a loving family and was taught the Golden Rule.  She believed in treating others the way she wanted to be treated.  However, she made an exception when she thought about Remons.  She did not like or respect him.  He had his own version of the Golden Rule - screw them before they even think about screwing you.  He often mentioned his rule, aptly naming it Remons’ Rule.
She sat down at her desk.  The multi-line, interoffice desk phone was already ringing.  It was Remons, again.  “Yes, sir?” she said quickly, after picking up the handset.
“Well?”  Remons was impatient, as always.  “Where’s Bill?”
“I’m calling him now, sir.”
“Hurry up!”  With that command, she could hear his phone being slammed back into its cradle.
She pressed a button for an open line, dialing Bill Shefford’s mobile phone number.  When Bill answered, she skipped the pleasantries, saying, “He wants to see you immediately in the tower office.  Where are you now?”  Elizabeth knew she didn’t need to specify who ‘he’ was; Remons’ notoriety was sufficient to allow easy inference for Bill.
Bill replied, “I’m in Oakland.  Where else?  It will take at least thirty minutes to get downtown.”  He paused a moment, then said, “Tell him I am busy firing three incompetent engineers, and will be there in time for lunch.”
Bill Shefford had worked twenty years for Remons Global.  Five years ago, his career changed dramatically.  Slavery, disguised in what appeared to be a fortuitous opportunity, arrived one day in 2008.  On that day, Remons asked Bill to manage the Oakland facility.
“I’ll tell him,” Elizabeth responded.  “What do you want for lunch?  I will schedule lunch in His Majesty’s palace promptly at noon.  You need to be here no later than 11:45.  I’m sure whatever he wants will be explained immediately.  Then, the two of you can wine and dine for ninety minutes.”
“Lucky me.”
Bill hated his meetings with Remons.  “I’m assuming His Lordship will be having the seared Albacore.  Correct?  Are we having a Chardonnay?”
“Yes, and yes,” Elizabeth replied without hesitation.
“Very well, let’s go with the seared salmon, along with a Caesar side salad.  I don’t want Remons having an unexpected gastric event, simply because I have mixed red meat with white wine.”
Elizabeth ended the call with Bill, and then sent Remons a text message.  It read, “Shefford tied up.  Firing three stupid employees.  Will be here at 11:45.  Lunch ordered for noon.”
She didn’t expect a response.  That would be too humane.  Silence meant he approved.

Chapter 4
It was 9:05 AM, on the first day of summer.
Albert looked up at the overhead console.  Two of the three glass touch screens were displaying real time weather conditions.  It was fifty-five degrees Fahrenheit.  Winds were from the west at eight miles per hour, gusting to twelve.  The water temperature was fifty-three degrees.
He opened the sliding starboard door.  Albert climbed the two small stairs and stepped up on the deck.  He looked up, and watched as a heavy layer of low altitude clouds crept slowly past the ship.  The clouds seemed to be reaching down, as if they wanted to touch Teleport’s one hundred foot tall mast.
Standing there, Albert’s thoughts drifted back more than twenty years.  His fondest childhood memories were sailing the Great Lakes around Michigan.  Each summer, Albert and his parents crammed in as many sailing trips as possible.  Primarily, the family sailed on Lake St. Clair, usually for a day or two at a time.  However, around July the Fourth, they spent two weeks sailing beyond Lake St. Clair, usually north to Lake Huron and Georgian Bay.
Frank Pabek, Albert’s father, worked his entire adult life in a Detroit area manufacturing plant.  It produced steel stampings for cars and light duty trucks.  Frank was a high school dropout.  He started his career at Metal Presses Incorporated at seventeen years old.  The stamping plant ran continually, twenty-four hours per day, and six to seven days per week.
Albert was very close to his father.  They were a true father-son duo, doing everything together.  They fished, went to baseball games, played ice hockey, and, of course, sailed on Paradise Winds, the family’s Catalina 30 sailboat.  After high school graduation, Albert’s only desire was to work with his dad at Metal Presses Incorporated.  Frank refused, insisting that college must be Albert’s first priority.  Albert was as stubborn as Frank, so it took a few months for them to reach a compromise.  Ultimately, Albert decided to go to school during the day.  Frank allowed Albert to work nights at Metal Presses Incorporated.  They both agreed, were his grades to slip, Albert would give up the job and focus on his studies.
For three years, Albert successfully balanced working at the factory with making good grades.  All seemed set for him to graduate in four years, without any student loan debt and a pile of money saved from working at the plant.  Unfortunately, life rarely goes as planned.
It was 1997.  The month prior, Albert had wrapped up his third year of college, where he was majoring in corporate finance.  It was summer break, and he was working extra hours on third shift at the stamping plant.  His father worked first shift and was also working extra hours.
Albert lived in his parents’ home.  It was Saturday afternoon.  He was asleep, recovering from a long night at work, when he awoke to screams.  Albert ran down the stairs, finding his mom crying on the kitchen floor.  Her words froze Albert in his steps.
She looked up at Albert with a pained expression, and was barely able to get out the words “It’s your dad,” before collapsing into another fit of hysterical crying.
The details were sketchy.  Two men, Frank Pabek and another employee, were changing some tooling inside of a large stamping press.  The safety cabling system failed and both men were crushed to death.
It was the first day of summer.
It was also Albert’s twenty-first birthday.
Albert continued working at Metal Presses Incorporated, but there was no longer time for college.  He routinely worked extra hours, averaging at least sixty hours each week in the factory.  Certainly, the money was necessary to support his mom and their household.  That was the main reason he worked so hard.  However, he also worked long hours to hide from his father’s death.  Working kept his mind busy, and his muscles tired.  It was easy to fall asleep, following a long, muscle exhausting twelve-hour shift.
The federal agency, OSHA, or the Occupational Safety & Health Administration, investigated the workplace accident and ruled the deaths were a result of negligence.  The accident occurred in a recently installed stamping press.  The press was not new.  It was a worn-out press, purchased from an overseas manufacturer, and not properly installed by the company.  Structurally, the press had failed.  It was not Frank Pabek’s fault – it was the fault of executives at Metal Presses Incorporated.
The wrongful death did not result in a large cash windfall for Mrs. Pabek and Albert.  The attorneys at Metal Presses Incorporated offered a take-it-or-leave-it settlement of $95,000 - the equivalent of Frank’s final two years’ earnings.
Albert had yelled at his mom, “A man trades his life for two years of wages?”  He was angry.  He was hurt.  He wanted to hire a lawyer and fight the company.  Yet, his mom would not allow it.  She believed the incident was truly an accident; and, accidents are just something that happens in life.  She thought it inappropriate to enrich their lives with the company’s money.  Albert loved his mom and ultimately respected her wishes.  
“She’s a fine looking ship.”
Albert was startled out of his reminiscing.  A few minutes earlier, he had flawlessly guided Teleport into her slip.  Solitarily handling a large sailing vessel is easy, as long as one knows what he is doing.  The independently controlled twin diesels, in combination with an electric bow thruster, had made for another routine and perfect landing.
 “Thanks,” Albert replied to the stranger.  “What’s your name?”
“I’m James Edwards.  Take care of the gas dock and pump out station for the marina.  That’s what I do here.  Noticed you comin’ in.  I just wanted to get a closer look at your boat.”
Albert already could tell where James’ mouth was heading.  He had been through this before.
As expected, James said, “Permission to come aboard, Captain?”
“Sorry, James.  I’m not much for parlor visits.  You can, however, do me a big favor.  I don’t like people around her,” he pointed to Teleport.  “How about fifty bucks every day I’m here - to keep the nosy people away?”
“Sure!”  James responded, without the slightest hesitation.
“I’ll give you a phone number.  If you see anyone snooping around, just give me a call.”
Albert’s thirty-seven years of living had taught him a lot about human behavior.  He didn’t need James to watch over his ship.  Homeland Security would be jealous of the cameras, sensors, and electronics spread along the ship’s sixty-foot length.  Adding James to his security detail was cheap insurance.  For fifty bucks a day, it would keep James away from Teleport.  It also gave Albert an excuse to help out James.
Albert had already formed a story around James.  His mannerisms.  The way he was dressed; and the way he walked, slow and aimless.  His outwardly cheerful voice was unable to sufficiently hide his inner disappointments, but he still proudly announced his role in life – running the gas dock.  He believed James to be in his late twenties, likely married with two kids, and living in a trailer north of Sausalito.  He expected James would muddle through life for forty more years, enjoy a few laughs, endure a divorce, and ultimately die penniless on the streets.
Albert intended to give James two or three hundred dollars over the next few days.  James would likely hide it from his wife.  He would buy her a nice shapely container of fancy perfume.  The two kids would get a few unexpected special toys.  The rest of the money would be spent on a nice bottle of liquor; a bottle he would savor each day, at the gas dock, until the contents were gone.
Albert stood on the deck.  Saying nothing.  He hoped James would get the message.  Thankfully, it worked.
“Well, Captain.  So, I’ll see you around later?”
Albert smiled at him.  “Yes, James.  I’ll see you soon.  Thanks for keeping an eye on Teleport.”  With that, Albert stepped down in the bridge.  James took the hint and walked away.  He watched the kid return to the gas dock and go inside the dockside store.  Albert sat down in the captain’s chair, leaning back to look at the bridge ceiling.  It was covered in photos; the ceiling was his photo album – serving as a constant reminder of where he had been, what had happened, and what he intended to do.
Paradise Winds, a Catalina 30 manufactured in 1978, had been the Pabek family sailboat.  It was prevalent in many photos.  At the moment, Albert was studying one picture.  In it, the sailboat was on the hard.  At the end of the previous sailing season, Albert had crashed her into a dock piling, again.  He and Dad had repaired the damage during the spring launch checklist.  They were standing on scaffolding near the fiberglass bow of the ship.  Dad’s cat, Jagsy, was draped over the railing, acting as the repair supervisor.  The cat was his father’s constant sailing companion, always aboard, and usually a nuisance to Albert.
Albert stood up from his seat.  He had things to do.  He stepped up on the starboard deck.  Using his smartphone, Albert tested Teleport’s intruder monitoring systems.  Everything was green.  He slid the starboard door closed and verified it latched properly.  After spending the last seven days in the Pacific Ocean, he desperately needed to walk and stretch.  He was hungry, too.  Hungry for a meal prepared by someone other than himself.
He first checked in at the Pier Marina office, paying in advance for three nights of dockage.  The clerk provided a receipt, along with the electronic code necessary to open the dock security gate.  Albert left the office and casually strolled through the tourists on the pier.  He surveyed the different eating options available to him.  It was the between time.  Not really breakfast time, but too early for lunch.  He was indecisive whether to hold out a little while longer for a lunch or spoil lunch with some type of snack.
He noticed a coffee shop.  The coffee shop overlooked the permanent resident slips of Pier Marina.  He decided to hold out for lunch.  Anyway, coffee was a superb appetizer.
Albert had nearly reached the coffee shop, when he began to have second thoughts.  He really was hungry.  He was turning away, when he heard a woman say, “Good morning, sir.”
Albert looked up from his walk.  She had only slightly surprised him.  However, the surprise, coupled with his lack of sleep, made it seem as if a cannon had unexpectedly been discharged.
He regained his composure, saying, “Good morning.”
The server was smiling at him.  Albert knew technically she wasn’t called a server or waitress any longer.  Nowadays they are called something else.  He thought it was something like Craftsbrewer or Brewista, but he wasn’t really sure.  She was still smiling!  She was like a wide-eyed child on Christmas morning.
“Sorry to have startled you.  I love the mornings and coffee!  My sister says it’s a dangerous combination, resulting in an overabundance of enthusiasm.”
“May I have a large cup of black coffee?”  Albert hesitated, “Also, do you have any food?”
“Sure!”  The server rapidly replied.  “We have muffins, breakfast wraps, juices, fruit, dough—”
Albert stopped her.  “A muffin, please.  Do you have blueberry?”
“No doubt!  It’s one of the most popular.  I’m not sure why.  Where do blueberries really come from anyway?  Who decided they were edible?  You know, in the beginning?”
“Wow,” Albert laughed.  “That’s a lot of questions.”
“Sorry.  I told you.  I love the mornings.  My name is Veronica.”
“Thanks, Veronica.  My name is Albert.  Nice to meet you.”
“You, too!  I’ll have your order out lickety-split.  Pick yourself out a table and enjoy the view.  It’s going to be a beautiful day.  The morning clouds are lifting, and the sun is beginning to shine.  Warning!  Sunny day ahead!”
Veronica was wearing blue jeans, neither too tight nor loose, along with some type of running shoes.  She had on an oversized purple sweatshirt, with the letters SFSU prominently displayed across her chest.  It was probably her alma mater – San Francisco State University.
Albert watched as she bounced off to the small building.  She appeared to be in her early to mid twenties.  Like most young female servers, she was properly proportioned and very pleasant looking.  He estimated her at about five foot and five inches tall.  She had black hair, and Albert was reasonably certain it was a natural color - not from a box.
Albert sat down near the edge of the wharf.  From the table, he had a striking view of the Bay Area.  The Golden Gate Bridge stood prominently to the northwest still partially enveloped by the low morning clouds, as if it was standing watch over the bay entrance.  Albert looked north across the bay.  He stared at Alcatraz and thought momentarily about its eerie history.  To the east was Treasure Island, sitting forward of a backdrop of the Berkley shoreline that reflected in the distance.
Veronica returned with his order.  “Here you go.  Enjoy!”
“Thanks,” Albert replied.  “Can you tell me something?”  Albert pointed to the large, three-story yacht double-parked alongside the next pier east of the coffee shop.  “What kind of guy owns something like that?”
Veronica’s speech was rapid, but her cheery disposition vanished.  “You are obviously talking about The Owner.  It belongs to this really rich man.  He’s an asshole.  Just ask anyone.  His office is in the Financial District, just a few blocks from here.”
Albert was unsure how to respond.  He tried changing the subject.  “I’m looking for tickets to the Giants-Marlins game tonight.  Do you know the best place to find good seats?”
Veronica didn’t seem to hear his question.  She sneered, “It’s called The Owner because the owner believes he owns everything.  And if he can’t own something, or someone, then he destroys the something or someone.”
“Later today, Remons will arrive, either in a fancy car, a stretch limousine, or a helicopter.  Karl Remons owns that ridiculous display of money and power.  Anyway, activity in the pier area will screech to a halt for fifteen minutes, just to accommodate the arrival of the owner to The Owner.”
“Sounds kind of redundant,” Albert smiled.  “I asked about tickets for the game.  Any ideas?”
Veronica said, “There are a couple of ticket resellers out along the main road.  You could try one of those.  Me, I would just buy them at the gate.  Price is the same, maybe even cheaper.  I doubt you will have trouble getting a seat.  It’s not a big game tonight.”
“Thanks,” Albert replied.
Veronica left Albert to enjoy his coffee and bounced back to the store.  Inside, she stepped behind the counter and noticed her phone was buzzing near the cash register.  She picked it up and read the text message.  “Just another day in the torture tower.  How’s my baby sister today?”

Chapter 5
Remons Global, a private company owned exclusively by Karl Remons, occupied the highest floor of a skyscraper in the San Francisco Financial District.  The penthouse office represented only a tiny portion of Remons Global.  Five people, Karl Remons and four employees dedicated to supporting his every whim, worked in this particular location.
Karl Remons viewed his employees just like everyone else in the world.  They were tools; tools stored away in a toolbox.  He only took them out when needed.  He isolated his office from the offices of even his highest paid tools.  The Remons Global executive staff offices were located a few blocks away from Remons Tower, the common name used by his staff when referring to Karl Remons’ penthouse floor.  The company was filled with the normal cadre of Presidents, Vice Presidents, Executive COOs, CEOs, CFOs, Directors, and a dozen other gratuitous titles designed to clearly distinguish the haves from the have-nots.
Remons, and his company, had recently celebrated their twenty-year anniversary.  Founded in 1993, the business charter was emblazoned everywhere across the company.  It read like most business slogans, “Increase the value of our company on a daily basis.  Karl Remons (1993)”
The internal business charter, not published anywhere in print, was “Make More Money!!”  That was Remons’ message to every employee in his company, not the ‘our company’ referenced in the published business charter.
The origins of Remons Global were similar to many businesses.  Karl Remons was a young, Ivy League university graduate, and he wanted to own a business.  Remons had a privileged upbringing.  He could have chosen to doddle away life on a Caribbean beach, in Manhattan, or both.  Yet, he wanted to own a business for a different reason.  The reason was control.  It was about controlling every person and thing around him.
It was about the power.  It was about being – The Owner.
Karl Remons was unable to create Remons Global by himself.  He founded the business with three partners.  The name Remons Global was chosen by the partners because of the Remons’ family connections in the business world.  At least, that’s what he convinced the partners to believe.
In 1996, two of the three partners died in a plane crash.  They were traveling on a Remons Global jet, along with the pilot, co-pilot, and an executive assistant.  The one-year-old, state of the art, airplane was in route from San Francisco, California to Cleveland, Ohio.  It never arrived.  A search helicopter located the airplane’s remnants the following day.  It was scattered across a remote area of the Rocky Mountains in Colorado.
The National Transportation Safety Board, or NTSB, arrived at the crash sight a few hours later.  They spent two weeks processing the crash site, extracting as much of the parts as possible, both human and machine.
The final NTSB report was inconclusive.  It stated a possible theory for the crash:
Pilot unfamiliarity with weather patterns in the Rocky Mountain region suggests most probable cause of incident.  The aircraft exhibited no signs of mechanical trouble.
Less than a week following the plane crash, the third and final partner died in a bicycling accident.  He was an avid long distance rider, religiously logging ten miles each morning before work.  One morning, a drunk driver ran a red light, at forty miles per hour, hitting Remons’ last remaining partner.  The drunk driver was so distraught that, after sobering up and securing release on bail, he committed suicide.
Remons was now the only remaining partner in Remons Global.  Remons and his partners had written a restrictive partnership agreement.  One covenant of the agreement concerned the death of a partner.  It required the remaining partners to purchase the ownership share from the estate of the deceased.  The last appraised actuarial value, at the time of the death, was the basis for the buyout price.
During the year before the deaths of the three partners, Remons Global had contracted an international accounting firm to assess the value of the company.  This was an expensive undertaking, but the four partners were exploring merger and acquisition options.  Remons Global had grown rapidly.  The partners were considering a sale of Remons Global, or at least a merger with an even larger company.  The partners saw an opportunity to possibly cash out, with a significant return on their initial 1993 investments.
Two months passed, as the actuaries completed their analysis.  Finally, the actuaries submitted their report.  It was an unfavorable shock to the partners.  Remons Global Limited was worth less than 10% of what the partners had expected.  Each of their shares was only worth fifty million dollars.  They had anticipated each partner’s worth to be at least five hundred million dollars.
The accountants and actuaries had many reasons to justify their calculations, yet it all seemed so inexplicable to the partners.  Reasons included things like Remons Global not adopting the correct FASB standards, product inventory shrinkage ten times more than expected, and profit margins under downward pressure.  The list went on and on.  The four partners were stunned.  Begrudgingly, they voted to drop any idea of selling or merging Remons Global.
So, in 1996, when the three partners died, Remons was obligated to buy out each of the three partners ownership in Remons Global.  Based on the last appraisal, completed in 1995, he was required, by the restrictive covenants of the partner agreement, to pay each partner’s estate the sum of fifty million dollars.  Remons raised the money and shelled out a total of one hundred fifty million dollars, becoming the sole owner of the company.
Karl Remons was now the owner of Remons Global, a business not worth two hundred million dollars, as his partners had believed.  It was instead a business worth more than three billion dollars.

Chapter 6
It was 10:45 AM, on the first day of summer.
Albert was looking forward to the baseball game.  The San Francisco Giants were hosting the Miami Marlins.  He didn’t care who won; he just wanted to watch the game.  The first pitch was at 7:15 PM, and Albert did not want to be late.  Right now, though, he had a little time to kill.
Albert settled up with Veronica, leaving her a nice tip.  He knew servers made only a small wage, instead relying heavily on patron generosity.  Albert liked leaving big tips.  For each oversized tip, there were at least two tables that would stiff the server.  Leaving an extra few dollars had no significant impact on his finances, but made a big difference to a server’s take home pay.
He walked west along the boardwalk paralleling the street named The Embarcadero.  It was a strange name.  He could not get it out of his head.  Albert sat down on a bench facing a fishing wharf and pulled out his smartphone.  A quick search revealed the origins of the street’s name.  The Embarcadero’s origins were from the Spanish verb embarcar.  The meaning was, “to embark.”  The street name translated meant “the place to embark”.  How appropriate, he said to himself.
Albert changed applications on his phone, briefly checking on the status of Teleport.  It was not necessary.  Teleport would send him an alert immediately, were any threats or problems to her safety detected.  Nevertheless, Albert believed in double-checking things.  Besides, he had time and there was no harm.  With Teleport verified as safe and secure, he put away the smartphone and casually watched the people around the pier area.
There were a few, older teenage boys milling around near the ferryboats.  The boys looked generally harmless, but people walking by kept their distance.  The ferries were used by the locals to cross the channel to Sausalito, and by the tourists to see the Bay Area attractions.  Two ferries were presently in port, awaiting the next load of passengers to finish boarding.
He noticed two men, dressed in expensive looking suits, walking into an upscale looking restaurant on the pier.
“Too early for lunch, boys,” Albert said quietly to himself.  He guessed that the business pair was out on a ‘client meeting’, that is, as far as their boss was concerned.  Probably, the pair would spend the next few hours drinking and eating, and then drinking again.  All of this, on some unsuspecting company’s expense account.
Albert’s seat was unexpectedly jolted.  He fell forward on the bench, but avoided a full frontal slam of his face into the boardwalk’s concrete surface.  Hastily jumping up, he spun around to see an assumedly homeless man standing behind the bench, limply hanging off a shopping cart.
“Sorry, sir,” The man spoke very slowly.  “I wasn’t watchin’ my cart, and it rolled into your bench.  Really sorry, mister.”
Albert had lived in Michigan.  He had witnessed, first hand, the desperation and homelessness of the area.  The San Francisco homeless population, as well as the homeless actors, had nothing on the people living on the streets of Detroit.
Albert shrugged at the man, saying nothing.  He sat back down on the bench with his back to the stranger.  He expected the man would persist, but Albert hoped to be proven wrong.
The man limped closer, leaned over, and looked directly at Albert.  “I said it was an accident, mister.  To show you how sorry I really am, please let me give you my watch.”
Albert stared at him intensely.  The stare should have been sufficient to send away the fraudster.  Nevertheless, for good measure, he added, “No, thanks.  Leave me alone.”
It didn’t work.  The man persisted, “Mister, this watch here, it cost me three hundred dollars.  I want to give it to you for five bucks.  It’s my gift to you.  For the accident and all.”
Albert’s personality was a stark contrast to Karl Remons’.  It was a near mirror image.  While Remons spent 95% of his time in some form of anger and rage, Albert was the opposite.  He spent 95% of his time at peace with himself, and the world at large.  That last 5% though, was a scary side for Albert to let out.  However, when he did let it out…
He stood up, again.  Standing six feet and one inch tall, Albert was not basketball player material, but he wasn’t short either.  With a physique that matched his height, Albert weighed in at two hundred twelve pounds.  He was in exceptional physical condition – work aboard the sailboat kept him in top shape.
He faced the scam artist.  Normally, Albert’s pale green eyes showed warmth and compassion.  Not at this moment.  Albert stared darkly and intensely at the man, and then whispered quietly in to the swindler's ear.
The man’s eyes grew wide with fear.  He ran away quickly with his cart, seemingly cured of the limp.
Albert calmed himself, smiled, and sat back down.  He said, “Amateur.”
Three blocks away, the scam artist was still trembling.  The words of the strange man kept ringing in his ears.
“I am THE NEW OWNER.”

Chapter 7
It was 11:23 AM, on the first day of summer.
No one, other than the scam artist, had bothered Albert.  He was enjoying the morning air, but he was getting sleepy.  He muttered quietly, “I need a nap.”
Seven days at sea can exhaust even the most seasoned sailor.  Albert left the bench near the fishing pier.  He walked through the shops along Pier Marina boardwalk, casually retracing his steps back to Dock 14 and Teleport.  He reached the security gate for Dock 14, pressed in the gate combination, and opened the door.  He noticed James leaning against one of the pilings.
“Hi, James,” Albert smiled.
James straightened up, saying, “Hello, Captain!  Good news!  Nobody got near Teleport.  All is clear.”  With that, he made a goofy salute to Albert, raising his left hand to his forehead.  Only his pinky was extended, as if he had been holding a teacup, and then abruptly decided to slam it into his head.  Evidently, James did not have a military background.
“Thanks, James,” Albert shook his hand, passing him a hundred dollar bill.
“Wow!  Thanks, Captain.  Are you staying overnight?”  He was looking at the cash and doing some simple math.  One hundred dollars meant two days work.
“Yes.  I hear the Marlins are in town against the Giants.  Thought I would catch the game, drink a few beers, and sleep it off in the marina tonight.”
“I like you, Captain!  What a life!  Just sail in and watch a baseball game.”  James’ voice trailed off, his smile faded, and he began walking away.  “Anyway, have fun at the ballpark.  See you later.”
Albert climbed aboard Teleport.  As he did, the magnetic key card in his wallet triggered the unlocking of a single latch on the sliding starboard door to the bridge.  Albert then touched a small, inconspicuous area near the handle, and a second latch silently unlocked.  He slid open the door.  Albert stepped down into the bridge, closing and locking the door behind him.  Lastly, he pressed six digits into the small keypad located discretely on the overhead console.  Teleport’s intruder warning light stopped flashing.  The ship was now set to the occupied and docked mode.
The ship’s layout was technically considered a center cockpit sloop.  Uniquely though, the cockpit, a command bridge on this vessel, was positioned so much further aft than the usual definition of a center cockpit sloop, that most casual observers would briefly mistake her as an aft-cockpit design.
The fully enclosed bridge, with reinforced glass windows, measured almost eleven feet wide, with a fore-to-aft distance of nearly eight feet.  The enclosure looked more like a sports car, rather than the bridge of a sailboat.  Its swept back lines blended sleekly with the cabin top lines and overall sporty look of Teleport.
The bridge featured four exit points.  Two were obvious; the sliding doors, port and starboard.  A third exit was the emergency hatch on the bridge roof.  The fourth exit looked like a dead end.  It was the aft companionway stairs, located on the starboard side of the bridge.  The aft companionway stairs led to Teleport’s small garage, where a final door was accessible.
Albert gazed around the bridge.  All systems were green.  He climbed down the forward companionway stairs.  He entered the main living area, known as the salon, and sat down in one of the reclining chairs.  Closing his eyes, he was fast asleep in less than two minutes.  Thoughts of the origins of Teleport entered his mind.
Albert’s mom died in 1998, the year following Frank’s death.  The doctor concluded her death was caused by a stroke.  However, Albert knew the truth.  She died of a broken heart.  After her death, the house was too quiet.  His fond family memories were too difficult to remember in the house.  He sold it soon after the funeral, moving to a rental apartment near Metal Presses Incorporated, where he continued working long hours.  The weeks turned to months, and the months turned to years.  Ten years passed.  Then, one day, his world was turned upside down, again.
He learned a new phrase: “economic displacement”.
Even now, five years later, Albert still vividly remembered being fired in 2008.  “You have been economically displaced,” the 25-year-old manager had told him.
He didn’t care what they called it.  He had been fired.  He was blindsided.  Fired!  This was not a temporary layoff.  It was permanent.
Albert was more fortunate than many of his fellow ‘economically displaced’ friends.  He had saved most of his earnings in the past ten years, pouring the money in simple interest savings accounts, along with federally insured certificates of deposit.  His friends were dealt a double punch.  They no longer had jobs and most lost their savings in the stock market, as the equity focused mutual funds, pushed by their employers, decreased in value.
Following the deaths of his parents, Albert lost interest in everything other than work.  Sailing was the one activity he had loved.  Yet, his heart could not allow him to enjoy it alone.  It had been a family experience.  Paradise Winds had been on the hard since the winter of 1997.  That changed a few days after his ‘economic displacement’.
Paradise Winds touched water, after more than ten years, soon after Albert began his new career in unemployment.  He sailed her around the coast of Michigan for a month.  It was during this time that he conceived Teleport in his mind.
He sailed Paradise Winds back to her home marina on Lake St. Clair and promptly decommissioned the vessel.  The sails were folded ceremoniously, placed in their original sail bags, and stored in the cockpit lockers.  The mast was lowered, and the standing rigging was removed.
Albert moved the decommissioned Paradise Winds, along with sketches of Teleport, into a barn in central Michigan.  They were on a farm, more than eighty miles from her previous home on Lake St. Clair.  The barn belonged to his uncle, and it became his home for the next four years.  Albert lived in Paradise Winds, on the hard, inside the barn.
Teleport was a one of a kind vessel.  He spent most waking moments designing, building, and redesigning the beautiful ship.  The hull was constructed of welded aluminum plate, reinforced with aluminum ribbing along its entire length.  She featured a double hull construction in most areas, resulting in her being nearly impossible to sink.
It was a difficult economic time across the United States, but especially in Michigan.  The country was in a severe recession and the auto industry was almost dead.  Hundreds of thousands of Michiganders lost their jobs.  They often referred to themselves as “the idle poor”; an opposite to the “the idle rich”.
As each month, quarter and year passed, the economy continued to struggle.  It seemed the worst impacted were those working in the automotive industry.  Eventually, the politicians were getting public pressure to financially support, or bailout, the car manufacturers.  The automaker CEOs even personally flew to Washington DC, in their corporate private jets, to explain the direness of the situation.  They sufficiently scared the politicians, warning a real bankruptcy would send the United States into a full blown recession; one even worse than that of the Great Depression.  In the end, the federal government became a shareholder in for-profit businesses, investing federal dollars to keep them alive.
At first, it seemed to be a good idea for the workers.  Then it quickly turned into another gut punch.  The government, their government, was giving tax dollars to their former employers.  Yet, the ‘economically displaced’ were still displaced.  Despite the stimulus, Michiganders were not getting callbacks to work.  Unemployment stayed absurdly high, creeping ever higher each month.
The automakers said they were ‘doing more with less’.  They suggested the unemployed workers move to the right-to-work, non-unionized plants in other states.  The months and years kept passing.  The automakers, along with their wealthy executives, slowly recovered from the economic disaster.  However, for the general labor force, things did not get better as quickly.
In that backdrop, Albert had finished the realization of Teleport.  Dozens of friends from “the idle poor” used their trade skills to help him build his dream during the recessionary years.  Welders, woodworkers, tailors, mechanics, plumbers, metal fabricators, foundry men, and machinists; they were all represented.  The artisanship was like no other in the world.
Albert hired and paid each of the artisans.  Some had tried refusing payment, calling it a handout.  However, this was no handout and Albert was very persuasive.  He had the money and was building a ship.  Teleport was not a make-work project.
Paradise Winds had sat in the barn watching, like a mother, over the construction of Teleport.  During the construction, she was Albert’s home and construction engineering office.
Teleport’s birthday at last arrived in late 2012.  She was complete and ready for her journey.  One early morning, an oversized highway trailer arrived, pulled behind a Class 8 tractor.  Teleport was gently hoisted upward along a steel frame that cradled around her.  The trailer was pulled in and she was lowered gently in to the customized trailer.
Alone, Albert quietly spent two hours removing his remaining possessions from Paradise Winds, talking to her like an old mare ready for her final trip to pasture.  Inside the vessel, he closed the forepeak hatch and the smaller hatches around the ship.  Then, he climbed the companionway stairs and stepped into the cockpit.  Standing behind the wheel, he reminisced one last time about the family’s many adventures.  Finally, he closed up the companionway, inserted the hatch boards, and padlocked Paradise Winds.
He climbed down the temporary wooden stairs leading off the aft section of the cockpit and to the barn floor.  Albert stood away from Paradise Winds and snapped several pictures with his camera.  He then lowered a large tarp from the ceiling of the barn, ceremoniously covering her, like a flag draped over a veteran’s coffin.
Albert climbed in the truck’s passenger seat, giving the driver a teary eyed thumbs up.  Teleport, his new home, slipped beautifully out of the barn.  They were westward bound, heading for a launch date in Seattle, Washington.

Chapter 8
Her phone vibrated and simultaneously played a chorus line from a popular song.  Elizabeth rummaged through her purse, hurriedly looking for the personal mobile phone.  She had left the phone ringtone in the ON position.  She found the phone and quieted the ringer.
It was just a text message.  Anywhere else, and the ringing would not have mattered.  It mattered here.  Remons demanded Elizabeth’s every waking moment be dedicated to serving him.  ‘No distractions,’ he would always tell her.  Fortunately, at least this time, she was not near Remons, and he did not hear the phone sound.
She looked at the message.  It was from Veronica.  “Remons’ boat is here.  Bad day?  He’s in the office?”
Elizabeth typed quietly, with the phone positioned discretely under her desk.  “Yes.  I may be late tonight.  I’m sorry.  Yes, I know it’s Friday.”
The Williams girls, Elizabeth and Veronica, were born and raised in the Bay Area.  Both graduated from a local university.  Elizabeth was the oldest, having recently turned thirty.  Veronica, the younger sister, was twenty-five.  They rented a small apartment together.  It was a nice place for two young women.  It was located on Lombard Street, both convenient to their jobs and the young single adult life style.
Elizabeth graduated college with a dual major in finance and marketing.  After graduation, she searched two months for a job, unsuccessfully applying and interviewing around the Bay Area.  One day, partly on a lark, but mainly because she needed money, Elizabeth responded to a job posting seeking an Executive Assistant.  The position was in a tall building downtown.
A few days later, she received a call.  Elizabeth passed the phone screen and was called in for an in person interview.  On the interview day, she met Karl Remons.  Her life was different from that moment forward.
Remons intrigued Elizabeth, at least initially.  He was wealthy and smart.  He wasn’t terribly handsome, but he had a certain aura about him.  During her first year at Remons Global, Karl Remons and his sometimes-charming personality seduced Elizabeth.  Slowly, he added to Elizabeth’s duties at the company.  After twelve months, Elizabeth Williams had two jobs; one by day as his full time assistant, and one by night as his part time prostitute.
Veronica graduated a few years after Elizabeth.  Her degree was in business, too, but focused on entrepreneurship.  She opened the coffee shop immediately after graduation, having no desire to work in corporate America.  She loathed the thought of working in offices filled with non-stop bureaucracy.  The coffee shop was not every entrepreneur’s dream.  It involved long hours, varying climate conditions, and thin profits.  For Veronica, though, it was perfect.
 Elizabeth was stuffing the phone in her purse, just as Bill Shefford approached her desk.  They had known each other for eight years and had a good friendly working relationship.  Nothing more.  Neither one had time for relationships; Remons was just too demanding.
Even though they were merely business acquaintances, Elizabeth adored Bill.  Today, he was wearing black slacks, loafers, and a tight fitting, tan turtleneck shirt.  The outfit nicely complimented his near six-foot height, light blond colored hair, and brown eyes.
“Hi, Bill,” Elizabeth stood up and hugged him.
“Happy Friday.  Remons finally settle down?”
“He’s been quiet for about thirty minutes.  Likely, on the phone with one of the European contacts.  It’s the end of the day over there.”  Then she whispered, “He probably just wants someone to lose sleep worrying all night and weekend.”
 “Unfortunately, we both know you are right,” Bill nodded his head.  “Well, time for my daily beating.”
Bill headed down the corridor to Remons office.  When he reached the doors, he knocked softly.
Remons himself opened the door, quickly grabbing Bill by the arm and pulling him in the office.  “Get in here,” Remons said cautiously to Bill.  Remons closed the door.  “We have a problem.”  Bill started to say something, but Remons continued.  “Last night, I had an unknown caller.  He called me on my private number, just after midnight.”
“What?”  Bill was surprised.  He was second in command at Remons Global and did not have the number for Remons’ private phone.
Remons said, “The caller would not give his name.  He only identified himself as representing ‘an international concern’.  He asked to meet with me, alone, in my office.  At 2:00 PM today.”
 “Of course!  So, you said, ‘Yes, certainly!  Would you like coffee or tea?’  Correct?”  Bill was joking.  Remons bent over for no one.  Certainly not a crank caller.
“I agreed to the meeting.”
“Really?  Why?”
Remons looked pale.  “There was something about the caller.  Maybe it was the surprise on my private line.  I don’t know, but it worried me not to accept the meeting.”
Bill said, “I’m sure its nothing.  Probably just some kook trying to scam you for a thousand bucks.  Why are you telling me this?  What can I do to help?”
Most likely, there was some dirty work involved in the problem Remons was describing.  He guessed that someone would die.  Nothing would ever tie back to Remons Global, Karl Remons, or even Bill Shefford.
“You are to do nothing.  Clear?  Nothing.  At least not yet.”
“Sure thing,” Bill was relieved.  “That it?  Ready to eat?”
With the business discussion finished, the pair enjoyed a five star lunch in Remons’ private dining room.  The dining room jutted out over the north side of the building, allowing for a near perfect, 180-degree view.  The Pacific Ocean, the Golden Gate Bridge, Fisherman’s Wharf, Alcatraz, the Giants stadium and Treasure Island; they were all visible from each of their chairs.
The dining experience concluded precisely at 1:30 PM.  Bill was dismissed.  Remons sat at his desk, alone in the large office, waiting.  Waiting nervously for the arrival of the stranger.

Chapter 9
It was 1:18 PM, on the first day of summer.
The proximity warning alarm on the smartphone vibrated in Albert’s pocket, waking him from a deep sleep.  He reached to a built in shelf behind the chair.  Picking up an electronic tablet, he selected one of the on screen options.  A view from the masthead camera appeared on the display.
Two men, dressed in dark clothes, were standing on the finger pier alongside Teleport.  They were intently studying the ship.  One of the men reached out and knocked on her hull loudly.
Albert smirked.  He climbed the forward companionway stairs and stepped in the bridge.  He could see the strangers.  They were both staring at him, puzzled that he was just standing there.  After an uncomfortably long pause, Albert waved to them and opened the starboard bridge door.
“Good morning,” Albert offered words first, before either of the strangers could speak.
“It’s afternoon, fella,” the taller of the two men said.  “Nice sailboat.  We just wanted to take a closer look.”
Albert noticed that James was looking sheepishly at him, standing about fifty yards down the pier.  He asked the men, “Didn’t James tell you I wasn’t the ‘having visitors’ type?”  He said it almost like a statement, pointing toward James.
The men did not bother to look where he was pointing.  They knew to whom he was referencing.  The second man spoke, “Sure, he told us.  Unfortunately, for you and him both, we are kind of a persistent pair.  Know what I mean?  Mind if we come aboard?”
“Yes, I do mind,” said Albert, as he reached discreetly for his gun, a Ruger SR1911 holstered to the backside of the starboard door.  The .45 caliber weapon was one of a matched pair Albert carried on Teleport.  His twin was holstered on the backside of the port side bridge door.
The first man to have spoken ignored Albert.  He grabbed the nearest lifeline and lifted his foot, attempting to step onto Teleport’s deck.
Albert pulled the gun from the holster, lifted it, and pointed it directly at the man’s head.  “Let go of my ship.  Right now.  Otherwise your buddy will get his fancy suit all bloody.”
The man let go of the lifeline, stepped away, and stared even more intensely at Albert.
The second man once again spoke, “Fine.  We were trying the simple approach.  Your questions and stares earlier today were unacceptable.”
It was a cryptic comment.  Albert had to ask, “What are you talking about?”
“You asked too many questions about The Owner.  Our boss doesn’t like people snooping around in his business.  When are you setting sail?  Right now, correct?”
Albert smiled, saying, “No, I have no plans to leave today.  Big game tonight.  Did you know the Giants are hosting the Marlins?  Are you going to the game?  Maybe you can ask your buddy to go with you.  Like a date?”
Albert slid the starboard door closed, holstered the pistol, and smiled at the two goons.  Then he climbed down the companionway stairs to the salon.  He picked up the tablet again and watched the view from the masthead camera.  The men stood on the dock, momentarily puzzled and talking to each other.  Then they walked away.  When they reached where James was standing, both men stopped.  One leaned in.  It looked as if he was whispering something in James’ ear.  The other man discreetly single-punched James in his right side ribcage.
James winced and hunched over, ever so slightly.  The two bullies then walked the remaining distance of Dock 14, passed through the gate, and disappeared into the crowd on the pier.  James waited a couple of minutes and walked back to the gas dock.  Albert guessed his ego was probably bruised more than his ribs.
He decided to check on James later in the day.  The surprise visitors were Albert’s highest concern, at least right now.  He had been the only patron at the coffee shop earlier that morning.  His only conversation about The Owner had been with Veronica.  Why would she feel the need to share his inquiry with those goons?  Were the goons really watching him from The Owner?  Did they visit the coffee shop after he left, asking about him?  On the other hand, did she call them herself?
It didn’t make sense.
The scam artist on the street knew nothing of Albert’s interest in The Owner.  It was a very low possibility that guy had any responsibility for the visit.  It had to be Veronica.  Why, though?  Albert put the situation in the back of his mind on a slow simmer.
He had something more important on his mind.  Lunch.

Chapter 10
Remons sweated liberally underneath his imported, hand crafted Italian suit.  It was time for the stranger to arrive.  The private numbered mobile phone rang, startling Remons, again.  He looked at it with wide eyes.  It was an unknown number, just like the call earlier that morning.
He answered cautiously, “Hello.”
The voice said, “I will be late for our meeting.”  Then there was silence.  The caller had hung up.
Karl Remons was not a fearful man, at least not usually.  He said aloud, “What the hell is going on?  Who is this guy, and why am I scared of him?”  He didn’t know what to do next.  Stay in the office, waiting like a problem child in the school principal’s office?  Ignore the caller and go about his normal business?  Why was he frozen in fear?
Remons private phone was unique.  It routed inbound and outbound calls through a series of forwarded phone numbers, spread out around the world.  It was nearly impossible to trace its location, and it was completely impossible to trace it to Karl Remons’ identity.
He looked at the private phone.  How did the caller get his number?  Still holding the private phone, he called Bill Shefford.
Bill noticed his phone vibrating; he looked at the screen.  It read Caller Unknown.  He answered on the third ring.
“Hello, Bill Shefford speaking.”
“Bill, it’s Karl.  The mystery caller did not show.  He called again.  Said he would be late.”
Bill detected the depth of Remons’ concern.  He was rarely on a first name basis with Remons.  “So, no idea what the kook wants?  What time is the rescheduled meeting?”
Remons replied, “I don’t know!  He just said he would be late.  What am I supposed to do?”
“Karl, I would forget it.  It’s probably just some guy trying to scam you.”  Bill added, “Let’s have a drink later and talk about it.  That work for you?”
Remons calmed down.  His senses were returning, along with his not-so-charming personality.  “Fuck off, Bill.  I don’t need a therapist.”
Bill looked at his phone, reading the words, Call Ended, on the display.  As normal, Remons had hung up on him.  Bill sighed.  Swiveling his imported leather chair, he looked out the nearby windows and casually watched the activity below.
The main floor of Remons Global Research & Development occupied nearly two hundred thousand square feet.  It was a unique structure, having been fully designed and constructed by Remons Global.  A geometrically perfect circle, the round building was five hundred feet in diameter, with the roof one hundred feet above the main floor.
The office portion of the building, called The Hub, was positioned in the center of the larger structure.  It was of a smaller diameter, but equally round and tall.  The Hub had seven floors.  The six lowest floors were cubicle farms.  The seventh floor was exclusively for Bill Shefford.
His office was not as opulent as Remons, but it was a close second.  The elevator and stairwell were in the center of the room.  There were floor to ceiling windows around the complete perimeter.  The floor was separated, like pie slices, in three sections, including his office, a private living space, and a conference room.
The chair squeaked as Bill stood up.  He walked across the room to the coffee machine.  He pressed the cappuccino button and waited for the cup to fill.  Cup in hand, he began the Observation Walk.  The floor’s design allowed Bill a 360-degree walking view of the operations below.  He strolled four full circles along the windows, stopping intermittently to stare at the activities below.  The windows were angled; angled in a way similar to airport control tower windows.  The windows were perfectly transparent, without even the slightest hint of privacy.  He wanted the workers to know - he was watching.
The cappuccino had made its way through Bill’s system.  He walked out the office and to the small apartment.  After leaving the bathroom, Bill picked up an apple from the kitchen and headed back to the office.  He thought about his house; it was only ten miles down the road.  He could only recall sleeping there four nights over the past year.  Bill lived in his office apartment and rarely went home.  Remons Global, primarily Karl Remons himself, consumed Bill Shefford’s life.
It had not always been this bad.  Bill Shefford became an employee of Remons Global following an acquisition.  He was a design engineer, concentrating on steam turbine generator enhancements.  One day in 1993, he showed up for work, but things looked different.  The signs on the building were new; they now prominently read - Remons Global – Plant 7.  His employer had sold out to Remons Global.
Bill continued working at the plant, always finding something to improve in their designs.  The facility was located near Las Vegas, Nevada.  His boss was the Vice President of Engineering.  They got along well, and Bill was content with his lot in life.
That changed in 2005.  His boss failed to show up for work one Monday.  Over the weekend, the man had died of an unexpected heart attack.
That same day, Remons traveled to Plant 7 to pay his respects.  Bill was unaware of Remons’ visit to the Las Vegas plant; that was until Karl Remons stepped in his office.  Karl Remons stood there, silently staring for a few moments.  Finally, he uttered a short statement and walked away.  Bill was shocked.  Even today, the spoken statement was indelibly marked on Bill’s brain.
Karl Remons had said, “You are the new Vice President of Engineering.  Don’t fuck up like the old VP.”
Bill thrived in his new job.  The division was always exceeding both energy efficiency and total cost of ownership requirements.  His performance generated massive growth in Remons Global profitability.
In 2006, Bill heard rumors of a new facility under construction in Oakland, California.  By 2007, the physical building was taking shape, and the signs were installed.  They read, “Under Construction – Remons Global – Plant 1 - Research & Development Center.”
Plant 1 existed already.  It was established in 1993, in Los Angeles, California, as the first manufacturing site for Remons Global.  When the new Plant 1 opened, Remons bulldozed the old plant and sold the land.  He was quoted as saying, “You can’t live in the past.  The Los Angeles plant was the past.  We are moving to the future.”
The new building was magnificent.  It sat in the middle of twenty acres and rose majestically above the land.  A steel reinforced, eighteen-foot high fence circled the building.
One morning, in early 2008, Bill received an unexpected call from Elizabeth.  He was in Las Vegas, at Plant 7, still working as Vice President of Engineering.  She said Remons wanted to meet in San Francisco later in the day.  She had already arranged for a company jet to transport him.
Bill drove to the local airport, climbed aboard a 6-passenger jet, and arrived at Oakland Airport less than an hour later.  A chauffeured car was waiting to shuttle Bill to the Remons office in downtown San Francisco.
Bill arrived and entered Remons office.  Karl Remons poured them each a drink.  They spent ten minutes sipping the drinks; all the while Remons said nothing.  When they finished, Remons said, “We are taking a trip.”
Bill had been puzzled all day.  Remons behavior was permanently unpredictable.  This time, however, he was acting even more unusual.
Remons led Bill to the private elevator and pressed the “Up” button.  The doors opened, they both entered, and Remons pressed the “H” button.  On the rooftop, the helicopter rotor blades were turning, already having anticipated their arrival.  They climbed aboard.  Remons said nothing.  Ten minutes later, the pilot landed atop the new building in Oakland – they had arrived at Plant 1.
The two men stepped from the helicopter and walked to the elevator.  After entering the elevator, Remons pressed “7”.  The doors closed briefly as the elevator descended, and then they opened on the seventh floor.  Remons stepped from the elevator, but held the doors open with one hand.  With his other hand, he handed Bill a set of keys.  He made a short statement, and then he stepped back on the elevator.  Bill was left alone on the seventh floor of the new plant.  Remons had picked him to run Plant 1.
Remons had said, “Take it for a test drive.  Keep it if you want.  Don’t quit.  Don’t crash.”

Chapter 11
It was 2:05 PM, on the first day of summer.
Albert walked to the galley.  There was a circuit breaker panel mounted on the bulkhead separating the galley from the bridge.  Two switches regulated power to the central heat and air circulation system.  One switch controlled the microwave.  Another switch was for the refrigerator and freezer.  Albert was standing there for the next switch; it turned on the water heater.  He flipped it to the ON position.
Albert was past his expiration date and smelled a little rotten.  He wanted a shave and a hot shower.  He left the galley, walked forward through the passageway, and then to his cabin.  He decided to pick out some fresh clothes, while he waited for the water to heat.
The afternoon temperatures were pleasant.  But, he expected the evening would be much cooler.  A wireless computer tablet was mounted on the cabin wall.  He touched the screen to wake it.  Then he pressed the weather icon, selecting YES, when asked if this was his new location.  Scrolling through the hourly forecast, it looked like overnight temperatures would cool to the low sixties.  Breezes were expected to strengthen at sunset.
Albert enjoyed watching baseball games, but only if he was not cold.  Avoiding a chilled body was a high priority to him.  He picked a pair of Levi’s, a golden yellow long sleeve button down shirt, and a pullover cable knit sweater.  For shoes, it had to be the leather deck shoes.
Albert hung the clothes in the head.  He spread shaving cream on his two-day-old stubble, opened a fresh razor, the five small blades type, and shaved his face smooth.  Then, he cleaned up the sink and mirror.  He checked the water temperature monitor on the wall near the shower.  It indicated one hundred eight degrees.  He stepped in, turned the faucet knobs, and enjoyed the refreshing, hot shower.  After drying off, he walked to the galley and switched off the water heater.
He walked back to his room, got dressed, and returned to the salon.  It was time to eat something.  He picked up the electronic tablet and surveyed the outside area, as seen from the masthead camera.  Neither James, nor the goons, was anywhere to be seen.  Still, just being cautious, Albert decided to carry a small gun.  He opted for the Ruger SR9c.  It was a compact nine-millimeter pistol featuring a ten-round clip.  Albert stored the gun in the galley.  It was hidden from view in a custom cubbyhole just below the galley sink.  Albert removed the gun, checked the safety lock, and tucked it under his belt along his lower back.  He pulled the sweater over the gun.
He climbed the forward companionway staircase and stepped in the bridge.  Then, he opened the port side bridge door.  Fresh air blew through the cockpit.  He stepped up on the deck, closed the door, and locked it securely.  Albert wandered slowly around the perimeter of Teleport’s deck, surveying his surroundings.  Satisfied there were not any obvious threats, Albert double-checked both bridge doors and set the final alarm circuit.  He stepped off the deck and onto the dock, walked its length, and passed through the security gate.
-----
The last thing he remembered was closing the gate.  Now, he was in the water, with someone grabbing at his flailing arms.  His neck and right shoulder were in pain.
“Give me your hand!”  James yelled at Albert.  “Hurry up or you’ll drown!”
Albert lifted his right hand to James, while also trying to grasp the edge of the dock with his left hand.  After a lot of combined effort, Albert was laying on the dock like a half dead fish.
Albert gasped, “What happened?”
James looked surprised.  “Really?  You didn’t see the guy?  The one that hit you?  Some dude, he was wearing sunglasses and carrying a baseball bat.  He hit you from behind, and then pushed you in the water.  I was at the gas dock.  Saw it all.  Ran as fast as I could to save you.”
Albert was recovering.  He had been mugged on the first day of summer; both his birthday and the anniversary of his father’s death!  He checked his pockets.  Nothing was missing; his wallet, his phone, and the gun were all there.  Now he was pissed off.  This was no mugging.  It was Remons’ goons.  Albert shakily stood up.
James reached for Albert’s arm and attempted to steady him.  “Don’t get up.  You need to go the hospital.  I think that guy was trying to kill you.”
“Thanks, James.  I’ll be fine.  Thanks for coming to my aid.  I really appreciate you dragging me out of the water.  You saved my life.”  Albert continued, “I just need to rest.”  He opened the gate and began to slowly walk back to Teleport.
“Captain, you want some help?  I really think you need a doctor.”
Albert stopped and looked back.  “I’m fine.  Just need some rest.  Thank you.”
James replied, “No problem, Captain.  I would do it for anyone.  Just bein’ a good person, that’s all.  Call me if you need anything.”  James then asked, “Guess you are leaving, now.  You know, ‘cause of the mugging, and all.  Nice meeting you, Captain.”
Albert shook his head, “No.  I’m sticking around.  I’ll see you later today.  I’m sure.”
He continued the painful walk back to Teleport.  He stepped aboard, turned off the alarm, and opened the starboard door.  Once on the bridge, he closed and locked the door.  He climbed gingerly down the forward companionway stairs, wobbled to the galley, and crumbled to the floor.  He passed out.
Some time passed.  Albert awoke, uncertain how long he had slept.  He was face down on the galley floor.  At first, he couldn’t remember what happened, but the dull ache in his shoulder quickly brought back the memory of his near drowning experience.  His strength was slowly returning.  Albert reached up to the counter and pulled himself back to a vertical stance.  He removed the waterlogged wallet from his pocket, opened it, and spread the contents across the countertop.
He placed the phone and pistol on the counter.  Albert leaned there, staring at the two wet items.  He had a big problem.  It wasn’t the gun; he had plenty of those.  It was the smartphone; his sentry alarm for Teleport.  He had an extra phone, but it was the only backup.  His safety system was no longer redundant.
He walked to the head and shed the wet clothes.  There was no time to launder them, so he stuffed everything into a plastic bag.  He walked naked to his cabin and found a similar, replacement outfit.  He opened a cabinet below his bed, pulling out a new pair of shoes.  They were still in the box.  He said aloud, “Bastards.”  He was cussing the goons as he unwrapped the shoes.  “I was saving this pair for next year.”
Albert walked to the shower in the head.  However, he wasn’t there for another bath.
During Teleport’s construction, Albert took two months to design the concealed office.  He required the room to be easily accessible, yet be only accessible by him.  No one else knew exactly how to reach the hidden doorway.  The first line of disguise was the moveable bulkhead.  However, moveable meant, “Not attached.”  Not attached meant the false bulkhead would vibrate, it would have visible seams, and it would deflect under external pressure.  Any of the aforementioned would threaten the hidden nature of the office.  In the end, Albert designed a simple solution.  A redundant system for hiding the office entrance was complete.
Albert laughed, as he unlocked the two hidden latches, one upper and one lower, located on the right side of the shower stall.  As he pulled, the shower stall pivoted on its hinges.  The shower drain and plumbing moved with the stall; the hoses having been installed with sufficient length to allow ease of movement.
Standing in the floor where the shower once stood, Albert pressed two buttons, one on each side of the cubby area vacated by the shower.  Each button appeared to be a functional screw head, like the other twenty screws equidistantly spaced along the walls.
The action of pressing the buttons engaged four solenoids, one on the top of the door, two along the vertical length and one on the bottom.  Then, the computer system sent a final command for the Open Door sequence.  A fifth solenoid pushed the door, opening it into the small office.  At fifteen inches wide, the doorway was very narrow.  There was no reason for any extra width.
Albert walked to the galley, picked up the phone and gun, and returned to the office.  He stepped through the opening, turned on the lights, and gazed at his secret office.  It was more similar in size to a small walk in closet.  Nevertheless, it met his needs perfectly.
Albert needed to hurry.  He disassembled the Ruger SR9c.  After ten minutes, with a lint free cloth and some mineral oil, the gun looked good as new.  He had stopped any further damage caused by the salt water, but had no intention of carrying the gun today.  It would have to be tested, later, after he was on the open water.
Next came the phone.  This was a more delicate surgery.  It took Albert twenty minutes to disassemble it and wash the components with alcohol.  He left the individual parts to air dry on the table.  Another weapon in his arsenal had been benched, for the moment.
Albert opened one of the overhead cabinets and removed a different Ruger SR9c.  Then, he unplugged a duplicate smartphone from its charger on the wall.  He turned on the phone and double-checked its connectivity.  It was an electronic clone of his other phone, the one now drying out from its unplanned swim.  Back in business, Albert closed up the cabinets and stepped out of the tiny office.  He put the replacement phone in his pocket and the replacement gun under his belt.  Other than a really sore neck, and his shoulder turning purple, Albert was as ready as possible.
Albert reversed his sequence, first closing the small doorway with the screw head buttons, then pivoting the shower into position, and finally latching it securely.  He walked back to the galley and put his wallet back together.  It was a little soggy, but was functional.
“Ding.  Ding.  Round 2 starts now.”  He said loudly, as he headed for the forward companionway stairs.

Chapter 12
Karl Remons was lying on the cold marble floor; wide streaks of dark red spread all around him.
Remons had hand picked the marble flooring – each individual slab.  The marble was almost pure white, with exception of the dark red veins.  The veins were almost the color of blood, and he loved the appearance.  The craftsmen spent four days installing the floor.  Remons selected the exact placement of each slab.
Remons sat up.  He was no longer sweating, but still felt paralyzed by the situation with the strange caller.  Two hours had passed since the caller had said, “I’ll be late.”  How late was he going to be?  Was this a joke?  No, it couldn’t be.  No one joked with Karl Remons.  Joking with Karl Remons ended in a quick exit for the prankster.
It was Friday afternoon.  Normally, Remons enjoyed this day of the week.  Friday was hunting day.  There was always some type of game in season.  He hated missing any opportunity for a successful and productive hunt.
“SCREW THIS!”  Remons screamed loudly.  “No nameless, faceless jackass is going to ruin my day!”
No one could hear him.  Therefore, no doting lemming came running to his side to offer assistance.  Remons reached for his desk, as leverage.  He pulled himself up, walked to his chair, and buzzed Elizabeth.  When she answered, he said, “Get the pilot on the roof.  Now!”  Then he hung up the phone.
Elizabeth got up from her desk and ran across the hallway.  The sign on the office door read “Helicopter Pilot”.  Remons did not allow his employees to have nameplates, at least not any that included the actual name of the employee.  He believed employees were most productive when they felt threatened and insecure.  He also believed names on nameplates created lazy and complacent employees.
Elizabeth knocked and opened the door.  “Your turn, Max.  I don’t know where you are taking him.  He wants to leave now.”
“No worries.  This should get him out of your hair for the rest of the day.”  Max was Remons personal helicopter pilot, right now.  He had been with Remons Global for six months, a relatively long time for flying Remons around.  Remons usually fired a pilot within a month of hire.
Elizabeth said, “Thanks.  Good luck with the weekend.  I hope that the bastard will drink himself silly tonight.  It sure would be nice to enjoy a Saturday without him calling.”
Max walked out of the office and headed to the stairwell.  He ran up the stairs, skipping every other step.  Once on the roof, Max walked to the helicopter.  He completed his visual walk around, released the tie down straps, and climbed into the left front seat.  Max knew the start up sequence, but followed the written checklist anyway.  Once the engines were running and rotation engaged, Max texted Elizabeth.  “I’m ready.  Send him up.”
Elizabeth texted Remons, “The helicopter is ready for your arrival.”  Again, there would be no courtesy response from Remons.
Remons walked over to his private elevator and pressed the “Up” arrow.  The doors opened and he stepped inside.  This was his exclusive use elevator, installed only to travel between his office and the rooftop.  He pressed “H”, the doors closed, the elevator moved upward, and the doors opened.  Remons walked to the helicopter and climbed in his private rear cabin.
He pressed the intercom button, barking at Max, “Take me to the other building.”
Max smiled.  He had guessed correctly.  They were flying less than one mile away.  Max lifted off.  Less than a minute later, he landed the helicopter on the staff office building.
As Remons opened the cabin door, he pressed the intercom, and yelled, “Stay here!”  Then he got out and walked to the rooftop elevator.  As he stepped on the elevator, a wide smile crossed his face.  “Here we go, boys.  Who’s for dinner tonight?”
The senior management team occupied three floors of the building, floors 23, 24, and 25.  This had always presented a challenge for Remons.  Every week, he would ponder which floor to pick.  Today, he devised a new solution for the problem.  The building stood thirty-one stories tall.  Remons first pressed the button for the ground floor, sending the elevator down along its path.  Now with his thumbs, one on each of two buttons, and his right index finger on the third, he waited.  This was all a big joke to him.
As the elevator passed floor 26, Remons pressed all the buttons simultaneously and yelled, “Let the gods decide!”  He laughed loudly.  The elevator doors opened on floor 24.  Remons eased slowly to the edge of the elevator door.  He quietly and discretely surveyed the environment.
He wasn’t quiet enough.  The herds sighted him and chaos erupted around the office.  Well-educated, highly paid men were scurrying around; sensing imminent death like crazed cattle in the slaughter yard.
“What a day to be alive!”  Remons said loudly.
Remons strolled casually around the offices.  He stopped periodically, chatting with three different managers about nothing important.  Just getting in some “face time” as he would sometimes say.  Then, he spotted the rare animal in its natural environment, just briefly, from the corner of his right eye.  He could not remember the prey’s name, exactly.  It may be Rogers?  No, Rogerson!  That was it.
He had to be cunning, lest his prey slip out of his sights, escaping through a stairwell or elevator.  Remons seemingly ignored the prey, turning down an aisle and increasing the spacing between himself and Rogerson.  Then, Remons pounced.  Not so gazelle like, Remons pushed aside a man sitting at a desk, stepped in his now empty chair, stepped on the desk, jumped over the cubicle wall and across another employee’s desk, finally reaching the aisle where his prey stood frozen.
“Rogerson!”  Remons voice boomed, as he stared at the prey.
Ted Rogerson was the vice president of international operations, responsible for the Asia region.  He joined Remons Global in 1993 and had recently received his 20-year service award.
“Yes, sir,” Rogerson replied.  He was already turning pale.
“Done!  Finished!  Go home.  Buy a lottery ticket.  You can’t have that bad of luck!”  Remons then turned around, facing the other people in the office.  He yelled loudly, “I expect better results on Monday!”
Walking back to the elevator, Remons was laughing again, now much, much louder.  Today’s firing would encourage everyone to work all weekend.  No one knew what he meant by “better results on Monday.”  Hell, even Remons himself didn’t know what he meant.  It was just a nebulous and intimidating command designed to inflict the most possible fear.
The elevator doors opened on the roof, and he walked back to the helicopter.  Max opened the cabin door for Remons.  He climbed in, saying nothing more than, “The Owner.”

Chapter 13
It was 4:30 PM, on the first day of summer.
After locking up Teleport, Albert walked swiftly down the pier.  This day was not going the way he had planned.  It was time for things to get back on track.  Working in the auto industry, he knew first hand the pressure of playing catch up.  When a stamping press stopped working, the race to get it repaired started.  Once the press was again operational, the production operators had to work harder.  They had to work longer hours.  They had to be creative and get more products out in less time.
Albert passed through the security gate, making sure it closed behind him.  He headed toward the gas dock.  Walking in the small dockside storefront, Albert looked through the window and saw James perched on a stool.  He was slouched over, his left shoulder leaning against the wall.  He was asleep.
Albert pushed open the door and a bell above the door jingled, waking James.
“Hey, Captain,” James said with a slight smile, as he opened his eyes.  “Feeling better?  Those guys didn’t bust you up too badly, did they?”
Albert looked at him puzzled, “What ‘those guys’ are you talking about?  You said one guy assaulted me, and that he was wearing sunglasses and carrying a bat.  What gives?”
James wasn’t bothered by the discrepancy.  “Yeah, of course it was the one guy that hit you.  I’m just kinda guessing it was the guys who ruffled our feathers earlier in the day.  No worries, dude.  We are on the same side here.”
Albert smiled and dropped the subject.  “I’m headed out for a quick dinner.  Care to join me?  I feel bad about you getting hassled on my account earlier today.”
James jumped off the stool.  He was awake now.  “Sure!  I was closing up the gas dock for the night, anyway.  Can you wait ten minutes while I lock everything up?”
“Tell you what.  Meet me over at the coffee shop, the one on the end of the pier.  The one where the young waitress works.”
“Veronica?  Yeah.  Sure!  I know the place.  I’ll be there in a jiffy, Captain.”  James shot off the goofy salute again.  It was getting obnoxious, but James was harmless.  Albert guessed James enjoyed having someone around who treated him like an actual person.  James was probably invisible to most of the yacht owners, the yachties as they were sometimes called.
Albert walked out of the gas dock store, found the pathway back to the main pier attraction area, and weaved his way to the coffee shop.  He was about fifty feet away and had already spotted Veronica.  “Good, she’s still working”, he thought to himself.  Albert slowed his pace to a casual stroll, took a few deep breaths, and finished walking the distance.  She noticed him walking up to her small establishment.
“Hi, Veronica,” Albert wanted to get in the first word.
“Hi there.  Albert, right?”  Veronica said with her cheerful smile.  She had been working for ten long hours.  There was still an abnormal abundance of cheer, but it was seriously toned down from earlier in the day.  “Back for more?  I was closing up, but there’s always time for more coffee.”
Albert replied, “If you don’t mind, I would like a cup.  It doesn’t have to be fresh.”
“Don’t be silly,” Veronica was laughing now.  “I don’t serve stale coffee to anyone.  Bad for business.”
Albert wanted some questions answered, before James showed up.  He pressed on.  “Did anyone stop by this morning asking about me?  After I left?  Maybe someone from The Owner?”
Veronica looked surprised by the question.  “No.  Were you expecting someone?”
Albert shrugged his shoulders.  “Not really.  I bumped into a couple of guys this afternoon.  It was nothing.  Don’t worry about it.”
About that time, James was running up.  “Ready, Captain!  Hey, Veronica.”
Veronica grinned at him.  “Hi, James.  Want some coffee?  It’s on the house.”
James smiled back at her.  “No, thanks.  The Captain and me, we…”  He liked Veronica, having asked her out on three occasions.  He felt guilty that she was not invited to dinner.
Albert jumped in to save James.  “James is keeping an eye on my boat while I’m in town.  I’m treating him to dinner, as a special thank you.”  Looking at James, but talking to Veronica, he said, “You are welcome to join us.  That is, if James doesn’t mind.”
James enthusiastically replied, “No.  I don’t mind at all.”
“Thanks, anyway.  I’m busy this evening.  Friday night with my sister.  I appreciate the invite, though.  You two boys have fun.  I need to get the store closed up.”  With that comment, she turned and walked away.
Albert looked at James, shrugged, and said, “Let’s eat.  What are you—”
He was interrupted by a huge gust of wind, along with the deafening sounds of a helicopter.  Remons’ helicopter was touching down on the landing pad of The Owner.
“Take a look at that, Captain!”  James exclaimed.  “What a way to travel.  You know that guy makes waves everywhere he goes.  I wish I had that kinda dough.”
Albert wasn’t listening to James.  His mind was racing.  Another opportunity to eat was about to be lost.  Getting back on schedule was more important.  He said, “Listen carefully.  Dinner has to wait.  I need to have a talk with the guys on The Owner.”
James shook his head, saying, “Captain, stay away from there.  It’s not a good idea.  That dude, Remons, he’s bad news.  He doesn’t like strangers.”
Albert said, “Thanks for the warning.  I have some business with Remons.  Don’t worry.  I can handle myself.”  Changing the subject, he said, “Are you doing anything tonight?  In a hurry to get home to the family?”
James seemed sullen.  “No, I don’t have any plans.  There’s no family.  Just me.”
Albert disappointed himself.  He had guessed an incorrect story about James.  He had an idea.  “I told you earlier about the game - Giants and Marlins.  The game starts at 7:15.  Let’s kill two birds with one proverbial stone.  We can watch the game, eat some bratwurst, and knock back a couple of beers.”
James grinned.  “I’m not sure about the rocks and birds.  But baseball, brats and beer sounds awesome!”
“It’s settled, then.  Let’s meet back here at the coffee shop at 6:30.  But first, I need a favor.”  Albert discreetly removed the gun from his belt.  “I need you to take this back to the gas dock.  Hide it somewhere in your store.  DO NOT tell anyone.”
James looked pale.  “Sure, Captain.”  Then he perked up, saluted, and said, “At your service.”
“I mean it, James.  Don’t play with it.  Don’t shoot it.  Just go hide it and meet me back here at 6:30.  We can pick it up after the game.”
James started walking away.  “No problem.  I’m good at following instructions.  See you at 6:30.  Thanks again for inviting me.  I want to see a grand slam.  Always a bunch of fireworks when that happens!”
Albert had a second problem – the phone and wallet.  He could not risk losing them, at the hands of the guards aboard The Owner.  He noticed Veronica locking up the coffee shop.  It was primarily an outdoor venue.  The kitchen and service counter were in a small building.  Also inside were a few small tables and a long, narrow bar top table.  Most days, the patrons would place their orders inside, choosing the outside tables to enjoy the food and drink.
Albert walked over to the door, startling her.  “I’m sorry.  Didn’t intend to scare you.”
Veronica waved off the apology.  “I thought you and James were going to eat,” she replied.
Albert said, “Not yet.  We decided to go to the game tonight, instead.  Lots of good stuff to eat there.”  He smiled at her, trying to warm the conversation for his big request.  “Listen, I need a favor.  You don’t know me.  And, I really would not blame you, if you said no.”
Veronica said nothing, but “No” was already written on her face.
He continued, “Some guy tried to mug me earlier today.  It was—”
She interrupted, “Are you okay?  What happened?”
“I’m fine.  I think maybe James scared them away.  It happened near the guest docks.”
Veronica glanced around the area.  “Watch him – James.  He’s a freelancer.”
She pointed to The Owner.  “James worked for Remons, a few years back.  Supposedly, he just works the gas dock now.  He was fired from Remons’ staff.  I heard he was incompetent.  That probably means he has a conscience.”
“Wow,” Albert said, as he now thought about James’ different versions of the mugging story.
“So?  Why did you tell me about the mugging?”
Albert continued, “The mugger, he didn’t take my wallet or phone.  The point is I’m a little nervous to walk around on the streets, with my wallet and phone.  I know its stupid to worry that it could happen again.  Anyway, will you lock up my wallet and phone inside the coffee shop tonight?”
“Sure.  That’s not a big favor.  It’s nothing.  I’ll see you in the morning, then, for coffee?”
Albert dropped the big request.  “Yes, I will be here for coffee in the morning.  But I really need my wallet and phone tonight - after the game.”
She said nothing.  Her face was doing the talking.  It was saying, “Hell, No!”
He continued, “Like I said, you don’t know me.  But, can I borrow a spare key to the store?  I’ll pick up my stuff late tonight and lock up the place again.  I promise not to steal anything, and I certainly won’t tell your boss.”
She was frowning.  He had crossed the line.  “First, I’m the boss.  I own this place.  I started this business, and I work hard everyday to stay in business.”
Albert apologized, “I really am sorry.  I just assumed otherwise.  It was insensitive.”
Veronica continued, “Second, I do not know you.  However, I believe most people are inherently good.  That is most people.”  She was staring at The Owner.  “Anyway, I will give you a key.  There’s nothing in there to steal, except for bags of coffee, tea, and frozen food.  The cash receipts have already been picked up.  Tomorrow’s opening cash is locked in the safe.  I doubt you can do any harm.”
“Thank you.  I’ll pay you back for the fav—”
She kept talking.  “Know this:  I believe most people are good.  But, just in case, I will take pictures of your wallet contents.  If I come in tomorrow, and my place is trashed, the pictures go to the cops.  Is it agreed?”
Albert smiled, “Deal!  Thank you.”
With that settled, Veronica opened the door, and they went inside.  Albert pulled out his wallet, opened it, and removed its contents.  He placed each item on the counter.  There were the usual items: a Michigan Drivers License, two credit cards, and three hundred dollars in cash.  Not so unusual, there also were two magnetic key cards.  Veronica used her phone and snapped pictures of each item.  Then, Albert put his wallet back together.  He placed it, along with the phone, underneath the service counter.  Veronica turned off the lights and walked out of the store.
Albert watched her lock the door and set the alarm.  She said, “Here’s the spare key.  The alarm code is 1-9-9-7.”
Albert stood there stunned.
Veronica noticed, saying, “What’s wrong?”
“I’m fine, sorry.”  He had to know why.  “I know a little about human behavior.  That key combination isn’t very secure.  Most people choose some significant year.  It’s usually something easy for criminals to figure out – like a birthday or graduation or marriage year.”
He continued, “You are not sixteen years old.  And I doubt you graduated school, or were married, at a really young age.”
She said, “You are on the right path.  It does have significance.  My mom died shortly after I was born.  My dad raised my sister and me as a single parent.  He died in 1997.  I was nine years old.”
She pointed at the sign, saying, “I named it, Dad’s Coffee & More, after him.  He loved coffee and coffee making machines.  He was always on a search for the perfect coffee maker.  By the time he died, Dad owned thirty-six coffee making machines.  They filled a small room in our home.”
Albert said, “That’s a wonderful story.  Your dad would be really proud of you.  I need to get going.  Thanks again for the favor.  I’ll be around early in the morning for some coffee.  What time do you open the store on Saturdays?”
Her cheerful disposition suddenly reappeared.  “Six!  Rain or shine, summer and winter, hot or cold!  I’m just like the mailman.  I just deliver caffeine instead of mail!  Very predictable.”
Albert said, “So, I’ll see you in the morning.  It may not be six, exactly.  However, I will be here.  I’m not predictable, but I am very loyal.”
Albert walked away, heading toward The Embarcadero.  Part of the way there, he stopped by a bench and sat down.  Removing the shoe from his left foot, he lifted the cushioned liner and placed the key beneath.  He wasn’t worried about losing the key to Dad’s Coffee & More.  He was worried about losing his shoes.  If he lost his shoes, that meant Remons had won.  Albert would probably be dead, and that would be a bigger problem.

Chapter 14
Elizabeth sent Veronica a text message, saying, “I’m leaving work now.  Are you home yet?”
Walking along Lombard Street, Veronica read the message.  She responded, “Almost home.  Baker’s Place and the drinks are calling.”
Veronica arrived at their apartment and walked up three flights of stairs.  She unlocked the knob and the deadbolt.  Sighing, she opened the door, walked in, and fell on the sofa.  She wanted to get in a few minutes of sleep.
The apartment was a modest, two bedroom unit.  The sisters shared a bathroom.  There was little distinction separating the kitchen from the living room.  It was more of a single room; kitchen appliances along one wall and living furniture along the windows overlooking the street.  A narrow table set along the entry door wall, with a small television resting atop it.
Veronica woke to the sound of the entry door unlocking.  She looked at the wall clock, saying, “A twenty minute catnap.  Perfect!”  Before Elizabeth could make it fully through the doorway, Veronica was off the sofa and hugging her sister.  “Friday night.  Let’s unwind!”
Elizabeth closed the door and smiled at Veronica.  “I agree.  It was another shitty day in Remons Tower.  How am I ever going to survive working there?”
Veronica would allow no negative talk, not right now.  It was time to drink.  “Come on, Debbie Downer.”  She hugged her big sister again, opened the door, and pushed her into the hallway.
They descended the three flights of stairs, returned to street level, and casually strolled toward Baker’s Place.  Only two blocks away, it was their favorite Friday night starting point.  Two, three, or four drinks later, they would leave Baker’s Place and search out their next stop, a nice dinner in one of the nearby restaurants.  Usually, they were home by eleven.  Elizabeth worked most Saturdays, and Veronica worked every Saturday.
The sisters did not struggle with any real money problems.  In exchange for Elizabeth’s servitude, Remons paid her more than one hundred thousand dollars each year.  Veronica’s coffee shop revenues could not compete with her sister’s salary, but she still netted, on average, around one thousand dollars each week.  Together, the women lived comfortably.  They worked hard for their lifestyle and neither one of them ever doubted it.
Baker’s Place was already brimming with patrons.  The sisters walked in and found a table overlooking the street.  The menus were on the table; they remained closed.  This was their usual place, and both knew the menu by heart.  Jeff came over to the table.  He was one of the waiters.  “Say, girls.  What’s up?”
Elizabeth did not hesitate.  “Hey, Jeff.  Same shit as always.  Now get me a drink!”  She pounded jokingly on the table and smiled at him.  “You know what I want.  Why did you waste time walking to the table?”  She was trying her best to impersonate Remons.
Veronica was laughing.
Jeff smiled at her.  He whispered, “You ain’t got it, Liz.  The asshole syndrome starts from birth.  He’s been practicing a lot longer than you.”
Veronica jumped in, “Jeff, I want a Maker’s on the rocks.  And, right behind that, bring me a shot of tequila.  You pick the brand.  I’m ordering for Liz.  She’s had a tough day and her decision-making abilities are gone.  She will have… a vodka tonic, twist of lemon.  It should be followed immediately by a vodka tonic, twist of lemon.  Got it?”  She started laughing.
Every Friday, this was their routine.  Jeff, as well as the other servers, knew the drill.  He laughed at Veronica, saying, “Yes, ma’am.  Coming right up.”
“So, how was business today?”  Elizabeth was talking to Veronica, but staring off into space.
“It was fine.  Gross receipts right on track.  A normal Friday.”  Veronica switched the subject.  “Liz, you have to leave the office at the office.  Cheer up.”
“I can never get away.  Look at me!  I’ve probably looked at the Remons Leash four times, and that’s just since we sat down.”  She pointed to the phone lying precariously on the edge of the table.
“I’m sorry.  Is there anything I can do to help?”
Elizabeth seemed to relax.  “You’re already doing it.  I’m the one that should be sorry.  Let’s enjoy the evening.  He probably already has the first drink down and is working on number two.  Besides, once the game starts at seven, I definitely can stop worrying.  Remons won’t remember the end of the game.  Hopefully, his hangover will be a killer, and I won’t get a call until after lunch tomorrow.”
Veronica grinned.  “Yep, he’s already on The Owner.  I was locking up as the helicopter was landing.”
“By the way,” she continued.  “Remember that guy I told you about this morning?”
Jeff walked up, interrupting the conversation.  “Here you go, ladies.  Drink slowly.  There are two guys at the bar already eyeballing the two of you.”  He snickered and walked away.
Elizabeth got the conversation back on track.  “The guy from the marina?  The one who showed up this morning in the big sailboat?”
Veronica went on.  “Yes.  Anyway, he stopped by again this afternoon, when I was locking up.  He wanted to know if anyone from The Owner had asked about him.  He said that a couple of guys were hassling him today.  And, get this!  He was also mugged.”
“Wow.  Bad first day on dry land for him.”  Elizabeth smirked and said sarcastically.  “What did you say to him?  Is this man just some rich crazy person?  You know… there’s a few of those around these parts.”  She laughed.
 Veronica frowned at her older sister.  “Don’t be so cynical.  No one asked about him.  That’s what I said when he asked.  It’s the truth.  I don’t think he’s crazy.  He left depressing, ugly Michigan, and came to bright, sunny California.  There’s nothing crazy about that!”
They both giggled and finished off the first round.
The sisters yelled, at the same time, “JEFF!”

Chapter 15
It was 5:32 PM, on the first day of summer.
Albert walked to The Embarcadero, turned left, and kept walking until he reached the pier where The Owner floated.  He headed down the private walkway.  Matching his pacing, two men walked from the end of the pier toward him.  Albert said quietly, “Like I said, it’s Round Two.”
The two men blocked any further progress for Albert.  They were not from the earlier visit to Teleport.  They had the same attitude, though, and were dressed exactly the same.
The first guard said, “Go away.  Now.”
Albert was in the lion’s den.  It did not matter what was said at this point, either by him or Remons’ goons.  “Three words?  Big vocab you have there.  I want to see Remons.”
The second guard pushed Albert and laughed.  “Go.  Now.”
Now it was Albert’s turn in the abbreviated verbal sparring match they seemed to be having.  “Two words?  You must still be in training.  What skill will let you graduate to three words?”
The first guard stepped forward.  “Leave now.  This pier is not safe.  There are no protective railings.  The water is very deep and very cold.”
“I see,” Albert, mused, looking upward as if in deep thought.  “So, listen jackass, I have an opportunity for you.  This opportunity allows you to not look stupid with your boss.  This opportunity probably allows you to keep your job.  Pass it up, and I’m guessing Remons may only have you fired, if you are lucky.  If you are unlucky, well…who knows?”  He seemed to have the second guard’s attention.  The other man was a little less smart.
The second guard stepped forward.  “What do you want with Mr. Remons?”
“Now, we are getting somewhere”, Albert thought.  Then he said, “Just give him a message.  Tell him the NEW owner is here.”  Albert was laughing to himself, thinking about the scam artist earlier in the day.
The second guard buckled.  He must be jockeying for a closer position to Remons.  “Wait here.  I will be back.”  With that, he headed down the pier, walked up the gangway, and boarded The Owner.
Once onboard, the guard proceeded to the forward staircase and climbed two flights of stairs.  Remons was sitting on the upper deck.  He was drinking a martini and gazing at the Golden Gate Bridge.  He noticed the guard approaching.
Remons bellowed, “What?  I told everyone to leave me alone.  I thought you liked your job.”
The guard responded, “Yes, sir.  I love my job.  Sir, there’s some vagrant on the pier.  He’s insisting to see you.”
Remons seemed equally amused and angered.  He said, “Really?  Go away, dumbass.  I thought you were smarter!”
“Sir,” the guard continued.  “He made some weird comment.  He said to tell you ‘the NEW owner was here’.  I wasn’t sure what to do.”
Remons dropped his martini glass.  One of his attendants ran up, quickly cleaning the mess from the spilled drink.  Speaking softly to the guard, Remons said, “Don’t keep the man waiting.  Bring him up here.”
The guard was now a little shocked.  “Yes?  Yes, sir!  Right away, sir.”  He scurried off, running back down the two sets of stairs and out on the pier.
Returning, he whispered in the ear of his fellow guard.  Hearing the news, the guard looked like a gut punch had hit him.  Then he spoke.  “Mr. Remons has agreed to see you.”
The second guard said, “Follow me.”
Albert smiled at both of them and said nothing.  This had gone a little smoother than anticipated.  Things were back on schedule.

Chapter 16
Twenty one hundred miles east of San Francisco, Plant 37’s second shift crew was enjoying their final break of the day.  It was also the last day of the workweek, as Saturday was not scheduled for production.  This was always a welcome relief for the thousands of employees working at the plant.
Mike Bell, the second shift production manager, was not enjoying his break.  There was a problem.  Both of the boilers, located in the Mechanical building, were malfunctioning.  This was serious.  The plant needed the boilers to finish the remaining week’s work.  They supplied steam heat for all of the finishing operations in the plant.
The plant could limp through the end of second shift.  However, the boilers had to be functional on Sunday night, once the plant restarted for its new week.  Several maintenance employees were about to lose their weekend off.  They would have to work all weekend making repairs.
The Mechanical building was the heart of the manufacturing plant.  Without it, Plant 37 could not function.  The heart was connected to the main section of Plant 37 by a service bridge.  The umbilical cables ran along the bridge, connecting the larger manufacturing plant to the Mechanical building.  They serviced different functions.  There were hydraulics, pneumatics, steam, electrical, and waste treatment.  The building stood prominently near the rear of Plant 37’s acreage.
Mike walked through the entrance of the building.  He found Ted Smith squatted on the floor, peering up through a small opening by Boiler #1, flashlight in hand.  He was sweating profusely.  The room was always twenty degrees warmer than the outside temperature, and it was a hot summer night in Michigan on top of that.
“Tell me something good,” Mike looked expectantly at Ted.
Ted stood up, grimacing at both his knees and the boilers.  “Nothing good here, boss.  We have trouble.  I’ve already called my wife and cancelled our weekend fishing trip.  Both boilers are going down.”
“Damn it!”  Mike said loudly.
Mike had worked at Plant 37 for more than twenty years.  This problem really was not too surprising.  Fate always seemed to rear its ugly side on Friday nights.  He spent the last four hours of each Friday night waiting; he was waiting for what everyone called the “Friday Night Surprise”.  Some type of problem usually occurred late on Friday.  It could be a customer complaint, an equipment breakdown, or an employee injury.  Occasionally, there was no surprise.  Tonight, they weren’t going to be so lucky.
Mike rubbed his temples.  “What do you need?”
Ted smiled at him.  Ted had also worked at Plant 37 for more than twenty years.  He could predict Mike’s reaction to any problem.  “Well, there’s nothing any of us will be doing tonight.  The boilers have to cool down.  We won’t break them open until late Saturday morning.  I have already called the dayshift maintenance supervisor.  He’s bringing his people in at nine, tomorrow.  My team will relieve them at five, tomorrow afternoon.  The graveyard boys got lucky.  They don’t have to come in tonight.  They will be called in tomorrow for a midnight shift.”
“Thanks, Ted.  I’m going to get the main plant shut down and let everyone go home a little early tonight.  Anything else you need?”
Ted said, “Nope.  I’m finishing up here.”
About that time, one of Ted’s employees, Frankie Roberts, walked up.  He had checked the building for other personnel.
Ted turned to him.  “Are we ready?”
“Hi, Mike,” Frankie ignored the question, momentarily.  Then looking at Ted, he said, “We’re ready.  I have walked the building.  There’s no one else in here.  Let’s lock up and go home.  I want to see my son tonight and break the bad news in person.  We are rebuilding an engine in his car.  I won’t have time to help him this weekend.”
“Sorry,” Ted replied.  He put his hands over both ears, frowned, and said, “My wife already gave me an earful.  I know how you feel.”
Mike, Ted, and Frankie walked out of the building.  Ted locked the doors and activated the alarm system.

Chapter 17
It was 6:15 PM, on the first day of summer.
A guard walked ahead of Albert.  When they reached the gangway, two more goons stepped out of The Owner and stood on the gangway.
Albert smiled at them, saying, “You guys are like rabbits.  Are you all brothers?”
Neither of the guards spoke.
“Go on!”  One of the guards pushed him.  “They will take you to Mr. Remons.”
Albert walked up the gangway.  As he stepped aboard, the two guards grabbed him, one on each arm.  “Take it easy, boys.  I come in peace and suggest you let go of me.”
“Strip!”
“I’m not your type,” Albert said flatly.
The fellow guard said, “Do what he said, now!”
Albert decided it was quicker to play along.  He had a baseball game to watch.
“This is only for the two of you, not for the other goons.”  Albert took off his sweater, shirt, shoes, and pants.  Standing in his briefs, he said, “This too, or is your imagination sufficient?”
“That’s fine.  We don’t want to see your business.”
The two guards went through his clothing.  There was nothing to be found, except for the key.  They did not find it.  Satisfied, one said, “Get dressed.”
Albert redressed.
A guard pointed to the staircase.  “Go to the top deck.”
Albert climbed the two flights of stairs.  He arrived on the upper outside deck of The Owner.  Sitting in a deck chair looking nervously at Albert was Karl Remons.  He walked over to the sitting area.  Remons motioned for him to sit down.
“Hello, I am Karl Remons.  But, you know that already.  What do you want?”
Albert smiled to himself.  Remons was nervous.  With a firm, business voice, Albert said, “Hi, Karl.”
Remons was visibly shaken.  “My name is Mr. Remons.  Do not call me Karl.  Who are you?  What do you want?”
“Karl, I want you to calm down,” Albert’s tone was as if he were talking to an employee, not the multi-billionaire, Karl Remons.  He was enjoying this more than anticipated.
“I asked you a question.  Why are you here?”  Remons tried to say it with authority, but it wasn’t convincing.
Albert stared intently at Remons.  He pointed to the guard standing nearby.  He said, “Your goons, they shook me down earlier today.  I didn’t like that.  Tell them to leave me alone.  It would be very bad for you, if they kept bothering me.”
“Hold on a minute,” Remons replied.  He waved his hand at the guard.  Remons whispered something in his ear.  The guard whispered something back.
“Teleport?”  Remons asked.
“Yep.  That’s me.”  Albert replied with a big smile.  “Like I said, your goons shook me down.  It was not good for that to have happened.  Does that make sense to you, Karl?”
Remons sat quietly, darkly staring at him.  Albert could see the unabashed evil in Remons’ eyes.
Remons finally said, “I don’t know who you are.  What is your name?”
Albert was using every opportunity to push Remons’ buttons.  “Like I said, Karl…”
“Fine!  I will tell them to leave you alone.  Anything else?”  Remons was sweating.
Albert said, “No, can’t think of anything at the moment.  I’m going to the ballgame and don’t want to be late.  Are you going?”
“That’s not your business!  Is there anything else?”  Remons was regaining his testosterone.  It was time for Albert to go.
“No, that’s all, Karl.  Thanks for keeping your thugs away from me.”  With that comment, Albert stood up and walked toward the staircase.  He continued down the two flights of stairs, stepped off the ship, and walked down the gangway.  No one stopped him.
Yes, things were definitely back on schedule.
It was late.  He promised to meet James at 6:30, and it was past that time.  Albert took off in a jog, turning right at the end of Remons’ pier and heading west along The Embarcadero.  Reaching Pier Marina, he turned right again, still at a slow run.  Jogging up to the coffee shop, he saw James sitting on an outside bench.  He looked dour, and Albert understood.  He was nearly ten minutes late.
“Hey, James!”  Albert jogged up, waving to the kid.
James leapt to his feet – all smiles.  “Hey, Captain!  I was wondering if you would show.  Thought maybe you ditched me.”
“Sorry about that.  My new friends and I were in an engaging conversation.”  Albert pointed to The Owner.
James said, “I wouldn’t want that guy for a friend, Captain.  Be careful.”
“No worries.  I can handle Remons.”  Albert continued, “I need to pick up a couple of things.  Hang on.”  Albert walked to the coffee shop entrance, pulled the key from his shoe, and put the key in the door.  Then, he pressed 1-9-9-7 in the keypad.  Finally, he unlocked the door and walked inside.
James followed him.  “What are you up to, Captain?  Why do you have a key to Veronica’s place?”
Albert grabbed his wallet and phone.  Then he locked the door, set the alarm, and returned the key to his shoe.  There was no time to waste.  The opening pitch was in twenty minutes.  He said, “I’ll explain later.  I don’t think we have time to walk.  Run ahead and hail us a cab.  I’ll be right behind you.”
“Sure, Captain!”  James said.  He sprinted for the main street.
Albert quickly checked the wallet contents.  Everything was there.  Then he checked the phone.  No messages from Teleport.  That was a good sign.  He took off running to catch up with James.
James waved at him.  “Over here.  Let’s hurry!”
Albert jumped in the cab with James.  He said to the driver, “Front entrance of Giants stadium.  We don’t want to miss the first pitch.  A good tip if you will make it quick.”
The driver blasted off.  He knew the fare was small.  It was just two miles or so.  He was working for the tip.  The driver weaved through the traffic just like a professional skier runs the gates of a downhill race.  They arrived in ten minutes.
James and Albert got out of the cab.  The fare was less than ten dollars.  Albert handed him a twenty and waved thanks.  The unlikely pair ran for the ticket booth.  Out of breath, Albert gasped to the man sitting behind the window.  “Two tickets, home team side, as close to the dugout as we can get.”
The ticket seller checked the computer.  “Row 8, Section 122.  That’s the best I can do.  $78.50 each.  Total is $157.”
Albert dropped two one hundred dollar bills on the counter.
The ticket seller said, “Here’s your change and the tickets.  Enjoy the game.”
The pair ran to the stadium entrance and waited impatiently in the line.  The gate attendant scanned their tickets and they were finally inside the stadium.  Now the running turned into power walking.  James found the correct tunnel, and they trotted up the ramp.
As they stepped out in the open stadium air, the announcer’s voice boomed across the stadium.
“Welcome to tonight’s ballgame.  The Giants are hosting the Marlins.  We have a special treat for everyone.  Ladies and Gentlemen, the honorary first pitch will be thrown by Karl Remons, owner of Remons Global.”

Chapter 18
It was 7:15 PM, on the first day of summer.
James exclaimed, “How about that!”
Albert nudged James.  “Let’s get to our seats.  I want to see the real first pitch.  Not this silly celebrity nonsense.”
They found Section 122, walked down a few rows, and located their seats.  Turned out, the seats were on the aisle.  It could not have been a more perfect view.
Two miles from the ballpark, Baker’s Place was jammed with patrons.  Most of the televisions were tuned to the Giants-Marlins game.  Elizabeth and Veronica were finishing their third round and feeling no pain.
“Liz, look at the television,” Veronica was slightly slurring her words.
Elizabeth looked up.  “What?”
“Your boss just threw the ceremonial pitch,” Veronica pointed at a nearby television.
Elizabeth was uninterested.  “I told you he was going to the ballgame.”
“You didn’t tell me he was part of the ballgame.”
“So?  Why do you care?  I don’t care.  I’m just glad he’s there, and I’m here.”  Elizabeth turned toward the bar.  “Jeff!  We need you over here.”
Jeff walked over, but Veronica waved him off.
Veronica said, “Time to leave, big sister.  Jeff already closed out the tab and it’s time for dinner.”
 “Fine,” Elizabeth slid off the barstool.  She briefly lost her balance and leaned against the table.  Glancing at a television, she caught sight of Remons.  He was wearing a Giants baseball jersey and smiling for the camera.  She flipped off the television with both hands, and said, “Asshole.”
The sisters unsteadily walked down the street.  Veronica suggested Italian.  Elizabeth agreed.  After that, it was easy.  There was one Italian restaurant on their Friday night dining list: Antoine’s.
They casually stumbled the short two blocks and arrived ten minutes later.
“We,” Veronica was very drunk, and was having a hard time stringing her words together cohesively.  “…would like a table for two.”
Antoine laughed at her.  “Veronica, cut it out.  You two get in here.  It has been three weeks.  Have I moved down on your list?”
Elizabeth laughed, just a little too loud.  “Antoine, you are always on the top of my list.  What are you talking about?”
“Let me do the talking,” said Veronica, as she clutched her sister’s arm.
Antoine was smiling at the situation.  “Girls, it seems to me that Baker’s Place got some extra money from you tonight.  Let’s send some food down to swim in those alcohol laden bellies.”
Elizabeth wasn’t interested in sobriety tonight.  “Yes, Antoine.  That sounds like a plan.  Bring us the usual.  Also, bring us a bottle of Pinot Noir.  You pick it.  Just make sure I like it.  I’m not drinking something that doesn’t taste good.  Not tonight.”
Antoine looked at Veronica, a questioning look on his face.  He wasn’t sure if this was a good idea.
“It’s fine,” Veronica made the decision.  “Bring the wine.  A hangover is a hangover.  Doesn’t really matter too much at this point.  I’ll make sure she gets home.”
Antoine shrugged his shoulders.  “Very well.  I’ll put your meal order in and find a nice bottle.  In the meantime, eat some of the fresh bread on the table.  I don’t want either of you getting sick in here.  It is bad for business, you know that, right?”
Elizabeth was muttering at the breadstick in her hand.  “Asshole thinks I’m his slave.  I am a slave trapped in that office.  I hate cell phones.  He always wants stupid things.”
“Liz!”  Veronica had to stop this ramble.  “Snap out of it.  He isn’t worth getting upset over.”  Then she asked, “Why was Remons pitching the ball tonight?  He didn’t want you at the game?”
Elizabeth looked at her.  “I don’t know.  It just came up last week.  Unexpectedly, the stadium manager called.  He asked to talk to Remons.  Of course, Remons refused the call.  Then he asked me to ask Remons if he would throw the pitch today.  When he learned what they wanted, that jackass looked like the cat who ate the canary.”
Chewing on some bread, Elizabeth kept talking.  “He didn’t ask me to be his game servant, thankfully.”
Antoine returned, bringing a bottle of Pinot Noir and two glasses.  Behind him, the chef was carrying two large bowls.  The first one was placed in front of Elizabeth.  It was a huge slice of lasagna.  The second bowl went to Veronica.  It was overflowing with spaghetti, tomato sauce, and four giant meatballs.
Antoine filled their wine glasses.  He stepped back, smiled, and simply said, “Indulge!”
Elizabeth, shoveling down a big spoonful of lasagna, said to Veronica, “Tell me more about your mystery man from today.”
Veronica blushed a little.  “He’s a nice looking man.  Seems really polite, more so than the men around here, anyway.  I don’t know much more than what I told you.  He’s from Michigan and sails a big boat.”
Elizabeth looked at her knowingly.  “Baby sister, men are all dogs.  Don’t get involved.”
Veronica laughed.  “I said he was nice.  I didn’t say I dropped my pants and chased him across the pier!”

Chapter 19
Bill Shefford wearily studied the three, seventy-five inch flat-screen monitors mounted on his office wall.  Something unusual was happening, but all he could do was watch, and wait.
The flat-screens monitored Remons Global operations around the world.  The company had grown rapidly over the past twenty years.  Today, there were one hundred forty eight locations, manufacturing products for a broad range of industries: Automotive, Defense, Transportation, Energy, and Consumer Technology.
Bill was just one of the tools in the Remons toolbox, but he was an important one.  Of course, he managed Plant 1.  However, that was only one of the many aspects of his servitude to Remons.  He was Chief Firefighter, responsible for extinguishing any problem arising at any of the global manufacturing sites.  Any problem.
Across the bay, the game was beginning.  Bill momentarily looked away from the large monitors.  He turned up the volume on a nearby television and watched Remons throw the first pitch.  Remons was grinning.  It was almost unbearable to Bill.  Here he was, standing alone in his own personal prison, exhausting his life for Remons.  He pointed the middle finger of his right hand at the television and turned to survey the monitors.
With so many manufacturing plants, there were always problems.  The monitors were never all green, which indicated no problems existed.  However, the problems were usually something solvable.  Each facility had its own plant manager.  It was his or her responsibility to resolve the problem.  Collectively, the plant managers kept the massive Remons machine on schedule.
As with everything in life, unforeseen, and not easily solvable, situations arise.  In the manufacturing world, it can rapidly result in severe consequences.  Business owners lose money fast.  Employees lose their jobs even faster.  The plant managers, all 148, were continually one production problem away from termination.  This pressure, of a destroyed career and subsequent personal bankruptcy, was a big incentive.  Therefore, the problems were solved 99% of the time without help from one of Bill’s elite teams, known collectively as the Remons Rescue squads.
The Board, that was the combined name for the monitors, showed each plant’s condition on a single line.  The first monitor had fifty lines, continuously reporting operational status of Plants 1 – 50.  The second monitor handled Plants 51 – 100, and the third, Plants 101 – 148.  Plants 149 and 150 were greyed out on the third monitor, as they did not exist, yet.
Tonight, The Board was flashing warnings on twenty-seven rows.  This meant twenty-seven of the one hundred forty eight plants were in some kind of trouble.  Bill wasn’t concerned about most of them, as they were flashing yellow.  The plant managers would, in all likelihood, fix the problems.  The lights would turn back to green and parts would keep flowing.
Bill’s focus was on three plants:
Plant 1 had just begun flashing red.  He was in Plant 1.  It was the R&D Center.  The text on Plant 1’s portion of The Board read, “Work Center 73:  Excessive pneumatic pressure.  System shutdown not working.”
Plant 37 had been flashing red for almost an hour.  He had already placed Remons Rescue on notice.  If the situation did not improve by midnight, the team would be dispatched.  The text on Plant 37’s portion of The Board looked more serious.  It read, “Mechanical Building:  Primary and backup boilers down – repairs begin Saturday.  ***No weekend work scheduled***  Inventory levels at green.”
Plant 114’s problem was further advanced.  It had turned from flashing to solid red earlier that day.  Bill had dispatched Remons Rescue, Team One.  They would be at Plant 114 tomorrow morning, California time.  Plant 114 was located in an Asian country.  It was just one of many international facilities owned by Remons Global.  Its portion of The Board read, “Labor Unrest:  Production workers on strike.  No mechanical issues.  Inventories at yellow.”
Bill decided to look in his own backyard first.  Plant 1 had its own plant manager.  It was not Bill.  He called Samuel Halsop on his mobile.
Samuel Halsop was the Plant Manager at Plant 1.  He was also the first employee Bill had hired for Plant 1, before its opening five years ago.  Sam, as he preferred to be called, answered on the third ring.  “Hey, Bill.  It’s not looking good.”  Then he started laughing.  “I have really enjoyed working for you.  Going to miss our Thursday lunches.”
Bill said, “Cut it out.  I don’t have a lot of power, but your job will probably be safe.”  He was chuckling at Sam.  Laughing beat crying any day.  “What do you think?”
Sam replied, “The pressure is rising fast.  We should evacuate.  I don’t have a good guess where this is headed.  There is no sense risking people’s lives.”  He continued, “Let’s monitor from the far parking lot.  I will set up a couple of cameras and bring the remote monitoring laptops.  Deal?”
Bill had to notify Remons if they vacated the building.  “Let’s get everyone out.  Call me when your men have double verified the building is empty.  Let everyone go home.  Except for the essential people.”  Then, he muttered, “I have to call Remons,” and hung up the phone.
It would take a few minutes for Sam and his men to evacuate the building.  Bill sat down and stared mindlessly at The Board.  Plant 1 was flashing red, with the message “EVACUATE.”  Plant 37 was still flashing red, the message unchanged.  Plant 114 was also still solid red, the message having just changed to “Inventory levels at Red.”  It was going to be a long, long night.
Sam walked in, breaking Bill from his trance.  “All clear.  You and me are the last out.  Time to lock her up and wait this one out.”
Bill looked up.  “I have to let Remons know what’s happening.  Let me send this message and then we can go.”  Bill pulled up a text message window.  He selected Remons public numbered phone, since he didn’t know the private number.  He carefully typed the message and pressed send.  He looked at Sam, and said, “Let’s get out of here.  No time to waste.”
The message to Remons read “R&D Work Center 73 out of bounds.  Evacuation of facility complete.”

Chapter 20
It was 8:17 PM, on the first day of summer.
“Amazing!”  James was jumping up and down screaming.  One of the star players was running for home plate.  “Slide, slide, slide!!!”
Albert was laughing at him.  James acted like baseball was a new experience.  His eyes glowed, just like those of an eight-year-old boy, trying to draw in all of the sights at once.  Albert finished off his second bratwurst, as well as his second beer.
“Fun, huh?”
James sat down.  He was beaming.  “It’s the best time ever, Captain!”
Albert was smiling too, but in a different way.  He thought back on baseball games he watched in Michigan many years ago.  He was enjoying the game now, but he would rather be in Detroit, watching the Tigers with his dad.  “Glad you are enjoying it so much.  How about some more food and another beer?  This is the best eating I have done all day.”
“No way, Captain.  You’re killin’ me.  I’ve already eaten two brats and a pile of nachos.  Not to mention the three beers.  I’m drowning in food right now.”
Albert smiled, “Suit yourself.  I’m not done eat—”
Albert was unable to finish the sentence.  The announcer’s voice boomed across the stadium.  “Ladies and gentlemen.  Excuse me, ladies and gentlemen.”  The stadium went quiet.  This was not routine.
The announcer continued, “Ladies and gentlemen.  We will have a brief delay in the game.  There is no cause for alarm.  Mr. Karl Remons, owner of Remons Global, has an emergency to attend to.  We have been asked, and have agreed, to allow Mr. Remons’ helicopter to land on the field.”
About that time, Remons’ black helicopter was spotted.  It was flying low over the north side of the stadium.  Most likely, it came from The Owner.  Descending slowly and deliberately, the pilot settled the aircraft directly atop home plate.  The rotor wash blew forcefully into the stands.  Food, drink, and loose clothing flew around randomly.
As James’ new baseball hat went flying, he yelled, “What an asshole!”
Karl Remons ran out onto the field, dodging random projectiles thrown from the crowd.  He climbed on board.  Almost instantly, it seemed, the helicopter, along with Karl Remons, was gone.
The announcer’s voice returned, “Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.  We again apologize for the interruption.  Play Ball!”
Albert mused, “It appears Remons is not having a good night.”
The ballpark was alive with energy, again.  Albert and James were laughing, yelling, and often waving their hands up in the air out of excitement.  Albert had never been a father.  Tonight, though, he really appreciated how proud his dad must have been.
In the helicopter, Remons was screaming at Max through the intercom.  “Hurry up!  Where did you learn to fly?  My mother, even with a stick in her eye, could fly better than you!”
Max wanted to drop the aircraft in the cold bay waters.  He had a few words for Remons, but couldn’t afford to lose this job.  He loved flying.  On top of that, he was doing it in one of the best helicopters on the market.  No sense being fired tonight.
“Sir,” Max spoke through the intercom, ignoring the insults.  “I must land in the far parking lot on the property.  We can’t land on the building.  Mr. Shefford is waiting for you there.”
“Fine!  Just hurry up.”
-----
Back at Antoine’s, the women finished off the wine and their dishes.  Antoine dutifully walked over and picked up the plates.  He opted not to offer any more wine.  They were too drunk already.
Elizabeth looked at Antoine.  Her eyes were glassy.  “Antoine, we need another bottle.”
Veronica saved him.  It is hard for a server to cut off a customer.  With a regular customer, the task becomes more difficult.
“No, Liz.  We’ve had enough.”
Elizabeth insisted, “No – we – have – not.  It is not nine o’clock.  We have at least fifteen minutes to drink.  Remember our rule.  Drink ‘til nine.  Then stop.”
Veronica said.  “Yes, that is our rule.  You forgot the other rule.  No hurling!”
They both laughed.  Veronica was by no means sober.  Nevertheless, she had spoken the most important rule of all.  Just like any other drinker, they avoided, or at least attempted to avoid, vomiting.
“Fine!  Have it my…  I mean your way.”  Elizabeth reached for her purse.  “Antoine.  Step it up.  We are ready to go.  There’s a soft mattress calling me.”

Chapter 21
It was 9:28 PM, on the first day of summer.
The score was 3-3.  It was the bottom of the seventh inning.
James was still having fun, but his hyperactive behavior was settling down.  “Say, Captain?  Why did you invite me to the game tonight?  You don’t even know me.”
Albert kept his eyes on the ballgame.  “I felt bad for Remons’ goons hassling you earlier today.  Thought I could make it up to you.”
James responded quietly, “It wasn’t necessary.  Those dudes are always hassling someone.  I’m used to it.  They didn’t hurt me.  I kinda feel bad that you are spending all this cash on me tonight.”
Albert turned to James.  “I said it was something I wanted to do.  The money doesn’t matter.  Money is just a means for having fun and doing good things.  I am truly enjoying the game with you.”
James looked a little embarrassed.
“Not in that way,” Albert now changed the subject.  “You don’t get out much, do you?”  He didn’t mean it as an insult; it was just an observation.
“Nah, I spend most of my time working the gas dock.  Rest of the time - I’m either asleep or picking up odd jobs.  You know.  A man’s gotta make a living.  Sleeping under the stars and eating scraps isn’t fun.  I don’t want to do that again.”
The new pitcher was finishing his warm up.  James yelled, “PLAY BALL!”
-----
Remons Global – Research & Development, also known as Plant 1, was in serious trouble.  Bill Shefford and Samuel Halsop were huddled in a minivan, still sitting in the far parking lot.  They had spent the last thirty minutes brainstorming.  There seemed to be no good solution.
Max eased down the collective, one of the helicopter’s controls, gently settling the aircraft on the same parking lot where Bill and Sam’s van was parked.  He could hear Remons screaming, despite the heavily insulated separation wall.
Remons was yelling into the mobile phone.  On the other end of the line was another unlucky victim of his rage.  “Get that plant running now!  I don’t want to hear about YOUR problems!”
Remons jammed the cabin’s intercom button.  “You!  The pilot!”
Max, still completing his landing routine, pressed the talk button on the cyclic, also known as the joystick.  He spoke into the headset microphone.  “Yes, sir?”
Remons punched his intercom button.  “Get me out of here!  What are you waiting on?  Open the door!”
Max had now finished most of his tasks, at least the important ones, anyway.  He climbed out of the pilot’s seat, stepped on the parking lot surface, and opened Remons’ cabin door.
Remons leaped out of the leather seat, knocking his half full glass of bourbon off the side table.  The glass fell to the lush, carpeted cabin floor, spilling its contents.  Remons looked at the mess.  Then he looked at Max.  “Well?  Clean that up!”
Remons didn’t wait for a response.  He took off walking across the parking lot.  It was getting cold.  He stopped suddenly, turned around, and returned to get a jacket from the helicopter.  Max was cleaning the carpet.
“Get out of my way!”  He yelled at Max, pounding on the open cabin door.  “Why didn’t you tell me it was cold, dumbass?  I need a jacket!”
Max dutifully moved to the far side of the cabin, saying nothing.
Remons grunted, retrieved his jacket, and stormed again across the parking lot.  He reached the minivan, where Bill and Sam were sitting.  Remons opened a door and yelled, “I want you fuckers to fix this!  What are we doing?”
“Mr. Remons,” Sam was trying to keep his voice from shaking.  “Please have a seat.  Believe me, we have the best minds working on this problem.”
Remons slid into one of the middle row seats.  He ignored Sam.  “Bill, I want this fixed now.  YOU, know what I mean?”
Bill knew exactly what he meant.  “Yes, Mr. Remons.  I am on top of our best people.  They will fix it fast, or they will be working at a burger stand tomorrow.”  This always calmed Remons, talking of over-the-top pressure on employees, along with direct threats of ruin.
“Fine.  Just hurry up.”
Bill’s phone was ringing.  “It’s probably the team, ready with our solution.  Give me a moment.”  Bill looked at his phone.  Unfortunately, the call was not the team working on the Plant 1 problem.  It was Mike Bell at Plant 37.  Bill could not catch a break tonight.  The call could not be a good one.  In addition, Remons was sitting right beside him.
“What’s the status, Mike?”  In the background, Bill could hear sirens blaring in his ear.  This was really bad.
Mike said, “There has been an explosion!  No injuries or casualties.  But the Mechanical building just exploded!”
“What the hell happened?”  Bill was yelling now, and looking at Remons with wide eyes.
Mike said, “I don’t know.  We are guessing one of the boilers failed completely, before it had a chance to cool down.  The building is destroyed.  Plant 37 is not a dead man walking.  It’s dead!”
“What’s happening now?”  Bill was calming down.  He needed to get Mike calmed also.
Mike replied, “The fire department is here now.  The fire chief says the fire is under control.  They should have it put out within the hour.  But, he says we won’t be able to get in there for a while.  First, it has to cool off.  Then, he says the ATF, the Alcohol, Tobacco, & Firearms agency, they get the scene.  We can’t do anything, until it is cleared as not a crime scene.  I don’t know how long that will take.”
“Call me every hour.  Sooner, if there is a new development.”  Bill had another question, “The Board is showing inventory as green.  That is still correct?  No damage to the finished goods?  We can access the shipping docks?”
“Yeah, sure.  We were very lucky.  The building is isolated enough.  There’s no damage to the production plant or any of the inventory.  Always be grateful for small turns of fortune.  I gotta go.”  With that, the phone went silent.
Remons had quietly followed the conversation between Bill and Mike.  He was eerily calm, saying, “Bill, you get that plant running before the inventory runs out.”
“Yes, Mr. Remons.”
Remons opened the minivan door.  “I am leaving this to you.  Call me all night with updates.”
He stepped outside and took three steps toward the helicopter.  A large explosion rocked the area, sending a shockwave across the parking lot.  Remons was knocked to the ground.  The side of Plant 1 facing the north parking lot was now missing.  There was no fire, at least not at the moment.
Bill and Sam jumped out of the minivan.  Max was running across the parking lot from the helicopter.  Remons was pushing himself up.  He was on his knees, but trying to stand back up.  “WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT!”
“I don’t know, Karl.”  Bill mistakenly called Remons by his first name.  He could only do that occasionally, and never could say it in front of others.  “Sorry, Mr. Remons.  I’m in shock right now.”
In the distance, the police and fire department vehicles could be heard approaching.
“Now look at what you two have done.  The police?  The fire department?  I’m telling you guys, again.  GET THIS UNDER CONTROL!  I don’t want any problems with those guys.”
“Yes, sir, Mr. Remons, sir,” Sam was shaking.
“I’m leaving,” Looking at Max, he said, “Was there any damage to the helicopter?”
Max gazed at Remons blankly.  It appeared he was in shock from the blast.  “Sir… No, the helicopter… She looks fine.  She’s ok.”
Remons said, “Then, let’s go!  Bill, help me to the helicopter.  I think my leg might be bruised – or worse!”
Bill stepped over and pulled on Remons’ right arm.  Max grabbed Remons’ left arm.  They half walked, half carried him back to the helicopter.
“Unbelievable,” Bill said to Sam, as he walked back from the helicopter.  “It’s just us.  The chicken has flown the coop.  Let’s visit with the local authorities and do our best to contain this mess.  Don’t talk to the reporters.”
Across the parking lot, Max started both of the Pratt & Whitney turbine engines.  He worked quickly through his takeoff checklist.  The engine reached operating speed and Max engaged the rotors.  He surveyed the instruments.  All systems were ready.
Max placed his feet on the anti-rotation pedals, his right hand on the cyclic and his left hand on the collective.  Pressing the intercom button, he said,  “We are ready, Mr. Remons.”
Jamming the intercom button again, Remons yelled, “Go!  Go!  I want out of here now.  Take me back to The Owner.”
Remons reclined the leather seat.  It was one of two chairs along the back wall of the noise-insulated cabin.  There were four other seats in the cabin, all empty.  Rarely did anyone, other than Remons, ride in the helicopter.  Three of the seats faced backward.  The fourth seat was alongside Remons’ seat on the back wall.  A large, lipped service table between it and Remons.
The cabin was configured for luxury, not some mundane utilitarian role.  The Sikorsky S76 cabin, more efficiently arranged, could easily carry fifteen passengers.  Painted all black, except for the gold Remons Global logo, this helicopter was not a cost efficient airline.  It was Remons’ personal air limousine.
Pressing the intercom button, Remons yelled, “Where the hell is my phone?”
Max laughed.  The jackass could not hear him.  Pressing the intercom button, he said, “It should be in one of the pockets, on eith—”
The engines seemed to stall and the helicopter suddenly dropped.  Just as quickly, it recovered and was flying normally.
Remons jammed the intercom button hard with his right index finger.  “DAMN IT!”
Max laughed more loudly, still insulated from the ear of Remons.  “Sorry about that, Mr. Remons.  I think wind turbulence is pushing across the bay.  We have some weather fronts moving in.”  He turned off the intercom and laughed again.  The relief of not dying in the Plant 1 explosion seemed to have Max in a giddy mood.
During the commotion, Remons found one of his phones.  He pressed  “Elizabeth” on his contacts list and placed the phone to his ear.  It rang four times, and then went to voicemail.  He pressed the End Call button.
Remons punched the cabin wall, yelling, “Lazy bitch!  Where the hell are you?”
Remons pressed “Elizabeth” for the second time.  The phone answered back, “I’m sorry to have missed your call—”
Remons hung up.  He yelled again, talking to the empty cabin.  “Answer the phone you stupid, lazy bitch.  Who do you think you are?”
For the third time, Remons pressed “Elizabeth” on the screen.  This time, his index finger cracked the glass.  He looked at the crack, shook his head angrily, and placed the phone to his ear.
“Helllooow, Mr. Remons!”
“What the HELL are you doing, Elizabeth?”
Elizabeth said, “I was out to dinner with my sister….  Sir.  What do you want?”  Then she added, “Sir.”
“I am tired of your shit, Elizabeth!  Listen to me.  We have real problems!”  Remons kept talking.  “Pack a bag and get to The Owner, NOW!  No weekend off for you.”
Elizabeth and Veronica had already stumbled back to their Lombard Street apartment.  They were sitting on the sofa.  Elizabeth bolted upright, saying, “Excuse me, sir?  I’m staying on The Owner?  Now?  This weekend?”
Veronica turned, looking at Elizabeth with an empathetic face.  “What?”  She tried to say it as a whisper.  It was more than a whisper.
Remons voice boomed, “Who is talking?  Elizabeth!  Pay attention!  I expect you on The Owner in thirty minutes.  If you are not there, guess what?  You’re fired!”
Elizabeth looked at the phone.  It read Call Ended.  He had hung up.  “Asshole!” she said loudly.
Veronica said, “You have to quit.  This guy is no good.  He isn’t worth the trouble on you, or us for that matter.  Just quit!”
Elizabeth looked at Veronica and smiled.  She was drunk, but the words spoken were as true as ever.  “Veronica, my baby sister.  No one quits Remons Global.  He quits them first.  It’s the only way out.”
Their apartment windows were open.  They heard a helicopter overhead.
Veronica said, “Sounds like your boss is arriving.  What can I do to help?”
Passing over the ballpark, Max pushed the cyclic to starboard, with his right hand, and simultaneously began adding right foot pressure.  The aircraft banked right and the nose turned north, heading directly toward The Owner.  With his left hand, he pushed down the collective.  The aircraft continued its forward progress, but was now descending.  Max keyed the intercom button with his right thumb.  He said flatly, “Mr. Remons, we are landing.”
He continued the landing procedure.  Easing the cyclic forward, the helicopter continued its slow downward drift, now below the 500-foot ceiling, directly above The Embarcadero and parallel to the shoreline.  Reaching The Owner, Max eased back on the cyclic, stopping all forward movement.  Applying left foot pressure, with his expert adjustment to the collective, the whirlybird turned 180 degrees and gently settled atop the “H” painted on the rear, upper deck of The Owner.
The helicopter nose was pointing forward, toward the bow of the ship.  Max was finishing his shutdown sequence, when he noticed the security detail running toward them from across the deck.  A pair of guards pulled open the cabin door and Remons climbed out.  Max watched as the trio ran across the deck.  The guards were flanking Remons as if he was the President of the United States, and there had been a national security incident.
Max opened the left door, grabbed the overhead handle, and climbed out.  He closed the cabin doors, latched the helicopter to the ship’s deck, and tied down the rotor blades.

Chapter 22
It was 10:15 PM, on the first day of summer.
They were headed back to Pier Marina.  James was skipping along the stadium concourse.  The Giants lost, but he didn’t seem to care.  Walking behind him, Albert was in admiration of the kid.  James always seemed to live in the moment, just taking things in as they happened.
Laughing at James, Albert said, “What a fun night.”
“No doubt, Captain!”  James stopped their progress, so he could salute.  “It was the best!  Thanks again for taking me.”
Albert smiled at him, “It was my pleasure.  Nice to have some company.”
Earlier in the night, Albert had purchased a souvenir ball.  He fondly remembered receiving a baseball from his dad one night following a Tigers game.  Albert reached in the bag and pulled out the ball.  He handed it to James, saying, “I thought you might like this.”
“Gee, thanks!”  James exclaimed.  “That’s awesome.  I will keep it forever, Captain!”
They passed through the stadium gates and headed north along The Embarcadero.  It was a pleasant evening, perfect for walking the two miles, or so, back to the marina.  Hearing the helicopter sounds, James stopped again and looked skyward.  “There he is, Captain,” James said, pointing at Remons’ helicopter drifting slowly north above their heads.
Albert laughed, “He probably forgot to let the dogs out.  Maybe that’s why he left in the game in a hurry.”
James looked at Albert puzzled, “Huh?”
Albert shook his head and walked ahead.  “It was a joke.  Let’s get going.  Been a long day, and I’m ready to crash.”
 James skipped along.  Albert was deep in thought.
“Say, Captain?”
“Yeah?”  His thoughts interrupted.
“You didn’t tell me what was happening at Veronica’s.  Why did you have a key?  And, why was your stuff in there?”
“Like I said earlier, I was talking to Remons.”
James eyes were wide with surprise.  “You actually talked to Remons; the man himself?”
“They clubbed me, James.  And, for no reason.  Remons and those thugs are bullies.  I don’t like being bullied.”
“You talked to Remons?  You were on The Owner and made it off alive?”  James could not contain his fear.  It was radiating out of him.
Albert liked James.  He really was a caring person.
“It’s alright,” said Albert, giving him a side-by-side hug of the shoulder.  “I’m a big boy.”
“So, what did Remons say?  What did you say to him?”
“It was a short conversation.  I told him to keep the goons away from me.  Not much more than that.”
“Dang, Captain.  You have some balls.  Wish I had the nuts to stand up to people like that.”  James kicked at the ground as they kept walking.
“Everyone has balls.  They just keep them tucked away for the right moment.”
By this point, they were closing in on Pier Marina.  Ahead, two women were walking in the opposite direction along The Embarcadero.  James grinned, “Look, there’s Veronica and Elizabeth.  She’s Veronica’s sister.  What are they doing out on the pier tonight?”
As they approached, Veronica said, “Hey, guys.  How was the game?”
James said, “Hi, Veronica.  It was a blast.”  Then, looking at Elizabeth, he said, “I haven’t seen you around for a while.”  Pointing to The Owner, he added, “He still treating you badly?”
“Don’t worry about him,” Elizabeth unsteadily lifted her arm and pointed her finger at The Owner.  “I can handle myself.”
Albert had not been introduced.  “Hi.  You are apparently Elizabeth.  Veronica’s sister?”
“Why, yes I am.  And you are Albert, the handsome man from the coffee shop.”  She laughed and hugged Veronica.  “My sister is verrrryy important to me.  Get my drift?”
Veronica shook her head at Elizabeth.  “Cut it out.  I am drunk, and you are still embarrassing me.”  She looked at Albert, saying, “Don’t pay any attention to her.”
James noticed Elizabeth was carrying a bag.  “Where are you headed?  Your turn in The Owner rotation pop up early?”
Elizabeth frowned.  She said, “Shut up, James.  I have to work tonight.  That’s all.”  She raised her arm again, swaying while pointing at The Owner.
James looked upset.  “It’s not right, Elizabeth.  Be careful.”
Veronica loudly said, “See, Liz!  Of all people, even James agrees.  You should quit.”
Albert was listening to the conversation, but mainly he was thinking.  He guessed The Owner, along with Karl Remons, was about to set sail.  He asked, “Where is the ship headed?”
Elizabeth looked at him, instantly seeming sober.  “That is not a question people ever ask around here.  I would not ask that again… huh?”  She was drunk and lost her thought.
“Liz!”  Veronica said.  “That was rude!  He’s not from around here.  He doesn’t know to leave Remons alone.”
Albert stepped in, stopping the squabble.  “Don’t worry about it.  I don’t offend easily.”
Elizabeth looked at her phone.  “It’s late.  I have to go.”  She hugged Veronica.  After awkwardly looking at James, and then Albert, she took off running down the pier toward The Owner.
Veronica said, “I’m worried about her.  She works for an evil man.”
“She’s a smart girl,” James said, trying to comfort her.  “Say, it’s getting late.  Let me walk you home.”
“No, thank you.  I don’t want to go home.  Albert?  Will you take me for a walk?  I have to sober up.”
James seemed to wither right in front of Albert’s eyes.  He felt bad for the kid.  Obviously, James was much closer to her age and he really liked Veronica.
He heard The Owner’s engines come to life.  Albert needed to leave.  He responded, “I think you need some sleep.  Why don’t you let James walk you home?  I would probably get lost on the way back.”  Then, he added more reinforcement,  “Also, I am dead tired.  I haven’t slept much in the past two days.”
James was perking up; things were moving more in his favor.  “Yeah, Veronica.  I really would like to walk you home.  Let the Captain get some sleep.  He’s older than us, you know.”
Veronica sighed.  “Fine.”
Albert said, “James, I’ll stop by the gas dock in the morning; to pick up my package.”
James was already walking away with Veronica.  He did not turn around.  “No problem, Captain.  Sleep well!”
He noticed James was almost skipping, a moderately, toned down version of what Albert had witnessed earlier.  The pair jaywalked across The Embarcadero and headed up one of the intersecting streets.  Albert could not see the street name, but he stored away the image in his head.  A convenience store stood like a sentry watching the upward sloping street, its bright lights glowing with the message, “Open 24 Hours.”
Albert turned away, walking northward toward Pier Marina.  On his right, he could see The Owner backing away from its dock.  The ship’s bow thrusters were churning up the water around the pier.  Even in the night sky, Albert could see the dark, blue water turning an ugly brown, the sediment violently pushed around below the surface.
He must hurry.  Albert could have Teleport off her dock within ten minutes.  That is, once he got to the dock.  Smiling, he said quietly, “It’s a beautiful evening for a night sail.”
Jogging at a medium pace, Albert weaved through the scattered buildings, benches, tables, and trees dispersed along the pier.  Rounding the final building, the one just before the Dock 14 security gate, he stopped dead in his tracks.  Two men were blocking the gate.
There is a time to fight, and a time to run.  Albert was in a bad position.  He knew it.  He abruptly turned, intent on outrunning the goons and hoping no guns were involved.  Twenty feet into his retreat, two additional goons appeared.
“Shit,” Albert said quietly to himself.
Four of Remons’ goons were now surrounding him.  One said, “Time to take a ride, asshole.”
The day had generally been going Albert’s way, until now.

Chapter 23
James and Veronica had arrived at their destination.  Veronica fumbled in her purse and searched for the key.  James said, “How come you won’t ever go out with me?  You know I really like you.”
Veronica sighed softly, “James, you’re really nice.  We’ve been through this before.  It’s nothing personal.”  She found the key and hastily unlocked the door with her left hand.
James was standing to her right.  She touched him on his left shoulder and smiled.  “You will find someone.  Persistence.  That’s my motto.”  Opening the door, she took a step into the apartment, saying “goodnight” as she closed the door.
“Good night,” James was talking to the door.  No one was listening.
James walked back to the street and headed for the marina.  It was dark outside.  The city lights were reflecting off the scattered low-lying clouds.  James pulled the baseball out of his jacket pocket, tossing it up and catching it with his right hand.  Over and over, as he walked, the ball went up and down.
James was daydreaming in the dark.  He was thinking about the baseball game.  He was thinking about Albert.  He was thinking about what Albert had said, ‘They just keep them tucked away for the right moment.’
James was walking alongside a small group of people.  It was a Friday night; a night following a ballgame.  There were crowds still out drinking and having fun.
James said aloud, to no one in particular, “I have balls!”  The people around him laughed.  Then, James laughed.  “Yeah, I said it.  I have balls!”
He made his way back to the dockside store, unlocked the door, and walked inside.  The place was completely dark.  James locked the door and went to the rear storage room.  Once there, he reached overhead and pulled down a thick blanket and pillow.  James unrolled the blanket on the floor.
Then, he remembered about Albert’s gun, hidden away under the service counter.  He wanted to look at it.  He walked out of the storeroom and proceeded to the left side of the small retail store.  He leaned over, hanging from the countertop with his left hand and fishing around underneath with his right hand.  Locating the gun, he lifted it out and placed it on the countertop.  The moonlight was reflecting through a nearby window, and the gun seemed to be staring back at him.
There was a knock at the door.  James was scared.  He crouched down behind the counter.  There was another knock.  Still cowering, suddenly, a wave of courage flowed over him.  He stood up, exclaiming, in a soft voice, “I’ve got balls!”  He picked up Albert’s gun and walked to the front entrance of the store.
The stranger could see him, and he could see the stranger.
James said, “Go away.  We are closed.  Come back tomorrow.”
The stranger said, “Open the door, James.”
James quivered; he knew the voice.  Halfway opening the door with his left hand, James kept the gun at his side and in his right hand.  He said, “What do you want?”
“How was the game tonight?  Have fun?”
James said, “Yeah, so?  What do you want, Eric?”  Eric and James had worked together in the past.  Eric still worked for Remons.
“I’m here to offer you a new job.  Put away the gun.”  Eric pushed James backwards.  He came inside the store.  The door was still partway open.  “Put the gun down.  It’s dangerous.  You don’t know how to use that thing.”
James raised the gun and pointed it over Eric’s right shoulder.  He growled, “Go away, Eric.  I don’t want a new job.”
Eric said, “Put down the gun, James.  You and I both know it’s not your thing.  You don’t know how to use it.”
James fired a shot over Eric’s shoulder.  It went through the all-glass door, shattering it across the dock.  “I SAID, GO AWAY!”
Eric lunged at him.  It was too late.
James pointed the gun at Eric’s head, screaming, “I DO HAVE BALLS!”
He pulled the trigger.  The bullet’s impact knocked the man backwards through the doorway.  He fell on the dock in front of the store.  His head was mutilated from the impact.
James stepped through the doorway.  He gazed down at the dead man on the dock.  “Like I said, asshole.  I do have balls!”
Following nighttime baseball games, the police routinely patrolled the shopping area on the pier.  It was an area where hyped up fans sometimes got out of control, resulting in fights or vandalism.  A pair of police officers had heard the gunshots.
James stood over Eric in a trance.  He held the gun up and admired it in the moonlight.  It was so beautiful and powerful.  He intended to keep it; he was sure Albert could find another one.  Then, he vaguely heard the sounds of running footsteps.  He looked to his right and saw the officers approaching.
The first police officer said, “DROP THE GUN!”
James did not comply.  His eyes moved back to the pistol.
The second officer said,  “DROP THE GUN!  NOW!”
James snapped out of the trance.  He lowered the gun, then bent over and gently laid the powerful weapon on the dock.  As he was standing up, the second police officer knocked James facedown onto the dock.  James’ arms were pulled behind him, and handcuffs were locked in place.  The officer lifted James to his feet.
His head was swimming.  James exclaimed,  “It was… It was an intruder!  He broke in to my store.  I was protecting myself!  I live here.  I’m James Edwards.”
The first officer pushed James down on a bench outside the store entrance.  “Calm down.  Just sit there.”
The second officer, talking to the first officer, said, “I’ve already called the detectives in the downtown station.  They will be here in ten minutes.”
James jumped off the bench.  He was yelling, “I was protecting myself!  I live here!  He was breaking in!”
One of the officers pointed to the bench.  “Sit back down.  NOW!”
James sat back down.  He slouched over.  The courage had been fleeting.  It was gone now.
A few minutes later, the detectives arrived.  The officers talked quietly with them for a few more minutes.  James remained hunched over on the bench.
A detective walked over to the gun.  Using a plastic bag as a glove, he picked it up and pulled the bag around the gun.
James looked at him and pleaded, “I was protecting myself!  I live here!  He was breaking in!”
“What’s your name?”  The detective was beginning the interrogation.
“James Edwards.  I work here.  I live here.  I watch TV.  I know I have a right to protect myself from harm!”
“Mr. Edwards, I am trying to sort this out.  What happened?”
“The strange man there, he was knocking on the doors of the store.  I told him to go away.  You know, come back tomorrow.  He wouldn’t listen.”
“Did you open the door?”
“No way, man!  I would not open the door after hours, in the dark, for a stranger.”
“So how did he get in?”
James’ mind was racing.  He was in a lurch.  Looking around, he spotted the glass shards from his errant shot scattered everywhere.  He lied, “He busted out the window in the door, reached in, and turned the knob.”
The detective asked a follow up question.  “How did he break the glass?”
James quickly said, “His elbow, man!  People do it all the time.”
The detective surveyed the dead man’s body.  He was already skeptical of the story.  The man was wearing a jacket, so the suspect’s story was plausible.  Then, the detective recognized the dead man.  It was one of Remons’ thugs.  His interest in this death now began diminishing.
The detective, still studying the dead man, casually asked, “What happened next?”
James said, “I lifted the gun and pointed it at the door.  I yelled at him to go away.  He didn’t listen.  He broke the window, opened the door, and just walked inside!”
“Then what happened?”
“I shot him.  Right is right.  He was trying to mug me or steal from the store.  Probably would have killed me, if I didn’t shoot first.”
“Did the stranger have a gun?”
“I don’t know, man.  It was dark.  I didn’t turn on the lights.”
“So you did not see a gun on the stranger?”
“No.  No, I didn’t.”
The dead man was lying on his back.  The detective bent over and carefully lifted open the man’s jacket.  As he expected, Remons’ thug had a gun in a shoulder holster.  He released his hold on the jacket and stood back up.
James had been watching.  “See!  I told you!  He was going to kill me!  Just savin’ my skin; that’s all I was doin’!”
The detective held up the bag with Albert’s gun.  He asked, “Is this your gun?”
James slumped back down on the bench.  “No.”
The detective moved a little closer, now thinking there may be more to the story.  “Where did you get the gun, Mr. Edwards?”
“It belongs to a guy here in the marina.  He has that big sailboat on Dock 14.”  James lifted his left arm, pointing it toward Teleport.  He did not lift his head.  “I was keeping an eye on the gun for him.”
The detective whispered something to one of the officers.  The officer walked away and headed toward Teleport.
The detective continued, “What’s the name of the owner?”
“The Captain?”  James lifted his head and looked at the detective.  “Yeah, his name is Albert.  I’m not sure of his last name.”
“Is he on the ship right now?”
“He should be.  We went to the Giants game together.  He said he was tired and going to bed.”
The police officer that walked to Teleport was now returning.  “Nobody home, Detective.  I knocked several times.”
Now, the detective seemingly had his teeth latched onto James’ neck.  Time to tighten the jaws.  “Where’s this Albert guy?  There’s no one on the ship.  Are you sure this gun doesn’t belong to you?  Did you buy it on the street?”
James was surprised.  Then he was scared.  “It’s not my gun!  I don’t own any guns.  Gee, Detective.  I don’t know.  He said he was going to bed an hour ago.  I swear.  It belongs to the Captain.”
“Thank you, Mr. Edwards.  That’s all the questions I have for tonight.”
James perked up.  “No problem, Detective!  Just doing my duty as a citizen.  Protecting myself, and all.  Thanks for believing me!  Can you get these handcuffs off?  They’re really uncomfortable.”
The detective waved over one of the officers.  James stood up, relieved the ordeal was ending.  The officer stepped up, reached behind James’ back, and gripped a hand firmly around his arm.  “Mr. Edwards.  You have the right to remain silent.  Anything you say can, and will be used against you in a court of law—”
James was stunned.  “Wait a minute!  I told you it was self-protection!  How can you arrest me?
“Let’s go, Mr. Edwards.  You can sort it out with the boys downtown.”

Chapter 24
The Owner was moving slowly across the bay, heading west toward the Golden Gate Bridge.  Remons was standing on the upper deck.  He was portside, leaning on the railing and gazing at the San Francisco skyline.
Elizabeth walked up the two flights of stairs in the forward section.  Huffing from drunkenness, more than exertion, she straightened up and looked around the deck.  Remons turned to face her.  He issued a command, but it was almost a request.  He said, “Get over here.”
Elizabeth exhaled and walked toward him.  Remons held a glass of bourbon in his right hand.  He lifted his left hand from the railing and pointed at the city skyline.  It was glowing radiantly, with the full moon hanging low on the horizon above it.
He said, “At a distance, the city looks peaceful.  We both know that isn’t true, though.  Right?”
Elizabeth, still drunk, leaned over and hung both arms over the railing.  “Yes, I love San Francisco.  It’s my home.”  She daydreamed for a moment, and then said, “Mr. Remons, I was on The Owner two weeks ago, sir.  Why am I back so soon?”
Remons sighed.  “We’ve had a bad night.  There was an explosion at Plant 1.  At almost the same time, one of the buildings in Michigan exploded, too.”
“What…  I don’t understand.  Why?”
“I don’t know.  We are under attack.  Bill is working now to figure out what happened.”  Remons changed his tone, adding more care and concern to his voice.  He looked down at her, saying, “I was worried about your safety.  That’s why you are here.”
Elizabeth blushed, but she knew he was lying.  Fate had dealt her a bad hand tonight.
Remons’ attention returned to the skyline.  “Have a drink.  Let’s enjoy the bridge as we pass below it.”
“Mr. Remons, please.  Already?  Do we have to do this?”
Remons looked at her, this time the sternness back in his eyes.  “This is part of your job.  Don’t argue with me.”
She backed off the pleading method and tried a different approach.  “Yes, sir.  I understand, but why not one of the girls from the service?  I vetted two fresh, young women last week.  Remember the pictures I showed you?  I can send the helicopter right now to pick up one of them.  They are safe.  I am sure you will get more enjoyment that way.”
“No.  Not tonight, anyway.  You got lucky.  Your turn came around earlier than expected.  That’s a good thing for both of us.  Come on.  Let’s have some fun.”
Elizabeth stared at the skyline.  There was nothing else she could do.  “Sure, why not.  Let’s get a drink.”
Remons smiled, wrapping his left arm around her waist.  “Now you’re talking.”  He handed her his empty glass.  “Pour me another bourbon.”
The Owner was creeping along at a slow pace, probably less than four knots.  A speedboat was fast approaching, aft and port of The Owner.  It was catching them quickly.  As the speedboat neared, the stern section of The Owner began to rise.  The large door, spanning the full width of the stern, rolled up and disappeared inside the hull, just like sections of a garage door on most houses across the country.  A ramp then slid from the stern and into the churning water behind The Owner.  The speedboat continued its approach, slowing somewhat as it neared the massive ship.  The driver nosed the speedboat up the ramp and shut off the engines.  It slid up the ramp and hit a large air bag, stopping its forward momentum rapidly.
The ramp retracted, drawing the speedboat inside the larger ship.  The large door began to close.  Section by section, the door panels rolled down their tracks.  As the massive door closed, The Owner’s pace quickened to eighteen knots per hour.  The Owner passed below the Golden Gate Bridge and sailed into the darkness of the Pacific Ocean.
From stem to stern, The Owner was two hundred thirty five feet in length.  Its beam width, across the stern, was forty-seven feet.  In most areas of the ship, the above waterline view revealed windows and doors, suggesting three floors, or decks, not including the outside upper deck, covering most of the top surface of the vessel.
The aft portion of the ship was different with only two sections.  The garage began below the waterline.  Vertically, it continued until meeting Remons’ enormous suite, it positioned above the garage and continuing upward until reaching the upper deck.
The garage was massive.  It was almost more impressive than the wraparound suite sitting atop it.  It spread across the stern its full width.  The garage and Remons’ suite were the two largest space hogs on the vessel.  Together, they consumed twenty percent of the usable, enclosed space aboard the vessel.  Including the just returning boat, two speedboats, each thirty-five feet in length, occupied space in the aft garage.  In addition, there were six personal watercraft, aligned in two rows facing the aft door, and ready for rapid launch.
Albert looked around in amazement.  It was a remarkable sight, despite his feelings for Remons.
The guard said, “Get out, asshole.”
Another guard grabbed Albert’s arm, lifting him from the seat involuntarily.  “Get out, now.”
Albert climbed over the starboard side of the speedboat and jumped on the ramp.  “Nice place you have here, boys.”
One of the goons said, “Follow me.”
Albert followed, walking up the ramp and climbing the stairs to the next floor.  They were in a hallway full of cabins.  He opened one of the cabin doors and said, “Get in here.”
Albert wasn’t sure now if it was port or starboard.  The ship was large and he could not detect its motion any longer.  He could be facing fore or aft, maybe even port or starboard.  He just didn’t know.  Albert walked into the cabin.  It was an interior room.  There were no windows or secondary exits.  “Nice digs.  When’s dinner?”
The guard shoved Albert deeper into the room, saying, “You’re staying here.  The boss wants to talk to you.  But he’s busy right now.”
Albert heard the door locking.  He walked to the door, studying its construction.  “Nice.  How am I getting out of this?”  Albert fell backward on the bed.  At least it was comfortable.  He surveyed the ceiling construction, hoping some weakness in the structure would reveal itself and magically transport him off the ship.
Someone knocked at the door.  He watched, as it was unlocked and opened.  Standing in the hallway was a man with a tray.  It was overflowing with food.  The man stepped into the room and placed the smorgasbord on the table.
Then another tray!  Right behind the first servant, in walked another man carrying a tray with an assortment of beverages.  He placed it on the table.  Both men left the cabin, leaving the door open.  Albert’s thought to lunge for the door was slower than the guard.
Standing in the doorway, the guard said, “Mr. Remons will see you topside in thirty minutes.  You should eat now.  I will be back for you later.”  Then, he closed the door and locked it.
Albert was alone, except for the food and drink.  He shrugged, and said, “Might as well eat.  Nothing else to do.”  He took two steps over to the table and plopped down carelessly in one of the expensive looking chairs.  Surveying the cornucopia of food, he wondered briefly if Remons was trying to poison him.  The thought was fleeting.  Albert knew that wasn’t Remons’ style.  It was too passive of an approach for Remons.  He liked watching his victims die.
On the beverage tray, Albert picked up a bottle of water and twisted the cap off.  He downed the bottle in one pass.  Next, he rummaged through the single-serve liquor bottles.  Albert picked out two bottles of tequila and two bottles of gin.  He walked to the bathroom, taking the four bottles with him.  Albert opened the bottles and poured each of them on his hands over the sink.  He wiped the residue on his face and let the alcohol evaporate on his skin.  Returning to the table, he placed the empty bottles on the tray and sat down.  Then, he opened a can of club soda and poured it in a glass over ice.
The ballpark bratwursts were wearing off.  Albert surveyed the food tray, eventually selecting the steak.  He didn’t know what cut, but it was exceptional.  Some fries and an orange rounded off his first dining experience aboard The Owner.  Albert no longer had his phone, but he felt at least thirty minutes had passed.  He was worried.  They were sailing beyond San Francisco and he did not want to be on The Owner much longer.  His schedule was severely at risk.
Albert stepped back to the bed.  He ruffled the bedding and fell face forward on its surface, looking like a man having had too many drinks.  A few minutes later, there was a knock on the door.  Albert did not move.  He kept his eyes closed.  The door opened and he could hear someone walk in.
“Get up!”
Albert didn’t move.
The goon kicked his foot, saying,  “I said, get up!”
Albert tilted his head up and turned over groggily.  “What?  I’m sllleeeep-y.”
“Time to see Mr. Remons.”
Albert sat up slowly, rubbing his head and eyes.  “Sure thing.  Let’s see the wizard.”
“Sir, please follow me.”
Albert walked behind the guard.  This time, they arrived at a different staircase.
“Start climbing.  All the way up.”
Albert climbed the stairs slowly and unsteadily.  As he neared the top, he could see the stars and some scattered clouds.  Up on deck, another guard said, “Follow me.”
They walked across the deck to the forward sitting area.  Remons was sitting.  He was in the same chair as earlier, when Albert met him the first time.
“Sit down,” the guard said, pointing at the chair.  Albert sat down and the guard walked away.
Albert and Remons were facing each other at broad angles, a small coffee table between them.  On the table, Albert could see his phone and wallet.
“Mr. Pabek.  Welcome back to The Owner.”
Albert cocked his head and started slurring, “Remons!  You… what happened…  I think—”
“Please cut out the act,” Remons interrupted.  “There are three cameras in your cabin.”
Albert smiled and straightened his posture in the chair.  “Busted.  What can I say?”
Over the past twenty years, Remons had dealt with a dozen people, just like Pabek.  They came out of the woodwork from time to time.  Some were former employees.  Others were business owners Remons had screwed in his dealings.  All of them ended up dead.  He had little patience for annoyances from disgruntled people.
But, Karl Remons believed in conspiracy theories; mainly because he was a conspirator in many underhanded activities.  Since receiving the call from the unknown caller on the previous night, Remons had been more careful in how he approached new problems.  In his mind, he doubted Albert Pabek had any relationship to the unknown caller.  Pabek seemed too arrogant and stupid.  But, in his gut, he felt uneasy.  It was too much of a coincidence – the unknown caller and Pabek, each bothering Karl Remons on the same day.
Remons asked, “Why are you bothering me?”
“Bothering you?  Me?”  Albert gazed around the ship, a puzzled look on his face.  “I have been kidnapped and am now being held hostage.  I think maybe you are bothering me!”
“You are not a prisoner.  You are free to leave at anytime.  However, I do not recommend it.  The water is very cold and…”  Remons looked aft and toward San Francisco.  “…it seems we are probably ten miles from shore.”
Albert estimated the ship was traveling at about twenty knots per hour.  The Owner was distancing itself from the California coast, moving at a rate of one mile every three minutes.  No time to waste.  “What do you want, Remons?”
Remons decided he could not kill Pabek, at least not yet.  He said, “I want you to leave me alone.  Go back to Michigan.  That’s where you’re from.  Right?”  Remons was pointing at Albert’s wallet.
Albert ignored his question.  “You tell the goons to leave me alone.  Call them off.  Maybe we won’t have any more trouble.”
“There will be no more trouble from my side, assuming you don’t cause me, or Remons Global, any more trouble.”
Albert could see the uncertainty in Remons eyes.  He was scared.  Albert smiled, saying, “Why don’t you just kill me now?  I’m just one man.  Right?  I don’t have any power over you.  Correct?  I’m not really the new owner.  Am I?  Who would know?  What’s the downside?”
Remons leaned forward and poked Albert hard in the chest.  “I’ll fucking kill you when I want to kill you.  Not before.”
Albert did not speak or move.  He sat there, staring intensely into Remons’ eyes.  Remons stared back with equal intensity.
Finally, Remons said, “Now, get off The Owner.”
A guard stepped forward.  He said, “Get your things.”  He was pointing at the table.
Albert grabbed his wallet and phone.  “See you later, Remons.”
Their conversation had lasted almost ten minutes.  The Owner was now at least thirteen miles offshore.
Albert was escorted back down to the garage.  One of the goons had a WaveRunner unleashed from its tie downs.  “Here’s your ride home.”  He continued, “Top of the line.  It’s a gift from Mr. Remons.  Good luck with the ride back to San Francisco.”
A guard pressed a button on the wall.  The garage door panels rose slowly.  Albert watched as the darkness appeared.  He could faintly see a glow of lights on the horizon.  He hoped it was still San Francisco.  
The guard by the WaveRunner said, “Get going.”
Albert’s brain was in high speed.  “I need a GPS.”
The goons laughed.  One of them frowned and tilted his head empathetically.  Sarcastically, and sounding like a salesperson at an electronics store, he said,   “Really sorry about that.  Sold our last one yesterday.  We are out of stock and don’t expect a new shipment until next week.”
The other goon guffawed and patted his buddy on the back.  “That was a good one!”
Albert ignored the remark.  He asked another question, adding his own silly comment.  “Well, let me try another request.  Can I at least have one of the extra gas jugs?  It will give me something to drink.  In case I get thirsty?”
The stupid comment elicited laughs from the Guards.  One guard said, “Sure.  Why not?  It will give you more time to drive around.  It still won’t solve your problem of being lost in the dark.”
Albert picked up one of the gas jugs and strapped it tightly on the back floorboard of the watercraft.  He located the watertight storage compartment, below the passenger seat, and placed his wallet and phone inside.  He picked up a life vest and strapped it around his body.  He stepped aboard and straddled the seat.
The all black personal watercraft was a high performance Yamaha WaveRunner, an FZR model, featuring a supercharged, four-cylinder engine.
He studied the controls quickly.  The anti-theft key fob was attached to the rider-down safety lanyard.  The lanyard was already in position for the vessel to function.  Albert wrapped the strap around his left wrist and placed his hand on the grip.  The left grip had several features, including start-stop for the engine and trim controls to adjust the vessel’s performance.  He surveyed the dash.  There were two large analog gauges, with an electronic, multifunction LCD screen separating them.  The left gauge was the speedometer.  On the right was a tachometer.  The LCD featured several icons, including oil pressure and fuel level.
Fuel level was indicated by four black rectangles, one atop another.  As gas was consumed, the boxes would disappear.  When no boxes remained, the watercraft was out of gas.  Albert was relieved to see the tank was full – four boxes were showing.  Albert knew the Yamaha was fast; both in speed and in fuel consumption.  The Owner was now at least sixteen miles away from shore.  The gas tank should hold between fifteen and twenty gallons of fuel.  Driven conservatively, he figured a range of about seventy-five miles.  This wasn’t too bad, Albert thought.  That did not include the extra fuel canister.
Albert searched for the fuel tank cap.  He found it located forward of the handlebars, under the front storage compartment lid.  He closed the lid on the compartment and sat back down.  He placed his right hand on the right handlebar grip, positioning his thumb on the throttle.  He looked up at the guards, and said, “I’m ready.”
A guard released the bow hook.  Albert’s new possession slid effortlessly down the Teflon coated rails and slipped silently into the dark ocean.  He pressed the start button with his left thumb and pushed the throttle forward with his right thumb.  Adding power, he turned the handlebars and pointed the Yamaha toward the distant horizon lights.
He steadily pushed the powerful watercraft up to thirty miles per hour.  He reviewed the tachometer.  The engine was powered at around 70% and well below the RPM redline.  This should be a good balance between speed and fuel conservation.  But, the seas were too rough.  Albert was bouncing erratically in his seat as the WaveRunner popped across the wave tops.  At this speed, he risked falling off the big Yamaha.
Albert slowed to fifteen miles per hour.  He knew safety was more important than speed.  As the small craft continued toward the shoreline lights, his brain processed some new calculations.  It would take at least an hour to reach the Golden Gate Bridge.  The marina and Teleport were probably another fifteen minutes further.  He felt reasonably good about the fuel situation.  There should be enough, in the main tank alone, for at least two hours.  He also had the reserve tank as a backup.
Once he was closer, Albert intended to carefully remove his phone from its watertight storage box.  Using the GPS feature, he would check his position and make final adjustments to his heading.  However, he would only remove the phone one time.  It was risky.  Rough seas, darkness, and non-waterproof electronics were a poor combination.
  Albert was shaken from his thoughts.  An alarm was sounding.  He looked at the dash.  Only one square of fuel was showing and it was flashing.  He was running out of gas.  He slowed the vessel.  It didn’t make any sense to him.
Then, suddenly it did make sense.  Aboard The Owner, the WaveRunner was parked on a steep angle on its ramp.  The fuel level sensor was located in the rear of the gas tank.  The sensor read the fuel level incorrectly, until Albert had the WaveRunner sitting flat on the water.  Albert had not bothered to look at the gauge after leaving The Owner.
“No, Albert,” he yelled aloud.  He was very angry with himself for not double-checking the WaveRunner’s condition.  This was one of his rules in life – always double-check.  “You weren’t deceived.  You did not open the gas tank and check its contents visually.  You did not look at the gauge after reaching the water.”
He shut off the engine and opened the forward storage hatch.  Carefully, he unscrewed the gas cap and placed it down in the compartment.  Then he untied the extra fuel tank.  The WaveRunner was bobbing erratically in the darkness.  This was going to be a challenge.
He removed the cap from the gas can and pulled out the nozzle.  Slowly, he lifted it and poured its contents in the WaveRunner’s tank.  He strapped the empty can back in place on the rear deck.  Then, he slowly replaced the cap on the vessel’s fuel tank and closed the compartment lid.
He looked down at the fuel gauge.  It now showed two boxes.  He reset the buzzer and all went quiet around him.  For a few minutes, he just sat there, thinking.  Finally, he restarted the engine, engaged the throttle, and accelerated to fifteen miles per hour.
Albert guessed he was between five and eight miles away from the Golden Gate Bridge.  He pressed onward, bouncing erratically through the swells.  Twenty minutes later, he studied the path in front of him.  He would survive tonight’s ordeal.  The bridge was looming ahead of him.  The low fuel buzzer sounded again, just as he passed below the Golden Gate Bridge.  He reset the alarm.  There was one-fourth of a tank remaining.
Less than fifteen minutes later, he passed behind the Pier Marina breakwater.  He could see Teleport.  Two minutes later, he gently bumped the WaveRunner alongside the dock.  Albert located a loose dock line and tied off his new toy.  He shut down the engine, climbed up on to the dock, and collapsed on its weathered wooden slats.  The dock was cold and damp.  He didn’t care.  He was tired.
It was late.  Things were definitely off schedule.
AND, it was no longer the first day of summer.

Chapter 25
Mike Bell felt the phone vibrating in his left pocket.  It was Bill Shefford calling.  Most certainly, he wanted a status report on the Mechanical building at Plant 37.  Mike pressed the Accept button on the mobile phone, lifted the handset to his ear and spoke, all in a single fluid motion.
“No change, Bill.  We are in deep shit.”
Mike could hear Bill groaning.  Otherwise, he was silent.
Mike shrugged to himself and kept talking.  “How are things there?  You and Sam got it under control?”
“No.  It’s bad.  Not your worry.  Focus on Plant 37.  Call me, please, with any news.”
“Will do.  Hang in there.  You know it will get better.  Always does.”  Mike pressed the End Call icon and returned the phone to his pocket.  He was standing on the shipping dock of Plant 37.  Ted Smith stood on his right.  They were staring through the open dock doors, looking absently at the smoldering pile that was once the Mechanical building.
The ATF team had come and went, having confirmed no explosives, or any other nefarious activities, were responsible for the explosion.
The police were gone.  No one had died.
The fire department was gone.  The fire had been extinguished.
The paramedics were gone.  No one was injured.
Now, the overwhelming task of restoring services to the plant loomed large over their heads.  Plant 37 had less than eight days to rebuild the structure and its contents.  They had to rebuild the complete infrastructure.  Boilers, air handlers, transformers, fluid management pumps, holding tanks; the list seemed endless.
“Mike!”  Jonna Serlins was running fast toward them.
Mike and Ted turned away from the view into the dark night, to see a different dark view into the manufacturing plant.  Only a flashlight was visible as it bobbed up and down in Jonna’s hand.
“What?”  Mike said, a little aggravated about her approach.
Jonna worked in Quality Control.  She was responsible for monitoring work on second shift.  She worked for Mike, that is, as long as no quality problems occurred.  When an issue arose, her only reporting line was to Ed Tanzar, the Quality Director at Plant 37.
Panting from the run, Jonna replied, “I’ve already called Ed—”
“What?”  Mike was upset.  This was his operation.  Each time Jonna found something wrong, she called Ed.  It didn’t matter the time of night.  Ed would call Mike and yell at him about the problem.  Mike would waste time explaining the problem, instead of working on a solution.
“No, really, Mike, this isn’t a small problem.  I had to call Ed.  I’m not overreacting - this time, anyway.”
Mike gained his composure.  “So, tell me what’s happening.  What extra mess do I have to clean up now?”
“The plant manager from World Auto just called.  Not the second shift manager, THE Plant Manager.”  She paused for emphasis.
The Quality Department in a manufacturing plant works like a city fire department.  The department focuses most efforts on prevention.  No one wants a fire.  Likewise, no one wants a quality problem.  However, when the fire, or quality issue, arises, it’s time to fight the fire - the fire that should have been prevented.  The department gleefully springs into action, adrenaline charged and ready to take ownership of the problem.
Ted and Mike were looking at her.  She stood quietly, panting slightly, but more so pausing the conversation for dramatic effect.
“Well?”  Mike finally asked.
“So, anyway, he called to say there’s a problem with part 4873-4911.  The large roof section stamping.”
“Yes, Jonna.  I know the part.  We all do.”
Mike was annoyed.  This was the largest stamping, produced on the single largest stamping press, and also Plant 37’s highest volume seller.  Remons Global produced it only in Plant 37.  The massive, specially fabricated stamping tools sat in a uniquely designed hydraulic, computer controlled stamping press.  The finished parts shipped to World Auto’s assembly plant, just a few miles away.  World Auto subsequently welded the roof section on a frame.  The frame eventually exited the World Auto factory as a finished car.  The car was named Destroyer.  The Destroyer was the best selling car in the United States and Canada.
“There’s a seam crack in one of the structural pillars.  All parts, every single production batch, have failed inspection.  There is a structural defect.  Everything is bad.  World Auto has stopped the assembly line and sent the workers home.”
Mike looked at the floor.  “Deeper and deeper, we go.  It’s a bottomless pit of shit.”  In his gut, he already knew the answer.  Nevertheless, Mike asked anyway, praying his many years of experience would be proven incorrect.  “Do you know why this happened?”
Jonna did not hesitate.  “The punch and die set along section AF.  They were machined out of specification.  The angle is grossly out.”
Mike knew.  Just to clarify what else he thought he knew.  “Is grossly out?”
“Yes, Mike.  Everything in the warehouse, all of the inventory, it is scrap.  Junk.  Not repairable.  We have shut down World Auto and the Destroyer production.”
Mike laughed, his body searching frantically for a pressure relief valve and selecting the inappropriate reaction to the situation.  “I’ll make the calls,” Mike said, shaking his head as he walked away into the darkness of Plant 37.  His career with Remons Global was finished.
The automotive manufacturing industry is big business.  It is one of the largest industries in the world, only outsized by military and other transfer payment based businesses sponsored by different governments.  The distribution of power within the industry is imbalanced.  The car manufacturers, called original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs for short, sometimes use this power to negotiate supplier contracts with oversized punitive clauses.
Small quality problems or late deliveries result in fines against the suppliers by the OEMs.  Larger problems result in bigger fines.  The fines are labeled in the contracts as cost recovery payments.
Plant 37 had signed a contract with World Auto and it had a cost recovery clause.  Once the Destroyer line stopped assembling, the financial penalty counter began to run.  As each minute passed, the debt Remons Global owed to World Auto increased by tens of thousands of dollars.
Mike walked over to the dock.  A chair was wedged between two dock doors.  He pulled out the chair and collapsed into its coffee-stained fabric seat.  He pulled the mobile phone from his pocket, scrolled to Bill’s name, and pressed the mobile number.
Two rings later, Bill answered, “Please tell me something good.”
“The Destroyer line is down.  Hard down.  Our roof stamping failed durability.  All inventories are scrap.  Non-repairable.”  Mike’s voice almost sounded robotic.  His emotions were shot.
“Well?  That’s it, then.  Right?  We’re toast?”
Mike said, “Yes.  The people remaining behind will get a new employer.  I hear World Auto is a good outfit to work for.  Too bad for you and me.  I guess we can chew pencils together in the unemployment line.”  Then, he asked, “What will you tell Remons?  It doesn’t matter, right?”
“I don’t know.”  With that, Bill disconnected the call.
He didn’t wait.  He pressed the speed dial button for Remons mobile phone.  The call went directly to voicemail.  “Mr. Remons, please call me back, ASAP.  Plant 37 shut down the Destroyer line at World Auto.”  That was it.  No other details were needed.  Remons would immediately know what was next.  What was next was a team was in route to Plant 37.  It wasn’t Remons Rescue.  World Auto’s own crisis fix-it team was heading there.
Bill was standing outside the minivan, leaning on the rear bumper, and staring at the pavement.  He looked up, seeing Sam walking across the parking lot and toward the minivan.  He sighed and began walking toward him; the pair now facing the biggest problem of their careers at Remons Global.
Bill asked, “Police and fire department finally gone?”
“Yeah, they’re gone.  The fire department confirmed there was no risk of fire.  The pneumatics have been completely shutdown on the work center.  Everything is locked out.”  Turning to look at the building, Sam said, “It’s astonishing the place didn’t catch on fire.  That’s a massive hole.”
They both walked to the building, now that it was declared safe for entry.  The damage, from the outside, looked like a tornado, one that lost its way from the Midwest and fell out of the sky in California.  A large wall section, more than one hundred feet in width, had been blown out of the building.  It was now strewn across the nearby parking lot.  An equal area of the roof, above the blown out, twisted wall, was missing.
They had watched earlier as the motorized, robotically driven, camera-laden bomb defusing vehicles surveyed the inside of the plant.  One of the robots had worked its way around Work Center 73.  Then, it had been easy to identify the cause of the explosion.  A control valve on the high-pressure side of the air pressure system had frozen.  The back up relief valve had failed to work properly.  Air pressures had built beyond the design limits of the storage tank and the attached rotational structures.  Work Center 73 had self-destructed.
Bill said, “Let the first shift maintenance guys sleep until morning.  Then, call them in for Saturday work.  They need to clean up the mess and install some temporary covers on the building.”
Sam replied, “No problem.  We did not dodge a bullet tonight.  At least, though, it was just a rubber one.  A few bruises are better than being dead.”
Bill smiled, “The bullet wasn’t aimed here, I guess.  Because it hit in the heart of Plant 37.”
Bill, still holding his phone, tried to reach Remons.  Voicemail, again.

Chapter 26
On the upper deck, Remons paced around frantically.  Nothing was working.  Nothing!  His phones, The Owner’s engines, the navigation systems, satellite communication systems, air conditioning; everything was malfunctioning.
The captain emerged from the forward staircase.  He was shining a flashlight as he walked across the deck.  Captain Roland Caltoan had commanded The Owner since she launched in 2012.  The ship was custom designed by Remons’ engineers and constructed in a European shipyard.  Remons hired Caltoan in 2010.  His first assignment was to personally manage the ship’s construction in Europe.  For two years, Caltoan lived aboard the vessel under construction.  He signed off on every minor detail of the contract.  This was his ship.  He knew her intimately.
Remons commissioned the design in 2008.  The Owner was a scheduled replacement for his then current ship, The Karl Remons.  After launching The Owner, Remons sent The Karl Remons to a new berth in Singapore.  He periodically jetted across the Pacific, spending a few days on the older and significantly smaller ship.
Captain Caltoan walked across the deck and went behind the helicopter.  Remons was leaning against the stern rail and staring into the darkness.  The sky was pitch black.  The ocean appeared endless in every direction.
“Mr. Remons, sir.”
Remons spun around slowly.  “What’s happening, Roland?”
“We don’t know.  Every computer is down.  The engines are dead.  HVAC is dead.  Even the ship’s lighting systems, the one’s regulated by the computers, they are flickering like Christmas trees.”
“What does that mean?  Just fix it!  I thought you knew the ship’s construction.”
Caltoan continued, “This is serious, sir.  We have no propulsion, no navigation, and no communication.  We are dead in the water, presumably drifting out into the Pacific.”
Remons leaned forward and stared down at Roland, his face less than six inches away.  He just stared, saying nothing.
Captain Caltoan stepped back a pace and continued talking.
“Sir, I understand this situation is uncomfortable for you.  Please accept my humblest apologies.  Please let me explain.”  Caltoan was nervous.  They were in the Pacific Ocean on a private ship.  Roland Caltoan knew that uttering one wrong word could result in him losing his job.  Not just fired, either.  He would be tossed in the sea, probably by Remons’ own hands, and left to die slowly from hypothermia.  Less mercifully, he would die in the teeth of a shark, shredded to pieces.
Remons slammed both hands on the deck railing.  “Why the fuck do I pay you so much money?  You can’t fix it?  Nothing?”
“Not yet, sir.  Let me explain what has happened, and what we are doing.”
Remons stood silent again, his glare diminishing slightly.  At least, that was what Caltoan wanted to believe.
“We were on our normal westerly course, having safely crossed the line.”
The ‘line’ in this discussion was the twenty-four mile line.  Once a vessel is twenty-four miles away from the mainland of California, or any United States geographical territory for that matter, it is in international waters.  There are two lines - one at twelve miles and another at twenty-four miles.  While technically they were in international waters at the twelve-mile line, the space between twelve and twenty-four was still patrolled by the US Coast Guard.  The Coast Guard had no authority beyond twenty-four miles.
Captain Caltoan continued.  “All systems were working.  Suddenly, probably twenty-seven miles offshore, it was as if we sailed into a highly charged electrical atmospheric storm.  Everything went haywire.  Everything.  It’s Bermuda Triangle kind of stuff.  I am not able to explain why this is happening.  Not yet, sir.”
He was emphasizing this last point, trying to avoid a deathly night swim.
“What about the speedboats?”
“Their engines won’t start and the navigation systems are fried anyway.  We can’t find our way back safely without the navigation.”
“Get the helicopter pilot up here.  He’s flying me out of this mess!”
“Sir, I have already considered that option for you.  A few minutes ago, I had the pilot check his aircraft.  It’s dead, too.  We are all stuck.  There’s nothing I can do, yet.  Sir, I will find a solution.”
Remons began walking toward the front of the ship.  Caltoan followed.  Remons had a good idea about the Pacific Ocean current flows, but he asked anyway.  “Where are we headed on this drifting life raft?”
“Sir, I have my crew attempting dead reckoning calculations now.  The have the sextants out and are refreshing themselves on how to operate them.  My guess, right now, is we are drifting south, but more likely south-southwest.  Current flow is only one to maybe two knots.  The problem is the winds.  We have a northeasterly breeze helping move us along the path.  I’m guessing this adds another one knot, at—”
Remons interrupted.  “Spit it out.”
“Southwesterly.  At least three, maybe four knots per hour.  The California coastline geography angles away to the southeast.  We are drifting away from land quickly – at least five miles each hour.
The Owner had been powerless for more than three hours.
He continued.  “Sir, I believe we are at least fifty miles from the California coastline.”
They had reached the sitting area on the forward part of the ship.  Remons sat down in one of the chairs.  He raised his hand and snapped a finger.  An attendant ran up quickly.  “Bring me a bourbon.”
Looking over at Caltoan, Remons asked, “The banking computers and the satellites?  Nothing?  We cannot do ANY business tonight?”
“No, sir.”
The attendant arrived with the bourbon.  Remons took it and shooed the attendant away.
“Go fix it, Caltoan.  Now!”
Caltoan walked away, thankful Remons had not tossed him into the dark and cold sea.
-----
In 1996, Remons had taken full control of Remons Global, following the premature deaths of his partners.  The business value at that time was three billion dollars.  The deaths had allowed Remons to buy out the partners’ estates for one hundred and fifty million dollars.  It had been the steal of a lifetime, for Remons anyway.
In the past seventeen years, he had brutally grown Remons Global.  Brutal, in the sense that each portfolio acquisition had been a hostile takeover.  Remons Global now operated one hundred forty eight facilities around the world.  Not any of them had been a merger of equals, or strategic partnership.  It was now a global operation.  It was one of the largest companies in the world.  Annual revenues were huge.  But, everyone, other than Remons, could only guess at its size.  He compartmentalized the details, feeding only necessary information to certain members of the organization, and only in bits and pieces.
Business publications estimated Remons’ net worth at forty three billion dollars, but it was just a guess.  Only Remons knew and he declined any interviewer’s request for confirmation.  Remons Global, based on estimates only, generated annual revenues of more than thirty five billion dollars.
Remons lived in the United States, in the State of California.  He was born in New York.  He was a rightful citizen of the democracy, and an obligated taxpayer under Internal Revenue Service laws.  Remons despised the tax system.  Only he was worthy of deciding where to spend his hard earned money.
The Owner was one asset under the Remons Global umbrella.  To outsiders, it was just an over-the-top display of wealth by a very rich and eccentric man.  A handful of personal slaves to Remons knew the truth.  The Owner was a floating office.  It managed the flow of Remons Global capital around the world; discreetly shifting money in and out of different countries, on an almost continual basis.
Every few days, The Owner left the territorial boundaries of the United States.  It entered international waters and that’s where the real work began.  Remons had his own communication satellites to handle the electronic money laundering operations.  For several hours, the Chief Financial Officer, Controller and Vice President of International Operations, all aboard The Owner, manipulated the financial holdings of Remons Global, via the secure communication systems onboard.  They transmitted commands to the satellites.  The satellites spread the commands anonymously to their other low orbit friends, and then to ground stations around the world.  For hours, money was flowing in and out of banks globally, like blood moving in and around a person’s body.
Remons’ laundering operations were more secure than the United States National Security Administration.  His financial team was loyal until their deaths.  They knew this.  Remons had not minced words on the subject.  He had told them, years ago, as a group, “I will personally kill you if you leak this operation.  If one of you finds out another person is leaking information, and does not kill that person immediately, I will kill you first.  Then kill the other person.”
Tonight, the asset flows were dead.  The blood in the body of Remons Global sat stuck in a traffic jam.  The brain, Remons’ floating office, was not talking to the body.
He finished the bourbon and stood back up.  Remembering Elizabeth was in his cabin below decks, he decided to wake her up.  Her ‘turn’ was still in play.  If he wasn’t going to sleep, then neither was she.
Remons climbed down a private aft staircase.  It went directly into his suite.  The suite spread the full width of The Owner’s beam, windows facing aft, as well as to the port and starboard sides of the ship.  He placed his feet on the deep, soft carpet of the foyer.  Around him was nothing but exceptional elegance.  He walked across the large living area, down a wide, short hallway, and through the double doors to his bedroom.
Elizabeth was asleep in the king sized bed; a bed dwarfed by the sheer size of the room.  He turned on the room perimeter lights, and said, “Wake up, sleeping beauty.  I can’t sleep.  Guess you can’t either.”
Elizabeth awoke slowly and looked at the windows.  It was still dark outside.  She was not surprised or worried.  This was one of her many purposes at Remons Global.  It was just part of the job.
She rolled over, smiling seductively at Remons.  At least, that’s what he chose to believe.

Chapter 27
It was 5:27 AM, on the day after the first day of summer.
“Wake up!”
Albert’s eyes flew open.  He sprung to his feet; ready for a fight.
The police officer stepped back a few feet, placing his right hand on the gun in his holster.  He said, “Slow down, sir.  Just stand there and keep calm.”
Albert stood absolutely still.  There was no reason to be shot before breakfast.  “I’m sorry, officer.  You frightened me.  I was mugged yesterday – I’m a little jumpy at the moment.”
“Sir, what is your name?”
“Excuse me?”  Albert respected the police, but unwarranted interrogation was not on his personal menu for this morning.
“Sir, this is a private dock.  Vagrants are not allowed out here.”
Albert thought the officer did well on the redirected question.  He was within his reach to kick out trespassers.  Still ignoring the first question, Albert addressed the second statement from the officer.
“This is my vessel, Teleport,” Albert said, pointing to his ship.  “We are registered to this slip, and you may verify this with the marina office.”  Albert then stepped over the lifelines and up on the deck of Teleport.  Standing above the police officer, he looked down, and asked, “Will there be anything else, officer?”
“Yes, sir.  Do you own a gun?”
Albert was tickled now.  Of course, he did.  He owned an arsenal.  “Officer, I don’t understand the relevance of your question.”
The officer was getting frustrated.  “Sir, do you own a Ruger SR9c?”
Now he had Albert’s attention.  Something had happened with James.  “Yes, I do.  Why?”
“Are you aware of the current location of your gun?”
“Officer, number one, the gun is registered in my name.  Number two, I have a concealed weapon permit, properly issued by the State of Michigan.”  He continued, “To the best of my knowledge, the gun is located in the gas dock store.”  Albert was pointing toward the gas dock.  “James Edwards has it stored away, for safe keeping.”
“Mr. Pabek, I need you to come down to the station with me.”
“How do you know my name?”
“Your gun was discharged by Mr. James Edwards last night.  The serial number was traced to you as the lawful owner.  Mr. Edwards has been detained.”
“What?”  Albert could not believe what he was hearing.
“Sir, Mr. Edwards is being held, pending your confirmation of his story, that he was asked, by you, to store the gun.  Last night, Mr. Edwards thwarted an attempted robbery of the gas dock store.  The intruder was killed with your weapon.”
“Damn!”  Albert didn’t think James had it in him.  He had underestimated the kid.
“Where’s the station, officer?  I want to clean up first, and then I will come down to pick up James.  And my gun.”
“Sir, I’m sorry, but your gun must remain in the evidence locker.  Until the district attorney dismisses the case, you will be unable to retrieve it.”
“Fine.  Some directions, please?”
The officer removed a business card from his shirt pocket, handing it up to Albert.  Albert reached down and accepted the card.  On the front side was the officer’s contact information.  The backside featured a small map to the police station.
The police officer said, “Thanks.”  He rather gruffly walked away.
Albert decided to get some coffee and breakfast.  Besides, Veronica may be able to explain what happened with James.  He stepped back on the dock and untied the Yamaha.  “Might as well drive my new toy,” he said.
He gingerly stepped off the dock and sat on the WaveRunner.  He lifted his right foot and used it to push the craft away from the dock.  Albert started the engine.  The fuel alarm sounded again.  He reset the buzzer.
Albert idled the WaveRunner out past the breakwater.  Once in the bay, he turned right and accelerated toward the main pier where Veronica’s coffee shop was located.  He reached one of the visitor slips and shut off the engine, as the WaveRunner glided to the dock.  He found a dock line, tied off the watercraft, and climbed up on the dock.
Daylight was beginning to show itself in northern California.  The air was cool, but not so cool as to be unbearable.  He walked along the dock, weaving his way to Dad’s Coffee & More.  The lights were on, and the coffee shop was open.  Veronica was busy brewing special orders for three customers in line.  Albert noticed several other people drifting slowly toward the coffee shop.  They appeared almost like zombies, fresh from the grave, needing whatever it is zombies need first thing in the morning.
Opening the door, Albert smelled the strong fragrance of coffee.  He loved the morning.  It was tough to beat the combination of coffee and an early morning sun.
Veronica noticed him.  “Hey, Albert!  Black?  I’ll have it out in a few minutes.  You are fourth in the cue.”
Albert smiled, “Stick a muffin with it also, please.  I’ll find a seat.”
He walked over to the open air dining area, found the same seat as the previous day, and sat down.  This morning featured a different view.  His sight to the east was much less obstructed with The Owner away from its berth.
Veronica arrived with his order and placed it on the table.  “Thanks for making James walk me home last night.  I was trashed.  I’m busy right now.  I’ll come back over in a few minutes.  You’ll still be here?”
Albert smiled at her.  “Yes, I’ll be here for a little while.  When you come back, will you bring another cup of coffee?”
“Sure,” she said.  Then, Veronica bounced back to the service counter.  Already, three more zombies were waiting for their morning medicine.
Albert was left to his thoughts.  His mind told him, “You are behind schedule.”
He was indeed behind schedule and needed help.  There was no other way to fix it.  He pulled the smartphone from his shirt pocket.  Scrolling the contacts, Albert located Lawrence Stone.  Albert pressed the Send Message icon.  Then he typed, “Off schedule.  Need help now.”
A moment later, a message popped up from Lawrence.  “I’ll get on the next plane out.  Where to meet?”
Albert’s fondness and familiarity with the coffee shop prevailed.  He sent, “Dad’s Coffee & More.  Pier Marina.”
He looked up and found Veronica sitting at his table.  “I’m back!  How did you sleep?”
Albert took a bite of the muffin and drank a swallow of coffee.  “Not too well.  Fell asleep on the dock and woke up cold.”
Veronica looked confused.  “Why sleep outside, when you have that nice sailboat?”
He momentarily ignored the question, instead asking, “James walked you home, right?”
“Sure, he was very nice to do that.”
“What happened to him, after leaving your place?”
“I don’t know.  He went home, I guess.”  Veronica hesitated, gazing down at the table.
Albert asked, “What is it?”
“James doesn’t like people to know his business.  He lives in the store on the gas dock.  Sleeps in the storage room floor.  He doesn’t have a real place anywhere else.”
Things were a little clearer now for Albert.  He was guessing it wasn’t a burglary attempt.  The intruder was trying to hurt James, and it was likely Albert’s fault.  He had spent too much time with James.  Remons’ goons were shaking him down for information.
Albert said, “James is in trouble.  He was arrested last night for shooting an intruder.  The intruder is dead, and James is in jail.  I’m going to get him from the police station soon.”
“What?  That’s crazy.  James wouldn’t shoot anyone.  He doesn’t own a gun.  Even if he did, he wouldn’t use it.  That’s not his way!”
“The gun belongs to me.  James was storing it, just like you did for my wallet and phone.”
Veronica angrily said, “This is your fault.  You need to get him out!”  She stood up and went back to brewing zombie medicine.
Albert finished his breakfast and left a ten-dollar bill on the table.  He removed the police station directions from his pocket and headed to The Embarcadero.  The station was a few blocks away.  Albert strolled slowly, turn by turn, following the directions.  He was enjoying the walk and the cool morning air.  It was lifting his spirits.  More importantly, it was knocking away some of the self-doubt about his plan.  He and Lawrence would get things back on schedule.
Reaching the police station, Albert climbed the stairs and walked in the second story building entrance.  He announced his arrival to the desk clerk.
The clerk looked to his right.  An older, grumpy looking officer was sitting at a desk, drinking a cup of coffee, and staring at a computer monitor.  “Hey, Sarge.  Albert Pabek is here for the kid.”
The sergeant looked up, turned his head, and eyed Albert.  “Can you step over here, Mr. Pabek?”
Albert walked over and remained standing by the sergeant at his desk.  The nameplate on the desk read, “Sergeant Bratcher”.  There was a chair, but Albert did not sit down.
“Sit down, Mr. Pabek.  It will only take a moment of your time.  Please.”
Albert sat down.  “I’m only here to pick up James.  The other cop told me.  My gun stays in the evidence locker.”
Bratcher said, “By shooting that thug last night, Mr. Edwards may have saved his own life.  However, Mr. Edwards, being a local, knows that this is not the end of the trouble.  You may not know how deep the shit is around the kid’s waist.”
Albert said nothing.
Continuing, Bratcher said, “The man that died was a thug.  Unfortunately, for James, he was a thug that works for Karl Remons.  Do you know who that is?”
Albert smiled, “I’ve talked to him a couple of times.  He was shaking me down.  Said I was a stranger and didn’t belong here.”
Now the sergeant smiled.  “Typical reaction from him.  I’m surprised you met him personally, though.  How did that come about?”
Albert was no longer in the sharing mood.  The sergeant was on a fishing expedition.  Albert intended to send him home with an empty stringer.  “Just unlucky, I guess.  Can I have James, now?  I have a busy day.”
The sergeant frowned and shrugged his shoulders.  “Sure, Mr. Edwards is free to go.”  He waved to one of the other officers.  The officer opened a small door; James was sitting on the floor behind it.
James lifted his head.  His gloomy eyes brightened instantly.  “Captain!  You came to rescue me?”  He jumped up and sprinted across the room.  Grabbing Albert’s right hand, he shook it wildly.  “Gee, thanks, Captain!  Can we get out of here?”
“Sure.”
James opened the door, somehow saluting at the same time.  “After you, Captain!”

Chapter 28
Plant 37 was in a firestorm.  Daylight had arrived a few hours earlier.  Along with it, the World Auto emergency response team had arrived.  The full destruction of the Mechanical room was becoming evident.  It looked as if a bomb had exploded.  The equipment was scattered all around where the building once stood.
It was late morning in Michigan.  Mike had spent the night at Plant 37 and was still commanding the recovery effort.  He had spent the past hour briefing Phillip Zanyer, the Plant Manager.  Bill Shefford was participating in the briefing via telephone.
Phillip Zanyer joined Remons Global in 2005, after being hired as the new plant manager for Plant 37.  The old plant manager had retired unexpectedly, packed up, and moved to the Caribbean.  No one knew what became of him.
As the new plant manager, Zanyer was expected to, within twelve months of hire, double the net operating profit at Plant 37.  He was a tough and ruthless manager, and accomplished the profitability two months earlier than required.  Everyone in Plant 37, especially Mike, despised Phillip Zanyer.
The two men were meeting in Zanyer’s office.  There was no electricity.  Only the morning sun lighted the room, glowing through the tinted office windows.  Bell’s mobile phone was on the desk and set to speakerphone.  Bill Shefford had joined the meeting from his California office.
Shefford said, “So, is there anything else we need to discuss, before joining the meeting with World Auto?”
Zanyer replied, “No.  We will disconnect with you and move to the conference room.  I’ll make sure you are patched in from there.”
Bill replied, “Give me five minutes.  I need a bathroom break and some fresh coffee.”
Mike’s phone flashed Call Ended.
His boss no longer eavesdropping, Zanyer had some harsher words for Bell.  He sat there, staring at him intensely.  Finally, he spoke.  “Why the fuck did you let this happen?  You have ruined me!”
“Sir, the boilers exploded.  There’s nothing we could have done differently.  It just happened.”
Zanyer continued, “I should have fired you years ago.  You are such a fucking idiot, as well as the other old people in this place.  Just so you clearly understand - I’m pinning this one directly on your fucking heart!  Understand?  You are a dead man.  I will bury you and walk away smelling like a hero.”
Mike looked at him dispassionately, a whipped man in a big corporation, now considering how his golden years may be financially ruined.  “Sir.  Right now, we need to fix this situation.  I guess you can bury me later, after I clean up the mess.”
“Fine, Bell.  What do you need?”
“You know how this will be going down.  The World Auto team is in charge.  They have it in the contract.  We, including you, are just their minions.”
Zanyer sighed and looked out of the window.  “Let’s head over to the conference room.  I expect you to do all of the apologizing.  You are under the bus, even with World Auto.  I will be the white knight.”
“Yes, sir,” Mike frowned at Zanyer.
They left Zanyer’s office and headed across the hall to the executive conference room.  The doors to the room were closed.  Seated in the corner of the lobby, Jonna Serlins and Ed Tanzar were quietly discussing possible ways to repair the defective inventory.
Out of their earshot, Zanyer glared at Bell, saying, “Don’t fuck up anymore, asshole.  Else, I will bury you, in every sense of the word.  Are we crystal clear?”
“Yes, sir,” he responded, without lifting his head.  “Let’s see if Ed or Jonna have any new ideas.”
Mike walked across the lobby and Zanyer followed.  Zanyer didn’t like Ed Tanzar.  He believed Tanzar was more useless than Bell.  And Jonna Serlins?  She was no one to Phillip Zanyer; she was just another blue-collar worker.
Ed said, “Don’t bother asking.  There’s no magic solution available to fix this problem.”
Ed Tanzar’s career at Plant 37 began forty-one years earlier.  He was hired as a production worker.  From production, he had moved to the Quality department, in the role of QC Inspector.  After four decades, he had slowly progressed to his current job – leading the quality function at Plant 37.  His title was, Quality Director.
Ed added, “Jonna can explain it better than me.  Mike, we both know she is smarter than us.  Jonna, please explain to Mr. Zanyer.”
Ed and Mike laughed.  It was true; she was the most knowledgeable about the Destroyer part.  However, that’s not why they were laughing.  The comment was really a dig on Phillip Zanyer.  He hated – absolutely despised – talking with the “commoners”, as he called them.
Jonna said, “Mr. Zanyer, the AF die section, it is located on the upper quadrant bolster—”
Zanyer interrupted, “Oh, shut up.  I don’t want to hear all that technical nonsense.  Can we fix the problem?”
Jonna curtly replied, “No.”
“Then, go work on a solution,” Zanyer said.  “I don’t need you or Tanzar in this meeting.  You have nothing to offer.”
“Yes, sir,” Ed responded.  To Jonna, Ed said, “Let’s have some coffee first, then we can go inspect some more of the inventory.”  Ed and Jonna left the lobby.
Zanyer glared at Bell, saying, “Remember – fuck up and I will kill you.”  Then, he opened the executive conference doors and the real shit storm began.
The executive conference room in Plant 37 was enormous.  It comfortably seated twenty-four people around one giant round table.  Every seat had a perfect view of every other seat, allowing for free-flowing ideas, threats, stares, intimidations, and any other emotion evocable by the participants.  Today, eighteen seats were occupied - all by World Auto employees.
“Morning, gentlemen,” Zanyer started the dialog, as he walked in the room.
One of the World Auto people, the highest-ranking member, obviously, was standing and pointing an accusing finger.  He said, “Zanyer, what the hell is going on?”
“Sit down, please,” Zanyer replied.  “Let’s all have a calm and rational conversation.  Bill Shefford will join our discussion, via telephone.  He is presently in California.”
While Zanyer was talking, Mike had pressed the redial button for Bill Shefford.  Shefford answered and Mike whispered, “Just a moment, the meeting is starting.”  He pressed the speakerphone button and placed his phone in the center of the conference room table.  Zanyer looked at Bell.  Mike nodded, confirming Bill was on the line.
“Mr. Shefford,” Zanyer said, “we have joined the World Auto management team in the executive conference room.”
Bill said, “Good Morning.  This is Bill Shefford speaking.  I am responsible for Remons Global manufacturing facilities worldwide.  I appreciate your joining us this morning.  I can assure you we are working aggressively to resolve this unexpected issue.”
He paused, waiting for Zanyer to speak.  Zanyer said nothing.  Bill continued, “Mr. Zanyer, please begin the meeting.”
Zanyer looked around the room, and then said, “This is Mike Bell.  He is the production manager responsible for this mess.  He will explain it in detail.  Bell?”  Zanyer sat down in his chair, leaving Mike as the only person standing in the room.
With that introduction, Mike sat down and began to describe the previous night’s events.

Chapter 29
Bill Shefford was sitting in his office, looking out the panoramic windows.  In the distance, he could see employees tightening the tarps pulled over the massive hole in the building.  His speakerphone was still active.  He was listening to the yelling of World Auto, across the country, in the executive conference room of Plant 37.
“Bill!”  One of the World Auto team members yelled through the speakerphone, as if he were sitting two feet away from Bill’s seat.  “I asked, ‘what are you doing about this mess?’”
Bill spoke softly, “Mike has explained this already.  Our engineers are searching the world for units to replace the ones we lost in the explosion.  Our best estimates, as Mike explained to you, are operations restarting in ten to fourteen days.”
The voice yelled louder, “That’s not good enough.  The Destroyer cannot be out of production for two weeks.  It will cost us hundreds of millions, maybe even billions.  You know that!”
“I know, gentlemen,” Bill was trying to get someone else talking.  Ideally, it would be Zanyer, but Bill had already accepted that was an unlikely possibility.  Zanyer had sat quietly most of the meeting.
Mike took the opportunity to speak.  “Gentlemen, Mr. Zanyer, Mr. Shefford, and I, we need to consult with our people.  Can we reconvene at 2:00 PM today for a status report?”
The World Auto team agreed.  The meeting concluded.  The World Auto employees left the room and headed for lunch.  Mike and Zanyer stayed behind.  Bill Shefford was still on the phone.
Zanyer spoke first.  “Bill, I assure you, Mike Bell is finished.  I have already fired him.  He cannot leave until everything is fixed, though.”
Bill replied, “Fine.  That’s for us to talk about later.  We need Mike right now.  Don’t shove him out the door too fast.”
Speaking directly to Mike, Bill said, “This is one big screw up, and it has the potential to kill Remons Global.  I expect 100% of your time, day and night, until it is fixed.  You and Zanyer can settle up on this termination issue after that.  Are we clear?”
Mike responded, “Yes, sir.  I understand.”
Zanyer was sitting in his chair, smiling at Mike.  He raised his right hand and curled all of the fingers, except one.  He waved his middle finger, mouthing silently so Bill wouldn’t hear, “Fuck you, Bell.”
Mike ignored him, got up, and left the conference room.  He was on his own to fix this mess.  Zanyer wasn’t going to be of any help.  Bill clicked off the speakerphone, ending his connection with the executive conference room of Plant 37.  He called Sam to check on his own plant’s status.
Sam answered on the fourth ring.  “Hey, Bill.  It’s a beautiful Saturday morning.  My guess is I’ll be on a surfboard by late afternoon.  You should get the fishing pole out and relax for a couple of hours.”
Bill smiled, “You are the eternal optimist.”
Sam interrupted, “Nope.  I’m serious.  We got a lucky break.  Work Center 73 is down, sure.  But, all of the fixtures and other unique parts are fine.  The engineers are moving everything to Work Center 49.  We will be back in production within the next two hours.”
Bill was surprised.  “You’re joking, right?”
“No.  I’m very serious.  The maintenance crew will have Work Center 73 running in a few days.  However, we are fine long term with running on Work Center 49 as an alternate.  Get some sleep and relax.  Plant 1 is under control.”  Then he added, with a hint of sarcasm, “I may live the Remons Global dream after all.”
Bill pressed the End Call button on his mobile.  Now all he needed was divine intervention for Plant 37 and a quick resolution for the labor unrest in Plant 114.  Then, it could be just another day.
He tried again reaching Remons mobile phone.  The call went directly to voicemail.
Chapter 30
It was 8:00 AM, on the day after the first day of summer.
After leaving the police station, Albert and James walked to Dad’s Coffee & More.  They were seated alongside the pier, finishing their first cup of coffee.  James had been quiet since walking out of jail.  Albert had allowed the silence, his own mind busy thinking about the next sequence of events.  He was rolling ideas around in his head and focusing on timeline restoration.
Veronica walked up, carrying a Bunn coffee flask and an additional mug.  She slumped into an empty seat.  The bubbly personality was missing.  She was tired, at least for the moment.  “Morning rush is over, finally,” she said, tired but smiling.
She looked at James.  “What happened last night?”
James shook his head.  “It was just awful.”  He seemed prepared to milk the situation, in search of her affections.  “It was just awful.”  He said again.  “I was almost asleep, and there was a knock on the door.  It happens sometimes, so I just ignored it.”
As he talked, the fictional story seemed to take on its own life.
“Anyway, the guy, he kept knocking.  I got scared, you know?”  He was now searching for sympathy in Veronica’s eyes.  “So, I remembered about the Captain’s gun.”
He looked at Albert, questioningly.
Albert said, “No worries.  She knows you were storing it away for me.  Keep going.”
“Yeah, so anyway, I pulled the gun out, just in case.  Who knows what a crazy person will do in the middle of the night?  No one could blame me.  Right?  So, I yell at the guy that the store is closed.  All of the sudden, he opens the door.  Like, he picked the lock, or had a key, or something like that.”
James continued, “So, I’m standing there.  This guy says he is going to kill me and steal all my money.  Man!  Now, I’m really freaking out.  I don’t want to die, and all.  He can have the money, but die?  No way, dude!  I wasn’t lettin’ that happen.”
“So, I lift up the gun and point it at him and tell him to go away.  But he just laughs at me and says that I’m going to die.  So, I’m scared.  And, I have a gun.  And, I’m afraid he has a gun, too, you know what I mean?  He’s inside the store.  So I shoot him and he flies out through the door and out on the dock.”
Veronica was mesmerized by the story.  “What happened then?”
James could see it in her eyes.  He was beginning to believe it was a lucky day, after all.  “So anyway, Veronica, I’m standing there.  I was right in what I did.  But, I was still really scared and shaking.  Now, there was this dead dude lying outside my store.  I was frozen there in my steps.  I don’t know how long.  Could have been ten minutes.  Who knows?  I don’t.”
Veronica was leaning over, patting James on the back, and smiling at him sympathetically.  “James, you were so brave to have done that.  I don’t think I could have been so brave.”
James was smiling at her, “Yeah, it was nothing.  Just looking out for myself and other little people.  Like you and me.”  He reached over and touched her knee.  She didn’t move his hand.  He thought, “Finally, she likes me!”
Albert pulled James out of his attempt at a love connection.  “James, who was trying to break into the store?”
“I had never seen him before, Captain.  Maybe some traveling thug, out breaking into places and then moving on.  Don’t know, really.”
Albert let it go.  It had to be one of Remons’ goons.  If it was, James probably knew him.  But, he would let James have his fantasy version of the events.  Probably, no one would ever know what had really happened that night.  Besides, it didn’t matter much.  If it were one of the Remons’ goons, he would have certainly killed James.  James was just protecting himself.
Albert looked at Veronica.  She had a phone against her ear and was not smiling.  She said, “Liz, please call me back.  I’m worried about you.”  Veronica pressed the End Call button and laid the phone on the table.
“What’s wrong?”  James put his hand back on her knee.
Veronica gently lifted James’ hand away.  The fascinating story had lost its charm.  “Elizabeth isn’t answering her phone.  She’s still out on The Owner, I’m sure.  Every other time, though, her phone would work.  And, she should have called or texted by now.”
She looked at Albert and leaned over near him.  In the process, she turned clearly away from James.  She said, “Albert, do you think anything is wrong?  I’m really worried.”
Albert spoke assuredly, “You said she was tough and could handle any situation.  I’m sure she is fine.”
James was ignoring the conversation, staring broodingly into the distance.  James liked Veronica, but she didn’t reciprocate the affection.  The three of them sat quietly for a few minutes, only focused on drinking coffee.
Albert broke the silence, “Where did Elizabeth say they were going last night?”
Veronica shook her head and shrugged her shoulders.  “I don’t know.  She usually doesn’t know where they are going.  She overnights on The Owner once or twice a month.  Says Remons is like an infant; he can’t do anything for himself.  There’s a bazillion servants on there with him.  Sometimes, though, he’s having a bad day and demands Liz to travel.”
She continued, saying, “I heard the news about the Oakland explosion.  He probably thinks some country is personally waging war against Remons Global.  He likely made her go, thinking he was rescuing her from the Apocalypse.  He’s crazy that way.  That’s what Liz says, anyway.”
Albert asked, “Where have they went in the past?”
“She says they don’t go anywhere.  They just head out away from land, usually for about a day.  She says it’s like a miniature vacation on a cruise ship.  She just lies around on the deck most of the time; drink in one hand and her phone in the other.  Remons doesn’t bother her too much.  She says he is usually in one of the rooms below decks, drinking it up and laughing with his staff.”
James was still looking away, but had been listening.  “I think that guy, Remons, is an asshole.  I wish he had been in front of the gun last night.”
Albert smiled at James.  The kid had a good understanding of how life should work, but rarely ever does.
James said, “I have to go to work.  The gas dock isn’t open, and I’m in trouble.  Just like always.”  He left the table and headed toward the gas dock.  This time, he had not saluted Albert.  Albert guessed James was too heartbroken.
Veronica said, “Thanks for getting James out of jail.  He has good intentions.”  She smiled at Albert, saying, “I walked by the dock where Teleport is slipped this morning.  She’s a magnificent looking vessel.  Maybe sometime I can stop by and get a closer look?”
Albert wasn’t interested in any distractions.  “Right now, I have to take care of a few things.  And, you have a coffee shop to run.  Maybe sometime before I leave.”  He pointed at the two customers staring quietly at Veronica.
She sprung out of the seat and headed for the counter.
Albert placed a twenty under a cup and headed back to Dock 14 on his new WaveRunner.

Chapter 31
The Owner was drifting somewhere in the Pacific Ocean.  There was pandemonium all around.  The chaos began the moment Remons woke for the day.  He had jumped out of the bed, dressed, and yelled at Elizabeth to get up.  Then he had stormed up the private staircase and out on the upper deck.
On deck, Remons had looked around in every direction.  Water everywhere.  Then, he went ballistic, screaming and walking fore and aft along the upper deck.  Then, he ran to the bridge and yelled at Caltoan.  Then, down all of the corridors, banging on cabin doors, and yelling, “Get on the upper deck!”
Now, every person aboard The Owner was present on the upper deck.  They were lined up in rows.  It looked like a muster drill aboard a cruise ship, just before drinks were poured and the ship sailed for a tropical paradise.  However, this was no muster drill, and it definitely was not a pleasure cruise.
Remons had been yelling and screaming for over fifteen minutes.
“…  And I mean it!  No more excuses!”  He continued, “Caltoan!  Where the hell are we at now?  Why haven’t we radioed any other ship for help?”
“Mr. Remons, sir.  My staff has estimated our position.  We are roughly due west of Santa Barbara, about one hundred miles from shore.”
“One hundred miles out in the Pacific?  That’s what you are telling me?  Are we just drifting ourselves over to Hawaii for a vacation?”  Remons changed to a new victim of his rampage.  “You!”  He was pointing at Max.  “Helicopter pilot!”
Elizabeth leaned toward him.  “Sir, his name is Max.”
“I don’t give a shit what his name is!”  He looked at Max.  “Is the helicopter working yet?”
Max said quietly, “No, sir.  The systems are erratic.  We would crash almost immediately, were I to attempt to fly her off the deck of the ship.”
Remons was about to release a tirade on one of the guards, but Max kept talking.  “Sir, we have another problem with the helicopter.  Were I able to resolve the mechanical and electrical concerns, we still would be unable to fly off the ship safely.”
Remons turned back to Max.  “And why the hell not?”
Max replied, “There’s not enough fuel to make it to the mainland.”
Remons grabbed Max by the neck, intent on choking the life out of him.
“Sir,” he gasped.  “Please let me explain.”
Remons looked around at the horrified faces.  He released the death grip on Max.  Max slumped a little, gasping for air.
Finally, he said, “The problems last night, at Plant 1…  The tanks were full.  Before I picked you up at the ballpark.”  He was struggling to regain his breath, and his composure.  He kept going, “We used up too much fuel on the Plant 1 issue.  When we landed on The Owner, she set sail immediately.”
Remons stared at Max.  “How much fuel do we have?”
Max responded, “Enough for seventy to ninety miles, safely.  Anything beyond that, we risk falling out of the sky and into the Pacific.”
Remons had bullied Max enough, at least for now.  “Just get the helicopter fixed.  I’ll worry about the fuel.”
Now turning to the head chef, Remons bellowed, “Where is my breakfast?”
The chef said, in a meek voice, “Sir, there is no electricity in the galley.  We can’t cook.  Sir.  All we have is cold food…”
Remons stepped toward the chef, menacingly looking down at the short man.  Quietly, he said, “I do not eat cold food.  How many years have you cooked for me?”
The chef was trembling.  “For four years, sir.”
“That means you are stupid.  I don’t want stupid people cooking food I eat.”
Remons grabbed the chef around the throat, lifting him in the air.  He walked to the railing along the upper deck, still holding the chef by the throat.  Using his other hand, Remons lifted the chef by his belt and balanced him on the railing.  He turned around, looking at everyone on the deck.  “Be grateful this wasn’t you.”
Then he pushed the chef overboard, not even bothering to watch the man fall.  The chef fell against the side of the ship and into the cold, Pacific waters, more than one hundred miles from shore.  Remons reached for one of the life rings, throwing it overboard toward the chef, as he was drifting away from the ship.
Remons stood waving at him.  “Bon voyage!  Safe travels!”
The remaining staff stood in silence, all stunned by Remons’ action.
Remons looked across the group, slowly panning his view from left to right.  “I expect solutions to this situation.  And I expect them now!”  Pointing to one of the other cooks, Remons said, “You are cooking.  Get me a hot breakfast immediately.  Otherwise, jump in the Pacific with your friend.  Understand?”
“Yes.  Yes, sir!”  The new shaking chef said.
Remons looked at Elizabeth.  “All this activity has worked up my appetite,” he wrapped his arm around her waist.  “Besides, we need something to do before breakfast.”
Elizabeth was queasy.  This was not the first murder she had witnessed, and she knew it likely wasn’t the last.  In eight years, she had seen more than a dozen deaths at Remons’ hands.  She quickly forced her brain to stop the flow of vomit.  She had to be strong.  She had to push down her disgust for Remons’ brutal treatment and properly assume her role as his part time bed companion.
Elizabeth knew her life depended on happily playing along.  She stood up on her toes, saying something quietly in Remons’ ear.
Remons smiled, saying, “Really?  I should do that?”
She descended the private staircase in front of him.  Remons dropped his robe on the upper deck, still in full view of the staff, and walked naked down the staircase.

Chapter 32
Michigan’s overnight temperatures had been warm, only dropping into the mid sixties.  Now, temperatures were already pushing into the eighties.  It was to be a hot Saturday.  Inside Plant 37, it was even hotter; a higher temperature caused by no electricity, and, therefore, no air conditioning.
Tempers were flaring in Plant 37’s executive conference room.  The World Auto army had finished lunch and returned to the executive conference room, now dubbed World Auto War Room.  It was their office now.  Temporary paper signs were taped to the wall on either side of the doors to the room, saying, “WORLD AUTO PROPERTY.  DO NOT ENTER WITHOUT ESCORT.”
Mike and Zanyer had been summoned to the World Auto War Room.  They approached the closed doors and Mike knocked gently.
“Come in,” yelled someone from the other side of the door.
They opened the doors and walked into the conference room.  They didn’t recognize the room.  There were several members of the World Auto team scribbling hastily on the large sheets of paper, which were plastered around the room.  A man was typing on the computer.  It was connected to an overhead projector.  He was updating the “Crisis Work Map” while others watched the progress and commented on changes to the plan.
A man walked over and introduced himself.  He said, “My name is Doug Malete.  I am the assigned lead for this project.”
Zanyer stepped toward Malete, forcing Mike to take a step back and sideways, in order to avoid penetrating each other’s personal space.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Malete.  I am Phillip Zanyer.  I am the Plant Manager of Remons Global, Plant 37.”  He reached his hand out to shake Malete’s.
Malete did not offer his hand for the handshake.  The power game had started.
“Phillip, let me correct your statement.  You were the Plant Manager.”  He placed heavy emphasis on the word - were.  Then, continuing, “I am now in charge of Plant 37.  You work for me.”
Phillip Zanyer had an ego.  A very, very large ego.
“Malete!  I AM the Plant Manager.  This is my plant.  I AM ALLOWING you the use of MY executive conference room.  UNDERSTAND?”
Doug Malete had turned away from Zanyer in the middle of his posturing speech.  A yet to be introduced World Auto team member handed Malete a manila folder.  It appeared to hold less than ten pages of paper.
Quietly, but very firmly, Malete said, “Zanyer, this is my plant now.  I suggest you read the language in our contract.”  With that comment, he held the folder out for Zanyer to take, dropping it on the floor before Phillip Zanyer could securely grasp it.
Zanyer reacted like a small child.  He squatted to the floor and gathered the folder and its contents.  Then, he stood up and looked sternly at Malete, but said nothing.  Zanyer was already a beaten man.
Malete smiled slightly at Zanyer.  “I’m glad we have that point cleared up.  Let me introduce you to your team members.”  Malete turned around.  “Listen up, everyone.  I want to explain to Phillip what’s happening now.”
Bell and Zanyer stood there, stunned by the turn of events.  Malete introduced each of the World Auto team, along with a brief description of each person’s function at Plant 37.  World Auto had dropped a full cross-functional management team into what once was Remons Global Plant 37.  It was impressive, even to Zanyer and Bell.
With the introductions finished, Malete told Zanyer and Bell to leave the room.  They were dismissed like college interns on their first day of work.  Standing outside the World Auto War Room, Zanyer appeared ready to vomit.  “What the hell, Mike?  What are we...  What are you going to do about this?”
Mike looked at him silently for a moment, almost feeling sorry for his boss, normally the tyrant.  “Beats me.  It would take a miracle, now, to get them out of here.  Unless a fully intact Mechanical room magically falls from the sky, my guess is we are screwed.”
Zanyer looked at him, defeated.  “Your guys have to find a solution.  Fast.”
“You aren’t listening.  We are finished.  I’m going to my office.  I need to update my resume and call some business acquaintances.  I can’t be out of work, at least not for too long.  No time to waste.”  Continuing, he said, “Phillip, I suggest you do the same thing.”
Zanyer’s back stiffened.  “Bell!  Shut up with your quitter attitude.  I’m going to lunch.  Leave me alone.”  He walked away and headed outside through the main lobby doors.
Mike pulled out his mobile phone and punched the speed dial button for Bill Shefford.
Bill answered, “Hi, Mike.  Any positive news?”
“Sorry.  World Auto has set up camp in the executive conference room.  They have officially given us notice of the operations takeover.  We are no longer in charge, physically or legally.”
Bill was sitting in his office, staring across the room at The Board.  Plant 1 was now yellow.  Plant 114 was solid red.  Of course, Plant 37 was solid red.  Its message now reading, “World Auto Controlled.”  He said, “Any ideas?”
“Nope.  I told Zanyer to update his resume, and that I was doing the same.  What else can we do?”
Silence on Bill’s end, Mike kept talking.  “Any word from Remons?”
“No.  He must be having phone troubles.  They are out on The Owner.  Satellite must be down.  I’m sure Remons is pissed about that.  Plant 37’s takeover will send him into space.”
Bill needed to get off the phone.  “I’ve gotta go.  Keep me posted.”
“No problem.  I’ll call you if something changes.”
Bill swiveled his chair and looked out one of the large windows.  He picked up his mobile phone and tried Remons mobile.  Voicemail, again.

Chapter 33
It was 9:49 AM, on the day after the first day of summer.
Albert was in the aft section of Teleport, verifying his supplies in the small garage.  He had designed the area efficiently.  It was crowded when the dingy, or tender, was inside.  The small boat was eleven feet in length.  It was a hybrid boat, featuring solid flooring with inflatable side decks.  In the industry, it was referred to as a Rigid Inflatable Boat, or RIB, for short.
It was hot.  The ventilation fans were moving some fresh air through the confined space.  But, it wasn’t sufficient to cool the small garage.  The wall mounted thermometer, attached to the starboard side, near the companionway stairs, read eighty-four degrees.  Albert grabbed his smartphone.  It was lying on the stairs.  He set a reminder for next week.  It read, “Modify aft garage ventilation.  Larger fan motors needed.”
Albert climbed the companionway stairs, switching off the lights in the garage along the way.  He stepped in the bridge area and sat down in the captain’s chair.  There was a bottle of water in one of the nearby cubbyholes.  He pulled out the bottle and drank the remaining contents.  It was a leftover drink from the previous morning’s arrival in San Francisco.  It tasted stale.
He slid open the port side bridge door.  Then, he slid open the starboard side bridge door.  A fresh breeze blew through, the smells of salty air, car exhausts, diesel fuel, and greasy food all blending together.  It was the smell of civilization on the waterfront.
Albert looked up and retrieved the departure checklist, a laminated plastic card stored in a clear, plastic sleeve glued to the bridge ceiling.  He proceeded to work his way down the list.
First up was a check of the electrical systems: batteries and charging systems.  Four separate battery circuits were aboard the ship.  Two circuits were available for starting the twin 150 horsepower Perkins turbo diesels, as well as powering the heavy-duty electric motors for sail controls.  These battery banks were labeled Starting 1 and Starting 2.  Each circuit consisting of two Trojan Transpower AGM31 Starting batteries wired in parallel.
The two remaining circuits, labeled House 1 and House 2, powered all of the electronics, lighting, water system pumps, and bilge pumps.  These circuits were also redundant, only House 1 or House 2 necessary to be in operation at any single time.  Each circuit consisted of three Trojan Overdrive AGM31 Deep Cycle Endurance batteries wired in parallel to increase overall capacity.  With six batteries in total, Albert was assured of a continuous stream of uninterrupted power through Teleport’s wiring systems.
The charging portion of the circuits included solar arrays, molded into the rooftop of the bridge.  A second series was molded along the aft section of the vessel, along the sloped surface of the aft garage door.
Battery refueling could also be accomplished through other means, including alternators on each of the Perkins diesels, through shore power umbilical cables, and a small generator mounted in the engine room.
He switched the starting circuit to Starting 1 and the main power circuit to House 1.  On the portside 19” monitor, Albert pressed a couple of option buttons, and the electrical systems check screen displayed.  The 19” monitor verified all systems were green.
Albert started the port engine, and followed with the starboard engine.  The Perkins Brothers roared to life, standing like a pair of stallions awaiting the corral gate to open.  He scanned the power system monitors, clicking through different screens on the lower right side display monitor.
There were three fuel tanks within Teleport’s hull.  Two tanks were located just forward of the engines.  These tanks each held four hundred gallons of diesel fuel.  The third tank was further aft of the engines.  It held forty gallons of gasoline for the dinghy.  Diesel Tank 1 was showing 195 gallons.  Diesel Tank 2 indicated 225 gallons.
Lastly, Albert checked the onboard water supply and sewage management systems.  There were three fresh water tanks, distributed for balance around Teleport.  The three tanks held a total of 500 gallons of fresh water.  Today, there was 340 gallons of freshwater available.  The large tank, under the salon and galley sole, showed 85% full.  The next tank, in the forepeak area, indicated 45% full.  The starboard offset tank was at 95% full.  Albert checked the water system pressure readouts on the display.  All systems were green.
He checked the sewage management system.  The waste tanks, two of them for redundancy, also known as black water storage, were both empty.  Albert had processed the waste, macerated it, and discharged it legally while offshore early the previous morning.  The vacuum pressure system on the head was showing green.
He was ready to shove off.  Albert stepped out of the bridge and onto the starboard deck.  He walked up to the bow, lifted the docking line off its cleat, and tossed it on the dock.  He heard a commotion across the marina.  Looking up, Albert saw James running toward him.  James was scared.  A few hundred feet behind him, two of Remons’ goons were chasing after him.
“Damn it, James,” Albert said aloud, but no one was around to hear him, except Teleport.
James was screaming, “Captain!  Help!  They are going to kill me!”
Albert had to adjust the plan.  Again!  He ran to the aft section of Teleport and grabbed the remaining dock line.  “Hurry up, James!  Get on here.  Now!”
James kept running.  The goons were gaining on him.  When he reached Teleport, Albert tossed the dock line and grasped James’ left arm as he was climbing aboard.
“Get below, now!”  He yelled at James and shoved him through the starboard bridge door.
Albert mentally patted himself on the back for Dock 14 selection on the previous day.  Teleport was tied to the end of the pier.  Her nose was pointed at the breakwater.  They had a straight shot at the marina exit.
Albert followed behind him, closing the door.  He reached over and closed the port side door, too.  He pushed both the throttles forward, raising the engine RPMs to 2,000.  Teleport shot off like a small sports car, belying its outward appearance as a sailing vessel.  The goons were left standing empty handed on Dock 14 - James unavailable to satisfy their need for beating up someone.
Albert looked back.  The two goons were tenacious.  They were climbing onto the WaveRunner – his WaveRunner.  He noticed the smoke as one of them started the engine.  The watercraft was moving fast toward Teleport.
James climbed the forward companionway stairs.  “Did we lose them?”
“Not yet.  But in a few minutes.”
James looked back at the goons.  The WaveRunner was closing in on them.  “Captain?  Can’t you go any faster?  They will catch us!”
Albert was smiling.  It was a very wide, mischievous smile.  “Yes.  We can go faster.  It’s not necessary.  They are out of gas.  Any moment, the Yamaha will slow down and stop.  Don’t worry.”
James was looking out the rear window with wide eyes.  “Are you sure, Captain?”
Albert said nothing.
Then suddenly, James was laughing.  “You’re right, Captain!  They’re stuck in the bay.  Out of gas!  Woo-hoo!”
 Albert eased the throttles, slowing Teleport to seven knots per hour.  He depressed the Main-Unfurl button on the console, holding the button in place, while the mainsail was drawn from its hidden position in the mast.
James was speechless.
Albert then depressed the Headsail-Unfurl button.  The large 150% Genoa began rolling out, but at a much faster pace than the mainsail.
They had already passed the Golden Gate Bridge and now were in the open Pacific Ocean.  Albert pressed the stop engine buttons, and the Perkins Brothers went back to sleep.  The air went silent all around them.  He steered the ship on a southerly heading.  The winds were blowing on shore, toward the Golden Gate Bridge and from the north.  Albert eased the sails and set up for a beam to broad reach.  Teleport was quickly at full speed, sailing at nearly ten knots per hour.
He turned to James, a man finally without much to say.  “Why were those guys chasing you?”
“Captain, I don’t really know, for sure.  I guess it’s ‘cause of the dude I killed last night.  He mighta worked for Remons.”
Albert knew it.  “Why didn’t you tell me that this morning?”
“Gee, Captain.  I don’t know.  What difference does it make?  The dude is dead.  Dead is dead.”
“You knew that Remons’ guys wouldn’t just stand by and do nothing.  Now, I have you out here on my ship.  And I don’t know what to do with you.”
“I won’t be any trouble, Captain.  You can just dump me at your next port.  Where are you heading now?”
“I’m not heading anywhere.  I was just headed out for an afternoon sail.  Maybe some fishing.  That’s all.  Me and Teleport were, at least that was the original plan, returning to Pier Marina later this evening.”
James slumped down and sat on the floor, saying, “Sorry to mess things up for you, Captain.”
“Just give me a few minutes.  I need to think.”
Albert set the autopilot on Teleport.  Now the twin rudder system was fully under the control of the onboard electronics.  He stepped around James and went down the forward companionway stairs.  In the salon, he sat down in his favorite chair.
A few minutes passed.  Albert had processed all the options around in his head.  There was just not an easy solution.  More appropriately stated, there was not a solution that involved maintaining James’ innocence.
He decided James would become part of the bigger plan.

Chapter 34
Captain Caltoan had left the bridge and was walking toward Remons’ suite.  Things were improving for him, along with the other people still aboard The Owner.
“Mr. Remons,” he said, knocking loudly on the outer doors to Remons’ suite.
“What!”  Remons opened the door.  Thankfully, he was wearing a robe.  “What do you want, Caltoan?”
“Sir.  We have power.  We can start the engines.”
Remons’ mood shifted immediately.  “Fantastic, Caltoan!  I’m glad you got this handled before needing a swim.  I really like having you in command of this vessel.”
“Sir, I need some direction.  Where do you want to go?”
“First things, first.  Get the executive staff together.  They must get started immediately.  Last night’s money loss is already staggering.  I want them moving the funds now.”
Now, Caltoan’s mood was the one changing.  “Sir, the computers, and the satellite communications…  Everything is…  Well, the electronics are not working.  We don’t know how bad the damage is.  The computer technician hasn’t figured out a fix.  That is, yet.  He will find one.”
“Damn it!  So, we are just out here on vacation in the Pacific?  We can’t do any business?”
“Not at this time, sir.”
Remons glared at him, as if intimidation would magically present a solution to the problem.  He finally said, “Fine.  Take The Owner back to San Francisco.  Fast.  How far out are we?  What’s our ETA?”
“The navigation electronics are still malfunctioning.  Based on our latest manual calculations, we are about 120 miles from Santa Barbara and 180 miles from San Francisco.”  Caltoan continued, “We will be moving against the current and prevailing winds.  At a speed of twenty-five knots, I anticipate arrival in San Francisco late this afternoon.  Probably around 5:00 pm.”
Remons waved his hand dismissively at Caltoan.  “Fine!  Get The Owner moving.  I want to go home.”
Remons motioned for one of his attendants.  “Get the helicopter pilot.  I want to talk to him.”
The attendant scurried away.  Remons returned to his bedroom.
Elizabeth was in the bed, but she wasn’t asleep.  “Mr. Remons, was that good news?”
“Yes.  The ship has power.  We are heading back to San Francisco.”
Remons picked up his phone.  The screen was still garbled.  It was useless.  He looked at Elizabeth, “I think we are done.  For this trip, I mean.  That’s not a guarantee.  Get dressed and go to your cabin.”
Elizabeth climbed out of the bed and headed toward the bathroom.  She was planning to shower, before going to her tiny cabin.  The shower in the suite was huge.
“Elizabeth?”  Remons stopped her.  “Use your own shower.  I want to be alone.”
Elizabeth put on her robe and walked into the living area of the suite.  As she opened the suite doors, Max was attempting to knock.  He stepped forward involuntarily as the door opened, placing him into Elizabeth’s personal space.
“Hey, Max,” Elizabeth stepped back.
Max blushed a little.  He straightened up and then looked at the floor.  Elizabeth was wearing a robe, but it hung loosely on her shoulders, leaving little need for the imagination.
“Hi.  Mr. Remons asked to see me.  Is he in here?”
“Yeah, sure.  Just go in and sit in the living room.”  Elizabeth secured the robe to hide her body more discreetly, pushed past Max, and walked down the corridor.  She opened her cabin door and walked inside.  There were no windows, and the room was pitch black.  She left the lights turned off and fell face first into the bed.
Max sat down in Remons’ living area and waited.
Ten minutes passed.  Remons finally strolled out of the bedroom.  Fortunately, Remons was in a robe and it was tied closed.  He didn’t need the image of Elizabeth’s half naked body ruined by the sight of Remons’.
“Is the helicopter ready to fly?”
“Mr. Remons, yes, it is flyable.  However—”
“Spit it out, Mark.”
“Sir.”  He hesitated.  “My name is Max.”
Remons boomed, “SO WHAT!”
“Sir, the helicopter will fly.  However, we lost the navigation system, as well as the electronics supporting stable flight.”
Remons looked at him quietly.
Max continued, “I will have to fly it under full manual control.  We will have to fly by visual navigation only.  It means that it will be a bumpy, rough ride.  We can’t lift off until land is spotted, and we know what land we are looking at.  Also, please remember, we only have about seventy miles of fuel.”
Remons picked up a glass dish and threw it violently across the living area of the suite.  The dish shattered in pieces against a far wall.  “Just be ready!  When I say we are flying, then we are flying!  Is that clear?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Get out of my suite.  Now!”
Max stood up quickly and walked out of Remons’ suite.  He walked down the corridor, past Elizabeth’s room and to his own cabin.  Gathering all of his belongings, Max walked through the galley, picking up a couple of sandwiches, ham and cheese on rye, along with a carbonated drink.  He climbed the forward staircase and walked along the deck to the aft section of the ship.
He opened the pilot side door of the Sikorsky.  He tossed his overnight bag across the cockpit and into the far seat; a seat typically left unoccupied at Remons Global.  Then, he climbed into his seat.
Max ate the first sandwich immediately.  He looked at the second sandwich, debating whether to eat or save it for later.  There was no knowing how long his wait would last.  He decided to save the sandwich, instead opening the drink bottle and chugging half of it hastily.
Now, he sat there.  He sat there waiting.  He sat there waiting for his master to arrive.  He sat there with a leash around his neck.  The leash was the Sikorsky.

Chapter 35
Bill Shefford called the Oakland Airport Executive Hangar.  He told the manager to get Remons Global Air Two ready for departure.  Then he called the flight crews for Air One and Air Two.  He told Air Two to go to the airport immediately.  He told Air One they were on standby, awaiting a command from Remons.
Bill arrived at the Oakland airport in less than fifteen minutes.  He walked into the hangar office.  Air Two’s flight crew was not there yet.  The plane, a Cessna Citation X, was one of two in the Remons Global fleet.  Bill’s plane, or Air Two as it was called, had a seat configuration for working.  The aircraft carried seven people comfortably; nine in a pinch.  Remons’ plane, or Air One, was configured for Remons.  It had seating for four comfortably.  There was no ‘in a pinch’ for Air One.  It was mainly a plane for Remons and no one else.
The Citation X was one of the fastest corporate jets in production, flying at nearly the speed of sound, and as high as 51,000 feet.  The flight from Oakland to Michigan would take less than four hours.
Bill squatted down in front of the small glass door refrigerator.  He opened the door and removed a bottle of orange juice.  He spotted the pastries after a quick survey of the counter.  He picked a cherry filled doughnut, and then wandered aimlessly around the office consuming the snacks.
The flight crew, two pilots and a cabin attendant, entered the hangar office.  The captain shook Bill’s hand.  “Good to see you.  Trouble in Michigan, huh?”
“Hi, Daryl.  Yes, it’s a disaster.  Where are we landing?”
“Troy Executive.  The plane is already fueled.  Ready to go?”
Bill said, “Yes.  We need top speed today.  Get us there as soon as possible.”
Daryl said, “Yes, sir.  Flight plan is filed and we are ready.  Stats right now estimate three hours and eighteen minutes transit time.”
The flight crew boarded the aircraft, began working their checklists, and updated their flight plan.  Bill stood outside the plane for a couple of minutes, letting the air conditioning retake control of the cabin’s stale air.  While he was waiting, he decided to call Zanyer.
Zanyer answered on the second ring.  “Hi, Bill.  Still nothing good to report.  That dumbass Mike Bell is accomplishing nothing.”
Bill’s voice leapt through the phone.  “Zanyer!  You are the plant manager.  Not Mike.  What the fuck are you doing about World Auto?”
Phillip Zanyer’s tone shifted immediately.  “I’m sorry, Mr. Shefford.  I’ll get on it, right now, sir.  I understand.”
Bill responded, “I’m on my way to Michigan, now.  You are to personally pick me up at the airport.  Alone.”
“Yes, sir.  What time, sir?”
“Track the plane.  We are leaving Oakland as I speak.  It should be a little more than three hours from now.”
“Yes, sir.”
Bill Shefford hung up the phone, without the pleasantries of saying goodbye.
Zanyer had been sitting at his desk playing a computer game.  Until Bill Shefford’s call, he really believed it was possible to hang the Plant 37 disaster on Bell.  Now, he felt differently.  Zanyer left his office and walked out into the semi-dark plant.  The roof skylights were providing the only lighting.  He located Bell near a large stamping press.  It was the press.  Until yesterday, it produced the Destroyer roof panel.  Mike was talking with four World Auto team members.  Zanyer walked up and joined the conversation.
Zanyer said, “Bell?  Where are we at?”
Mike, along with all four of the World Auto team, turned to face Zanyer.  Mike said nothing.
Doug Malete said, “Zanyer!  This is not your ball field.  You can stand there, listening quietly, or you can go away.”
Zanyer began speaking, and then quickly decided it was not a good idea.
Mike had been interrupted.  He started talking again.  “As I was saying - the press was custom fabricated to match the unique dimensions of the tooling necessary to produce the Destroyer’s roofline.  The machine builder took eight months to build the press.  That was after it had taken six months to design it.”
A member of World Auto team asked, “Mike, are you saying we have to move this press, unless magically the Mechanical room rebuilds itself overnight?”
Mike responded, “Yes, the press and the tooling, will have to be moved to a suitable location with available utilities.  There in lies the problem.  The press was constructed inside of Plant 37.  It’s too big to lift and move intact.”
Mike pointed down through the floor grating.  “Look down there.  The foundation is twenty feet down.  It rises forty feet above the grating.  Look up.  The building roofline had to be modified for the press.  It’s twenty feet taller than the conventional roof.  This is a monster and it must be disassembled completely, just to get it out of the building.  It’s really not practical.”
The World Auto team looked increasingly dismayed.
Another World Auto member asked, “How long will it take?  To dismantle the press and put it on a trailer?”
Mike shook his head, saying, “Now, you understand.  At least five days.  That’s with around the clock crews doing it.  It took three weeks to assemble the press, originally.  That was after the roof was modified to accommodate the installation.”
The four World Auto team members were all looking at each other, shrugging their shoulders, and shaking their heads.
Malete spoke for the group, verbalizing what they all now understood.  “So, to be clear.  The Destroyer is out of production for at least several weeks, unless a miracle occurs.  Is that correct?”
Mike nodded his head, “Yes, Plant 37 has killed the Destroyer, for now.”
Malete reached out and shook Mike’s hand.  He said, “Welcome to World Auto, Mike.  Your new employer.  Remons Global will be dead soon.”

Chapter 36
It was 11:44 AM, on the day after the first day of summer.
The adrenaline charged atmosphere aboard Teleport, as a result of the goons failed pursuit, was beginning to wane.  Albert and James were sitting outside on the cabin top deck, above the salon and near the starboard bridge door.  Teleport was on autopilot and sailing along quietly.  The weather was nice, as was most always the case along the California coast.  The temperatures were now in the mid seventies, and there hardly was a cloud in the sky.
“Captain?  You are really lucky, being able to sail around on this nice ship.”
“Yes.  I am very grateful.  But, I worked hard and saved my money.  That’s how I built Teleport.”
“You’re from Michigan?”
Albert stared at James suspiciously, saying, “Yes, but I didn’t tell you that.”
James laughed a little.  “Awh, the cops at the station.  I overheard them talking about you last night.  While they were researching the serial number on your gun.”
Albert lightened up.  “Of course.  It’s lunchtime.  You hungry?”
James was on his feet.  Albert guessed that his answer was “yes.”
They walked toward the aft.  James stepped down in the bridge, through the starboard door.  Albert followed behind him and closed the door.  Then, he followed James down the forward companionway stairs and walked over to the galley.
“What are you hungry for?  I keep a well-stocked galley.  Well, for a ship anyway.  This isn’t McDonalds.”
James laughed, as if Albert had the wittiest humor on the planet.  Albert could not help feeling sorry for the kid.  “I’ll have what you are having, Captain.”
“Burgers and chips alright with you?”
“No doubt, Captain.  Never turn down a burger.  That’s my motto.”
“Grab a seat in the salon and relax.  I’ll have everything ready in twenty minutes.  How about a beer?”
“Awesome.”
Albert opened the large-for-a-sailboat refrigerator.  “We have light and dark.  Which one?”
“Light, please.”  He took the beer from Albert’s hand.  “Thanks.”
James dropped on the long, built in sofa.  “Yeah, Captain.  This is the life.  Just sailing around, eating, drinking and all.”
Albert wasn’t fully attentive to James’ comments.  He had heated the pan and was placing four small frozen burger patties in it.  They smoked immediately and he reached to turn on the exhaust fan.
His smartphone vibrated gently in his pocket.  Albert lifted it out and read the message.  “Radar – objects detected.  Non threatening.”  He put the phone back in his pocket.
James looked at him, puzzled.  “Your phone works out here, Captain?”
“No, James.  It was a reminder.  The kind telling you something, so you won’t forget it.”
“Sure, Captain.”
Albert shut off the heat to the pan.  He set up two plates, with two sets of buns on each.  Then he placed the hamburger patties on the buns.  Finally, out came a large bag of chips.  Then he put the other condiments from the refrigerator out on the table.
“Let’s eat, James.  We have some work to do, soon.”
The duo wiped out each of their respective pairs of hamburgers.  The bag of chips, almost full before lunch, was emptied.  Two beers each had been necessary to wash down the food.
During the meal, Albert kept thinking.  There was just no way to avoid James learning at least some of Albert’s intentions.  He resigned himself to the fact.  As they finished the meal, Albert decided it was time to explain a few things to James.
“Listen, I need to tell you something.”
“No problem Captain.”
“Remons’ goons jumping me yesterday…  It really pissed me off.  When I went on The Owner, I told Remons to leave me alone.  He said he would.  But he lied.”
“What happened, Captain?”
“I was jumped again last night, following the ball game.  While you were walking Veronica home, Remons’ goons put me in a boat and took me out to The Owner.”
James’ eyes were like half dollar coins.  “What are you talking about, Captain?  You were on The Owner?  Last night?”
“Yes.  Then Remons left me drifting in the ocean on a WaveRunner without enough gas.  I’m lucky to be here now.”
“What the hell was that about?  They threw you off the ship?  In the dark?”
“Yes.  So, anyway, I’m guessing The Owner will come back in today, and I have a few things to settle with Remons.”
James looked at him, shaking his head.  “The Owner doesn’t come back to the Bay Area for a few days, usually, you know.  That’s the pattern.  I know.  I watch from the gas dock.”
Albert deviated the conversation a little.  “That’s why we are out here.  I’m looking for The Owner.  Let’s clean this mess up and go up on the bridge.”
After cleaning up from lunch, the pair climbed the forward companionway stairs and stepped in the sunny bridge.  Albert opened a couple of fresh air vents.  The air cooled rapidly to a pleasant temperature.
He changed the 19” port side display to Radar.  The radar dome was positioned high atop the mast on Teleport.  This provided Albert with a functional warning range of at least eleven miles.  Depending on the size of the object, mostly its height above the waterline, the radar possibly may be able to detect objects at fifteen or even twenty miles away from Teleport.
The radar presently showed four objects, all at varying angles and distances.  Nothing was a threat to Teleport.  In other words, the radar, or collision avoidance system, was not signaling any need for course or speed changes.
None of the four echoes were The Owner.  Albert knew so, as there was a special transmitter, or transponder, on board The Owner.  If it were within radar range, the transponder would flag the echo a different color on Teleport’s radar. 
Albert had previously learned the unique transponder identifier code.  The transponder manufacturer was located in Michigan.  Albert had a friend that worked there, and the friend gave him the code.  Albert had then programmed his computer to discern The Owner from other ships in the area.
Teleport, with Albert and James aboard, had been sailing a southerly heading since passing under the Golden Gate Bridge.  They were eighteen miles south of the monumental bay entrance.  Albert turned off the autopilot and rolled the wheel to starboard.  Teleport obliged his command and began sailing an easterly heading.  Albert then trimmed the main and genoa.  They were now sailing close hauled.
They were moving too fast.  Albert was concerned they would be out of range too quickly and miss seeing The Owner on the radar.  He changed the plan, making a decision to heave-to.  Heaving-to is a relatively simple way to park a sailboat in open water.
Albert left the port side genoa sheet tensioned.  Then he turned the wheel further to starboard.  Teleport’s bow passed through the eye of the wind and fell off, pointing back toward the California coastline.  At the same time, the mainsail boom moved from the port side to the starboard side of the ship.  Albert rolled the wheel to port, positioning the rudders at a steep angle to the hull.  He engaged the wheel lock, preventing the rudders from any further movement.
Teleport no longer appeared to be moving.  She now scalloped upwind slightly, attempting to follow the headsail and rudder commands.  Once pinched too tightly into the wind, she fell off and slipped downwind.  The currents were moving them slowly southward.  Teleport was pushing itself slowly north and slightly east.
Albert’s plan was to spend the next few hours waiting.  They would wait for a new radar echo.  A radar echo that changed color.  Waiting for the screen to flash a red icon, indicating The Owner was within range.
Albert suggested they sit outside.  He opened the port side bridge door and stepped up on the deck.  James followed.  They both sat on the salon cabin roof.  Neither one talked.  Soon, James was lying down, asleep.  Albert knew the kid had a rough night in jail.  He let him sleep.
Albert was getting sleepy, too.  He checked that the smartphone alarm was set correctly.  Satisfied, he laid down on the deck in the warm California sun.  A few minutes of sleep would be a nice break.
Albert woke up suddenly.  Drool was running down his face.  He glanced at the time on his phone.  Almost ninety minutes had passed.  James was still asleep.  He sat up, shaking away the cobwebs in his head.  He reached over and pushed James on the shoulder.
“Wake up James.  We are getting sunburned.”
James sat up.  “Where are we?  Spot The Owner anywhere?”
 “No, not yet.  We are still playing the waiting game.  I’ll get out the fishing poles.  Let’s see who gets bragging rights for catching our dinner.”
“No doubt, Captain.  Ask anyone.  I’m always pulling something nice out the waters around the gas dock.  Out here?  I’m your man.”
They stood up, walked to the port side bridge door, and stepped down into the bridge.  Albert asked James to stay there.  He climbed down the aft companionway stairs, switching on the lights in the small aft garage.  The fishing poles were clamped along the bulkhead wall separating the garage from the bridge and engine room.
He removed two fishing rods from the rubber fingers holding them in place.  Nearby, there was a small rolled bag of lures and other fishing tackle.  He grabbed it, too.  Then, he guided the equipment back through the companionway and onto the bridge.
Stepping onto the bridge, Albert saw James standing by the port side door.  He was staring directly at Albert.  Albert glanced at the starboard bridge door, the closest weapon to his own position.  The holster was empty.
James was smiling, saying nothing, and holding the Ruger SR1911 in his hand.

Chapter 37
Air Two touched down gently on Runway 9 at the Troy Executive Airport.  Three hours and seven minutes had passed since their departure from Oakland, California.
Bill Shefford knew Zanyer was waiting.  He had received a text message thirty minutes earlier from him.  Private aircraft are not bound by commercial aircraft restrictions on the use of phones and other electronic instruments.  Bill had been texting almost continuously during the cross-country trip.
Bill tried reaching Remons.  His call went to voicemail, again.
As the plane rolled up to its parking place, the cabin attendant opened the door.  The stairs were folded out automatically.  Bill stepped on solid ground, even before the plane stopped rolling.  He turned back to the attendant.
“Get everything fueled.  Ready a flight plan back to California.  I am not intending to stay here too long.”
Bill was walking across the tarmac.  Zanyer pushed through the terminal’s double doors.  He was taking long strides heading out to meet Bill.
“Mr. Shefford.  So good of you to come for a visit.”
“Cut it out, Zanyer.  Tell me where things are at.”
“Yes, sir.”
They were almost in a run to Zanyer’s car.  Zanyer struggled to talk and walk.  He was overweight, and the fast pace was difficult.  “Sir…  Let me explain in the car.  I need to sit down.”
Bill was smiling inside.  He thought to himself, “What a pompous, out of shape ass.  Gyms against your religion, Zanyer?”
They reached Zanyer’s car.  It was a car that matched his personality.  It was yellow.  Corvette Yellow, specifically.  It was a top of the line Chevrolet Corvette ZR1.  Zanyer opened the driver’s door, lifted his right leg, placed it in the car, sat down, and wriggled the rest of his body into the seat.
Bill was dismayed.  He opened his own door and went through a similar exercise to get in the cramped quarters of the sports car.  He looked at Zanyer.  “Why the hell did you buy this?  You really enjoy insulting all of the plant workers, don’t you?”
Zanyer looked at him with a blank face.  “My money.  My car.  They can fuck themselves, if they don’t like it.”
“Well, the guys standing in the unemployment line with you will have the last laugh.  You are a pompous ass.”
“Mr. Shefford, sir, I…”
“Shut up.  Tell me what’s happening with World Auto.”
“Well, sir,” said Zanyer.  He fired up the powerful car and headed away from the airport.  He was driving too fast and aggressive.  “The World Auto guys served me a few hours ago.  They have legal control of Plant 37.  Mike Bell hasn’t found a way out of this mess yet.”
“Mike Bell?  I told you, Phillip.  This is your mess.  Bell may end up on the unemployment line, but you will have already been there, ready to greet him and show him around.”
“Yes, sir.  Anyway, we do not have a solution.  Neither of us does.  World Auto doesn’t have one, either.  World Auto, they’re after blood.  Malete says that—”
“Malete?  He’s running this?”
“Yeah, you know him?”
“Yes, we are screwed.  They aren’t stopping at Plant 37.  World Auto will take the entire company.  Remons Global has reached its end, unless we do something quick.”
“Well.  That’s what Malete told me already.  I thought he was just posturing.”
“Just hurry up and get me there.  Hopefully, I can reason with Malete.”
A couple of minutes later, the glowing yellow Corvette pulled up to Plant 37, parking in the space reserved for Zanyer.  Bill Shefford and Phillip Zanyer climbed out of their respective seats.  They walked into the lobby and directly to the World Auto War Room.
Bill turned to Phillip, saying, “Just play along.  It will be a rough ride for a few minutes.  But it won’t last too long and then everything will be under control.”
“Sure,” Zanyer was smiling.  “I know how to work the room to our advantage.  You can count on me.”
“Good.  I’m glad to hear that, Phillip.”  With that comment, Bill pushed open both doors violently.  He grabbed Zanyer by the neck and shoved him into the heart of the lion’s den.  Bill was yelling.  He said, “I told you, Zanyer.  I am fucking tired of your apparent inability to do anything correctly!”
“Mr. Malete,” Bill said, as he stepped over Zanyer, now lying on the floor.  “I am so sorry that we are in this situation.  As soon as I learned about the severity of the problem, I immediately jumped on a plane from California.”  He continued, “I understand this problem is now more than twelve hours old.  Zanyer failed to contact me properly when it happened.  This is standard protocol in our company.  He failed to follow instructions and will be reprimanded accordingly.”
Malete was smiling.  He was smiling like a wild animal; if wild animals were able to smile.  He was like an animal that smelled blood dripping from the nose of a prey; a prey he had been toying with all day long.
“Thank you, Bill.  I appreciate you taking this situation seriously.  Once all of the Remons Global assets have been transferred to World Auto, I’m sure there will be a place for you at our table.”  Pointing at Zanyer, Malete continued, “Zanyer is useless.  He’s been stalling and tripping us up all day long.”
Bill looked at Zanyer sternly.  “Phillip, is this true?”
Zanyer didn’t know what to say.  At first, he thought this was planned posturing by Bill, designed to protect Bill and himself.  Now, he really didn’t know.
“Zanyer,” Bill said more sternly.  “Is this true?”
“Yes, sir.  Mr. Shefford, sir.  He’s right.”
Bill walked over to Phillip Zanyer.  Now, Zanyer was sitting in one of the chairs.  He looked like the losing player in a wrestling competition.  “Zanyer, you are fired!  Give me your keys.”
“What?  Bill?  You can’t do this.  Can you?”
“Give me your keys!”
Zanyer handed Bill Shefford the keys to Plant 37.
“Go.  Get out.  Now.”
“Really?  How could I have prevented this problem?  Sir?”
Malete motioned for two of his men to escort Zanyer out of the building.  Zanyer and the two escorts left the room.
“Like I said, Bill,” Malete was licking his lips, as if having just finished a sixteen-ounce steak.  “You have a good chance to be part of the winning team.”
Malete looked at the group of people in the room.  Then, to everyone, he said, “Let’s get back to work.  Everyone, this is Bill Shefford.  He’s currently Remons’ right hand man and runs all of the operations globally.”
Looking at Bill, he said, “Bill, please have a seat.  You are part of solving the problem.  Let’s put our heads together and figure out a solution.”

Chapter 38
The Big Sur coastline scrolled along the starboard side of The Owner.  Captain Caltoan looked quietly out the bridge windows, admiring the majestic beauty of the rugged coast.  They were soon to pass Carmel and the Monterrey peninsula.  The captain was no longer worried about the navigation system failures.  A blind man with a stick could almost get them home.
  Remons climbed his private staircase, stepping onto the upper deck.  He had seen Carmel from the windows in his suite.  He didn’t need Caltoan to tell him where they were.  He walked briskly to the helicopter and stood by the rear cabin door.  He stood there a long time, for Karl Remons, anyway.  It was at least two seconds.  Max did not get out of his seat.  Max had not opened the door for Remons.
Remons stepped forward to the cockpit and pounded on the door.  “Wake up!”
Max’s head was leaning forward, his chin resting on his chest.  Startled, he snapped his head backward, slamming it into the headrest of his seat.  He opened the side door and jumped out of the cockpit.  “I’m sorry, Mr. Remons.”
“Shut up.  Open my door.”
Max opened Remons’ door and stood attentively.  Remons climbed in the plush cabin.
“Sir, if I may speak for just a moment.  It’s important.”
“What?”
“I am an exceptional pilot.  I am a highly rated pilot for this particular Sikorsky, having logged more non-incident hours than most pilots around the country.”
“Mark!  Stop bragging.  I don’t care.  What?  You want a raise?  Earn it.  Fly me off The Owner.”
Max shook his head.  “Sir, I wouldn’t dare ask for a raise.  It’s your safety, sir.”
Max had his attention.  He continued, “It’s not safe.  The avionics are not stable.  I recommend staying on The Owner.  After we get back to port, I will have the Sikorsky maintenance people check everything out and make the necessary repairs.”
“I WANT TO LEAVE, NOW!”
“Sir, we… you could die if we crash.”
Remons now got it.  Faced with his own potential mortality, he yielded to the suggestion from Max.  “Fine, have it your way.  You are a chickenshit.”  Remons climbed back out of the cabin, storming across the deck toward the bow of the ship.
Max finally relaxed.  He could get back to his nap, not having to worry any longer about flying Remons off The Owner.
Remons walked directly to his personal sitting area near the bow.  He sat down and snapped his fingers at one of the attendants.  As the attendant approached, Remons yelled, “Get Caltoan up here.”
The attendant scurried away.
Remons pointed at another attendant.  “You,” his finger still pointing at him, “get Elizabeth up here.  In a bikini.  Now.”
The second attendant ran to the forward stairs and disappeared below decks.
A third attendant was now stepping closer, as his friends had left him alone with Remons.  “Get me a bourbon,” Remons said, quietly.  He seemed tired from yelling at Max and the two attendants, with no energy remaining to humiliate the remaining servant.
The third attendant walked quietly to the bar, placed a few ice cubes in a glass, and poured a generous serving of Remons’ favorite bourbon, Evan Williams 23.  Twenty-three years of aging meant each bottle of the Kentucky distilled drink set Remons back more than three hundred dollars.  His bourbon habit alone was at least four thousand dollars each month.
Caltoan approached Remons at the same time as the attendant arrived with the bourbon.  Remons took the glass and shooed away the attendant.  “Sit down, Captain.”
He didn’t offer Caltoan a drink.  The captain had to put The Owner delicately in its berth.  Remons didn’t want any scratches induced by a drunken Caltoan.
Captain Caltoan sat down.  He didn’t say anything.  Technically, he was the highest authority on The Owner, while they were at sea.  Caltoan wasn’t stupid, however.  Remons was always the captain.  Caltoan was just another attendant.  He was an attendant capable of safely sailing The Owner.  Nevertheless, he was an attendant, nothing more.
Remons asked, “How long until we reach the dock?”
“I thought you were taking the helicopter?”
Remons waved toward the helicopter and Max, in a dismissive and agitated fashion.  “No.  That chickenshit pilot says he is worried.  Says he might crash it.  I’m not getting back in that helicopter until the Sikorsky people give it a clean bill of health.”
“Well, sir.  The Monterrey peninsula is almost due east.  We are roughly twenty miles off shore.  Triangulating, we should be, line of sight, probably thirty miles from the Golden Gate Bridge.  We should be in the dock in less than two hours.”
“Good!”  Remons was smiling, but not looking at Caltoan.  Elizabeth walked across the deck.  She was wearing a most revealing, black bikini.  Still looking at Elizabeth, Remons said to Caltoan, “Go away.”
Caltoan smiled broadly at Elizabeth and left Remons’ lounging area.  Remons pointed to one of the chaise lounge chairs.  “Hi, Elizabeth.  Please lay down over here.”
“Mr. Remons, I thought you were leaving on the helicopter?”
“No, Elizabeth.  I began thinking about you.  Just couldn’t make myself leave.  Take that bikini off.  The sun is warm.  You can lay there naked.  No sense covering up your amazing beauty.”
Elizabeth dropped the bikini pieces and laid down on the chaise lounge.

Chapter 39
It was 3:08 PM, on the day after the first day of summer.
“Captain?”  James was still holding the gun and staring at Albert.  “Why do you have so many guns?”
Albert looked sternly at him.  “James, you have to stop messing with my weapons.  That’s what has gotten you in a mess already.  Give me the gun.”
“Sorry.  I wasn’t trying to upset you.  Here.”  James handed Albert the gun.  Albert put it back in the starboard door holster.
Now, Albert felt bad.  James looked as if he were pouting.  “It’s not a big deal.  I’m sorry to have snapped at you.  Let’s fish.”
Albert slid open the starboard door and stepped up on the deck.  He carried the fishing gear around the enclosed bridge and to the small aft deck.  James followed him.
The aft section featured three small curved steps on either side, terminating in a narrow walkway, not more than fourteen inches wide.  The walkway ran parallel to the aft, connecting the small curved steps.  Along the narrow walkway, a sitting bench with weather resistant closed cell foam padding faced aft.  Other than standing on the bow, it was the most picturesque view available on Teleport.
Albert sat down and so did James.  Albert handed him a fishing pole.  “Maybe we will get lucky.  I’ve always wanted to hook in a tuna.”
James laughed at him.  “Yeah, Captain.  Tuna would be a nice catch.  Don’t get your hopes up, though.  Probably just catch some rockfish, if anything.”
Albert liked James.  The kid was not that smart, but he was genuine.  He was honest.  James and Albert tied on metallic spinner lures, cast their lines aft, and let the spinners sink.  After a good pause, they each began jerking the rods erratically, followed by another pause.  Another erratic jerking motion followed.  Then, another pause.  Slowly they reeled the lures back to Teleport, quietly anticipating a yet to happen, hopefully to be happening, lunge at the lures by an unknown underwater predator.  The lures lifted clear of the water.  No luck for either of them, at least not on the first cast.
Albert asked, “You want another beer?  Fishing makes me thirsty.”
“Sure, Captain!”
Albert placed the butt end of his fishing rod in the rod holder.  He stood up, walked along the narrow path, up the short stairs and along the starboard side of the bridge enclosure.  He stepped down into the bridge and looked at the radar.
“There you are!”  The Owner, shown as a flashing red icon, had just slid into the vision of Teleport’s electronic eyes.
Albert continued to the galley.  Down the forward companionway stairs, through the salon and to the refrigerator, he went.  This time, Albert pulled out two dark beers.  He popped off the bottle caps, wedging both of the necks between his fingers on one hand.
Back through the salon he went.  Then, he climbed up the forward companionway stairs and stared at the radar screen.  Now, Teleport had enough data.  The display indicated The Owner was directly southwest of Teleport, 13.8 miles away.  She was traveling at a speed of 25 knots on a north-northeasterly heading.  Based on Teleport’s current position and drift, The Owner would pass to the west; the closest distance separating the two vessels would be approximately two miles.  It would occur in about thirty minutes.
Albert had a lot to do.
He returned quickly to the aft seat, dropped down beside James, and handed him a beer.  Teleport’s bow was pointing to the northeast.  Albert had a wide-angle look at the horizon to the southwest.  He and James would see The Owner, very soon.
James was busy reeling in his line.  No fish, again.  He lamented, “Captain, I don’t think we will have much luck in this spot.  The water is too deep.  We are fishing too shallow.”
“Probably right, James,” Albert said, still scanning the horizon.
Then he saw her.
“It doesn’t matter much anyway.  Time to stop fishing for fish.  Our new prey just appeared.”  Albert pointed at The Owner.
James looked in the direction of his finger.  “Damn, Captain!  What do you know?  You were right.  They are going back to San Francisco?”
“Yes, James.  Lucky guess for me.  Let’s pack up the fishing gear.”
Each of them reeled the lines tight, after hooking the lures through one of the eyelets on the fishing rods.  Albert rolled up the tackle bag, grabbed both poles, and headed for the starboard bridge door.  James followed.
Albert locked the fishing rods back into their respective hangers and returned the tackle bag to its home.  Now, he climbed back up the stairs and onto the bridge.
James was standing there.  This time, he had no gun in his hand.  “What now, Captain?  I’m at your service!”  James saluted.
“Listen.  I’m pissed off at Remons and plan to scare him.”
“Sure,” James looked confused.  “What are we going to do?”
“I am going to do a couple of things.  I don’t want you involved.  It will just cause more trouble for you down the road.”
James withered a little.
“But it does not mean you can’t enjoy the show.  Besides, I can use your help.  You can read off some numbers to me.  Things will get hectic.  I don’t have enough eyes to watch it all.”
James perked up, smiling.  “No doubt, Captain.  I’m here to help.”
“Look at this screen,” Albert was pointing to the lower section of the 19” display, port side.  “Keep an eye on this number.  It’s the separation distance of Teleport and The Owner.”
“Sure.  So we are 5.1 miles apart right now, correct?”
“You got it.  When that number is below 3.0 miles, yell down the companionway at me.  Clear?”
“Count on it, Captain.”
Albert left James, climbed down the forward companionway, and walked through the salon, through the galley and to starboard side passageway leading to the front of the ship.  He went to the head, unlatched the hidden clasps on the shower stall, pivoted the shower, and pressed the two buttons to open the secret office area.
Stepping in, Albert turned on the light and looked at his smartphone.  It read “4.2 miles distance.”  He didn’t need James for the task.  But, giving James the job of calling off numbers kept him involved, and out of Albert’s hair.
Albert removed the Ruger SR556 collapsing stock semi-automatic rifle from its ceiling attached holder.  He removed the ammunition clip, confirmed that thirty 5.56 NATO rounds were inside, and then snapped the clip back in place.
He backed out of the office, gun in one hand and turned off the light with the other.  He placed the gun in the corner of the doorway leading out of the head.  Then, he closed up the secret office, pivoted the shower back in its position, and locked the hidden latches.
Looking at the smartphone, it read “3.4 miles distance.”
Albert picked up the gun, headed back along the passageway, through the galley, through the salon, up the forward companionway stairs and onto the bridge.
“Captain?  What the hell is that for?”  James was standing there, in total surprise.
“Calm down, James.  It’s our protection.  Remons is a bad dude, agree?”
“Yeah, sure Captain.  But I’ve already done enough killing today.”
“No worries.  I’m not asking you to do anything.”
James was looking at the display.  Excitedly, he said, “Three point zero, Captain.  Target in range.”  Then, he saluted.
“So, listen.  I may shoot at The Owner.  But, it’s just to scare Remons.  No one will get hurt.”
“Your funeral, Captain.  He will kill you.  I know that’s what he does.  Everyone knows.”
“I’ve heard the stories.  The guy is a bully.”  Albert sat the gun in rear port side corner of the bridge.  He stepped to the helm.  “Time for some fun, James.”
Albert unlocked the helm and positioned the rudders to neutral.  Teleport began falling off the wind, her nose panning south along the coastline.  Albert awoke the Perkins Brothers, the port engine started first, followed by his starboard brother.  Engaging the throttles, he spun the helm to port and headed Teleport directly into the north-northeasterly flowing wind.
With one hand, Albert depressed and held the Main-Furl and Headsail-Furl buttons.  With his other hand, he pressed the headsail sheet button for the portside, allowing it to ease, and the large genoa to furl properly.
Now fully in powerboat mode, Albert pushed the throttles to 2,000 RPM.  Teleport surged forward and was up on plane within a few seconds.  They were traveling at eighteen knots per hour.  Albert turned the wheel and aimed her bow at The Owner.
“Distance, James?”
“Wow, Captain!  Two point four miles.”
Albert said, “Call it out, nonstop.  Clear?”
“Yes, Captain.  Er, Two point two miles.”
“Two point zero miles.”
“One point eight miles.”
“One point five miles.”
“Captain, what are you doing?”
Albert said, “Keep it coming.”
“One point zero miles.”
“Zero point eight miles!”
“Zero point six miles!”
“Zero point four!”
“Zero point THREE!”
“Captain!”
Teleport was at ramming speed, headed directly for the middle of the starboard side of The Owner.
“James, hang on to the grab handles!”
Albert turned the wheel hard to port.  The twin rudders dug into the Pacific waters flying rapidly below Teleport’s hull.  Teleport rolled hard to the left, the inertia, and physics sending the mast on a hard downward angle as it tried to  maintain the previous heading.  Teleport heeled hard to starboard and then quickly recovered.  They were now heading the opposite direction as The Owner; the ships were starboard to starboard, only a hundred feet or so separating them.
Albert pushed Teleport over The Owner’s aft wake.  She bounced violently and stabilized.  He sailed a wide arc behind The Owner, eventually turning Teleport on to the same heading as The Owner.  Both ships were barreling toward the Golden Gate Bridge at twenty-five knots, side by side.  Teleport’s starboard side less than one hundred feet from The Owner’s port side.
There were almost a dozen people standing along The Owner’s port side railing.  He quickly spotted Remons - his overly sized proportions standing out like a sore thumb.  Elizabeth was standing beside him.  Even with all of the action happening, he noticed Elizabeth was in a bikini.  Then he looked again.  She was either in a bikini, or naked, or in a bikini that was so small she might as well be naked.  There were a few goons along the rail, weapons drawn and pointed at Teleport.
Albert reached over and closed the starboard door.  No sense being shot today.  James was clutching a handhold, eyes closed and seemingly pleading for his life to some unknown listener.
Albert intently watched the display.  Ahead of them was another blinking icon.  This one was blue.  Scattered around the radar screen were other unimportant icons.  They were all black in color.
The Owner’s heading would pass it too far left of the blue blinking icon.  Albert turned the wheel to starboard, moving his ship closer to The Owner.  He was attempting to nudge The Owner slightly to starboard.
It worked.  The Owner’s captain didn’t like how close the ships were to each other.  The Owner turned slightly to starboard, now with a heading perfectly aligned to the flashing blue icon.  Albert watched as the gap closed on the radar screen.  The flashing red icon, representing The Owner, moved quickly toward the stationary flashing blue icon.
Albert eased the throttles to 1,200 RPM.  Teleport slowed to twelve knots per hour.  The Owner did not slow down and the distance between the two ships widened.  Easing the throttles again, Albert slowed Teleport to six knots per hour
He looked at James, who was still clutching the handle.
“What the hell were you doing, Captain?”
“Just scaring that asshole a little.  He deserved it after what happened last night.”  Albert’s afternoon activities were not finished.  But, James didn’t need to know that.
“So that’s it, Captain?  You really think Remons will leave you alone, now?”
“Probably not.  But at least I stood up for myself.”
“No doubt, Captain.  You have some big balls.”
Suddenly, there was a loud explosion.  A large plume of water erupted up the starboard side of The Owner.  The ship was rocking violently side to side.  Several chairs on the upper deck fell in the water.
“DAMN!”  James was frozen.
Albert was smiling.  It had worked perfectly.
“What the hell happened, Captain?”
Albert looked at James and shrugged his shoulders.  “Beats me.  Maybe they blew an engine or hit a buoy.  Karma’s a bitch.”
James eyed Albert suspiciously.  “Yeah, Karma’s a bitch.”
Albert switched subjects.  “Let’s head in.  Enough fun has been had, at least for today.”
Albert spun the wheel to starboard and pushed the throttles back to 2,000 RPM.  Teleport went behind The Owner and quickly sped by its starboard side.  The Owner’s captain had slowed her to a crawl.  He probably had the crew searching for any damage.
Teleport reached the breakwater quickly.  Albert slowed to idle and motored slowly to his temporary slip.  Reversing the port side engine and engaging the electric bow thruster, he spun the ship around, all within her own length.  Gently her starboard rail bumped the padded dock.  Albert shut off the bow thruster, put the engines in neutral, opened the starboard door, stepped up on the deck and then down on the dock.
“Help me out, James.”
Albert grabbed the bow dock line and tossed it to James.  James hooked it securely on the cleat.  He then ran to the aft line, picked it up, and tossed it to James, who tied it off.
“James, you are not safe here.  Understand?”
“Of course, Captain.  You saved me this morning.  Remember?”
“You have my phone number already.  Now, get out of here.  Go stay somewhere with friends.  Just get away from here for a while.  Don’t go back to the gas dock.”
“Sure, Captain.”
“Go!  Get out of here now.  The Owner will be in dock soon.  You need to be long gone, before then.”
James jumped on the dock and took off running.  “See you, Captain.  Thanks again for saving my skin this morning.”
Now, Albert was alone on the dock.  He looked north, watching The Owner pass outside the breakwater.  She would be securely in her dock within fifteen minutes.  Remons likely had his guards on the ready.  Like storm troopers, they would run across The Embarcadero and directly to Teleport.
He needed some help quickly.  Albert removed the cop’s business card from earlier in the day.  He called the main number listed for the police station.
“San Francisco Police Department.”
“Sergeant Bratcher, please.  My name is Albert Pabek.  It’s urgent.”
“One moment.”
“Bratcher speaking.  What do you want, Mr. Pabek?”
“I need some help, sir.  Remons’ thugs attempted to jump us, James Edwards, and me, again.  They are headed over to my ship.  It’s located on Dock 14 at Pier Marina.  I am scared for my life.”
“Stay put, Mr. Pabek.  I’m sending over some officers immediately.”
“Thank you.”
Albert sat in the captain’s chair on the bridge.  Now, it was a race.  Who would be the first to arrive?  If it were Remons’ goons, Albert would need the semi-automatic rifle.  If it were the cops, well they would keep the Remons’ thugs at bay.
Ten minutes passed.  Albert waited nervously.
The boys in blue, four of them, barreled through the Dock 14 gate.  Adrenaline charged, in full riot gear, they ran down the pier and quickly reached Teleport.
Albert stepped up on the deck.  “Thank you, officers.  I really appreciate the quick respo—”
Just then, three of the thugs passed through the security gate, also heading toward Teleport.  Then they froze as the police raised their weapons.
The commander spoke, “This is private property.  What is your business?”
The goons said nothing.  Quietly, they turned away and left the dock.  Two of the officers followed.
The two remaining officers lowered their weapons.
“Mr. Pabek.  Sergeant Bratcher suggests you may want to shove off soon.  We can only do so much.”
“How long have I been given?  For you guys to stay here guarding Teleport?”
“We are here until midnight, sir.  After that, you’re on your own.”
Albert thanked the officers, stepped down into the bridge, and closed the door.  He discreetly picked up the semi-automatic rifle, and climbed down the forward companionway.  He placed the gun near the stairs, walked over to the recliner, and sat down.
He needed fresh eyes on the problem.  Thankfully, Lawrence was arriving soon.

Chapter 40
The Owner was safely docked in its private pier along The Embarcadero, ending the eighteen-hour saga at sea.  Remons was pacing the upper deck and barking orders at his staff.  They had been out of touch with everything within Remons Global and with the international banks.  For all Remons knew, there could have been a terrorist attack.  He wanted answers, and he wanted them fast.
Remons yelled, “Caltoan, what was that explosion?”
Caltoan replied, “Sir, I don’t know.  However, we are certain it did not originate inside The Owner.  It came from outside the ship.”
“What the hell are you telling me?  We ran over an underwater mine?”
“Sir, I don’t know.  We are still investigating.”
“Captain Caltoan.  I want The Owner checked from top to bottom.  You make damn sure there’s nothing structurally wrong with this ship.  I don’t want to be stuck out at sea, again.  Everything!  Check out all navigation, satellite communication, banking computers, and propulsion systems.  I want The Owner operational and ready to sail by 6:00 AM tomorrow morning.  That includes full tanks of fuel and a completely stocked galley.”
“Yes, sir,” responded Caltoan.
Remons looked at one of the guards.  “Get the phones from the other security staff; the ones that were not on the ship with us.  I want at least ten replacement phones on this deck immediately.”
“Yes, sir,” the man replied.  He ran down the forward stairs.
Remons continued, “Everyone.  Get the sim cards out of your phones.  Put them in the replacement phones when he gets back with them.”
“Elizabeth!  I want a car to pick me up on the end of the pier immediately.  It will take me to the office, where I will pick up the Porsche.  I want two new mobile phones placed in the Porsche before I arrive.”
Elizabeth replied, “Yes, Mr. Remons.”
Looking at his executives, Remons said, “Gentlemen, go to your office immediately.  Get functioning phones.  Get the backup computers.  Start making phone calls to our international friends.  Explain things will be back on schedule tomorrow morning.”
“Sir,” one of the executives interrupted, “we don’t make calls or send messages onshore, remember?”
Remons screamed, “OF COURSE, I REMEMBER!  This is a war.  Make the calls as discreetly as possible.  Just make sure they understand.  We will be operational tomorrow.  The money flows are coming; they are just late.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Mark,” Remons corrected himself.  “Max, I want that helicopter inspected and fully functional by 9:00 PM tonight.”
“Yes, sir,” Max replied.  He was happy Remons finally remembered his name.
Looking at his army of guards, Remons said,   “You men have failed a lot in the past day.  I will personally destroy each of you, if you don’t get this under control.”
Three additional guards ran up on the deck, joining the others.  Remons looked at them, a question mark on his face.  He said, “Well?  Where’s the troublemaker?”
One of the nameless thugs replied, “Sir, the cops arrived before us.  They ran us off.  I don’t know if they were helping him, or if they were there to arrest him.”
Remons was pissed – even more so.  “AS I SAID.  Collectively, you are failing.  I suggest you fix it, before I fix all of you.  Are we clear?”
“YES, SIR,” they all spoke in unison, like a brainwashed group of kids trying to please the father figure.
Remons walked to the forward staircase, climbed down the steps to the dock level, and exited The Owner.  Standing on the dock, he looked up at the massive ship, privately grateful to her for reaching land safely.
Once in the limo, Remons picked up the car’s permanently mounted phone.  He called the twenty-four hour executive service that he maintained.  It was a back up to Elizabeth, in the unlikely, or unfortunate, event she was not around.  Someone unknown by Remons answered, “Yes, Mr. Remons.”
“Get me Bill Shefford’s mobile phone.”
Bill answered on the third ring.  He could see the call came through the service.  “Bill Shefford speaking.”
“Bill, what is going on?”
“Mr. Remons, where have you been?  I’ve been trying to call you since last night.”
“We are being attacked.  I’ve been stuck out in the Pacific on The Owner!”
Bill didn’t know how to respond to Remons rant.  This was a new problem.  “Listen, Mr. Remons.  I’m at Plant 37.  We are losing control.  World Auto has taken possession.  If we don’t find a solution soon, they will legally take permanent ownership of Remons Global.”
Remons sat stunned in the limo.  “What the hell happened?  I thought you said we had inventory!”
“We did, sir.  It has a quality problem.  The Destroyer line is down hard.  World Auto pulled the contract, got a court order, and is now legally running Plant 37.”
Remons was silent.
“Karl, I have your jet fueled and the crew on standby.  Are you coming over here?”
Remons half-heartedly said, “I told you not to call me Karl.”  He continued, “I can’t come right now.  We have a troublemaker over here.  We did no business last night.  None!  No business.  Zilch.”
Bill replied, “How could that be?  The systems are redundant.  We are doing business now, though.  Right?”
“No.  I hope to be sailing early tomorrow morning.  We won’t be able to process transactions until sometime tomorrow.”
“Mr. Remons, I’ll take care of things here.  Your situation is more critical.  What am I supposed to say, if I receive any messages from our international business partners?”
“Tell them it was computer failure.  All processing will be completed tomorrow.  Without fail.”
“Yes, sir.  I need to go.  The World Auto team is asking for my assistance.”
“Go.  Get it fixed.”

Chapter 41
It was 5:21 PM, on the day after the first day of summer.
Albert showered, shaved, and got dressed.  He was wearing a different pair of Levi’s, a T-shirt, and a pullover green sweatshirt, which was emblazoned with “Michigan State” across the front.  Albert picked up his wallet, the smartphone, and the spare Ruger SR9c pistol, from the galley countertop.  He stuffed the phone in his front pants pocket, the wallet in a back hip pocket, and the pistol behind the belt on his lower back.
He walked up the companionway stairs and across to the starboard bridge door.  Opening the door, he stepped up on the deck and smiled at the two police officers.  Albert closed the bridge door and verified it was fully locked.
As he stepped down on the dock, one of the police officers asked, “Where are you going?”
“Dinner with a friend.  I’ll be back before you guys have to leave.”
“Mr. Pabek, it’s not a good idea for you to be walking around.  That guy has a lot of power.”
“Thank you for being concerned.  I have to meet my friend, and I’m hungry.”
Albert walked down the Dock 14 pier and through the security gate.  He weaved his way out of the isolated marina area and into the busier shopping focused area of Pier Marina.  As he approached Veronica’s shop, Albert could already see things were under control.
Lawrence Stone was sitting at an outdoor table.  Veronica was sitting with him.  They were both laughing.
Albert walked up quietly.  “Lawrence!  What are you doing?”
Lawrence Stone jumped to his feet, spun around, and gave Albert a big bear hug.  “Albert!  I’m so glad to see you.”
“I’m glad to see you, too.  Sorry for running late.”
Lawrence said, “Veronica here has been telling me all about you.  She seems to be a little sweet on you, by the way.”
Veronica was blushing, but not too much.  She smiled.  “Hi.  Where have you been all day?”
“I went for a sail early this morning.  Ended up staying out longer than I expected.”
“Albert,” she stepped over nearer to him, “I haven’t been able to reach Elizabeth, since last night.  I’m worried.”
“You shouldn’t worry.  I’m sure she is fine.”  Albert pointed at the big ship.  “The Owner is back.  You still haven’t heard from her?”
“No.  I guess Mr. Asshole has her picking up his dry cleaned socks and underwear.  Who knows?  I try not to worry.  It’s just not easy.”
Lawrence looked at Albert with a serious face.  “Albert, I’m getting hungry.  We need to have some dinner and catch up.  I haven’t seen you in ages.”
Albert smiled.  Lawrence wanted him on schedule.  He was pushing the conversation along.
“Liz!”  Veronica ran from the coffee shop toward her.  Elizabeth was walking toward the group.  She reached Elizabeth and hugged her tightly.  “Why didn’t you call?”
They were walking back to where Albert and Lawrence were standing.
Elizabeth said, “It’s a long story.  There was a lot of trouble with The Owner.  We broke down at sea.”
Veronica said, “Oh, my gosh.  Sit down.  Let me get you something cold to drink.  Albert.  Lawrence.  You two, please sit down.  Liz has been marooned at sea and just finally made it back.  I’ll get you guys some drinks, too.”
Veronica ran off to the inside service counter.  Elizabeth sat down.  Albert and Lawrence followed suit.
Elizabeth stared at Albert.  Finally, she said, “What the hell were you doing out there this afternoon?  And what was that explosion.”  She looked and sounded like a miniature version of Karl Remons.  It sent shivers along Albert’s spine.
Albert said, “I’ve just been trying to mind my own business.  The thugs keep bothering me.  That just pushes us back into the fray.”  He continued, “Where I sail my boat is my business.  If I want to drive doughnuts around The Owner all day long, then I will.  As for the explosion, how could that be me?  Remons has plenty of enemies.  I don’t think I am the only member of the fan club.”
Elizabeth leered at him.  “My sister likes you.  However, you will probably be dead by tomorrow night.  So, don’t hurt my sister’s feelings.”
Lawrence’s head was moving back and forth, like he was watching a tennis match.
Albert smiled, saying, “By the way, I noticed you standing on the deck.  I have to ask.  Bikini or au natural?  I’m sure Veronica would also be interested in knowing.”
Elizabeth stared hard into his eyes, “You say a word to my sister about that, and I’ll give you my own version of hell.”  Then, she said, “I was not wearing a bikini.  Wish you were there for a closer look?”
Albert was figuring her out.  Be careful with this one.  “Like you said, Elizabeth.  Veronica likes me.”
Veronica walked up with a tray of drinks and sat down at the table.  “Spill the beans, Liz.  What’s going on?”
It was as if someone traded seats with Elizabeth.  “Veronica,” she gasped.  “It was horrible.  We broke down late last night.  I don’t know where we were, or where we were heading.  Everything was broken.  The engines would not work.  No air conditioning.  We had to eat cold food.  It was horrible.”
She continued the drama, “By noon today, we were more than two hundred miles out at sea.  The currents and wind were blowing us further and further from land.  Finally, the captain got the ship running, and we spent all afternoon getting back to San Francisco.”
She hugged Veronica.  “It was terrible.  My phone didn’t work.  That Remons, he was yelling all the time.  He’s such a monster!”
Veronica consoled her sister.  “I’m so sorry.  Well, you are safe now.  I was worried all day.  But, I should have known.  You are strong and can get yourself out of any jam.”
Veronica was hugging Elizabeth.  Elizabeth was looking at Albert with the most evil stare.  Lawrence stood up.  He wanted to get going.
Albert followed Lawrence’s move.  “Veronica?  Elizabeth?  We have to go.  Need anything before we leave?”
Veronica said, “Thank you for asking.  We will be fine.  You are a caring person.”
Elizabeth looked at Albert.  “You are a caring man, Albert.  Thanks for watching over my baby sister while I was stranded at sea.”
Albert and Lawrence walked away, weaving a path through the shops along the pier.  Albert’s phone vibrated.  He pulled it from the front pocket of his Levi’s.  It was a local number.
“Hello,” Albert said tentatively.
“Captain,” James was whispering.  “The goons.  They are after me.  I need your help.”
Albert asked quietly, “Where are you?”
“I’m in the shopping area, here on the pier, near The Embarcadero.  I’m hiding behind a couple of the small buildings.  I keep moving around, hiding behind the shops.  But, they know I’m in here somewhere.  They won’t go away.”
“I’ll be there in a minute.  Keep hiding.”
Lawrence asked, “What’s up?”
“It’s James, the kid from the gas dock.  He’s been helping me out.  Now Remons’ goons are out for him.  He shot and killed one of them last night.”
“Shit, Albert!  Why did you get this guy involved?”
“I tried not to.  James just kept sticking his fingers in everything.”
Albert switched gears.  “Here’s the plan.  I don’t want him to see you.  Let me get him out of this mess and send him packing.”
They had stopped on the pier, still some distance from where James was probably hiding.  “Just hang out here and watch my back.  If it’s only two of the thugs, I should be able to get James and back out of the goons’ vicinity.  I’m going to take him down to the ferries.”
Albert was pointing west.  One of the ferries could be seen from their angle.  “I’ll get him on a ferry and send him to the far shore.  He should be able to manage a clean escape from there.  Then, I’ll meet you back here.”
Albert handed Lawrence the pistol.  “Hang on to this.  This isn’t a shooting rescue.”
Finally, Albert said, “Watch my back.  If the goons jump me, we have trouble and you will have to fix it.”
Lawrence smiled, “I’ve been cleaning up your messes since second grade.  What’s new about that?  Go on.  Save the kid.”
Albert walked into the crowded shopping area along the pier.  Lawrence tried to not lose sight of him, but there were too many people and too many obstacles.  Albert moved slowly through the outdoor sales stands where people were milling around.  Suddenly, two thugs grabbed him, one on each of his arms.
One jammed a gun in his side.  “We are taking a walk.  I have nothing to lose.  If I do not deliver you to Remons, immediately, then he will kill me.  So, believe me.  Nothing to lose on my part.”
Albert was pinned, and he comprehended it completely.  They walked off the pier and headed toward The Owner.  Lawrence saw the trio walking along the road.  He recognized Albert and shook his head.
Lawrence muttered to himself, “Damn, Albert.  What the hell am I supposed to do now?”
The guards pushed him up the gangway and on The Owner.  Once on board, he was pushed to the forward staircase.  One of the goons said, “Up.  Now.”
Albert wasn’t in the mood to joke anymore.  He quietly climbed the staircase.  He had a good idea what had happened.  Now, it was time to confirm his suspicions.  He emerged from the staircase, stepping on the upper deck.
There he was.  As Albert already suspected, James was not a prisoner.  He was sitting in one of Remons’ lounge chairs, drinking something dark from a nice glass.  He worked for Remons.  He was one of the goons.
“Say, Captain!  How ya doin’ today?  Guess you didn’t figure on me being up here.”

Chapter 42
Veronica finished her closing activities, while Elizabeth sat at an outside table.
She set the alarm, locked the coffee shop doors, walked over to Elizabeth’s table, and sat down.  “Sorry it took so long.  I’m done for the day.  Are you ready to go home?”
Elizabeth noticed Lawrence.  He was walking alone across the pier and coming toward them.  “Here comes your new friend’s friend.  He doesn’t look as nice as Albert, but he would do in a pinch.”
“Liz!  Stop it.  I’m interested in Albert.”
“Don’t worry.  You can have him.  Get on with it, though.  No sense wasting a strong, able bodied, and good looking man, like Albert, not even for a day.  You’re wasting opportunities.”
They were both laughing, as Lawrence walked up to their table.
“Girls!  We have a small problem.  The thugs picked up Albert.  They hauled him off to the big ship, over there.”
Veronica gasped, “No!”  She looked at Elizabeth.  “Get him off there, Liz.  Do something!”
Elizabeth was staring at the table.  
Lawrence sat down.  He looked at each of them, curiously.  He said, “Well?  What are we going to do?”
Veronica shook Elizabeth’s arm and said, “Can’t you do something?”
Elizabeth looked up, saying, “You know Remons is a monster.  He doesn’t listen to me.”
“Please?”  Veronica was begging.
“I’ll see what I can do.  No promises.  I’m going back aboard The Owner and will talk with Remons.”
Veronica said, “I want to go with you.”
“No.  You can’t.  You know that.”
Lawrence said, “Well, I didn’t come to San Francisco to get killed.  I was just here to see my old friend.  See you girls later.  Nice meeting you.”
Lawrence stood up to leave, but Veronica reached over and pulled on his arm.  “Please don’t abandon him!  They may kill him, Lawrence!  Don’t you understand?”
Lawrence carefully lifted Veronica’s hand off his arm.  “It’s nothing personal.  I understand, but I’m just a guy out here on vacation.”
Then he added, “Tell you what.  I’ll go talk to the police and see how they can help.  Albert has been kidnapped.  The police will know how to handle this properly.”
“No, Lawrence!  You can’t do that!”  Elizabeth was standing up and yelling at the same time.
Veronica added, “No, Lawrence.  He controls most of the police leaders anyway.  It would be futile.”
Lawrence offered his last suggestion, saying, “Give me some time to think more about this problem.  I’m going for a walk.  Will you both meet me back here in an hour?”
Veronica leaned over and hugged Lawrence tightly around the neck.  She said, “Thank you.  I knew you were a good friend to Albert.”
Elizabeth, still standing, said, “I’m leaving now.  I will meet both of you here.  In an hour.”  She walked away, heading to The Owner.
Lawrence said goodbye to Veronica and also walked away.
Veronica decided to wait at the coffee shop.  She unlocked the doors, went inside, and locked the doors behind her.  After brewing a fresh cup of coffee and finding a stale pastry, she sat down at an inside table.  The Owner was in clear view from her seat.
Lawrence found a secluded bench, along The Embarcadero, not too far from The Owner.  It provided a decent view of the ship.  From his seat, he should be able to see Albert, if he were removed from the ship.  The helicopter was on the deck, so he had not left by that way.
Lawrence watched Elizabeth as she confidently strolled toward The Owner.  He lost sight of her, after she passed behind the ship, along the dock on the port side.  Now all he could do was watch and wait.
Elizabeth walked up to the two guards protecting the gangway to the ship.  “Where did you put Mr. Pabek?”
Elizabeth Williams was not Karl Remons.  The security team did not treat her like him.  However, they did treat her differently than most of the other employees.  She didn’t have much power, but she had some.  None of the guards wanted to find out how much, or how little, power she actually might possess.
One of the guards said, “He’s on the upper deck.  The guys are holding him, until Mr. Remons returns.”
“Ma’am,” the other guard said, “please move over here.  They need to get through.”  The guard was pointing at Max and the two mechanics.  They were from the airport coming to check out the helicopter.
The first guard said to the mechanics, “Welcome aboard.  Please step inside the ship.  The two men past the doorway will be inspecting your gear bags.  We have very tight security requirements.”
Max stepped on the gangway, followed in close procession by the mechanics.  The trio disappeared into the shadows of The Owner.
Elizabeth followed behind them on the gangway.  “I’m going back aboard.”  She wasn’t asking permission, and the guards did not stop her.
Elizabeth took the forward staircase, trotting quickly up both floors and promptly reaching the upper deck.  James, Albert, and three guards were in the forward area, where Remons normally sat.  She noticed at the stern that Max, along with his mechanics, had arrived on the upper deck via the public aft staircase.  Elizabeth walked over to the forward sitting area.
“Hi, Elizabeth,” James was smiling at her.
“James,” she said tersely.  She was all business.  “You have a death wish?  Why are you sitting in Remons’ chair?”
James frowned, but he took the warning, phrased as a question, seriously.  Immediately, he moved to a different chair.  Then he said, “It was tough getting this guy caught.  He’s a smart one.”
Albert was staring down intently at James.  He wanted him to feel the heat of his eyes.
Elizabeth waved at the guards.  “Take him to my cabin.  We will keep him there, until Mr. Remons arrives and decides how to dispose of him.”
The three guards walked off with Albert.
She returned her stare to James, asking, “What happened today?  Mr. Remons is furious.  We are both going to get fired, unless this gets fixed, fast.”
“I don’t know.  The Captain…  He had us floating all afternoon out on open water.  He seemed to know The Owner was coming back to San Francisco.  Get this.  He has some serious electronic shit on that boat.  His radar picked up The Owner way out, like thirty minutes away.”
“What was he trying to do?  Crash into us?”
“I don’t think so.  He said he was trying to scare everyone on board.”
“What was the explosion, James?”
James laughed uncomfortably.  “Listen, I don’t think that was his doing.  I accused him of it and he denied it.  I think were it him, he would have been bragging.  He was bragging about everything else.  Anyway, how could he have done it?  It doesn’t make any sense.  We were on his boat when it happened.”
“You need to get off The Owner before Remons shows up.  He has a temper.  You could end up in a bad place.”
James hadn’t received the warm hero’s welcome he was expecting.  He did what no one else had done.  He had delivered Albert Pabek.  However, Elizabeth was right.  Being on The Owner when Remons showed up was not good for his life expectancy.
“You’re right.  I’ll go, now.”  James stood and rapidly made steps for the forward staircase.  Elizabeth walked across the upper deck heading toward the stern of the ship and the helicopter.  Max noticed her approaching.  He left the mechanics to their work and leaned on the aft staircase, blocking her progress.
Max set on a cheesy smile, and said, “I’ll have the helicopter ready, on schedule.  Will you tell Mr. Remons?”
“Sure, Max.  Will you move?  Please?  I’m in a hurry.”
“Sorry,” he said, but didn’t move.  “I was wondering…  Well, I just wanted to say…  Um…  You looked really nice today…  I mean really, really nice.  Out here on the upper deck.”  Max seemed to be trying to give the previously naked woman a compliment.
“Thanks.  I’m glad to hear that.”
“Anyway, I was hoping maybe later, we could—”
“No.  Get lost.  I don’t fraternize with Remons’ people.”
Max didn’t move.  He said, “I was asking you out on a date.  Not to be my whore.  No need to get snotty about it.  I guess your whoring duties don’t leave you enough time for real dates.”
He stepped aside.  Elizabeth said nothing.  She descended the staircase, reached the deck for her cabin, and walked down the corridor.  Three guards were standing outside the door, a little bored with their assignment from Elizabeth to guard the prisoner.
Elizabeth stopped at the cabin.  “Unlock the door.  I need to ask him a couple of questions.”
“Ma’am?”  One of the guards said with surprise.  “You don’t need to go in there.”
“You heard me.  I need to confirm something James learned about Mr. Pabek.  And, I need to do it now.  It must be verified before Mr. Remons arrives.”
The same guard was now convinced.  He said, “Yes, ma’am.”
She said, “Give me fifteen minutes.  If I haven’t knocked, saying I’m ready to leave, then come in and get me.”
The door was unlocked.  Elizabeth opened it, stepped in the small cabin, and closed the door behind her.  Albert was sitting on her bed.
“Hi, Albert.”
Albert looked at her, saying nothing, with an uninterested, blank look on his face.
“Veronica asked me to get you out of this jam.  You know that’s not happening.  Right?”
Albert replied, “Of course.  You are just here attempting to maintain your dual identity.  There’s no way you want to tell Veronica about the depth of your lies.”
Elizabeth said, “True.”
Then Albert added, “Remons will kill you.  It’s only a matter of when.  I suggest you disappear before he gets the opportunity.  Your life is in danger.”
Elizabeth seemed scared.  She asked, “Why do you say that?”
“I know Karl Remons.  His world is crumbling around him.  He will pull you into the death pit with him.”
She said, “I’m in too deep.  There’s no way out, alive anyway.  I have to go.”
Elizabeth knocked on the door and abruptly left the room.

Chapter 43
Sitting in the Porsche, in the parking garage below Remons Tower, the tower’s namesake was adeptly disassembling the mobile phones.  Remons removed the sim cards from the electronically damaged phones, quickly installing them in the replacement phones secured by Elizabeth.  A casual observer could easily have assumed a car theft, robbery, or drug deal was underway; no one guessing a multi-billionaire would be doing what he was doing.
Remons finished his project and powered up both new phones; his normal line, along with the ultra-private line.  Immediately, emails, text messages, and voicemails began to stack up on the published phone.  He was ignoring that line, placing his full attention on the private line.
The private line sounded two times, and the voicemail counter read, “2”.
“Damn it!”  Remons slammed his fist against the interior headliner of the Porsche.  He pressed the voicemail icon on the private phone.
“Message 1.  Saturday.  June 22.  12:31 PM.  ‘Remons, you are ignoring my call.  This is not healthy.  Meet me tonight at the Oakland plant.  Be there.’  End of message.”
Remons started to sweat.  There was something about the stranger’s voice.  He breathed deeply and looked at the phone.  The second message was still waiting.  He pressed the next message icon.
“Message 2.  Saturday.  June 22.  2:19 PM.  ‘There were no transactions last night.  You have an obligation.  A very large obligation.  Your international partner will give you until midnight, tomorrow.  No other reprieves will be granted.’  End of message.”
Remons’ sweating increased, soaking and staining the Porsche’s expensive hand-stitched leather seat.  One of the mobile phones buzzed.  It was the published number phone.  The caller was one of his security guards.
Remons pressed Accept.  “What!”
“Mr. Remons, sir.”  It was Elizabeth.
“Fix your phone, Elizabeth!”
“Yes, sir.  I will as soon as possible.  I needed to talk to you urgently.”
“What?”
“The guards were successful.  They picked up Pabek.  He’s locked in a stateroom on The Owner.”
Things turned instantly brighter for Remons.  He said, “Very good.”
“I told them you would be returning soon, and to do nothing until you arrive.”
“Change of plans.  Is the helicopter repaired?”
“Max has the mechanics working on it now.  I can check the status and let you know.”
Remons said, “I’m driving to Plant 1.  I need to get a first hand update on the explosion from last night.”
“Very good, sir.  I will call Bill Shefford and Sam Halsop, and let them know you are in route.  They will be ready to receive you.”
“No!”  Remons said, revealing too much with the tone of his voice.  Trying to recover control of the conversation, he continued, “Shefford is in Michigan.  I’ve already talked to him.  And, I don’t need Halsop there.  In fact, I don’t want him there.  I want to see for myself the damage, without some plant manager trying to bullshit me.”
“Yes, sir.  I understand.  I won’t call them.  What do you want the guards to do with Pabek?”
“Put him on the helicopter.  Two guards will need to ride with him.  I want him flown to Plant 1.  There, I will deal with Mr. Pabek.”
“Yes, sir.  Anything else?”
“No.  Get it done.”
Remons pressed the End Call icon, tossed the phone in the passenger seat, and stared at the private numbered phone in his other hand.  They were both shaking; his hand and the phone.  The severity of the situation was beginning to settle deep in Remons’ psyche.  He closed his eyes.  Rather, his brain closed his eyes.  Remons passed out.  His body issued a time-out command.  It needed a mental and physical disruption from reality.
-----
Elizabeth dropped the phone in her shoulder bag, as she stepped off the gangway and onto the dock.  James was still there.  He was leaning on a piling - laughing and smiling.  He was chatting casually with the two guards posted at the entrance to The Owner’s private pier.
Elizabeth approached, yelling as she reached the group of men.  “James!  What the hell are you doing?”
James pivoted his head and smirked at her.  “Yes, I’m leaving.  Just the way we talked earlier up on deck.  No worries.  I just stopped for a moment to chat with my buddies.  They are my friends – I’m just talking.  Or, is that not allowed, either?”
She wrapped her small hand around James’ lanky arm, pulling him down the pier, through the gate, and to The Embarcadero.  She stopped and turned him to face her.  She had to tilt her head upward.  He was lanky, but still nearly a foot taller than her.
She said, “You are going to end up dead, if you don’t stop screwing around.  Just because you finally got Pabek onboard The Owner, it does not mean you are now the golden boy.  Remons is still pissed at you.  He doesn’t forget mistakes or stupidity.  You have a long list of those; all fully tallied in Remons’ head.”  She shoved him forward, toward The Embarcadero and away from The Owner.  “Get out of here.  Hurry!”
James realized she was right.  He had messed up several tasks since his employment began with Remons Global four years earlier.  Technically, he was still employed, because he was still vertical; he was still alive.  He headed along the street, more so in a jog, rather than a stroll.  She had sufficiently scared him.
He was walking along The Embarcadero, heading back to the Pier Marina gas dock.  Elizabeth was walking the same direction, but at a much slower pace.  The gap between them widened to about two hundred feet.  She was not in a hurry to get back to Veronica’s coffee shop.
Lawrence, sitting along The Embarcadero, closer to Pier Marina, rather than to The Owner’s private pier, had witnessed the exchange between Elizabeth and James.  It was like he had been watching a silent movie; a well scripted one.  Words had been unnecessary.  He had a reasonable idea of the conversation, as well as the relationship between the actors.
Walking along The Embarcadero, Elizabeth noticed Lawrence sitting on a bench.  Still in no hurry to see Veronica, Elizabeth stopped, and asked, “What are you doing?”
Lawrence answered, “Thinking.  Studying the ship.  Was that man hassling you?  The one on the pier?”
Elizabeth became concerned.  She was unsure what Lawrence had seen.  She had to talk through this carefully, as to avoid any additional discussion with Veronica.  “It was nothing.  I was getting trouble from the guards.  They wouldn’t let me talk to Albert.  They ignored my begging for his release.”
“Who was the guy on the pier?”
“Oh, that was James…,” she said.  Immediately, she thought, “Damn it!”  Lawrence didn’t know any of them, still she regretted giving up the name.  She recovered, “He’s just one of the local guys around here.  Always trying to get a date with me.  I didn’t have time to mess with him today, and he got upset.  That’s all.”
“I understand.  Let me know if he causes more trouble.  I can step in, if he’s becoming too much of a nuisance.”
“Sure.  Thank you.”
Then, he stood up, asking, “Ready to go see your sister?”
They walked in silence, slowly making their way to the coffee shop.  Elizabeth was trying to delay the bad news for Veronica.  Lawrence was reprocessing his analysis of the overall situation.
As they neared the coffee shop, Veronica spotted them.  She ran up, saying, “Well, where’s Albert?”
Elizabeth said, “He is still on The Owner.  Remons isn’t on board.  The guards wouldn’t let me see him.  I begged them to release Albert.  They said Mr. Remons had them under strict orders not to release him.”
Veronica exclaimed, “You have to do something.  Are you just going to let Remons kill him?”
Lawrence said, “Let’s sit down.  We need to think through possible options.”
The trio went back to their old seats on the dock in front of the coffee shop; The Owner in clear view across the cold water.  Looking at Lawrence, Veronica asked, “What can we do?”
“I’m not sure.  It will take me some time to think through all the possibilities.”  Lawrence was lying.  He had some ideas – ideas he would not share with them.
In the distance, they heard the engines start on Remons’ helicopter.  They each turned their heads to watch.  The Sikorsky’s rotors were rotating.
Veronica looked over at the ship.  “Liz?  What’s going on?”
It was Elizabeth’s turn to lie.  She said, “I don’t know.”
“You said Remons wasn’t on the ship.  Where’s the helicopter going?”
Elizabeth sat silently.  She hated lying to her sister.
Veronica screamed, “Elizabeth!  Answer me.”
She expanded the story of deceit, saying, “Remons wanted the helicopter in Oakland.  He’s driving over there, now.  The plant had some problems last night, and he wants to check on the status.  I’m guessing he will fly back to The Owner in the helicopter, after he’s finished at the Oakland plant.  The Owner is sailing tomorrow morning.”
Lawrence silently processed the information.  Albert must be a passenger in the helicopter.  There would be no reason to leave him on the ship overnight.  And, it may be easier to dispose of his body in Oakland.
Veronica was having the same thought.  “Is Albert in the helicopter?”
Elizabeth continued her lie.  “I don’t know.”
The helicopter was lifting off the deck of The Owner.  From their seats at the coffee shop, the helicopter’s black tinted windows revealed nothing about the passengers.
Lawrence had secured enough information.  Besides, Elizabeth had little more to offer.  He needed to save Albert.  “I have to go,” Lawrence was speaking and standing up.
Veronica stood, grabbed his arm, and begged, saying, “You have to do something!  He’s your friend.”
“Please, believe me.  I’m trying to figure something out.  But, remember, I’m just one man.  There’s not much I can really do.”  He hugged her, “Yes, it’s true.  Albert is my friend.  However, this is his mess.  I cannot…  I will not get killed trying to bail him out.”
Then, Lawrence played the final deception of the meeting, mainly for Elizabeth’s benefit.  “I am going to the hotel.  It has been a long day, and I have jet lag.  I’ll be back here in the morning for some coffee and breakfast.  We can talk, then.  Maybe, one of us will have a good idea.”
 Lawrence suggested, “Elizabeth, you should take her home.  Both of you have had a rough day.  Let’s all get some sleep.  We need clear heads for tomorrow morning.  Agreed?”
Elizabeth stood up.  “Yes.  That’s a good idea.  Anyway, I’m exhausted.  Come on, baby sister.  Let’s go home.  We will think of something by morning.”  She put her arm around Veronica’s shoulder.
“Liz?  Lawrence?”  She pleaded with both of them.  “Can’t we do something tonight?”
Both shook their heads.  Elizabeth tugged on Veronica.  “Things will be better in the morning.”
The two women left Dad’s Coffee & More, heading toward The Embarcadero and disappearing from Lawrence’s view.
Lawrence, now alone in his thoughts, stood blankly staring at The Owner.  He waited several minutes, just to make sure one, or both, of the women did not double back to the coffee shop.  Satisfied they were indeed gone, Lawrence headed for the gas dock.
As he approached, Lawrence stepped quietly to the store’s entrance.  There was a chalk outline from the previous night’s shooting.  The police tape was scattered around, now just blowing in the wind.  Most of the glass had been cleaned up.
One of the doors had been covered with plywood and appeared to be nailed shut.  The other door was intact, but it looked like the door handle was not functional.  Lawrence studied it closely.  It did not appear to have a lock.
He looked through the only glass door remaining.  It was dark inside, but it was not too dark.  He could see James.  The double-crossing punk was sitting in a chair, drinking a beer, and watching a baseball game on television.
James also noticed Lawrence.  “Go away.  Closed.  Come back tomorrow.”
Lawrence looked around the dock area.  No one else was nearby.  He removed the pistol from his belt.  He pushed the door, just slightly.  It was not locked.  Then, he quickly pushed it open fully, ran into the store, and pointed the gun at James’ head.
“Don’t move.  Just sit there.”  With the gun still pointed at James, Lawrence walked back to the door and closed it.
James was shaking.  “What do you want?”
“You and I are going to have a talk.  It’s going to be a long night, James.”
“Who are you?  How do you know my name?”
“It’s not important.  Cooperate, and you may live.  Give me trouble, and well, then I will kill you.  Do we have an agreement?”
James slouched in the chair.  “Whatever, dude.  I may end up dead, but I won’t be alone.  You are messing with the wrong guy.  I have powerful friends.”
“Don’t give me that shit!  You are an expendable stooge, working for a guy who couldn’t care less about you.”
“So?  What do you want?”
“Right now?  I want some dinner.  And, I have selected you as my chef.  Cook us up something.  Don’t try being a hero.  I’ll kill you without the slightest hesitation.  You are expendable to me, too.”
“Yeah, sure.”
James stood up slowly and carefully.  He walked over to one of the refrigerators, opened the door, and rummaged through the offerings.  “I’ve got a couple of microwaveable burritos.”
“That’s fine.  Nuke ‘em.  And, get us a couple of beers.”

Chapter 44
It was 7:08 PM, on the day after the first day of summer.
Albert was facing backward, sitting in the middle seat of Remons’ plush helicopter cabin.  One guard was facing Albert.  He was sitting in the forward facing chair, but it wasn’t Remons’ chair.  No one but Karl Remons used that seat.  The other guard sat to Albert’s right.  He was also facing backward.
“So, tell me?  Where are we going?”
The guards said nothing.
Albert said, “Remons has his leash tied around your tongues?”
“Shut up, asshole.”
Up front in the cockpit, Max had secretly turned on the intercom and muted his own microphone.  He was enjoying the verbal exchange with Remons’ prisoner.  He unmuted the microphone.  They were approaching Plant 1.  “Excuse me.  We are arriving at the Oakland facility.”
Max switched off his microphone and initiated the landing procedure.  Today, he would be able to place the aircraft on its assigned parking spot, atop the one hundred foot tall building.
Max eased the collective and the throttle, allowing the Sikorsky to begin its descent.  Simultaneously, he pulled back on the cyclic with his right hand, stopping their progression, directly over the “H” emblazoned on the roof of Plant 1.
Gently, the helicopter settled onto the roof.  Max kept his feet on the toe brakes to prevent the Sikorsky from rolling on its landing wheels.  While powering down the aircraft, he saw the guards hauling Albert into the rooftop elevator.
-----
On the other side of San Francisco Bay, Remons was in the Porsche on the Oakland Bay Bridge.  He was driving fast, hurtling along at one hundred twenty five miles per hour, and weaving through the light Saturday evening traffic.
The police officers on motorcycles had already picked him up on their traffic radar guns.  They were racing toward him and rapidly closing the gap.  They pulled up behind the speeding car, and then quickly slowed down.  One cop said to the other, “I hate that asshole.”
Both watched as the Porsche, with its vanity plate, “OWNER”, disappeared over the bridge and into Oakland.  Remons continued on to Plant 1, laughing at the cops and their lack of balls to mess with him.
Remons jammed the phone button on the car.  “Call Bill Shefford.”
“Yes, Mr. Remons,” the car responded, correctly this time.
“This is Bill.”
“Bill!  It’s me.  Why did you answer that way?”
“I’m sorry, sir.  I answered the call without looking at the display.”
“What’s happening over there?”
“It isn’t any better.  World Auto has more people arriving in the morning.  Hang on a minute.”
Remons could hear a lot of noise in the background.  It sounded like Bill was walking.  Then it was suddenly quiet.
“Sorry, Mr. Remons.  I’m out at dinner with Malete and a couple of his lieutenants.  I stepped away from the table, so we could talk privately.  I am doing everything I can, but this is serious.”
“Bill!  I can’t help you, right now.  We have even bigger troubles here.  Understand my meaning!”
Bill sighed, “I know.  No need to elaborate.”
“What are you doing?”
“Like I said, they have more people coming early tomorrow morning.  I’m pushing Malete now for details.  I also just learned that the president of World Auto is coming, too.  You know what that means.”
“Yes, Bill!  What the fuck am I supposed to do?  I can’t be in both places at the same time!”
“He’s World Auto’s top guy.  If you aren’t here, it will make things worse.  They are after the whole company.”
Remons sighed loudly.  “I know.  You have to fix it.”
“Karl, please listen.  You may not own Remons Global on Monday morning.  Do you understand?”
“Fuck you, Bill!  Of course, I understand.  Stop calling me Karl.  I’m not your friend!  If I don’t have a company on Monday morning, you don’t have a job either!  Therefore, we will be even.  Now get off the phone and go fix this!  Do not let me down.  If you do, I’ll be the last person you ever let down.  Do YOU understand?”
“Yes, sir.  I won’t let you down.”
Bill looked at his phone.  Remons had hung up on him, again.  He put away the phone and headed back to the dinner with Malete.  He needed Remons’ help in Michigan.  It was the only chance at saving Remons Global, and the namesake, Karl Remons, was going to be a no-show.
-----
Remons drove in silence for the remaining two miles distance to Plant 1.  No phone calls.  No radio.  Just him, his fears, and his paranoia, invading any possibility of clear thought.  He arrived at the Plant 1 security gate, yelled at the gate to open faster, and then blasted through the parking lot.  He screeched into the garage, and then into his isolated parking space located ten feet from the elevator.  The sign above the space read, “Mine - Not Yours”.
Remons climbed out of the Porsche, stormed through the entrance, and jammed the elevator “Up” button.  The elevator arrived, its doors opened and Remons stepped inside.  He pressed the “7” button, breathed deeply, and slowed his heart rate.
The doors opened and Karl Remons emerged.
He had transformed himself, now outwardly looking like the confident leader of the free world, ready to handle even the most unimaginable event.  He walked slowly and deliberately to Bill’s office, opened the doors, and walked inside.  His presence commanded the room.
Albert was sitting on a sofa.  The two guards, one on each side of Albert, were also sitting.
The two combatants locked eyes.  Remons said nothing.  Albert said even less.
Remons walked over.  He slowly sat down in the chair directly facing Albert.  They both continued glaring in silence.
Remons broke the silent power game, saying, “Mr. Pabek.  As you have come to learn, I am in complete control of your fate.  It is unfortunate you chose to ignore my eleventh hour pardon last night.”
Albert looked at Remons with disinterest.
Remons pressing on, said, “The kamikaze run at my ship today was stupid.  It was a death wish.  And, I will grant your wish.”
Albert’s expression had not changed.  He still said nothing.
“The explosion was an even more stupid idea…”
Albert smiled.  Not a small, discrete smile.  It was a wide, full-face smile.  “That wasn’t me.  I would like to shake the hand of the person responsible.  I would like to take credit, but it seems you have enemies much smarter than me.  It was an act of brilliance.  I only wish it had sunk your shitty boat.”
Remons stood up, leaned over the table, and yelled closely in Albert’s face.  “Shut up, asshole!  I know you did it!”
Albert smiled, “I wish.  However, you wish - even more - that I were responsible.  If I did it, you would no longer be scared.  However, you know the truth.  You’re screwed, Remons.  Someone much bigger than me is out to kill you.”
Remons stood again, this time stepping over the coffee table separating them.  He punched Albert in the head.  Albert jumped up, but the guards grabbed him, and quickly yanked him back on the sofa.
“You’re a chickenshit, Remons.  And, you know it.”  Albert’s temple was bleeding from Remons’ fist hitting his head.
Remons sat back down.  Now, he was off his game.  Pabek’s words had gotten inside his head.  Pabek was small potatoes.  He was just some troublemaker that was envious of him and Remons Global, just like thousands of people in the world.  He didn’t really care why, at least not at the moment.  The unknown caller would soon be visiting Plant 1.
Albert could see the gears spinning in Remons’ head.  Now was his chance.  He said, “Karl—”
Remons jumped up and leaned over the table, yelling, “DO NOT CALL ME KARL!”
The guards were stunned by Remons’ booming loud voice, and they had spent years listening to the man and his verbal assaults.
Albert started over - in a derisive and meek voice.  “Mr. Remons, sir.  Sir, it seems your international banking friends…  Well, sir, it seems they are not happy.  Correct?  Sir, Mr. Remons, sir?”
“Pabek!  What the hell do you know about that?”
Albert turned off the meek voice.  “Like I said, Karl, you are fucked!  Now let me go.  NOW!”
Remons was laughing.  Nevertheless, it was a nervous laugh.  He was desperately trying to save face with his men.  He kept laughing and laughing.  It was uncomfortable for everyone in the room.  It was like Remons had left the room, only leaving behind an endlessly looped laugh soundtrack.
Finally, he stopped laughing and looked at one of the guards.  “Take this asshole back to The Owner.  When you get there, kick him off the ship.”
The guard, puzzled, looked at Remons.  However, he did not question his command.
In a threatening, quiet voice, Remons said, “Mr. Pabek, you are like a little mouse, and I am the cat.  One of these hours, not days mind you, I’m going to bite your head off.  I will eat your head, then I will suck out your insides through my teeth.”
He continued, “There’s no where on this earth to hide from me.  Leave tonight.  Don’t leave tonight.  I do not care.  You are just my helpless prey.  I will catch you, again.  Maybe, even two, or three more times.  Then, I will tire of you, my little toy.  Remember that.”
Remons nodded.  The goons lifted Albert from the couch.  Remons punched him harder this time, right in the abdomen.  Albert was hurting from this one.  He couldn’t get any words out.
“Speechless now, aren’t you, asshole?”  Then, looking at the guards, he said, “Get him out of here.”  Remons began to laugh, again.  The goons and Albert could still hear Remons laughing, even after the elevator doors were closed.
On the roof, they walked to the helicopter.  Albert was tossed in the cabin.  One of the goons spoke to Max.  Max climbed in the cockpit, started the helicopter, and the four of them departed Plant 1 in the Sikorsky.
In route to The Owner, Max pressed the intercom button.  “Gentlemen.  I have to refuel the helicopter.  I will let you out on the deck of The Owner, but I’m not staying.”
A guard pressed the intercom button.  “Whatever.  Just be ready to pick up Remons.  He will probably leave the Porsche at Plant 1.”
A few minutes later, Max set the helicopter softly on The Owner.  Everyone climbed out of the cabin.  When they were clear of the helicopter, Max lifted off again, setting a path for the Oakland Airport.
One of the goons pushed Albert down the public aft staircase.  Eventually, they reached the port side gangway.  He shoved Albert, hard.  Albert fell down the gangway ramp.
“Go away, Mr. Pabek,” Then, the thugs turned around and walked back aboard The Owner.
Albert slowly stood up.  He made his way off the private pier and found a nearby bench along The Embarcadero.  Now, he was really mad.  Earlier, the situation had been dire.  He had been worried and scared.  He had been near certain death.  Now, the worry and fear had festered.  They had festered into absolute and pure rage.
He pulled himself off the bench.  His head and ribs hurt.  Slower than usual, he walked along The Embarcadero.  Mercifully, Remons’ thugs had not taken his phone or wallet.  He pulled out the phone to call Lawrence.
When Lawrence answered, Albert said, “Where are you?”
“Albert!  You sly devil.  Already out of the quandary?  I didn’t even get to help.”  Albert was laughing.  Lawrence was a forever friend.  He made Albert remember their childhood and an easier time in life.
Albert said, “I thought you were smarter than me?  Next time, you better work faster.”
Now Lawrence was chuckling at him.  “Come on over to the gas dock.  Your friend, James, and I, have just finished our dinner.  I’ll have him cook something up for you.”
Albert breathed a sigh of relief.  If Lawrence had James, then there was still hope for a favorable outcome.
He jogged the remaining distance, reaching the gas dock in five minutes.
Arriving at the gas dock, he found the police tape, chalk line, and the plywood over one of the doors.  Albert noticed the remaining functional door was not lockable.  He pushed the door open, walked in, and closed the door behind him.  Lawrence and James were sitting in two chairs.  Each had a beer in their hand.
“James, you stupid son of a bitch.”
“Cool down there, Captain!  Just doin’ my job.”
“I trusted you.”
Looking at Lawrence, Albert said, “What do we do with him?  We can’t let him go.”
Lawrence replied, “I don’t know yet.  We will figure something out.”
“You guys should just let me go.  Remons is going to kill you.  No sense in me dying too.”
Albert had to know.  “Why?  Why are you hooked up with Remons?”
“No choice, Captain.  Like, I said.  I’ve lived without, before.  I took a couple of jobs, back a few years ago.  Nothing too big.  Then, I was stuck.  They kept giving me bigger jobs.  It was real clear.  Refusing was the same thing as dying.”
“One of my jobs is keeping an eye on the happenings around here.  You showing up yesterday morning, in that fancy ship, well…  Anyway, I had to check you out.  Remons is really a paranoid dude.  When he heard you were asking questions about The Owner…  Well, you just shouldn’t be poking around here.  This is his turf.”
Albert stopped James’ story.  He asked, “What questions was I asking about The Owner?”
James smiled.  “Captain, there are no secrets on these docks.  You asked Veronica yesterday morning.”
Albert was pissed.  He could not believe Veronica was part of this mess.  He asked, “Why did Veronica tell you?  Why does she care?”
Now, James was laughing.  “Don’t be silly, Captain.  Veronica told Elizabeth.  Elizabeth told me.  She was doing me a favor – trying to help get me back in the good graces of Remons.  I called my buddies and they came down to Dock 14 to talk to you.”
Albert nodded his head.  Now, things were becoming clearer.
James said, “So anyway, I suggest you two guys get on Teleport.  Get the hell out of here.  I’ll stay right here.  All night.  Won’t have to report you gone, until tomorrow morning, anyway.  Captain, that ship of yours is something special.  I’m guessing you could be in Mexico by dawn, as fast as it can move.  Where’d you get a ship like that?”
Albert had had enough.  “Shut up, James.”
“No worries, Captain.  Just tryin’ to help you out of this predicament.”
Now James started fishing.  Albert had painfully realized James was good at playing the dumb, down-on-your-luck act.  He wasn’t super smart, but James was far keener than the act he put on.  “Captain?  I gotta know.  So how did you make that explosion on The Owner?”
Albert smiled, “Like I said earlier, it wasn’t me.  Remons is in deep shit with some nasty people.  You know that.  I’m guessing he, and maybe you, and some of the other thugs, will eventually get offered an opportunity for a one-way trip out to sea.”
“Come on, Captain.  Gee, whiz.  I know it was you.  Had to be.”
“James, you think what you need to, in order to make all this craziness sensible in your little head.”
“Captain, I’ll tell you a secret, if you tell me the truth about the explosion.”
Albert asked, “What’s your secret?”
James leaned back, smiling.  He said, “You know the guy that mugged you?  When you ended up in the water?  Well, that was me.  I hit you with a baseball bat.  Kinda ironic, huh?  Me and you went to a baseball game, and I clobbered you with a baseball bat.”
Albert shook his head.  “You are a dumbass, aren’t you?  It was more important to your ego to brag about that, rather than begging for you life or trying to rationalize with me.  That’s just plain stupid, James.”
James was staring out a window, seeming to ignore Albert’s lecture.
Albert asked, “So, why did you shoot Remons’ guy with my gun last night?”
James smiled, again leaned back in his chair, and laughed.  “Oh, yeah!  That’s a good one.  I didn’t like him.  He always gave me the shit jobs to do.  Always disrespecting me, and all.  He came by last night, probably wanted me to do something demeaning.  I had the gun in my hand.  And, I thought, ‘what the hell?’  I dropped him.  Bam!”
There was a pause.  James said nothing more.
Albert said, “That’s it?  No provocation?”
“Yep, just like that.  Bam!”
Albert continued the questioning.  “So, this morning?  Why were you running from Remons’ goons?”
Still smiling, James said, “You’re funny, Captain.  Don’t you get it?  I’m one of Remons’ goons, too.  It's ironic, ain't it?”
“That’s disappointing, James.  You are a loser.  That’s what you are.”
“Whoa there, Captain.  No sense bein’ rude about it.”
James continued, “Anyway, that was all an act, just for your benefit.  My job was to get on your ship.  Find out what was on there.  Sure, I was in trouble for capping that dude.  But it’s easy to fix bad things I do, just by doing something important for Remons.”
Albert now understood.  “So, it was just a ploy to get away from the dock, and let you snoop around?  That’s it?”
“Sure, Captain.  I didn’t know you would end up taking me out for a day at sea.  Or, that we would be chasing down The Owner.”
“So earlier today, why were you holding my gun on the bridge?  I almost jumped you.”
“Captain?  Come on?  I had to have a little fun.  You should have seen the look on your face.  It was just like the look on Eric’s face, last night.”
“Eric?”
“Oh, sorry.  The dude I shot.  We’d known each other for five years.  Glad I don’t have to know him anymore.”
Lawrence looked at Albert, saying, “What are we doing?  Time is wasting.”

Chapter 45
Remons was seated at Bill Shefford’s desk.  He was slowly rotating the chair in a circle.  Just waiting.  Waiting for the unknown caller to arrive.  The private numbered phone sat on the desk.  Remons was holding the public numbered phone.  He pressed “Elizabeth” on the speed dial list.
“Yes, Mr. Remons?”
“Where are you?”
“I’m at home, sir.  What can I help you with?”
“We are sailing at six, tomorrow morning.  I want you back on The Owner.”
He heard her sighing.  That pissed him off.  “Elizabeth!  Do you like your job?”
“Yes, sir.  I’m sorry sir.  I’ll be there.”
“You will only be there to work.  Understand?  I’m getting bored with you, this weekend anyway.  Get one of the girls from the service.”
Now, he could hear her voice perking up.  “Which one, sir?”
“I don’t care, but not the ugly one from last time.”
“Yes, sir.  I’ll take care of it.”
He hung up on Elizabeth.  There were no final pleasantries.  It was rare for Remons to close out a conversation properly.  That is, unless he was working to charm someone, for something.
Remons returned to his slow spin of the chair.  Waiting.  Waiting.
He stood up and walked over to The Board.  Plant 37 and Plant 114 were still red.  Plant 37 read, ‘All Destroyer inventory is scrap.  World Auto legally in control.’  Plant 114 read, ‘Labor unrest continuing.  Remons Rescue team in place.  Recovery uncertain.’
He went back to Bill’s chair, sat down again, and continued spinning in circles.
Remons picked up the public numbered phone.  He called Bill Shefford.
“Mr. Remons?”
“Bill.  What’s happening?  I need an update.”
“Just a moment, Mr. Remons.”
It was after midnight in Michigan.  Bill had just fallen asleep in his hotel.  Earlier in the evening, he had called the crew of Air Two, telling them to get hotel rooms.  They were staying the night in Michigan.  He subsequently went out, eating and drinking with Malete and his lieutenants.
“Sir.  I’m sorry.  I was asleep.”
“Hurry and wake up.  I don’t have all night.”
“Sir, like I said earlier.  World Auto has legal control of Plant 37.  I don’t have a solution.  I’ll work on Malete tomorrow.  However, the president of World Auto will be here.  I don’t know how much power Malete will have, once the president arrives.”
“I don’t want excuses!”
“No excuses, sir.  My strategy is amputation.  I’m going to give them Plant 37.  No legal fights.  That will save them a ton of legal expense.”  He continued, “Amputating Plant 37 will, hopefully, be sufficient to save Remons Global.”
Remons said, “Just do it.  Do not fail me!”  Then, he hung up on Bill.
Bill’s phone read Call Ended.  He shrugged his shoulders and went back to bed.  Sunday in Michigan was going to be tough.  He needed plenty of rest, in order to negotiate clear-headed with World Auto’s president.
Remons returned to spinning.  Slowly, he rotated the chair.  He watched the second hand on the wall clock, and attempted a game of slowing the rotation of the chair to one revolution every seven seconds.
Suddenly, he exploded.  Standing up, he picked up the chair and tossed it through the windows overlooking the factory.  He watched the chair, as it slammed into the ground nearly one hundred feet below.  Fortunately, no one was nearby.  There were no injuries.
Remons screamed, “Where are you?  You son of a bitch!  Who the hell are you?  I’m Karl Remons!  Not some stooge!”
He was pacing around the office, ranting, with no one there to listen.  His private numbered phone began to vibrate on the desk.  Remons ran to it and answered it quickly.
“What!”
“Mr. Remons, there is no need for so much rage.”
“Where are you?”
“I’m going to be late.”
“Who the fuck do you think you are?”
“Mr. Remons,” the voice said calmly.  “You could have hurt someone with that chair.”
Remons panicked.  He looked all around the room.  He glanced at the ceiling.  There were windows everywhere.  This person could be anywhere.  Anywhere ready to shoot him, assuming the guy had a gun.  How did he get through security?
“Where are you at?”  Remons said quietly.
“I told you already.  I will be late.  It will be past your bedtime.  We should plan to meet tomorrow.”
“WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?”
“Stop yelling, Mr. Remons.  It’s not acceptable to us.”
“Us?  What do you want?”
“We can meet tomorrow at noon.  On The Owner.”
Remons was trying to take control.  “Not tomorrow.  I’m out of town.  On The Owner.”
“No, Mr. Remons.  You are not sailing in the morning at 6:00 AM.  You will keep The Owner at the dock.  Is that understood?”
“I will not—”
“Mr. Remons.  Do not test our patience.  It will not be in your favor.”
“I must leave—”
“Mr. Remons, I know about your illegal offshore business activities.  You will not be doing business tomorrow.”
“My business is my business.  I’ll do what I want!”
Remons public numbered phone was buzzing.
“Please look at the pictures that just arrived on your other mobile phone.”
Remons went pale.  Who were these people?  He picked up the phone in his other hand.  There were three pictures in the Text Message folder.  He scrolled through each picture slowly, falling to the carpeted floor as he studied them.
The voice said, “Recognize anything?”
Remons tried bluffing.  “I don’t know what these pictures have to do with me.  What are they?”
“Mr. Remons.  Don’t be shy.  Take your credit for a job well done.”
Still bluffing, he said, “Can’t help you.  Don’t know what I’m looking at.”
“The remaining parts of the bomb you used in 1996 – when you killed your partners.  Remember?  It seems the pictures were collecting dust in the NTSB files.  Do you remember a man named Paul Douglas?  Mr. Douglas died a few years back.  His widow found a large box full of papers.  Unfortunately for you, Mr. Douglas kept the evidence.  He did not destroy it.”  Then the caller asked a rhetorical question.  “Is it ethical to request a refund for a bribe?”
Remons was silent.  He was now lying on his back and staring at the ceiling.  Everything the caller said was true.  Paul Douglas was the lead investigator for the crash.  He had himself assigned to the crash – almost before it even happened.  He and Remons had an arrangement.
The caller continued, “So, I will reiterate.  No trips on The Owner tomorrow.  If you want to process all of those illegal transactions, while sitting on United States soil, then knock yourself out.  Probably not a good idea, though.”
Remons was silent.
“Mr. Remons?”
“I understand.  I will see you at noon tomorrow.  On The Owner.”
The phone went dead.
Remons called Elizabeth again.
“Yes, sir.”
“Get the helicopter to Plant 1.  I want to go back to The Owner.”
“He’s at the Oakland Airport, right now.  Just finished refueling.  He can probably be there in ten minutes.”
“Good.  Tell him to hurry.  Also, forget about the girl for in the morning.  And, I don’t need you on the ship, either.  We aren’t sailing until later in the day.  Probably leave in late afternoon.”
“Sir?”  Elizabeth knew Remons needed to get The Owner out beyond the 24-mile line.
“Don’t question me!”
“Yes, sir.  Sorry, Mr. Remons.”
“Call the executives.  Tell them to stay in their offices all night.  They should await further instructions.  Tentative departure time is 3:00 PM tomorrow.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Where’s the helicopter?”
“Sir, he texted a moment ago.  He should be landing in five minutes.”
“Thank you.  We will talk tomorrow.”
Remons hung up the phone, not letting her say goodbye.  He picked up his phones and walked to the elevator.  He pressed the “H” button.  As the doors opened on the roof, he could see the helicopter approaching.
Max completed the landing.  Fortunately, for Max anyway, Remons opened his own door and climbed aboard.
Remons pressed the intercom.  “Take me to The Owner.  I’m exhausted and turning in for the night.  You will be staying another night on the ship, just in case I need you.”
“Yes, sir,” Max replied, and turned off the intercom.
The helicopter lifted off and began to cross the bay.  Remons had downed one full glass of bourbon, and half of a second glass, by the time they landed.  It had been less than ten minutes.

Chapter 46
It was 9:47 PM, on the day after the first day of summer.
James was sitting in the corner on the hard wooden floor.  He was staring at the Captain and his friend.  Albert and Lawrence weren’t much more comfortable.  They were sitting in collapsible chairs; the type carried over the shoulder to outdoor activities, like kid’s soccer games or a concert in the park.
Lawrence said, “Let’s tie the kid up.  We can put him on Teleport.  Stick him in the garage with the tender.”
“I don’t like that idea.  He could get loose or make some noise.  Besides, I don’t want him on my ship again.  He’s a weasel.  That’s my new rule.  No weasels allowed on Teleport.”
“Well, we can’t involve those two women.  That Elizabeth is something else.  What a bitch!  Her sister has no idea about the double life that crazy woman lives.”
James sneered at them.  “Elizabeth is a good person.  You just have to know her.”
Albert kicked James’ shin.  “That reminds me, James.  You knew Elizabeth for the person she is.  Yet, you hit on Veronica and tell her nothing about her sister?  You’re as bad as Remons.”
“Naw, Captain.  Nobody is as bad as Remons.  I’ve never said anything to Veronica, just because it would make her feel bad.”
Lawrence was losing patience.  “Let's just kill him.  No loose ends.”
James’ eyes widened and his face turned white.  Albert said nothing.  The three sat quietly, staring at each other.  In the distance, the trio heard a helicopter.
“Watch him close,” Albert said, walking out the door.  He kept walking down the pier until he could see The Owner.  The helicopter was landing.  It was too far away to know if Remons was onboard.
He went back in the gas dock store.  He closed the doors, and said, “The helicopter is back.  I’m not sure what Remons is thinking, right now.”  Albert sat back down, and said, “Here’s my idea.  It’s time to head back to Teleport.  We need to get some sleep.  As much as I don’t want James on my ship again, I even more so want some decent rest.  Lawrence, you and I can take turns.  One sleeping and one watching the dumbass.”
“Okay, let’s go,” Lawrence was in favor of sleep.  “Get up, dumbass.”
It was dark outside.  The group made the trip to Teleport, without any trouble.  Once onboard, Albert unlocked the starboard bridge door and led James down the forward companionway stairs.
There was a compression post on the end of the countertop separating the galley and the salon.  The post ran vertically, from a solid point underneath the floor up to the cabin’s ceiling.
Albert removed a roll of duct tape from a galley cabinet.  He backed James against the compression post, pulling James’ arms around either side of it.  Then he taped together the kid’s wrists.  James was now firmly tied to the post, with his hands behind his back.
“Gee, Captain.  Is this really necessary?”
Albert ignored James.  He was through listening to him.  The dumbass was the enemy.  Nothing else.
Albert said to Lawrence, “You sleep first.  I’ll watch the ship, our prisoner, and The Owner.  On your watch, wake me up immediately, if you see Remons’ ship moving.”
Lawrence smiled at him, saying, “Really?  You had to specifically tell me that?”
“Sorry.  I forget who I’m dealing with.”
“Hey, dumbass,” Lawrence said, looking at James.  “You cause me any trouble and I’ll shoot you between the eyes.  I’m not as particular as Albert about this ship.”
James stared, saying nothing.
Albert said, “You bloody up my ship, and you get to clean it up.  Also, please shoot above the waterline.  No sense for Teleport to spring a leak.”
Lawrence walked through the galley, along the forward passageway, and to an extra bunk in the forepeak.  He knew his way around Teleport.  He helped build her.  His hands were responsible for most of the beautiful interior woodwork.  Two minutes after his head touched the pillow, Lawrence was snoring loudly.
Albert climbed the forward companionway.  He checked the bridge doors, making sure they were fully latched.  He descended the stairs and returned to the salon.  Albert sat in his own comfortable chair, putting up his feet.  He picked up an electronic tablet.  He tested the alarm systems – everything was green.  Then, he reviewed the images from each of the outside cameras.
He placed the tablet on a side table and picked up the semi-automatic gun.  He inspected the gun and stared intermittently at James.  Finally, Albert placed the gun across his chest, cradling it like a newborn baby.
James was sitting on the floor, hands still pulled behind his back.  He started moaning about the lack of comfort.
“Shut up, James.  I’ll shoot you myself, if you don’t shut up and go to sleep.”
Albert watched James, as his thoughts went to Veronica and Elizabeth.  He could not reconcile Elizabeth’s strange behavior.  She seemed to be living two different lives.  He was unsure which person was the real Elizabeth.  But, he knew that tomorrow, regardless of any uncertainty, he would have to decide.  He would have to pick a personality for her, and then he would have to respond accordingly.

Chapter 47
It was 5:39 AM, on the day after, the day after the first day of summer.
Albert was awake, resting quietly in his comfortable bed aboard Teleport.  His cabin door was open.  It faced the starboard side forward passageway, and the galley was partially in view.  Lying on his back, he gazed out the large hatch, mounted on the ceiling above him in the cabin.  A few moments earlier, he had opened the hatch, allowing fresh morning breezes to flow in the cabin.  Shards of daylight were beginning to show in the sky above his window.
This morning was Albert’s third day in San Francisco.  It was Sunday, usually a day of rest.  But, not for Albert, Lawrence, or Karl Remons.  He breathed in deeply, exhaling slowly.  Sitting up, Albert flipped his legs out of the berth and stood up in his cabin.
Albert designed Teleport to fit his needs and his dimensions.  Usually, sailing vessels place the owners’ cabin in the forward portion of the ship.  Geometrically, the ship tapers toward the bow, resulting in most of these cabins featuring a slightly inconvenient and highly uncomfortable ceiling height.  The yacht owners learn all too late the discomforts of a short ceiling.
Teleport was different.  Albert had a clear vision for his cabin, having spent many years climbing in and out of the cramped bunks aboard Paradise Winds.  The lowest point of the cabin ceiling in his private cabin was six feet and eight inches from the cabin sole, or the floor of the room.  At six feet and one inches in height, Albert had no difficulty standing and moving around the room.  He had solved the geometry problem, quite simply.  Upon entering his cabin, there were two small steps, leading down to a modified cabin sole.  He designed the room with a lowered floor.  It was ten inches lower than the forward passageway, the other forward berth, and the head.  The only other room with lower subfloor was the hidden office - its floor was fourteen inches lower.
Albert walked to the head.  The water temperature monitor indicated sixty degrees.  He griped quietly to himself for having forgot to turn on the water heater overnight.  It was an inconvenience, now.  More importantly, it had been inconsiderate to his friend, who probably wanted a hot shower.
He left the head, walked down the passageway, into the galley, and to the switch panel.  He turned on the water heater.  He also made a mental note – add a secondary water heater switch nearer to the shower.
Lawrence was lying on the built in combination sofa seat and pilot berth.  He was awake, but his eyes looked a little glazed as they stared at James.  The kid was still tied to the compression post.  He was slumped over and snoring.
Albert simply waved at Lawrence.  Then, he returned to the head.  He washed his face with soap and cold water.  He brushed his teeth, and then tried combing his hair.  Bad hair days didn’t bother him much.  He massaged some shaving cream on his face, shaved it smooth, and rinsed again with cold water.  Finished, at least for now, Albert stepped out of the head, ducked back into his cabin to grab a baseball cap, and finally walked, for the second time, back to the galley and salon.
 Lawrence was sitting up now, rubbing his face.  “Morning.  Get any sleep?”
“Some.  After you took over the watch at two, I probably laid there, with my mind racing, until nearly three.  I must have crashed hard, though.  Didn’t wake up ‘til five thirty.”
There was a half full pot of coffee remaining.
“Is that fresh?  When did you make it?”
Lawrence smiled.  Albert’s quirks were well known to him.  He did not share Albert’s obsession about fresh, good coffee.  “I just poured some water through the old grounds; the ones you left behind.”
“Damn, Lawrence!  How can you drink that shit?”
“Don’t know.  I guess my manly taste buds are different than your sissified ones.”
Albert ignored his best friend’s smartass comment.  “I’m going over to Veronica’s.  I will get us some fresh coffee.  Anyway, I need to see if she will share any information about Elizabeth, that crazy woman with the twin personality.”
“Be careful.  You’ve already been deceived by this flunky,” he said, while pointing at the still snoring James.
Albert sighed, “Point noted.  I’ll be back in a little while.  Call if you need anything.”
Albert stood up, walked to the forward companionway, climbed the stairs, and stepped on the bridge.  He slowly scanned the area outside through the bridge windows.  All was quiet.  He reached for the starboard side door, but remembered he was missing the Ruger SR9c.
Back down the companionway stairs he went.  “Where’s my gun?”
Lawrence was still sitting on the couch, trying to stay awake.  He reached behind and pulled the gun from a shelf near his head.  “Here you go.”
Albert looked at the semi-automatic rifle, lying quietly beside Lawrence on the sofa.  “Please, please.  Don’t blast a bunch of holes in the hull.  Remember, that trigger is sensitive.  If you kill him, just pull the trigger one time.  Please?”
Lawrence smiled at him.  “Why are you worrying about me?”
Albert had reason to worry.  In their youth, Lawrence taught Albert most everything about guns.  Back then, it was not unusual for the pair to spend hours shooting.  They would go to a gun range occasionally.  Most often, though, they went out to one of a dozen isolated farms near their Michigan homes.  Within five minutes of setting out the cans for targets, Lawrence would have emptied hundreds of rounds.  He loved the sounds and feelings of rapidly fired guns.
Albert said again, for reinforcement, “Just one shot.”
Lawrence smiled.  “Don’t worry.  I won’t destroy Teleport while you’re gone.  Now, go get your girlie coffee.”
Albert stuffed the pistol in his belt, pulling his jacket over the top.  He climbed the companionway stairs.  He stood quietly on the bridge, scanning the surroundings, again.  Satisfied no immediate threats loomed, he unlocked the starboard bridge door, slid it open, stepped up on the deck, and slid the door closed behind him.  He set the locks.  Then, he stepped down to the wooden dock.  The old, warped boards along the dock were damp; the overnight temperatures allowing moisture in the air to have condensed on them.
Albert walked along the dock and slowly made his way to the security gate.  He opened the gate, stepped through, and locked it closed behind him.  Briskly, but very aware of his surroundings, he moved through the isolated area and quickly reached a more publicly traveled portion of the pier.
Now out of the isolated shadows, he strolled confidently around the consumer focused shopping area.  He could see Veronica brewing coffee for three additional early risers.  It was Sunday.  He guessed it to be her slowest day of the week.  Most people slept late, didn’t work, and skipped the Dad’s Coffee & More routine for the day.
Albert walked into the store.  It smelled heavenly.
“You’re safe!”  She screamed, running from behind the counter, and leaving two customers waiting.  She hugged Albert.  “I was so worried about you.  I didn’t sleep all night!”
“I’m doing fine.  Uh...your other customers appear a little upset?”
“Sorry, folks.  Just a moment.”  She looked back at Albert.  “You have to tell me everything.  I’ll bring you some coffee in a jiffy.”
Albert walked outside and took his seat; the one at the same table from the previous two days.  He closely studied The Owner.  The helicopter didn’t appear to have moved overnight.  He guessed Remons’ cabin to be the large wraparound windows along the aft section.  It was not yet fully daylight.  Albert could tell the cabin was dark.  Remons was probably still asleep.
Around the upper deck, he noticed a couple of the guards slowly pacing the outer railing.  There were lights shining from the forward section of the ship on the deck below the upper deck.  He guessed this to be the galley and dining area; for the crew, not Remons.  He could occasionally see people walk past the window.
Veronica set the coffee cup in front of him.  She hugged him again, this time around the neck.  It was awkward; she was standing, and he was sitting.  Then, she sat down, in the chair closest to him, scooted it closer, and forced her hip against his leg.
“I’m so glad they didn’t harm you!  It has been terrible thinking about the danger you were in.  How did you get away?  What did they want with you?”
Albert smiled, and said, “Slow down.  They just wanted to chat.  We talked for a few hours.  Then Remons let me go.  We came to a mutual understanding – we don’t like each other.”
“Did you know Liz tried getting you off the ship?”
Albert lied, “No, I wasn’t aware of that.”  Then he drove the conversation a different direction.  “How long has Elizabeth worked for Remons?”
“Oh, probably seven or eight years now, best I recall.  Why?”
“Just curious.  Remons appears to be a difficult man to work for.”
“Albert, you don’t know the half of it.”  She began whispering, as if Remons had everything around them bugged.  She continued, “Elizabeth hates him.  He’s always making her work.  She does all kinds of horrible things for him.  Did you know she has to coordinate all of his prostitutes?  She says he always has one girl or another aboard The Owner.”
Now Albert was getting a clearer picture.  Veronica was unaware that Elizabeth was one of the prostitutes.  Elizabeth did have two different lives: one with Remons, and one with Veronica.
“So, why doesn’t she quit?”
“It’s complicated.  That’s what she says, anyway.  She makes a bunch of money.  Tons more than any other job would pay her.  I’ve told her it isn’t worth it.  Sometimes, she agrees.  Most of the time, though, she says Remons is very jealous when people try to quit.  She says she is worried that the sorry bastard won’t give her a good reference.  But, I know there is more to it.  She just won’t tell me.”
Albert smiled sympathetically, for Veronica, not Elizabeth.  There was no way that Veronica was bullshitting him.  She was clueless about just how deep her big sister was in it with Remons.  Elizabeth could only leave the job with Remons in one direction.  It was down.  Down beneath the soil.  In a box.  Dead.
“What are you two so quietly talking about?”  Elizabeth had walked up behind Albert and Veronica.
“Albert’s safe!”  Veronica said as she sprung from her seat to hug her sister.  Then, she said, “Added to your good news, and we have a new weather forecast – sunny skies with cotton ball clouds!”
Elizabeth grinned at Veronica.  A big, what-great-news kind of smile, almost like a newscaster commenting on some feel good story, while secretly wishing a plane would crash for some ‘real news’.  When Veronica wasn’t looking, Elizabeth smugly stared at Albert.
Looking at Veronica, Albert asked, “How much coffee did you drink this morning?”
Veronica laughed, “Just two cups, so far.  Remember – I love the mornings!”
Elizabeth sat down at the table.
Curious, Albert asked, “Elizabeth, so, tell me.  What’s your good news?”
Veronica excitedly answered.  “She doesn’t have to sail on Remons’ boat today.  Isn’t that great?  Anyway, I’ll get us all some more coffee.  Be right back!”
Albert kept his eyes on The Owner, ignoring Elizabeth’s glare.  “You’re a top notch bitch.”
“Fuck you, Albert.  I don’t know how you are even here this morning.”
“Smarter than you, apparently.  I was able to get out.  Why aren’t you on the boat?  You are still trapped by that thug.”
“Be quiet,” she whispered.  “Don’t get me upset.  Like I said before, leave Veronica out of it.  Remons isn’t sailing today.  Says he is staying in port.”
“I heard you are his CPC – Chief Prostitute Coordinator.  When he’s screwing you, do you get double time?  Since, technically you are working two jobs at the same time.”
Elizabeth leaned over, and said quietly, “Listen closely.  I do what I have to do.  It’s not your business.  It’s not Veronica’s business, either.  I do my best to protect her from all the evils of this shitty world.”
“Whatever you say, Ms. CPC.”
“Shut—”
Veronica was bouncing across the patio, three cups of coffee on the tray.  She sat down and passed around the drinks.  They sat in silence for a few minutes, each enjoying their coffee and thinking about different things.  Veronica was leaning against Albert.  Albert was staring at The Owner.  Elizabeth was staring into her coffee cup.
Albert finished his cup first.  “Girls, I have to get back to Teleport.  It’s Sunday.  I have a few ship chores to take care of.  Everyone thinks owning a sailboat is glamorous.  Truth is, it’s an endless list of housekeeping chores.”
He continued, “Veronica, can I get a triple espresso mocha latte to go?”
“Sure!  It’s on me.  I’ll be back in a sec.”  She ran off to the service counter.
Albert turned to Elizabeth.  “Listen, things will eventually get ugly with Remons.  You can straddle him all the way to prison, or you can climb down now and be part of the solution.  Frankly, I don’t care.  However, Veronica cares.  That’s what you need to think about.”
“You’re a dumbass.  Remons isn’t going anywhere.  He’s too powerful.”
Albert stood up and walked away, leaving Elizabeth almost in mid sentence.  He met Veronica coming out of the doors.
“Here you go.  You aren’t leaving today, are you?”
“No.  I’m here today.  Won’t leave until at least tomorrow.”
“Good.  See you soon!”  Caffeine charged, she bounced back over to Elizabeth’s table.
Albert retraced his steps from earlier, particularly being alert in the more isolated areas near the guest docks.  When he reached Teleport, he found the starboard side bridge door open.  Momentarily, he panicked.  Then, he saw Lawrence.
“Where’s James?”
Lawrence was sitting in the captain’s chair on the bridge.  “He’s right here,” Lawrence said, pointing at his own feet.  “I’m using him for a footrest.  How do you drive this thing with the seat up so tall?”
Albert climbed aboard Teleport.  James was flat on the floor beneath Lawrence.  His hands were now taped together in the front.
“The kid was begging to go pee.  Therefore, I untied him, retaped his hands in front, and hauled him up on the deck.  I figured you didn’t want him pissing around in the head.  I made him go out here on the deck.”
Lawrence started laughing.  Albert joined in; he wasn’t sure why.  However, Albert knew Lawrence, and there was more to the story.  He was saving the punch line for last.
Lawrence said, “I told him not a drip was allowed on Teleport…”  His laughing was getting more out of control.  “…And, if he ignored my requirement and was sloppy, he would have to lick the deck clean.”
They were both laughing.  James, the butt of the joke, was twisting around on the floor, underneath Lawrence’s feet.  He said, “You two aren’t as funny as you think.  I think you are just dumb old guys.”
“Shut up, James,” Albert said.  “You aren’t allowed to talk.  If you say anything else, I’ll make Lawrence pee on the deck.  And then, I’ll make you lick that up.”
Lawrence laughed so hard he fell out of the chair.  When he stood up, Albert handed him the coffee.  “I brought you a piping hot cup of black coffee.”
Lawrence took a big sip from the paper cup, and promptly yelled at Albert, “What the hell is this?”
“It’s a girlie drink.  I didn’t get around to drinking it.  Figured you would like it.”
Lawrence laughed at him.  “Fine, I’ll drink it.  What’s the plan?  Any ideas from Veronica?”
“No, she’s clueless.  Dumbass here,” he said pointing at James, “and that witch Elizabeth, they have Veronica completely in the dark.”
“Albert, we can’t drag James around with us all day—”
“I know.  We have to put him in the aft garage.  I don’t want to, but can’t think of anything else.  Except for your idea to kill him.  Let’s tie him up, both feet and hands, with tape over his mouth.  We’ll put him down inside the tender.  In addition, we have to tie his feet and arms down to the inflatable boat’s floor.  That way, he can’t kick the hull of Teleport and make noise.”
“Good idea, Albert.  If he decides to piss in there, he’ll be rolling around in it, but nothing will get messy.  Except for him.”
“Okay, it’s agreed.”

Chapter 48
Remons was asleep in the king sized bed, in his spacious aft suite aboard The Owner, overlooking San Francisco Bay.
“Sir, please wake up.”  One of the attendants was near his bedside, speaking softly.
“What?”  Remons blearily responded.
“Sir, it’s Mr. Shefford for you.  On the ship’s phone.”
“Get me some coffee,” Remons sat up in the bed.  The attendant fluffed and repositioned the pillows.  “Which line?”
“Two, sir.  Here’s your coffee.”  The attendant backed out of the room, closing the doors behind him.
Remons depressed the speakerphone button and pressed Line 2.  He took a sip from the coffee cup.  “Bill, you know it’s too early to be calling me.”
“Sorry.  It’s urgent.  Remember, I’m in Michigan.  It’s nearly 10:00 AM over here.”
“I know.  What’s the update?”
“World Auto’s president, Vol Santana, arrived this morning.  We are in trouble.”
Remons sighed deeply.
Bill continued, “Anyway, Santana is after the company.  He isn’t going to take just the automotive division.  He’s going after all of the divisions.  If we don’t fix this by Monday morning, it’s all over.”
“What are our attorneys saying?  Is there anything in the restrictive agreements?  Any loopholes or delay tactics?”
“Mr. Remons, I have the legal teams working on it, both automotive and group lawyers.  They’re drawing a blank.  We knew the risks when we signed the agreement.  It’s incredible to think the nastiest clauses in our contract are being activated by World Auto.”
“Bill, stop talking to me like a child.  I know this is ugly.  You don’t have to spell it out.”
“You are coming to Michigan this morning, correct?  I have the flight crew for Air One waiting at the airport for you, now.”
“I can’t.  We have a lot of shit happening in California.  If I don’t get this fixed here, World Auto won’t have anything to take away from Remons Global.  It will have already been snatched by the international people.”
Bill knew what Remons was saying.  He couldn’t elaborate any deeper.  It would be stupid for Bill to ask questions over the telephone.  “You are the boss, sir.  I will stay here in Michigan and tackle this problem with the most possible effort.”
Remons said, “I have to go.  Don’t let me down.  You know the consequences for you personally.  I have no losers on my team.  We both know where losers belong.”
Bill started to say something, but noticed Remons had disconnected the call.  He walked out of Zanyer’s old office and headed for the executive conference room - World Auto’s first outpost in their new empire.
The doors were open.  It was Sunday.  The only people around were the World Auto army, and current Remons Global employees – Mike, Ed, Ted, and Jonna.
“What time will Remons’ plane land?”
Bill glanced across the room.  The question had originated from Santana.  “He’s been detained unexpectedly in California, Mr. Santana.”
Santana rose to his feet.  “Detained had better mean he was arrested last night for a DUI and hasn’t been released from jail!”
“Sir, please sit down.”
Santana returned to his seat.  Seated on his left was Malete.  With the World Auto army now flanked around them, their total number was a blackjack; a perfect 21.
Bill sat down, saying, “Mr. Santana, Mr. Malete.  Karl Remons has been detained on other matters related to Remons Global.  I have been fully authorized by Mr. Remons, as the second highest-ranking officer in this company, to negotiate an acceptable solution between our companies.  Any agreement reached with me today will be fully enforceable in any court of law.”
Santana seemed to relax, just slightly.  He also seemed to smile.  Bill imagined the thoughts now running around in Santana’s head.  Probably thoughts of bulldozing over Bill quickly, then stealing away the entirety of Remons Global.  Bill wasn’t stupid, though.  He knew how to fight.  He had plenty of tricks - different tricks up different sleeves.  There was no way he would hand Remons Global to World Auto, ever.  If necessary, he would die fighting this battle.
-----
In California, Max was on the deck of The Owner.  He was strolling around the Sikorsky, admiring the beauty of her airframe.  She was an elegant and powerful machine; the best aircraft Max had ever flown.  He had been with her for six months now, defying the odds for a helicopter pilot in Remons Global.  Max was committed to the relationship with the Sikorsky.  He could not give her up, ever.  He would tolerate whatever crap dealt to him by Remons, or anyone else for that matter.  He and the Sikorsky were inseparable.
Max walked to the railing, along the upper deck and facing Pier Marina.  He could see Dad’s Coffee & More.  He noticed Elizabeth talking to Veronica.  Secretly, he hoped Elizabeth was returning to the ship today.  Most of the time, she was nice to him, and he enjoyed working with her.  He knew there was a decent person buried deep inside her.  She was a victim of Remons and his wrath.
Max could see the mast of Albert Pabek’s ship, standing above all the other vessels in the guest slips of Pier Marina.  He wondered if the ship was leaving today.  He also wondered if his ship, the Sikorsky, or Remons’ ship, The Owner, was leaving today.  The last he had heard, Remons wanted to sail at 6:00 AM.  That time had long since passed, and he knew enough to know Remons was never late on any of his plans.  Something had changed.  Max just didn’t know what.
Remons was sitting in his suite, also looking at Dad’s Coffee & More, Elizabeth, and Veronica.  He knew what had changed.  He knew why they weren’t sailing today at 6:00 AM, or at 12:00 PM.  They may not be able to sail at all today.  Remons shuddered at the thought.  He was facing two mortalities: Remons Global and Karl Remons.
Suddenly, another piece of expensive drink ware flew across the room and shattered on the other side of the suite.
“FUCK ALL OF YOU!  I’M KARL REMONS!”

Chapter 49
It was 7:03 AM, on the day after, the day after the first day of summer.
Albert and Lawrence had rid themselves of James, at least for a few hours.  James was tucked away in the aft garage on Teleport.  James wasn’t leaving anytime soon; his hands and feet were bound, his mouth was taped, and his body was strapped down to the floor of the RIB.
The childhood friends were walking slowly along The Embarcadero, in search of breakfast and plotting the day’s strategy.
Lawrence said, “How about this place?”
Albert looked over.  The restaurant was the kind open twenty fours every day, serving any meal desired at any time of day.  Every conceivable comfort food dish would probably be listed on the menu.  “Sure.  Are you still on that high starch, high fat diet; the one that will kill you soon?”
Lawrence slapped him on the back, “Albert, my health focused friend, you know I am.  Why change now?”
They walked into the restaurant.  The air was heavy with the smell of burned grease and other artery-clogging odors.  Like all law-abiding establishments in San Francisco, the restaurant did not permit smoking.  The smoking ban had been in place for several years, yet the restaurant still reeked with the smell of stale cigarettes.
The hostess advised there would be a few minutes wait for a table.  Albert was lost in his thoughts about human behavior and cigarette smoking.  He imagined a time in the future, maybe five hundred or a thousand years, long after the restaurant building was buried or destroyed in a natural disaster.  He thought of archaeologists discovering the ruins and spending thousands of hours analyzing the remains.
The scientists would draw extraordinary conclusions about the heavy concentration of tar and nicotine, interlaced with animal fats and other meat byproducts.  They might say it was some type of secret research lab, studying the effects of carcinogens on diseased animals, they themselves ravaged by some other unknown cause.
Lawrence said, “She said our table is ready.”
“Sorry.  I was daydreaming.  Let’s eat.”
The two sat in a booth, facing each other.  They both ordered coffee.
Albert asked, “So, what’s it going to be?  The ‘I Can’t Pick –Bring it All’?”
“You know me too well.  That’s my choice.”
The waitress arrived with the two cups of coffee, a carafe full of more coffee, and two glasses of water.  “You gentlemen ready to order?”  Her nametag read Rosa.
“Yes, we are,” Albert, said.  “I would like two eggs, over hard, sourdough toast, with sliced tomatoes.”
“Anything else, sir?”
“No, that’s all.  My friend here has a bigger order for you.”
The waitress looked at Lawrence.  “Sir?”
“Rosa, I would like the ‘I Can’t Pick’, please.  Allow me to explain why I am so hungry.  My friend here invited me to town.  I arrived yesterday evening.  He did not pick me up at the airport.  Then, he abandoned me for several hours, for what, I still don’t exactly know.  I was left to my own devices, having to choose my dinner alone, the options available being either a frozen burrito or a frozen hamburger.  So as you may now understand, I am most queasy and malnourished.”
Rosa looked at Lawrence sympathetically.  Then she turned to Albert.  “That was rude.  Is his story true?”
Albert smiled at Lawrence, and then looked at Rosa.  “His story is true.  I must be a terrible host.  Guess I have to pay, huh?”
Rosa laughed a little.  “I should say so.  You are the host.  I will get your orders in now.  It shouldn’t be too long.”
The waitress left.  Albert and Lawrence laughed a little and sipped their coffee.
“Seriously, Albert.  What are we doing today?”
“I’m not sure, yet.  Elizabeth did confirm Remons isn’t leaving the marina.  Says he will be on The Owner all day, though.”
“Do you believe her?”
“Yes, she wasn’t trying to deceive me.  It just slipped out, after I called her a bitch.”
“Wow.  Way to make friends.”
“We can talk our way back on to The Owner, then—”
“Here’s breakfast, boys.  For you Mr. Healthy Poor Host, I give you this small plate of food.  And for you, Mr. I Wish I Had a Better Friend, I serve you these three plates of heaping goodness.”
“Anything else I can get for you?”
Lawrence replied, “No, thank you.  This looks fantastic.”
The waitress left.
“So, you get back on the ship.  Then what are you going to do?  His patience will run out at some point.  You know the guy isn’t rational.  Then you end up dead.  What good is that?”
“I think we can manage him.  Last night, at Plant 1, I pushed him really hard.  I told him I knew about the international money laundering operations.  He was trying hard to push the harbor explosion on me.  I finally convinced him it wasn’t me.  That scared him even more.”
Lawrence was laughing.  “Albert, you haven’t even told me yet.  Did you get any video?  That must have been amazing to watch.”
Albert laughed.  “It was fun to watch.  Remember, James was onboard Teleport, too.  I didn’t get to enjoy it too much.  I had to be as shocked as James.  Between you and me though, that boat shook like a rowboat on Lake Erie in a big winter blow.  It was hilarious.”
They quieted down, just a little.  People were beginning to look suspiciously at them.
Albert continued thinking through his idea.  He finished eating, and then sat patiently as Lawrence finished off his three large plates.  They each poured a fresh cup of coffee, and the discussion continued.
Albert said, “Here’s what I want to do.  You are coming aboard The Owner with me.  I think we can pull this off.  If it works, there’s no way Remons is moving The Owner offshore tonight.  We just need to get through one more night.”
Lawrence stared into his coffee cup.  “If we are both on The Owner, we no longer have redundancy.”
“It’s worth the risk.  I’m reasonably sure I have Remons pegged.”
“Buddy, if anyone can peg Remons, it’s you.”

Chapter 50
Vol Santana, Doug Malete, and Bill Shefford were alone in the office previously belonging to Phillip Zanyer, sitting in three comfortable chairs, facing each other around a small coffee table.  They had left the other team members in the World Auto War Room.  It was a bright, sunny Sunday morning outside.  Inside, it was hot, semi-dark, and felt like a human pressure cooker, at least to Bill anyway.
“Bill, we are getting nowhere,” Malete was pleading for a concession.
“Mr. Malete,” Bill said, “I am negotiating in good faith.  Your points, and those of Mr. Santana, are understandable.  But, you must realize it is inconceivable for World Auto to believe we will simply hand you the keys to Remons Global.”
Santana jumped in.  “By tomorrow morning, I will have three federal courts issuing injunctions.  I want you to think.  Rationally.  There is a preponderance of evidence favoring our position.  Remons Global is in breech, on multiple levels, of the purchase contracts with us.  Remons Global will be unable to cure the breech within the contract terms.  It’s very simple, really.”
Malete piled on.  “You already have a new position secured with us.  So does Mike.  We need strong leaders like both of you in our operations.  It will be much easier for us to absorb Remons Global with your help.  Why fight it?  This is over.”
“Gentlemen, I hear your position.  Let’s think strategically.  Karl Remons will not go down without a fight.  You may get control of Remons Global, temporarily at least.  But, Remons will fight, until his death, to prevent the acquisition from fully being realized.”
Santana said, “Don’t do this.  You want to be on the winning team.  Right?  You and I both know what is stipulated in those contracts.  We have past precedent on our side.  The contracts are fully enforceable.  Remons Global won’t be the first to fail and be absorbed by World Auto.  It won’t be the last, either.”
“Yes,” Bill said with irritation, “I know what the documents say.  However, you know that, pragmatically speaking, the United States court system will drag this out for years.  You cannot reasonably think that, tomorrow morning, a group of judges will hand over Remons Global, a company more than two times the size of World Auto.  Over what?  A roof section for the Destroyer?  How many months of inventory are sitting on dealer lots.  Seventy-five days?  Eighty days?”
Malete knew where Bill was headed.  “Listen.  You guys can try that position.  What if we do have two or three months of Destroyer inventory?  Sure, we can afford a few days on the production side, without jeopardizing a shortage in the sales pipeline.  We still are able to show two things: Remons Global is in breech, and World Auto will lose millions to billions on the production side.”
He kept going, “The plant cannot sit idle.  It will destroy our profitability for the year.  Look at the human side, too.  We have 3,000 employees.  They are now on furlough.  They have been told not to report all week.  Just think how the media will be reacting to this?  Remons Global is the cause of 3,000 people losing their jobs for the week.  Remons Global already has a shitty reputation with the public.  This will be a media slaughter event.”
Bill Shefford was cornered.  He had been cornered since Friday night.  He had stalled the World Auto assault for two days, always anticipating Karl Remons to arrive, like a giant, fire breathing flying dragon, his flames quickly toasting all adversaries and his actions quickly returning Remons Global to business-as-usual.  It wasn’t happening this time.
“Gentlemen, I appreciate your candor and professional approach to this situation.  My team is doing all things possible to get the plant in production today.  It is highly unlikely this will occur.  The Mechanical room has been destroyed, and we have no means of moving the equipment and tooling.”
He was beginning to sound like a college football coach giving a last minute pep talk.
“However, we will do our best.  Our team will fight to get the press operational, until you walk in here with a federal court order, kicking us out.  I cannot…  I will not sign over Remons Global to you, as long as we have one more second to fight.”
Santana said, “Bill, I appreciate your tenacity and loyalty.  You will be an important part of my team at World Auto.  That is, tomorrow morning, when the buzzer sounds and the scoreboard shows a loss for Remons Global.”
They all stood up.  Malete looked at Santana.  Santana nodded to him.  Malete said, “Bill, the World Auto team is leaving Plant 37, but just for a few hours.  It’s Sunday.  We are going out for a long lunch.  Then, a few hours rest at the hotels.  We will give you some uninterrupted time with your team.”
“Thank you, Mr. Malete.”
Santana closed the conversation.  “We will be back at 6:00 PM.  There’s a lot to accomplish tonight.  Our merger and acquisition attorneys will arrive from New York this afternoon.  They will be here tonight, also.  For efficiencies’ sake, please get your attorneys here today.”
Bill sighed and gazed out a nearby window.  “I hope it becomes unnecessary - the attorneys.  However, I will have them brought in for tonight’s discussions.”
Santana smiled at Bill, like a mother smiles at a child about to watch his pet put down.  They walked out of the room, leaving Bill to prepare his last efforts to save Remons Global.
Bill left the office and headed for the production floor.  Plant 37 was like most manufacturing facilities around the world.  There were two distinct sections to the building.  The facility was like fraternal twin children, conjoined at the chest and sharing a single heart.  It was an inoperable condition.
One of the twins was the white collar, offices portion of the building, along with its white-collar staff of mostly educated, upwardly mobile focused employees.  This group included many disciplines, like design engineering, purchasing, supply chain, accounting, finance, sales, human resources, manufacturing engineering, marketing, quality assurance, and information systems.  Some of the employees in the white-collar group originated from the blue-collar group, or shop floor.  Most, though, followed the traditional career path: high school graduation, to college graduation, to cubicle worker with specialty, and hopefully to manager, with an office, managing cubicle workers with specialties.
The other of the twins was the blue-collar, manufacturing portion of the building, along with its blue-collar staff of factory workers, mostly focused on earning a living wage to support their families.  This included groups of employees, like production, maintenance, quality control, shipping, receiving, inventory control, and facilities.
The twins needed each other.  However, for the most part, few of the blue-collar associated with the white-collar, and vice-versa, on a personal level.
Bill stepped into the transitioning foyer, the umbilical linking the two conjoined twins.  The foyer was expansive and impressive.  It was a stark contrast to the low ceilings and muted tones of the office building.  The walls towered more than twenty feet in the air, reaching the manufacturing building roofline.
Plastered around the room were charts and graphs, impressive and intimidating at the same time.  There were slogans about ‘teamwork’ and ‘all for one, one for all’ and ‘total quality management’ and ‘perfect quality is the only option’.
Another wall had pictures of smiling factory workers, with signs reading ‘Kaizen Challenge Winners’ or ‘No lost time accidents in 2012’.  There was a large, wooden framed, and incased in glass, bird’s eye drawing of the plant, showing at a high level the different production areas in the facility.
The white-collar staff members, just like all other Remons Global plants, argued the impressive foyer was a motivator for the blue-collar staff.  They argued it made them proud of Plant 37 and their individual efforts.
The blue-collar staff members, however, had a different outlook.  The expensive, impressive foyer served two purposes only: impress customers with bullshit, and enforce the separation between the office and the plant.
Bill knew the blue-collar staff was correct.
He passed through the foyer and out the double glass doors into the factory.  Plant 37 was a stamping plant, producing all types of complicated steel fabrications for all of the major car manufacturers.
The plant was one of the largest in the Remons Global portfolio, both in terms of revenue and square footage.  At over one million square feet, most plant management activities necessitated travel in an electric golf cart.  Otherwise, the managers spent the day running from hot issue to hot issue, rather than resolving the problems.
Bill wandered on foot around the manufacturing floor.  As he turned on one of the main aisles, he noticed Mike in the distance.  He yelled and waved at him.  They both walked toward each other, finally closing the gap that separated them.
Mike asked, “Where’s your shadow?”  He was referring to Malete and Santana.
“They left, along with the other members of the World Auto army.  We are finished and they know it.  They said they were giving us some space to work on finding a miracle solution.  I think they are headed to a golf course.  Probably spend the day golfing on our dime and laughing about their newest acquisition, Remons Global.”
Bill was rubbing his head and staring at the floor.
Mike said, “What are we going to do?”
“I’m not sure,” Bill said.  “Don’t worry, I heard they offered you a job.”
“What about you?”
“Yeah, Santana offered me one, too.  That doesn’t change anything.  We are obligated to fight for Remons Global, regardless of what we know the outcome will be.  Agreed?”
“Yes, I agree.”
“So, what’s the update from your guys on the mechanical systems?”
“Not much progress, yet.  We have located a couple of boilers capable of supporting the plant.  They are half dismantled and rusting in a derelict plant up in Flint.  It’s owned by one of the private equity groups.  They are ready to sell it, for a ridiculous price, knowing how bad we need the boilers.”
“Buy them.  When can you get the units loaded and brought over here?”
“I already have the purchasing guys working on the final agreement.  The private equity group is selling the boilers as-is.  We have to sign waivers stating the boilers’ conditions are unknown and should be assumed as unsafe for operation.”
“Normal.  Why should they stick their legal necks out for us?”
“Anyway, we have the riggers in route to Flint.  I’ll probably have the units down here late tomorrow afternoon.”
“Really?  That sounds promising.”
“It’s not.  The units will have to be reassembled.  Utilities will have to be connected.  Then testing begins.  The city and state authorities have to sign off, before we even begin pressure testing.”
“How long will it take?  Where are you putting them?”
“We’ve confiscated a section of the east warehouse.  The inventory has been moved and the pallet racks have been repositioned to form a fence around our new, temporary mechanical room.  The men are welding steel plate to the pallet racks.  They are also punching holes in the exterior building walls, fabricating primary and secondary exits.  We need all of this for OSHA and the local authorities to sign off.”
“Good work.  You’re making nice progress.  Now answer my question.”
“It will be at least a week.  Probably shouldn’t plan on operations starting until a week from tomorrow.”
“Damn!  How are the other systems - electrical, water, pneumatics and hydraulics?”
“Bill, they are all underway.  The pacing item is steam.  We have to have the boilers.  Let’s get some coffee and some lunch.  I’ll fill you in as we eat.  I’m exhausted.  I need food and I need coffee.”
“I have to call Remons, too.  You can help me tighten all this information down to a single sentence.  That seems to be his attention span.”

Chapter 51
It was 8:59 AM, on the day after, the day after the first day of summer.
Albert and Lawrence were sitting on the dock by Teleport, with their legs dangling above the water.
Lawrence said, “So, you know this is crazy.  Right?”
Albert said, “Sure.  Of course I do.  But we will make it work.”
“No guns?”
“I’m telling you, again,” Albert feigned pushing Lawrence in the cold, marina waters, “No!  No guns.  Let’s get out of here.  I checked on James while you were in the head.  He’s uncomfortable, but he’s not dying.”
Albert stood up on the dock and stepped aboard Teleport.  He was closing the sliding starboard bridge door and preparing to lock it.
“Hang on.”  Lawrence stood up, pulled a gun from his belt, and pointed it at Albert.  The barrel of the gun was pointing at Lawrence.  “Put this away, before you lock up.”  It was one of the pistols from the bridge doors.
Albert shot a dismayed look at Lawrence, like a schoolteacher having just caught a student carving his initials in a desk.  “Really, Lawrence?  You are way too hell bent on killing one of them.  There’s no winning that war.  We are fighting the bully, differently.  You know the smarts will win over the brawn.  Let’s do it the right way.”
Lawrence shrugged.  “Old habits die hard.  Nothing like the feeling of a well placed rib punch in the bully’s side.  You know that!”
Albert put the gun back in its holster, closed the bridge door, locked it, and verified all systems were green on his smartphone.  He stepped off the deck and back onto the dock.  “Let’s rodeo, cowboy!  We have a bully to outsmart.”
The pair walked away from Teleport and toward the security gate.  As they approached, Albert slowed and cautiously studied the surroundings.  Satisfied, they passed through the gate and double-checked that it locked.
In theory, the only individuals who gained entrance to Dock 14 were the guest tenants.  Each had an access code that they keyed into a keypad on the door.  Without a code, unauthorized individuals could not access the dock.  The theory was sorely flawed.  The gate wasn’t much more than a line painted on the ground stating, “Do not trespass.”  Anyone could get on Dock 14, if they wanted to.  Climbing the fence, swimming around the gate, or floating up on a boat were all easy options.
Albert and Lawrence walked through the Pier Marina retail establishments, making their way to Veronica’s place.  Fortunately, they could see Elizabeth was no longer hanging around.  She was probably off doing Remons’ bidding, arranging fine wines, prostitutes or some other dire task.
Veronica was cleaning the outside tables.  She saw the pair and waved heartily.  “Hi Guys!  Want some coffee or a sandwich?”
Albert responded for them, “No.  We had a big breakfast.”  He changed the subject, “Listen, we are headed over to The Owner—”
“What?”  Veronica interrupted.
“There’s some unfinished business between Remons and me.  Try not to worry.  I’m only telling you this for one reason.  I need your mobile phone number.”
“Sure, give me your phone.”  Veronica keyed her number into his contacts file.  Albert promptly pressed the contact and Veronica’s phone rang.  He hung up before she answered it.
“Now you have my number.  Here’s the favor.  If you haven’t heard from me by 9 PM tonight, then call this number.”  Albert handed her a card with a different phone number on it.
“What do I tell them?  Is it the police?”
“No, it’s not the police.  Tell them I gave you this number.  Tell them I am aboard The Owner and need help.  Then hang up.”
“I understand.  But I don’t think it’s a good idea for you to go back there.”  Then she whispered, “He may kill you.  You do understand that.  Right?”
“It’s the chance I have to take.  Besides, Lawrence has my back.”  Albert smiled, trying to make light of the situation.
“It’s time, Albert,” Lawrence was ready.
Veronica kissed Albert.  “Please don’t get killed.  I haven’t seen the inside of Teleport, yet.”
Albert and Lawrence left Veronica, walked south through the shops along the pier, turned left along The Embarcadero, and finally made a left onto the private pier of The Owner.  A couple of the guards stood on the dock, smiling as Albert and Lawrence approached.  
One of the guards said, “Glutton for punishment?  What do you want?”
“Tell Remons I want to talk with him.”
“Go away, Mr. Pabek.  Take your friend with you.”
“Tell Remons I have the NEW owner with me.  He wants to talk with Remons.  Believe me, Remons will want to see us.”
One of the guards walked up the gangway and disappeared into the ship.  Aboard The Owner, he talked quietly with another guard.  The guard climbed the forward stairs and stepped on the upper deck.  Remons was sitting in his chair, drinking coffee, and reading some business trade journal.
“Mr. Remons, sir.”
“What is it?  Don’t you have eyes?  I’m busy.”
“Sir, it’s Mr. Pabek.  He’s back.”
Remons’ face turned red.  “Tell that asshole to go away, or I’ll personally kill him!  I’ve had enough of his petty nonsense!”
“Sir, he’s not alone.  There’s someone with him.”
“Who is it?”
“We don’t know, sir.  Our people are working on it.  No answer yet.”
“Tell him, and his unknown friend, to go away.”
“Sir, he insists on seeing you.  Sir… he says the man with him is the NEW owner.”
Remons turned pale.  He tipped the coffee cup, inadvertently spilling its contents in his lap.  “Shit!”  Remons leapt out of the seat.  One of the attendants ran over and cleaned up the mess.
“Strip search both of them!  Bring them up here, now!”
“Yes, sir.”  The guard ran down the forward stairs and back to the gangway.  He whispered to his fellow goon.  
The goon came back down the gangway.  He said, “Mr. Remons will see you, and your friend.  Go aboard, and lose all your clothes.  We’ve been ordered to strip search.”  Albert and Lawrence climbed the gangway and stepped into the shadows beyond the doorway.  They removed all of their clothing.  The guards inspected everything and took nothing.  Once redressed, they were led to the forward staircase.
Two guards, Albert and Lawrence walked through the ship, climbed the stairs, and emerged on the upper deck.  They walked over to Remons’ sitting area.
“Sit down.”
Albert and Lawrence sat down.  The two guards stood behind them, close enough to efficiently snap their necks, were they to try something stupid.  Or, if Remons ordered the execution.  Remons looked at the guards.  “Go away.  I don’t want you two in earshot of this conversation.  But stay close enough to react.”
The guards walked across the deck and stood more near the aft area.  The helicopter pilot was polishing the windows on the black aircraft.  He said something to the guards, and they all began laughing.
Lawrence watched as the helicopter pilot climbed into the cockpit.
Remons leaned forward, staring intensely into Albert’s eyes.  “Who the fuck do you think you are?”
“Karl—”
“DON’T CALL ME KARL!”
Albert ignored Remons tantrum.  “This is my associate.  He is here on behalf of the new owner.”
Remons glared at Lawrence, but said nothing.
“Mr. Remons,” Lawrence sat confidently in his seat, his hands together in front of him, arms bent at the elbows and his four fingers of his right hand pressed against the four fingers of his left hand.
The conversation was interrupted.  Remons looked aft, because Max had started the turbine engines on the Sikorsky.  The rotors were beginning to turn.  Remons yelled at a nearby attendant.  “What the hell is he doing?”
The attendant scurried over to Remons.  “Sir, he told you earlier.  He’s still testing.  Making sure it’s safe for you, remember?”
Remons dismissively waved away the attendant.  He looked at Lawrence, “Hurry up.  Say what you have to say.”
“I’m here as a messenger.  It is essential that The Owner leave port immediately.  Your banking activities are behind schedule.  Not rectified immediately, there will be dire consequences for Remons Global and for you personally.”
Remons wasn’t biting.  Albert could see it on his face.  This wasn’t going to work.  “Both of you are dead men.  That’s the message I’m sending back.  You two are playing in the wrong league.”  Remons said it quietly and confidently.  Albert had misjudged their prey.
Remons waved to his guards.  They ran from the aft section, leaving Max at the helicopter.  “Collins and Randolf.  Lock these two up down below.  We’ll kill them tonight and dump them at sea.”
The guards each grabbed one of them, Albert and Lawrence, by an arm, lifting them involuntarily out of their seats.  They pushed the duo toward the public aft staircase.  It was positioned behind the Sikorsky.
As they walked around the side of the helicopter, now out of sight of Remons, one of the guards stopped near the cockpit door.  Max left the helicopter running and climbed out of his seat.  He handed each of the guards a one hundred dollar bill.
The first guard, Collins, spoke quickly, “Max, you get one punch on each of them.  Make it count.  We don’t have time for more.”
Max smiled.  “Collins, you and Randolf just keep them still.”  The pilot was holding a steel object – brass knuckles.  He slipped it on his right hand, clenched his fist, squatted slightly, coiled back his right arm, and let his tightly curled fist fly.  Suddenly, Albert and Lawrence each twisted violently.
Max’s punch landed squarely in the jaw of Collins.
Albert landed a punch in Randolf’s stomach.  Then, Albert put a knee in Randolf’s crotch.  He fell to the deck.  Albert grabbed the gun from his shoulder holster.  Lawrence’s elbow smashed squarely into Collins’ nose, most certainly breaking it.  Lawrence then rammed his elbow and upper arm into the man’s back and grabbed the gun.
Max was already seated in the cockpit, winding up the whirlybird.  Albert and Lawrence jumped in the plush rear cabin and slammed the door behind them.  The Sikorsky sprung off the deck, the rotor backwash knocking around Collins and Randolf, now crumpled on the deck below.  Max could see more of the goons running to their rescue.  He could also see guns.
Max kicked the anti rotation pedals hard, twisted the throttle on the collective and pulled it higher.  He pushed the cyclic forward.  They were gaining altitude and moving north briskly.  He hoped Remons goons would not shoot.
Albert and Lawrence were sitting in the two forward facing seats, one of which was Remons’.  They were laughing hysterically.
“Albert, you must be the stupidest friend I have.”
“Lawrence, I’m your only friend.  Everyone else simply tolerates you.”
“What are we going to do now?  That was our last card.  Remons kills us next time.  No doubt about it.”
Albert said, “I’m not sure yet.”
Max pressed the intercom button.  “Any problems back there?  You two still alive?”
Albert pressed the button on the console.  “Max, you were awesome!  No bullet holes?”
Max replied, “I don’t think so.  Everything is green up here.  I don’t think they took any shots.  It would have drawn too much attention.”  He continued, “So, where to?  What are we doing?”
Albert responded, “Can you circle a wide arc over the Pacific.  Come in across the south side of downtown?  My idea is to hide the Sikorsky on the roof of Remons’ executive offices.  Unless they are searching from the air, they will not find it until tomorrow morning.”
Lawrence was amused.  It was brilliant.
Max replied, “Great idea.  What do we do then?”
“I want you to camp out with the Sikorsky.  We will jam the rooftop elevator doors and the rooftop staircase doors.  That will slow them down enough, if they find it, for you to get off the roof.”
Albert continued, “How’s the fuel?”
“All full.  I gassed up last night after dumping you on The Owner.”
Albert and Lawrence settled in their seats, watching the California coastline drift by below them.  Max was enjoying the view from the wide front windows.
Max, Lawrence, and Albert were all childhood friends.  The trio had graduated high school and went to college together.  Albert, of course, did not finish college.  Neither did Lawrence.  He worked alongside Albert, at Metal Presses Incorporated, also having been economically displaced in 2008.
Max Lasteres finished college.  He graduated with a bachelors, and subsequently a masters, degree in advanced electrical engineering.  Max loved electrical engineering and spent his professional career with a single employer.
His real love, though, was flying helicopters.  He could fly airplanes, too, but found them boring.  Helicopters were the supreme aircraft, as far as he was concerned.  In his spare time, Max kept adding ratings, ultimately securing a commercial pilot’s license, along with several thousand hours of flight time.
His father, Todd Lasteres, was killed with Frank Pabek in the workplace incident at Metal Presses Incorporated.  He and Albert were like orphan brothers.  When Albert explained his plan to fight Remons, Max had jumped at the opportunity.  He wanted to avenge his own father’s death.  
Max promptly quit his high paying job in electrical engineering, saying he was moving to San Francisco and planning to be a commercial helicopter pilot.  Within a few months, he had worked his way into the local pilot community.
No one wanted to fly for Remons Global.  Several pilots had been financially ruined by an assignment to Remons.  Two of the pilots had disappeared.  When Max stepped forward, playing the dumb person from back east, the Sikorsky was almost instantly dropped in his lap.  For the last six months, Max had submissively been the personal pilot of Karl Remons.  He tolerated daily abuse from Remons.  He tolerated the abuse for his deceased father, for Albert, and, of course, for his girl - Sikorsky.
The Owner’s electrical interference troubles, leaving them stranded at sea, had been Max’s doing.  Max had built an electromagnetic interference generator.  Slowly and secretly, he had installed the device within the Sikorsky’s confined spaces.  It took him several weeks to install.  The device added 430 pounds to the Sikorsky’s empty weight.  Were someone to now x-ray the helicopter, long runs of copper wiring would be seen snaking around the walls, ceiling, and floor.
Max and the electromagnetic generator had performed their portion of Albert’s plan.  Now Albert and Lawrence had to do their part.

Chapter 52
Remons stood towering over the guards, Randolf and Collins.  Flanked around Remons, there were more guards.  Together, all had watched the twenty million dollar Sikorsky fly away, disappearing past Sausalito, supposedly hijacked by Albert Pabek and the mystery man.
“Stand them up,” Remons pointed to the guards responsible for losing his helicopter.
The guards were big, muscular men.  Standing in front of Remons, though, they looked like schoolchildren knowing a beating was on its way.  It was a question of when, not if.
“Boys, you have two minutes.  Start talking.”
“Sir,” said Randolf.  “We were ambushed.  The helicopter pilot was in on it.  It was coordinated.  They had us down instantly.”
Collins was observing the reaction from Remons.  Not wanting to die, he had to improvise.  Pointing at Randolf accusingly, he said, “Sir, he’s lying!”
Randolf looked at him.  At first, he was confused, and then suddenly he understood what was happening.  “No, sir, I’m not lying.  Don’t listen to him, sir.  He’s trying to stay alive, Mr. Remons.”
Remons yelled, “Shut up, Randolf!”  Looking at Collins, Remons said, “Go on.”
Collins could see a doorway in his mind.  It was a doorway to live another day.  He would sacrifice his friend, Randolf, if necessary.  It was senseless for both of them to die.
“Sir.  Max, the helicopter pilot offered Randolf one hundred dollars, if he could get a swing at Pabek.  He said he was pissed off about the incident at sea yesterday.  Said he wanted to teach him a lesson.”
“And,” Remons asked.
“Well, sir.  I told Randolf it wasn’t a good idea.  He ignored me.  He took the hundred dollars.  Check his pocket.  You’ll find the money.”
Randolf screamed, “No!  It wasn’t like that.  He’s lying!”
“Shut up!” boomed Remons.  “Check his pockets.”
One of the guards found the hundred-dollar bill, pulled it out, and handed it to Remons.  Randolf stared at the ground.  He knew, regardless of the story, his life had reached its end.
Remons nodded to the guard standing behind Randolf.  The guard swiftly broke the neck of the man.  The action killed him instantly.
Remons looked back to Collins.  “Continue.”
Collins was slightly relieved.  He wasn’t out of the woods, but could see the road through the trees.  He just had to get there.  “Sir, the helicopter pilot hit him,” pointing at the now dead friend.  “He hit him square in the jaw.  It was no accident.  Randolf lost his grip; the man wriggled free and hit me in the nose.  I was knocked unconscious.  No chance to react.  I vaguely remember the helicopter leaving the ship.”
Remons tilted his head and stared quizzically at Collins.  “That’s it?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Empty your pockets.”
“Sir?”
“Do what I said.  NOW!”
Collins pulled his pants pockets inside out.  The hundred-dollar bill fell to the deck and was blown away by the breeze.
Remons nodded.  Collins’ neck snapped.  He slumped to the deck, falling atop the friend he betrayed.  “Put them both in one of the speedboats.  We will dump them tonight after we are offshore.”
The guards nodded silently, hauling off the two dead mean.
Remons walked back across the deck.  He settled in his favorite chair.  “Get me a bourbon,” he bluntly told one of the attendants.  He pulled out his public numbered mobile phone and pressed the icon for Elizabeth.  She answered on the fourth ring.
“Yes, sir?”
“Elizabeth, we are sailing at 3:00 PM today.  Make sure everyone required is on board.”
“Yes, Mr. Remons.”
“You are sailing, also.  I want you here immediately, though.  We have had some problems this morning.”
“Yes, sir.  Of course.”
“Elizabeth, that helicopter pilot, Max, he was a mole.  Where did you get him?”
Elizabeth started to shake.  She couldn’t believe it.  What had happened?  “Sir… Uh, sir, he came from the same place as the others.”
“He stole my helicopter.  He helped Albert Pabek, and some other guy, escape from The Owner.”
Elizabeth was silent.  She was scared, not for Max, Albert, or Lawrence.  She was scared for herself.
“You need to fix this, Elizabeth!  I need a helicopter.  And a pilot.”
“Yes, sir.  I’ll work on it now.  I will head to The Owner as soon as possible.”
Remons put the phone down on the table.  His private unpublished mobile phone was ringing.  Now it was Remons turn to panic.  He pressed the Accept Call button.  “What?”
“I will be late, Mr. Remons.  We will meet at 9:00 PM tonight.  Do not leave the dock.”
Remons whispered into the phone, trying a new kind of intimidation.  “Listen to me, you mother fucker.  I will sail my ship when I goddamn well please.  Is that clear?”
“Mr. Remons.  You just killed two people.  I filmed the entire event.  You are not someone to betray, apparently.  Anyway, I have the video.  Don’t test my patience and make me distribute it.”
Now the yelling came.
“WHO THE FUCK DO YOU THINK YOU ARE MESSING WITH!”
“No sailing until we say so.  Cancel your afternoon departure.”
The phone went silent.
Remons was still holding the glass of bourbon.  He stood up and threw it the full distance of the upper deck.  It shattered on the deck, raining down the aft end of the ship and into the marina waters below.
-----
Elizabeth blankly gazed at the Call Ended message on her phone.  She was mentally shut down.  Her brain knew that Remons was now a serious threat to her life.  She knew his fears and paranoia.  It was only a matter of time, before he decided to kill her.
She packed a bag, left the apartment, and headed down Lombard Street.  Elizabeth decided to tell Veronica, face to face, that she was headed back aboard The Owner.  A taxi would get her there quicker, but there was no reason to hurry.  She walked to the coffee shop.
The coffee shop was almost deserted.  Elizabeth walked inside and found Veronica cleaning the glass display cases.
“Hi, baby sister,” Elizabeth tried a happy tone, “how was the morning rush?”
“It was crazy today.  All of the regulars showed up at the same time.”
She noticed Elizabeth’s bag.  “Where are you going?”  Veronica knew the answer immediately, “Liz?”
“Sorry.  I have trouble.  Remons wants me on The Owner.  We are sailing at 3:00 PM.  I won’t be back until sometime tomorrow afternoon.”
“What’s going on?  Albert and Lawrence walked over there a while ago.  I haven’t heard from them.  I saw the helicopter fly off the ship.  Are they in trouble?”
“That’s the problem.  The pilot stole the helicopter.  Your boyfriend, Albert, helped him.”
“What?”
“Yes, you heard me correctly.  I don’t know where they went, but you need to avoid him.  He’s in Remons’ sights now.  There’s no good outcome.  You know that.”
“Liz, please be careful.  Are you sure it’s safe to get on that ship?”
“Veronica,” Elizabeth hugged her sister.  She lied, “I am perfectly safe.  Remons has a reputation, but he really is a good boss.  He would not ever hurt me.  Trust me on that.”
“Be careful, anyway.  Please call or text when you can.”
Elizabeth left the coffee shop, worked her way south through the various stores, turned left on The Embarcadero, and then turned left at the private pier.
The guards let her pass.  She stood on the gangway, just two feet shy of the ship’s entranceway.  Breathing deeply, she quietly said, “If he kills me, it will be quick.  Veronica will mourn for a few months, but long term she will be better off without me.”
She took two more steps and disappeared into The Owner’s shadows.

Chapter 53
It was 11:22 AM, on the day after, the day after the first day of summer.
Max landed the Sikorsky gently on the roof of the thirty-one story, downtown building.  Technically, the helipad was for loading and unloading only.  It was a temporary parking space, part of the common area in the building, and accessible to all building tenants, not just Remons Global.  It was Sunday.  Therefore, another tenant’s helicopter was not likely to need use of the parking space atop the building.
Albert and Lawrence opened the cabin door.  They stepped out on the roof.  Max finished his shutdown sequence.  The twenty million dollar whirlybird, now AWOL from Remons Global, soon went silent.  Max climbed out of the cockpit, noticing Albert and Lawrence leaning on the building ledge.
He strolled slowly around the rooftop.  A few minutes passed, then he walked to the ledge, leaned over, and wedged himself between Albert and Lawrence.  Max put his hands on their shoulders and hugged them at the same time.
“I’m so happy to be away from Remons.  You two have had it easy.  Spending six hours, not to mention six months, with that crazy son of a bitch has been a living hell.”
Spinning the trio around with his extended arms, he pointed his head at the helicopter.  “One of the big things keeping my sanity in check was the Sikorsky.  She is the most exceptional flying machine in the world, as far as I’m concerned.”  He started giggling, like a teenage girl with a secret.  “I intend to keep her.  When this is all finished.  You guys have any problem with that?”
Albert said, “Max, I think you have earned it.  Consider it a severance payment.  You have been economically displaced now, anyway.  It only seems like a fair settlement.”
They were all laughing now.
Lawrence, the timeline monitor, said, “We have to get going.”
“You’re right,” Albert said.  “Max, find anything to jam the doors closed?”
“No doubt.  I’m ready to barricade the Sikorsky and me on this roof.  We will live or die together!”
Lawrence hugged Max.  “You were awesome today.  Thanks for saving our skin.”
Albert nodded to Lawrence.  “Max is set.  Let’s do our part.”
He opened the rooftop staircase door quietly and stepped into the stairwell.  Lawrence followed behind him and closed the door.  They were intent on descending the stairs for several floors before calling for the elevator.  It was an unnecessary risk to summon the elevator to the rooftop.  Some tenant may notice the elevator’s position, be curious, and try to visit the roof.
Max picked up the pipe he had located earlier, jamming it into the stairwell doorframe, chocking it underneath the door handle.  Using a second section of pipe as a hammer, he pounded the first pipe.  It broke through the frame and became stuck in the wall.  No one was passing through the door any time soon.
Using his makeshift hammer, Max pounded several nails into each of the sliding elevator doors.  Next, he used some loose pieces of copper electrical wire he found, wrapping them, zigzagged, across the nails.  The elevator door looked like it was a shoe, laced up, and ready for action.
“Try busting through that, Remons,” Max said aloud.  “Me and my girl, Sikorsky, will be gone before you can bust half the wires.”
Albert tried the exit door on the nineteenth floor.  It was unlocked.  He opened the door, just enough to peek through the crack.  The area beyond the door was dark.  He opened the door further and slowly stuck his head past the door.
“See anything?”
Albert whispered, “No.”
“Look for blue, red and green lights.  They will be very small.  Maybe intermittent blinkers.”
Albert smirked, but Lawrence couldn’t see him.  “Duh.”
He continued his scan of the room.  He didn’t see any motion sensors.  Albert pushed open the door and stepped into the foyer of the nineteenth floor.  Lawrence followed quietly.
The foyer was elegant.  It was a common area.  The floor had three tenants, each having its own entrance from the foyer.
Lawrence said, “Nice guess.”
Lawrence ordered their transportation, pressing the elevator down button.  Quickly, the elevator arrived and the doors opened.  Albert and Lawrence stepped into the elevator, and the doors closed behind them.  Albert pressed the “G” button, for ground floor.
A moment later, the doors opened.  Albert and Lawrence casually stepped out.  Strolling through the main floor lobby with confidence, they exited and emerged on the sidewalk alongside the tall building.  They were about a mile from the guest marina where Teleport floated.
“Walk or taxi?”  Lawrence asked.
“Walk.  You need the exercise, anyway.”
They walked in a generally north direction, not exactly knowing the most direct path, but fully aware they would emerge somewhere along The Embarcadero.  Albert pulled the smartphone from his pocket.  All systems were reporting green, according to Teleport.  The goons were not onboard Teleport, but he guessed they would be nearby.
Albert pressed another app.  A view from the masthead camera was now on the screen.  He panned the camera remotely and spotted the ambush team.  Three goons were near the security gate leading out to Dock 14.
“We’ve got trouble.”  He showed the image to Lawrence.
“What now, then?”
In the helicopter, Albert and Lawrence had finalized their next steps.  There would be no more visits to The Owner.  The pair agreed they must now assume unsafe conditions existed everywhere around them.  Veronica’s coffee shop was also off limits.  Worst of all, Teleport was floating like an unsuspecting animal, ready for slaughter at Remons’ hand.  It was time to move her to a safer location.  Albert had an idea.  He called the police station, selecting the number from his phone’s call history records.
“San Francisco Police Department.  How may I help you?”
“Sergeant Bratcher, please,” Albert said with all the authority he could muster.
The unknown dispatcher responded, “One moment, sir.”
The sergeant picked up the phone on the second ring, gruffly saying, “Bratcher.”
“Sergeant Bratcher, this is Pabek.”
“This is Mr. Albert Pabek, the man that I hope has left town already?  Correct?”
“I’m trying, sir.”
“Mr. Pabek, please don’t tell me someone else is dead.”
“That’s why I’m calling.  I don’t want to end up dead.  Remons’ guards won’t allow me to reach my ship in the marina.  I am afraid for my life and believe they will cause me harm.”
“I’m listening.”
“If you can spare a few officers, I promise to leave the marina immediately.  I just need to get safely aboard and out of the marina.”
“Where are you?”
Albert didn’t want to say.  There was no reason to leave breadcrumbs for the sergeant.
“Here’s what I need.  Can your officers meet me at the diner across from the ferries?  All I’m asking is for the officers to walk my friend and me back to our ship.  They only need to wait a few minutes while we set sail.  Then I’m out of your hair for good.”
“Fine, we’ll help you out.  Are you at the diner now?”
“No sir, we will be there in ten minutes.”
“After this favor, we are done with you.  Is that clear?”
“Yes, sir.  Thank you.”
Albert hung up the phone.  He and Lawrence picked up the pace, reaching the diner at the same time as two squad cars.  They walked up to one of the officers.
“Hello.  I am Albert Pabek.  Thank you for coming.”
“No problem, Mr. Pabek.  I prefer escorting you out of our city, alive.  Were you to end up dead, I would have to work overtime with the investigation.”
Albert, Lawrence, and three police officers walked along The Embarcadero.  They reached Pier Marina and were soon at the guest slip area.  The police officers surrounded the threatened pair of men, and the group of five walked the remaining distance, reaching the Dock 14 security gate.  Remons’ men were on the opposite side of the gate, milling around along the dock.
Albert pressed in the gate combination, pulled the gate open, and held it for the officers.
One of the officers stepped up to Remons’ thugs.  “You are trespassing.  Leave the pier immediately, or go to jail.”
The goons slowly walked by Albert and Lawrence, menacingly glaring into each of their faces.  The officers now stood between the goons and the two friends.  One officer closed the gate.  Remons’ thugs stood on the public side, staring with a blend of anger and annoyance.
“Mr. Pabek,” one of the officers said, “Leave now.  We will stay here until you and the ship are away from the marina.”
“Thank you.”
Albert and Lawrence ran for the safety of Teleport.
“Lawrence, get the dock lines and the electrical umbilical cables.  I’ll fire up the engines.  We can check on James after clearing out of the marina.”
Albert leapt on the deck, unlocked the starboard bridge door, and stepped down into the cockpit.  Quickly, he switched on the battery banks, started the port, and then the starboard engine.  
Lawrence climbed on Teleport’s deck.  He stuck his head in the starboard bridge door.  “We are all clear.  Take off!”
Albert engaged the transmissions and pushed the throttles to 700 RPMs.  Teleport moved swiftly away from the dock.  “Lawrence, get the semi-automatic rifle.  I don’t think this is over.”
Lawrence stepped down into the bridge.  He grabbed the rim of the forward companionway and swung himself into the salon.  No time for the stairs.  Finding the gun, he grabbed it and ran back up the stairs.  He opened the port bridge door and locked it in the open position.
Lawrence quickly climbed down the aft companionway stairs.  He turned on the lights and peered over the side of the dinghy.  James looked up at him and made some muffled sounds through the tape adhered to his mouth.  Lawrence replied, “I don’t know what you are saying, so just shut up.”
Lawrence climbed back up on the bridge.  He said, “The kid is still secure.”
Albert had pushed the throttles to 1,200 RPMs.  Teleport moved beyond the breakwater at twelve knots per hour.  “Lawrence, check the mast cam.  I’m concerned that Remons’ will send some boats after us.  He has several WaveRunners and two speedboats inside The Owner’s hull.”
Albert pushed the throttles to 2,000 RPMs.  They were now moving at eighteen knots and headed for the Golden Gate Bridge.  Lawrence was looking at one of the three 12” monitors in the overhead console.  He was punching through the options, both repositioning and setting the gyro on the camera for image stabilization.
Lawrence exclaimed, “We have some unwelcome visitors coming our way!  One speedboat and two WaveRunners.”  He turned around and looked out the rear window.  “Shit, Albert!  What are we doing now?”
Albert pushed the throttles to 2,600 RPMs.  Teleport picked up speed, now moving at twenty-four knots.  “Drive, Lawrence!”
Lawrence took the wheel.  Albert jumped to the salon floor, ran through the galley, down the forward passageway and into the head.  Quickly, he unlocked the hidden latches and pivoted the shower out of the way.  He pressed the two buttons hiding the office.  Feeling like an eternity later to Albert, the four solenoids engaged and the pusher shoved the door open.
Albert stepped down into the room.  He grabbed the second Ruger SR556 semi-automatic rifle from the ceiling storage hooks.  It was part of another matched set of weapons aboard Teleport.  Next, he found two thin vests, each designed to hang off a hunter’s shoulders, the purpose to hold ammunition and store small slain prey, usually birds.  Albert stuffed the pockets in both vests with ammunition clips.  Finally, he grabbed a Remington 870 pump shotgun from the wall.
Albert ran back through the ship, toting the two guns and two vests full of ammunition.  At the forward companionway, he tossed everything up into the bridge.  “How do we look?”
“They are closing in fast.  You need to get up here.  We only have a couple of minutes.”
“I’ll be there in thirty seconds.”
Albert ran back to the office.  He pulled out two Kevlar reinforced, bullet protection vests, and ran back to the bridge.  He didn’t take the time to close up the hidden office.  Assuming they made it out alive, he would lock everything up after the battle had concluded.
He ran up the companionway stairs.
“Hurry up, Albert!  I don’t want to die today.”
“Put this on.”  Albert was already donning his vests; first Kevlar, and then the ammunition vest.
Teleport, along with her now battle ready occupants, passed the Golden Gate Bridge, and now was in the open waters of the Pacific Ocean.  Behind, the two WaveRunners were closing the distance between them, and the speedboat was only a few hundred yards behind the WaveRunners.
Lawrence glanced back nervously.  “Guns?”
Albert was using the binoculars from the bridge.  “Yep.  Looks like pistols.  They’re stupid.  No way they can drive, shoot, and expect to hit anything.”
Albert stepped to the bridge door.  Looking at Lawrence, he said, “Drive defensively.  I don’t want any holes in Teleport.”
Albert stepped up on the deck.  He looked like a soldier heading to war.  Hanging on his back and across his shoulder was the Remington 870 shotgun.  On his shoulders, the ammo vest hung heavily.  In his hands, Albert held the semi-automatic with thirty rounds in the clip.
Clutching the bridge top mounted railing, in a crouched position, he moved swiftly to the stern.  Then, he quickly leapt down to the tiny floor area below the aft facing fishing seats.
Two shots rang out.  The goons were shooting pistols from the WaveRunners.  The Yamahas had reached Teleport.  One was heading for the port side flank; the other the starboard side flank.  Albert estimated the starboard approaching WaveRunner would arrive first.
Albert checked the clip in the semi-automatic gun, unlocked the safety, and sat up slightly.  His butt was locked down into the narrow floorboard.  He was facing starboard.  Carefully, he lifted the gun to his right knee.  He placed his right hand firmly under the barrel, bracing his right elbow on top of, but slightly forward of, his right knee.  Then, he pressed the full left side of his body against the bench seat.  The gun’s stock was on his left shoulder.
He wrapped his left index finger around the trigger and sighted down the barrel with his left eye.  Teleport was bouncing across the waves.  The WaveRunner was bouncing too, even more violently than Teleport.  Albert told himself there was no need to conserve ammunition.  This wasn’t an accuracy competition.  With all of the erratic movements, he must anticipate the position changes and lead the shots.  Effectiveness could only be measured by a dead or disabled threat, not the least number of rounds shot.
Albert watched a few seconds, as each of the vessels bounced.  At the right moment, he pulled the trigger, repeatedly.  Eight shots.
Round one, two and three all fell in the water below the WaveRunner.  Each shot had crept closer, as the WaveRunner dropped down a wave.  Round four hit the WaveRunner itself.  Round five went into the thug’s upper thigh.  Albert knew this for sure.  He saw the hole blown in the victim’s left leg.
Round six or seven hit in the thug’s left shoulder.  Albert wasn’t sure which round exactly.  Round eight missed completely.
The WaveRunner slowed and fell behind them, the driver slumped over the handlebars.
“One down and one to go.”  Albert’s confidence grew.  They may live for another day.  He flipped around carefully in his tiny perch.
Four shots rang out.  The second WaveRunner was less than one hundred feet off the port aft corner of Teleport.  One of the bullets ripped through the padded seat above Albert’s head.  One of Remons’ goons had shot Teleport.  Now, Albert was really pissed off.
Albert twisted around his position in the foot well.  He was now facing the too-close-for-comfort WaveRunner.  He wrapped the strap on the semi-automatic around his ankle, clicked on the safety, and laid it in the foot well.  Rapidly, he swung the Remington 870 shotgun off his back.  The 12-gauge barreled gun had five shells in its breech, all #1 buckshot.  Five single 3” shotshells, each one with sixteen .28 caliber steel balls inside.  Albert had a 23” barrel attached to the main section of the gun.  This barrel was shorter than a normal barrel and normally used for turkey hunting.
Two more shots fired from the WaveRunner.  Albert knew he had not been hit, but was worried about Teleport and her other occupants.  Without any more hesitation, Albert positioned the gun, now braced on his left knee, with his right hand under the pumping action stock.
He aimed briefly.  This was a shotgun, not a rifle.  He fired round one.  Some of the buckshot hit the pursuer.  He pumped the gun and repositioned.  He fired round two.
Most of the pellets in round two hit the driver.  The two vessels were close enough for Albert to see the destruction of the man’s chest and face.  The two vessels were also close enough for the force of the round to knock the driver off the WaveRunner.  The goon fell into the ocean.  The WaveRunner slowed and finally stopped, just like a horse stops after its rider falls off.  Only this time, the rider wasn’t returning to the motorized horse.
The speedboat was gaining on Teleport.  It was bouncing wildly up and down on the ocean waves, as well as the wake created by Teleport.  The speedboat was close enough for Albert to see three men aboard.  He hoped no more men were hiding down below, out of his view.  Two of the men had guns pointing forward over the top of the speedboat’s windshield.
Albert heard three shots ring out.  He could see the muzzle fire.  He could see the shooters’ shoulders recoiling from the weapons’ power.  It was unknown to Albert if their shots had damaged Teleport.  He had not been personally hit.
Albert swapped guns, again.  He pulled the partially spent clip from the semi-automatic, dropped it in his vest, and pulled out a full clip.  Snapping it in the gun, he cocked the weapon, drawing the first round into the chamber.
He yelled, “Now or never!”
Albert sprung to his feet, leaned back into one of the aft seats, pulled the gun to his shoulder, and sighted down the barrel.  Rapidly, he squeezed on the trigger, zigzagging it left to right across the bow of the speedboat.
Albert saw the driver fall.  He saw one of the shooters fall.  The third shooter moved to drive the boat, still holding a gun and firing erratically toward Teleport.  Albert kept squeezing the trigger.  Finally, the new driver fell out of view.
The speedboat arced erratically away from Teleport.  It was now moving out of control and at full throttle.  Suddenly, it crashed into a large wave swelling up from the ocean.  The speeding hulk of fiberglass nosed down into the wave, its forward speed submerging the boat from view.  It reminded Albert of submarine captains in the movies, always yelling, “Dive!  Dive!  Dive!”  The boat momentarily disappeared, completely submerged.  Then, like a whale coming up for a fresh breath, the now-not-so-speedy boat floated to the surface.  The impact with the wave had sheared off the nose of the boat.  It was rapidly taking on water.
Teleport was slowing down.  Albert hoped Lawrence was slowing her, instead of some externally caused battle wound.  Albert leaned his head back against the aft seat.  He was breathing heavily, almost hyperventilating.  Adrenaline was surging through his body.  He was shaking so much it was impossible to stand.  His legs felt like rubber noodles.
Teleport drifted to a stop.  The air went silent as Albert heard the Perkins Brothers shut down.  He still couldn’t move.  He closed his eyes and tried to relax.
“Albert!  Were you shot?  Are you okay?”  Lawrence was leaning over him, shaking his shoulders with one hand, and hanging on to the aft chair railing with the other.  “ALBERT!”
Albert opened his eyes.  He smiled faintly at Lawrence.  “I’m fine.  Give me a moment to recover.  I haven’t been shot.”
“You scared the shit out me!”  Lawrence plopped into the seat next to Albert.
“What about Teleport?  Any major damage?”
Lawrence sighed.  “Not sure, yet.  One of the bilge water intrusion alarms is sounding.  The bilge pumps are running.  The next higher water level alarm hasn’t sounded, at least not yet.  I don’t know if we are taking on water from a bullet hole, or from the repeated crashing through the waves.”
Albert looked over at him.
“You left the bridge doors open, didn’t you?”
Lawrence punched him in the arm.  “I was driving, bonehead.  You left the doors open, when you ran back here to play gunslinger.”
“How much water came in the bridge?”
“It’s not as bad as it seems.  Most of the water stayed on the bridge.  The companionway retention walls functioned as designed, thank me very much.”
“Yeah, Yeah, Yeah.  I know.  Thank you for insisting on the feature.  So the bridge scuppers worked?”
“Perfectly!  That water passed through Teleport faster than water through a fish’s gills.”
They sat silently for a moment.  In the distance, the speedboat was slipping below the water.  Soon, it would be just another unknown casualty sitting two miles below on the ocean floor.  The WaveRunners, and their dead riders, were nowhere to be seen.
Albert said, “Let’s get with it.  We need to check on Teleport’s health.  We should check on the kid.  I’m sure he’s had quite the ride.”
They gathered the weapons and walked by the bridge.  The ship was bobbing around from the oceans swells and neither of them wanted to go swimming.
Albert stepped down into the bridge.  The low-level bilge water alarm was still sounding.  No sounds were emitting, at least not yet, from the high-level water alarm.  Albert climbed down the forward companionway stairs and stepped into the salon.  He placed the gun on the sofa, removed the ammo vest, and finally the Kevlar vest.  Lawrence stood in the companionway.  Albert reached up, as Lawrence passed him the Remington shotgun and the remaining arsenal from the bridge.  Lawrence pulled the ammo vest and Kevlar vest off, handing them down to Albert.
Albert climbed up the companionway and onto the bridge.  He switched the display on the portside 19” display and tabbed through to the radar.  There were only three objects detected.  None were closer than five miles and their movements did not warrant a threat.
“Well, let’s check on James.”
Albert climbed down the aft companionway.
“Damn it!”  Albert was dismayed.  He could see five rays of light piercing the aft cabin area.  Five rays of light a result of five shots in Teleport’s ass.
He switched on the garage lights and worked his way around the tender.  Lawrence followed behind him.  Albert looked over the side of the tender.  James was in there, but he wasn’t moving.  There was blood pooled in the floor of the inflatable boat.
James was dead.  The starboard flank of the RIB was injured.  Slowly, Albert looked around the walls of the small garage.  He located four dents along the bulkhead separating the cabin from the bridge and pointed them out to Lawrence.
“Where’s the fifth bullet, Albert?”
“It’s in James’ head.  He never saw it coming.”

Chapter 54
Remons paced fore and aft along The Owner’s upper deck.
He was a prisoner to the mysterious, threat-speaking caller, as he was, so far at least, complying with the stranger’s demands.  The passengers and crew aboard The Owner still anticipated a 3:00 PM departure, Remons being unable, yet, to explain a further delay.  Compounding his irritation, the army he mobilized to kill Pabek had not returned.  They had been away for more than an hour.
“Where the hell are those boats?”  He yelled at one of his security team.
“Sir, they have not answered radio calls for more than thirty minutes.  We don’t know.”
Remons saw an opportunity to save face.  “Tell Captain Caltoan to delay our departure.  I do not want to leave until the boats are back.  Understand?”
“Yes, sir,” the guard said.  He motioned to another guard, who promptly ran across the deck and toward the bridge.
“Get Elizabeth and the CFO up here, now!”
“Yes, sir.”  The second guard stepped away slightly, unclipped a radio from his belt, keyed the microphone, and spoke quietly into the unit.  He listened for a moment, said something else, and then clipped the radio back to his belt.
A moment later, Elizabeth emerged from the public aft staircase.  Remons saw her.  He motioned with his finger and pointed at his sitting area nearer the bow of the ship.  They both walked to the sitting area.  The CFO was emerging from the forward staircase.  Remons motioned him over also.
Remons sat down, followed by Elizabeth and the CFO.  Remons stared at them, saying nothing at first.  They both knew the rules.  Don’t speak until Remons asks a question.
“Elizabeth, where’s the replacement helicopter and pilot?”
“Mr. Remons, sir.  The air charter service is cleaning and fueling a rental aircraft for you.  They are searching for a pilot now.”
“Searching?  There are thousands of starving pilots.  They’re more thick than wannabe pro-surfers, waiting on their big break, or wannabe artists, waiting on their abstract works to be discovered!”
“Yes, sir.  Of course, sir.  They say it’s Sunday, and a little more difficult to locate a pilot.  You...  I’m sorry, sir.  We, at Remons Global, also have a negative reputation.  It’s been more difficult in the past two years to find pilots agreeable to work with us, sir.”
Remons bellowed, “Elizabeth!  Find a pilot!  You’ve already fucked up with the last pilot.  This is your last chance!  ARE WE CLEAR?”
Elizabeth trembling, said, “Yes, sir, Mr. Remons.  May I go work on it?”
“GO!”
She stood up and backed out of the sitting area, careful to not turn her back to Remons.  She walked to the forward staircase and disappeared to a lower deck.
Remons looked at the CFO.  His name was Rals Farley.
“Farley, we aren’t sailing at 3:00 PM.  The guards have not returned from their mission.”
Rals Farley gasped.
“Shut up, Farley,” Remons spoke before the CFO said anything.  “Just deal with it.  I expect you to have all transactions ready to upload.  We will sail late tonight.  Probably 10:00 PM.”
Farley knew not to challenge Remons, even though it meant the departure delay would cost Remons Global hundreds of millions of dollars.  Moreover, that was the upside risk.  The repercussions from their international partners could not be measured in dollars.  They were measured in mortality rates.
“Go away, Farley.”
“Yes, sir.”  Farley stood up and walked away.  He disappeared down the forward staircase.
Remons was lounging comfortably in the chair, his arms draped over the cushioned armrests.  He lifted a finger slightly on his left hand.  “Bourbon.”
An attendant scurried away to get Remons his next drink of the day.
His phones were on the table near his right hand.  The public numbered mobile phone vibrated.  It was Bill Shefford.  Remons left the phone on the table.  He clicked Accept and Speakerphone.  “It better be good news.”
“Mr. Remons, sir, it is not any better.  Remons Global is losing to World Auto.  Sir, it’s almost 5:00 PM here.  At 6:00 PM, Santana, Malete and the World Auto lawyers return to Plant 37.”
“Damn it, Bill.  Quit being a sissy.  You can handle this!  Don’t you understand we are at war over here!  It’s like we are Germany in 1944, fighting France to the southwest and Russia to the northeast.  However, we will not suffer the same fate as Germany!  Do you understand me?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Mr. Remons, I need Air One for the lawyers.  We need the entourage in Michigan tonight.  I promised...  I was lying…  I told Santana they would be here at 6:00 PM tonight.  Part of my stall tactic is not bringing them to Plant 37 until almost midnight.  Hopefully, the World Auto lawyers are too tired to fight as hard as they normally would.”
“Fine!  I’m not going anywhere soon in Air One.”
“Thank you, sir.  I’ve already spoken to the team.  Four of them will fly out of Oakland at 4:00 PM California time or 7:00 PM Michigan time.  They will land in Troy around 10:30 or 11:00 PM, check into a hotel and delay their arrival to Plant 37 until after midnight.”
“Don’t fuck this up,” Remons said uncharacteristically quiet.
Remons clicked disconnect before Bill could reply.  He was still thinking about Max, the Sikorsky, and Elizabeth.  The more he thought, the more he distrusted his assistant of eight years.  Her job was to protect him.  How could a rogue pilot infiltrate Remons Global?
He worried what else may have been compromised.  Had Max stolen anything important, other than the Sikorsky?  Was he working with the unknown caller?  Was he working with Pabek all along?  Or, had Pabek recently coercised Max away from Remons?
His mind circled back to Elizabeth.  She had failed him, most certainly.  She was no longer to be trusted.  Remons motioned to one of the guards.  The guard walked over.
“Send two of your men to the coffee shop.  Be discreet.  Tell the sister that Elizabeth has fallen ill, and she has requested her sister to board The Owner.  Help her put the ‘closed’ sign on the door and lock up the store.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Lock Elizabeth in her cabin.  Turn off her cabin phone.  Take away her mobile phones.  Once her sister is on board, you can let her out of the cabin and give her back the phones.  She has work to do.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Any word from the boys sent after Pabek?”
“No, sir.  I believe we should consider them lost at sea, sir.”
“I agree.”
Remons sent the guard away and continued sipping his fifty-dollar glass of bourbon.  Tomorrow, he would need a new executive assistant.  However, that was tomorrow.  Today, he had to win a war.

Chapter 55
It was 2:14 PM, on the day after, the day after the first day of summer.
Albert and Lawrence were sitting in the aft facing seats.  They were quietly drinking a beer, individually letting ideas mull around in their heads.  The high-level water alarm never sounded.  They were reasonably sure that Teleport had only sustained cosmetic damage.
“Lawrence, we need to dump James’ body and clean out the dinghy.  It’s not worth the risk, hauling him back to shore.”
“Agreed.  It’s shameful that people like Remons can corrupt kids like James.  Now he’s just fish food, just like the goons that were shooting at us.”  Lawrence changed the subject.  “What next?  We can’t go back to the marina, obviously.  I don’t think we can even get into the San Francisco Bay, without being spotted.  Teleport is rather unique looking.”
“You’re right.  Until this mess is over, we stay out of the bay.”
“What if we—”
Albert interrupted, “Unless we move in after dark.  We could head in along the north shore and anchor out somewhere near Sausalito.”
“You know that’s a big risk.  Remons has eyes everywhere.  I don’t think the low rent district will keep our anonymity for very long.”
“Yes, it may be too big of a risk.  Keep thinking.  In the meantime, let’s get the garage cleaned up.”
They each stood up and made their way back to the bridge; Albert stepping in from the starboard side and Lawrence from the port side.
Albert said,  “Radar still looks good.  Closest ship around us is six miles out.”
Lawrence said, “Let’s get this over with.”
Albert moved one of his hands to the overhead console.  He pressed a button labeled, Garage-Open.  They could hear an air compressor start pumping, deep in the aft section of Teleport’s hull.  Shortly after, the aft section of Teleport began to rise up.  It looked as if someone was opening the trunk lid of one of the oversized cars from the 70’s.  The aft seats, part of the trunk lid, were now high above the bridge.  Teleport’s aft section opened up like a giant cargo plane.
The door finished moving to its open position.  Albert released the button and climbed down the aft companionway stairs.  The cramped, dark quarters of the previously closed aft section were now replaced by spacious sky and sunlight.  Lawrence followed behind him.
Albert walked around to the starboard side of the RIB.  He was standing on the aft ledge.  One additional step backward and he would be swimming.  He looked at the hole in the dinghy’s starboard floatation tube.  “We need to patch this hole, before dropping the tender in the water.”
“Albert, it will still float, even with the hole.  Let’s get rid of the body and wash it first.”
“Let’s fix the hole.  It will take fifteen minutes.  There’s no one out here.  It will be easier to reload the tender if the tube is fixed first.”
“Fine, have it your way, Captain.”
Albert smirked at him.  “Cut it out.  He was a kid.”
“He was a kid that killed people and would have been happy to kill you.  Don’t be so idealistic.”
“Hand me that bag on the wall.”
Lawrence reached over to the bulkhead wall.  Along the lower section was a canvas bag labeled Tender Maintenance.  He pulled it from the Velcro attachments and passed it to Albert.  “Make it quick.”
Albert removed a small rasp from the bag.  He located two bullet holes in the RIB and used the rasp to roughen the surface around them.  He then put away the rasp, swapping it for a small bottle of alcohol and a cloth.  He soaked the cloth down with alcohol and wiped the cloth on the area around the two holes.
He put away the bottle and cloth.  Next out of the bag was a tube of contact cement.  Albert opened the tube and squeezed its contents in two circles around each hole, one bigger in diameter than the other.  He capped the tube and put it back in the bag.  Lastly, he pulled out two discs or circles of black rubber.  He handed the bag back to Lawrence.
Albert placed one disc over the first hole and the second disc over the other hole.  Using his fingers, he carefully massaged each circle firmly against its respective circles of glue.  Albert pointed above Lawrence’s head.  “Please hand me that roll of black duct tape.”
Lawrence reached overhead and removed the duct tape from its location.  He handed the tape to Albert.
Albert peeled off a long section of tape.  He pressed one end on the bottom of the hull, and then wrapped it up around the tube and into the sole of the Tender.  He repeated this step, applying nine more strips of duct tape.  Lawrence took the almost empty roll of tape, placing it back in its holder.
Albert said, “Let’s put no more than fifteen pounds of pressure in the tube.  We can add more when the glue sets up completely.”
Lawrence took that to indicate it was his duty.  He pulled an air line off the bulkhead, extended it, found the air valve on the tube, and pumped in air.  When the air gauge, located on the end of the air line, hit fifteen pounds, he stopped the compressor.
Lawrence said, “Let me check the radar …  we are in the clear.”  He put away the air line and climbed up the aft companionway stairs.
Albert moved back to the standing area near the stairs.  He located a small bucket in the garage.  It contained a small anchor and rode.  He normally used it when heading ashore in the dinghy.  Albert carefully lifted the anchor and rode from the bucket, setting them down in the blood filled bottom of the RIB.
 He then pressed a button near the companionway marked, Dinghy-Unload.  The air compressor started again.  The starboard side of the RIB began to lower.  The port side began to rise.  Two lines attached to the tender, one to the bow and one to the aft, began to ease.  The tender slid gently into the deep blue Pacific waters.  The RIB had its port side flush against the aft section of Teleport.  She was ready for boarding.
He removed his shirt, shoes, and pants, tossing them up on the bridge.  Lawrence stepped over the pile of clothes and descended the stairs.  With the dinghy in the water, the aft garage was very roomy.  Each of them walked around and inspected Teleport’s condition.  They were finally satisfied the only damage sustained were the five holes and four dents - not including James and the dinghy, of course.
Albert sighed, as he surveyed the body of James Edwards.  He had only known the kid for a couple of days.  Even though James had been the bane of some of Albert’s troubles, he still had liked the kid.  Notwithstanding his motives, James was a great enjoyment to Albert at the baseball game.
Lawrence said, “What are you doing?  He’s not coming back to life.”
Albert shrugged.  “I know.  He was just a dumb kid and it cost him his life.  Just disappointing.  That’s all.”  He continued, “Lawrence, I’m going to tie the anchor to the body and dump it off the starboard side.  Please get the water hose uncoiled.  We are going to fill the dinghy up with water.  Then, I will drive it around and everything should wash out the drain hole.”
The RIB featured a self-draining sole.  As it moved at speed, suction was created along the bottom of the hull.  This suction was sufficient to remove any standing water from the boat.
Albert climbed carefully into the tender.  Standing in his underwear, he tied the anchor line securely around James’ waist and neck.  He then lifted the anchor and tossed it overboard.  The rode quickly disappeared from the dinghy and pulled tight on James’ body.  Albert’s took his last look at James, lifted him up with both hands, and watched him fall into the ocean, toward the bottom two miles below.
Lawrence handed him the water hose.  “Hurry up.  This isn’t a funeral service.”
Albert sprayed down the RIB, washing the bone, tissue, and blood into the floor of the RIB.  He was now standing nearly knee deep in bloody water.  He climbed back to the driver’s seat and pressed the electric start for the thirty horsepower outboard engine.  The motor came to life.  Albert let it idle, while he unhooked the bow and stern lines.  He was now floating free of Teleport.
Albert engaged the transmission and accelerated the throttle.  The self-bailer began its job and the sole was soon relatively clean.  The dinghy and its rigid bottom were both black.  Any remaining bloodstains were not readily apparent.  Albert knew the blood could not be forensically eliminated.  He was only looking for visual cleanliness.
He circled the dinghy back to Teleport.  Lawrence was waiting with the lines.  The tender and Teleport were both bouncing.  It took them a couple of minutes to get both lines hooked and tensioned enough for Albert to climb back on Teleport.
Albert took the water hose and sprayed himself thoroughly with the cold water.  He stripped off the underwear and tossed them in the Pacific.
Lawrence said, “I’ll check the radar.  Get this mess cleaned up.  And put on some clothes.”
Albert finished washing off.  He sprayed the floor in the aft garage.  The garage was self-draining, also, with its floor sloped aft.
Satisfied it was clean enough, he put away the water hose and stepped over by the companionway.  He pressed the button Dinghy-Load.  Immediately, the ropes pulled taunt and the RIB was drawn up into Teleport’s body.  Simultaneously the rails tilted back to horizontal and the RIB was again resting comfortably in its nest.
Albert reached up in the companionway and grabbed his clothes.  He got dressed and climbed up the stairs.  Then, he reached up to the console, pressing the Garage-Close button.  The air pump started and soon Teleport’s large trunk lid was sealed closed again.
Lawrence was on the bridge.  He said, “Radar is clear.  What are we doing?”
“Let’s inspect the remainder of the ship.  Make sure we don’t have any undetected problems.”
Lawrence said, “Fine.  After that?”
“We’ll wait ‘til dark.  Then we are going to Sausalito.”

Chapter 56
“They are thirty-three minutes late,” Santana said accusingly to Malete.
Malete responded, “Sir, he promised to have Remons Global lawyers here at 6:00 PM.  Probably some air traffic congestion slowed them.”
“Except for World Auto, there’s no one else in this building.  Where’s Bill Shefford?”
“He’s not answering his mobile phone.  I have sent several text messages and left two voicemails.”
They heard the noise of the outer doors opening in the lobby and feet running across the foyer.  Bill Shefford half ran into the conference room.  He was out of breath and a little sweaty.  “Gentlemen, I’m so sorry.  I was at the airport waiting on our attorney’s jet to arrive.  They are running late.”
“What’s going on?”  Malete said.  He was on the hot seat with Santana.  He had to be assertive.  It was always important to show Santana his best side.
“There’s a problem with the Remons Global jet.  Believe me, I’m getting it from both sides; you guys and our attorneys.  I have lawyers sitting in a small airport hangar, without air conditioning, waiting on the jet to be serviced.”
Santana was good at smelling bullshit and his nose was burning.  “Shefford, this is nonsense.  What jet are they on?”
“Sir?”  Bill replied, trying to delay the inevitable question.
“Let me rephrase.  I noticed your jet at the airport, when I arrived.  Are they flying out on Remons’ jet?”
“Yes,” Bill replied.
“It’s a new Citation X, just like yours.  There’s something wrong with it?”
“Sir, the pilot grounded the plane.  Maybe it’s some issue with the break in period.”
“Cut this shit out, Bill.  I’ve already offered you a position on our staff.  Now let’s get this done.  What happened?”
Bill tossed a new lie.  It would be more believable, spun in the right way.  “Mr. Santana, two of the attorneys were on the golf course.  They were outside of the Bay Area and in a valley up in Napa.  Said there was no signal.”
Santana was laughing.  “Bill, you are one of us.  A straight shooter for sure.  Now, that’s a story I can believe.”
Santana looked over at his attorneys lined up six in a row along the table.  “You guys ever pull a stunt like that, and I’ll fire you.”
A chorus of “Yes, sir,” followed Santana’s statement.
He asked Bill, “When will the duffers be on the plane?  What time is takeoff scheduled for now?”
“Four local time.  Seven Michigan time.  ETA to Troy is 10:49 PM tonight, according to the flight plan filed by the pilots.”
“Thank you for the honesty.  So what should we do in the meantime?”
Bill relaxed a little.  He tried stacking the deck more in his favor.  “We should go eat a nice dinner.”  He pointed at the catered meal on the tables alongside the wall.  “I’ll send this meal to a local homeless shelter.  They always can use more help.”
Then he added, “Let me call Mike.  He’s been here for two days straight.  You need to meet him, Mr. Santana.  Mr. Malete has already offered him a position with World Auto.  Dinner is on Remons Global tonight.”
There was a huge wave of laughter across the room.
Santana’s laughter waning, he said, “Bill, I really like you and look forward to your best efforts for World Auto.  Let’s run up a big tab on Karl Remons tonight.  How fast can we get limos on a Sunday night?”
Bill laughed.  “No problem.  Half the limo drivers in town are out-of-work auto plant workers.  They’re used to working Sunday nights.  Let me step out for a few minutes.  I’ll arrange the limos.”
Bill walked across the foyer to Zanyer’s old office.  He went inside and closed the door.
First, he sent a text message to Mike saying, “You are eating with Santana, Malete and me.  Get over here in the next hour, but don’t hurry too fast.”
Next, he called Remons, on his public numbered mobile phone.
Remons was again sitting on the upper deck, fourth bourbon of the day in hand.  He heard the noise of the phone vibrating on the table beside him.  He was relieved to see it was the published number phone, not the private number, that likely being another call from the strange voice.
He picked the phone up and pressed Accept Call.
“Bill!  Where are we at?”
Bill was talking quietly.  “My stalling has paid off.  I’m headed out to dinner with Santana and Malete.  Our attorneys will arrive just before midnight.  I intend to get Santana’s attorneys drunk.
“Good!  That is really good to hear.  But, our guys will be drinking on the plane.”
“No, Mr. Remons.  I had all of the alcohol removed.  The only drinks they will be consuming are water and cola.”
Remons laughed.  “Bill, you have always been a smart one.  Keep up the good work.”
“Mr. Remons?  That’s not why I’m calling.  We are in deep shit.  I’m intent on doing my best tonight, but there’s a high chance of Remons Global falling to World Auto by the morning.”
“You fucking won’t let that happen, or I’ll kill you!  Negotiate a settlement.  They can have Plant 37.  Hell, they can have the entire automotive division.  I don’t care.  Just find a settlement!”
Remons didn’t let Bill answer.  He pressed the End Call button and set the phone back on the table.  He motioned to one of the guards.
“Yes, sir?”
“Is the girl on board yet?”
“No, sir.  Two of my men have left to get her.  Elizabeth has been locked in her cabin, without access to any phones, for the past hour.  Her sister should be on board shortly.”
“Fine, after the girl arrives, bring her, and Elizabeth, up on the deck.”
“Yes, sir.”
The guard walked away.  He texted one of the guards ordered to pick up Veronica.  “Status?”
A text came back immediately.  “In place.  Leaving shop in less than 5.”
The guard sending the response was standing with his partner in the patio area of Dad’s Coffee & More.  Veronica was inside.  She saw the two patrons and had a good idea where they worked.  It made her skin crawl.  She walked outside and approached the supposed patrons.
“Gentlemen.  It’s a beautiful day.  What can I get for you?”
“Ma’am…  Uh…  We aren’t here for coffee.  Your sister has been hurt.  It is not life threatening, but she wanted us to bring you aboard The Owner immediately.”
Veronica was concerned; she was worried about Elizabeth, and she was skeptical about the goons’ story.  She pulled out a chair and sat down.  She needed to think.
“What are you talking about?  Why didn’t she call me?”  As she was talking, she was also texting Elizabeth.
“Ma’am.  Your sister is injured and she cannot manage her phone.  She asked us to escort you to The Owner.  The ship’s doctor is looking after her, right now.”
Veronica looked at her phone.  No response from Elizabeth.  She stood back up.
“Ma’am, you should lock the store.  There are a lot of criminals around here.”
Veronica rolled her eyes at both of them.  “Really?  I had no idea.  You guys know any of these criminals?”
“Ma’am, can we assist you?”
“Just wait a moment.”
Veronica ran back inside.  She emptied the cash register in a bank bag, opened the safe, stuffed it inside, and locked the safe.  She turned off all the lights, flipped the sign to “Closed”, set the alarm, and locked the doors.
“I’m ready.”
Veronica was in the lead.  She was in a hurry to help her sister.  The goons followed behind.  They walked out through the Pier Marina shops, turned left down The Embarcadero, and then turned left at the private pier for The Owner.
Once at the gangway, she told the two guards, “Get out of my way.  I have to see Elizabeth.”
The men stepped aside.  Her escorts ran ahead of her, leading the way to the forward staircase.  One of the guards whispered to another guard.  The guard ran off toward Elizabeth’s cabin.
Veronica ran up the stairs of the forward staircase.  She emerged on the upper deck.  A moment later, Elizabeth emerged from the public aft staircase.  The girls saw each other at nearly the same time.
Veronica ran across the deck toward Elizabeth.  Elizabeth was in shock.  She didn’t know why Veronica was there.  Nevertheless, she did know something was wrong.  Remons had never locked her away before.
“Liz!  You are okay!  The goons here said you were sick.”
Elizabeth realized what was happening.  Remons had brought Veronica aboard The Owner, as a way to control Elizabeth.  She hugged her sister and cried.  Elizabeth knew there was a strong possibility her and Veronica would not see daylight tomorrow.
Remons did not trust her any longer.  He incorrectly believed she was in a conspiracy with Max and Albert.  Bringing Veronica onboard was his way of threatening her, in order to find out all that she had done.  When he had finished extracting information, there would no longer be a need for her services.  She would be fired, permanently.

Chapter 57
It was 4:50 PM on the day after, the day after the first day of summer.
Albert and Lawrence were sitting on the salon and galley cabin top, enjoying the cool Pacific breezes.  The seas had calmed considerably.  It was an idyllic peaceful setting – a sailboat floating on calm seas on a sunny day.  However, the scene was wrecked by the view of totes tied to the deck, holding guns, ammo clips, additional ammo, cleaning rags, bottles of mineral oil, and alcohol.  Albert and Lawrence had just finished cleaning and reloading all of the weapons.
Lawrence said, “We have several hours until dark.  Are we doing anything in the meantime?”
“Let’s check on Max.”
“Great.  That will burn three minutes.”
Albert had a cellular phone antenna and a repeater mounted on the top of the mast.  It dramatically increased the coastal range for a cellular connection.  He texted Max, “Any trouble?”
Max quickly responded, “All is quiet at my rooftop penthouse.  Me and Sikorsky were just settling in for a nap.”
Albert replied.  “All good here.  Next check in at dusk.  Text or call earlier if trouble.”
Max replied, “Roger that.”
Albert looked at Lawrence.  “Max is still safe on his rooftop perch.”
“Great.  Now what are we doing?”
“You have always been the impatient one.  Remember when you walked out of Mrs. Barker’s second grade classroom two hours before the end of the day?”
Lawrence laughed and leaned back against the sleek windows of the bridge.  “That was a hoot.  She was boring.  I didn’t want to be there.  We weren’t learning anything.  Why stick around?  I knew my way home.”
Lawrence Stone and Albert Pabek were best of friends from the first day they met.  It was second grade.  Lawrence was the new kid at school, arriving on a Monday, two months after the beginning of the school year.  There was a group of five boys in second grade that bullied the rest of the boys.  Albert was not one of the bullies.  He was one of the bullied.
When Lawrence arrived, the five bullies wasted no time pursuing their fresh target.  By lunchtime, Lawrence had been punched in the face and kneed in the groin.  The second grade class ate lunch together in one large cafeteria.  Lawrence sat down at an empty table, battered and bruised, wishing his parents had not moved to Michigan.  Albert sat at a different table with a group of boys.  The boys and Albert were friends, but did not stand up for each other to the bullies.
Lawrence had just sat down, at his empty table, and the bullies, all five of them, decided to eat lunch with Lawrence.  More correctly worded, they decided to eat Lawrence’s lunch.  Albert watched as they took away Lawrence’s tray.  Lawrence’s face was flaming red with anger and embarrassment.
Albert hated the bullies.  He could see Lawrence wasn’t planning to sit still, while the bullies took his food.  A fight was imminent, and Lawrence would lose.  It was five on one.  Albert jumped from his seat and ran screaming at the bullies.
When he reached the table, he leapt on top of three of them all sitting on a bench together.  He kicked, punched, and flailed around.  Lawrence swung his arms around like helicopter blades, banging the heads of the two bullies sitting on either side of him.  He screamed louder than Albert.  It was a second grade lunchroom, not a back alley with seasoned criminals.
The bullies were momentarily stunned at the coordinated attack.  Before the bullies could hurt Albert and Lawrence too much, an army of teachers swarmed the table, each grabbing a boy to keep the fight from escalating.  The lunchroom was in mayhem.  The other students were cheering, “AL-BERT!  AL-BERT!  AL-BERT!”
Albert, Lawrence, and the five bullies spent that week in after school detention.  The teacher responsible for monitoring the detention had a unique method for handling the after school prison sentence.  The seven boys sat in one room, in a circle on the floor, facing each other, for an hour each day after school.  They were not allowed to speak.  They were not allowed to move.
The seven boys conducted ‘eye-warfare’ for five one-hour sessions.  There were more threats levied against each other, through the eyes, than any teacher would imagine.  Each day, after detention, the parents were individually required to pick up their children.  The parents received a daily report on the detention progress.  At the end of the week, all of the boys finished ‘their time’ and were released.  It was Friday afternoon.
When Monday rolled around, Albert and Lawrence showed up at school, looking like normal second grade students.  Three of the five bullies showed up.  Each of them had black eyes.  One had a broken arm.  The other two bullies were home sick for the week.  Rumors circulated the boys were too chicken to return to school.
Albert and Lawrence were legends of the second grade class at Hilltop Elementary.  Following detention that Friday afternoon, they had hatched their plan.  On Saturday, they searched out each bully, one-by-one, systematically beating the crap out of each of them.
After that series of events, the pair was inseparable.  No one messed with either of them.  The legacy of Mrs. Barker’s second grade classroom carried them through high school.

Chapter 58
The guards gently pushed Elizabeth and Veronica to Remons’ upper deck sitting area.
“Sit down, girls,” Remons said in his most pleasant voice.  “Veronica, please give my friend here your phone.  You won’t be needing it.”
Veronica was puzzled.
“Give him your phone,” Elizabeth said quietly to her.
Veronica handed over her phone.  The sisters sat down in two chairs, each facing Remons.
Remons asked, “Would you like something to drink?”
“No, Mr. Remons.  Thank you anyway,” Elizabeth politely responded.
Veronica shook her head, saying nothing.
“Sir, why is my sister here?”
Remons answered her question, directing the response at Veronica.
“Veronica, you are here because your sister failed to do her job correctly.  Today, my pilot, the one your sister picked out, stole my twenty million dollar Sikorsky helicopter.  Along with my helicopter, he carried away two of my adversaries.”
Remons continued, setting the lie for both of them, “Fortunately, we were able to catch up with Mr. Pabek and his friend.  They decided living underwater was more favorable to them.”
Veronica screamed, “No!  You killed Albert?”
He replied flatly, “Albert killed Albert.  He killed himself the moment he bothered me.  I gave him several opportunities to leave me alone.  Unfortunately, I guess he was not too smart.”
Veronica was upset.  Elizabeth had tears in her eyes, but more for her and Veronica’s fate, rather than Albert’s demise.
Remons turned to Elizabeth.  “You have failed me.  You are not to fail me again.  Veronica here, she will stay aboard The Owner, until such time I believe you can be trusted.”
Elizabeth nodded, “Yes, sir.”
“Tell me,” Remons pointed at Elizabeth, “where’s the new helicopter and pilot?”
Elizabeth’s mind was racing.  She wanted Veronica and herself to live through the night.  More importantly, she wanted both of them to live through next week, next month and next year.
“ELIZABETH!”  Remons shouted.
Elizabeth lied, “I have found a pilot meeting your stringent requirements.  He is now driving here from Reno, Nevada.  He will check out the helicopter and fly it immediately to The Owner.”
“What time?”
“Sir, he will arrive no later than 9:00 PM.”
“Let me be perfectly clear.  Not one minute past nine.  Your job depends on it.”
“Yes, sir.”
Remons motioned to the guards.  “Take Veronica to her cabin.  I can’t listen to her sniffling any longer.  She will remain a guest on The Owner, until I instruct otherwise.  Lock the cabin door and post a guard.”
He turned back to Elizabeth, “Don’t let me down.  Go away and work.”
A moment earlier, Captain Caltoan had climbed the forward staircase.  He was standing a few yards away from Remons’ sitting area, waiting for the conversation to finish.  Remons had seen him and now motioned him over.
“Are we ready to sail?”
“Sir, you earlier said we were sailing at twenty two hundred hours.  Yes?”
Remons frowned at Caltoan.  It reminded him that the strange voice was controlling the situation.  “Yes, Caltoan…  Nothing has changed.  I just asked, ‘are we ready.’  That’s all.”
Caltoan was relieved.  He had some trouble and needed the remaining hours to fix it.
“Sir, we will be ready to sail at two… at 10:00 PM.  However, there is a minor issue I need to address before departure.”
“What?”  Remons was standing up, as the words came from his mouth.
“The power loss problem from Friday and Saturday…  Well, sir, we drifted a long distance off shore.”
“So, what!”  Remons was staring down at Caltoan.  He didn’t know what the captain was about to say, but in his gut, Remons felt it.  He knew something had gone wrong.
“Well, sir…  We were offshore well beyond the twenty-four mile line.  I learned a few minutes ago just exactly how far offshore we were.  One hundred thirty eight miles.”
“AND!”
“And, sir…  I learned this from United States Homeland Security.  The regional director called me—”
“CALTOAN!  YOU FIX THIS RIGHT NOW!”  Remons raised his hands and reached for Caltoan’s throat.  He stopped himself quickly and lowered his arms.
Caltoan said, “Yes, sir.  That’s what I’m working on.  I have convinced Homeland Security not to board The Owner for inspection.”
Remons sat down, an effort to personally restrain himself from strangling the captain.  It would only make matters worse.  Even in a rage, he knew this to be true.  “Sit down,” Remons said quieter, with his teeth clinched firmly together.  He motioned to an attendant.  “Bourbon.”
Remons said, “Explain it to me carefully.”
Captain Caltoan sat in one of the chairs.
“Sir, we were well beyond United States territory.  The US Coast Guard, they are part of Homeland Security now, watched us sail out on Friday night.  We drifted out of territorial waters just before midnight on Friday.  The US government does not have authority beyond the twenty-four mile line.  Nevertheless, they can still watch what is happening.”
Caltoan took a deep breath.  One of the attendants handed him a bottle of water.  He lifted it to his lips and swallowed several large gulps.
“Hurry up,” Remons was glaring at him, unabated.
“The US Coast Guard operates a fleet of HC-130 surveillance aircraft.  Sir, they were watching us on radar from Friday night, until we returned on Saturday.  The Hercules aircraft, that’s what they’re called, have long range, three hundred sixty degree radar systems on board.  The planes fly along the coastline ready to search for vessels in distress and always on watch for nefarious activity.”
Remons wasn’t stupid.  He knew what had happened.  He stared at Caltoan, waiting for the rest of the story.
“Anyway, sir.  They watched us move slowly away from the United States.  Then, on Saturday, after one hundred thirty eight miles of slow movements, they watched as we started the engines and ran at full speed back to San Francisco.”
He concluded, “They flagged us for two issues.  First, we did not clear US Immigration and Customs, upon our return.  This is the legal reason I was called.  Second, our behavior, the movements of The Owner, drew suspicion.  Some radar operator flagged us as a potential drug smuggler of some type.”
Remons rolled the cold glass back and forth on his forehead.  In this situation, Remons was powerless.  Caltoan was the captain of the vessel.  He, alone, must answer to Homeland Security.  All other people on The Owner were passengers under the control and command of Caltoan.
“What are you doing to fix it?”
“That’s the fortunate part of the story.  The regional director called me.  The incident record,” Caltoan looked down at a paper in his hand, “known as 2013-4498721-B, worked its way up the chain of command to the regional director.”
“So?”
“Sir, you may not remember him.  His name is Norris.  I invited him to survey the construction of The Owner, while we were still in the European shipyard.  We sponsored his trip to Europe and put him up in a five star hotel.  He was there for two weeks.  Coincidently, his wife happened to be in Europe at the same time.”
A confident smile emerged on Remons’ face.  He said, “Yes, Caltoan.  So, he is deep in your pocket.  Nothing to worry about?”
Caltoan was smiling, too.  He said, “Nothing at all to worry about, sir.  Norris called me as soon as the report was issued today.  I explained our mechanical issue with The Owner.  I assured him no other vessels interacted with us in international waters.  I sent him a copy of our passenger list and stated clearly it was the same, both at embark and disembark.”
Remons raised his eyebrows.  Caltoan knew what Remons was asking.
“Sir, the head cook did not sail with us on Friday.  He called in sick and we left without him.  We made no mention of your other guest,” he was referring to Albert, “He was not in our manifest.  Only the speedboat drivers were noted as joining us just outside the bay.  They remained with us until we returned to San Francisco.”
Caltoan watched as an evil and mischievous smile spread across Remons face.
“Good job, Captain.  What else do you have to do to close this incident report?  Get whatever cash you need from Farley.”
“No cash necessary, sir.  Norris wants to early retire in a couple of years.  He’s looking for a consulting job after retirement.”
Remons laughed.  “Perfect!  We can always use a man like that on our staff.  Think of the connections!”
“Anyway, I have to go out to the island.  The interagency operating center is out there.”
Caltoan was referring to the US Coast Guard’s offices next to Treasure Island.  The large building was alongside the Oakland Bridge.
“Well, hurry up!  I don’t want a late departure.  How long will it take?”
“It shouldn’t be more than a couple of hours.  It’s Sunday, so no problems with traffic.  Probably a maximum of three hours.”
Remons looked at the time on one of his phones.  “That’s pushing it.  Don’t be late.”
“I understand, sir.  We have to be delicate with the situation.  I’m meeting with the regional director, but he won’t be alone.  Two of his subordinates will ask the questions and write the official statement.  The regional director will be guiding their actions.  We will be cleared of any concerns.  However, I have to follow his lead to get through this mess.”
“Certainly.  I fully understand.  Don’t screw it up.  I have faith in you.”
Remons stood up and extended his right hand.
Caltoan jumped up also and shook Remons hand.  “Thank you, sir.  I will not fail you.”
Caltoan walked away, standing proud and tall.  Remons words seemed to have comforted and inspired him.  He was now more confident than ever in his ability to make the incident report go away.
Returning to the bridge, Caltoan summoned his first officer, Jerrod Perry.
“Yes, Captain?”
“Mr. Perry, you are in command of The Owner.  I must attend to the ship’s business ashore.  I will return no later than twenty one hundred hours.  Continue preparing the ship for departure.  We will depart at twenty two hundred hours.”
“Thank you, sir.”  Perry strutted to the other side of the bridge, a big smile hidden from Caltoan’s view.  He rarely had the opportunity to be in command.
Caltoan descended to the dock level deck, stepped out of the ship, and onto the gangway.  He walked briskly down the private pier, crossed the street, and entered a parking garage.  Locating his car was a challenge.  He had been aboard The Owner continuously for the past three weeks.  He removed the key fob from his left pants pocket and repeatedly pressed the Lock button.  Finally, he heard the late model Ford Mustang softly beeping.
He reached the car, opened the door, and sat down in the low-slung seat.  Pressing the Start button, he said, “Please?”  The powerful engine roared to life.  He always worried the battery would be discharged.  Weeks passed between his drives in the metallic blue sports car.
He drove slowly through the garage.  Reaching the street, he turned right, on The Embarcadero, heading for the Oakland Bridge.  Caltoan glanced at the clock in the dash.  “Plenty of time,” he said aloud.  “No worries, Mr. Remons.  I won’t let you down.  The Owner will sail on schedule.  Never late.  That’s my motto!”

Chapter 59
It was 6:19 PM, on the day after, the day after the first day of summer.
Teleport was adrift, fifteen miles off the California coastline, floating closer to Monterrey than the mouth of San Francisco Bay.  Lawrence was sitting on the salon cabin top and leaning back on the bridge’s windshield.  Albert was on top of the bridge roof, asleep, but with one hand holding the smartphone, ready to react if the radar alarm sounded.
Lawrence opened his eyes and looked around.  He twisted his legs around to the lower step of the deck for comfort.  He noticed Albert asleep on the roof of the bridge.
Smiling broadly, he yelled, “WAKE UP, ALBERT!”
Albert sprung up like a loose spring in an old seat cushion, hitting his head on the mainsail boom.
Lawrence was rolling on the deck, hysterically laughing.
“Bastard,” Albert yelled back at him.  He rubbed his head.
“Albert, it never stops making me laugh.  You are so jumpy.”
Albert climbed off the roof of the bridge, stepping down on the salon cabin top and then down to the lower deck section.
“You are a funny guy.  It’s a good thing I have felt sorry for you all these years.  Otherwise, I would have put you in the water already.”
“I’m sorry, my dear friend,” Lawrence said, trying to use a British voice.  “We must look after that bump on your noggin.”
Lawrence eased off the joking.  “When are we heading back to San Francisco?”
“Well, there in lies a problem.  Would you believe the largest, brightest moon, the super moon it’s called, will be rising shortly.  It’s a waning moon now, but only since Friday night.  It’s still plenty bright.”
Lawrence frowned.  “So it’s going to look like daylight in the bay?”
“Probably so.  We will head in soon and take our chances.  Hopefully, Remons’ goons are out doing other dastardly deeds and will leave us alone.”
Lawrence asked, “Something hot for dinner, since we have the time anyway?”
“Sure.  I’ll cook us up some pasta and grilled chicken.  First though, I need to update our business partners.”
Albert pulled up a text message window on his phone.  He found the contact for RP Wilson.  That was how it was listed in directories.  Technically, it was RPW Corporation.  RP Wilson was slightly more discreet.
He texted, “On schedule.  Is your legal team ready?”
A quick reply came back, “Yes.  Time?”
Albert replied, “23:30.”
The response, “Location?”
Albert replied, “Location B.  A is unavailable.”
The response, “Roger.  23:30.  B.”
Lawrence was reading over Albert’s shoulder.  “I take it Teleport’s slip in Pier Marina was ‘A’?”
“Yes, Lawrence, you are a genius,” Albert grinned at him.
“Where’s “B”?”
“One of RPW’s assets is a thirty-foot trawler at a marina in Sausalito.  We will either meet them there, in the dinghy, or they will pick us up on Teleport.  Depends on how things go.”
“Fine, glad we are on schedule.  Now, let’s eat.  You can tell me more about the women while cooking.  I’m looking forward to meeting them.”
RPW Corporation came to be a legal entity in 2009.  However, its origins dated back to 1996.  The year that all of Remons’ partners died.  The founders of the company were Mmes. Rogers, Payne and Wilson, hence RPW Corporation.
The three women met during the grieving process.  Payne and Wilson lost their husbands in the Colorado plane crash.  Rogers lost her husband in the bicycle accident.  The women became close friends almost immediately; the shared grief producing an inseparable bond.
Each of them received the fifty million dollar buyout from Karl Remons, as part of the estate settlement process.  This made for a comfortable lifestyle for each of them.  They moved closer to one another, each raising their young children who no longer had fathers.
The years passed and the children grew up.  Yet, the three women could not let go of their anger directed at Remons.  In their hearts, they knew Karl Remons was responsible for the deaths of their husbands.  They watched daily news reports about how big Remons Global had become.  Karl Remons’ face inundated newspapers and television shows.  The women could not escape him, or the memory of their murdered husbands.
In 2009, a man called Mrs. Wilson.  He claimed to have evidence linking Karl Remons to the plane crash.  The caller received the full attention of the three women.  It was during the winter.  A meeting was arranged at Lake Tahoe.
The caller had warned the women to be extremely careful.  Karl Remons was a powerful man with unlimited surveillance resources.  The caller suggested Remons had been watching the three women continuously since 1996.  He claimed Remons had complete files on every miniscule detail of their own personal lives, as well as every detail about their children.  He strongly warned that any hint of action, perceived to be threatening to Remons, could end up with their families being destroyed.
The women took the message seriously.  They knew Remons had no conscience and would kill them if necessary.  Two weeks later, the three women departed San Francisco headed for a ski trip at Lake Tahoe.  The ruse of the trip was planned to the nth degree.  Payne rented a Chevrolet Suburban, complete with four-wheel drive.  All of the ski gear was loaded in the SUV during daylight and in the open driveway of Wilson’s home.  They asked neighbors to check the mail.  Suitcases, with enough clothes to last for five days of skiing, were loaded, again in the open driveway.
During the drive to Tahoe, no mention of their real intent was discussed.  Only talk of skiing, drinking, and having an enjoyable vacation was allowed.  The caller had warned of possible bugs in the car.  When they arrived in Lake Tahoe, they checked in to a hotel near Squaw Valley Ski Resort.  The women were wealthy; therefore, it was unnecessary to share a room.  Separate rooms also prevented any late night slips of the tongue, when one of Remons’ people may be listening.
After checking in, the women found a quiet restaurant.  They ate dinner, drank wine, and laughed together for three hours.  Then, it was time to turn in.  They were skiers and the mountain conditions were spectacular.  It would be a waste of an opportunity to sleep late the following morning.  The snow would be beckoning.
The next morning, the women ate a gigantic breakfast in the hotel.  An hour later, they emerged, dressed for skiing and carrying top of the line skis.  On the lifts they went.  At the first stop, they skied down to the next lift.  They climbed aboard and it took them to the mountain peak.
An hour passed following the opening of the lifts.  The women decided to get some coffee and rest a few minutes.  They sat at a picnic table, near the far edge of a mountaintop restaurant patio.  It was a bright, sunny day.  There was little wind.  One by one, the women removed their toboggans and ski goggles, to better enjoy the pleasant conditions.
They were laughing and sipping their coffee.  Mrs. Payne stood up and walked to the outdoor service window.  She ordered three mini-bottles of a coffee liqueur.  Returning to the table, she promptly emptied the three bottles, one in each of their coffees.  It was a vacation.  There was no need to be fully sober.
Fifteen minutes passed.  The coffee cups were empty.  The women were relaxed and carefree.  They noticed a handsome man and unabashedly stared at him.  The man noticed their interest and walked over.  He introduced himself and sat down.  Mrs. Payne went back to the service window.  She ordered four more mini-bottles of liqueur and four fresh cups of coffee.  Returning to the table, the women laughed, Mrs. Payne poured, and everyone enjoyed the conversation.
During the next few days, the man and three women were spotted often.  He skied with them constantly.  Often, they would ski the backwoods trails, strictly reserved for experts, as there was no ski patrol.  One day, he would be seen hugging and kissing on Mrs. Payne.  The next day, it was Mrs. Wilson.  Another day, it was Mrs. Rogers.  The group received a lot of knowing stares from the locals.  They had seen it before - three middle-aged women out having a fun vacation.  They were anonymous and did as they pleased.
Outside appearances are usually deceiving.  The women were all business.  Everything was an act.  Over a five-day period, Albert and the women carefully constructed a business plan for RPW Corporation.  They believed and trusted Albert.  It would take several years to reach their goal, but the women were patient.  More importantly, they knew Albert would be patient.  He had won their confidence and trust.

Chapter 60
Remons finished the glass of bourbon.  He stood up and motioned the attendant for a refill.  The attendant ran over and handed him a new glass filled with ice and bourbon.
He walked to the aft section along the upper deck, stopping atop the large painted “H”.  The Sikorsky was still AWOL.  His men were searching all of the Bay Area airports.  He was confident the aircraft would be located.
He shook his head and continued walking until he reached the aft railing.  Remons leaned against it and surveyed the water around him.  He was not a patient man.  It was still almost two hours before the stranger would arrive.  In his gut, Remons wondered if the man would show up.  It was Sunday.  The strange caller had been standing him up since two on Friday afternoon.
He removed the public numbered phone from his pocket, intending to call Bill Shefford.  A second later, the private numbered phone vibrated in his other pocket.  Remons scowled, put away the public phone, and pulled out the private phone.  It read, “Unknown Number”, like all the calls before.
Remons answered, “What?”
“Mr. Remons, this is the head of your international partner operation.  That is no way to speak to me.”
Remons drunken eyes bugged out of his face.  “I’m sorry, sir.  Please accept my apology.  What may I assist you with tonight?”
“You are late in transferring payments.  This is not acceptable.”
Remons’ head was spinning.  His international partners rarely called.  When they did, it was through even more discreet means than Remons’ personal line.  They used human couriers for message transmissions.  The couriers usually died shortly afterward.
“I understand, sir.  We will sail at 10:00 PM tonight.  All work will be completed.”
“You have until 12:00 PM tomorrow to move the funds.  Presently, you owe us one point nine billion dollars.  Every hour that passes will add an additional one hundred million to your debt.”
“Yes, sir.”
Silence.  The caller hung up on Remons.  His hands were shaking.  He put the phone in his pocket and took a large drink from the bourbon glass.  He was now working his way through the seventh glass of the day; he was averaging one glass an hour.
Remembering that he wanted to check on Bill, and the Plant 37 disaster, Remons removed the public numbered phone from his pocket.  He pressed Bill’s number in the contacts list.
“Evening, Mr. Remons,” Bill said.  There was considerable background noise.  Remons had difficulty hearing.
“Where are you?”
Remons could hear Bill making apologies to someone.  Then, he heard him walking.  Suddenly, it was quiet.
“Mr. Remons, I am out having a late dinner with the World Auto guys.  I stepped away from the table, so that we could speak candidly.”
“Bill!  It sounds like you are in a bar.”
“Mr. Remons, we are in a bar.  The drunker I can get these guys, the better off we are at the negotiation table.”
“Bill?  Are you drunk?”
“Hell, no.  Sir.  I’m putting on a show for World Auto.  I gave the server a hundred dollar bill.  My drink looks like a martini, but it’s just nasty olive water.”
Remons was laughing.  Bill rarely heard that.  “Good work.  So are you going to save Remons Global?”
“I’m doing my best, sir.  I’m paving the road for them to take the automotive division, with us promising not to fight them in court.  I hope to keep our loss at only auto.”
“Don’t let me down.”
Bill seemed to get somber.  Remons could feel it through the phone.
“What else is wrong?”
“It’s Plant 114.  Well, technically it’s worse than just 114.”
“If those bastards want to strike, then fire them all.  Hire an entire new labor force.  We aren’t building nuclear power generators in that country.  It’s just consumer goods!”
“Yes, we are building a lot of consumer goods over there.  Sir, we have twenty-seven other plants there, besides Plant 114.  The state government has seized control of every one of them.  All twenty-eight plants.”
“WHAT!”
“Yes, sir.  I have dispatched additional emissaries and a large briefcase full of gifts.”
Remons knew what he was saying.  Bill was trying to bribe the government officials responsible.  “That was probably why the assholes did it to begin with.”
“I hope so.  They are on an international flight now.  At the moment, though, we don’t have control of more than 25% of our holdings.  I won’t know any more details until sometime Monday afternoon, California time.”
Remons asked, “What’s the financial impact?”
“The twenty-eight plants are 65% of our international profits.  We are losing more than two hundred fifty million dollars every day the plants are idle.”
“Get it fixed!”
“Yes, sir.”
“When will our attorneys arrive?”
“I have talked to them two times during their flight.  They are landing in the next fifteen minutes.  I have the limo ready.  Originally, I was taking them to the hotel and stalling until after midnight.  There’s no reason to stall now.  Santana, Malete and the World Auto lawyers are pickled and ready for the negotiation table.”
“Good work!  Call me with an update.”
“Yes s—”
Bill noticed Remons hung up on him.
“Well, that was rude,” Bill, said aloud, no one there to hear him.  He went back inside and sat down at the table.  Turning up his drunkenness, Bill looked at everyone and slammed his palms on the table.
“OKAY!  Hear ye, hear ye.  I have an announcement.”
Santana and Malete looked at Bill.  Mike did not.  His head was lying on the table.  He appeared to be asleep.  The World Auto attorneys were in various stages of drunk – from tipsy, ranging all the way to ‘toilet please?’.
“I demand that we drink one more drink.  A double shot only.  Tequila.  The finest from the bar.”
Everyone began chanting, “Shot.  Shot.  Shot.  Shot.  Shot.”
Bill slammed his palms down on the table, again.
“As the newest member of World Auto, along with Mike here,” Bill pulled Mike’s head off the table.  Mike smiled.  “I must be the official party pooper.  That is, after the last double shot.”
“Shot.  Shot.  Shot.”
Bill slammed his hands on the table once more.  “I have just been informed the Remons Global lawyers, AKA my former employer’s lawyers, will land shortly.  We must return to Plant 37.”
Bill then held his hands out and palms down.  “Quiet.  This is a seeccreet.  Are we clear?”
Everyone nodded.
“Tonight,” Bill was snickering, “I still work for Remons Global.  We have to keep the secret.”
“Yes,” Malete said.  He was chuckling with an obnoxious snorting sound.  Looking at Mr. Santana he said, “Sir, he does work for us yet, sir… He does not work for us, yet, sir.  Agree?”
Santana stood up from his barstool.  He fell onto the floor.  He stood up again.
“Bill, you are my man so kind that is tomorrow, Right?...  With World Auto…  Not tonight.  I am sure you want…  So, like I said in the speech…  What?  Yeah...  Do good!”
With that, the drunken group stumbled out to the van limousine.  Everyone was prepared for the final signing of the handover of Remons Global to World Auto.

Chapter 61
Elizabeth walked down the corridor, passed by her cabin door, and continued to the end of the hall.  A guard stood in front of the door.
“Matthew, let me in to see her.”
“Ma’am, I have been given strict instructions.  You cannot go in there.”
Elizabeth pounded on his chest, screaming, “Let me see my sister!”
The guard, Matthew, pushed her away.  “Please go somewhere else.  You cannot go in her cabin.”
Elizabeth stormed down the hallway.  She was looking for Andrew.  He was always sympathetic.  He also always wanted to go out on a date with her.  She finished searching the floor with cabins and climbed down the public aft staircase.  Andrew was in the speedboat, pulling a tarp over something.  She slowed her pace and her breathing, knowing a calm, earnest approach was the best method.
“What are you doing?” she said to Andrew.
“Hi there, good looking,” Andrew smiled showing his craggily teeth.  “I’m getting some things ready for dumping later tonight.”  He gazed down at the tarp and lost his smile.
“Who this time?”  Elizabeth had been around long enough to know it wasn’t ship’s trash being dumped.  It was bodies.  How many was her only question.
“Randolf and Collins,” Andrew said.  “Collins was my friend.  We hung out at the local bars together, when the scheduling worked out.”
“I’m so sorry,” Elizabeth rubbed Andrew’s back.  She said suggestively, “Is there anything I can do to help ease the pain?”
Andrew turned and kissed her.  She kissed him back.
“Andrew, are we alone?” she gasped.  “I have been wanting you forever.  Now is our chance.”
Andrew glanced around the garage area.  He didn’t see any good options.  At least, he didn’t see any comfortable options.
Elizabeth pushed away from him.  “My cabin.  Five minutes.  Hurry.”
She ran up the staircase and out of his sight.
Andrew finished bundling the bodies; wrapping anchor lines tightly around each.  He walked over to the head located in the garage.  He washed his hands and his face.  Then he sprinted up the stairs to Elizabeth’s cabin.  He looked down the hall and made eye contact with Matthew.  Matthew was laughing and giving a thumbs-up motion.
Andrew knocked quietly on the door.
“Come in.”
He opened the door to the sight of Elizabeth lying naked on the bed.  Andrew stepped in the room and closed the door.  “It’s my lucky day”, he thought.
Elizabeth climbed off the bed, at the same time saying, “Take off your clothes.”
Andrew shed his clothes.  His clothes were strewn around the room; he pulled her to his now naked body and kissed her passionately.
She whispered in his ear.  “Lie down on the bed.  I want to tie you down.  It will be more fun that way.”
Andrew complied.  In the back of his mind, he wondered why Elizabeth was finally interested in him.  However, in the moment, it was unimportant.
Using his belt, she tied his hands to the bedframe.  She removed a belt from her dresser, pulled his feet together, and quickly tied them to the foot of the bed.  Last, she took his t-shirt from the floor, ripped it in half, and tied the halves end to end.
She stuffed the knot in his mouth and tied the shirt around his head.  Whispering in his ear, she said, “Andrew, I am sorry.  I suggest you lie here quietly.  Screaming will bring attention.  Attention will bring people.  That will bring a sudden and humiliating death.”
Andrew looked at her in shock.  He had been played.
She continued, “Your only hope is quietly figuring a way out of this situation, and then paying off Matthew to lie for you.  I really do wish you luck.”  Then she kissed him on the cheek.
Elizabeth found Andrew’s gun.  Clutching the gun barrel like a hammer, she opened the door, careful to conceal the weapon from Matthew’s view.  Still naked, she stepped into the hall and yelled, “Matthew!  Hurry, I think Andrew is dead.”
Matthew, stunned by her nakedness, ran down the hall and into the room.  As he entered, Elizabeth slammed the gun into his head.  He fell to the floor.  She hit him one more time, just to make sure he was dead, or at least unconscious.
She put on her clothes and a jacket.  Then, she found Matthew’s gun and the key to Veronica’s cabin.  She ran down the hall, carrying the guns and the key.  Opening the door, she saw Veronica lying on the bed.  “Veronica, let’s go.”
Veronica looked up.  Seeing Elizabeth, she sprung off the bed and hugged her tightly.  “What’s happening?  I’m scared, Liz.”
Elizabeth said, “We have to go.  Follow me.  Here’s a gun.  Just be quiet.  If you see someone - point it and shoot.  We have to get off this ship.”
They walked briskly down the corridor, down the public aft stairs and into the garage.
She reached over to the wall and grabbed two life jackets, handing one to Veronica.  “Put this on and get on that WaveRunner.  Put the gun inside one of the pockets.”
Veronica climbed on the back of the WaveRunner and stood on the aft deck section.  Elizabeth pressed the button to open the aft doors.  Slowly, the lower door descended and the upper door ascended.  
“Hurry up!” she was screaming at the door.  She put on the life jacket and stuffed the gun in a pocket.  Finally, it was open, at least enough for the WaveRunner to get out of The Owner.  Elizabeth released the harness securing the WaveRunner and quickly jumped aboard.  Then, Veronica pulled herself forward on the seat and clutched Elizabeth’s waist.  The WaveRunner began sliding out of The Owner and Elizabeth started the engine.  The powerful watercraft roared to life just as it slipped free into the water.
Elizabeth shouted, “Hang on tight!”  She turned the handlebars and pressed the throttle with her thumb to its maximum position.  The watercraft shot off like a rocket on the Fourth of July.
“Where are we going?”  Veronica yelled.
“Plant 1.  Oakland.  Remons’ Porsche is over there.  It’s secured in the company garage.  Remons leaves his keys with the car.”
The other guards aboard The Owner had heard the garage open.  It was too late.  Elizabeth and Veronica were gone.  On the upper deck, Remons stood watching Elizabeth and Veronica disappear.
One of the guards asked, “Sir?  What do you want us to do?”
Remons replied, “We don’t have the resources to deal with them, right now.  Save them for later.  I know how to find that bitch.  We have bigger problems.”
“Yes, sir.”
The guard began to walk away.  Remons reached out with his right hand and grabbed the guard around the throat.  “I’m not finished talking.”
“Yes, sir,” said the guard in a choked, raspy voice.
“Figure out who screwed up.  Kill them and put the bodies in the speedboat.”
Remons released his grip and walked away.  He was heading for the eighth bourbon of the day.

Chapter 62
Bill Shefford asked the limo driver to make his first stop at Plant 37.  Mike Bell, Malete, Santana, and the World Auto lawyers stumbled out of the limo.  Bill stayed in his seat.
Bill walked forward in the large, plush van and sat down immediately behind the driver.  “Find me a fast food burger place that is still open.  We will stop there first.”
“Yes, sir.”
The driver located a suitable stop on the right side of the road.  He pulled in the parking lot, triple parked the van, and opened the doors.
“Would you like me to take care of the orders, sir?”
“No, thanks.  I’m fine.  I’ll be back quickly.”
Bill jumped out of the limo van, ran across the parking lot, and passed through the double doors of the fast food restaurant.  A single cashier was available and he was third in line.  When his turn arrived, Bill stepped forward.
The cashier, with fake enthusiasm and a phony smile, said, “Good evening, sir.  May I take your order?”
“Yes,” Bill seemed to have sobered up instantaneously.  “I need six cups of coffee.  Three black, two with cream and sugar, and one with sugar only.  I will also need six of the deluxe burgers, four orders of fries and two orders of onion rings.”
“Yes, sir.  Anything else?”
“No, thank you.  That’s to go, if you hadn’t guessed already.”
“Yes, sir.  Your total is $48.36.  Cash or charge?”
Bill handed her a fifty-dollar bill.  “Here you go.  Keep the change.”
Five minutes later, Bill gathered the food and drinks.  His arms full, he gently pushed the restaurant doors open with his back and returned to the limo van.  The driver had left the door open.  Bill climbed in the van.
“I brought you coffee, burger and fries.  Rude to be eating in front of you.”
“Thank you, sir.”
“Let’s get to the airport.”
The limo van returned to the street and made its way to the airport, arriving about ten minutes later.  The Cessna Citation X, known as Air One, had yet to arrive.  Bill and the driver stayed in the van, eating the food and drinking the coffee.  Bill was finishing off his burger when he noticed the runaway lights brighten.  There was little traffic after dark at this airport.  He knew it was Air One.
Bill left the van and walked to the small terminal.  He passed through the building, waved at the guard, and walked outside on the tarmac.  Looking west, he saw the plane approaching.  He watched it gracefully touch down and roll past the terminal as it decelerated.  It was a beautiful aircraft.
While he waited for the plane to taxi back to the tarmac, Bill walked over to his plane.  Air Two was equally elegant.  Bill had changed the paint scheme in a couple of subtle ways.  Nothing Remons would ever notice.  Just enough for Bill to mark his plane as different from Remons.
Air One pulled up on the tarmac.  The pilots were shutting down the engines and the cabin door was opening at the same time.  The four lawyers piled out.  Each was clean-shaven and dressed in an expensive suit.  Bill ambled over to the plane, smiling and greeting each of them.
Half of any negotiation is appearance.  It places your adversary in a defensive position immediately.  If an opponent is acting defensively, they cannot be acting offensively.  No offense means losing.  Bill was a master of managing a discussion to his advantage.
Within the next twenty minutes, he would step through the double doors of the executive conference room.  Behind him, a wall of four well-dressed, high-powered attorneys would follow.  A drunken World Auto group would fall back in their chairs, stunned and unsure of their next move.  All prior conceived strategies and feints would vanish from their mental playbooks.  Bill and his team would take control of the meeting.  They would fight like hell to keep Remons Global away from World Auto.
After the lawyers were out of the plane, Bill climbed into the cabin.  He stuck his head in the cockpit.  “This will be an all night negotiation.  Please go to the hotel and get some rest.  The hotel is across the street.  You won’t need a cab.  I have advised the Air Two crew our tentative departure time is 8:00 AM tomorrow morning.  Both planes will fly back together.”
The pilot and co-pilot nodded, busy wrapping up their shutdown sequences.
Bill climbed out of Air One and jogged to catch the lawyers.
“Let’s do some battle, boys!  I have burgers, fries and coffee in the limo van.”
The group of five walked through the terminal, across the front parking lot, and climbed into the van.  It was a short drive to Plant 37.  The lawyers dug through the food sacks quickly.
Bill called Remons, on his public numbered phone.
Remons answered, “Well?”
“We are in the limo van.  The lawyers are with me.  Negotiations start in ten minutes.”
“Good.  DO NOT let me down.”
Remons hung up the phone, not letting Bill answer.  He was sitting on the upper deck in the posh sitting area.  He motioned to a nearby attendant.  “Bring me some food.”
“Yes, sir,” the attendant replied.  “And another bourbon?”
“No,” Remons was leaning his head back on the chair.  “Not right now.  I have an important meeting, soon.”
The attendant scurried off to the galley.
Remons’ public numbered phone was still in his hand.  It began to vibrate.  Remons looked at the caller identification.  It was Captain Caltoan.  “Where are you?  You promised to be back at nine.  It’s after eight already.”
“Mr. Remons,” Captain Caltoan spoke in a dismal tone, “I am in the US Coast Guard lock up.  They have arrested me.”
“WHAT!  What the hell is going on, Caltoan?”
“Sir, I reviewed all of the paperwork with the regional director.  I thought it was all handled.  Then, they suddenly arrested me.  They said they knew the paperwork was forged.  They say I’m going up on federal charges of terrorism against the United States!”
“Caltoan,” Remons whispered, “you keep your mouth shut.”
“Sir, I need you to send someone down here to explain and bail me out.  This is serious.”
“Caltoan, as I said.  Stay quiet.  It’s late.  I have our lawyers in Michigan.  I will have them find a criminal attorney.  I will have someone there first thing tomorrow morning.”
“Yes, sir.”
“In the meantime, do not say anything.  When we get off the phone, remove the sim card and break it in pieces.  Then break the phone in pieces.  They will take your phone soon after you hang up.  Understand?”
“Yes, thank you, sir.”
Remons ended the call.  He was now pacing a circle around the sitting area.  His head was swimming from the bourbon.  The last three days seemed to be blurred by an unending series of unexpected events.  Now, He was worried about Homeland Security.  This department had an insatiable appetite for poking and prodding around in the lives and business dealings of executives like him.  They waved around the American flag and the PATRIOT Act, insinuating questionable threatening behavior must be occurring, when entities under investigation did not simply allow them to run roughshod through their business activities.
Remons sat back down in the sitting area.  He placed the public numbered phone on the table and leaned his head back in the chair.  Closing his eyes, Remons wondered how things had gotten so crazy.
Now, the private numbered phone was vibrating.  He snapped his head forward too fast, and a pain shot through his neck.  Picking up the phone, he hit Accept and yelled, “WHAT?”
The strange voice quietly responded, “Do not yell at me.”
Remons sighed deeply, almost in a resignation about the entire situation.  “Where are you?  The meeting is scheduled to begin in less than an hour.”
“That’s why I’m calling.  We will not meet at 9:00 PM, as discussed previously.”
Remons laid his head back again, closed his eyes and said nothing.  There was nothing to say.  This person had a power over him that was not fully understood by Remons.  Furthermore, he had pictures of the bomb used to take down the partners in 1996.  Karl Remons, king of the world, was powerless.
“Thank you for being calm, Mr. Remons.  It will make things happen in a much smoother manner.”  The caller continued, “We will meet at midnight.  The Owner will not sail tonight.”
Remons said nothing.
“Mr. Remons?”
“I’m listening.”
“Good.  Mr. Remons, tonight you will divest Remons Global and retire from business.  You will sell the business to my clients.”
Remons sat up and opened his eyes.  He first was scowling, but slowly moved to a smirk and then to a smile.  He felt an opportunity was arriving.  Remons had not foreseen it, but suddenly, it had appeared.  It was there!
Remons needed to think more.  He stalled the caller.  “Why would I do that?”
“You will sell my clients your business, because you do not want to be in jail.  It is really that simple.”
Remons’ drunken brain was working through the current problems:
First, World Auto was taking, at the very least, the automotive division.  He would be fortunate if Bill could keep the loss only to automotive.  Remons expected them to take the entire company.  The Destroyer line was to be down for at least two weeks.
Second, his international laundering partners were demanding a large sum of money.  Even with all of Remons Global’s cash, he was going to have difficulty meeting the payment requirements.  Now, he was accruing additional debt at a rate of one hundred million per hour.
Third, a foreign government had seized Plant 114, and twenty-seven other plants.  He had been in this situation before.  Remons Global had no power to fix the problem.  It required an unending stream of bribes to get the businesses back and keep them in operation.  He could not afford to fund bribery payments and meet his international money-laundering partners requirements.
Fourth, Caltoan’s arrest was adding a new problem.  Remons knew Caltoan would roll over.  He would be granted immunity, in exchange for a tell-all on Remons.  Karl Remons would spend the next two years fighting to stay out of jail.  Then he would lose the fight and rot in prison for the remainder of his life.
“Mr. Remons?”
“I’m here.  I will consider your offer.  We can begin negotiations at midnight on The Owner.  We will hold off on sailing until tomorrow morning.”
“Thank you.  Your cooperation will make this go much smoother.  My clients will arrive precisely at midnight.”
“Fine.”
“Oh, one more thing.  My client’s safety is of the utmost importance to me.”
“I understand.  Nothing will happen to your clients.”
“For security purposes, my clients are each required to text a series of code words every fifteen minutes.  If I do not receive the code words on time, I have been instructed to immediately transmit to the US government, all of our research, about the plane bombing, as well as other illegal activities.”
“It will be unnecessary.  Your clients will remain unharmed.”
Remons looked at his phone.  The strange caller had hung up on him!  Remons placed the private numbered phone on the table.  He picked up the public numbered phone and pressed redial for Bill Shefford.
“Mr. Remons?  I’m in the negotiation.  Can I call you back?”
“Bill, excuse yourself from the room.  We need to talk.”
Remons heard Bill give an apology.  He heard the doors open and close.  Things around Bill were now quiet.
“I’m in the lobby.  What’s wrong?”
“Listen carefully.  We have a lot of trouble over here.  Remons Global is losing the war.”
“What are you talking about?”
Remons could not tell him about the bombing pictures used as blackmail.  He concentrated on the other points.  “The Owner hasn’t processed any transactions this weekend.”
“I know, sir.  You are doing that tonight.  That’s still the plan, correct?”
“No, I have constructed a different plan.  It’s not an ideal situation, but it’s the only possible way out of this mess.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Caltoan has been arrested.  Homeland Security flagged The Owner during our offshore drifting breakdown.  We didn’t clear in or out of US Customs.  They are digging deep and we are exposed.”
 Remons continued, “There’s more.  World Auto will…  Listen, Bill I know you are doing your best.  They will end up with the auto division – best case.  They could end up with the entire company.”
Bill sighed.  He knew Remons was right.
“Finally, this whole thing with the foreign government seizing twenty-eight plants.  That’s a big chunk of our free cash flow.”
“Yes, it is.  But I still don’t understand what you are thinking.”
“There has been an anonymous caller bugging me for a few days.  He is representing a buyer.  They want Remons Global.”
“You are going to sell?  Really, Karl?”
“Listen carefully.  By this time tomorrow, Remons Global won’t be mine to sell.”
Bill said nothing.
“I’m going to sell it tonight.  It will be a fire sale.  The European banks will be open at midnight, California time.  I will be insisting on wire transfers immediately.  As soon as my banks get the money, they will be instructed to move out the funds to my distributed accounts.”
Bill asked, “It’s a tricky move.  What’s in it for me?”
Remons smiled.  He knew Bill was onboard now.  “You will get five percent of whatever we can get.  You have to trust me on this.  No paperwork.  I’ll move the money to your account late tomorrow.”
Bill was silent for a moment.  “I understand.”
“Back to your role.  Here’s what I need.  Wrap up the negotiation with World Auto.  Do it fast.  Buy us some time for the takeover.  Get out of there within the next hour.  I want you and the lawyers in the jets and headed for California as fast as possible.  My meeting with the buyers begins at midnight.  We will be waiting on your arrival.”
“Yes, sir.”
Bill pressed End Call.  Remons had not hung up on him first.  He walked back in to the executive conference room.
“Mr. Santana.  Mr. Malete.  May I have a short word with my attorneys?”
Bill and the four attorneys stood up.  They walked across the lobby to Zanyer’s old office and closed the doors behind them.
Tomkins, the first attorney, said, “What’s up?  Was that Remons?”
Bill replied, “Listen carefully…”  
Bill gave the attorneys a short version of the story.  He explained Remons’ intention to sell the company overnight.  He stressed the urgency of wrapping up negotiations with World Auto.  They needed to be on the plane and headed back to California immediately.
Adams, the second attorney, uncharacteristically said, “Wow!”
Bill asked the attorneys, “How do the contract modifications by World Auto look?”
Tomkins replied, “The language is fine.  But, we are giving away the company.  That’s not really a good strategy.”
“When?”  Bill asked.
King, the third attorney, answered, “Six tomorrow morning.  Less than seven hours from now.”
“Alright, here’s what we will do.  We agree to sign, as long as they change it to 9:00 AM local time, instead of 6:00 AM, local time.  They can keep the other clauses.”
Ferris, the fourth attorney, said, “Bill, they won’t buy us rolling over so fast.”
“Yes, they will.  They’re all drunk.  They think I am drunk, too.  I already have a job on the World Auto staff.  Santana gave it to me personally.”
The group of finely dressed lawyers all smiled deviously, admiring Bill’s cunning ways.  He was behaving like a corporate attorney and they were impressed.
Bill said, “Okay, let’s get this done.  We have a plane to catch.  Let’s make it a good show.  Adams and Tomkins - I want you to argue with me.  Tell me I am making a mistake and Remons will not approve.  King and Ferris - I want you to be indifferent.  I told World Auto you were golfing all day.  Act like you are still bothered by the golf outing being cancelled.  We need to be quick.”
Bill walked back to the conference room doors, pulled them open, and stumbled in the room.  The lawyers were chasing after him.  “Mr. Santana,” Bill was wavering off balance slightly.  “I accept.  We, of Remons Global can accept your offer—”
Tomkins interrupted, “Mr. Shefford, please.  We are not agreeing with your de—”
“Shut up!”  Bill interrupted Tomkins and pointed his finger at him.  “Karl Remons has authorized me to make the decisions.  I am an officer of this company and have a letter from Karl Remons himself.”
Bill held up the letter signed and notarized by Remons earlier in the weekend.  It had been couriered to Bill, after Remons told him he had full authority to settle the matter with World Auto.
Adams said, “Mr. Shefford, we should discuss this further.  I don’t think—”
“Shut up, Adams!  You’re a hack lawyer, and I don’t want your opinion.  I want to sign this thing and go to bed.”
Santana and Malete were smiling like a couple of children.  A couple of children that were waiting for the candy store doors to swing open, and the owner to say “take whatever you want.”
Ferris now stepped forward, acting as the mediator between Bill and the arguing attorneys.  “Bill?  Please, can we make a compromise?  The agreement says we must perform by 6:00 AM tomorrow morning.  That is, we must have good stock of Destroyer product to the World Auto plant no later than 6:00 AM.”
Bill sat on top of the table and his foot slipped.  He fell over slightly and then sat back up.
“Be careful, Bill,” said King.  “Please don’t get hurt.”
“I’m fine!”  Bill exclaimed.  “We can change the time to 9:00 AM.  Nothing else.”
Bill turned to Malete and Santana.  “If… that is agreeable with World Auto?”
Santana answered, “Yes, it’s fine.  Let’s get this signed.”
The lawyers on both sides made the edits hurriedly.  Bill and Santana signed the documents in triplicate; one copy each for World Auto and Remons Global, and a third copy for submission to the courts.
“Show’s over, boys,” Bill said to the attorneys.  He shook the hands of Malete and Santana.  “I look forward to seeing you in the very, very near future.”
As soon as they reached the parking lot, Bill pulled out his phone.  He called the pilots of both planes.  They were instructed to get to the airport immediately.
Forty-five minutes later, Air One and Air Two were in route to California.  The flight plan called for an estimated arrival to Oakland Airport at 1:17 AM, California time.

Chapter 63
Elizabeth pulled the WaveRunner up alongside the dock.  They were in the Oakland marina.
She looked at Veronica.  “Step off carefully.”
Veronica climbed off the watercraft and stepped up on the dock.  “Give me your hand,” Veronica was reaching out for her sister.  Elizabeth extended her hand and Veronica helped pull her up on the dock.  It was a long, rough ride across the bay.  Darkness had arrived.  The sisters were cold, wet, and hungry.
The women removed the guns from the life jackets.  The WaveRunner drifted away from the dock.  Elizabeth tossed the lifejackets in the water and put the guns in her jacket pockets.  She grabbed her sister’s hand.  They walked out of the marina.  
Elizabeth pointed at the street intersection.  She said, “Plant 1 is two miles in this direction.”
They began the two-mile walk.  The weather was cooling off and they were shivering.  Veronica said, “Liz, we need some dry clothes.  I’m freezing.”
Elizabeth said, “Just think about how warm the car will be.  We can blast the heater.  Let’s walk faster.”
Almost in a slow jog, Veronica said, “I still can’t believe that crazy story.  Why didn’t you tell me earlier?”
Elizabeth was panting.  She was soaked, as most of the water spray from the WaveRunner ended up on her.  She also had the extra weight from carrying the guns.  Elizabeth said, “It wasn’t your burden.  It was my choice.  Just because I was in a predicament, it need not involve you.”
“I’m your sister!  Anything going on with you always involves me.  We are connected.”
After walking twenty minutes, the women reached Plant 1.  Elizabeth said, “Stick close to me.  Look confident.”
They approached the security guard at the gate.  He was reading a book.  Noticing the women, he put the book down, and stepped out of the small building.
“Can I help you?”
“I’m sorry to bother you.  It’s me – Elizabeth Williams.  Mr. Remo—”
“Ms. Elizabeth, I’m sorry.  I didn’t recognize you.  Please accept my apology.”
“No worries.  I’m just here to pick up Mr. Remons’ car.”
“Yeah, I noticed he left it here.  He flew out on the helicopter and never came back.”
Elizabeth smiled.  Really, really smiled.  She made a motion like she was drinking.  “He wasn’t able to drive.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Please open the gate.  I have to get the car back to the pier.  He’s waiting on me and I don’t want to be in trouble.”
“Certainly.”  The guard opened the walk through gate.  “I’ll open the main gate after you get back down here.  The car is in his parking spot.”
“Thank you.  We will be back down in a minute.”
They passed through the gate and headed up the hill to the main building.
The guard returned to his seat in the small building.  He picked up the phone and called Sam Halsop.
“Sam Halsop, speaking.”
“Sir, this is Tom down at the guard shack.  Ms. Elizabeth is here to pick up Mr. Remons’ car.  I was just checking with you – making sure it was acceptable.  I’ve let them inside to get the car, but the gate is still closed.”
“Them?”
“Oh.  Yes, sir.  She has a woman with her.  I've never seen her before.  Maybe family?”
“Thanks for calling me.  Don’t open the gate.  I’m on my way downstairs.  If you see them before me, then tell them I have to personally sign out the car.  It’s Mr. Remons’ orders.”
“Yes, sir.”
Elizabeth and Veronica were seated in the Porsche.  Elizabeth was adjusting the seat and studying the controls.
“Liz?  You know how to drive this car?”
“Barely.  I’ve had to take it to the dealership a couple of times.  I’m still getting used to it.”
Veronica was hyperventilating.  “Where are we going?  We can’t go home.  What are we doing?  This is crazy.  Our lives are ruined!”
“Calm down,” Elizabeth was trying to put her arm around her in the cramped confines of the car.  “We will figure this out.  I just need some time to think.  We need to go somewhere safe.”
There was a knock on the driver’s side window.  Elizabeth and Veronica both screamed.
Sam said, “Elizabeth!  Unlock the door.”
She looked up and saw Sam Halsop’s face.
He repeated, “Unlock the door, please.”
Elizabeth unlocked the door.  Sam opened it and squatted in the doorway, closely facing Elizabeth.
“What are you doing?”
“You scared me.  Why did you do that?”
“I wasn’t trying to scare you.  Answer my question.  It’s after dark on a Sunday night.  Why are you over here?”
“Mr. Remons asked me to pick up the Porsche.”
“Where are you taking the car?”
“Downtown.  To the pier.  He wants it there.”
“You’re lying to me.  Remons is sailing tonight.  He has probably already left.”
“Who is this?”  Sam was looking at Veronica.
“My sister, Veronica.  We were out to dinner – when Remons called for me to get the car.”
“Hi.  I’m Sam.  I am the plant manager.”
Veronica said, “Hello.”
Elizabeth had the guns in her jacket, but it was in the backseat.  She would kill Sam, if necessary.  They weren’t going back to Remons without a fight.
“Answer my question, truthfully.  What are you doing here?”
Elizabeth began crying.  “Sam, you have to help us.  Remons was going to kill both of us.  We escaped from The Owner on a WaveRunner.  It was horrible!”
She reached out and clutched his neck tightly.  Sam seemed moved by the story.
“That’s crazy.  I mean Remons – we know what he does, but really?  You?  And, your sister, too?”
Veronica exclaimed, “It’s true.  Please don’t tell Remons.  I don’t want to die!”
“Calm down, both of you.  We will get this figured out.”
Sam reached for his mobile phone.
“No!  Sam you can’t call anyone!  He will find us.”
“Trust me.  I’m not calling Remons.”
Sam pressed a number on the phone.
“Yes, Mr. Halsop?”
“Tom, I met up with Elizabeth.  Her story is true.  Remons wants the car on the pier.  However, she has a few hours to get it over there.  It doesn’t have to be there until tomorrow morning.”
“Yes, sir.”
Sam was laughing.  “Get this.  Just keep it between you and me.  We don’t want Ms. Elizabeth to get in trouble.  I kind of like her.”
“Yeah, of course.”
“Anyway, she was going out for a Sunday night drive, before taking the car to Remons’ parking place on the pier.  Kind of our version of stealing a couple of pencils.”
Tom started laughing.  “That’s funny.  Everybody has some kind of quirk.  So it’s okay to let her through the gate?”
“Yes, of course.  Right now, though, I am working on getting a date.  I’m really turning on the charm.  Wish me luck.  They are going to spend a few hours here.  I have some Chinese being delivered later.  Will you send the driver up, when he arrives?”
“Sure.”
“Thanks, Tom.”
Sam pressed the End Call button.
“I’ve bought you a few hours.  We can go inside and talk.  We can use Bill’s office.  He’s in Michigan working on a big problem.”
The women climbed out of the car.  Elizabeth grabbed her jacket from the backseat.  Then the trio walked in the building, entered the elevator, and headed up to the seventh floor.  The doors opened and they stepped out.  Elizabeth had been there many times before.  For Veronica, though, it was a new experience.
Veronica looked around in awe at the expensive décor.  She said, “This is incredible.  Liz, you never told me about this office.”
Sam guided them to the sitting area in Bill’s office.  He said, “Please sit down.  I’ll find some blankets to help warm you two up.”  He walked off to Bill’s apartment.
Veronica and Elizabeth were clutching each other, shivering from cold and fear.  The last few hours had been traumatic.  Sam returned with two heavy blankets.  The waterlogged pair of women eagerly accepted them.
Then, he started the discussion, “So, you two have to give me more details.  What has happened?  Talk slow and let’s try to figure this out.”
Elizabeth started talking.  Then Veronica jumped in.  They weren’t talking slow, at all.  Sam settled in to the chair.  It was going to be a long night of listening for him.

Chapter 64
It was 9:20 PM, on the day after, the day after the first day of summer.
The Golden Gate Bridge was directly ahead.  Darkness had arrived.  The bridge lights spread across the entrance to San Francisco Bay.  Albert and Lawrence both sat in the cockpit, uncharacteristically quiet.  Teleport was motoring along slowly, moving at seven knots per hour.  There was no hurry.  The Sausalito marina was less than five miles ahead, beyond the bridge and to the north.  RP Wilson, or RPW Corporation, was not expecting them until 11:30 PM.
Albert had turned on the navigation lights an hour earlier.  On the bow, a red light glowed on the port side and a green light glowed on the starboard side.  Two-thirds way up the mast, a white light, facing only forward, was shining.  It was called the masthead light, sometimes the steaming light, and indicated to other vessels that Teleport was moving under power, as opposed to sail.  Finally, there was a white light on the aft of Teleport.  It was known as the stern light.
Other than the required navigation lights, Teleport was completely dark.  Albert and Lawrence had shut off all interior cabin and deck lights.  The bridge was dark, too.  Only a small glow from the port side 19” display could be seen.  It was set so dim, that Albert could hardly make out the details on the radar screen.
The lifelong friends were nervous, that’s why they were quiet.  Purposely sailing back into the jaws of death was not an easy task.  It had been a very long day, and a very long night was still in front of them.  Albert watched the radar.  Lawrence, at the ready with one of the semi-automatics, stared into the darkness.
“Another bogey.  Two o’clock at 3,900 yards.  It’s on a direct path.”
“I’m looking.  Got it.  I’m not sure, Albert.  Looks like a fishing boat.  No, it’s a tug.”
“Changing course heading.  Let’s make sure he doesn’t alter with us.”
Albert rolled the wheel to starboard.  Teleport turned from an easterly to a southerly heading, now moving parallel to the bridge on its starboard flank.
“It’s holding its original heading.  Looks to be passing about 2,400 yards off our stern.  Possibly heading out to sea.  I’m returning to our planned course.”
Albert rolled the wheel back to port, choosing a northeasterly heading.  They were closing in on the point and could soon turn north up to Sausalito.
Pointing at the radar, Albert said, “Look at that.  What is it?”  There was a blip moving at high speed, more than thirty knots per hour, across the bay.  “It’s two miles out and headed directly for us.  Can you see it?”
“I don’t see anything.”  Lawrence was standing on the deck outside the starboard bridge door.  “There are no lights.”
“One mile.  Still aiming right at us.  I can’t outrun it.  Not in the dark.  It’s too dangerous.”
Lawrence was peering into the darkness.  “Nothing!  I don’t see it.  Are you sure?  Wait!”  Something flashed across the moonlit bay.  “It’s small.  What a dumbass!”
Lawrence stepped back down into the bridge.  “It’s some idiot on a personal watercraft.  No lights.”
Albert was watching the radar.  The object was on a collision course.  It probably was a drunk.  A drunk headed for a crash with Teleport.
“Hit him with the pistol flood light.  Hurry!”  Albert pulled the light off the ceiling clip and handed it to Lawrence.  “Just a burst.  Hopefully that will wake him up and he’ll turn away.”
Lawrence braced himself in the doorway, aimed the light, and hit the ON button.  A bright beam shot across the water, illuminating the starboard side of Teleport and flashing in the allegedly drunk driver’s eyes.  Lawrence shut off the light.
The driver slowed down the watercraft and let it drift to a stop.  It was almost immediately alongside Teleport.  There was a young kid onboard.  He was drunk.
“What the hell you doin’ that for, asshole?  You could have blinded me and all that.”
Lawrence stared down at him.
“You dumbass.  Kill yourself some other way.  Don’t involve motor vehicles.  Somebody else usually dies, along with dumbasses like you.”
“Listen, dude.  I was just minding my business and going home.  You old bastard.”
The driver fired up the watercraft and sped off into the darkness.
Albert was laughing at Lawrence.  “Put the light up – ‘you old bastard’.  Let’s find a mooring.  All we need is the moonlight.”
Albert turned Teleport to port and was now heading north.  They passed a marina on the left.  The people from RPW Corporation would be there, soon.  He kept motoring north and found a semi-isolated mooring field.  Lawrence removed the boat hook from its latches on the bridge top.
Albert handed him a small handheld radio.  “Don’t drop it.”
Lawrence walked forward to the bow, stepping around the furled headsail and into the bow pulpit.  He talked softly into the radio, “Slower.”
Albert slowed Teleport to one knot per hour.
Lawrence spotted his desired mooring ball, just slightly to port, otherwise straight ahead.  “Turn ten degrees to port.  Slower.  Neutral.”
There was silence for a moment.  Albert could not see Lawrence in the darkness.
“Got it!  Shut off the engines.”
Albert initiated the shutdown routine.  He put the Perkins Brothers down for a nap, and then worked through powering down the electrical circuits.
A few minutes passed.  He noticed Lawrence hunched over the bow.  It seemed to be taking too long.  Albert stepped up on the deck and walked forward.  Lawrence was lying on the bow, motionless.
“What are you doing?”
“Resting.  I did my part.  Just waiting on you.  Are you finally finished?”
“Get up, you sorry excuse for a best friend.  Yes, I’m done.  Let’s get the tender out and go find RPW.”
The duo walked down the opposing sides of the deck, each stepping down on to the bridge from their respective doorway.
“Guns?”  Lawrence asked.
Albert thought for a moment.  “No, we can’t risk being boarded by the authorities while crossing the bay.  Anyway, Remons won’t let us on board with any weapons.”
“That’s your call.”  Lawrence said while he descended the aft companionway.  He reached over and pressed the Garage-Open button.  The air compressor started and the large rear facing deck began rising into the dark night sky.
He next pressed the Dinghy-Unload button.  The lines began extending, the floor tilted aft, and the RIB slid into the water.  Lawrence walked to the edge of Teleport’s stern.  He found the painter, a short rope attached to the bow of the dinghy, and gripped it tightly.  Then, he unhooked the bow and stern lines used for loading and unloading the boat.
The dinghy floated free.  Albert tied the painter to one of the stern cleats on the hull just outside the garage.  He pushed the tender away from the large garage opening and stepped back to the controls.  Finally, he pressed and held the Garage-Close button.  The air compressor started again and the lid slowly slid back into the closed and sealed position.
Lawrence climbed up the companionway stairs.  Albert was standing there waiting.
“Are you ready?”
“Aye, Aye, captain.  Let’s do some business!”
“Don’t salute me or I’ll push you in.”
Albert checked once more to be sure all lights were off.  He walked up to the bow, broke the seal on a fluorescent stick, and twisted it around the bow pulpit.  The stick glowed faintly - just enough for them to easily spot Teleport later, if it was still dark.
Lawrence closed both bridge doors and locked them securely.  Albert walked from the bow.
“Check the locks and alarm.  We should be all green.”
Albert pulled out his phone.  He pressed a couple of buttons.
“Yes, we are all green.  Now, give me your wallet and phone.”
“You crook.  I’ll keep it, thank you.”
“For the dry bag, bonehead.  We need to get in the tender.”
Lawrence handed him the wallet and phone.  Albert put them in the dry bag, along with his phone and wallet.  He zipped it closed and tied the bag snuggly around his waist.  The pair walked further aft.
Lawrence untied the painter and pulled the dinghy alongside Teleport.  “After you.  This is your party.”
Albert climbed aboard carefully and moved to the stern area.  He started the engine.  Lawrence climbed in and pushed them away from Teleport.  Albert drove the dinghy slowly, heading toward the marina lights.  Several boats were moored between them and their destination.  He weaved around the dark and still objects, reaching the marina ten minutes later.
He said, “Find Dock 4.  We are looking for Slip 731.”
They motored slowly along the ends of the docks.
“This one.  Turn here.”  Lawrence pointed from his bow position.
Albert slowed the dinghy and turned down the long waterway.  They were almost just drifting.  They ignored the boats that were dark – no lights indicating no one was home.  Finally, they reached the vessel of their search.  Painted on the stern were three large capital letters, “R P W”.
Lawrence looked back at Albert.  “I think this is the right one.”
Albert ignored his smartass comment.  “Grab the stern and tie us off.”
As Lawrence tied off the boat, several figures stepped out into the darkness.  They were standing on the aft section of RPW.
“Good evening, ladies,” Albert said quietly.  “I hope the lawyers are with you.  We have a business to purchase tonight.”
Lawrence climbed aboard RPW first.  He introduced himself, while Albert was carefully getting out of the tender.  Albert stepped over the stern rail, reaching the security of the boat’s aft sitting area.
The three women hugged Albert.  Lawrence seemed jealous.
Ms. Rogers said, “It’s so good to see you again.”
Ms. Payne said, “Albert, I still remember all the fun we had skiing years ago.  That week changed my life.  You are our hero.  We have all been looking forward to this night.”
Ms. Wilson said nothing.  She simply kissed Albert on the cheek and hugged him tightly.  Then she whispered in his ear,  “Thank you for doing all of this.  It means the world to me.”
Ms. Rogers opened the sliding door to the salon.  “Let’s step inside.  We only have a few minutes.  I want to introduce our legal team.”
The group of five walked into the salon.  RPW Corporation had retained the services of the firm, Talesor & Daniels.  The principals, Talesor and Daniels, were standing in the salon.
Albert and Lawrence shook their hands.  The formalities out of the way, Albert started the discussion.  “All of the documents are ready?”
“Yes,” replied Daniels.  “We will take possession of Remons Global immediately upon signing.  The banks will open in Europe after midnight, California time.  Once Remons agrees, the funds will be transferred.”
“How about the international operations?  I’m concerned about the timing.”
Talesor fielded this one.  “Not to worry.  We have all paperwork ready for the transfer.  The attorney representing the group is already in San Francisco.  He’s at a downtown hotel.  He will meet us on the pier immediately following our disembarkation from The Owner.”
Ms. Wilson interrupted the discussion.  “Albert, we need to go.  It’s 11:35.”
She turned and looked at everyone in the salon.  “Are there any last minute concerns or questions?”
Silence.
Lawrence said, “I’ll get the dock lines.  Who is driving?”
Ms. Payne looked at Albert.  “You have taken us this far.  Why don’t you drive us on the final leg of this multi-year journey?”
“I would be honored,” Albert said, bowed and stepped forward to the inside bridge station, located on the starboard area of the salon.  He opened the bridge door to his right.
Lawrence stepped through the door.  “We are untied.  I have moved Teleport’s tender to the empty dock alongside us.  You may depart at your leisure.”
Albert started the engine, moved the transmission to reverse, and eased the trawler from the slip.  A few minutes later, they had cleared the Sausalito marina and were gently traveling across the bay.
The salon was quiet.  There was a mixed cloud of celebration, anticipation, and fear, hanging in the air.  The day of reckoning had finally arrived.  Each person took in the last few moments of the ride across the bay in his or her own way.
 Albert turned off the salon lights.  “We are almost there.”
Lawrence stepped out of the salon and walked to the bow.  Albert eased the trawler up to the guest pier of Remons Global.  As the vessel entered the slip, he reversed the transmission and brought RPW to a gentle stop.  Lawrence stepped onto the dock and tied off the bowlines.  Albert walked to the stern and tied off the stern lines.
“You can’t park here.”  It was one of Remons’ guards.  He was talking to Lawrence.
Albert stepped out of the boat and onto the dock.  “Hey, good to see you.  Remember me?  You have nightshift duty this week?”
The guard said something into a radio.
Albert said, “We are here on official business.  Tell your fellow thugs that the new owners are here.  Relay that to Remons.  He’s expecting us.”
The guard spoke quietly into his radio, again.  There was a long silence.  No one moved.  Finally, the guard received a call on his radio.
“You are correct, Mr. Pabek.  Mr. Remons invites you and your party to join him on the upper deck.  Please follow me.”
Albert and Lawrence helped the women and the lawyers off the trawler.  The group of seven followed the guard down the dock and to the gangway of The Owner.
Albert led the way.  The group stepped aboard and walked to the forward companionway.  They climbed up two sets of stairs and arrived on the upper deck.  Remons was sitting.  He was sitting in the same seat where Albert had now seen him several times.  He did not stand up.
“Mr. Pabek.  I thought maybe you had died in an offshore incident.”
“Hey, Karl.  No, I had some trouble, but managed to get it all taken care of.”
Then he added, “I was wondering, as the employer of choice in the Bay Area, do you offer life insurance for your staff members?  I bet the premiums are insane!”
Lawrence pulled on Albert’s arm, whispering, “Cut it out.  This isn’t why we are here.  You are winning.  Stop it.”
Albert backed off the harassment.  Then he said, “Mr. Remons, I would like to introduce to you RPW Corporation.”
The three women were standing behind Albert, Lawrence, and the lawyers.  The men moved to the side and the women stepped forward.  Remons looked at them, puzzled momentarily and then fully aware of what was happening.
“Rogers, Payne, and Wilson,” he said.  “Of course.  Good evening.”
He snapped his fingers at an attendant.  “Bourbon.”
He motioned to the women.  “Please sit down.”
The women sat in the remaining chairs.  Two attendants quickly pulled four more chairs over for the men.
Remons was momentarily speechless.  He sipped the bourbon and stared at them.
“Pardon my manors.  Would you like something to drink?”
The women all shook their heads.
Wilson said, “My children grew up without a father, you sorry son of a bitch.”
Remons said nothing.  He seemed indifferent to the comment.
Albert stepped in.  This was going nowhere fast.
“Mr. Remons, RPW Corporation is here tonight to purchase 100% of Remons Global.  Our terms are not negotiable.  This will be an all cash purchase and we will complete all paperwork within the next four hours.”
He continued, “In the unlikely event we are unable to complete the transaction, for whatever reason, a series of files will be transmitted to federal authorities.  Within these files are complete details describing your direct involvement in the murders of the spouses of Mmes. Payne, Rogers, and Wilson.”
Remons nodded, “I acknowledge your interest in purchasing Remons Global.  I am willing to negotiate in good faith toward a mutually beneficial solution.”
Then he added, “My lawyers will not arrive until 2:00 AM.  They are returning from a problem in Michigan.  I have instructed them to immediately come to The Owner after landing in Oakland.  I request we wait for their arrival.  I am confident we can find a satisfactory arrangement.”
Albert smiled at Remons.  “Mr. Remons, we are agreeable to your request.  We can wait until 2:00 AM to begin negotiations.”
Remons stood up.  “Very well.  Let’s have a midnight snack.  I previously asked my staff to prepare a meal for service on the upper deck.”  He lifted his hand and pointed toward the stern of the ship.
There was a large table, with a pinned down white tablecloth and service for twenty people.
He looked at the group of seven people.  “Please, indulge me.  We have nothing else to do at the moment.”  With that, Remons led the way to the table.
Albert looked at the women.  They nodded.  The group of seven stood up, walked over to the table, and sat down to dine with the devil himself.
Chapter 65
Air Two touched down first on the Oakland Airport runway.  It slowed and turned off on the taxiway.  Air One landed a few moments later and exited on the same taxiway.  The pair of Cessna Citations rolled to a stop in front of the terminal.
The attendants opened the doors of both aircraft.  Bill stepped out of his plane and the lawyers stepped out of Remons’ plane.  The men walked quickly through the terminal.  A stretch limo was waiting outside the entrance.  They all climbed into the car.  The limo pulled away, heading for The Owner, a thirty-minute drive at this hour of the night.
Bill asked a question, to no one in particular.  “How quickly can World Auto execute the terms of our contract, once it is past 6:00 AM California or 9:00 AM Michigan time?”
Tomkins responded, “Depends on which judge Santana has in his pocket.  He may have the court order ready now.  In that case, it will get stamped at 9:01 AM, if that’s what Santana has going for him.”
“We need to set a strategy,” Bill switched gears.  “Let’s talk about where we are headed.  I don’t know exactly what we are walking in to.  Unless a miracle has happened, Remons is selling the company tonight.  We are here to negotiate the best terms possible.”
Ferris said, “Bill, this isn’t rational.  It’s not feasible for this to happen, so quickly.”
“I hear you.  I know it isn’t rational.  Nevertheless, it is feasible.  We have to make this happen.  Otherwise, Remons Global is taken out of our hands anyway.  Not to mention each of us having to face Remons’ wrath.”
It was silent for the remainder of the ride.  The lawyers were mentally running through all of their checklists.  Bill was busy thinking about the value of Remons Global and thinking about possible acquisition prices by the buyer.
The limo arrived at the pier.  It was just after one thirty in the morning.  They were ahead of schedule.  The doors were opened and the contingent of lawyers, and Bill, stepped out of the car.  They walked down the pier to the gangway.
One of the guards said, “Good evening, Mr. Shefford.  Mr. Remons is expecting you.  He is on the upper deck.  Please come aboard.”
“Thank you,” Bill replied.
He led the group through the ship to the public aft staircase.  They climbed the stairs, reaching the upper deck to find the remains of a large dinner.  No one was sitting at the table.  Bill looked toward the front of the ship.  Everyone was seated in Remons’ sitting area.
Remons saw Bill and the lawyers.  He stood up.  “Ladies and gentlemen, allow me to introduce my team.”
The RPW contingent stood up.
Remons pressed on, “This is Bill Shefford.  He is my second in command, responsible for running our operations globally.  Bill?  I do not believe you ever met these ladies before.”
The women stepped forward.
Remons added, “May I introduce Mmes. Payne, Reynolds, and Wilson.”  He took a large swallow from the glass of bourbon.  “These ladies are the widows of my former partners.”  He followed again with a large swallow.
“No, we have not met.  I’m very pleased to meet you.”  Bill shook their hands.
Remons cleared his throat, “This is Mr. Albert Pabek.  He is apparently the acquisition specialist hired by RPW Corporation to broker this transaction.”
“Nice to meet you, Mr. Pabek,” Bill extended his hand, shaking Albert’s extended hand.
Albert replied, “It’s my pleasure.”
“Finally,” Remons continued, “this is Lawrence Stone.  He is Mr. Pabek’s associate.  I do not know his role, other than to travel with Mr. Pabek.”
Bill shook Lawrence’s hand.  “Nice to meet you.”
Remons took a step away from the group and toward the dining table.  The table had been cleared during the introductions.  “I suggest we align ourselves at the table and begin the negotiations.”
Everyone followed Remons and waited for him to pick a side.  Remons selected the port side of the table.  There were now seven chairs on each side.  Remons sat in the middle of his side, leaving three empty seats on either side of him.
Albert sat in the middle seat on the starboard side of the ship.  He directly faced Remons.  Payne sat on Albert’s immediate right.  Wilson sat on his immediate left.  Reynolds sat beside Wilson.  The two attorneys sat by Payne.  Lawrence sat on the other end by Reynolds.
Bill sat on Remons right.  He was facing Wilson.  The lead attorney sat on Remons left.  He was facing Payne.  The remaining three attorneys split two to one end and one to the other, leaving the seat across from Lawrence empty.
Remons looked at Albert.  “This is your meeting.”
Albert began his speech.  It had been prepared many months prior.  He didn’t need any notes.  The words were imprinted deeply in his brain.
“Mr. Remons, I am here today representing RPW Corporation.  The initials R, P, and W, as you have come to know, represent Reynolds, Payne, and Wilson.  The women sitting with me today are the founders.  More importantly, the women before you today are widows.  They are widows as a result of actions taken by you against their husbands in 1996.  Your unquenchable thirst for money and power resulted in the premature deaths of their husbands.  Children lost their fathers and the widows lost their life partners.”
“The facts surrounding the deaths have been well documented in the intervening years by my clients.  Their personal wish is you to die an agonizing and slow death.  However, they are not murderers, like you.”
“Instead, the widows of your former partners have decided to grant you a continued life.  It will not be a life with Remons Global, though.  Tonight, RPW Corporation will buy back your interest in Remons Global and set you free to pursue other interests immediately.”
“Yes, Mr. Remons, you are a smart man.  I can tell you are listening carefully.  I did indeed say RPW will ‘buy back’ your interest in the company.  Our offer is, in fact, no different than the 1996 arrangement.”
The RPW attorneys placed a pile of contracts in front of Remons.  They provided several copies for Remons’ attorneys to review.
“Before you, please see our offer to purchase Remons Global.  It is non-negotiable and the offer expires at 4:00 AM this morning.”
Remons did not look at the contract.  He only stared at Albert.  “What does it say?”
“It says two things.  Number one – the estates of your former business partners, now collectively known as RPW Corporation, will repurchase their original interest in Remons Global, at a value of one hundred fifty million dollars, or fifty million dollars per partner.  This is the same amount you paid the estates in 1996.”
“What else?”
“Number two – you will sell your interest, the remaining 25%, for fifty million dollars.”
Bill slammed his palms on the table, stood up, and yelled, “Get the fuck out of here!  Guards!”
Remons pulled on Bill’s arm.  “Sit down.”
Bill sat down.  “Mr. Remons.  This is ridiculous.  You know the business is worth hundreds of times more.  This is preposterous.”
“Be quiet.  I’m handling this.”
Remons looked at Albert.  “Anything else?”
“Yes, there is a rider in the documents.  In the event of any suspicious death of any member of RPW Corporation, including the original founders, as well as the former Remons Global employees, a file of details, outlining your involvement in the deaths of the partners, will be sent to the federal government.”
“Is that it?”
“Yes.”
“I have one small change to request.”
Albert responded.  “These are our terms.  They are not negotiable.”
Remons said, “I will ask anyway.  You may evaluate it and reply accordingly.”
“Very well.  What is the change?”
“I will keep The Owner.  It will be transferred out of Remons Global and to my personal possessions as a gift.”
Albert looked at the three women.  They nodded.
“Very well, Mr. Remons.  RPW Corporation accepts the modification.  Our lawyers will prepare a bill of sale gifting you the vessel, as part of the paperwork.”
Remons asked, “And how will we handle the funding?”
“RPW has two hundred million sitting in a European bank.  Upon signing of all documents, we will send the wire instructions immediately.  All of our business, both written and fund transfer, shall be concluded by 4:00 AM.”
Karl Remons, the soon to be former owner of Remons Global stood up.  Albert stood up.  The remaining parties stood up.
Remons said, “As Chairman, and sole shareholder, of Remons Global, I hereby accept your offer.”

Chapter 66
It was 3:33 AM on the day after, the day after, the day after the first day of summer.
Albert was leaning on the aft railing along with Lawrence.  Remons and Bill were at the table, sitting across from the RPW women.  They were all signing documents as the attorneys watched over their shoulders.  Bill was signing as the witness for Karl Remons, to prevent any future dispute regarding the contract validity.
Lawrence hugged Albert, “You did it!  Congratulations.”
“We aren’t there yet.  The money has not transferred.  The international operations sale hasn’t been completed, either.  We have to settle up with the international attorney.”  Looking at his phone, Albert said, “I just got a text.  He is waiting for us along The Embarcadero.”
“Don’t be so doubting.  We are almost there.  It will all be done.  By lunchtime, I expect you to have put a fishing pole in this hand and a beer in this hand.”  Lawrence had his hands out extended and open.  “Do I make myself clearly understood?”
“Yes, sir.  Beer and fishing pole.  Noon.”
Remons and RPW were standing up.
“Looks like it’s done.  Let’s head over there.”
Albert and Lawrence walked over to the table.  Two lawyers were on telephones.  RPW’s attorney was brokering the wire transfer.  The other attorney, on Remons’ side, was talking with Remons’ bank, verifying the money had, in fact, been transferred.
A second attorney of Remons was also on the phone.  It sounded like he was talking to a bank, also.  Albert surmised Remons was moving the payment to other accounts around the world.  Soon the two hundred million would vanish from traceability, allowing Remons the capability to manage it without any specific government’s awareness.
The women of RPW looked at Albert, tears in their eyes, and collectively said, “Thank you.”
“You are most welcome.  Are we ready to go?  There’s more to do.”
“Yes,” responded Ms. Payne.
Ms. Reynolds said, “Wait.  We haven’t signed off on the press release.  Remons Global will release it at precisely 5:00 AM, California time.  Here’s a copy for you to read.”  She handed a sheet of paper to Albert.
Albert took the paper and read it aloud.
-----
For Immediate Release
June 24, 2013 - 5:00 AM Pacific
RPW CORPORATION ACQUIRES REMONS GLOBAL
Karl Remons, Chairman of Remons Global and Sole Shareholder, announced this morning the immediate sale of 100% of Remons Global to RPW Corporation, a US company headquartered in San Francisco, California.  Terms of the sale were not disclosed.
Karl Remons and three additional partners founded Remons Global in 1993.  In 1996, tragedy struck when two partners died in a company plane crash, and another died in a cycling accident.  Following the deaths of his close friends and partners, Mr. Remons vowed to honor their legacy by dramatically expanding Remons Global.
Today, the company operates 148 manufacturing and service facilities around the world, producing goods in dozens of industries, including automotive, aviation, power generation, computer technology, and space exploration.
Mr. Remons offered the following statement regarding the acquisition:
Over the last several weeks, I have conducted a private and confidential discussion with RPW Corporation, to evaluate a possible sale of my company.  I am reaching the age of retirement.  It was time to prepare the business for a new generation.  Unfortunately, my business has been my life.  I do not have a family or any children.
Remons Global is a strong operation.  It is destined for continued growth around the globe.  I considered several suitors to acquire my company during the past two years.  None seemed a good fit for the legacy of my deceased partners and me.
Several weeks ago, I reached out to the widows of my former business partners, offering them a first option to purchase Remons Global.  Mmes. Reynolds, Payne, and Wilson promptly accepted the offer and arranged the necessary funding.  Their company, RPW Corporation, completed the purchase earlier today.
I wish the best to the employees, suppliers, and customers of Remons Global.  Today is the first day of my well-deserved retirement.
RPW Corporation offered the following statement:
RPW Corporation was formed in honor of three men.  Messrs. Reynolds, Payne, and Wilson co-founded, along with Karl Remons, Remons Global in 1993.  Tragically, Messrs. Reynolds, Payne, and Wilson died in 1996.
We were delighted to receive Karl Remons’ offer to purchase the company founded by our husbands.  Mr. Remons did everything possible to support RPW Corporation’s due diligence and funding of the acquisition.
RPW Corporation will move its corporate offices to the former Remons Global facility in Oakland, California.  All employees of Remons Global, except for Mr. Remons, will remain on the RPW Corporation payroll.  We understand transitions are difficult for the employees.  There will be changes in the organization and some employees will be offered severance packages.  It will take us several months to evaluate and plan for these changes.  We will treat each employee with respect and dignity.
To the suppliers and customers of RPW Corporation, the acquisition will be seamless.  We are committed to maintaining a positive relationship with each of you.
-----
 The women nodded.  It was perfect.  Albert handed the release to Ms. Payne.
He said, “So, are we ready to go, now?”
“Yes,” replied Ms. Wilson.  “Let’s get part two completed.”
Without saying goodbye, the RPW contingent walked to the aft staircase and descended to the dock level gangway.  Albert was the last one down the stairs.  When he reached the staircase, he turned to look back at Karl Remons.  Remons appearance seemed to have aged ten years during the past three days.
Albert smiled and headed down the staircase.  When he reached the gangway, he stepped out of the ship, and found the international attorney on the dock, already in discussions with RPW Corporation.
“Let’s head back to the trawler,” he said.  “We can wrap up the paperwork there.”
The group walked and talked, moving slowly toward the trawler.
Albert stepped aboard first, offering his hand for others to climb on board safely.  Everyone moved to the salon.  It was cramped, with only four seats at the table.  The women of RPW and the international attorney sat down.  RPW attorneys stood behind the women.  Albert leaned against a wall in the galley.  Lawrence sat in the captain’s chair.
Ms. Wilson said, “Shall we begin?”
“Good morning,” the attorney began, “My name is Erico Yonnley.  I am here representing the business interests of Global Enterprises.  I am fully authorized to act on the company’s behalf.  We desire to purchase RPW Corporation’s business interests outside the geographical borders of the United States of America.”
Ms. Payne replied, “Good morning.  We are the sole owners of RPW Corporation.  We are not interested in maintaining any business interests outside of the United States.  We are offering to sell our international operations, collectively and formerly known as Remons Global International Subsidiaries, Inc.”
Ms. Wilson added, “We will now kindly consider your offer to purchase our international operations.”
Yonnley passed each woman a memorandum of understanding; a short document outlining the high level details of the offer.
Then, he said, “Global Enterprises tenders an offer of one dollar for the group of companies held under the name, Remons Global International Subsidiaries, Inc.  In addition, our company agrees to accept all assets, liabilities, future contingencies, and any other possible event associated with the operations.  The transaction will be completed immediately and we shall issue a joint press release at 5:15 AM Pacific time, today.”
Ms. Reynolds extended her hand, “We accept your offer.  Shall we execute the documents?”
The RPW attorneys passed out the contracts and the signings began.
Lawrence asked Albert, “So, what’s up with the one dollar selling price?  I don’t get it.”
Albert replied, “Remons owes the international partners a substantial amount of money.  He’s owed them for years.  Remons Global is actually not as financially strong as most would believe.”
Lawrence nodded.  Albert could tell he didn’t understand.
Albert continued, “RPW has arranged to release all foreign assets to Remons’ former international partners.  This provided them with a good return on their investment with Remons.  In exchange, the international partners have agreed not to pursue RPW for any other obligations previously owed by Remons Global.”
Now, Lawrence understood.  “So, you guys are cleaning up all of the legacy issues related to Remons.  It’s a clean break for the future.”
Ms. Payne reached back to Albert, passing him the press release.  Albert took the paper and stepped over near Lawrence.  “Here it is.  Let’s read this while the ladies finish their business.”
Lawrence took it from him.  “Let me read it.  It’s my turn to do something.”
He began reading.
-----
For Immediate Release
June 24, 2013 - 5:15 AM Pacific
RPW CORPORATION SELLS INTERNATIONAL SUBSIDIARIES
RPW Corporation, a US company headquartered in Oakland, California, announced this morning the immediate sale of 100% of its international subsidiaries.  The businesses, formerly held under the collective umbrella of Remons Global International Subsidiaries, Inc., were purchased by a non-U.S. entity known as Global Enterprises.  The purchase price was not disclosed.
RPW Corporation, through its spokesperson, offered the following statement:
The founders of RPW Corporation have set a new strategic direction for the company.  As part of this business change, RPW has sold off all international subsidiaries.  The sale is immediate and all necessary transactions have been completed.  We wish the best to the new owners, their employees, and their customers.
Today, RPW Corporation embarks on a new journey.  It is a journey focused on America and American citizens.  RPW will use the proceeds of the sale to exponentially grow its footprint in the United States.  We are committed to bringing home American jobs and reinvigorating American ingenuity.
Global Enterprises offered the following statement, through its spokesperson:
Global Enterprises is pleased to add the international operations of RPW Corporation to our global business footprint.  We are committed to a smooth transition and wish to extend a warm welcome to our new employees around the world.
-----
Albert said, “I like it.  No changes.”  He turned to the women of RPW, saying, “Take it to the press.  We have some celebrating to do.”
The document signing complete, Mr. Yonnley was escorted off the trawler.  He had a busy day in front of him.
Albert started the engine.  Lawrence untied the dock lines.  The trawler began its slow passage across the bay and toward the Sausalito marina.
Reynolds, Payne, and Wilson gathered around Albert.
“So, we haven’t discussed the celebration,” said Wilson.  “What’s the plan?”
Albert smiled at them.  “I’m dropping the three of you off at Teleport, along with Lawrence.  I’ll take the trawler to its slip.  The lawyers can leave from there.  I’ll lock up the trawler and take the dinghy back to Teleport.”
He continued, “Then, we are sailing for Santa Cruz.  You women can work tomorrow.  Today, we celebrate.”
“Very well,” said Payne.  “We need to move the champagne to Teleport.”  She pointed to two ice chests on the floor.  “We have ten bottles.  That should be enough.”
“I should say so,” Lawrence said.  He was looking inside the ice chests.
The trawler cleared the marina breakwater.  Albert accelerated the throttle and the ship began to move faster across the bay.

Chapter 67
Karl Remons and Bill Shefford were drinking bourbon on the upper deck of The Owner.  It was not a celebration.  They were mourning the loss of Remons Global.
“I expected my 5% ownership to be hundreds of millions of dollars,” Bill said, while staring into his glass of bourbon.  “Now, it’s just four million.  That’s it?”
“Are you serious?  I’m not giving you four million dollars.  This was a fire sale.  You work for RPW now; not me.”
Bill glared at Remons.  “I’m not walking out of here with nothing.  Let me be very clear about that point.”
“Relax.  I have two million in cash for you.”  He snapped his fingers.  An assistant walked over with a briefcase and handed it to Bill.
Bill opened the case and looked inside.  It was full of cash.  He said, “This is a lot less than I expected, but that’s just the way things go, I guess.”  Bill took a big swig from his glass of bourbon.
Remons drained the rest of his bourbon and started laughing.  “Think about it,” Remons said between fits of laughter.  “We just sold those bimbos Remons Global.  They get to keep it for what – three hours, maybe?  World Auto will pluck it from their hands as soon as the New York judge steps in his chambers this morning.”
Remons laugh gained a life of its own.  He laughed for five minutes.  Bill was laughing, too.  He couldn’t help himself.  The laughter was infectious.
Finally, Remons settled and took control of his senses.  He said, “There’s nothing in any MBA textbook about this kind of merger and acquisition activity.  RPW and World Auto will be slugging it out in court for years.  In the meantime, I’m sitting on The Owner, living comfortably in some tropical paradise outside the United States.  Those dingbats thought they had me by the nuts.  They were wrong.  They did us a favor.”
Bill stood up, and said,  “It was definitely a shrewd and profitable exchange for you.  I have to leave.  It’s time for me to impress my new employer.  Hopefully, I will still have a job at the end of today.”
He extended his hand to shake Remons’ hand.  “Nice knowing you, Karl.”
“Good luck,” Remons reached up and shook Bill’s hand.  He didn’t bother to stand up.
Bill walked to the forward staircase and descended two levels to the gangway.  He stepped out of the ship, walked down the private pier, and to The Embarcadero.  His car was at Plant 1.  He needed a cab to get there.  The limo driver had already left with the attorneys.
Bill waved at a passing cab.  He was lucky to catch one so quickly at this time of the morning.  He opened the passenger door and told the driver to start the meter.  Standing in the doorway, he gazed at the giant ship standing in the darkness of the marina.  He could not believe Remons Global was dead.
Bill stepped into the cab.  “Take me to Oakland.  Remons Global R&D Center.”
The cab pulled away from the curb.  Bill watched as The Owner disappeared from his view.  Then, he pulled out his mobile phone and pressed the number for Sam Halsop.
Sam was asleep in Bill’s office, along with Veronica and Elizabeth.  For two hours, Sam had listened to Elizabeth and Veronica.  Once they began talking, there was no stopping the outpouring of horror stories and tears.
Sam heard the phone ringing.  He picked it up and noticed it was Bill.  He answered, “Kind of early, don’t you think?  What’s up?”
Bill replied, “Sorry to wake you, Sam.  I thought plant managers never slept.”
“Funny.”
Bill continued, “I know this will be very hard to believe, but Remons just sold the company.  We have a new employer.  It’s three women.  They own a company called RPW Corporation.”
Sam was speechless for a moment.  Finally, he asked, “When is this effective?”
“It’s already done.  Press release comes out at 5:00 AM.”
“Wow, the peons are the last to find out.”  Sam laughed.
Bill said, “I’ve got to go.  I’m on my way to Plant 1.  I have to pick up my car.  I left it there before going to Michigan.”
Now Sam was awake.  Bill was on his way to Plant 1.  “Ok.  Good night.”
Sam rapidly typed out a text message to a different contact.  “RG now owned by RPW.  Hurry.”
He immediately received a reply.  It read, “K.  On the way.  Less than 10 minutes.”
Elizabeth and Veronica were asleep.  Sam waited until he heard the helicopter approaching, and then he gently pushed on each of their shoulders.
“Girls.  Wake up.”
Elizabeth jumped up.  She was terrified.
Sam said, “Calm down.  Nothing is wrong.  However, we need to go.  Immediately.”
Veronica said, “What are you talking about?”
“It may not be safe here.  We need to leave.  I have arranged for a helicopter to fly us out.”
Elizabeth looked at him warily.  “Where are we going?”
“Away from here.  Somewhere safe.  I promise, I am not going to hurt you.  Please?”
They could hear the helicopter land on the roof.  Elizabeth pulled one of the guns from her jacket.  She pointed it at Sam’s face.  “I’ll kill you myself, if you are lying.”
Sam pleaded, “Please put down the gun.  I won’t hurt you.”
Elizabeth handed Veronica the other gun.  “Keep it pointed at him.  Just pull the trigger, if necessary.”  Looking at Sam, she said, “The guns stay on you.  Anything weird and you die.”
Sam shrugged, “Please don’t pull the trigger.  Follow me.”
He led them to the elevator.  They stepped in and he pressed the “H” button.  The elevator rose to the roof level and the doors opened.  They were facing the helicopter.
The black Sikorsky, with Max Lasteres in the pilot seat, was beckoning them.
Elizabeth was temporarily stunned.  She looked at Max, and then at Sam.  “Who are you?”
“I’m a friend and I am here to help.  Now put away those guns.  We don’t have much time.”
Elizabeth put the guns back in her jacket.  The trio ran to the helicopter and climbed in the plush cabin.  No one sat in the seat previously belonging to Remons.
Max engaged the collective and throttle, lifting the whirlybird from the roof of Plant 1.  He pointed the nose toward downtown San Francisco.  Pressing the intercom button, Max said, “Good morning.  Welcome aboard Max’s Air Charter Service.  You are the first passengers.  I am honored to serve you.”
Elizabeth pressed the intercom from her side.  “Max, you were lucky to have made it off the ship alive.  You have a lot of explaining to do.”
Max laughed.  “Later.  We will have time, later.”
Sam looked seriously at Elizabeth.  “We have some work to do.  We are going to Remons Tower.  We need to gather all of the computers and electronic files.”
“Why?”
“Remons Global is over.  Karl Remons sold the company an hour ago.  He got a pile of money and The Owner.  Everything else belongs to RPW Corporation.  Remons will try to destroy the records in his offices.  We need some of the information.  For the future.”
Veronica asked, “Where’s Albert?”
Sam said, “He’s fine.  You will see him later.”
Max set the helicopter on the roof of Remons Tower.  He said, “I’m staying here with the engines running.  Hurry up.  You have ten minutes.”
Sam, Elizabeth, and Veronica ran to the elevator, stepped inside, pressed the button, and quickly reached the correct floor.  They scavenged through the office, grabbed important computers, and hard drives, from Elizabeth’s desk and Remons’ office.  They returned to the roof in eight minutes.
Sam closed the door and hit the intercom.  “We’re ready, Max.”
Max once again lifted the helicopter from the roof.  He turned south and headed down the coastline.
Elizabeth asked, “Where are we going?”
Sam replied, “Santa Cruz.”
Veronica asked, “Who are you?”
Sam said, “It’s a long story.  We only have a few minutes, so let me give you the brief version.”  Then, he sighed.  “Well, Albert, Max, Lawrence and I, we are all friends.  We grew up together in Michigan.  Lawrence, Albert, and I were all fired in 2008.  We worked together in the auto industry.”
“A few weeks after we were terminated, Albert called me…”
Sam explained Albert’s plan to ruin Remons Global.  He shared the story of Max and Albert, both having lost their fathers in the Metal Presses Incorporated accident.  He detailed how, after losing his job in Michigan, he fought hard to land the Plant Manager position at Remons Global and Plant 1.
He confessed the Plant 1 explosion was his doing.
He had planned it carefully, and only used excessive air pressure to generate the blast.  He also only triggered the blast after fully evacuating the building.  It had been designed for limited damage; the purpose only being to induce strain on Remons’ mental state.
He confessed, along with Max on intercom, responsibility for The Owner’s troubles.
Max designed an electromagnet generator.  Sam helped him to build it.  Every few days, Max would land the Sikorsky on Plant 1, very late at night and mainly on weekends.  The duo would move the fabricated components from the plant to the helicopter, staying up all night working on the installation.  It took three months, piece by piece, to install the powerful device, hidden within the walls of the helicopter.
He confessed to helping Max construct the explosive device dropped by Albert outside the Golden Gate Bridge.  Sam and Max transported it to Santa Cruz, met Albert, and helped load the box on Teleport.
Elizabeth and Veronica listened quietly to the stories.
Elizabeth said, “I still don’t understand everything completely, but it’s beginning to make more sense.”
The helicopter was beginning its descent into Santa Cruz.
Sam said, “I’ll explain more later.  Ultimately, we were hired by RPW Corporation to support their acquisition of Remons Global.”
The helicopter settled gently at the Santa Cruz airport.  Max powered down its engines and climbed out of the cabin.  Sam, along with the women, was already out of the cabin.
Max said, “We will be here until after daylight.  I’m going to refuel the Sikorsky.  It’s a good time for a restroom break and coffee.”
The foursome quietly walked toward the terminal building.

Chapter 68
The cab stopped at the front security gate in front of Plant 1.  Bill paid the driver and stepped out.  It was still dark.  The press releases would be publicized soon.  The empire of Karl Remons was gone.  In a few minutes, the public would learn the shocking news.  Bill still could not believe everything that had happened.  It was an incredible series of events.
He walked through the security gate, waving to the guard.  The guard stopped him.
“Mr. Shefford, a helicopter landed about thirty minutes ago.  It only stayed a moment and then flew off again.  I tried reaching Sam, but he isn’t answering his phone.”
“What color was the helicopter?”
“Black, sir.  I believe it belongs to Mr. Remons.”
Bill shook his head.  “It used to belong to Mr. Remons.  He sold the company.  We have new owners.”
Bill turned and walked slowly up the hill.  He went inside the building and to his seventh floor apartment.  He headed for the shower.  He turned on the water, emptied his pockets, and stepped in the shower, fully clothed.  It had been a long weekend.
He stood there for twenty minutes.  Finally, he disrobed and washed the filth of the past few days from his body.  He turned off the shower, dried off, and got dressed.  No suit today.  He was taking the day off.
Now in shorts, a casual t-shirt, and deck shoes, he walked to the cappuccino machine in his office.  He made a selection and pressed the Start button.  While the hot drink brewed, he walked along the windows looking over the plant.
His chair was missing.  There was a hole in the glass.  He saw the chair below.  Bill shook his head and walked back to the cappuccino machine.  He put a lid on his coffee and headed for the elevator.  Then he noticed the keys on his coffee table.
Bill walked over and picked them up.  They were to Remons’ Porsche.  The key ring read, “MINE.”  Bill put the keys in his pocket and stepped into the elevator.
When he reached the first floor, he walked to Remons’ parking space and unlocked the car door.
“Might as well live a little,” Bill said to the sky, no one else there to hear him.
He climbed in, started the high-powered car, and revved the engine.  He pressed in the clutch, dropped the transmission in to first gear, and burned ten percent of the tire treads’ life before reaching the gate.  Bill shot out of the property and out on the main road.
His phone was ringing.  He juggled the phone and pressed Accept Call, quickly putting it on speakerphone.
“Hello.”
Mike said, “I just saw the press release.  Remons Global is really done?”
Bill looked at his watch.  It was 5:13 AM.  The release had been issued at 5:00 AM.
“Yes, we have a new employer.”  Then Bill laughed, “That is, until World Auto takes over.”
Mike said, “I’m sitting here at my desk, reading this press release, and drinking coffee.”  Then he muttered, “Maybe I should switch to something stronger.”
“Yeah, I guess World Auto can fight it out with RPW.  Remons will be floating around on The Owner somewhere.”
“He kept the boat, huh?  Since he’s not the owner anymore, will he change the name?”
“Beats me.  I don’t work for him anymore.  He’s not talking future plans with me.”
“Whoa!  Get this Bill.  Another press release came out.  This one is direct from RPW Corporation.”
Bill slowed down the Porsche.  He took a sip from his coffee cup.  “Well?  What does it say?”
“RPW already dumped all of the international operations.  They are only keeping the US facilities.  They say, right in the press release, about wanting to bring jobs back to American citizens.”
Mike looked at his watch.  He said, “I have to go.  We can talk soon.”
Bill clicked off the phone.  He turned south and headed the Porsche toward San Jose.
Mike took a long drink from his coffee cup.  There was a lot to do in the next forty minutes.  Soon, he would be facing Santana and Malete.  He was in Zanyer’s old office.  He walked over to the sofa sitting area.  Three men were sitting there.
“Are we ready?”
“Yes, sir,” one of the men said.  “The warehouse has the trailers loaded.  Our trucks are already attached to them.”
The group walked outside and climbed into Mike’s four door, four-wheel drive, full size pickup.  Mike started the engine and pulled out of the parking lot.  They drove two miles down the street, turning in at a darkened warehouse.  Slowly, they drove to the back end of the property.  Three tractor-trailer rigs, their parking lights on and the diesels idling, were sitting there, waiting.
Mike let the men out of his truck, saying, “I’ll follow you.”
The men, each assigned a truck, climbed in the cabs.  The trucks began rolling toward the street, and then proceeded single file toward World Auto’s factory responsible for Destroyer production.
Eight minutes and three miles later, they entered the private property, checked in at the security gate for loading and unloading, and headed for the docks.  Each of the trucks slowly backed up to a dock door.  The trailers were now latched into Docks 4, 8, and 9.
The drivers climbed out of the cabs and walked up on the dock.  Mike parked his truck and walked inside.  Each of the drivers handed one of the receiving clerks a packet of papers, known as a Bill of Lading.  While the receiving clerks reviewed the paperwork, the drivers unlocked the trailer doors and opened them.
The receiving clerks looked in the trailers, shining flashlights into the darkest depths.  Finally, one by one, the clerks signed the paperwork, pressed the documents into an imprint machine, and handed copies back to the drivers.
The stamped area read, “RECEIVED TO INVENTORY – JUNE 24, 2013 – 8:39 AM”.
The drivers handed the paperwork to Mike.
“Thanks, guys.  Take the rest of the day off.  This shipment will last them for one or two days.”
Mike left the dock, jumped in his truck, and sped back to Plant 37.  He arrived to find World Auto employees, including Santana and Malete, already in the executive conference room.  He took a deep breath and walked into the snake pit.
“Bell!  What the hell is going on?”  Santana’s was furious.  He was holding copies of the press releases.
“Mr. Santana, I have no control of Remons.  That’s his business.”
“Who the hell is RPW Corporation?”
“Sir, you should talk to them.  I’m still trying to figure out my position here.”
“RPW didn’t do any diligence.  They have to know we own Remons, or RPW, whatever it is called, at 9:00 AM today!  They are stupid to buy Remons Global!”
Now it was Mike’s turn.
“Mr. Santana.  Mr. Malete.  There have been some good developments overnight.  My team located some misplaced inventory of Destroyer roof sections.  Our systems are a little antiquated and—”
“What are you talking about?”  Santana was screaming.
“Like I was saying, we found some good inventory.  It has already been delivered to the plant.  We have enough good stock to cover production for three weeks.  I am certain that Plant 37 will be back in operation long before running out of stock.”
Malete fell backward into his chair.  Santana said nothing.
Then Malete said, “I don’t believe you.”
Mike Bell passed the bill of ladings across the table.  “Three trailer loads received at 8:39 AM this morning.  Your guys have probably started production of the car.”
“You son of a bitch.  This was all a con job.”
“I have no idea what you are talking about.  I’m just a production manager in one plant of a hundred and forty eight.  My only objective this weekend was getting my customer’s plant back in production.  I have done that.”
Mike walked over to the temporary signs on the doors, the one’s reading, “WORLD AUTO PROPERY”.  He ripped them down.  “Now, I kindly ask you and your team to leave.  I have a plant to get running and cannot afford any further distractions.”
Santana, Malete, and the World Auto team packed their belongings.  They were off the grounds fifteen minutes later.  Mike sat down, in the now empty executive conference room.  He waited alone for five minutes.
Ted Smith, Jonna Serlins, and Ed Tanzar walked in the conference room.  Ed handed Mike a cup of coffee.
Jonna asked, “So, they are gone?”
Mike smiled, “Yes.  It’s over.”
Ted asked, “What do we do now?”
Mike said, “Well, I guess we should put the plant back together.  We only have a week.  The mandatory vacation will be over by then.  I don’t want anyone to lose out on wages, on account of our actions.”
Ted said, “The replacement mechanical room will be completed and signed off by Friday.  Don’t worry about that.”
Ed sat down.  He asked Mike, “How are Albert and Max doing?”
“I don’t know, Ed.  I haven’t talked with them, yet.”
Jonna asked, “Ed, how are you doing?  Frank Pabek and Todd Lasteres were your friends.  You were there the night they died.  It has been bad on Albert and Max, sure.  But don’t ignore your own feelings.”
Ed smiled, saying, “Jonna, I still miss them.  That son of a bitch Remons should have been in the stamping press on the night Frank and Todd died.  I hope he rots in hell, penniless.”
Mike said, “Let’s be positive.  We did it!  It’s over.  Now, I vote we disband Team MPI.  All in favor?”
“Aye!” each of them said.
Team MPI, short for Team Metal Presses Incorporated, was the codename for Mike Bell, Ted Smith, Jonna Serlins, and Ed Tanzar.  Team MPI had perfectly orchestrated the Plant 37 disaster.  For months before the explosion, they had secretly produced the hidden inventory of good roof sections for the Destroyer and stored them in an offsite warehouse.  The explosion of the boilers was Ted’s design.  Ed and Jonna had purposely created the defect in the stamping tooling.  Everything was designed for one goal – to take their plant back from Remons Global.
The group of ten, including Albert, Max, Lawrence, Sam, the four Team MPI members, along with the deceased Frank Pabek and Todd Lasteres, all worked at Metal Presses Incorporated.  It later became Plant 37.
The first day of summer in 1997 changed the lives of each person in the group.  The anger festered inside of them, in different ways, but it festered nonetheless.  In 2008, the mass terminations pushed the group to action.  Albert made the first moves, but each member of the group was a more than willing participant.  They each wanted revenge against Karl Remons.
Mike excused himself from the conference room.  He walked out the lobby doors and to the parking lot.  Tears were streaming down his face.  It was finally over.
On the day of the deaths, Mike was not at work.  He was at home, in bed, sick.  Frank Pabek was working on a job that had originally been scheduled for Mike.  Mike should have died with Todd Lasteres.  Frank should still be alive.
Mike pulled out his phone.  He sent individual text messages, one each to Max, Sam, Lawrence, and Albert.  It read, “Delivered at 8:39 AM Eastern.  World Auto gone.  It’s over.”
The texts popped up on the receiver’s phones, one-by-one.
Max and Sam were standing outside the helicopter, drinking coffee, and discussing their plans for the future.  Max got the message first.  Sam’s message quickly followed.  The pair dropped their coffees, hugged each other, and jumped around like the winning basketball team at a national championship.
Albert was on Teleport, along with Lawrence and the RPW women.  They were passing below the Golden Gate Bridge in route to Santa Cruz.  He had just unfurled the sails and shut down the engines.  Perfect breezes would push Teleport and its occupants along to Santa Cruz.
Albert was on Teleport’s bridge.  He read the message slowly, tearing up a little.  Now, he could agree - the operation had been successful.  He pulled out his phone and sent a text message to Remons’ private numbered phone.
It said, “Metal Presses Incorporated.  1997.  Plant 37.  Frank Pabek.  Todd Lasteres.  Accident.  Death.  OSHA.  $95,000.  Yes, Remons.  Now you probably remember and understand the extent of our revenge.”
Albert received a single sentence reply.  Nothing else.  “FUCK YOU!”
Lawrence was in the galley, cooking up a big breakfast for everyone.  It was the works: eggs, bacon, toast, pancakes, and juice.  It was a celebratory meal.  He pulled out his phone, read the message, dropped the spatula, and climbed up on the bridge.  He hugged Albert.
“You did it!  Now accept it gracefully!”
“Thank you.  We did it.  Don’t burn my breakfast.”
Lawrence jumped from the bridge to the salon, skipping all the steps, and ran to the galley.
The women were sitting around the salon.  They were talking about their husbands and the strange way life sometimes works.
Suddenly, a man appeared in the forward passageway by the galley.  One of the women gasped and pointed at him.  “Lawrence!  Who is that?”
Lawrence turned away from the stove quickly.  Laughing, he returned to his cooking.
“No worries, ladies.  That’s Captain Caltoan.  He’s been asleep in one of the forward berths all night.”
Caltoan tipped an imaginary hat at the women.  “Good morning.  So, are you ladies the new owners, finally?”
“Yes,” Ms. Payne said, “Finally.”
Albert set the autopilot and the radar alarm.  He climbed down the forward companionway stairs and stepped in the salon.
“Ladies, an introduction is in order.  Allow me to introduce Captain Roland Caltoan.  He climbed aboard Teleport, while she was moored in Sausalito and we were away at The Owner.  Captain Caltoan, until your acquisition of Remons Global, was the commander of The Owner.”
The women were a little stunned.  Albert had not previously shared all of the details, and Caltoan’s involvement had definitely not been mentioned.
Albert continued, “Uncle Roland, allow me to introduce the founders of RPW Corporation, the new owners of the company formerly known as Remons Global.”
Now, Albert was ready to share the story.
“This is my uncle on my mother’s side.  My mother died soon after my father’s death.  She died of a broken heart.  Uncle Roland, like me, dreamed of this day.  This is the day we have righted the wrongs against our family.”
“My father worked at a company called Metal Presses Incorporated.  Growing up, I wanted to work there, with my dad.  I joined him at the plant in 1994.  In 1996, Remons Global acquired the company.  The plant was renamed Plant 37.”
“In 1997, my father died in a workplace accident, along with another man.  The other man was Max Lasteres’ father.  The accident could have been prevented, but it wasn’t.  The financial settlement with my family could have been fair, but it wasn’t.  My mom could have lived a longer life, but she didn’t.”
“Uncle Roland had been captaining commercial freighters for more than thirty years, when I described my plans to him.  He immediately decided to support the effort.  First, he provided the barn where we spent four years constructing Teleport.  Second, after some very careful coordination, Uncle Roland earned the job of Captain for Remons’ new ship, The Owner.”
Ms. Wilson said, “So the story about being arrested last night by US Customs?  That was a ruse?”
“Exactly,” said Albert.  “Psychological warfare.  It was essential that Remons believe no easy way out existed.”
Lawrence interrupted.  “Breakfast is ready.  Let’s eat while we talk.”
Everyone grabbed plates and began dishing out the hot food.  It was a casual setting.  Some people were standing, while others were sitting.  Everyone was relaxing - just taking in the day.
Ms. Payne was nodding her head.  “I understand something a little better, now.  We knew Sam was the unknown caller.  It was just unclear how he was getting all of the information.  You were feeding him the information about The Owner itinerary changes, as well as specific things happening on the ship.  Is that correct?”
Caltoan laughed, saying, “Yes, each time Remons changed the schedule or did something notable, I would send a text to Sam.  During his next conversation with Remons, Sam would purposely mention his knowledge of the changes.  It was a hoot.  Remons paranoia would take over from there.”
Albert added, “Uncle Roland is also credited with figuring out Remons’ private phone number.  He pulled it out of the computer data used to send the phone signals to the satellites.”  Then he apologized.  “I need to get back on the bridge.”
Albert took his plate of food and climbed up on the bridge.  He scanned the horizon.  It was a wonderful morning for a sail.  He sat in his captain’s chair and enjoyed the meal that Lawrence had prepared.
Life was good.

Chapter 69
Sunlight slowly revealed itself across the bay.  Remons was on the upper deck, reading the press releases on his tablet and still drinking bourbon.
He motioned to the attendant.
“Is the new captain ready to set sail?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Then, let’s go.”
Remons leaned back in his seat and closed his eyes.  He heard the engines start.  He felt the ship begin to move away from the dock.  Then he fell asleep.
He awoke to the vibrations of his private numbered phone.  His shirt was wet; the bourbon glass was upside down on his lap.  The computer tablet had fallen between his hip and the side of the chair.  He sat up, and then placed the glass and tablet on the table.  Then, he picked up the phone.  It was a text message from an unknown number.
He opened the message.  It was from Albert Pabek.  Remons read the message and jumped out of the chair screaming.  “YOU SON OF A BITCH, PABEK!”
He typed one sentence in response, “FUCK YOU!”  He then threw the phone over the railing and into the waters below.
He weaved his way to the aft staircase and to his private suite.  In the cabin, he turned on the television and switched to a business news channel.  The acquisition of Remons Global by RPW Corporation was the only real story of the day.  Remons laughed at the television.
“Wait ‘til you get the World Auto story, Pabek.  That’ll make it more interesting for you.”
He walked to the bar and poured another bourbon.  Turning back to the television, he saw Vol Santana on the screen.
“The fun begins!  Pabek, you are screwed, along with those bitches!”  Remons turned up the volume.
The reporter was finishing a question to Santana.  “…And is that really true?”
“HA!”  Remons said loudly.  “Take that, bitches.  Take that, Albert Pabek!  Listen to what comes next!”
Santana replied, “Yes, it is true.  The Destroyer line started production at 9:00 AM this morning.  The supplier responsible for the shutdown has been able to find good parts for our line.  They were delivered earlier this morning.”
Remons stood silent.  He was drunk, but he wasn’t stupid.  The events of the past few days rushed around his head.
“DAMN YOU, PABEK!”
Remons threw the glass across the room.  It crashed against the port side windows, shattering in pieces.  He pulled out his public numbered phone and dialed Bill Shefford.
Shefford was driving through San Jose.  He picked up the phone, noticed it was Remons, and pressed the Ignore Call button.  “I don’t work for you any longer.  Leave me alone.”  Bill said aloud.
Remons hit redial.  Bill hit Ignore Call.  Remons hit redial.  Bill hit Ignore Call.
Remons threw the phone into the same window as the bourbon glass.  It fell to the floor in several pieces.
“YOU SON OF A BITCH!  HOW DARE YOU REFUSE MY CALLS!”
He walked to the bar, found a new glass, and poured another bourbon.  Then he sat down in a nearby chair.  At that moment, he swore to rebuild his empire.  He vowed to kill Albert Pabek and the RPW women.  This was the bottom of the pit.  He could go no lower.  Now it was time to climb out and fight his way back to the top of the world.
Remons felt the ship slowing down.  An attendant was knocking on the door.
“WHAT!”
“Sir, we are being stopped by US Homeland Security.”
“FUCK ALL OF YOU!”
The minor calm from a moment earlier was gone.  Remons was in a rage.  He was running around the room like a wild caged animal.
“Sir, we have four bodies in the speedboat.”
“GO AWAY!”
Remons shoved the attendant out and slammed the doors.  He walked to the windows in the aft facing bedroom.  Three boats were pulling alongside The Owner.  All were flashing their lights, like traffic cops pulling over a speeder.  He saw dozens of men climbing aboard on the lower decks.  They were dressed in black and carrying assault weapons.
Remons went back to the living area.  He pulled away a cabinet from the wall and grabbed two fully automatic machine guns.
“YOU SORRY BASTARDS!  GET OFF MY SHIP!”
He grabbed the bottle of bourbon and took five large swallows directly from it.  Then, he stormed to the private staircase.  He climbed slowly up the stairs, carrying the two guns, one in each hand.
Emerging on the upper deck, he looked forward to the bow.  Three Homeland Security team members stepped up through the forward staircase and onto the upper deck.  They were more heavily armed than Remons.
Remons stood there, holding his guns and staring at them.
The men yelled, “Drop the weapons!  Now!”
Remons didn’t respond.  The guns were each pointing up and away from his body.
“DROP THE WEAPONS!  NOW!”
Remons pulled the guns down, pointing them toward the men.  A crazed look in his eyes, he began walking toward the bow and Homeland Security.  He yelled, “I AM KARL REMONS!”
Remons pulled the triggers on both guns, firing at the officers.  Homeland Security fired back.
Karl Remons was dead.
Chapter 70
It was 8:45 AM, on the first day of Albert’s new life.
Teleport and Albert, with their friends and family aboard, were sailing briskly toward Santa Cruz.  The women were sitting outside, on the salon cabin top, enjoying the fresh breezes.  Lawrence and Uncle Roland were aft, fishing poles in hand, trolling the Pacific waters for a big catch.  Albert was at the helm.  Both sliding bridge doors were open, and he was enjoying the fresh air too.
The radar sounded an alarm.  Something was approaching from the south, heading straight for Teleport.  It was moving fast - too fast to be a boat.  Albert scanned the horizon.  He spotted the aircraft.  It was the black Sikorsky.  He smiled, set the autopilot, and stepped up onto the deck.
As the helicopter neared Teleport, Max slowed the helicopter’s forward movement.  He flew past the ship, kicked the anti-rotation pedals, and turned the Sikorsky around.  Slowly, he moved alongside Teleport and hovered one hundred feet above the water.
Albert and the others aboard Teleport waved.  Aboard the helicopter, Elizabeth and Veronica were smiling and waving back.  Max saluted Albert and accelerated the Sikorsky up and away from Teleport.  He pointed the Sikorsky at Santa Cruz.  They were meeting Teleport and her passengers later at the marina.
Albert watched as the helicopter disappeared into the distance.  He walked back to the aft sitting area.  Looking at Lawrence and Uncle Roland, he asked, “Any luck?”
Lawrence grimaced, saying, “Not yet.  I have to catch something.  I'll take any kind of fish at this point.  It doesn’t matter.  How much time do we have?”
“Less than two hours.  We have a good current underneath us, and the winds are brisk.”
“Albert?”  Lawrence said, “I do not have a beer in my hand, yet.  You promised.”
Albert laughed at him.  “Yes, sir.  I’ll be back.”
He returned to the bridge, climbed down the forward companionway, and walked to the galley.  Opening the refrigerator, he found three beers and grabbed them by the necks in one hand.  Retracing his steps, he arrived back to his aft position a couple of minutes later.
“Here you go, Mr. Lawrence, sir.”  He handed him the beer.
“Uncle Roland?”
“Thanks, Albert.”
“Enjoy.  I’m headed back to the bridge.”
Albert walked back to the bridge and sat down in his chair.  He opened the beer and took a long drink.  He lost himself in thoughts of his parents and Paradise Winds.  He looked up at the photos on the ceiling of the bridge.  There were dozens of pictures of the young Pabek family.  Most included Paradise Winds, but there were others: Christmas mornings, camping, fishing, and baseball games.
Paradise Winds was in a more recent photo.  Albert had taken it the morning that he rolled Teleport out of the barn, leaving the older ship behind and covered with a white sheet.  In the past, the photos elicited a mixture of bitter and happy emotions.  Now, things were different.  Each picture only brought joy and happiness.  Albert was finally content; content with his place in life.
The chart plotter alarm sounded, advising Teleport was two miles from the marina.  Albert snapped to his senses.  He looked around the ship.  The men were packing up the fishing gear.  The women were on the bow, watching dolphins swim alongside Teleport.
Albert turned off the autopilot, awakened the Perkins Brothers, and furled the sails.  He engaged the throttles, and they slowly moved through the Santa Cruz marina.  They passed a large parking lot along the shoreline.  The Sikorsky was sitting quietly in the middle of the empty lot.
Albert located a guest slip and eased Teleport gently into the berth.  Lawrence and Uncle Roland tied off the dock lines.  Albert quickly worked his shutdown checklist.  The air went quiet and peaceful, as the Perkins Brothers returned to sleep.
Veronica was running down the pier, followed more slowly by Max, Sam, and Elizabeth.  She reached Teleport, jumped aboard, and leapt down in the bridge.  She hugged and kissed Albert.
Max, Sam, and Elizabeth climbed aboard.  Elizabeth was staring at Albert.  She still had the guns.
“Albert,” she said.  “I am sorry.  It may not have looked that way, but I was a prisoner.  Please believe me.”
“I believe you.  You were trying to survive.  That’s all anyone can do.”
 “Thank you,” she said.  She reached in her jacket, pulled out the guns, and handed them to Albert.  “Please do something with these.  They belonged to a couple of your friends.”
Albert laughed, saying, “Which ones?”  Remons has more goons than I have fingers and toes.”
Elizabeth smiled, saying, “I don’t know.  Please just get rid of the guns.”
Albert took the guns and stored them in a pocket on the bridge.
Ms. Wilson noticed a man running down the pier toward them.  “Someone is coming.  Who is that?”
Everyone looked up the pier.  It was Bill Shefford.
Albert said, “You are late.”
“Kiss my ass, Albert.  It has been a long day.”
He stepped aboard Teleport and hugged Albert.
Elizabeth was in shock.  She finally said, “What’s going on?”
Bill, Albert, and Caltoan looked at each other.  They were shrugging their shoulders.
Albert said, “Bill?  She asked you the question.  Why should me or Uncle Roland answer?”
“Fine,” Bill said.  “It’s simple, really.  Roland and I have been friends since childhood.  In a lot of ways, we are an older version of Albert and Lawrence.”
Elizabeth was still stunned.  “Bill, you worked for Remons for twenty years.  I don’t understand.”
“Well, that’s true.  But, It didn’t start out that way.  First, I worked at one of the acquisitions.  I have hated Remons since the day we first met.  A few years ago, Roland asked me to help RPW get their company back.  I jumped at the opportunity.  It took a lot of coordination, but we did it.”
The women were carrying champagne bottles out of the galley and stacking them on the bridge.  Wilson said, “Time to stop talking and start drinking!”
Albert and Lawrence took the champagne flutes and helped the women back on the bridge.  Everyone moved out to the deck.  Corks were popping, and bubbles were flowing.  Every one was laughing and cheering.
 Ms. Wilson raised her glass.  “To Albert and his fantastic friends.  Thank you.”
Everyone raised his or her glass.  “To Albert!”
Ms. Payne raised her glass.  “To Bill Shefford, RPW Corporation’s first Chief Executive Officer.”
Everyone cheered.  “To Bill!”
The drinking continued as everyone milled around the deck and dock.
Bill was standing near Elizabeth.  He asked, “I would like you to be my Executive Assistant.  Will you accept?  It pays well.  As a bonus, I will be much easier to work for.”
Elizabeth smiled apologetically, saying, “Thank you, but I’ve decided to work with Veronica at Dad’s Coffee & More.  We have already worked out an expansion plan.”
Albert asked Veronica to walk along the dock with him.  He said, “Veronica, this isn’t going to work.  I’m casting off in a few hours.  My work here is finished.”
“Where are you going?”
“I’m not sure yet.  I may head up to Seattle.  Or, maybe Cabo San Lucas.”
“Can’t you stay a few days?  I would enjoy spending time with you.”
He smiled at her.  “No.  I’m sorry.  Besides, you are not a one-night stand kind of girl.  We both know that.”
They strolled slowly back down the dock to Teleport.  The party was wrapping up.  Everyone was exhausted.  Elizabeth pulled Veronica away from Albert.  She was excited to talk more about the coffee shop expansion.
Bill approached Albert.  He whispered, “Homeland Security boarded Remons ship this morning.  I heard it on the news while driving down here.”
“Really?”
“Did you have anything to do with it?”
“No, I promise.  That wasn’t me.  What happened?”
“Remons is dead.  He was drunk and tried having a shoot out with trained soldiers.  He lost.”
“Anyone else hurt?”
“No.  Thankfully not.”
“The bastard deserved death.”  He pointed toward Max.  “He killed our fathers.”
“Yes, you are right.  We should look on the positive side, too.  There is no way he can retaliate now.”
Bill said, “Let’s take a walk.  I want to show you my new car.”
Albert and Bill walked off the dock and up to the parking lot.
Albert said, “You’re keeping it?”
Bill laughed.  “Hell, yes.  Remons just bought it three weeks ago.  It’s now an asset of RPW Corporation.  Might as well enjoy life - at least a little.”
“Get a new license plate, please.”  Albert was pointing at the vanity plate on the front of the car.  It said, “OWNER”.
Bill laughed.  “Of course.”  He opened the trunk.  It was in the front of the car; Porsche engines are in the rear.  He pulled out a small bag and handed it to Albert.
“What’s this?”
Bill said, “It’s a going away present.”
Albert looked inside the bag.  He shook his head, saying, “I can’t take this, Bill.  I didn’t do this for money.”
Bill looked at him sternly.  “I know you didn’t do it for money.  Between financing this multi-year project and building Teleport, my guess is you have burned most, and maybe all, of your life’s savings.  Your plan did not extend beyond Remons’ destruction.”
“How much is in the bag?”
“Two million.”
Albert shook his head, again.  “It’s too much.”
“Then donate it, or use it for a good cause.  Doesn’t matter to me.  It’s your money.”
Albert hugged Bill.  He said, “Thank you.  You know we could not have pulled this off, without you.  If you ever need anything, please let me know.”
Sam walked up to the men and the Porsche.  To Bill, he said, “We need to go.  There’s a bunch of nervous people at our new company.  You need to make an appearance, Mr. CEO.”
Sam and Albert hugged each other.  Sam said, “Take care of yourself, Albert.  You have righted many wrongs.  I am grateful for everything.  I still miss our time, working together on third shift, each taking a turn at harassing the young supervisors.  It was an easier life, for sure.”
Albert said, “I know.  We had fun.  Take care of yourself.  Maybe I’ll be around again sometime.  You still owe me a hundred bucks for that bet on the 1999 Superbowl.”
Sam reached for his wallet, just as he had done many times during the past fourteen years.  Albert laughed and stopped him.  It was a running joke between them.  There was no wager.  Albert had made it up, back in 1999, convincing Sam he placed the bet after a drunken night on the town.
Sam and Bill said goodbye, climbed in the Porsche, and headed for Oakland.
Albert headed back to the dock.  Max and the RPW women walked up to meet him.  They hugged and thanked him again.
Ms. Wilson said, “Max is flying us back to San Francisco.  We have reached a settlement with him.  Max has been gifted the Sikorsky, as payment for his services.  He’s opening a charter service in the area.  We have agreed to use it for our transportation needs.”
“That’s fantastic,” Albert was beaming.  “Max, you will be an excellent business man.”
Max hugged Albert.  It was a long and tearful hug.
Albert spoke first, “It’s over.  It’s our time to live.  That’s what they would have wanted for us.”
Max said, “You’re right.  For us.  That means you, too.  It’s time to live, Albert.  Please?”
Albert smiled.  “I promise.  I am smiling – inside and out.  It’s genuine, too.  For the first time in sixteen years, I swear, I am truly happy.  I hope you are, too.”
Max wiped away another tear.  “I’m happy.  Take care of yourself.  Don’t be a stranger.”
Max helped the women aboard the Sikorsky.  He climbed in the pilot seat, started the engines, and flew away.  Albert watched the helicopter disappear over a hilltop.
Lawrence was returning from the parking lot.  He walked up to Albert, saying, “I have a taxi waiting.  I’m taking your uncle and the girls back to San Francisco.”
Albert said, “I thought you were sailing with me for a few days?  We haven’t had a chance to do any real fishing.”
Lawrence, with tears in his eyes, hugged Albert and said, “I have to go home.  There’s work to do.  Mike needs my help.”
“So, you talked your way back into the plant?  You sneaky devil!”
Lawrence laughed.  “Yeah, Mike can’t live without me.  He’s been lonely these last five years.  I haven’t been there to pull any pranks.  I have to show him some love.”
“Hug Mike for me.  He had one of the toughest jobs, having to build the secret inventory and execute his plant disaster.  Yet, he pulled it off flawlessly.”
“Toughest jobs?  Albert, you are too modest.”
Veronica hugged Albert, one last time.  She said, “Come back and see me.”
Elizabeth hugged Albert and whispered in his ear, “I truly am sorry.”  She kissed him on the cheek.
Uncle Roland bear hugged Albert.  They cried together for two minutes.
“Albert, your parents would be so proud.  I am proud of you.  You did good!”
“Thank you, Uncle Roland.”
The last of the celebration party walked up the hill, climbed in the taxi, and left the marina.
Suddenly, everyone was gone.  Only Albert and Teleport remained.  He was alone, again.
Albert sat down on the dock, his feet hanging down and swinging above the water.  He just sat – there were no more schedules.  An hour passed, and then another.
Albert was at peace.
He laughed at a stray cat; it was skittering erratically around the docks.  He watched as fish surfaced and disappeared, and as boats sailed in and out of the marina.  He saw three dolphins move elegantly through the marina waters, and then head back out to the open sea.
The cat was longhaired and beige-brown in color, with blends of white interspersed along its body.  It had a mashed looking face, and it probably was some type of Persian.  Warily, it would approach Albert, and then, suddenly, a mysterious nothing would frighten the cat, and it would run away.  This went on for two hours.  Finally, the cat raised enough courage.  He rubbed against Albert’s arm and purred loudly.
He also taught Albert something new; that not all cats could meow.  The cat’s voice was as erratic as its behavior.  Sometimes, it sounded like a plea for help, as if he were being attacked.  Other times, it sounded like a baby, crying for its mother.
Albert stood up, expecting the skittish cat to run away; it did not.  Albert climbed aboard Teleport, stepped down in the bridge, and roused the Perkins Brothers.  It was time to go.  He stepped back up on the deck, ready to release the dock lines.  The cat was sitting on the cabin top, purring loudly.  It sounded like there was an engine rumbling inside the cat’s gut.
Albert looked at the cat.  “Ship sails in one minute.  Time to go back to the dock.”
He picked up the cat, gently placing him on the dock.  The cat immediately jumped back on Teleport, walked confidently forward, and sat down on the bow.  He looked back at Albert, and seemingly said, “I’m ready – what are you waiting on?”
“Well, if you are sticking around, then you will need a name.”
Albert picked up the cat and carried him to the bridge.  He sat the cat on the dash console in front of the helm.  The cat slumped over the edge of the console and hung precariously.  Albert smiled and looked up at a picture on the ceiling – the one of Dad’s cat, Jagsy, hanging over the rail of Paradise Winds.
Still looking at the pictures, Albert said, “Thanks for sending me a companion, Dad.  I love and miss you.”
Albert looked at the cat and smiled.
“Jagsy,” he said, “that’s your name.”
“Jagsy, it is time to shove off.”
For sixteen years, he wanted revenge for his father’s death.
For five years, he methodically hatched and executed that revenge.
It was now finished.  Today was a new day.
Yes, it was the first day of Albert’s new life.

* * * * *

If you enjoyed The Owner, please share your comments on the bookseller’s site.  Reviews are important to the author and help support his efforts on the subsequent books in the Albert Pabek Thriller series.


About the Author
Shane Simpson is an American author, born and raised in the southwestern United States.  He is married and has two children.  He holds undergraduate and graduate degrees in Business Administration.

Albert Pabek Thriller Series
1 – The Owner, An Albert Pabek Thriller
2 – The Death of Paradise Winds, An Albert Pabek Novella

Follow Shane Simpson & Albert Pabek
ShaneSimpsonBooks.com
AlbertPabek.com

Albert Pabek Biography
Born in 1976, Albert Pabek lived in Michigan until 2012.  An only child, he is the son of the late Frank and Betty Pabek.  He stands six foot one and weighs 212 pounds.  He has black hair and pale green eyes.
Albert is a college dropout.  He attended a nearby university for three years, attempting a major in corporate finance.  From 1994 to 2008, he was a production worker at Metal Presses Incorporated, an automotive parts manufacturer.
Albert was fired in 2008, a victim of economic displacement during the Great Recession.  From 2008 to 2012, Albert designed and built Teleport, his 60-foot, technologically advanced sailboat, in a central Michigan barn.
He moved Teleport to Seattle in late 2012 and launched her on January 1, 2013.  
Albert now lives aboard Teleport and sails full time.
