Model Agent – Smashwords edition
Copyright © 2011 by Sean Sweeney

Published by Sean Sweeney at Smashwords 

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or any information storage and retrieval system, without prior written permission of the Author. Your support of author’s rights is appreciated. Re-selling this eBook without permission is punishable by law.

This book is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to any person, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

Cover art by Sean Sweeney and David W. Runyan II
Cover design by Trisha L. Reeves

Acknowledgments
A book of this size cannot be completed by just one person. Sure, the words are mine and the concept was mine. I created the characters, I put them into the scenarios they faced. But not only that, I had to do quite a bit of research in order to pull off what I had in mind for this project, and I had quite a bit of help with other details. Any mistakes are mine and mine alone.
Here are the thank yous: Thanks go out to Francesca Giacalone of the Marriott Long Wharf, and Frank Neely from the US Navy Press Office, for your assistance with your respective areas of expertise. David Kruh’s Scollay Square web site was a major help in researching the history of City Hall Plaza. Eladia Romero of Massachusetts Congressman John Olver’s office (and a fellow Red Raider alum!), thank you for the information regarding federal campaign finance laws. Kent Holloway was incredibly helpful with medical examiner details.
Jackie Hazeldine, thanks for being the inspiration for such a fantastic protagonist. I have so much love and respect for what you do; James and Jack are so lucky to have such a famous mom! Steven Savile, thanks for sticking on me, and for helping Jaclyn onto paper; I lift a pint to you, mate. Trisha Reeves, thanks for another fantastic cover; you’re a Photoshop Goddess. “Big” Al Kunz and Deborah Levinson, thanks for the beta notations; you both kept me on track and made this a better book. Steve Green was helpful in plotting. To the Indie Author Mafia – Daniel Arenson, David McAfee, David Dalglish, Michael Crane, Robert DuPerre, Jason Letts, and Amanda Hocking – much love; no one messes with the Mafia. To those authors who offered support while I wrote this book (there are many of you), thank you very much.
The home team: My mom, Diane Sweeney, for understanding my need to entertain you all. And Estee-Noel, the love of my life, for being you and being so supportive of what I do. I love you, bunnie.
And of course, I can’t forget you, the reader. Thanks for your support, and I hope you enjoy Jaclyn’s first adventure.

Sean Sweeney
Fitchburg, Mass., February 16, 2011

DEDICATION
To the Fitchburg, Mass. High School, Class of 1996
Together, we soar

MODEL AGENT

Chapter 1
City Hall Plaza, Boston, Mass.
Saturday, July 17, 2011 — 2:26 p.m.

With the speed, agility, and grace of a high school track star, Jenny Wilson bounded the stairs leading from Government Center’s Green Line platform to the outside world above. She checked her watch and saw she had a few minutes to spare. She vaulted the stairs two at a time, bouncing off the front half of her feet. She tried slowing her pace as she walked toward the subway station’s open doors, taking a deep breath. Her heart thumped madly. 
She didn’t want to seem that excited to see him.
Jenny staggered as a harsh wave of hot air smacked her in the face once she stepped back into Boston’s blast furnace. She couldn’t help releasing the breath, which appeared like a flame emerging from an enraged dragon. For most of the past week, she had baked, roasted and suffered through blistering temperatures in the high 90s. Today, she saw, was no different than the last six. 
She stopped just outside the subway station’s headhouse and hoped her sneakers wouldn’t melt. While other riders jostled past her, she shielded her eyes as she looked out across the breadth of City Hall Plaza. She saw shimmering haze as the ground reflected the sun’s unforgiving heat. She watched tourists walk past her, wiping sweat from their brows as they headed toward Faneuil Hall, off to Jenny’s right, or toward Cambridge Street on Jenny’s immediate left. The stately towers of the John F. Kennedy Federal Building stretched for the sky above her, while its base, a squat four-story section, reached for the heart of the old city; she could see the towering exhaust vents from Haymarket station adjacent to JFK. A line of trees on the upper level in front of JFK gave modest shade, and as a bead of sweat danced down her spine, she wanted nothing more than to rush toward them and sit underneath for hours. Boston’s City Hall, a concrete structure that looked more like an inverted pyramid than a city government building, stood opposite the federal. 
A not-so-fertile crescent filled the gaps: Three-foot high concrete pylons dotted a wavy sea of red bricks stretching here, there and everywhere. Granite steps served as seats during these summertime concerts, and she noticed a small crowd had already gathered by the stage on the northern side of City Hall, waiting for the free oldies show. City Hall Plaza was, in essence, a wide open-air amphitheater in the heart of new Boston, long before land reclamation formed the modern peninsula.
Jenny checked her watch again. It read 2:28 p.m.
“Right on time,” she said. 
She walked straight ahead to the vendor booths, where she saw Chuck Norton pulling cases of Nantucket Harbor bottled water from the back of a beat up green van. Chuck was the one guy she hoped she could get to know a little better, ever since she first laid her baby blues on him at Northeastern University. She watched his biceps bulge under the strain. Jenny’s eyebrows twitched, and her mouth curled into a soft grin as she observed the stud’s bodily nuances. 
“Let me help you there, handsome,” she said, her eyes twinkling.
Chuck turned and smiled when he saw her.
“Hey, pretty lady. Could you help fill those buckets with ice? We need to get this water cold in a hurry; those people,” he said, jerking his head toward the crowd in the lower bowl, “won’t want to wait. They love their free samples, especially on a hot day like today.” He grabbed another case and threw it on top of the other two. He grunted his exertion as he brought them over to the booth.
“Anything to help,” she said, reaching into the truck to grab several bags of ice before she said to herself, “get you out of those clothes.” 
The way Jenny bent over to grab the ice caused another smirk to slip across her face. Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed Chuck had paused to check out the curves that molded her luscious backside. She felt his eyes roam across her form-fitting white shorts. She pulled the ice to her and felt the condensation from the bag seep through her green Celtics t-shirt. For the briefest of passing moments, she was glad she didn’t wear a white top; she didn’t want to give Chuck too much of a show.
At least not yet, she thought. 
Jenny hefted the bags and brought them over to where Chuck indicated. She made sure she brushed her arm against his as she walked past him. She caught his eye every time, and her stomach quivered under his gaze. 
They bustled about — and tried keeping the heavy-duty flirting to a minimum — while other vendors began setting up shop near them. Within a few minutes, she caught the sweet smell of sausages on the air. She gouged open bags of ice with her nails and dumped the frozen contents into plastic buckets. Another helper shoved small bottles of water into the icy prison as she moved to another bucket. Once they had them full, they waited a few minutes for the bottles to chill.
Jenny finally fanned herself as she felt the day’s heat get to her a bit. She grabbed a bottle of water that she bought at a Tedeschi’s before she hopped on the T nearly an hour ago. She leaned against the van and drank deeply, trying to stay hydrated in this oppressive heat. Trickles of water spilled from the corners of her mouth while she wiped the sheen of sweat that gathered on her face. She wiped her hand on her white shorts, smearing it to gray.
“Yuck,” she said, grimacing. “I hate the heat. I’m moving to Oregon when I graduate.”
She looked at Chuck as he walked up and leaned next to her. Heat radiated off him. 
“You look like you could use a drink,” she said, offering her water to him. His shrug brought a pout to her pink lips until he relented. 
To be the bottle, she thought as he drank.
She looked out toward the plaza and saw several people, all wearing light, summertime clothing, bursting forward with quick strides, making their way toward the vendors in search of freebies. There were vendors with small cups of ice cream to try, as well as free can koozies emblazoned with the concert logo and other things Jenny wished she had the time to check out. 
She never expected such a cornucopia of thriftiness at a concert before.
“How long do we have to wait?” Jenny asked as she pulled the bottle back toward her. “We’re about to get slammed.”
“Only a few minutes more,” Chuck said as he inhaled. “I smell sausages.”
Jenny sniffed the air, too, but instead of sausages, the scent of Chuck’s sweaty body met her nose. The smell of perspiration overwhelmed her. She swooned slightly. She tried to hold her breath, but she couldn’t do so without offending Chuck. She knew he had labored hard over the past half an hour, and she figured she sweated a bit from her own exertions, too. 
For a specimen like Chuck, she thought with a sly grin she camouflaged by lifting the bottle to her lips, I can put up with the smell for a bit. I wouldn’t mind also putting up with some heavy breathing, too.
She felt a tingle south of her tummy. She bit her lip for a brief moment as she looked into his green eyes. Her thighs wanted to slam shut, but she restrained them from doing so.
“I think you can wait a little while, can’t you? We could have one together after we serve these people.” Jenny’s eyes danced.
Chuck tried holding back a knowing smirk.
“Let’s serve the people, then.” 
Together, they walked back to the booth and started pulling water from the buckets, standing them on the metal counter before Jenny and Chuck dove for more. Melted ice covered their hands as droplets raced down their forearms. Chuck tossed a towel to Jenny, but it rested, unused, on her shoulder for quite a while. They set a few more bottles on the counter. Within seconds, Jenny saw her “customers” scoop the bottles up two at a time. 
She looked on with great interest as they unscrewed the caps away, snapping the plastic rings aside and doused their hair with one full bottle. They twisted the cap off the second and began chugging the cool, clear liquid. Several people came back for more samples, and Jenny thought this was the only way for them to feel adequately cool in these stifling conditions. She saw the other workers re-filling the other buckets with more bottles. Water splashed out and nearly sizzled on the brick. She looked to the bucket on the right hand side of the booth, where one bottle of water remained submerged. 
Jenny noticed that she and Chuck had exhausted the bottle of water she brought earlier. She noticed her mouth needed replenishment. A trickle of sweat maneuvered down her neck, making a beeline for her chest. She reached for the lone bottle.
The coughing parade, though, made her forget about quenching her thirst. Jenny looked up and saw her customers’ eyes leak only a few feet away from the booth. They couldn’t stop themselves. Their coughs turned into violent hacks, and Jenny recalled the bronchitis episode she experienced last winter. Their coughs were too identical for her liking. She felt her chest tighten at the memory. She watched helplessly as their bodies shook in rapid convulsions. Some hit their knees, doubling over. People walking out of the subway station paused as they saw these people writhing on the hot bricks.
Jenny looked on in horror as they began vomiting blood, their upper bodies lurching forward as they spewed their insides out, using City Hall Plaza as a makeshift toilet. She saw several people lose their hair, even though they didn’t touch it. They started moaning and screaming. More than one plea of “Oh God, help me!” sprang from their panicked voices.
Jenny didn’t realize that only a few moments passed between the plaza going from calm and peaceful, to chaotic. 
She thought fast.
“Chuck,” she said, “call 9-1-1. These people are sick.”
Chuck didn’t answer. Instead, Jenny turned and saw him chugging a dripping bottle of water, one fresh from the ice bucket — the one she was about to grab.
“What Jenny?”
She repeated herself.
He didn’t hear her. Chuck hit the ground and writhed, too, dropping the bottle. His moans came quick as he grabbed his gut.
“Chuck!”
Jenny looked at the bottle and then out toward the sea of sickness that unfolded before her. She saw empty bottles next to the ill. She added things up in her nimble brain. Her eyes widened as she realized what had happened, and how quick things had turned.
“Don’t drink the water!” she screamed, her feet carrying her away from Chuck and toward the booth. She swiped the counter clear of bottles, startling several people as her arms slashed across the drenched metal. She even grabbed one from the grasp of a 10-year-old boy before she turned to one of Chuck’s friends. “Don’t give out any more samples, do you hear me? Don’t give out any more.”
“But our boss said —”
“I don’t give a damn what your boss said,” she said tightly. “These people aren’t feeling well, and it’s because of the water. Hell, they may be dying.” She watched the realization — the utter fear — unfold on the young man’s face. “Stop handing the samples out. You,” she barked, “call 9-1-1 right now. You, get the water into the van and shut it.” They hesitated, but they soon realized she had taken control. They did as she asked. 
Jenny turned back to the crowd and saw several of the concert goers clutch their stomachs. They heaved once, twice, and then a third time. Half a heartbeat later, they began projectile vomiting mucous and blood. Jenny recoiled; her face contorted between disbelief and anguish, between pity and disgust. She prayed silently to a God she stopped believing in some five years ago.
Her feelings twisted by the sight in front of her, she remembered Chuck had fallen ill, too. Realization sharply passed through her as she turned her head to where her friend lay in the fetal position.
Her eyes widened at the sight.
Jenny hurried over to him, her sneakers pounding away. She pulled him over and saw blood pouring out of his mouth, dripping from the corners while the remnants of his breakfast, too, splattered on the bricks. She saw him look up into her eyes, his eyes desperately pleading with her for things she would never know. His breath was shallow for several seconds before it ceased entirely. 
The light, Jenny saw, had left him moments later.
“Chuck,” she said, even though she knew he couldn’t hear her. Jenny ran her fingers through his coarse brown hair. She closed her eyes and fell backward on her butt. She covered her eyes and tried to grieve, but nothing came out. She sat there for a few minutes, trying to force the tears out.
She glanced to her right and saw the bottle Chuck had drank from laying next to her. The bottle she had wanted to drink from before everything escalated into this nightmarish situation. She looked at bottle again before she looked back at the bucket. She felt her eyebrows arch, comprehension coming to her. The coughing had prevented her — had saved her — from grabbing that bottle from the bucket.
She didn’t want to face that, at least not now. She flicked the bottle aside. She didn’t see it skip across the bricks. She wanted to go pick it up and heave it toward Cambridge Street. 
Maybe a car would squish it as it hurried past, she thought. She didn’t grin. Water lined to the bottoms of her eyes.
Jenny then realized the moans had stopped, only replaced by confusion and panicked screams from passersby headed to and from the subway. Hurried footsteps approached her from her right-hand side.
“Jenny, they said they’re sending ambulances. They’ll be here soon.”
“Call them back,” she said, tears finally rolling down her cheeks, the awareness of what happened in between her wanting a drink and now finally reaching her eyes. “Tell them to ready the morgues. I think they’re going to be quite busy.” 
Their friend staggered as he saw Chuck’s prone form. “Oh my God,” he said. 
Jenny wept.

***

Shrill sirens tore through Boston as ambulances converged on City Hall Plaza a few minutes later. When the first responders saw the sheer numbers of dead laying there, they immediately radioed back to headquarters. They weren’t in the middle of a medical emergency, they had decided.
They stood on a crime scene.

Chapter 2
White House, Washington, D.C.
Saturday, July 17, 2011 — 7:55 p.m.

The three-car motorcade wound its way through the Metropolitan area at a rather safe speed, even with the red and blue strobe lights flickering out from the lead vehicle’s grill. If anyone had been walking about, they would see the leader had the appearance of a NASCAR pace car, keeping the trailing participants on an even keel. Their speed was crucial: Someone had attacked the city of Boston, the news outlets had said, and the driver leading the motorcade needed to get his boss, the woman riding in the middle Range Rover, to The Cottage safely. They didn’t need a traffic death on their hands.
Luckily for the driver, no one impeded their progress — except the rain.
A gray downpour fell in curtains across the breadth of the capital. Lightning flashed periodically. Water flowed through catch basins with the force of raging rivers, and nearby the Potomac rose, inundated with run-off: an irony in this burg. Drops of rain cascaded upon the approaching motorcade’s windshields, peppering the glass and the roofs above with enough force to lull those riding in the back seats into a serene stupor. The windshield wipers squeaked as they cleared the drivers’ field of vision; the tires sloshed through the puddles that formed along Pennsylvania Avenue, displacing water through their deep treads.
The driver turned into the driveway leading to the North Portico, slowing to a halt. He saw a uniformed officer pop open an umbrella as he left his small booth on the side. The driver hit a switch, sliding the window down several inches.
“Evening, Stan.”
“Evening. Who do you have today?”
“The director is here to see the president.”
Stan chuckled.
“It wouldn’t be a Saturday night if there wasn’t a crisis in this city.”
Stan waved them in. The driver rolled the window up as he passed the gates, pulling up to the White House moments later. A Marine in full dress uniform stepped forward, umbrella in hand. He opened the door and held the umbrella over the opening as a brown leather-encased lower leg emerged.

***

Alexandra Dupuis, the director of the CIA, stepped out of the Range Rover, her tan briefcase in hand. She kept under the umbrella as the Marine led her to the doors, opening it and allowing her to pass. The motorcade’s engines ceased purring. No one followed the director inside.
This was a solo meeting.
Dupuis’ heels made no sound on the carpet that led to the Oval Office. She navigated the corridors without stopping for directions. She found the building deserted, for the most part; it was a Saturday night, and for most of those that worked in the White House, they had other things to do.
Good, she thought. The less ears, the better. My words are for one set of ears.
Dupuis entered the Oval Office without even knocking. She closed the door and saw a painting from 1851 by Emanuel Leutze hanging just to the right of the doorway as she made her way inside. It was an iconic piece in American history: George Washington Crossing The Delaware. 
She looked through the windows toward the South Lawn, which she couldn’t see through the gray rain. 
If we only had boats instead of cars, she thought, as she turned her attention to the woman sitting behind the desk. The woman had her head down, a pen in her right hand as she signed small pieces of legislation from various Congressmen into law. She had CNN tuned in on the television in the corner, but the volume was low. Only a dog could hear it. Dupuis saw earlier images from Boston; white sheets covered the bodies.
“Evening, Alex. I’ll be with you in just a second,” Sarah Kendall said. She didn’t look up at her guest.
“Of course, Madame President.” Dupuis sat down in front of the president’s desk, removing her red shawl.
The director of the CIA observed the president as she scrawled her name repeatedly. Through their daily briefings, Dupuis understood the stress Kendall felt: the scandals that rocked the White House lately had taken their toll on the poor woman. The mid-term elections the year before caused her party to lose control of Congress. A recent earthquake tore through Los Angeles: It left many neighborhoods crumbling and desolate under the sheer power of the eight-pointer. Once again, FEMA failed to send timely aid to Southern California, much like it had dropped the ball with New Orleans six years ago, and blame quickly shifted to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. 
If the government thought it had learned its lesson after the Katrina episode, Dupuis thought at the time, it was sadly mistaken.
Kendall also dealt with NOW protests over her stance on abortion. Kendall was a moderate Democrat, and had been the top choice of the party three years ago. Even as a Democrat, Kendall didn’t believe in federally funded abortions, which enamored her to the Religious Right. Her stance on foreign policy and big government spending, however, brought her back to square one with that side of the aisle. 
Dupuis tried not to sigh. Even though they had developed a great friendship and partnership over the past three years, Dupuis felt Kendall was in over her head. She didn’t let her personal feelings get in the way of their working relationship, though. Even though the president was in her late 40s, she looked 10 years older. 
And we’re adding the crisis in Boston to the mix now, Dupuis thought. History will remember her for how she handles this.
Kendall dropped her pen and breathed a sigh of relief.
“Well, that’s done,” she said. “These districts will get their funding for whatever I just signed, and they’ll still come after me with fire and pitchforks and anything they can get their hands on.”
Dupuis grinned. “It’s like you can’t win sometimes.”
“That about covers it,” Kendall said, sharing the director’s amusement. 
Dupuis noted that the president still managed to sit up straight, even with the weight of the country on her shoulders. Dupuis saw Kendall look to the framed picture of the Boston Red Sox World Series parade from 2004, which sat on the corner of the president’s desk. 
“What’s going on in my hometown, Alex?”
Dupuis opened her briefcase with a click and pulled out a manila folder. She passed it across the desk to the president; Dupuis already knew its contents, having read the file twice. She watched Kendall open the folder and peruse the details.
“From what we’ve gathered,” Dupuis began, “there have been over 40 deaths from drinking bottled water. It happened during one of the concerts at City Hall Plaza.”
“That’s still less than the earthquake’s death toll. And let me guess: free samples were to blame?”
The director nodded.
“Probably caused a stampede and prevented people from getting to the subway,” Kendall muttered. “Do we know which company put out the water?”
Dupuis nodded again and told her it was Nantucket Harbor. The president didn’t bat an eyelash.
“They’ve ordered a recall,” Dupuis said as a bolt of lightning zipped, “and we’ve seized the remaining samples; thankfully one of the workers figured out what was going on, albeit a few seconds too late to save those poor people. The FBI’s chemist in Boston will check them out Monday morning.”
“I’d rather it be tomorrow; crises don’t stop for the weekend.”
“True; I’ll call over and get them started. That company is going to hurt from this.”
Kendall shut her eyes and nodded. Rain drummed against the windows behind the president. Thunder rolled with the power of a bowling bowl making the long trip down the alley.
“I’m sure the wrongful death lawsuits will be filed first thing Monday. South Boston will be busy. What are we doing about investigations?”
Dupuis inched forward in her chair. It rocked unsteadily.
“We have plenty of agents in Boston who could handle it, and I have a feeling that many of them would want a shot at whoever did this.”
Kendall looked at Dupuis with a raised eyebrow.
“What do you mean?”
“One of the deceased happened to be a government employee that you know extremely well.”
The president’s face looked like her heart dropped.
“You don’t mean —?”
Dupuis nodded solemnly. Kendall frowned.
“Her husband has been notified and he wants to be kept abreast of the investigation, of course. However, if there’s something sinister below the surface, such as terrorism, I think we should have someone specially trained to deal with such matters. We can’t take baby steps, and your presidency can’t take any further hits. Your polling numbers would sink quicker than the Titanic.”
Kendall’s mouth twisted for a second. Dupuis regretted the comment almost immediately. She chewed the inside of her cheek, pulling at it with her incisors.
“What do you suggest?” the president asked.
The director put her hands on her briefcase, tickling the leather with her nails.
“I thought this would be a perfect teeth cutter for Jaclyn Johnson. We haven’t sent her out to many assignments, and she’s next in the rotation.”
“How green is she?” Kendall asked. “Do you think she’s ready for an assignment of this size?”
“Of course she is, ma’am. I trained her myself. I have full confidence in her abilities, and she can make sure this situation doesn’t grow.”
The president let out a long breath through her nose.
“This is my home state we’re talking about here. We can’t send a wet behind the ears agent. Are there any other agents available that could take the lead?”
Dupuis shook her head without even thinking. “Every other agent is abroad on undercover missions. Jaclyn, luckily, is in the country.”
“In front of the camera, I presume.”
Dupuis nodded.
Ever perceptive, this president is, she thought.
“She won’t screw up, if that’s what you’re wondering. She’s been in training for this moment for the past decade. Jaclyn has a certain way of getting things done, ways other agents can’t. You remember who her father was, right?” Dupuis struck a nerve; Kendall nodded. “She doesn’t know the meaning of the word fail, just like he didn’t have that word in his vocabulary during the Gulf War. If there’s any agent in my stable that I know will not rest until whoever’s responsible is brought to justice, it’s Jaclyn.”
Kendall nodded again, then leaned back in her chair. She twiddled her thumbs as she went deep into thought. She looked to the ceiling before taking a deep breath.
“I want her paired with an experienced agent in Boston, Alex. She’s to file reports every six hours. I want whoever this bastard is behind bars as soon as we can.”
“She’ll get you results. I promise you that.”
Kendall smiled.
“Very well. When will Jaclyn get there?”
“I’ll see to it that she gets there first thing in the morning; she’s in a late shoot in Miami. I’ll call her from the car and get her to speed. Get some rest, and I’ll talk to you tomorrow.”
Dupuis stood and shook the president’s hand before she left the Oval Office, making her way back to her Range Rover. She took one last look at the painting next to the door and frowned.
“Where have you gone, George Washington?” Dupuis whispered to the air as she walked away. “Our nation turns its lonely eyes to you.”

***

Miami, Florida
Saturday, July 17, 2011 — 9:35 p.m.

Jaclyn Johnson twirled to the left, a pout sprouting across her face as she paused and waited for the next shot. She had been working this shoot for the past four hours: Pablo, the photographer, blamed Miami’s traffic for his tardiness, but she knew better; he was a rather randy Italian and had a mistress or two stashed away. Despite the late hour, Jaclyn did not feel weary from the constant wardrobe changes, or Pablo’s lurid glances. She responded to his instructions with such vigor that time passed quickly.
The camera flashed. Jaclyn moved her lithe body and faced forward, moving her hands inside the red jacket she wore, revealing the silk chemise that embraced her torso. She grinned for the camera, her mouth curving to the right underneath the dark sunglasses she wore. She held this position for several seconds. 
The camera flashed. 
She moved into the next position, bringing her hands up to run them through her blonde hair while her lips parted gently. She turned her head a bit to the left. Someone off to the side turned a fan on, making Jaclyn’s hair fly about behind her. The lights captured Jaclyn’s essence, her radiant beauty, so perfectly that Pablo wouldn’t have to spend much time in Photoshop afterward. It’s why Jaclyn’s services were in such high demand.
Pablo pressed the shutter.
Jaclyn tilted her head toward the floor but turned her eyes toward the camera as she pulled her sunglasses down the bridge of her nose. Her baby blues sparkled as she seduced the lens.
While the camera loved everything about her, her eyes were her greatest weapon, as well as her greatest adversary. Jaclyn had been born partially blind, so much so that both natural and incandescent light affected her eyes. For most of her formative years, Jaclyn wore sunglasses constantly, as she did on an everyday basis now, to protect her eyes. She could see shadows without her sunglasses, but that was pretty much the extent of her sight. She began counting on her other four senses, with touch, smell and hearing the most important of the four.
Prototype LED lights were installed in her parents’ Seattle home to spare Jaclyn the pain of regular light bulbs; her parents worked for the government, and the expense was of no concern. They made plenty of money and asked the government’s top scientists to help their daughter to see. At the age of 12, Jaclyn began wearing specially made contact lenses that would give her the appearance of healthy-looking eyes, contact lenses that would refract light and deflect it aside so she would not live in such pain from day to day. They wouldn’t help her see properly though, and instead of sunglasses, Jaclyn began wearing regular eyeglasses to augment her vision. 
To Jaclyn’s mind, it was freedom in every possible way imaginable.
But when she was 14, she wished she could return to the shadows so she could not see what she and the rest of the world saw on September 11, 2001.
Her parents were in Washington, D.C. that morning, having left Seattle-Tacoma International Airport the night before. They had important business at the Pentagon to conduct: her father was a retired general in the United States Army, while her mother was his secretary. They went to speak in regards to the Middle East, and as they walked past a section of the building undergoing renovations, American Airlines Flight 77 crashed. 
Jaclyn’s parents perished that day.
The CIA sensed an opportunity in 14-year-old Jaclyn, an opportunity to mold a fighter the world had never before seen. They took her and educated her themselves, all at taxpayer expense. They trained her in combat, small arms weaponry and explosive detonation. She was rather prodigious at chemistry as well as close form fighting. They outfitted her with devices that would aid her in her endeavors, as well as a pair of Foster Grant sunglasses that were not what they seemed on the outside. To the world at large, Jaclyn’s sunglasses were just that: a pair of regular sunglasses.
When Jaclyn looked through them and saw the world at large, she saw a Heads Up Display on the lenses that did many different things — such as alerting her to when an important call came in.
Her HUD beeped three times and, in red, indicated “Dupuis, Alex” as an incoming call. She moved away mid-shot.
“Hey!” Pablo protested, the camera dangling from around his neck. “Where is you a-going?”
“Sorry, it’s someone from my agency calling; I won’t be long.” Jaclyn walked away, her red heels echoing off the studio’s hardwood floors. She grabbed her handbag, a black nylon job out of MZ Wallace’s Black Bedford collection, the Paige. Its contents shifted against her Walther P99, the pride of her grandfather’s Irish Gardaí heritage, in a chorus of Tic-Tacs and clinking coins as she lifted it and slung it over her shoulder. The bag clunked softly on her side as she headed for the nearest exit. She ignored Pablo’s fiery retort, which contained choice words Jaclyn was sure his mother would smack him for saying to a woman.
She unzipped a side pocket and dug out her BlackBerry, the silky nylon caressing the back of her hand. She accepted the call. 
Like I have a choice in the matter, she thought.
“Hey Chief,” Jaclyn answered.
“Are you secure, Agent Snapshot?”
Jaclyn’s cheek twitched. She disliked Alex’s right-to-the-point demeanor, but after 10 years, she had gotten used to it. 
“Give me a moment.” Jaclyn retrieved a small gray cube from her handbag and depressed a button. The device emitted an audible thrum, surrounding her and her phone with rays that would prevent eavesdropping. “All set.”
“Have you had the chance to check out the news this afternoon?”
“Not recently, no. I’ve been in this shoot all day, it seems. Pablo should feel lucky that I’m an extremely patient pers—”
“How much do you have left to do?”
Jaclyn quickly figured it out.
“The rest of the shoot is off, Jaclyn,” Alex snapped. “I’m sending you to Boston.”
Jaclyn leaned back against the hallway wall and dragged the back of her hand across her forehead; the air-conditioning inside the studio didn’t reach this far out, she realized.
“Why, what’s happening there?”
“We’re looking at a mass murder next to Boston City Hall. From what we’ve gathered, someone poisoned a shipment of bottled water.”
“I take it Boston Police can’t handle it, or else they wouldn’t give it to us.”
“We took the case from them pretty much from the start,” Alex corrected. “It’s a federal matter, at any rate; it’s interstate commerce. The company involved, Nantucket Harbor, is publicly traded; by Monday morning, their stock will be so low that no one in their right mind would buy it.”
“And it’s Saturday night right now.”
“Correct, which means that we have a scant few hours to discover who is behind this, or else that company will go belly-up by the time the bell rings on Wall Street.”
Jaclyn stepped away from the wall and began a slow, steady walk down the hallway. She couldn’t hear her own footsteps, even in her heels.
“It’ll take longer than that to solve, Chief.”
Jaclyn heard Alex’s resigned sigh. It worried her.
“I know. That is why President Kendall wants expediency in this matter; this is her home state we’re talking about. She wants the bastard who did this brought to justice at the soonest possible opportunity.”
“And then she can worry about all the other shit being thrown her way.”
“Pretty much,” Alex said after a pause.
“What time’s my flight?”
“We’re sending the Gulfstream to Miami International within the next few hours. You’ll have time to review the materials on the flight to Logan, and you’ll land early tomorrow morning. You’ll work with Mark Hanson; he’s a local agent, and he may have more intel for you by the time you arrive.”
Jaclyn nodded to herself.
“And what about the essentials? Will those be on the Gulfstream, too?”
Alex sniffed; Jaclyn knew the director just cracked a rare smile.
“You can’t wait to use your toys in a live-action scenario, can you?”
“Not really, Chief. I hope I don’t have to use them at all.”
“I wouldn’t bet on it, though. Snapshot, I want to be frank with you: I don’t know how this will end up, or what roads this will lead you. Use your best judgment, do you understand?”
Jaclyn nodded.
“Yes, Chief. I’ll be sure to do that.”
“Good. Transmit a requisition request to Quartermaster Parkerhurst with what you’ll require, and he’ll make sure you get it by Monday night.”
“Will do, Chief.”
“Good luck, Snapshot.”
Alex hung up. Several seconds later, Jaclyn did likewise. She canceled the transmitter’s distortion generator and leaned against the wall again. Her jacket rustled against the paneling.
Boston, she thought, the Hub of the Universe; the Cradle of Liberty. She slid the transmitter and her phone back into her bag, then crossed her arms under her breasts. She stepped out of her heels, standing barefoot on the floor.
“I wonder what awaits me there,” she said before she picked up her shoes. She returned to the studio, only to break the bad news to Pablo.

Chapter 3
Union Station, Worcester, Mass.
Sunday, July 18, 2011 — 12:04 a.m.

Grant Chillings leaned back in his leather chair, his right leg crossed over his left thigh, as the footage from only nine hours previous crossed the screen. He paid rapt attention, as if looking for something he missed when he watched it play out. His face reflected the screen; it did not have the look of someone sickened by what he saw.
It showed quite the opposite. 
His eyes danced as the camera panned across City Hall Plaza, showing the dead bodies on the concourse, medical teams walking about, police officers taking notes: the plaza had taken the look of an outdoor morgue. Yellow police tape stretched along the perimeter of the plaza, keeping people away from the scene.
Chillings listened as the reporter from one of the local news stations spoke to her camera. He heard her say that Green and Blue Line subway trains would not stop at the Government Center T stop for the next few days as the investigation, now in the hands of the federal government, developed. She noted the MBTA would allow B and D Green Line trains that normally terminated service at Government Center to continue on to Haymarket and North Station for the time being.
“We also understand,” the reporter said, “that bottled water from a well known company may have played a part in these deaths, but at this moment, we cannot confirm this; Boston Police have not commented.”
Hearing those words caused a broad smile, broader than the sweeping curves of nearby Interstate 290, to cross his young face.
I love it when a plan comes to fruition, Chillings thought.

***

Born in Worcester’s Vernon Hill area, Chillings’ Irish Catholic family settled on a piece of property near a group of buildings that became Worcester Academy, and they expected him to follow the family tradition of attending that school. But in a complete 180, Chillings decided to attend Holy Name, a Catholic high school located right around the corner from his family’s Victorian mansion. Despite going through his high school years in near-anonymity, his choices — especially in choosing which courses he’d take — started him down a path to corporate domination.
After he graduated as the valedictorian from Holy Name, he attended Worcester Polytechnic Institute. There, too, he wallowed in virtual anonymity even though his Major Qualifying Project, a task he completed for his degree, garnered great recognition for the school: He had created the first polymer plastic that kept liquids cool longer once taken out of refrigeration. The project earned him a federal grant that would enable him to mass-produce the polymer plastic. Beverage companies — especially Coca Cola and Pepsi — sang his praises; in several months, he had accomplished what they had tried to accomplish for years.
He did not intend to share his find with anyone else, though. Coca-Cola and Pepsi offered him great sums of money for the patent, but he shunned them. In time, he built a company from the floorboards up that, in his vision, would turn into a beverage distribution leader for decades, usurping Coca-Cola and Pepsi of that throne. He chose to stay away from soda — he didn’t drink it to begin with — and decided that the bottled water market needed a little more competition. The idea hit him: Market a product that stayed cold in its bottle longer than the others did. He had the technology — and the grant — to do so. He drew up plans to create his business, and he started production on his bottles later that year, churning them out at a rapid pace.
Chillings created Arctic Breeze, an appropriate name for his brand considering its futuristic packaging. He marketed it as a rival to Evian; “For the refined palate” was his marketing slogan. He charged six dollars a bottle.
It became a hit with his target audience, and in his first year, Chillings made a fortune.
The other side of success hit in his second year: His plant polluted Worcester, constantly belching black refuse into the air, so much so that residents and college students — Holy Cross sat less than half a mile from his plant — complained to the city in protest. No longer anonymous to anyone, the city and environmental agencies threatened him with lawsuits if he did not clear up his plant’s production line. He eventually complied with their requests and even donated several million dollars to environmental causes. He returned to the city’s good graces when he chose to move his offices from his plant to Union Station, the renovated train and bus depot. He rented out the entire upstairs floor, and he chose, as his personal office, a room between the majestic limestone towers that had represented the skyline at one point in the city’s history. Through the picture windows, he took in a northward view that only a tractor-trailer passing on the highway could mar.
Ever since that point in his career, Chillings turned his attention to his competition, and he believed he found two ways to eliminate them: Industrial espionage and corporate terrorism. He wanted a monopoly on the bottled water market, and he felt he would have it, by hook or by crook.
He felt he was on the verge of controlling the market. Yesterday’s events in Boston put him one step closer to that dream.

***

Nantucket Harbor will fall, Chillings thought, and that means one less company to wipe off the face of the map.
He stared at the television as the door to his office creaked open. He did not have to turn his head; he knew who it was.
David Wright, Chillings’ assistant, walked in, a heavy bundle in his arms. Chillings paid him no heed as Wright walked to the desk and put the next morning’s papers — The Boston Globe, Boston Herald and the Worcester Telegram & Gazette — in the middle of it, ready for Chillings’ perusal.
“The early editions, sir. I’m sure you’ll want to check out the carnage your company created yesterday,” Wright said.
Chillings, though, ignored him. He didn’t have to read the papers, either. He reached over and grabbed a glass of his finest product. He let his thumb slide down the crystal, pulling condensation away. “I’ll get to them in the morning. The reporters don’t really know the whole story now, do they? One of them tried to call me for comment a few hours later. As if I have time for reporters and their petty shenanigans; I should buy his paper just so I can fire him. Or I could call him in the morning and give him a bombshell of a story. I’ll have to think about it.” Chillings’ eyes danced as he thought, if only momentarily, about revealing his involvement to the public. He let the thought wander off and took a long, healthy sip.
Wright remained silent.
“What is on the agenda for tomorrow, David?”
“I can assure you there are no media briefings,” Wright replied. “You do have to face the board of directors, though, at 11 a.m. That will take place in the company boardroom. You also have the charity gala downstairs at 8 p.m.”
Chillings grumbled. He forgot about the gala.
I’ll worry about looking my best after I meet with the board, he thought. It’s tough to schmooze money out of people when I have plenty of it.
“Make sure that the limo waits for me overnight,” Chillings said as he stood up. “I wouldn’t want to keep those sniveling bastards waiting any longer than I should, especially on a Sunday. I should, at the very least, show them a modicum of respect; they paid into this company.” Chillings walked around his desk and grabbed his suit coat from the tall wooden hat rack in the corner. “Has your father left for the day?”
“Of course he has, sir. I’m sure he’ll be at the boardroom awaiting you first thing in the morning.”
“Good.” Chillings slid his arms into his jacket and walked back to his desk. He grabbed the glass of water and drank the rest of it. “I shall see you tomorrow, then.”
“Have a good night, sir.”
Chillings left Wright standing there as he departed; he knew that even at that late hour, Wright had several things to accomplish before he retired for the evening. 
Luckily I have people on my staff who, like me, rely on little sleep to perform their assigned tasks, he thought as he walked down the steps to the marble-floored foyer. I’ll have to check with him tomorrow to see where the next stage in my plan is at; I want it implemented soon.
Chillings walked through the black doors and stepped into the Worcester night, feeling the warm air hit him. His limo had yet to appear, but that did not concern him. He stood under the wrought iron and glass awning as the blast furnace of New England’s summer made him swelter; he wished he had a bed in his air-conditioned office for nights such as these. He looked off to the right and saw a few cars driving on the westbound side of 290, their headlights blazing off into the darkness; the flashing blue lights of a State Police cruiser streaked eastbound. Thin black lampposts stood atop the cement barriers on the other side of the bricked causeway, the large bricks set in a wave pattern stretching in a semi-circle. A limestone statue of Christopher Columbus sat in the courtyard below, keeping vigil over the traffic circle and the yellow directional signs in front of the long-dead explorer.
His limo arrived a moment later. The car rolled along the road until it came to rest with the rear passenger door perfectly aligned with his position. He didn’t wait for the driver to open his door; he did it himself and slid into the back seat.
“Back to the bungalow, my good man,” Chillings said once he closed the door. “I have a long day tomorrow. I need a 10 a.m. pick-up.”
“Yes, sir,” the driver said, looking into the rear view mirror. The driver hit the gas and drove toward the Washington Square rotary.
Chillings leaned back and pressed a button, rolling the window that separated him from his driver back into its regular place. He smiled as he thought of the prior day’s events once again during the short drive to his Vernon Hill estate.
“The world is mine,” he said. “The world will want my water when everything is said and done. They’ll want just a drop to drink.”
The limo rolled onto 290.

***

Home of Worcester state representative Jeff Harper
Sunday, July 18, 2011 — 6:30 a.m.

Jeff Harper rose with the sun, as he did every morning. 
Birds chirped outside his window. Golden light surged through the glass, dust dancing inside the slanted column. Clad in striped boxer shorts and a white ribbed tank top, Harper walked downstairs from his bedroom to the kitchen. He slipped a Green Mountain Coffee K Cup into his Keurig brewer and pressed the button for a large mug. He fetched the Sunday Telegram, his morning paper.
The bold headline WATER PANIC GRIPS HUB caught his attention immediately. He usually didn’t care about Boston stories, especially in the Worcester newspaper, but since the story had been all over the news yesterday evening, his curiosity took over. He opened the front section, where a full color photo of the scene, of bodies covered in white sheets, from the vendor stations stretching back toward the federal building, took up five of the six columns on the front page. City Hall loomed in the background, a concrete witness leaning over the dead.
Harper’s eyes wandered over the photo as the hard vibrations of his Keurig re-heating water drew his attention away from the paper. He sugared his coffee and stirred it before he read Mike Elfland’s report. His mind reeled. 
The political side of his mind, the side hidden and only revealed to those close to him, schemed.
How can I use this against her today?
Harper grinned. 
Harper represented the 16th Worcester District in the Massachusetts General Court and sat on the Joint Committee for Transportation, but he held higher aspirations: He wanted to represent the state in the U.S. Senate, the same seat his father, Tom Harper, held on Capitol Hill in the 1970’s. In order to do that, though, he needed to tear the seat away from the Democrat who had a firm grip on it. 
In order to do that, in his mind, he had to go after President Sarah Kendall, the head of his opponent’s party, with never-ending verbal attacks. The incumbent didn’t matter. He intended to win his old man’s seat with the same campaign tactics his fellow Republicans used in past elections: with fear-mongering and casting blame. It worked during the 2010 Mid-Term Election, it would work in the 2012 Election.
It would work, he thought. 
He would just add to the torrential tumult; it was already open season on the president. A little more pressure on the White House would tip the scales his and every other Republican’s way, and his party would not only retain that important seat in Congress, but the White House, as well. The election was a year away, and he needed to begin his campaign. He also needed to announce his intention to run, which he would do later today before he attended Grant Chillings’ reception this evening. The invitation, long since R.S.V.P.’d, stuck out from the letter holder against the wall.
He decided months ago, when Kendall won the presidency, that he would make a bid for his father’s old senate seat. He wanted to damage Kendall’s already-tarnished reputation to the point the Democrats would be unable to support her for re-election at the national convention next year. He had kept an eye on virtually everything having to do with Sarah Kendall: from her winning Massachusetts’ 10th Congressional District seat to her shock move to the White House, from signed legislation to foreign policy. 
Harper had plenty of ammunition to use against her. It was only a question of how he would use it, and when. He would ruin her, because he knew Kendall’s deepest, darkest secret, something the media never noticed over the past 13 years.
Kendall wouldn’t be able to escape from the ensuing firestorm.
He smiled as he sipped his morning coffee.

Chapter 4
Logan International Airport, Boston, Mass.
Sunday, July 18, 2011 — 6:45 a.m.

Jaclyn came awake just as the Gulfstream touched down. She had fallen asleep as they approached New York City. There was only so much caffeine to ingest; she only needed a short nap to keep going. 
She had changed into work clothes — a blue-gray skirt suit complete with a white button-down blouse that she left untucked — somewhere over Philadelphia, after she reviewed the materials Dupuis sent along. By the time she fell asleep, she had everything in the file memorized as well as recorded to a microchip embedded in her HUD for later perusal. 
Once the plane began taxiing on the Logan asphalt, she unbuckled her seat belt and stood up, stretching the weariness away. She yanked her jacket off and pulled out a black leather shoulder holster from her bag. She slid her Walther P99 in it, locking it in place.
She heard a chime as she slipped her jacket back on.
“Agent Snapshot, the car is waiting for you on the tarmac. You’ll be able to de-plane in a moment.”
“Thanks; you guys did a bang-up job as always,” Jaclyn replied, hitting the call button.
The plane slowed down several heartbeats later. A stewardess came into the cabin and opened the door for Jaclyn.
“We’ll make sure your things find their way to your hotel. Agent Hanson has the details for you.”
“Thanks, Claire. Have a safe flight back.”
“Good luck.”
An unmarked black sedan had parked some 20 feet away from the stairs, and she saw an older man with short black hair leaned against the door.
That must be my partner, Jaclyn thought.
The agent stepped away from the car and extended his hand. Jaclyn grasped it tight.
“Agent Snapshot, I presume? Mark Hanson.”
“Nice to meet you, Agent Hanson. Have you learned anything about the attacks since last night?”
“Nothing concrete; the samples are in the possession of our best chemists, and we may have something a little more reliable than hearsay soon.” Hanson opened the passenger door for Jaclyn.
“I sure hope so, but I wouldn’t bet on it,” she replied as she slid in. “President Kendall, I understand, wants this guy caught soon.”
“We’ll do our best, of course.” Hanson shut the door and walked around the front to his own side. He slid in just as the Gulfstream taxied away. “Where to? The government has set you up at the Marriott Long Wharf for the near future, so I can drop you off there if you’d like. I’m sure you’d like to get some rest.”
“How about we go to the scene first? I’ve read the files and watched the news footage on the flight, but I want to get a good look at what we’re dealing with.”
“We can do that,” Hanson said as he turned the engine over. He pulled away from the terminal and slid into Route 1A traffic a few minutes later. The Sumner Tunnel swallowed the sedan into its narrow, two-lane maw, pulling it toward Boston proper. Hanson hit his directional, changing into the left-hand lane before darkness crept in around them.
On a normal day with regular traffic, the trip from East Boston to Government Center took about 15 minutes. With it a Sunday and hardly any traffic, they made it to City Hall in less than 10; Hanson flipped the radio to WROR and they heard the traffic reporter announce clear roads ahead and no delays. Daylight hit the windshield as they emerged; Hanson lowered the driver’s side visor. Jaclyn sat resolute in the passenger seat.
After they wound their way through the twists and turns of Boston’s narrow streets, they found news vans and trucks lining Congress Street, their satellite dishes pointed toward the sky. Power cords stretched across the sidewalk and up into a City Hall window, siphoning electricity. Hanson pulled into a spot near the handicapped ramp, making a few adjustments so no one would clip his side mirror.
“I detest parallel parking,” Hanson said.
“Why can’t we park under the federal building and walk? I don’t mind a little exercise.”
“It’s closed on Sunday. This will do; and we won’t have to get used to air conditioning inside before we walk outside.”
Feeling the last remnants of the sedan’s air conditioning, Jaclyn shrugged and unbelted, opening the door and felt the flow of warm, salty air invade her private space. She stepped out onto the concrete sidewalk and, through her dark Foster Grants, got her first glimpse of Boston proper. She looked to the left of the car and saw a line of trees sprout up on the far side of Congress Street, blocking the lower part of the six Holocaust Memorial towers from view; above and behind, the red sign and scaffolding of the Union Oyster House looked out toward the North End. A wrought iron fence sprang from the long central island like a thousand spikes, curving toward the sky as dual-bulbed street lights broke the monotonous pattern; small purple-leafed plantings hung from the lanterns’ crossing bar. Jaclyn turned to her left and saw the massive brick subway station that served Haymarket Station stretch several blocks to the north, and off in the distance, she could detect the presence of Haymarket Square, the smell of fish still lingering on the air. A parking garage, further down on Congress Street, seemed to hover above the land, dangling there without a safety net.
Then she turned her attention to where it should have been in the first place.
From her spot on Congress Street, her HUD picked up the rolling hues of maroon, black and slate gray. Bricks stretched to a set of four granite stairs leading to another flotilla of bricks, which stretched again to another set of stairs. The stairs formed an amphitheater surrounding a brick dais set off City Hall; a railing bisected the stairs, as if hammered into the terrain. A steel trellis rested on the stage. Over to Jaclyn’s right, the JFK Federal Building lurched upward. City Hall stood to the left. And straight ahead, 1-2-3 Center Plaza curved along Cambridge Street on the western side of the plaza. 
Behind it, the old Pemberton Square courthouse, one of the lone survivors of Scollay Square’s demise in the early 1960’s, looked down upon the scene, mocking the square with its longevity. The courthouse had remained from the city’s forced revitalization, standing tall and white among the rubble of 19th Century buildings below. 
Now over 70 years old with a brown façade, newer, taller skyscrapers dwarfed it.
Jaclyn took one more look around. A smooth melody erupted in her mind.
“They paved paradise, and put up a parking lot,” she whispered.
Hanson and Jaclyn walked toward the handicapped ramp with long strides. Flimsy yellow police tape prevented anyone from passing onto the property, but Hanson ignored the KEEP BACK warnings. He lifted it, allowing Jaclyn to pass.
“Hey, you guys can’t come in here.”
Hanson flashed his badge to the Boston police officer, not breaking stride as they walked toward the stage. The cop relented when he got a closer look, even though Jaclyn’s attire should have been a tip-off. Jaclyn followed Hanson, not bothering to dig out her ID. She surveyed the surrounding buildings as she walked across the red-bricked plaza, her HUD ever vigilant, scanning for snipers. 
Instead of the pigeons that normally roosted there, crows lined the top of City Hall and the pedestrian walkway. She looked over to the Sears Crescent building, another one of Scollay’s still-standing remnants, and saw a few perched there, as well. She had a very good idea why they were so perilously close to the scene, and wondered how the cops kept them at bay.
The birds were the least of her worries as they rounded the stage.
The stench hit Jaclyn like a stone thrown at the bridge of her nose. At first it was the smell of urine, but as she and Hanson moved up another ramp, the smell of dried blood and vomit made her stagger. 
The smell of the corpses, though, made her gag. She brought the lapel of her jacket up to her mouth in an attempt to protect her own insides from the methane fumes. 
“I smelled it last night,” Hanson said. “It’s not pleasant.” 
“You ain’t just whistlin’ Dixie.”
“I’d give you some Vicks to put under your nose, but it doesn’t cancel the odor out; it just makes death smell like a eucalyptus plant gone bad.”
“I’ll take your word for it.”
No one had moved the corpses from where they landed the day before. Jaclyn’s HUD picked up the white sheets, morning’s light reflecting off them; the HUD countered the glare. The vendor stalls had stayed put, too; a white sheet covered another body behind the stall covered with the bottled water company’s logo. She saw that no one emerged from deep within the bowels of the subway station, a bricked ziggurat in the southwest corner of the plaza. No one lined Cambridge Street, but several cars drove by in either direction, their drivers slowing down a tad to rubberneck. 
Other than the police officers that guarded the dead, City Hall Plaza had, albeit temporarily, turned into a ghost town.
An eerie feeling stroked Jaclyn’s spine as she gazed across the concourse.
“When are they moving the bodies? I’m sure their families want closure.”
“They’re just waiting for the M.E.’s to come in; they had a shooting in Dot —”
“Dot?”
“That’s local slang for Dorchester. Couple of punks with guns shot up a playground just about the same time this happened, so they’ve been busy with that today. They may bring in that special semi with the full autopsy room they have out in Worcester County, but they need authorization to bring it here.”
“From who?”
“From you. You’re the agent in charge here.”
Her Foster Grants saved her. Her eyes bulged at the mere idea of having control over the situation. She quickly calmed herself down; her heart felt like it had run a personal best in a marathon.
“We might as well call them in. The quicker they get these bodies identified and released to their families, the sooner the city can begin the road to closure. And I’m sure those people,” she said, looking out toward Sears Crescent, where people ventured to and from the nearby Starbucks; those leaving walked down what was left of Cornhill Street, their eyes gawking to the left, “don’t want to skirt the plaza to use the subway any more than they have to.”
Hanson nodded. He turned to a nearby police officer and issued the order. Jaclyn called another officer over.
“So how did everything play out?”
“It’s simple, ma’am,” the officer, Miller, according to his nameplate, said. “People lined up for free samples of water, folks started serving. People keeled over and died. Free concerts like these are a marketing manager’s wet dream come true; the ability to reach many different people at once and hope they like the product enough to go to the store tomorrow and pick some up. They give away free shit, but do the people actually go to the store and buy the product? Not really. It’s just a waste of advertising money.”
“And as you can see, a waste of life, too. I didn’t ask for your personal opinion, Officer Miller, I asked for facts.” Jaclyn dismissed him without another word. Miller’s mouth twisted in embarrassment as he sulked away.
Jaclyn sidestepped the bodies and walked over to the vendor cart. For a few moments, the sounds of her shoes drowned out the sounds of passing cars on Cambridge Street. She saw a lone body, a white sheet draped over it, behind the cart. A plastic bottle with the Nantucket Harbor logo lay empty a few feet away from the body. 
She lifted the sheet.
The dead man’s face had begun turning green already. Jaclyn recoiled, turning her head at the initial shock. Despite the sheet, small flies buzzed around, while some parked themselves in the corpse’s ears, nose and mouth. Tiny yellow bulbs lay in the contours of the skin, especially around the eyes and inside the ears and nose. Ants also crawled about, sliding into the deceased’s body without protest. She wasn’t an M.E., but she had the basic understanding of the dead: With the temperature in the high 90s, and death occurring some 16 hours ago, the bodies had gone into full rigor mortis sometime overnight.
Jaclyn dropped the sheet.
She turned away and surveyed the rest of the area. She snuck a peek in the van and saw no additional cases of water; she suspected the first responders had confiscated them yesterday. Jaclyn leaned against the cart and looked back toward the dead. 
Words failed her. She bit her bottom lip as she inhaled and shook her blonde head. She walked back to where Hanson stood. 
“I’ve seen enough, I think,” she said. He nodded before they walked back to the sedan.
“Hungry? I’m famished.”
Jaclyn stared at him through her Foster Grants.
“I don’t think I’ll ever have an appetite again.”

Chapter 5
Situation Room, White House, Washington, D.C.
Sunday, July 18, 2011 — 10:15 a.m.

Two Secret Service agents flanked Dupuis and Kendall as they walked together to the Situation Room. They had met in the Oval Office a few minutes beforehand, only for the director to tell the president that Jaclyn had arrived in Boston and had already visited the scene.
“How did she sound?” Kendall asked.
“A little distraught, but I know Jaclyn: she won’t let her personal feelings get in the way.”
“So you’re saying, unofficially, that Jaclyn’s going to make this case a vendetta for herself.”
“Pretty much so, Madame President. Jaclyn’s a defender of the weak; she always has been. She knows these people couldn’t defend themselves. She’ll go after this son of a bitch and make sure he is either killed or brought to justice.”
“I have to respect someone dedicated to their work, regardless of their methods.”
“Oh, you don’t know the half of it. Jaclyn is about as dedicated to serving her country as a sailor or an infantryman, and even as dedicated as you are, ma’am.”
“Maybe she could take some of the weight of the office off me for a change.”
“If you ask it of her, she may just do it.”
“Remind me of that after this meeting.”
The assembled throng stood as Kendall walked into the Situation Room. The president, dressed in a dark blue running suit and pink sneakers, walked to her customary seat at the head of the wide oak conference table; Dupuis sat next to her on the left. Telephones were set at every seat. A wall of television monitors stood at the other end of the room opposite the doorway. Pitchers of water sat idle in the middle; the Situation Room’s occupants, this early in the morning, preferred coffee. While Ebenezer’s Coffee House did strong business with the legislative branch, folks at the White House strolled into Caribou Coffee House on the northwest branch of Pennsylvania Avenue every morning. Cups of their fresh brew steamed on the table. An aide placed a cup at the president’s seat. The president sugared her coffee and took a little sip.
She began:
“As I’m sure you know by now, Boston was attacked yesterday afternoon. A small segment of the population was hit by this.” She took a breath and let it all sink in. “We have 46 confirmed deaths, but it could have been much worse. We are under the impression that folks on the scene nipped it in the bud and that the death toll will not rise any further than that. It may not seem like a lot, but the fact that someone figured it out before any more people could die was paramount.
“We are considering this a terrorist attack. Agents in Boston as well as an agent Alex sent from another assignment began investigating this incident. I’m expecting reports from the new agent every six —”
“Wait a second, Sarah,” interrupted Dick Bennett, Kendall’s Chief of Staff. Bennett looked 60, but like Kendall, he had suffered from the strains of the current scandals that rocked the White House. There were whispers that he would resign rather than go through another election cycle, but anyone who truly knew Bennett knew he was fiercely loyal to Kendall. “Are you talking about a new agent as in someone new to the investigation, or new agent as in someone who’s green behind the gills?”
Kendall twisted her lips as she considered her answer. The wall clock behind Kendall’s head ticked three seconds off.
“I would say new on both counts, Dick.”
Bennett’s eyes bulged.
“I wish you would have consulted with me first. You sent in a green agent without experience on a case of this magnitude? You need to recall him.”
“It’s only 46 deaths, Mr. Bennett,” Dupuis said, not noticing his incorrect pronoun usage. “Surely you don’t think my agents can’t handle something like that.” Dupuis’ words had a lingering taunt upon them; she knew Bennett had no love for the CIA, especially her handpicked covert ops team.
“It’s not that, Alex. I’m slightly concerned, however, about what this will do to the president’s polling numbers should the CIA fail in her hometown, of all things. As I’m sure you know, Sarah’s presidency is on rocky terrain right now,” — a sharp, “Thanks, Dick,” broke from Kendall’s position, “How about you kick my dog, too?”; many in the room snickered — “and if this new agent of yours screws up, the party will take a hit come next November. Our own campaign will take a huge hit; we may not even get out of New Hampshire alive, and we can kiss the convention good bye, too.”
“Wait a second. Are you trying to tell me that you care more about politics and the chance that you’ll lose your job over the fact that people have lost their lives, or that you care about losing your job and politics over the safety of your fellow Americans? Is that what all of the grandstanding is all about, Dick?”
Bennett’s face slid slowly to the color of a fire engine. Kendall, on the other hand, looked disturbed by it all. She looked between the two adversaries, her eyes darting back and forth to opposite sides of the table. She leaned back and kept her eyes on her Chief of Staff. The president had the room’s complete attention after a few moments; a nervous energy surrounded Kendall’s side of the table.
“Dick, I don’t really care about politics any longer, or whether or not we win the White House back next year; that’s too far into the future to worry about right now.”
“But Sarah —”
“No, Dick. There are no ‘but Sarah’s’ here. If anything, I don’t think the party will confirm my nomination, let alone nominate me in the first place unless things start going right for my administration from this moment forward. We need to worry about the here and now, not an election 16 1/2 months down the road.”
Bennett looked ready to mutiny. Kendall held up her hand, silencing him before he could say a word.
“I don’t care about political wrangling right now, either,” she continued. “I care more about those poor people who died in Boston, and what’s happening there, than I do with trying to stay in office for four more years. The love of human life is more important than trying to keep ones’ job. And keep this in mind: If it’s happening at a free concert in Boston, where else is it happening? There are free concerts in New York, Indianapolis, San Francisco, Los An—” Kendall hesitated, closing her eyes for the briefest of moments until she recovered. “This is more than just 46 lives, Dick; it could turn out to be a lot more than 46 deaths if we don’t go to the ends of the Earth with this investigation in Boston.
“I happen to trust Alex’s judgment. If she thinks her agent is the best available, then by all means, let’s ride her to victory. And if it doesn’t —”
“Madame President,” Dupuis interrupted, turning all heads her way; an aide walked in and slid a piece of paper in front of Kendall. “I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again to everyone in this room right now: This agent does not know the meaning of the word failure. Any dictionary she ever read never included it. She will succeed.”
“She?!”
“Enough Dick,” Kendall warned, holding the paper in her hand and reading it only for a few seconds before she handed it to Dupuis. “If you disagree with how we’re handling this, you are more than welcome to submit your resignation. I know you say you’re loyal to me, but I’m sorry: I’m just a tad more loyal to the people who sent me to not only Beacon Hill, but to Capitol Hill and the White House.” 
Bennett swallowed hard. Any color he had left slowly vacated his face.
“That goes for anyone else who disagrees with how we’re handling the situation in Boston,” Kendall added. “The company involved has issued a massive, country-wide recall of all their products. They say it’ll be weeks before they can resume production; they have to clean out their tanks and make sure they are able to put out a safe product.”
“Which means that there’s the possibility, however slim of it, that one of their competitors could take advantage of this,” Bennett said. 
“Correct. It means that we need to keep a close eye on the bottled water market.”
“It’ll be damned difficult, Sarah.”
“It’s not like they announce daily sales figures to the public,” chorused a voice at the far end of the conference table.
“No,” Dupuis chimed in, “but many of these companies trade publicly on Wall Street. Nantucket Harbor will take a sure hit.”
“What do you suggest, Madame Director?”
Dupuis started. She would wonder about his question the rest of the day. 
“I think the president has the right idea; keep an eye on the market and look for any anomalies. I can have my people at Langley begin work on that first thing tomorrow morning.”
“And as for the agent in Boston?”
Dupuis sighed, but Kendall intervened.
“She’s staying, Dick. We need to give her a chance; she’s all we have at the moment, especially if this turns out to be a situation where more than just investigative powers are needed.”
This time, Bennett sighed. He did not get out of his seat in protest, though. He firmed his lips and nodded.
“I’m also advising Alex that Homeland Security should raise the terrorist threat level to orange,” Kendall added. Everyone murmured. “We are not sure if one of our enemies did this, or someone on our own soil. If it was one of our enemies and we expose them, our allies will be incensed, our enemies disgraced. But if it is one of our own citizens trying to kill us all —”
Kendall let the thought linger for a few minutes. She didn’t have to say it directly. If one of their own wanted them dead, foreign terrorists would applaud them. 
Kendall stood and began to leave. Dupuis followed.
“What’s up with the note-passing?” the director asked as they walked to the Oval Office. “I didn’t know we were in study hall, Madame President.”
Kendall ignored the jibe.
“Apparently the NOW has set up another protest on Pennsylvania Avenue. Metro Police have advised me against taking my morning jog. They fear the pro-choicer crowd may grow angry if they see me out and about.”
“Protesting on a Sunday morning? Don’t those people have church services to attend?”
“Give them a placard and point them in the direction of a protest, especially one against a pro-life female president, and it turns into an all-day event and fun for the whole family, if you like that sort of fun.”
“You’d think the NOW would want to see you succeed. Hell, most women want to see you succeed, Democrats and Republicans alike; it’s the Neanderthals in the barrooms and in the South that are waiting for you to crack up.”
Kendall waved it aside.
“They hate the fact I’m a Democrat and that I’m against same sex marriage; I voted against it in the state legislature a decade ago and I’ve held to that principle for so long that the NOW has decided to publicly blast me and twist every word I say into an affront against women. Apparently they missed the memo that I have boobs too, and that I support other liberal policies and served my country with distinction. But alas, you go against their main core policies as a politician, and as a female politician at that, and you’re Public Enemy No. 1: This protest is over the anti-abortion bill I sent to the House last week. Even though I’ve shown time and again that I’m willing to extend my hand across the aisle, I’m sure the Republicans are itching to kill the bill like they tried to kill the health care plan over and over and over again. And it’s not me they’re after, it’s the bill. I’ll tell you, the pettiness and the negativity in this town sucks, Alex.”
“Then they should protest on Capitol Hill, and when Congress is in session. Don’t they know congressmen sleep in on Sundays?”
Kendall’s laugh sounded nasal, like she sniffed.
“Probably not. I’m going to take my jog. Let them protest; it’s the right I fought for them to have.” 
They continued walking to the West Wing proper. Dupuis didn’t want to stay much longer; she told Kendall she’d call when she heard anything from Jaclyn.
But when Kendall’s longtime aide, a woman who had been on her staff for over a decade and a half ran up to the president and the director as they were about to turn into the Oval Office, the three of them walked in together.
“Madame President, you’ll want to see what’s on CNN.”
“Please tell me someone declared nuclear war on us so I can use those weapons everyone says I have at my disposal,” Kendall replied. Her lips dripped with sarcasm.
“It’s worse than that, I’m afraid, ma’am.”
Dupuis wanted to ask, “What’s worse than nuclear war?” but held her tongue. The three of them walked into the Oval Office. The aide already called CNN up on the television, and the anchor blared following a promotion for an upcoming network program:
“News out of Massachusetts at this hour, as Republican U.S. Senate hopeful Jeffrey Harper, the son of the late U.S. Representative Tom Harper, has officially announced his candidacy.”
Kendall gasped as the inset displayed a picture of the new player on the country’s political landscape. Dupuis glanced at her from the corner of her eye, but returned her attention to the television. Then the shot changed to a recorded feed.
“I intend to help clean up Washington,” the voice of Harper said. The president choked. “I intend on making and approving laws that make sense for everyone; not laws that just pander to a certain interest group. My fellow Americans, that has happened for too long in this country, and it usually happens when the Democrats control the White House and Capitol Hill. That must end with my election.”
“Oh, shit,” Kendall’s aide said.
“Quiet, Nadine.”
The aide didn’t apologize.
“We need to put an end to helping big businesses and corporations from getting away with tax breaks while our poor go hungry. We need to make sure that big businesses don’t avoid lawsuits if they’ve harmed our citizens.”
“Here it comes,” Kendall breathed.
“In Boston yesterday, 46 people were killed, and rumor has it that a big business was involved, and that they are preparing for bankruptcy.”
“Have you heard anything about that?” Kendall asked the director.
Dupuis shook her head. “It wouldn’t surprise me, though.”
Harper’s rant continued.
“Now, the federal government is investigating these claims. But we all know how slow things move when it comes to our government, especially with Democrats in charge and how it works against the people. With my election, I’ll make sure the Democrats can’t stall important legislation that affects everyone, and we’ll make sure the Kendall administration passes laws that make sense – if she is re-elected, of course.” 
Kendall had heard enough. She shouted, “That son of a —”
She cut herself off before she could utter that last syllable. 
Harper continued.
“I intend to show the American people they were wrong in electing Sarah Kendall, as well as reasons why. I’ll show you how low she has sunk.”
The president looked to the two women, and it appeared to Dupuis that the president was on the verge of tears. Kendall’s face quivered.
Dupuis had a feeling there would be no jog today.
Kendall stormed out of the room and into her private office, leaving Dupuis and the president’s aide standing there, perplexed at what they had just seen on both the television and out of the leader of free world.

Chapter 6
Arctic Breeze, Inc. Board Room, Worcester, Mass.
Sunday, July 18, 2011 — 11:10 a.m.

“So you see,” Chillings explained as he paced the floor, “what happened yesterday will not only benefit Arctic Breeze, it will benefit your pockets. With Nantucket Harbor out of the picture for, at the very least, the time being, this is the time to strike at a new group of customers. We have to assure the people that our water is safe, and that our space-age polymer plastic will keep their water colder, longer.”
“How do you plan on doing that, Grant?” asked James Cannon.
“We’ve prepared advertisements in case this kind of emergency,” Chillings said, pausing for a heartbeat, “presented itself.” He could not hide his mirth from the board. He picked up his glass of water — every seat had a pitcher of water in front of the person who sat there — and raised it in a toast to every board member. He sipped.
He watched as the board members looked at each other. Chillings felt the apprehension growing.
“You knew what was going to happen in Boston, didn’t you?” Cannon asked. “Don’t waste your breath lying to us.”
“I did.”
Their eyes darted from face to face, panicked. They hadn’t expected this. Nervous tension filled the room. 
Chillings heard every ragged, frightened breath, though. He knew they were out of their comfort zone. They weren’t in control. He was. At the far end of the table, an older gentleman coughed. It was a brittle, hacking sound. Chillings wondered which pacemaker would shut down first.
“I think we have the right to know about this company’s doings in regards to what happened yesterday,” Cannon said. “If we had something to do with Nantucket Harbor, we all could be indicted.  I don’t need that on my conscience. Perhaps a public statement —”
“I don’t give a damn what you think you have the right to know,” Chillings said, his voice rising. “This is my company. I shall do what I want with its assets, whenever I feel like it. No one will speak of our involvement. It’ll mean no one will know anything, and we’ll be in the clear.”
“Did you poison the water?” Cannon asked, not missing a beat. 
“Did I?”
“Damn it, Grant!” Cannon practically stood. “We’re talking about peoples’ lives here.”
“And I’m talking about my life, the life of this company. That’s what matters to me. It should matter to all of you, as well.”
Chillings looked at each one of them, wondering which would be the first. He knew every single one of them had a weakness, especially when it came down to being cutthroat businessmen. They returned his glare. Chillings didn’t blink. He noticed their faces had paled, the realization sinking in: He had committed mass murder. No one would know if these people didn’t breathe a word, though. He smirked. They shuddered.
He looked at Cannon. The man shook his head, his eyes closed.
“I can’t do this,” Cannon said, slapping his hands on the table. He stood and tried to make for the door, but Chillings sidestepped and blocked his passage.
“Where do you think you’re going, Jim?”
“I’m getting out of here. You’ll have my resignation on your desk in the morning.” He walked past Chillings.
“You can’t do that, Jim.”
Cannon whirled.
“Just try and stop me!” He turned again, the door 10 feet away.
Chillings snickered as he reached inside his jacket and pulled out a Beretta semiautomatic. He didn’t wait for Cannon to reach for the doorknob. His lip twitched as he pulled the trigger.
Cannon dropped to the floor, his back riddled with bullets. Panic rose. Chillings turned and pointed the gun at them. 
“So, who’s next? Who wants to resign now? Who’ll be the weak link in our chain? Who’ll blab? Will it be you?” He pointed the gun at them in turn. He gleefully watched as they recoiled, their mouths quivering, their eyebrows lifted in abject fear. “Or you?”
Chillings stared at each of them.
“This company is my baby, the only thing that matters to me. Wouldn’t you want to protect your child as long as you could?”
They didn’t hear a word he said. Instead of looking at him, the men and women looked past him to Cannon’s corpse.

***

Chillings killed them all.
He pumped the trigger as he moved the gun across the table’s width. None tried to oppose him. He didn’t bat an eyelash as their bodies crashed onto the tabletop, their blood seeping onto its cherry lacquer finish. No one moaned.
A wicked smile crossed his face when David Wright walked into the conference room.
“What would you like me to do now, sir?” Wright asked. 
“Wait until tonight. Weigh the bodies down and dump them into Quinsigamond. Make certain there is no way they can float to the surface, David. Send several of my guards to make sure the directors’ families are taken care of.” Chillings stroked his chin. “Make sure they take care of it before the benefit starts; we’re supposed to have a modicum of press coverage, and I don’t want them to know about their husbands’… sudden resignations.”
Wright nodded as his cheek twitched.
“As you wish, sir.”
“Make sure their stocks are all transferred to me, though, before the benefit. I want to make my big announcement tonight.”
Wright acknowledged him with a soft nod before he left.
Chillings returned to his office. He walked toward the window that looked toward the northwest. The city of Worcester sprawled under golden sunshine, and cars slid past his plant along Interstate 290. 
Soon the world will be mine, he thought, and everyone will pony up the money for just a drop of my water.

Chapter 7
Quincy Market, Boston, Mass.
Sunday, July 18, 2011 — 11:15 a.m.

Jaclyn managed to keep her stomach from rejecting what Hanson ordered for both of them at Durgin-Park, a quick walk away from Government Center in Quincy Market. While Hanson had steamer clams, Jaclyn spooned creamy Shepherd’s Pie into her mouth with the force of a steam shovel moving earth. She had to beg off dessert. 
Her BlackBerry chimed as a message came in.
“You want to check that?” Hanson said as he lathed a clam in butter.
“Nah, I’ll check it at the hotel, whenever I get over there.”
“It may be important.”
“It was Alex’s chime,” Jaclyn explained, “and it was the unimportant, keep-doing-what-you’re-doing chime. Now if it was important —”
Her BlackBerry rang with a double chime. Her face fell.
“That would happen, huh?” Hanson asked.
Jaclyn nodded.
“I’d answer it now.”
“Yeah.”
Jaclyn slid out of the booth and headed outside for a little privacy while Hanson continued to chow down.
She stepped onto the rolling gray cobblestones and pressed the green button.
“Hey Chief, what’s going on?”
“Jaclyn, are you secure at the moment?”
Jaclyn rolled her eyes.
She’s so damned predictable, she thought.
“No, I’m not, and I really can’t be secure; I’m standing in Quincy Market with a bunch of tourists. It would be very difficult for anyone —”
“I get it, Jaclyn. I’ve sent information to your BlackBerry that is relevant to your case.”
“What is it?”
“It’s a full dossier of a Worcester company. We’d like you to check out the owner. His name is Grant Chillings.”
“Why does that name ring a bell?” Jaclyn shifted her posture, preventing anyone from overhearing. Talkative teens passed her, none paying attention. Jaclyn kept her HUD trained on them, just in case they turned their heads toward her.
“Chillings owns Arctic Breeze.”
A tremor rocked Jaclyn’s spine. She nibbled her lips as she rocked from side to side.
“They’re a bottled water company,” she breathed. “A fairly new one, if my memory serves me correctly.”
“Right in one, Snapshot. Your mission parameters have changed: You’re to look into Mr. Chillings’ company. I’ve managed to get you invited to a charity gala he is holding tonight at Union Station in Worcester. He supports many environmental charities, and this one is in response to polluting the city a few years back. Look over the information and learn all you can, then get close to him tonight.” 
“I understand. Why are we looking into him?”
“We’re looking into all beverage companies right now, actually; he’s the only one located in Massachusetts. Since you’re there, this one’s yours. We have agents checking the others out. We’re covering all of our bases.
“Most importantly in all this: Do not tell your partner about the information you’ve received.”
Jaclyn listened as Dupuis issued her instructions. She didn’t understand why she couldn’t tell Hanson. She didn’t argue, though.
“I understand, Chief. I’ll do it.”
“I have no doubt of that. Good luck, Snapshot. Call in before you leave for Worcester.”
“You got it.”
Dupuis hung up without a good bye. Jaclyn disconnected the call and held the BlackBerry to her lips. Her partner forgotten for the moment, Jaclyn walked away from the restaurant. She headed north toward Faneuil Hall.
She added the facts up in her head as she tried to avoid twisting her ankle on the uneven cobblestones. She had 46 dead bodies in City Hall Plaza — she hoped the mobile forensics team had arrived by now, and her stomach rumbled in protest at the thought of the dead — a few cases of confiscated water in the labs and the name of a person of interest. She had a BlackBerry full of information on this new player in the game. She turned to the left and tried not to interrupt the magician’s show taking place at the head of the market.
She headed to the South Market and made the loop, eager to get to her hotel room and peruse the information Dupuis had just sent.
Jaclyn found Hanson waiting outside Durgin-Park when she walked back to the restaurant.
“I had them put the rest in a doggie bag for you,” Hanson said before he caught the look in her face. “Are you okay?”
Jaclyn deflected it.
“Yeah, I’m fine. I just think I’m a little tired right now.”
“I’ll get you to the hotel. Come on.”
They walked back to Government Center and drove over to the Long Wharf.

***

Marriott Long Wharf, Boston, Mass.
Sunday, July 18, 2011 — 11:25 a.m.

At a slow pace, Hanson’s sedan cruised over the red-bricked causeway that separated the Marriott from the New England Aquarium. Tourists walked out of the slant-to glass-and-steel Aquarium subway station, greeting the sun as they poured off the escalators. Near the rear of the hotel proper and to the left of the subway, a yellow Trolley Tours kiosk stood open, waiting for the next group of customers. Some of the people crossed Atlantic Avenue and headed for Quincy Market, walking in bright sunshine through the Boston Harbor Island Greenway. Tourists had been able to do that for several years, ever since the sun-blocking Central Artery, once a green steel behemoth in Boston’s landscape that carried cars from north to south, had shifted below the surface during the Big Dig. Other tourists walked around the small inlet to the Aquarium or to the nearby IMAX Theater. 
Jaclyn, however, only had eyes for the gargantuan brick hulk of the Marriott. It seemed the walkway had belched it from the earth. Off to the side, the crystal blue of Boston Harbor met her HUD, as if drawing her to it. She pulled her eyes away.
Hanson turned the car into the Marriott’s drive. Several red-capped attendants waited for the next car; Jaclyn noticed the red cap was the only thing official about their uniforms on this hot day, as several wore jean shorts, exposing dark skin from the knee down, as well as loose fitting t-shirts covered with the logo of the Boston Red Sox. One came over and opened the door for Jaclyn.
“I’m going to take a walk down the wharf,” she said to Hanson as she unbuckled her seat belt.
“Alright, I’ll get you checked in. Here’s my cell number; call me if anything comes up.” Hanson put the car in park and followed the attendant inside, while Jaclyn hopped out and headed toward the Harbor.
The innocent scent of salt water reached her nose. It drew a smile across her face as she walked along the causeway, recalling her youth along the shores of Puget Sound. A trickle of sweat dribbled down her spine; the mercury had just cracked 95. She felt the dryness in her mouth. She worked up a bit of saliva and swallowed.
She looked at the end of the hotel proper and found a landscaped embankment protected on both sides by huge blocks of granite running along the sides. The landscapers spread wood chips across the width, with tall shrubs and young leafy trees spaced equally on the incline. Jaclyn then looked up and saw the Marriott’s eastern side rise up. 
She gasped.
The angles of that edge were sharp at some points and rounded on others, so much so that it made the Marriott resemble a large cruise ship, complete with captain’s bridge at the prow. The imagery made Jaclyn’s heart soar; as she looked back toward Atlantic Avenue, the hotel’s girth and height made her have no trouble believing that she looked at a red-bricked Mauretania. She pictured the hotel breaking away from its mooring, turning its screws and churning the water along the Harborwalk into marshmallow foam. She looked back out toward the east and saw that if it had broken away, it would have needed expert handling at the wheel in order to avoid a massive collision with the Chart House restaurant as well as the gray stone Custom House Block that stretched some 300 feet down the wharf.
That image made her think more of the start to Titanic’s maiden voyage from Southampton. 
She gulped.
Jaclyn shook the image free and returned to the hotel. Hanson’s car had already departed. She headed inside.
The soft flow of cool air enveloped her as she strolled through the atrium to the long escalator that carried her on its wings to the second level. As she reached the top, she found a wide window overlooking Christopher Columbus Park. A small gray bandstand sat on the border of the lawn with the pavement, with three steps leading up to the top of the stone dais from the blacktop. A wooden trellis, made up of what appeared to be the beams of an old sailing ship, stood in the back. Vines roped around the top. 
She turned to her right and walked across the red and white checkerboard floor; off to the left side, she saw a perfectly detailed model of the U.S.S. Constitution under glass. She detected flecks of stone intermingling with the floor design as she walked toward the check-in desk, set back from the tan-walled overhang that stretched upward. Red railings topped the balconies that hung overhead.
A sharp “Can I help you?” from the young woman wearing the dark blazer behind the desk brought Jaclyn back from her sightseeing tour.
“Hi, a gentleman just checked me in a few minutes ago while I took a little walk down the wharf.”
The woman’s smile seemed genuine as she tapped the keys of her computer, looking for the reservation.
“Yes, we told him that we usually don’t start checking people in until 3, but seeing as though you are with the State Department —”
That’s Justice Department, Jaclyn thought with a smile.
“— we were able to check you in early. And we gave you a room with a view, too. I understand you have only a few bags.”
“I will have another brought to the hotel within the next few hours, though. It’s still in Washington.”
“I’ll make sure it’s brought up to your room when it arrives Miss…” the clerk looked at the screen for Jaclyn’s name.
“Johnson.”
“Miss Johnson. You’ll be in room 507. The elevator is over there,” the clerk said, pointing toward an alcove directly opposite the desk. She handed Jaclyn the card key and wished her a pleasant stay. “Level 5.”
“Thanks.”
Jaclyn rode the elevator three floors to the fifth. She saw the sign that indicated her room was off to the left and made for it. She looked down and saw a gorgeous rug of cranberry and gold, with alternating designs on each; a pair of blue four-pointed stars sat at both ends of one carpet, with curling waves washing away from the bends in the middle. She walked the length of the hallway until she approached her room. She slid the key card in and opened the door.
A narrow corridor welcomed her to the small but luxurious room. Once she passed a desk on the right wall, the room opened up and revealed a king-sized bed over on the left-hand side. She unclipped her gun from her holster and her BlackBerry from its position on her thin belt, tossing both onto its softness. Through her HUD she saw tan-colored wallpaper, much like the paint that covered the walls downstairs, covering these walls save a splash of red that spread over the headboard. A blood red chair sat in the corner, while a black lamp stood ready to brighten the room, its oval-shaped shade ready to bend the soft light this way and that, much in the same manner her HUD did for her every day. A white lace checkerboard curtain covered the picture window at the other end of the room, its bottom barely tickling the brown and red carpet.
Jaclyn peeked out and not only saw a small balcony outside her window, but also the Aquarium on her right while the harbor and East Boston stretched to her left.
Her chirping BlackBerry reminded her of the information Dupuis had sent, interrupting her view of the panorama.
Jaclyn grimaced, but she remembered her duty. She let the curtain sail back to its regular position as she walked the few feet back to the bed. She sat on the cranberry comforter and pressed the small square in the middle, then scrolled over to her text messages. She opened the file marked URGENT: Chillings profile, then kicked her shoes off and leaned back, crossing her ankles.
She beat back the sudden desire to fall asleep.
After she read Chillings’ bio and his rise to prominence in business, she managed to catch a few winks, her BlackBerry resting upon her chest.

***

Jaclyn roused herself from her nap a little after 3:30 p.m., checking the chronometer in her HUD to make sure she still had time to get ready for Chillings’ benefit.
There was only one little problem: She had brought absolutely nothing to wear.
She dialed Hanson’s number and waited for him to pick up.
“Hanson.”
“It’s Johnson.”
“What’s going on? Nothing new on my end, nor with the lab; they hope to get to it tonight.”
“Good, but that’s not what I’m calling about. Where’s the best place to do some shopping for a little black dress?”
“An LBD? You have a date tonight already? Wow. I leave you alone for three hours and you’re already —”
Jaclyn blushed.
“No, no, no. It’s work.”
Silence shimmied through the phone.
“What kind of work could you do in a little black —?”
“I’ve been invited to a gala event in Worcester tonight,” Jaclyn lied, “and I need something to wear. I only brought work stuff. This wasn’t exactly on the itinerary. You’re from here, help me out.”
Hanson sighed a bit.
“Well there’s Newbury Street, I’m sure you can find something tiny and black to wear at one of those boutiques. Maybe Downtown Crossing, that’s not that far from you right now, just a couple of jumps on the T. Or maybe the Copley Place shops.”
“I’ll try Copley Place. How do I get there?”
“You’ll have to make a few transfers because of what happened yesterday, but here you go. You have a pen handy?’
Hanson explained to Jaclyn how to get to Copley Square without hitting Government Center. He told her to take the Blue Line at Aquarium and travel one stop west to State Street, then transfer to the Orange Line toward Downtown Crossing — “You may be better off just going there,” he said, but Jaclyn rebuffed him – then switch there for the Red Line and head to Park Street. “Then get off there —”
“You know what,” Jaclyn said, exasperated, “I’ll stick with Downtown Crossing; it seems a little too difficult for me to remember all these transfers. How many subway lines are in Boston? Eight? Nine?”
“Technically? Eleven, if you include all the branches of the Red and Green Lines. The Blue and Orange have just the one line apiece.”
“That’s a relief,” Jaclyn said sarcastically. “Put on your best tux; I’m going to need a bodyguard tonight.”
“Might as well,” Hanson said. “Ciara’s working late, and the kids are with her mother tonight. It’s either I accompany you to that, or watch the Red Sox wallop the Mariners in the Sunday night game.”
“I resent that.”
“Which part?”
“The Mariners part; I’m originally from Seattle.”
“You have my condolences.”
This time, Jaclyn sighed.
“The gala starts at 8, so be ready to go by 7.”
“Yes, Your Majesty. See you then.”
Jaclyn hung up, put her shoes and gun back on and headed out into the inferno of Boston’s midsummer, ready to find a dress that only a model’s body could pull off.

Chapter 8
Union Station, Worcester, Mass.
Sunday, July 18, 2011 — 8:25 p.m.

Limousines snaked around the Washington Square roundabout leading up to Union Station’s front doors, a venomous conga line full of the country club elite. Traffic backed up in both directions on Interstate 290 as well-paid drivers fought their way to Exit 16. They clogged Martin Luther King Junior Boulevard, and the left-hand turning onto Summer Street was red with taillights. Beyond them, the flags of the Republic and the Commonwealth stood on the twin limestone towers half a mile away. Worcester Police tried to keep the traffic moving as rapidly as possible, even setting up detours near the DCU Center and re-routing cars to the Route 9 interchange. 
The schmoozing began as soon as the first jeweled hand and the first fat wallet stepped through the second set of ornate, black doors into the Grand Hall. Servers clad in white jackets and gloves took great care not to spill champagne on the red and tan linoleum flooring. High above, the three chandelier-like light fixtures, complete with their central glasswork and the eight satellite lamps, blazed heavenly light down upon Grant Chillings’ guests. The light enhanced the Hall’s immaculate detail, from the stained glass patterns that dominated the ceiling’s central band to the marble pillars outlining the doorways leading to the bus and train platforms in the rear of the station. The mahogany wood, spaced out as such not to overwhelm the eye, cast an imposing glare upon the festivities below. The black steel framing the windows on the upper concourse sought out the shadows.
When Jaclyn entered the room with Hanson in tow, the party was in full swing. A string trio in the corner played melodies from a century before, the acoustics of the room enriching the sound and carrying it to ears on the opposite side of the room.
Jaclyn wore a tight-fitting black dress that had been cut low, revealing the inside curve of her breasts. Her black stiletto heels increased her height and, if anyone cared to look, accentuated her supple calf muscles, molded from the middle school track team back in Seattle and the rigors of CIA training in Virginia. She carried a black MZ Wallace purse, a smaller one instead of the one she had in Miami. Instead of the dark Foster Grants, she wore stylish spectacles that showed blue pigment from her specially designed contact lenses. The glasses, when a person looked at her, looked normal.
On the inside, as Jaclyn looked through them, technical data streamed across the lenses, including a room temperature gauge as well as a roving sensor — which her HUD also came equipped with — to seek out threats. It gave her a distinct advantage in any situation.
She had explained to Hanson that she didn’t expect anything to happen to her in Chillings’ presence, but she wanted to be careful and have a little backup — she carried a Walther P99 inside her purse — all the same.
“I read in your file that you can take care of yourself in a pinch,” Hanson said, “and have quite a bag of tricks at your disposal.”
Jaclyn bit the inside of her cheek.
“The bag of tricks, as you called it Agent Hanson, is not here yet, so I’m trying to make do.”
“I’m Mark tonight, Miss Johnson, especially if I’m going to be your bodyguard. I’m sure the whole Agent Hanson thing will give everything away.”
Jaclyn took a deep breath and texted Dupuis at that moment, letting her know that they would be in sight of their target in minutes.
That had been just as the limo exited the Massachusetts Turnpike in Auburn. Jaclyn’s heart pounded as the twin towers of Union Station came into view.
She took a deep breath again as she stood in the Grand Hall, 20 minutes later. Several of the women looked at her, their eyes narrowed, while others whispered to their friends behind their hands. Several of the men needed their jaws wired shut as she passed.
Jaclyn didn’t notice, though. She sought Chillings out, but in the sea of tuxedos, she had difficulty finding him. A platter of canapés passed her by without stopping.
“May I offer you some champagne, madam?”
Jaclyn nodded with a light smile, and Reginald Wright handed her a tall flute of bubbly.
“If there’s anything else you require, madam, please let me know.”
“Actually, you can help me,” Jaclyn replied as she halted him with a touch on his forearm. “I’m looking for Grant Chillings; I’m a model looking for work, and I thought that Arctic Breeze could use a pretty face.” She dug into her purse — she touched her Walther under a felt cloth — and pulled out a business card. “My name is Jaclyn Johnson.”
Jaclyn looked on with Hanson behind her as Reginald took the card. The butler stared at it for several moments, as if trying to detect a forgery. 
“Follow me, madam.” Reginald turned and led Jaclyn and Hanson through the crowd, turning this way and that. Another servant relieved Reginald of his champagne. Jaclyn barely sipped hers.
A few moments later, Jaclyn caught sight of Chillings, deep in conversation with a man who looked strangely familiar to her. 
Get your mind on the mission, Jaclyn, she thought.

***

“Mr. Chillings,” Reginald said, interrupting Chillings’ conversation. “There is a model here that wishes to speak with you.” He handed Jaclyn’s card to his employer. Jaclyn stayed a few feet behind the butler.
Chillings smirked and turned to his old friend from high school, Jeff Harper.
“A model. How elegant,” he said. “I seem to draw them to me these days. It must be my charm — or my money.”
“Or a little bit of both. I’ll let you get back to entertaining.”
“Don’t leave the party entirely, Jeff,” Chillings said, stopping Harper from walking away. “I still have a little something for your campaign to give you privately.”
Harper’s mouth turned into a line. He nodded, then walked away, rejoining the party.
“So,” Chillings said, looking at the card. “Miss Johnson. You definitely have modeling potential.” He shook hands with her. “What brings you to my charity gala this evening?”
Jaclyn smiled and slid her arm into his. They walked through the crowd. Hanson kept back a few feet, maintaining his cover.
“I am very interested in water, Mr. Chillings. Why, our bodies are two-thirds water. It is said that milk does a body good; I think water did my body good, don’t you?”
Chillings laughed and patted her hand.
“You would be an excellent spokesmodel for my company.”
“I know I would; I had to turn down an offer from Nantucket Harbor this morning. What happened yesterday is an absolute tragedy. If they poisoned those people, I couldn’t represent them in their ads; my conscience wouldn’t allow it. So when I heard about your gala earlier today, my agency contacted your people and got me on the guest list. I just had to meet the man who is revolutionizing a product I love so much.”
Chillings smiled softly.
“Of course you did, my dear. And I am.” They continued walking while a waltz shimmered from the trio. “I’m glad you mentioned Nantucket Harbor. I’m addressing that issue in my speech tonight. I feel bad for the people who died, and I thought about holding a reception in their honor. The only problem with that is I’d have to squeeze it in with all of the other charities I patronize.” He caught Jaclyn’s frown. “But I could always make arrangements for you, my dear. How about I have my assistant, Mr. Wright, give your agency a call and set up an appointment so we can arrange a contract and a shooting?”
Chillings kissed her cheek and left her in the middle of the Grand Hall. He walked several paces away, where Wright intercepted him.
“Have her checked out, David,” Chillings said, his voice a little colder than it was with the model. He handed him her business card. “Check out her modeling history from A to Z, and leave no stone unturned. Do you understand?”
“Of course, sir. The night’s events are going as planned.”
“Everything else has been taken care of?”
Wright nodded.
“Good. Let’s get ready for the show, shall we?”
Chillings made his way to the stage, while Wright walked away, sliding the model’s card into his pocket as he headed to the opposite side of the room. Wright dimmed the lights to near darkness as a recording began playing over the stage’s sound system:
“In the year 2002, Worcester native Grant Chillings invented a polymer plastic with the intent to keep beverages cooler for a longer period of time. Immediately after graduating from WPI and armed with his newfound knowledge, Chillings set loose a new wave of bottled water that raised the bar. Now, in 2011, our hero is ready to take over the bottled water world. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the CEO and president of Arctic Breeze, Inc., the man who is a dear friend to environmental causes across the country and is driven to bring the best water to his customers, Mr. Grant Chillings.”
A hot white lightning bolt sprang toward the stage as Chillings stepped into view. Applause filled the Grand Hall as he walked toward the center. The stage was pedestal-small, but Chillings took his time in milking the applause before he began:
“Thank you, thank you my friends. Tonight starts a new era in Arctic Breeze, Inc., as well as the bottled water community. It is my sad duty to inform you all that the Arctic Breeze Board of Directors resigned en masse today, in response to the direction this company will take from this day forward.”
Murmurs of disbelief erupted from the crowd. 
“The board wanted to keep things running the way we always have: Being a company serving the upper class. That must end, especially after the incident in Boston yesterday. I explained that Arctic Breeze must expand its horizons. We must step into the breach and look to the masses. It is my newfound vision in the wake of disaster. They disagreed. That is why effective today, I am now the single majority stock holder of this great company, and I will lead us to new fortunes — by myself, if I have to.”
Hands came together in a rippling, calculated clamor, lifting the sound to the glass above.
Chillings soaked in the adoration, smiling as if he were the only person capable of doing what he accomplished. 
He continued.
“What happened yesterday came as a great shock to not only me, but to the public at large. It is a tragedy. That is why Arctic Breeze continues to be committed to bringing the public a quality product, a product that not only refreshes the drinker, but stays cold much longer than any other product on the market today.”
More applause rang out.
“I have more for you to sink your teeth into tonight.” Chillings paused and waited until the applause died out; he wanted as much quiet as he could before he continued. “As you all know, the early years of my business caused a great deal of pollution to our wonderful city, to the detriment of our environment. I had blinders on at that time in my life; I was unaware of what my company poured into the air. It wasn’t until I had my eyes opened by such great organizations like the Environmental Working Group that I saw the error in my company’s ways. We began refining our production methods, and in turn, we cut out a great deal of our pollution for the good of Worcester. This is where I live. I love this city, and I love its inhabitants. The destruction of our ecosystem must stop.
“That is why I gathered you all here tonight; it wasn’t so we could get dressed up in lavish clothes and break out our best jewelry and show off our wealth to the TV cameras.” The walls trembled under the gale of mirth. “I challenge each and every one of you to dig deep tonight. We are here to raise funds for the Environmental Defense Fund, and I’m donating to this fantastic organization. In fact, I will match your donations. I will open my own vault to make sure that pollution across the world is eradicated, and I will make sure the world has clean bottled water to drink.”
If the applause earlier shook Union Station’s walls, the cheers and the sounds of unzipping purses and checkbooks flown open rocked the depot’s century-old foundations.

***

Jaclyn’s skin crawled, and it wasn’t just from the peck Chillings gave her.
It was something about the speech that turned her stomach in knots.
The opening montage sounded familiar — Jaclyn knew she had heard the voiceover somewhere before, maybe on a DVD from a 1980s television show — but as she listened to Chillings babble on about his company, she remembered her training over the past 10 years: Dupuis always told her to read between the lines, even if they were spoken lines.
At various points in the speech, Jaclyn rolled her eyes and gnawed at the inside of her cheek. Yet when Chillings announced he had become the sole stockholder of Arctic Breeze, she and Hanson shared a look that plainly said something was not right in Worcester. Her eyebrows rose just a smidge.
Jaclyn and Hanson stepped outside the station proper, and Jaclyn stared off to the left, looking toward the purple neon sign of St. Vincent’s Hospital, and the green digital sign of the DCU Center off in the distance. The old Providence & Worcester Railroad bridge dominated the foreground, passing over Shrewsbury Street. They waited for their limo to return.
Jaclyn wanted to get as far away from the heart of the Commonwealth as she could – for now.
She knew she would return soon.
Something is out of place about Chillings, she thought, and his company. I don’t know what it is.
Yet, she promised herself.

Chapter 9
Union Station, Worcester, Mass.
Sunday, July 18, 2011 — 10:08 p.m.

Chillings slid away from the party a little after 10 p.m. He had worn a fake smile for so long he felt his facial muscles hurting from the strain. He rubbed his cheeks as he walked up the marble steps. His footsteps bounced around the stairwell, the soles of his black dress shoes scraping against the stone. Wright followed several steps below.
“Have you looked into our pretty blonde friend’s background yet, David?”
“A little bit, sir. She’s a registered model to an agency out of Washington, D.C. So far, that’s all I’ve been able to figure out.” 
“There’s more to her, I’m sure. I don’t believe in coincidences. That she just happened to walk in on my party and bring up Nantucket Harbor is not a coincidence. She’s up to something. I can smell it.”
The pair came to the landing and walked toward Chillings’ suite. The door stood ajar, but Chillings walked in without a second thought. He found Harper looking out the window toward Washington Square. The state representative turned as soon as Chillings walked in.
“Jeff, you know Mr. Wright, I presume,” Chillings said before addressing his assistant. “He’s one of my greatest friends and benefactors, and I, likewise, to his political aspirations. When you find out a lot more about her, I want to know. Leave us alone for a while; I’ll have more work for you in a bit.”
Wright nodded and departed. Chillings walked over and closed the door.
“What did you want to talk about, Grant?”
“This.” Chillings reached into his pocket and pulled out several large checks. “I only have a few large contributions from my dummy corporations for your campaign.” 
Harper looked at them. His eyes bulged.
“They are way too much. I can’t take more than $5,000 in a single donation from a PAC. You know this. Are you really trying to fuck with my bid?”
“I’m trying to get you elected, asshole. Hard money works. I’m not considered a PAC.”
“In that case, it’s $2,400. You’re over by quite a bit on each.”
Chillings waved his friend’s complaint off.
“Will you quit your crying, Jeff? You’re acting as if we haven’t broken campaign finance law before. We tried this when you ran for state rep and we didn’t get caught then.”
“We’re lucky we didn’t get caught. The bloodhounds were on our asses, though.”
“Hence the dummy corporations we used. I’m looking out for you. Your best interests are my best interests.”
“You mean that anything that harms your business, I block in Congress.”
“Hence the amount of money I give you every two years, and should you win the Senate seat next year, every six.”
Chillings watched Harper’s face squirm as he paced the small office.
“You’re using me. Friends don’t use each other.”
“We’re using each other,” Chillings corrected. “Don’t forget that. I’m providing you with the money to win elections, and you’re providing a service once you’re in office. So stop the bitching and moaning. It’s completely unbecoming.”
“And if the feds find out about all of the bull shit you’re involved in behind the scenes? What do you expect me to do? Try to get you out of the mess?”
“No, I expect you to cover your own ass.” Chillings walked to his refrigerator and pulled out two bottles of his finest product, handing one to his friend. “That’s what a politician would do, and I’m sure you won’t believe this, but I would not hold it against you if you did just that. That’s what a politician would do to save his office.”
Harper cracked the seal and drank deeply. 
“What happened with the board meeting this morning? I’m sure their stocks were not given to you freely.”
Chillings sat down and grinned as he pulled the bottle away from his mouth.
“Let’s say they won’t get the chance to rat me out.”
“About yesterday’s events?”
Chillings nodded.
“I take it my father’s parents were among the dissenters.”
“Correct, once again.”
Harper smirked.
“I gather they are no longer among the living.”
“You should have played baseball, Jeff. You’re three for three.”
Harper took a deep drink this time.
“I trust they went painfully.”
“I watched every bit of it, and I would say that of the 10, their deaths were quickest.” Chillings watched him appraisingly. “You aren’t thinking about getting even with me, I hope.”
Harper sniffed his amusement.
“Not at all. They served their purpose well, on several fronts. They gave me a place to stay after I left home, and they helped get your business off the ground. Now that we’re able to sustain our places in the world, we can move on without them.”
“I can tell you where they are, if you wanted to see their bodies.”
“No, that’s all right: My deep sea license expired years ago.”
Harper brought the empty bottle to the trash and grabbed his jacket. Chillings leaned back, drinking deeply.
“I must be off. I have a scandal to plant tomorrow, and I have to review my information to make sure I don’t forget anything.”
“You are forgetting one thing, actually.”
Harper stopped and turned. Chillings reached over, grabbed the three checks and waved them.
Harper sighed. He walked back over and snatched them out of Chillings’ hand.
“I knew you’d see things my way.”
“Fuck you, Grant.”
Chillings smiled as Harper opened the door and walked out, leaving his old friend alone.

***

Their friendship began just a few weeks before the first semester of their senior year ended.
Many of Chillings’ classmates at Holy Name had spurred his attempts of friendship; since he was not an athlete, he did not have the confidence he gained as he grew older and acquired wealth. He was an introvert, his classmates teasing him whenever he answered a question wrong — which was rare — and teasing him whenever he answered a question right. For three-plus years, his life high on Vernon Hill was hell. He contemplated suicide a few times, but he had a feeling that he would fail at it, which would lead his peers to heap more ridicule on him the next day.
When Harper transferred into the school just before Christmas 1998, he did not fit in with the already-established cliques. His first week, which coincided with the holiday, had been a disaster. Unfortunately for Harper, Chillings had been out of school with the flu that week, and they did not meet until classes resumed in the New Year. Despite Chillings receiving a great deal of make-up work to complete when he returned, he met Harper at the lunch table that first day; he usually ate alone, and Harper did during that first week. The pair got along well enough that they became inseparable. For the first time in Chillings’ life, he had a friend who wasn’t imaginary or stuffed.
Those five-plus months flew by. At the end of the summer, the pair went off to different colleges, albeit both were in Worcester — Chillings to WPI, Harper to Clark University; the schools separated by only six traffic lights — and they were able to see each other whenever their studies did not interfere. 
Chillings’ Major Qualifying Project, though, showed Harper that his friend was indeed a genius.
“I’ve come up with a way,” Chillings said while they strolled up the stairs from the Greendale Mall food court, french fries in hand, “to keep drinks colder and longer inside a plastic bottle, even when left in a hot car all day.”
“No way, man; that’s impossible,” Harper replied, even though a window display at Frederick’s of Hollywood had gained his attention. He snacked on his own fries and sipped a Sprite. “How are you going to do that?”
“It’s fairly simple.” Chillings went on and described the process, which involved corralling molecules and various chemicals into a polymer plastic, as they walked through the WaldenBooks, CVS and the Old Navy stores on the main level. 
By the time he finished, Harper looked stunned. He had gone cross-eyed at one point while looking for jeans, but Chillings impressed him with his knowledge of science.
“Imagine if you could parlay all that scientific knowledge into a business venture. I think you could be friggin’ rich if you did that,” Harper said.
That trip through the mall planted the seed in Chillings’ mind. Soon after, he gained notoriety for winning the federal grant and attracted the interest of the major soft drink bottlers, but Chillings set out on his own. He told Harper about his plans to go into business for himself, and Harper, excited at the prospect of being in on the ground floor of a marketing revolution, convinced his grandparents — former Representative Harper’s parents — to invest in his best friend’s company. All they asked for in exchange were seats on the new company’s Board of Directors. Chillings readily accepted their offer without further question.
Fresh out of college and under the tutelage of his father’s successor, William Starr, Harper began his political career. He enrolled as a Republican and, using the address his famous father used during his runs for Congress, began campaigning for a spot on the Worcester City Council. He won Ward 5 in a landslide, becoming one of the youngest city councilors in Worcester’s history. Chillings held an Election Night reception for him at a local hotel.
After two terms that saw Harper fight for business in the city, Harper announced he would run for state representative of the 16th Worcester District. Chillings’ new business had been a success with the white-collar crowd over the past four years, allowing him to slip Harper needed cash to run his campaign, including ads for local radio and television denouncing his Democratic rivals. Chillings made sure Harper had as much money as he needed during his campaign, even using a secondary corporation in another part of Worcester to help funnel funds.
When Chillings offered the money, Harper grew uneasy.
“You do know there are campaign finance laws I have to follow; I have to file paperwork with the Secretary of State and —”
“You worry too much, Jeff. If there are any problems, I’ll bail you out.”
Chillings’ assurances didn’t help, though. Harper remained skittish about it all, but let his best friend handle everything away from the cameras. In return, Harper kept city watchdogs off Chillings’ back until the environmental lawsuits came forward; Harper couldn’t stop those, and Chillings had no choice but to follow the law. 
Harper won the 16th in 2006, once again in a landslide, and kept his seat for the two elections that followed with the help of his friend’s money. Over the years, Harper’s reputation grew to the point where he didn’t need Chillings’ money to win an election, but he accepted it anyway; his friend wanted to help, so Harper let him help. During his time on Beacon Hill, he kept his eyes on certain budgetary accounts, making sure there were no discrepancies. He still had another year to serve the people of Worcester, but he felt it was time to move on to bigger and better things: Capitol Hill was his goal now. With his father’s successor in attendance that day, he announced his candidacy for U.S. Senate, and he made the announcement knowing he had two Democrats clearly in his sights.
The money Chillings gave him at the party would allow him to do more than just attack his opponent and the leader of his party. He would bury them with that amount of cash. He put up a slight front in accepting the money — he knew Chillings would cough it up as soon as the announcement was made; Harper had to keep up appearances and make it look like he didn’t like accepting it — but accepted it nonetheless. He had grown confident, but didn’t want Chillings to know that. The more he had the executive in his back pocket, the better off he would be.
When a smiling Harper left Union Station after the fundraiser that night, he immediately sank the checks into a Jamaican offshore account in his late father’s name. 
No one, he hoped, would be the wiser.

***

Union Station, Worcester, Mass.
Sunday, July 18, 2011 — 11 p.m.

“Do you have any news yet?”
Chillings sat in his office as Wright returned. The guests had left half an hour ago, and Wright made sure the cleanup of the Grand Hall went off without a hitch; passengers would arrive for morning trains in approximately four hours.
“Nothing more than I gave you earlier, sir. I will check into it more after the limo brings you home. So far, she looks legit.”
Chillings nodded. 
“Very well. While you’re at it, check all of the hotels from here to Boston for her. She doesn’t look like she would stay at a seedy hotel, so you can eliminate those immediately.”
Wright blanched and gulped.
“Why do you want me to do that?”
In a split second, Wright found himself on his back halfway across the room. The corner of his lip bled. Wright could taste the coppery fluid as it seeped into his mouth.
“Take a guess!”
Wright kept his eyes on his boss, who looked deranged and ready to explode.
“I want her followed.”
“And what if I refuse to do what you want me to do?”
“Then I’ll make sure you and your family goes to the bottom of the Quinsigamond.”
Wright looked aghast. It didn’t take him long to figure out that Chillings looked serious. Wright didn’t doubt that Chillings would pull off his threat if he didn’t follow the man’s orders. Chillings wasn’t one to mince words.
“Alright,” he said, “I’ll do it.”
“I had no doubt of that. Make sure that the information on the model is on my desk in the morning.” Chillings rifled through a collection of donation checks on his desk. He found one with several zeros in it. He pocketed it without another word and walked out, leaving Wright on the floor. The sound of Chillings’ echoing footsteps on the marble died away a few moments later.
Wright, lost and confused, wept.

***

Marriott Long Wharf, Boston, Mass.
Sunday, July 18, 2011 — 11:47 p.m.

Jaclyn had the driver drop Hanson off in Chestnut Hill before bringing her back to Boston. Hanson said he would call her at 10 a.m. to go to the federal building.
“Hopefully Tulli will have something for us. Even if it’s preliminary, it could help us in the investigation. If he doesn’t, then there’s nothing more to go on right now,” Hanson said. He stared at Jaclyn with a piercing glare.
“Then I’ll hope that he has more than something preliminary.”
They said their good nights. The limo pulled away as soon as Hanson shut the door.
Jaclyn still hadn’t told Hanson about the information Dupuis sent her about Chillings. He had to have a clue, though, Jaclyn thought; Why would I have dragged him to Worcester to talk to Chillings if it wasn’t something to do with the investigation? He certainly doesn’t look thick in the head, and I’m sure he can add things up.
Jaclyn gasped as the limo returned to the Massachusetts Turnpike.
He has to have some idea, she continued. The way he looked at me in Worcester and when he got out of the limo… yes, he has to know. But Alex told me not to say anything to him, so I won’t.
Jaclyn felt her guts tighten.
Twenty minutes later, the limo pulled up to the Marriott Long Wharf.  Vehicular traffic on Atlantic Avenue was sparse, being Sunday night. Bars closed early. Traffic would return tomorrow morning. There were still attendants outside of the Long Wharf, waiting for their guests to return from various points in the city.
Jaclyn thanked the attendant as he opened the door, her long legs preceding the rest of her. She headed to her room without wondering if anyone called for her; if anyone had called, it would have been to her BlackBerry, not a clerk at the hotel desk. 
“Miss Johnson —” One of the clerks said, but Jaclyn hadn’t heard her. She jumped into the elevator as the clerk tried to gain her attention.
Less than a minute later, Jaclyn was in her room, shucking herself from the constricting confines of the LBD. The dress shimmied down her legs while cool air from the baseboard vents ran up her partially naked body; only a pair of black bikini underwear adorned her sultry frame. 
Her BlackBerry rang from the deep recesses of her purse.
“I can’t even get changed in peace without the government intruding,” she said as she reached over and unzipped her purse. She pulled her phone out and accepted the call all in one motion as she brought the phone to her ear.
“What’s going on, Alex? And before you ask, no, I’m not secure.”
“That is why we gave you that little box, Snapshot. Use it.”
Jaclyn blew a sigh through her lips.
“Give me a moment.”
“Half a one would be better.”
Jaclyn smirked as she found her larger MZ Wallace bag. She reached in and grabbed the distortion cube, depressing the button and putting Dupuis on her speakerphone while she continued changing. She pulled out a pair of shorts and a pink Mariners t-shirt, hastily dropping her panties and putting her nightclothes on. She rid herself of the contact lenses and slid her HUD on.
“All set, Alex. What’s up?” she asked as she leapt onto the bed.
“What did you learn in Worcester?”
“A whole lot, and a lot less.” She explained Chillings’ takeover of his own company, as well as his pledge over the situation in Boston. “I can’t make heads or tails of it right now. I need more information; Hanson hopes we get something in the morning.”
“What does Hanson know about this new wrinkle?”
“Personally, Alex? I think he knows more than he’s letting on.” She explained she didn’t say a word to him about the new information, but gave a detailed description of the look he gave her in both Worcester and Newton. “It’s like he could see right into my mind.”
“I doubt it, Jaclyn. I repeat: Do not say a word to him about it. He’s on a need to know right now. This is beyond his area of expertise, and beyond the scope of his part of the investigation. He does not have the same skills you have. It’ll be you who solves this, not him.”
Jaclyn paused and felt her heart hammering rapidly. She smiled as she felt her skin tingle with excitement. 
She put her right hand behind her head.
“I won’t say a word.”
“I had no doubt about that,” Dupuis said. “There was quite a bit of discussion about you in the White House today.”
“Oh?”
“Yeah, but some of it wasn’t good.”
Jaclyn’s heart fell.
“Crap.”
“Crap is right. Dick Bennett wanted you recalled when he found out we sent a green agent.”
Jaclyn bit a curse back. She wanted to unleash a heavy amount of vitriol toward the White House Chief of Staff, but knew that would not be in her best interests. 
Thankfully no one can eavesdrop on my conversation with Alex, she thought with a grin.
“He’s a steaming piece of shit. What does he have against the CIA?”
“I don’t think he has something against the CIA; I think he has a problem with the way we do business. That’s the feeling on The Hill right now, and Bennett wants to keep The Hill from clashing with 1600 over how we handle terror suspects. And since President Kendall has decided this is a terror strike —”
“That means we have to be extra careful, and Bennett thinks I’ll pull the trigger just a little too early.”
“That’s pretty much what Bennett fears, I think.”
Jaclyn sighed heavily.
“Don’t worry about Bennett, Jaclyn. He’s all bluff and bluster. Thankfully Kendall has him on a leash, and Kendall is on our side. That means she supports you, and you have the full backing of the White House in your mission. That doesn’t mean you can’t keep an eye off your back, though.”
Jaclyn’s left cheek twitched. 
“I won’t, Alex.”
“I want you to make sure Chillings is in front of you at all times. He may be a great threat to national security. You know what that means.”
Jaclyn nodded absent-mindedly.
“I know. I’ll keep him in check, if he’s the one who killed those people.”
“Good. Is that all you have to report, Snapshot?”
“Actually, I wondered when my essentials will get here from Washington. I only brought one gun with me to Boston, and I hoped it would be here by now.”
Someone knocked three times on her hotel room door. Jaclyn yelled, “I’ll be right there,” as she slid out of bed. She grabbed her Walther from her purse and walked to the door.
“It’ll be there in the morning. Are you expecting company this late?”
“Not at all, Chief. I’m not exactly sure who it is.” She peeked through the spy hole and found a dark-skinned porter standing there. “Someone from the hotel, it looks.” 
“Be careful,” Dupuis warned.
Jaclyn twisted the knob and opened the door a tad, keeping her weight distributed just in case the man outside wasn’t with the hotel.
“Can I help you?”
“Miss Johnson, this crate arrived for you this evening before the shift change. Is it okay if I bring it in for you? It’s rather heavy.” The man spoke with a Cape Verdean dialect.
Jaclyn breathed a sigh of relief.
“Of course you can,” she said, sticking the safety-secured barrel of her Walther into the rear of her shorts before she opened the door. 
“You’re slipping on your accuracy, Alex. The crate has arrived.” The porter wheeled it into her room.
“Make sure it has —”
“The special markings? They’re right on the top. It’s clear as daylight. The package has not been damaged or forced open.”
“Okay. You get yourself some rest, and call me when you find out anything at JFK.”
“You too.”
Not waiting for Dupuis to say good bye, Jaclyn hung up just as the porter unhitched the crate and dragged the dolly away. She closed the door and didn’t need to check on the crate’s contents. She knew everything she needed would be there — including the piece of equipment she couldn’t wait to slip in to during her investigation. 
She climbed into bed secure in that knowledge, but as she tried to close her eyes, her skin crawled as she thought of Chillings’ touch earlier in the evening.

Chapter 10
JFK Federal Building, Government Center, Boston, Mass.
Monday, July 19, 2011 — 9:55 a.m.

Jaclyn didn’t want to get out of bed when her BlackBerry wailed its default ring tone in her ears. She wanted to sleep a little more, even though she had slept more tonight than she had in the past week. 
She reached out and tried to grab her phone, missing it twice before she finally got her fingers around it, dragging it to her.
“Hello?” she groaned.
“It’s Hanson. Wake up; Tulli just called me. The results are in, and he said it does not look good. How long do you need to get ready?”
“What time is it, Mark?”
“Almost 10.”
Jaclyn’s eyes shot open.
“Wow. Umm, let me think. See you in 15 minutes?”
“You don’t want time to shower?”
“I can shower later; national security doesn’t stop for my cleanliness.”
“If you say so. At least put deodorant on, or something.”
“I’ve dealt with military showers before, I can deal with them today.”
“Alright, see you in a bit. You sure you can find your way over here?”
“Without even asking for directions, too. See you in a bit.”
Jaclyn hung up and got out of bed. Even without coffee, Jaclyn had a bit of a spring in her step as she changed out of her nightclothes and into more formal work attire. She had an idea why she turned from sluggish to peppy in less than a minute: She would finally know what exactly killed those people two days ago. As soon as she had dressed, she donned her HUD and armed herself, then left her hotel room.
A blast of steamy July air walloped her as soon as she stepped outside the Marriott. She didn’t let it affect her, and the bright sunshine did not affect her, either; she turned right and walked toward Atlantic Avenue, passing the box-like glass-and-steel handicapped entrance to the Aquarium subway stop. The elevator doors remained closed as she passed, and she took great care not to trip over the golden berm separating the Marriott’s driveway from the pedestrian walkway. 
While she told Hanson she wouldn’t ask for directions, it didn’t mean she wouldn’t need them, either.
“HUD, implement GPS. Find Government Center and plot a route for me.”
Two quick tones a few heartbeats later let her know her steps were in place. She came to the intersection with Atlantic Avenue and State Street and waited for the signal to cross the busy surface road. In front of her, a tall glass building reflected the sun’s glare off its east-facing windows, while just to the left, the Customs House tower stood, set back some 300 feet, behind a bar and business complex. She saw signs indicating the direction to the Massachusetts Turnpike via Interstate 93 hanging off a black-poled lamp in the middle of the intersection. Towers and parking garages held firm to her left, framing a fountain off in the distance.
The sound of water smacking concrete, even some 500 feet away, sounded so close to Jaclyn’s attenuated hearing. The splatters tapped out Morse code.
She started walking across a few seconds later, a timer counting down the time remaining before the lights changed back to green. She passed the Greenway on its left and crossed the street over to the Quincy Market side.
Several minutes later, she walked past Faneuil Hall on the right and came to Congress Street, standing in what had been Adams Square, before city planners did away with it when they re-aligned the area in the early 1960s. City Hall stood across the way. 
Jaclyn shuddered in its ghastly presence.
She crossed Congress Street — a cuckoo bird ticked the seconds down — before she walked toward the federal building. Others hurried up the steps to the left of City Hall toward the Government Center subway station. Jaclyn wondered if police tape still lined the plaza above.
Jaclyn felt the sweat build up as her heels hammered the sidewalk. She did not let herself get distracted as motorists passed and honked at her. She wished she had brought a bottle of water from the hotel to cool her down as she walked in the oppressive Boston heat. 
Jaclyn thanked God it wasn’t the first week of August, or else she would have been drenched the moment she stepped outside the Marriott.
As soon as she reached the entrance to City Hall Plaza, she tried averting her HUD so she would not gaze upon the scene of such horrific death. She walked a few more steps until she came to the driveway, where a uniformed attendant sat in a white booth overlooking the comings and goings of federal employees. She asked how she would get to the lab; the attendant told her to enter through the towers — at the head of the plaza.
Jaclyn’s heart fell. She thanked the attendant with a frown before she retraced her steps, walking up a flight of steps that rose against the federal building. The sounds of her footsteps reverberated off the bricks and tickled the inside of her ear canal. She sidestepped a few lonely pigeons toddling around the upper concourse.
Jaclyn couldn’t help looking out at City Hall Plaza from her vantage point. Instead of a sea of dead, the level was clear. One mobile M.E. truck still stood on Cambridge Street, the sun caroming off the black chassis. Several people wearing white hazmat suits held fire hoses as they sprayed the plaza down. A catch basin sat near the stairs leading toward the subway. Run off flowed into it like the remnants of an April downpour. 
She paused as they worked, watching them from the tree-lined upper concourse. She could hear the high-pressure water scour the bricks clean, wearing the grout away. 
She also wondered how hot it was inside the suits. If she was sweating from just wearing a jacket, they must have sweated out enough liquid to fill a Gatorade jug.
She shrugged and walked toward the entrance.
Jaclyn believed that stepping into the JFK Federal Building was almost like stepping into an igloo. Chilly air rushed forward as soon as she walked through the doors, trying to make a beeline for the Public Gardens half a mile away. And even though she wore a jacket, Jaclyn felt goose pimples rising inside her blouse. The windows had fogged up, a cloudy haze clutching the glass in a chokehold.
She found Hanson waiting for her near the elevators. Much like early yesterday, Hanson wore the government-issued suit, but today he wore a tie instead of showing off his meaty neck. He held two cups of Starbucks in his hands.
“Morning,” he said as Jaclyn approached, her heels clicking along the corridor floor. “I thought you could use this.” He held the coffee out to her.
“Actually, I could use a water. I’m a tad dehydrated from the walk.”
“You were only out there for what, 10 minutes?” Hanson shrugged and grimaced. “Whatever. There’s a bubbler down the hall.” He jerked his thumb that way. With his thick Boston accent, it sounded like “bub-bluh.”
Jaclyn started walking that way, but she paused and turned toward her partner.
“What in the hell is a bubbler?”
Hanson looked at her as if she had four heads. Then he remembered.
“Oh yeah, you’re not from here. A bubbler is a drinking fountain. You hit the button there, and the water bubbles out like a fountain does. I’ve been calling it a bubbler since Mrs. Ackerley called it that when I was in kindergarten.”
Jaclyn smirked and shook her head as she walked down the hallway to where the water fountain rested against a wall. It was a small version with dual drinking areas. She pressed the oblong switch in front, and now knew why New Englanders called it a bubbler. She leaned over, pulled her blonde hair out of the way and drank deeply for several seconds, taking in her fill. 
A single drop slipped away from her lips, and another tried to escape the pale pinkness of her bottom lip. Jaclyn slurped it back into her mouth as she started walking back to where Hanson stood.
“So where’s the lab?” Jaclyn asked.
“Upstairs. We’re desperately late; Tulli doesn’t like to miss his lunch hour.” Hanson rang for the elevator. The sound of motorized belts and wheels turning echoed down the shaft.
“Kinda OCD, I take it.”
“That’s not really the word for it. He’s a stickler for schedules and that sort of stuff. Hopefully we won’t take up too much of his lunch hour. He sure likes his roast beef.”
The elevator doors chimed and opened. Jaclyn shivered. It felt even colder inside the lift.
In less than a minute, the doors opened again as they arrived on the FBI’s lab floor. Jaclyn could look out the windows and get a higher view of City Hall Plaza, but she refrained.
“I noticed the bodies were gone.”
“Thank God that part of the investigation is over. I’ll never get the smell out of my nose. But the good thing is those M.E.’s work fast. They had two trailers parked out there on Cambridge Street, and each trailer did three bodies an hour. They had ‘em all cut and examined in like eight hours, from what I was told. They were finishing the job when my head hit the pillow. One of the trucks pulled out of here this morning; the second one is taking care of all the paperwork.”
“So why are they just spraying the bricks down now?” Jaclyn asked.
“It’s a secondary spray-down,” her partner explained. “They’re making sure they didn’t miss anything last night; after all, it was dark. It’s tough doing anything constructive in the dark. Like putting engine coolant into the overflow tank, let me tell you.”
Jaclyn tuned Hanson out as they walked toward the big set of double gray doors at the end of the hallway. 
The answers are coming, I hope, she thought as they walked.
Hanson managed to end his story without an acknowledgment from Jaclyn as they entered the lab; Hanson swiped his ID card to gain entry. A buzzer went off.
Jaclyn noticed black paint covered the windows to keep the sunlight out, but bright light filled the rest of the room. It was a soft light, Jaclyn could tell. She slid her HUD off her face for a second and tried to let her eyes grow accustomed to the light, but after a few seconds, she felt a sharp pain near her sinuses. Without a second thought, she replaced her HUD.
Thankfully, her HUD did not allow anyone in the room to see the tear streak down the cheek. She faked rubbing an itch when it crossed the bottom side of her Foster Grants.
“Ah, you’re here. Excellent. Let’s get on with it.”
Jaclyn turned her attention to the nasally sounding voice that approached from the left-hand side of the long counter filled with Petri dishes, beakers and droppers. A man had entered the room, and he walked toward the pair with a mixture of a frown and a smile on his face.
Jaclyn’s first impression of Ian Tulli, the chemist, was that he resembled Rick Moranis, especially when his white lab coat opened to reveal one of his shirt tails hanging out of his pants. She tried to fit him with an overlarge black helmet, but she figured Tulli would frown on her giggling on government property and throw her out on her ass. She cut the thought away and let it float on the air. His black glasses were thick in the frame, and his green eyes looked like they exploded through the lenses. They certainly overwhelmed his face, as his nose was rather small save the area surrounding the bridge. 
For a split second, Jaclyn wondered if the government did a little rhinoplasty on the chemist to support the billboards for blindness that rested on his face. 
Feeling her HUD on her own face, the condescending thought made her heart drop.
I have no right to talk about that, she thought. Her lips drooped.
“I’m glad you both made it; we’ve found out quite a bit in the past 36 hours,” Tulli said, leading the pair to the other side of the counter. “You may want to take those jackets off and put on a lab coat, and maybe a full-bodied apron. Just in case you touch anything, you know.”
“We’ll try not to,” Jaclyn replied. “What did you come up with?” She heard Hanson put his coffee down as he replaced his jacket.
“It’s something rather interesting, and of course, rather illegal, if my knowledge of the law is up to date.”
Jaclyn shared a look with her partner before returning their respective attentions to the chemist.
“We’ve performed multiple tests on the confiscated water as well as a bottle found near one of the corpses,” Tulli continued. “We detected a slight trace of residue on the inside of the empty bottle, as well as the same residue on the inside of the full bottle, after we dumped the water into a tester. We scraped as much residue as we could without getting any of the plastic, and then we looked at it under a microscope.
“We found Thallium Sulfate.”
Jaclyn scrunched her face up in confusion. Hanson, on the other hand, had his lukewarm coffee at his mouth when Tulli made his pronouncement.
The resulting spray covered Tulli’s lab coat, as well as his glasses. 
“You want to run that by us one more time, Ian?”
Tulli wiped his glasses clean on his shirttail, shooting daggers at the agent. He replaced them before he resumed his narrative.
“We found Thallium Sulfate, which I’m sure you know, Agent Hanson, was used primarily as a rat poison in the middle of the last century. The United States government banned its use here over 30 years ago. Thirty-six years, to be a little more precise.” Tulli reached for a Petri dish filled with a crystalline substance and held it up to Jaclyn’s nose. “Can you smell anything, Agent Johnson?”
Jaclyn sniffed twice, then shook her head.
“That thing you don’t smell is Thallium Sulfate. Colorless, odorless, soluble in water; it’s the perfect poison in any dose. If you can’t see it or smell it, you can’t detect it. You can certainly taste it, however. What those poor people were thinking the other day.” Tulli let the thought drop for a moment. “I can only think they were overcome with the beginnings of hyperthermia and they weren’t thinking. They had probably drunk all the water they brought with them, and some of them were probably there since 6 o’clock in the morning. They had run out and needed something quick; this plaza can bake in the summer, and there’s barely any protection from the elements. I can only surmise that they didn’t care what the water tasted like; they just wanted something to drink.”
“And wanting something to drink killed them,” Jaclyn said. “If this substance has been banned for so long, how did our killer get a hold of it, and in such quantities?”
“The Internet,” Hanson said. “Anyone can get anything they want on the Internet.”
“Precisely,” Tulli agreed. “The Internet is the new age black market, a criminal’s super store. For the right price, anyone can find and buy anything online. Someone can just use Google, find Thallium Sulfate, and buy it just as easily.”
Jaclyn immediately thought of Chillings and his great wealth, but she shunted the thought to the side.
“But it’s not like you can go to eBay and put a bid on Thallium Sulfate,” she surmised. “The feds would probably seize the shipment before it even got to the buyer’s door.”
“Right, which is why, if the shippers are smart, they would alter the shipping documents: it’s just as easy to write ‘aspirin’ on a manifest instead of telling the truth. And it’s not like the government can use a search dog to smell out the substance, because —”
“It has no smell, gotcha.” Jaclyn sniffed. “How much Thallium Sulfate did you find inside the bottles?”
“We found quite a bit; the consistency and the chemical make-up — the atoms and the structure — had Thallium Sulfate written all over it. The lethal dose of Thallium Sulfate in test animals is 50, which would be about half a gram of it. Think of it this way: Because Thallium Sulfate is soluble, and because we’ve not received anything concrete from the M.E.’s, we can only guess that the killers used anywhere from a gram to a gram and a half in each bottle to kill their victims.”
“Or they dumped a shitload into Nantucket Harbor’s tank,” Hanson said.
Tulli conceded the point.
“How much jail time can one expect for possessing Thallium Sulfate?”
Tulli pinched his lower lip twice as if deep in thought. 
“I’d have to say 20 years or thereabouts; I’m not a lawyer, of course. But as for your next question —”
“Are you a mind reader now?” Jaclyn interrupted.
“No, not at all,” Tulli said, chuckling the idea aside. “I just figured your next question has to do with how much prison time one would receive if they used it for the killings.”
Jaclyn nodded at the chemist’s astute observation.
“Well, yeah.”
“I would think the answer’s plain to see. They’d probably get life.”
The two agents thanked the chemist, removed the lab coats and retrieved their jackets. Tulli threw what was left of Hanson’s coffee in the trash.
“I need to go use the bathroom,” Hanson said. “I’ll be right back.”
Jaclyn waited for the heavy echoes of Hanson’s footfalls to disappear before she slid her hand into her left pocket and pressed the center button on her distortion cube. From her right, she drew her BlackBerry and immediately called Dupuis.
The line rang twice before the director answered.
“Good morning, Jaclyn. I take it you slept well.”
“Of course I did, Chief. You ever stay at the Marriott? Great beds.”
“I’m sitting here with President Kendall; let me put it on speaker so she can hear what you have to say, too.”
Jaclyn’s heart jiggled a bit; she was about to report directly to the president!
The sounds of air conditioning bouncing around the Oval Office met Jaclyn’s ears, and she tried her best to keep her mind away from the speakerphone distortion. She hoped the distortion waves would knock that out, but she found out differently.
“Alright Jaclyn, the president can hear you. What do you have for us?”
Jaclyn felt the nerves ring throughout her body, but she dampened the sound. She recalled everything Tulli told her and Hanson despite her breathing coming to her in tsunami-force waves.
“We’re dealing with a psychopath,” she said, explaining how the killer used the banned substance. She took a breath and regained her composure. “Tulli said this stuff kills lab rats at 50 percent of what it would take to kill a human. This guy is totally whacked in the head.”
“Thank you for that assessment, Jaclyn,” Kendall said. “And what can you tell the president of your dealings with Mr. Chillings last night? How did that go?”
Jaclyn shivered again.
“It went as well as could be imagined; the guy is a rich guy who said all the right things to separate his guests’ minds from their wallets, much like a guy trying to separate a woman from her panties. The charity he picked will be happy, that’s for sure.”
“And what about the situation in Boston two days ago; did he have something to do with it?”
Jaclyn looked to make sure Hanson had not yet emerged from the bathroom before she revealed anything to the two women on the other end. 
He didn’t show.
“Truthfully, I think he did, but when I questioned him —”
“How did you get close to him?” Kendall asked.
Jaclyn explained how she used her cover and how she told Chillings she wanted to be a spokesmodel for Arctic Breeze.
“Absolutely ingenious, Snapshot,” Dupuis said.
Jaclyn could practically hear Dupuis’ smile over the phone. She had to admit the idea was a good one. She smiled, too.
“What else?”
“Well, when I questioned him, he felt sad for the people who died. Would you show pity for the people you just killed if it were you?”
“To tell you the truth, Jaclyn,” Kendall said, “I have pity for the people our armed forces bombed last week, and I take pity on them because it wasn’t their fault they died. I take pity on them because they were under the control of a despot who cared not for their suffering, only his growing wealth, from the moment he took ‘office.’ I happen to care more about them; I ordered the missile strikes in an attempt to take the bastard out. What happened? The missiles went askew. They hit buildings where people lived. It’s the hardest thing I’ve ever had to do as president, but yes, I showed them more pity than their leader ever did.
“Chillings is like a president. He’s trying to make sure that his bottom line is full, while I’m trying to make sure the terrorists and the bastard despots who pop up every now and then stay below the bottom line. Two different reasons, but in the end, they are the same.
Jaclyn thought about the president’s words and felt them hit the mark deep within her chest. Her heart swelled with appreciation for this woman, and found a new respect for her at the same time. She already respected the office of the president, but Jaclyn now knew what exactly went through the mind of Sarah Kendall.
She looked out toward City Hall Plaza. The hazmat workers were gone. A wet stain marked the bricks where the dead had lain not a day previous.
Something else stirred in her gut just then. Her upper lip twitched.
If Chillings had something to do with all of this, Jaclyn thought, I have a duty to make him pay.
“I have the feeling he knows something about it, though,” Jaclyn said. She took a deep breath. “I want to find out what he’s hiding.
“What’s your pleasure, Madame President?”
Jaclyn held her breath for a mere heartbeat before Kendall said, “Find out exactly what he had to do with Saturday’s events. If he has something to do with it either bring him in to face charges, or bring him down,” Kendall said. “Will you need a warrant drawn up?”
“No, Madame President,” Dupuis said, “Jaclyn doesn’t need a warrant.”
“The man has rights.”
“So did the people in City Hall Plaza.”
Jaclyn could hear Kendall sigh as the two women debated the issue. She saw both sides: Kendall didn’t want the courts to overturn a guilty verdict or the terms of an arrest because the authorities failed to follow proper procedure, such as obtaining a search warrant. Dupuis wanted to stand up for the rights of those who died.
It made her sick to her stomach more so than when she lifted the shroud over the dead body a day ago.
“How about I just do what I do best?”
“Sneak in and kick ass?” Dupuis asked. “I thought you’d never ask.”
“Just be careful, Jaclyn. If you get caught —”
“Don’t worry about a thing, Madame President. I’ve got it all under control. I’ll take care of everything under the cover of darkness.”
“Jaclyn,” Dupuis said, “I have full confidence in you. You’ll receive everything that you’ve requested tonight. Meet the quartermaster at North End Park on Commercial Street at 1 a.m.”
“Got it, Chief.”
“Good luck, Snapshot.”
Dupuis severed the connection just as Hanson returned to Jaclyn’s side.
“What’s going on?”
“Not too much,” Jaclyn lied. “Well, we know how those people died. And we don’t know how Chillings is involved. There’s not much else to do right now.”
Hanson shrugged. The pair left the lab area, heading for Hanson’s office.

Chapter 11
Union Station, Worcester, Mass.
Monday, July 19, 2011 — 10:21 a.m.

David Wright’s footsteps echoed off the marble flooring as he walked to Chillings’ second floor office. In one hand, Wright carried a cup of steaming Dunkin’ Donuts coffee; in the other, a manila folder holding a thin file.
He backed his way into Chillings’ office, opening the door with his rear end.
The sound of Chillings’ voice blistered the air as Wright walked in.
“I don’t know what you’re insinuating sir,” Chillings said; Wright noticed the black handle of the desk phone attached to his boss’s left ear. “Excuse me?” Wright put the file in front of the millionaire and sipped his coffee as he backed away from Chillings and his violent temper.
He didn’t want to end up on the floor again, especially not when he held a cup of coffee.
“I will have you know that my company had nothing to do with what happened Saturday. Apparently you didn’t see the news last night or this morning.” He paused and listened. “When you watch that report, or hell, read it in the Telegram, then call me back and apologize.” Chillings slammed the phone down.
Wright gulped.
Chillings looked at him through his brow.
“Hi, David.”
“I take it someone accused you of —”
“Yes,” Chillings interrupted. “What do you have for me?”
Wright took another sip of his coffee and said, “The file is there, sir. As I said last night, her business card tracks back to a modeling agency in Washington. I went to the web site and I printed out her spread.”
“You didn’t beat off to the pics, did you?”
Wright gulped again.
“Wash your hands before you even think of coming into this office again.”
“Yes, sir.” 
“What else is there on her? A contact number for her agent? How much she charges? Anything?”
“Everything I found is in that file, sir.”
Chillings leaned back, making the chair squeak. He stared at the folder and tapped his fingertips together.
“Contact her agent, David. Contact her this minute: negotiate a deal with her to be our spokesmodel. She’ll make every red-blooded American male — and maybe even a few in the Middle East — want not only her, but our product. Oh, yes. Arctic Breeze will make millions off Miss Jaclyn Johnson.”
“I will get on that right now, sir.” Wright stood and departed, a trail of steam following him in his wake.
Chillings shoved the very edge of the file folder aside, hoping he didn’t touch where Wright touched it. A shiver rose up his spine at the very thought of his assistant with his pants down. He hoped he didn’t do that here in the office, or else he’d have to fire him.
He grimaced. 
No, he thought, David does a fine job — except his behavior last night. I’ll excuse it, even though I did threaten him.
Chillings spun and faced his wall of monitors. CNN and FOX News appeared next to each other. On the left, the security camera in the vestibule to the Grand Hall downstairs showed him a few travelers making their way inside, heading to the train and bus platforms in the rear. And on the right —
He paused as he looked at that monitor. His view there was of City Hall Plaza, but the camera angle had changed. Instead of a shot of red bricks, his angle had changed to that of the opening to the federal building. 
Chillings furrowed his brow as he looked closer. The woman walking along the northern concourse looked somewhat familiar.
“Does she have a twin?” he asked the monitor.
He pulled the controls to that camera, one he had installed weeks ago on the façade of the old Pemberton Square courthouse so he could watch his terrorism at work, toward him and tried to get a closer look at her. He couldn’t tell if it was her, but the woman on the screen had a confidence about her, a confidence that only certain people had.
Chillings rubbed his chin.
Only models have that kind of confidence, he thought.
Chillings pushed the controls away and leaned back, his chair squeaking again. He frowned deeply, the lines in his face hanging southward. He blew a long, sharp breath out of his nose, so much so that his tie rustled against his chest.
He had a predicament on his hands.
He didn’t like predicaments.
Chillings reached forward and froze the image, keeping the familiar-looking woman in the frame and outside of the federal building’s front doors. He didn’t know if the woman on the screen was the one he met last night, but there was a striking similarity between them in more ways than just one.
If it is Johnson, Chillings thought, why would she go into a federal building one day after meeting me? Does she have a problem with her taxes? Although she seemed different from other models; she had the air of an intelligent woman, not a simple, dumb blonde. I’m sure she can figure out a tax return. Still, it’s July; she has a whole nine months more to worry about her taxes again.
He leaned over to his desk and grabbed the phone, punching Wright’s extension in. He waited a few moments before his assistant picked up.
“Pull your pants up, David. Don’t call the modeling agency just yet; I want you to go deeper than your initial investigation on Miss Johnson.”
Chillings explained what he wanted, before he stood and walked to the window that overlooked Washington Square.
As he stared out over the city, he thought — but not for the last time that day — why Jaclyn Johnson chose yesterday as the day she entered his life so suddenly.
His eyes burned as he sought out the answer.

***

Worcester City Hall, Worcester, Mass.
Monday, July 19, 2011 — 11:30 a.m.

Jeff Harper promised the media more damaging information on President Sarah Kendall, and he quickly delivered.
He arrived at Worcester City Hall just minutes after his old friend looked out toward the city. He had a few minutes to kill; he looked over his information again. He didn’t want to refer to his notes, he wanted them committed to memory before he spoke to the media, which gathered along the steps, cameras and notebooks ready. He saw Channel 3’s Andy Lacombe standing next to his cameraman, who stared at Harper’s car as if waiting to pounce on him when the politician exited. Mike Elfland, the reporter from the Telegram, made small talk with the State House reporter from the Fitchburg Sentinel & Enterprise. 
It was, as Harper’s press release indicated, a big announcement. Every paper across Central Massachusetts — the Boston newspapers were there, too, along with the television stations — would cover this event, one they normally pull from the wire service.
Harper wanted to blow Kendall’s reputation sky high.
He stepped out of the car to flash bulbs popping. Two Worcester police officers stepped in and kept the photographers at bay as he walked up the few steps and turned to regard the media.
“The representative has a few opening remarks to make, so if you’ll hold your questions until the end, thank you,” Harper’s press manager said.
“Thanks, Tom. As you know, yesterday I announced my candidacy for U.S. Senate to represent the good people of Massachusetts. I said that I would bring you reasons why we need change in Washington. We have corruption on Capitol Hill.
“We also have it in the White House.”
Harper let the reporters catch up. He saw them writing down every word he said. Some carried digital recorders, and Harper wondered how they would be able to understand what he said from several feet away. To their credit, it wasn’t a windy day in Worcester, so they wouldn’t have to fudge their hearing when they replayed the tape in their offices.
“During my time on the Joint Commission for Transportation, I studied the MBTA’s budget for several years, and recently, I came across a major discrepancy. Two years ago, the MBTA had debts totaling eight billion dollars. That isn’t exactly breaking news. They’ve tried to make it up through fare hikes and parking fee increases despite a failing economy. But as I said, a recent perusal of the accounts tipped me off to something bad happening in Boston.
“Eight billion dollars has re-appeared in the MBTA’s account.”
He paused, as if for dramatic effect, to let the reporters catch up after they issued a collective gasp. The television reporters let their cameras catch it all. He smirked briefly at them, then continued:
“Now, while I’m pleased to say they are in the black again, I was concerned about how they returned to the black. I have gone to the head of the MBTA and asked him where the money, the eight billion dollars that hadn’t been there during our last budget cycle, came from. What he told me, I’m about to share it with you all.
“As you know, a few years ago several big businesses hurt by the recession went to President Kendall and asked for a bail out. It happened on several occasions. One of those companies was the MBTA. President Kendall wanted to help her home state out, but because the MBTA is a state agency, Congress denied the funding. They told the MBTA to stick it.
“But after further investigation, and after speaking with the head of the MBTA, I can reveal to you today that President Kendall gave the MBTA the money out of your pockets.”
Hands rose from the assembled members of the Fourth Estate. Harper pointed to the tall reporter in the center. “Mike?”
“Jeff, these are some serious allegations. Do you have any proof other than your word that the president did something like this?”
Harper grinned as the question rolled off Elfland’s tongue.
“Of course. My aide will pass out a statement from the head of the MBTA, who told me that he received these funds from the president personally. I have asked him to resign; he has refused. Andy?”
“Representative Harper,” the television reporter with the perfect hair asked, “do you mean to tell us that the MBTA gave this information,” he held the press release up, “to you freely and of his own volition?”
“It’s not like I held a shotgun to his head, Andy,” Harper replied, causing the reporters to laugh. “I explained to him that if he didn’t tell me then, I’d go to the media, where you guys would blow it all out of proportion.” The reporters chuckled a little more. “He told me the information, and now I’m telling it to you. I delayed the announcement.”
“Do you happen to know how the president got eight billion dollars to give the MBTA?”
“Good question, Dianne. From what the head of the MBTA told me, the president siphoned funds from other accounts in order to give it to the MBTA. You’ll find that in the statement, too.
“I’m sure you all have enough to go with, and I’m sure the White House will be happy to deflect any questions regarding this newest scandal to hit the president,” Harper said as the cops surrounded him and led him to his car. “I’ll have something else for you folks tomorrow.” The reporters continued firing questions at his back, but he only waved to them. Once he and his aide were safely inside, the sedan sped away, leaving the reporters dumbfounded as to why he only took a few questions when there were many to ask.
“Hopefully Jordan Levy will have something to say about this later today; remind me to listen in. I always enjoy his banter,” Harper told his aide as the car entered Interstate 290 near Union Station.
Harper looked to the station and smirked.
I may not need your money to get elected any more, old friend, he thought.

***

Oval Office, White House, Washington, D.C.
Monday, July 19, 2011 — 12:05 p.m.

Kendall heard Bennett before she saw him. The White House Chief of Staff yelled at people to get out of his way as he stormed toward —
The door to the Oval Office nearly flew off its hinges, the wood snapping and sending the secretaries scurrying under their desks. Kendall looked up and saw Bennett standing there, his tie askew, his face looking as if strawberry preserves had smeared it. Kendall’s eyebrows rose in mock amusement.
“What’s wrong, Dick?”
Bennett slammed the door and walked toward the president.
“What’s wrong? I’ll tell you what’s wrong, Sarah. That piece of slime in Massachusetts —”
“Jeff?”
“Right in one. That dirty piece of slime just exposed us.”
Confusion quickly replaced amusement. 
“What do you mean?”
Bennett slammed his hands down on Kendall’s desk. Kendall looked into his eyes and saw something she never thought she would see out of her longtime associate.
Fear. Something scared him enough to make him come into the Oval Office like a raving lunatic. 
“What I mean is that pain in the ass just held a news conference on the steps of Worcester City Hall explaining your role in keeping the MBTA afloat!”
Shock quickly replaced confusion. Kendall tried to sink deeper into her chair. She slouched a bit and tossed her pen onto the documents — important legislation — she had spread across her desk.
“Oh, hell.” 
“Oh, hell is right, Madame President,” Bennett said, now pacing in front of Kendall. “All three Boston stations are running it now. I expect the others will run it in due time. I’m afraid this is something we just can’t nip in the bud. The press corps will want a statement from us, at least denying the allegations.”
“Dick, stop pacing and sit down; you’re going to make me throw up.”
The room felt like it was spinning, and Bennett’s pacing made Kendall feel like she was aboard a ship. Bennett stopped and moved to a chair in front of the president. He hadn’t calmed any, Kendall could tell, but she had to have control of the situation. She was the president.
“How did he get the information in the first place?” she asked. “Does he have a spy in my administration?”
“I hope not; I’ll fire the son of a bitch who says anything to anybody about things that happen behind closed doors in this building. If we want the people to know, we’ll tell the people.”
“It’s not like many people know what I did. Only three people should know: that fat dope running the MBTA, you and I. Who would tell Jeff anything of what I did?”
“Exactly, but I don’t think anybody told him anything: From what the news report said, Harper said he investigated the accounts himself and asked Conoway what he knew about the money. He had a feeling something was not right, especially after Congress denied your request to help transportation authorities out. He used his own two eyes and his nose and smelled a rat, that much is certain.”
“So, it looks like Jeff turned into a micro-manager during his time in the state legislature.”
“Not only that, Sarah: He’s made you his No. 1 target in this election. Not a Republican challenger, not the incumbent himself: You. Not only do we have to campaign for president, we have to keep Jeff off our backs while we’re at it.” Bennett caught himself from saying anything more. He leaned forward, his elbows spearing his thighs. He stared at Kendall with an intensity that nearly floored the president. “Damn it, Sarah. We’re in a whole lot of trouble now. No one was supposed to know about this. This act was supposed to keep the MBTA afloat and keep the revenue coming in. What’s going to happen now?”
Kendall closed her eyes and sighed. When she opened them, she noticed her phone blinking out of control. It only did that when people called Washington to complain about something. 
During her three years in the White House, it seemed like an everyday occurrence. 
For a moment, she considered unplugging the network so the servers wouldn’t crash with an inundation of e-mail from angry citizens.
“The switchboard is going nuts already. Some people are wasting their lunch hours calling us.” Kendall, ignoring Bennett’s worries, shook her head. “I swear, there are some days I don’t think we pay those gals enough.”
Bennett stifled a chuckle.
“Only you would find something to laugh about in a time of trouble. It’s why the country put you here. You gave them a reason to put things in their proper perspective. You’re doing that now.”
“True, but now they know I’m the same as what I campaigned against. I went against what I knew was right. I did it anyway. When I gave those funds to Conoway, I felt like I was still on Capitol Hill, representing the people of Massachusetts.”
“And now those same people are still paying a ridiculous fare hike to make up a debt that you eliminated. There are going to be some pissed off people up there.”
“Yeah, but not at me; they’ll be mad at the MBTA for paying for a deficit that’s been taken care of for the past 13 months. It’s the people in the other 49 states who’ll be pissed at me for paying for something 95 percent of them will never use. It’s like Reagan vetoing the Big Dig money back in ’87.”
“We’ll weather that storm, Sarah.”
Kendall looked at Bennett and thanked God he was on her side on this matter; at least for this, the CIA wasn’t involved.
“I hope so. I have no idea why he would stoop so low like this,” she said, shaking her head. “His father, God rest his soul, would roll over in his grave if he knew what his son was up to.”
Damn it all, Jeff, she thought, bringing her hands to her chin, looking through Bennett as if he were made of plate glass. Why are you doing this to me now?

Chapter 12
Boston, Mass.
Monday, July 19, 2011 — 1 p.m.

One of the things Dupuis taught Jaclyn during her decade-long training is when an investigation slows to a crawl, there is only one thing to do: take a step back, breathe, and re-assess the situation from a distance.
Jaclyn chose to do that shortly after she broke away from Hanson just after lunch.
She went shopping.
Jaclyn quickly learned that Boston had a great deal to offer a girl in the way of boutiques, designer clothing stores and fashion outlets, just as much as New York. As she perused Newbury Street, she wondered how much Alex would freak out if she charged her undocumented expense account for new clothes as well as new shoes; a girl couldn’t have too many shoes, of course, and she had a huge shoot in three weeks’ time to prepare for. A new wardrobe, she thought, was just what the doctor ordered for a cluttered mind.
Yet as her HUD passed a glittering diamond tennis bracelet, the investigation, which sat in the back of her mind, shifted the clutter to the side and slowly moved forward.
She knew what the autopsy results would say, and she figured they would not file the results immediately. If they filed them this afternoon, Hanson could take care of it. Tracking shipments of Thallium Sulfate would probably take days, even in the realm of cyber space. Agents could raid every known Thallium Sulfate producer in the world, but that would take days of bureaucratic red tape that the government didn’t have time to go through.
No, it would take some time, and Jaclyn, off the government’s clock for the first time in what seemed like days, decided to relax on her second full day in Boston.
Before she began her excursion, she stopped at the Marriott and showered, making good on her earlier promise. She recalled Dupuis’ warning about Chillings and the possibilities of him coming after her, but it was too soon in the investigation for the man to have any clue of her identity. She chose to shower without her safeguards, which consisted of tiny cameras that she could mount in strategic places. Her HUD connected to those cameras, and a small box that she could place on the soap dish would alert her to an intruder.
Once she felt adequately clean from the rigors of travel, weariness of the investigation to this point and Chillings’ lips against her cheek — she still shivered when she thought of that, even bereft of air conditioning — she dressed in light, warm-weather clothes she packed for the trip and headed out into the city. She secured a map of the subway system — she made sure she rode all four subway lines on one fare — and toured the city. She walked the Freedom Trail, thankfully wearing a pair of sneakers; her feet grew sore as she walked through Government Center in her heels. She passed the State House and the Old State House as well as several burial grounds in between. She sat in Faneuil Hall and listened to the park ranger explain the significance of the grasshopper weathervane high atop the building’s cupola. She felt great awe when she caught her first glimpse of the Old North Church, and soon after, she trembled at the sight of the U.S.S. Constitution, the oldest warship still afloat. Its bow faced toward the Charles River, the sun pounding the ship’s starboard side.
She shopped on Newbury Street and in Copley Place; she wondered why Dupuis set her up in a hotel on the waterfront when there were hotels near the main shopping boulevard. She answered her own question when she caught sight of herself in a mirror, clutching six heavily stuffed bags — and ate a light dinner at the replica Cheers in Quincy Market. Then she made her way slightly west to Kenmore Square.
Jaclyn had been a baseball fan all her life, and she recalled a time when her dad took her to the old Kingdome in Seattle to catch Mariners games. And while the Mariners had already left town last night, the New York Yankees were at Fenway tonight.
If there was a team she hated in the American League more than the Oakland A’s or the California Angels — she despised the repeated changing of the team’s name when it hadn’t even changed stadiums — it was certainly the New York Yankees. She recalled Edgar Martinez’s double to win the 1995 AL Division Series over the Bronx Bombers, an event that made baseball her top love. She had cried herself to sleep after the 15-inning loss in Game Two, and she swore she would hate the Yankees even after she died.
She walked out of the subway station — the billboards depicting old Red Sox tickets and shots of famous moments greeted her before she stepped off the Green Line train — and saw the CITGO Sign rising high above Kenmore Square. She followed the crowd as it made its way toward Brookline Avenue, the sun beating Commonwealth Avenue to its knees. Jaclyn felt a little cooler now than she did on the subway; sweat made her back as slick as the old Slip N’ Slide she had back home. She saw scalpers lined the sidewalk near an ATM, trying to hawk that night’s supply.
“Need ‘em? Anyone need tickets?”
“Needham? No, I’m from Athol,” one rotund wisecracker said as he passed. The scalper shot him an unfriendly gesture.
“I do,” Jaclyn said. “What do you got?”
The scalper’s eyes bugged out and his jaw dropped as Jaclyn approached, forgetting the joker immediately. He gave her the once over. A little drool slid out of his mouth before he realized she was indeed a customer.
“They’re right behind the dish, grandstand, three rows behind the box seats. I’ll give them to you for 60 bucks apiece, seeing as you’re so cute.”
“I only need one, pal.”
“Want company? Those seats can get pretty cozy with the right people in them.” 
His lascivious grin made Jaclyn want to puke her guts out.
“No, thank you, just the ticket, please.” She handed him the cash, while he reluctantly parted with the ticket.
“You may see me again, sugar lips. I usually sell those in pairs, and I have the extra one.” He chuckled as if proud of himself, a victory for Neanderthals everywhere.
“I wouldn’t do that, if I were you,” she said with a look that bordered on menacing. The scalper took notice, and he shuffled off, looking for more buyers.

***

As had been the custom between the Red Sox and Yankees over the past 12 years or so, the game ran long.
Jaclyn didn’t mind, though. She sat there looking out at the Fenway lawn, spread out without any obstructions in front of her other than the backstop netting. She stopped by the Yawkey Way souvenir stand and bought a pink Red Sox hat. She ate a couple of hot dogs and even had a beer before the first pitch, figuring one of the mortgage-breaking brews wouldn’t hurt her reactions later in the evening.
While the Red Sox pulled ahead in the third, Jaclyn thought of her coming adventures. She knew what she had to do. Getting there, of course, happened to be a problem. She didn’t have a car, and she figured that if she took the Commuter Rail from Yawkey Station to Union Station, she would be stuck in Worcester until quarter to 5 in the morning at the earliest.
There was only one problem with that whole line of thought.
The items she needed to accomplish tonight’s mission were back at the Marriott, and she knew that if anyone saw her in them, it would lead to stares and, in the case of men like the bastard scalper, drooling.
She grinned when she thought of that nifty government-made accoutrement that anchored her arsenal. She would wear it soon.
Jaclyn kept an eye on the clock on the center field video board. By the top of the ninth inning of this hardball marathon, the red numerals inched toward 11:35. She still had some time to kill, but not much: With an appointment to keep at 1 a.m., she couldn’t miss it; Parkerhurst, like Tulli, lived by punctuality as a rule; the rumor around Langley held that he broke out in a rash if he walked in a minute late.
Thankfully, the Red Sox closer dispatched the Yankees in five minutes. Dirty Water rained down from the heavens it seemed, caroming off the Green Monster and making the concrete vibrate under Jaclyn’s feet as she made her way to the grandstand concourse. She weaved her way down a set of stairs, walked a long steel causeway and then down a steep concrete ramp with the rest of the joyous crowd, spilling out onto Yawkey Way. She blended in with those walking toward Brookline Avenue and the short walk back to Kenmore Square.
Fans wound their way through the streets while some posted spots on the sidewalks, trying to get into the Boston Beer Works and the Cask N’ Flagon for a postgame drink. The smell of propane-cooked sausages ensnared her nasal cavities, trying to pick Jaclyn off her feet and carry her to one of the stands on Lansdowne Street. She had no time for that, though, as she ignored the stares some of the men — and some of the women, too — gave her as she walked.
Drumsticks pealed repeatedly off plastic containers as she walked over the highway below, a hat perched in front of the would-be drummers. She dropped a couple of bucks in, the texture of the bills caressing against the crushed velvet on the steaming concrete. A man with an acoustic guitar strummed a few feet away. She put a couple of bucks into his bucket, too.
She twisted her way through the narrow sidewalk, trying to find an opening that would give her a few extra steps toward the subway station. She kept her HUD attuned to look for anyone — especially the asshole scalper — who would want to hurt her. She neared the entrance and found the queue entering it congested. 
The time on her HUD read 11:55. 
“Christ, this is going to cut it close,” she said. She worked her way into the narrow way and felt the air close in on her. She finally made it to the platform at 12:06.
Jaclyn used the GPS device embedded in her HUD to cross-reference a map of the MBTA subway system. With her limited time, she hopped on the first inbound train to arrive; Jaclyn learned quickly that inbound trains headed toward Park Street, while outbound trains headed the opposite way in either direction. Her trip to Government Center took 10 minutes, before she hopped off the Green Line, made her way around the large staircase heading to the ziggurat above, and walked downstairs to the Blue Line platform, also known as Scollay Under. 
She could have walked from the Government Center to the Aquarium stations in about as long as it took the train to rumble slowly into the station. The time indicator on her HUD read 12:25, which gave her 35 minutes — no give or take on that — to get into her room, get the crate open and get changed before walking to North End Park.
Could I be under any more pressure? she thought.
The trip to the Aquarium station took only three minutes, but it felt an eternity to Jaclyn. She rushed out of the train as soon as the doors opened and rushed up the escalator, her graceful, athletic legs churning as she ran. Sweat poured out of her. She exited the station, turned to her right, avoided the steel pole marking the T’s location and jogged as fast as she could to the front doors of the Marriott.
“Good evening, Miss Johnson,” the desk clerk said. 
Jaclyn waved. 
“Good night,” she said, not hinting that in about 10 minutes, she wouldn’t be in her room.
She let the thought drop as she entered the elevator. She took her hat off and ran her fingers through her long blonde tresses, feeling the strands plastered together with perspiration. She didn’t have too much time, and a shower — a lengthy shower — was just not in the cards tonight.
I should have left the ballpark earlier than that, she thought. The good thing is my body can somewhat breathe in the —
The elevator chime went off, the doors opening slowly. She leapt out as soon as the doors pulled away from its magnetic mooring and practically sprinted to her room. She had her sweat-saturated clothes off only heartbeats after the door closed, and she rinsed her toned body and her hair under a spray of cooling water less than a minute later. Jaclyn quickly ended the shower, dried off with a large white fluffy towel before she walked into the main room proper nude.
Jaclyn opened the crate and pulled out a maroon garment bag with a clear window, showing a black top. Within its vinyl embrace rested one of the most ingenious weapons ever created by the United States government. Jaclyn unzipped it and feasted her eyes upon her black Lycra jumpsuit. 
Made of the finest Lycra polymer ever constructed, the form-fitting jumpsuit was the major necessity of her work in the clandestine service. It had six custom-made holsters with which to store her weaponry: Jaclyn placed her Walthers there, and they did not add any weight to the jumpsuit. The government strategically placed the holsters for her, with one on either side of her latissimus muscles, just underneath her armpits. She also had one on each hip, as well as one on each quadriceps muscle. She carried multiple magazines on the backside of her utility belt, which had several pouches in front that she used to carry small incendiary devices of her own creation, as well as other little hidden tricks provided to her by the CIA’s quartermasters. Slapping a button on her utility belt would give her protection on 96 percent of her body in a firefight.
She looked at the clock. It read 12:35.
Jaclyn bit back a four-letter curse word.
“This is going to be like putting PJs on without having a fully dry body,” she said as she removed the jumpsuit.
Jaclyn slid into the garment, feeling the material expand as she pulled it up her legs; she felt no resistance from the remaining droplets that stubbornly held on to her body. She pulled it up to her waist and felt the protective covering over her groin and her buttocks; the covering would look smooth against the skin and would prevent any personal embarrassment. 
She moved her arms into the garment, pulling the back up onto her neck and the front to cover her breasts. She zipped the top up, then covered the zipper with a Lycra flap. The jumpsuit molded her body like a second skin. 
In the jumpsuit, she was no longer Jaclyn Johnson. She became Snapshot, a deadly weapon of the United States clandestine services. 
It was a name, the US government hoped, terrorists all across the globe would soon fear.
Jaclyn quickly filled the utility pouches with her custom-made incendiary devices, then covered herself in a long, black trench coat. She pulled on long, spiked boots, making her look several inches taller than normal: standing straight, she would now top out at 6-foot-1. 
She didn’t pause to look at herself in the mirror, as the clock now read 12:38 and time was now of the essence. 
Jaclyn walked to the sliding picture window and slid out onto the stone-covered balcony. A slight breeze ruffled her hair — she didn’t dry it, knowing the walk in the steamy July air would dry it for her — from this height, five floors up. She looked out toward Boston Harbor at Logan Airport, only seeing runway lights. Small spotlights along the wharf lit the way for passersby.
Jaclyn had no time to worry about passersby seeing her. She reached into her utility belt and pulled out several small gray balls. She brought one to her HUD, where she could see a swirling gas inside. She grinned and threw all three toward the ground.
She could not hear the ensuing crack up here, but Jaclyn knew they had worked: dark mist poured forth, causing a visual black out. Without waiting another second, she yanked out a folded device and unfolded it, then pressed a button. A click turned the device into a crossbow.
She pointed it at a metal bar that ran across the top of the balcony and squeezed the trigger. A grappling cord shot and hooked it.
Jaclyn took a deep breath.
“Here goes nothing,” she whispered before she stepped back a foot and pushed off the front of her feet. She leaped over the balcony with a gymnast’s grace and, within a few seconds, rappelled to the ground with the crossbow in her hand. Her heels smacked the bricks, scuffing the red and black stones.
She pressed a button on the side of the crossbow, sending an electrical charge up the cord. In less than 10 seconds, the cord returned to the device. Jaclyn closed the bow and folded it up again. She returned it to its place on her utility belt, moving the right side of her trench coat over a little bit.
Jaclyn looked around as the black clouds dissipated a little bit. No one saw her.
Without a second thought, she walked off toward the bow of the ship-like hotel and ducked through the shadows, making her way to the North End.

Chapter 13
North End Park, Boston, Mass.
Tuesday, July 20, 2011 — approaching 1 a.m.

Jaclyn made it just on time.
The walk from her Long Wharf hotel to North End Park took a little less than 20 minutes, and thankfully, Jaclyn thought, she had been undetected as she strolled across unforgiving gray brick through Christopher Columbus Park and up the Harborwalk. Her heels clicked along while the leather trench coat rubbed together, emitting a sexy sound of sultriness and bedazzlement.
She crossed the park and came to the Massachusetts Beirut Memorial before she came to Commercial Street. She couldn’t see any cars this late as she crossed near Lewis Wharf and walked north, where the small pier on her right-hand side contained several large schooners. She continued past Sargent’s Wharf, as the sidewalk turned to red bricks. Union, Lincoln and Battery Wharfs were next, and Jaclyn, through her HUD, paid close attention to the detail in not only the sidewalks, but also the accoutrements that accompanied the landscape: several of the trees that lined the left side of the sidewalk had steel grates, while others did not. Exhaust vents pocked the sidewalk up until the Hanover Street crossing, where bricks rolled away from her feet.
Over on her left-hand side, tall and stately four- and five-decked buildings clawed for the darkness above, while steel fire escapes clung to the façades of many, as if their steel lives depended on it. Jaclyn scanned the rooftops, keeping vigilance, and as she did, she noticed that several of the buildings dated as far back as the 1880’s. 
Others were slightly more modern, carrying a 2006 date along the roofline.
Jaclyn continued her northbound walk.
As she drew near the Coast Guard base and the nearby 7-Eleven, she noticed a black tractor-trailer parked in the far right-hand lane near the entrance to North End Park. Its running lights and engine were on, as if waiting in the night. Jaclyn approached cautiously. She peeked up the narrow Foster Street hill. A homeless person sat huddled on the sidewalk.
She walked toward the twin parks with as much caution as she had during the first 15 minutes of her walk. Her hands did not come anywhere close to her trench coat pockets; instead, her fingers twitched to get a hold of her Walthers and start a gunfight on the streets of Boston.
Jaclyn edged closer. 
Once the scene of the 1919 Boston Molasses Disaster — some natives derisively called it the Boston Molassacre — where 21 people died due to a flood of molasses on an unseasonable January day, North End Park now sat dark save for the streetlights that lined Commercial and the lamps along the causeway near the Charles River. A trio of softball and baseball diamonds rested there, separated by three long bocce courts. In the distance, Steritis Rink stood guard over the park, its glass-enclosed first floor empty. A long paved parkway also ran down the Little League baseball field’s right field line, from the sidewalk all the way to the water. A public pool lay beyond the softball field’s left field boundary; she passed a wading pool as she approached. Large trees stood at the entrances. Underneath their leafy canopies, black wrought iron tables and benches sat waiting for elderly Italian men to emerge from their nearby homes later that day, ready to play long hands of escopa, conversing in the aggressive, rich tongues of the Old Country.
Jaclyn passed those benches and imagined the scene, with the trees the lone viewers of the daily conversations; she wondered what Italian curse words those trees knew. She turned into the park and walked down the paved path.
She passed the bocce courts and, after crossing another pathway, headed down a flight of four granite steps, a black steel fence to the right near the basketball court above. Two steel railings bisected the stairway into thirds. Small weeds sprouted out of cracks near the stairs, and two-tone pavement, the darker version laid a touch more recent than the lighter, lay below on the promenade. It stretched along the edge of the river, set eight feet above the water line. White steel protective barriers sat atop large slabs of granite, keeping adults and wayward children from tumbling into the Charles’ murky depths. Spaced out along the walkway sat black lampposts, unlike the ones close to Government Center, providing ample light. A pigeon, even at this late hour, cooed and toddled along, paying Jaclyn no mind.
The Charles River was exceptionally calm on this night; no boats were out, and no bell chimes surged across the expanse. Jaclyn walked up to the railings and leaned over them, resting her forearms on the hard metal. During a bright day, she could stand at this very spot, look straight across the river’s mouth, and see the U.S.S. Constitution; right now, its mast lights illuminated the ship’s rigging, the brightness reflecting off the hull. The texture of the triple mast’s white pine caused Jaclyn to take in breath. She swallowed awkwardly. She also noticed someone took the 199-year-old warship out to sea and re-positioned her since Jaclyn’s earlier visit. The bow now faced inward toward the docks, her mighty stern mocking America’s enemies. Beyond Old Ironsides and to the left, the Bunker Hill Monument stood shrouded in the darkness, the obelisk partially hidden by an office building.
She checked the time in her HUD. It read 12:58. Parkerhurst had yet to arrive. She looked around and couldn’t see the quartermaster.
She shrugged and looked to her left, where the Zakim Bridge dwarfed the Charlestown Bridge in the foreground. To her right, the Tobin Bridge streaked out toward Chelsea, crossing the Mystic River below. Every couple of seconds, a car came toward Charlestown, its lights breaking the darkness, the green steel of the cantilevered bridge coming into focus.
Jaclyn sighed and wondered where Parkerhurst was, before her HUD cried out in warning. She spun toward the walkway, her hand reaching for her hip-side Walther.
She froze as she recognized the young quartermaster — he wasn’t much younger than Jaclyn, but he had a startling intellect — approach her.
“You’re late, Agent Snapshot,” Parkerhurst said. His Boston accent stretched the final syllable of Jaclyn’s code name out. “We agreed on meeting at 1 o’clock.”
“I’m right on time,” Jaclyn countered. “In fact, I’ve been waiting here about five minutes. You’re the one who’s late.”
Parkerhurst checked his watch while Jaclyn surreptitiously, behind the Foster Grants, noticed it was 1:01. She wondered if the quartermaster had started chaffing yet. She hid her knowing grin from the quartermaster.
“I’ve been in the truck, waiting for you. You should have come directly inside then, as Director Dupuis ordered you to do.”
“Alex told me no such thing.”
Quartermaster Parkerhurst huffed.
“Come with me, Agent Snapshot. The things you requested, along with some additional items that Director Dupuis asked me to convey to you, are in the trailer.”
Parkerhurst practically spun on his heel and walked toward the stairs. Jaclyn gave a short salute before she, too, followed.
Jaclyn had met Parkerhurst several times during the last few years of her 10-year training. A Massachusetts native, Parkerhurst had been educated at Lawrence Academy before he attended Harvard University. After graduating, the CIA hired him due to his computer science background, and for the past two years, he assisted Dupuis in arming her operatives as they went about defending the Republic. He replaced the retiring quartermaster only a year into the job.
While Jaclyn got along reasonably well with Parkerhurst, his affinity for punctuality and love of all things technical ruffled her feathers a little bit. 
A few months younger than Jaclyn, Parkerhurst stood 5-foot-11. His sandy-brown hair fell off his head much in the way Tom Brady’s hair did the previous season. He had filled out a tad over the past three years, and he was of medium build. He could have joined the clandestine services, too, but his heart condition prevented him from doing so. 
The young man reached up and grabbed the door handle to the trailer, yanking it open with a sharp tug. He made sure both doors couldn’t slam closed on him before he grabbed a duffel bag from the rear compartment, pulling it to the trailer’s edge.
“Director Dupuis wanted you to have a few things, Snapshot. First, here are a few extra magazines for your Walthers.” He handed her six, all filled with nine-millimeter bullets.
“I always liked Christmas in July,” Jaclyn said as she stashed the extra mags on her utility belt. “My father always used to say around the dinner table, ‘You can never have too much ammunition.’”
“Those should quench your desire to cause mayhem, since I know I packed extras for you before the Gulfstream left for Miami. If you can’t take over a small country with what’s in your essentials and what I just gave you, then, well, you’re in trouble.”
“You know me so well, Parkerhurst.”
“Right, and that’s what scares me,” the quartermaster said. He reached back into the bag and pulled out an 8x10 tablet computer complete with a cushioned carrying case. “Here is your new iPad.”
“Finally,” Jaclyn breathed as she took a hold of the device. “I’ve wanted one of these for almost a year and a half now. What’s pre-loaded?”
“Oh, your usual stuff, as well as a few things of my own personal creation that you can’t find in the App Store.”
“Kindle for iPad?”
Parkerhurst’s stone-faced look answered her question.
“Damn it all, and I wanted to read the new Amanda Hocking book on it, too. Have you ever tried reading on a BlackBerry? It’s not fun.”
“There will be time for reading about vampires after you complete your mission, Snapshot.” He leaned in and added, “You can always download it yourself. I won’t tell anyone.”
Jaclyn grinned and wanted to wink at him.
“You’ll see that the device has been augmented with a clip which will allow you to attach it to not only your utility belt, but to your official clothes, as well. That will help you save hard drive space on your HUD.”
“What else can I do with it?”
“Pretty much anything you want it to do for you. The specially-made applications include one that can short circuit any security system in the world.”
“Even the White House’s security system?” Jaclyn asked.
Parkerhurst frowned.
“It would be best if you didn’t lose the iPad.”
“Gotcha.” She immediately hooked it onto her utility belt.
“There are other applications that will help you, including several jail-broken modifications that Apple would frown upon if they knew of their existence. As you can see, we cushioned the iPad, so in case you perform any acrobatics in the line of duty, it will, at the very least, not crack the screen. An added feature is the magnetic casing, which will allow you attach it to any part of your body while you have the Kevlar activated. Of course, the best method is to just have it clipped and pray to God that you don’t damage it.”
“I will do my best not to destroy it the first day.”
“Congress will appreciate that, Snapshot. Now, about your car —”
“Don’t tell me: Because the government bailed out Chrysler three years ago, I have to drive a government-owned sedan or a compact car or something from the 1970’s.”
Parkerhurst only offered a demure smile while Jaclyn sulked.
“Negative. We managed to find something a little more befitting for you.” He yelled into the trailer. “Back her out, Charlie! And don’t scratch the paint!” He turned back to Jaclyn and said, “If he scratches the paint, I’m going to scream. I spent a few hours with a mask on painting her yesterday for you.”
Jaclyn couldn’t see into the darkened trailer, but as soon as the engine turned over, the automatic lights came on and Charlie put her in reverse, she noticed the narrow taillights burning red.
That isn’t an American car, Jaclyn thought.
It took a few seconds for Charlie to get the car backed out — he didn’t scratch the paint; he kept it on the straight and narrow, for which Parkerhurst was thankful — but when Jaclyn got her first look at her car, she now knew what being a male watching her pass felt like.
The sleek black car rolled down the ramp slowly, the engine purring as it finished its descent to the pavement. Charlie revved the engine twice, then cut the engine before he got out and tossed the keys to Parkerhurst.
Jaclyn did even notice Charlie rolling the ramp into the trailer. 
She just couldn’t stop staring at the car.
“Your 2010 Porsche AG 918 Spyder. Only a few miles are on this girl.” Parkerhurst walked around it like a proud father. “It can go 0 to 60 in just a smidge over three seconds, is fully hybrid with a 320 horsepower engine. Excellent gas mileage, leather seats, AM/FM/CD –”
“No cassette deck?” Jaclyn interrupted, finally peeling her HUD away from the Porsche’s curved nose.
The quartermaster simply sighed and shook his head.
“That’s two you owe me, Parkerhurst.”
He ignored her.
“ABS brakes, 3.4 liter engine, airbags all over the place; do take care and not use them. Power everything, of course.”
“And what about extras?” Jaclyn leaned against the passenger door.
“It has all the usual modifications, if that’s what you’re asking, Snapshot. Hidden hood-mounted machine guns, armored glass and chassis, surface to air missiles in the trunk, high speed propellant, GPS with removable detonators, high voltage security system, automatic collision countermeasures, and triple interchangeable license plates with Massachusetts, Rhode Island and New Hampshire registration.”
“So it’s like the Swiss Army Knife of cars, huh?”
“Yes, but there are no knives or spinning discs on this model; we had to have room for the operator.” 
“Maybe you’ll put some on the next one?”
Parkerhurst smiled.
“Maybe.”
He tossed her the keys. Jaclyn caught them easily in her right hand.
“Safe driving, Snapshot. Have a good mission.”
This time, Jaclyn grinned.
Parkerhurst tossed the empty duffel into the back of the trailer and closed the doors. He walked toward the cab.
“You better have a safe drive back to Washington.”
The quartermaster turned and waved before he jumped into the passenger side. Charlie turned the engine over, honked his horn and pulled away from the curb.
Jaclyn sniffed a smile.
“I better get a move on before someone wakes up — wait a second,” she said before digging into her utility belt. She pulled out two of the darkness balls and threw one toward the other side of Commercial Street. She tossed the other in front of the Porsche.
Black fumes spread as soon as the balls broke their seals. Jaclyn noticed the cloud of darkness spread high enough to keep the Porsche out of sight. She swung herself around the nose and opened the door, sliding in. She couldn’t even feel the leather through the Lycra.
“Time to see what Chillings is up to,” she said, before gunning the engine. She pulled away from the curb as the automatic lights blazed up, cutting through the darkness cloud cautiously until the windshield emerged. She hit the gas and sped away, coming up to Causeway Street and connecting to Interstate 93 South. 
Jaclyn grinned as she passed the tractor-trailer in the Tip O’Neill Tunnel, making her way to the Massachusetts Turnpike.

Chapter 14
Union Station, Worcester, Mass.
Tuesday, July 20, 2011 — 1 a.m.

Chillings’ office had been mainly dark for a few hours. He sat at his desk, a soft white bulb cutting through the gloom, shining down on the papers he had spread in front of him. He held a red pen, one of those long ones teachers at Holy Name used to correct tests with, the pens that made students quake with nervousness.
At this hour, he corrected his plans for dominion over drinking water.
He had another market he wanted to hit before his end game came into sharp focus.
Chillings scratched at his notations, making sure everything he planned would come to fruition. He needed no back-up plan. He felt confident his minions would perform to the highest level of their abilities.
If they didn’t, he thought, they’d join the Board of Directors at the bottom of Quinsigamond.
The thought made him grin.
He put down his pen and held up the paper, the light doing its best to make Chillings’ notations unreadable. He looked at it once more, and pronounced his plan ready.
The opening door pulled Chillings’ attention away from his notes. He peered through the darkness, only seeing a blob of ambiguous flesh coming toward him. He tensed up a tad, but blew out a long breath as David Wright came into the light. He held a martini glass and put it down in front of his boss.
“I thought you went home already, David.”
“No sir,” Wright said, putting his hands behind his back. “I wanted to see if there was anything else you require this evening.”
“That will be all. I’m just going over the next part of my plan.” Chillings showed him the paper. Wright looked.
“Ethylene Glycol?” he asked. “What’s that?”
Chillings clicked his teeth as he leaned back, putting the paper back on the desk.
“Do you handle the maintenance on your car, David?”
Wright shook his head.
“We take it to the Jiffy Lube in Auburn. Why is that important?”
“Ethylene Glycol, the liquid, is usually sold as radiator antifreeze. It is clear, odorless, and is has a sweet taste,” Chillings said, ticking the facts off his fingers. “And luckily for me, Ethylene Glycol looks exactly like those sports drinks children salivate over. Put it in a bottle, and they won’t know the difference — until they start throwing up, at least.”
Chillings watched as the cogs spun at a rather intense rate inside Wright’s head. He could see his assistant’s eyes narrow, making the eye sockets practically close to nothingness. If it were humanly possible, smoke would have vented from his ears.
“You’re going to poison children?”
Chillings thought Wright was about to vomit, judging by the look on his face.
“I’m not poisoning children, David,” he said. “I’m giving their parents the opportunity to raise their medical insurance premiums.”
“Why would you even think about that, though? That’s just sickening.”
“It’s because of water, plain and simple.” Chillings leapt out of his chair and began pacing his office, taking large strides. “These children don’t get enough water in their diets. They’d rather drink soda, loading their mouths with so much sugar that they’re hyped up for ages, running rampant on city streets. Or they’d rather drink those high-energy drinks that are even worse than soda.” He looked at Wright. “They have their high, and only a few hours later, they are dragging ass back to the store for more.
“They should drag their ass to the sink, twist that tap open, and let the water, nature’s energy booster, run out and take them to new heights.”
“Do you want to be everyone’s parent now?” Wright said incredulously. He stood with his arms crossed. “I don’t think a majority of the people would appreciate that.”
“Americans want someone leading them through the desert, leading them to water. I will be that person, David. I will be that person, and there will not be a person out there who does not know my name or my product.”
“So let me guess: This is another scheme to get people to buy your product and to make sure your stock prices rise.”
Chillings smirked.
“That’s part of the reason. I need to educate these people, first and foremost. They have strayed from what God intended to be the lone beverage that his children drink, to replenish their energy, to start their day. The whole stock rising part is just an added bonus.” He waved his hand aside as if sweeping the matter under a mat.
That didn’t calm Wright any, Chillings saw. His assistant shifted his weight from left to right and gnawed on the inside of his cheek, much in the same way an expectant father would when awaiting his first child.
“I’m not going to poison them in heavy doses. I’ve only had a simple amount to make the kids sick put into the drink, take them to the hospital for treatment, and make the parents see the error in their ways. I’m not a monster, David.”
“Tell that to the people who died Saturday, and their families.”
“It’s not like that, though.”
“It isn’t?”
Chillings sighed softly. I need a new approach, he thought.
“No, it’s not. The children will manage to fight it off, and the doctors can easily treat it. Much like I had done with Nantucket Harbor, we infiltrated their plant, and our people added the chemical,” — Wright shivered — “in small doses to the shipment. It’s not like we’re going to poison thousands of kids. We didn’t poison thousands of adults Saturday, either: We poisoned a small portion —”
“But you intended to poison more; there was a ton of water seized.”
“Yes, but not this time. It’s an isolated incident, much like the other day. It could have spread if I wanted it to; I could inundate emergency rooms if the mood struck me, but it doesn’t. I don’t want it to spread; I just want parents to wake up a little, and the sports drink companies to pull a Nantucket Harbor in the hours after the attack.”
“And those people will come running to buy your water, too.”
Chillings caught the sarcasm.
“This is not the time to turn weak-hearted on me. This is war, and war is deadly. I want to bankrupt them and put them out of business. This is about being number one; about being remembered.”
“Oh, they’ll certainly remember you, especially if they catch you.”
Chillings’ mood turned dark as he walked toward his assistant. He made sure Wright felt his breath on his face. 
“And who’s going to turn me in? You?”
Wright stared, then turned away without a word.
Chillings cocked an eyebrow.
“You wouldn’t even think about it, David. You forget that I hold your father under my sway. I hold your entire family in bondage to mine; I even pay your son’s tuition to UMass. How would you feel if I had them all killed while you watched their executions, and then shipped you off to the northern reaches of Alaska without anything to keep you going? Not even revenge for their deaths would keep you warm in that climate.
“And you know that I would do it all, too.”
Chillings smirked as Wright fumed. He kept his eyes on him, blistering him as Wright practically suffocated from Chillings’ stare. 
Wright collapsed into a chair.
“I pay you and your family well,” Chillings said as he walked away from Wright. “I put food on your table and clothes on your children’s bodies. I make sure you’re taken care of, David, and this is how you re-pay me? I can take it all away, but I don’t want to do that. You are a valuable employee. Don’t screw up the life and the wealth you have over something stupid, like morality.”
He walked to his desk and grabbed the paper containing his notations as well as the rest of the day’s work, stuffing it in a large brown envelope. He sealed it and brought it over to the wall next to Wright, where a large fireproof safe lay behind a painting of Starry Night. Only he knew the combination to this safe, and with several twists of his wrist, his plans were now safe from prying eyes — and from scheming assistants.
Chillings grabbed a glass and poured his finest product into it, bringing it over to Wright, who had slouched forward in the chair. Chillings wanted to grin, but he felt sorry for him. Wright did not have the same vision of the world that he had. 
It will be his undoing, I am sure of it, Chillings thought.
He smacked Wright’s shoulder and handed him the water before he returned to the desk and, in one long gulp, polished off the drink. He smacked his lips together, savoring the vermouth as it burned going down.
“I will say this, David. You do make a good fucking martini.” 
He patted his assistant on the back and left him in his office, making his way downstairs to his waiting limousine. His heels clicked on the marble steps, the sounds filling the passageway and echoing long after he left.
Yet as he walked, he forgot about Wright’s arguments, shrugging them off like he would a complaint to his product’s price by those who couldn’t afford it. He cared less about what the man thought. He would go through with his plans. The shipment would go out soon.
He grinned as he stepped through the front doors of the depot.
Once I have my monopoly on water, I’ll go after soda next, he thought. Maybe I’ll even go after the alcoholic beverages market, too; I’d just have to find a way to make a drink that makes you drunk in less amount of time.
His grin did not falter, even after he fell asleep that night.

***

Wright held the glass in his hand, but he did not drink from it just yet. He wanted to squeeze it, to feel the glass shatter, for the sharp edge to pierce his palms, for his life to slither out and drop to the carpet. He wanted to jab a shard into his neck, severe an artery, and bleed while tucked in a ball on Chillings’ expensive carpets.
He couldn’t bring himself to do it. 
He shook, his body racked with sobs. Wright brought his other hand to his face and covered his eyes, fearful that a security guard would come in and discover him, sitting there alone, weeping in his water.
Wright took a few deep breaths, trying to bring himself under control. Tears licked his cheeks. He wiped away the salty trails and drank, trying to reclaim a little bit of the hydration he just lost: if Chillings taught him anything in his life, it was to reclaim the body’s water as quick as one can.
He drank deeply. He gulped several times, the water sliding into his throat.
Wright coughed, spurting water out of his mouth. His throat clenched, as if he had the power to expel the liquid out. He hit his knees and pounded at his chest, trying to get air back in. Tears flowed heavily this time, albeit for a different reason.
He finally regained control a few seconds later. His chest burned. His skin flared as if touched with a million pokers, fresh from the hearth.
Wright fell onto his rear end. He stared at the far wall.
Chillings wants to kill again, and his water – his water! – nearly killed me, he thought. He’s a sadistic bastard, and someone has to stop him. I just don’t know how to, though.
He bowed his head in thought, but then he stared straight ahead.
That’s just it. He wants me to try to stop him. He wants me to stand up to him, to show him that there are people who don’t want to die. Yet he threatens my family, making me a shell of a man. He knows what words to use, what to say to make me a quivering mess.
His lip twitched in the corner, causing light tremors in his left cheek.
I hate him. I hate him more than a man should hate another. It’s the thought of him that makes my bones ache, that makes my skin ripple uneasily around him.
Wright snarled, his upper lip curling on the left side. 
He threw the glass across the room. It shattered against the wall, the glass cascading like a waterfall. The shards made no sound save repeated thumps against the carpet.
He wanted to leave forever, but he knew Chillings would find him and his family if he managed to get away.
Chillings always found them.
Tears lined his eyes again. Wright had nowhere to run, and his heart wept in between its continual beats. The police couldn’t help him. As gruesome a thought as it was, it was the truth.
The thought that he was helpless, as uneasy as it was, did not leave him alone that night, nor did it escape his mind the entirety of the next day. Wright knew he was in an un-escapable situation.
He wanted out now. He just had no idea how he would get out.
Wright wanted to find that way out.
He was desperate.

Chapter 15
Massachusetts Turnpike Westbound to Worcester, Mass.
Tuesday, July 20, 2011 — 2 a.m.

It felt odd to touch a steering wheel again.
Jaclyn’s bare hands lightly ran atop the silky smooth leather encasing the steering wheel as she put the Porsche through its paces. It had been too long since she sat behind the wheel of any car, and her heart fluttered at the notion of having so many ponies at her disposal underneath the hood. The agency, as she liked to call it, employed a driver with the sole purpose of carting her to and from photo shoots. It worked for her cover: Everyone she worked with in the modeling world knew of her disability, and to see her behind the wheel of a car would send up red flags.
What they didn’t know, she thought as she hit the off-ramp for Interstate 90, certainly won’t hurt them in the slightest. 
Jaclyn didn’t feel the corners of her mouth slip away into a sly smirk.
She maneuvered through the Boston proper section of the Massachusetts Turnpike at first, winding her way through the curved areas at the speed limit. Darkness folded over her in the tunnels, but her HUD quickly compensated for the loss of light.
Once she passed the Weston toll plaza, she fought off the urge to put the Porsche at full speed. Her reactions were good, but not flawless. She maintained an average speed as she drove along the westbound side passing Natick and Framingham, before Westborough came into clear focus.
Jaclyn’s GPS unit told her Chillings’ plant sat on the Worcester-Auburn line, just off Interstate 290. She hit the accelerator and cruised forward, the Porsche pulling along as if a magnet drew it forth.
Less than an hour later, Jaclyn slid through the Auburn tolls and zoomed toward the left and the on-ramp to Interstate 290. Within a minute, she merged onto the highway from the left-hand side and, with little traffic approaching from northeast Connecticut, slid into the far right-hand lane. As a precaution, she toggled a switch in her center console. Two clicks registered through her HUD. The license plates had changed.
Jaclyn hit the directional and slipped off the highway at College Square, following the asphalt river to Southbridge Street. Her HUD, once again, detected no cars approaching. She crossed toward the right-hand side and came to the square. She turned right onto College Street, but instead of going all the way up the hill, she turned left and ducked into the small driveway that served Hanover Insurance Park and Fitton Field. She grabbed her iPad, set the security system, and exited the car.
Jaclyn perspired lightly as she trotted down the hill, her heels hitting the pavement with the force of a cannon blast. Her HUD shifted the glare from the traffic signals, now on a steady green. She crossed the street with a healthy gait, looking back and forth even as she crossed the middle. Her dark clothes would not reflect well if any cars chose this moment to speed down Southbridge Street; they would send her flying if they hit her.
She made it across safely. 
“GPS,” she whispered. “Plot me an easy location to break into Chillings’ plant.”
A short tone replied, and within a few seconds, Jaclyn had a route planned. She followed Southbridge Street, melding with the darkened shadows. Now her attire helped her: if anyone chose to look toward Chillings’ plant at that very moment, they would have only seen disembodied golden hair floating along.
Only the sound of Jaclyn’s footsteps would have haunted them that night.
As she walked along, she knew what she wanted to find: any documentation linking Chillings with Saturday’s attacks. She pulled the iPad out and turned it on. The home screen immediately popped up and she thumbed through the applications, wondering which ones she would need tonight. One read Keyless Entry, another indicated Keys, Keys, Everywhere! 
She tapped the icon for Keys, Keys, Everywhere! twice. The screen shifted in a spin, only to reveal Parkerhurst’s face.
Jaclyn smiled.
The quartermaster’s voice greeted her. 
“Hello, Snapshot. Welcome to your new iPad, and the Keys, Keys, Everywhere! application. You will use this application when you encounter a standard key lock. Double click – erm, sorry; I mean press this icon once,” — Parkerhurst pointed to the lower right-hand corner of the device, where a new icon sprang from its depths — “to produce a key. Try it.”
Thankful for the on-the-go tutorial, Jaclyn did as Parkerhurst instructed. Half a heartbeat later, a small panel on the device’s left side clicked open, revealing a bronze key.
“You will see, Snapshot, that this key can open 99 percent of the country’s locks.”
Jaclyn grimaced. She figured that was another reason why Parkerhurst told her not to lose the iPad. She slapped the panel shut.
“The Keyless Entry icon allows you to subvert any security system and pass into the building undetected. Good luck, Snapshot.” The image of Parkerhurst winked out, revealing the iPad home screen once again.
Jaclyn kept the iPad on as she walked closer to Chillings’ plant.
She arrived within five minutes, finding the entrance her GPS pointed out to her as she crossed the wide parking lot on the north side. She looked around and saw no one walking about, but she did not trust the eyes underneath the Foster Grants. A tractor-trailer drove past on the highway, its multiple axles clunking about as it turned slightly to the right, meandering around Fitton Field.
“HUD, implement heat sensor arrays. I want to know what I’m dealing with inside – and outside, if possible.”
The HUD’s lenses came alive with a diagram of the building, spread across what served her for vision. From her vantage point, there were several people walking about, as their heat profile radiated outward. There was only one person, though, walking along on this side of the two-story building. 
“Good,” Jaclyn said. “There’s only one person to neutralize. Hopefully he won’t shed some light on me before I get the chance to knock his lights out.”
She drew her crossbow from within her utility belt, turning her wrists and depressing buttons until she had the device fully formed. She pointed it toward the second story roof and triggered the cable mechanism. The cable shot out with a thwoof, the grappling hook flying over the eaves and latching on to something solid. Jaclyn wasn’t sure if it was wood, metal, mineral or vegetable. She didn’t care what it held on to as long as it could hold her weight.
Jaclyn closed her eyes and nibbled her lip as she pressed the secondary trigger, allowing her to scale the building without heavy exertion. She climbed five feet, eight feet and then ten, bringing her to the top of the first level, her feet touching solid ground once more. She flicked a switch, cutting off the servos that pulled her up before pressing the switch to release the grappling hook. The cable slid into the crossbow. Jaclyn returned it to her utility belt and pulled the iPad out in its place.
Her fingers deftly danced across the iPad’s screen as she searched for it, pressing the Keyless Entry icon as soon as she found it. Somehow, the icons shifted about as she walked to Chillings’ plant. Gravel crunched under her boots as she walked to the first door she found. Jaclyn put the iPad portrait-like against the doorjamb and pressed the icon that runs the program.
Nothing happened.
Grimacing, Jaclyn pressed it again before words flashed upon the tablet’s screen: No security system detected.
You’re kidding me, she thought. I would have thought that Chillings would want to keep his closest secrets guarded from industrial espionage.
She shrugged and slapped at the air, her hand stopping waist-height. “That was easy,” she said, opening the door as quietly as she could before she slipped in. She readied a Walther and edged into a short corridor. 
Jaclyn could hear her own breathing as she inched her way inside, trying to keep her footsteps as soft as possible. The corridor consisted of linoleum tiling, much akin to that found on a kitchen floor or a small bathroom. Steam vented up ahead. Sweat cascaded down her face, stinging her eyes and dripping into her ear canal. Droplets stubbornly held onto her skin, as if daring her to make a move, daring her to wipe them away. She did not yield to their demands. She hoped her HUD would not short out, especially being so far from not only Boston, but Washington, too. If the HUD went, she would literally have to fight blind.
Not that it would be a problem for Jaclyn, however: She hadn’t moved two feet when she recalled her training prior to receiving the HUD. At 16 years old, Dupuis made her fight without it until she learned to use the other senses God blessed her with in order to defend herself. Dupuis had explained that there was always the chance the HUD, at the time experimental equipment, would not work properly as they used relatively primitive technology at that time. It meant Jaclyn would have to fall back within herself if the HUD failed, and she would have to overcome her disabilities in order to achieve success in her mission. Bruised and battered over a period of a week, Jaclyn finally managed to defeat six men, all fully trained Navy SEALs, in hand-to-hand combat just by listening for their footsteps and smelling the pheromones they emitted. She kicked and punched and spun in such a roundhouse fashion that Dupuis finally called her off after beating one so badly, breaking his nose and two ribs. 
Jaclyn stepped out onto the metal catwalk and took a face full of steam, making her stagger back toward the corridor. 
Her HUD blared in her ear just as the gloved hand covered her mouth.
Without a gun in her hands, Jaclyn reached up and tried to pry her assailant’s hand away from her face. She expected a regular glove on her mouth, but she felt heavy leather instead. She didn’t know what to make of that at first, only that she knew she couldn’t bite down unless she wanted to break her teeth. Her body, now taut, tried to gain an advantage over a much larger opponent but couldn’t seem to maneuver away. She pounded her fists against his arms in an attempt to dislodge it. Her training seemed ages ago.
She tried breathing through her nose and hoped this guy didn’t rub ether on his glove, but she would know soon enough if he did. Jaclyn didn’t pass out. She grew tired, though, of struggling against him. If her vision had been perfect, spots would have started dancing in front of her eyes right about now.
“Be quiet and stop fighting me, Jaclyn,” the man whispered in her ear. “I’ve already searched the entire place —”
Jaclyn finally turned and stepped inside, turning her assailant over and flipping him onto his back while drawing her Walther off her left hip. The man crashed to the catwalk, the steel groaning from the sudden assault.
Jaclyn breathed despite the racket; she thanked God the catwalk didn’t collapse under her assailant’s weight, even though the realization hit her that she needed to make an escape without completing her mission. She expected security — whatever served as security here — to come running any second now.
Then she choked when she realized whom she had just laid out.

***

“What in the name of Edgar Martinez are you doing here, Hanson?”
They had escaped together, Jaclyn using her crossbow to leave with a touch of acrobatics while Hanson, nursing a sore back, climbed down a nearby ladder. They made sure they cleared the scene before Jaclyn verbally accosted her partner.
“I could ask you the same question,” Hanson said, “but I kind of figured what was going on after you left JFK today.”
Jaclyn’s eyebrows furrowed and her mouth twisted in utter confusion.
“How?”
“Your leaving was an easy tip-off. The fact we had evidence now in our possession and we figured out what killed those people and you leaving at that point told me you were up to something.”
“And how did you know I was coming here?” The pair stood just after the College Square off-ramp from 290, facing each other. Jaclyn finally got a better look at what Hanson had on, and it was a wonder she didn’t shoot him inside the plant. He wore black from head to toe, much like Jaclyn, except his boots resembled those worn by Infantrymen. He had tucked the black pants into the boots. Hanson wore a thin belt with a sidearm holster and a seven-inch dagger. He wore a thin long sleeved shirt that looked like it came out of the Under Armour catalog, and on his hands, the gloves Jaclyn got to know so intimately only a few minutes ago.
“It’s simple. The look you gave me last night when Chillings spoke. I’m not just a dumb and stupid-looking bodyguard, you know.”
For the first time in a little while, Jaclyn offered a genuine smile.
They resumed walking back toward Holy Cross and Jaclyn’s Porsche.
“How’s your back?”
“Sore. I’m going to have impressions of the steel on my back for at least a week; Ciara’s going to think some dominatrix whipped me. I never took this kind of a punishment when I entered the service.”
“I did. I know how you feel. How did you end up getting here?”
“I took the train in.”
Jaclyn shook her head. She wanted to take the train, but thankfully chose otherwise. 
Of course, she would have known earlier that Hanson was on to her.
“I knew you were coming, so —”
“So you expected a ride home?”
“Pretty much, yes.”
“You didn’t wear this out here, did you?”
“Negative. I wore civvies and changed after the sun went down.”
“Where’s your stuff then?”
Hanson looked around along the edge of the tree line and spotted a yellow ribbon around a tall pine. He pointed.
“Simple, really, the logic behind it. Everyone tied yellow ribbons around trees during the First Gulf War, and once again eight years ago. Putting my duffel there made sense, at least to me.”
“Smart move. Hopefully no one touched it.”
Hanson ducked under the branches as he disappeared into the darkness. He emerged ten seconds later, his duffel in his hand. 
Jaclyn noticed the gloves again, and she looked at them as if for the first time and not clamped over her mouth.
“What kind of gloves are those?”
This time, Hanson grinned.
“They’re a new style of gauntlets,” he explained. “They’re prototypes, actually; kind of like your HUD was whenever you got it. Parkerhurst dropped them off when he arrived. He said he wanted me to test them out.”
“What do they do?” Jaclyn asked.
“You know how there really wasn’t any security?”
She nodded.
Hanson punched his left hand several times.
“They’re not waking up any time soon. One of them carried a knife and tried to slice at the back of my hand; it didn’t even dent.”
Jaclyn’s eyes widened.
“I want gauntlets,” she said. Hanson laughed.
“They definitely work. I’ll have to send a report to Parkerhurst in the morning.”
“Now if you took out security,” Jaclyn surmised, “then why the hell aren’t we still in there searching for evidence of Chillings’ involvement?”
“There’s nothing to search for.”
“What?” she asked in disbelief.
“I searched the office, the boardroom, there are no filing cabinets there. There’s nothing here except the water bottling plant.”
“So we went on a wild goose chase.”
“Two separate wild goose chases,” Hanson corrected. “It could have been one if you let me in on your plan, partner.”
Jaclyn quieted down as they walked toward College Street. Hanson just whistled.
As they approached the driveway, Jaclyn drew her iPad out and began removing the security system.
“Remote locks through an iPad? That’s pretty sweet. What kind of wheels did they give you?”
Hanson never got that last word out. A clunk hit the pavement. He lost his voice on sight of Jaclyn’s Porsche.
Jaclyn grinned under her Foster Grants as the screen showed a wave of green passing over the car, the system deactivated. 
“How is it that the rest of us government schleps get Ford sedans while you get a Porsche?”
“It’s not just any Porsche. It’s a 918 Spyder,” Jaclyn teased and avoided the question before she turned into Parkerhurst and rattled off the standard features for her partner. She said nothing about the non-standard features: Dupuis had said Hanson was on a need-to-know basis.
“It’s registered in New Hampshire?” Hanson asked, seeing the forest green numbers and letters bisected by the iconic Old Man In The Mountain on Jaclyn’s license plate.
“And a couple of other states, too. Get in the car so we can get the hell out of here.” Jaclyn opened the driver’s side door, seeing Hanson’s confusion. “I don’t want to be seen here if we don’t have to be.”
Hanson picked up his duffel and walked to the passenger side.
“I want a Porsche.”
Jaclyn grinned as she gunned the engine and backed out of the driveway, turning on the air conditioning and let it blow over them. The pair made their way back to Interstate 290 and the direction of Eastern Massachusetts.

Chapter 16
En route to Chestnut Hill, Mass.
Tuesday, July 20, 2011 — 3:45 a.m.

Jaclyn’s roundabout route from Worcester took nearly an hour to get to Hanson’s house. They had quite a bit of time to kill, so they discussed the investigation.
“I did some digging while you were gallivanting around Boston yesterday,” Hanson said as soon as Jaclyn pulled onto Interstate 495 Northbound.
“And?”
“After you left, I started monitoring the Worcester area’s police band frequencies. At about fourteen hundred hours, Boylston Police received a missing person’s report. Normally that wouldn’t raise any red flags, but when the woman who made the report said that her husband never came home from his Board of Director’s meeting —”
“I just had a nasty shiver go up my spine, Hanson. Don’t tell me —”
“— at Arctic Breeze, Inc.”
“I told you not to tell me.” Jaclyn’s knuckles turned bone white. She sighed. “Damn it. Anyway, keep going.”
“You sure?”
“Absoposilutely.”
“The police go there and take their report. As they’re leaving, a car comes barreling down the road, the passenger side window rolls down, guy in a mask sticks a machine gun out.”
“I don’t like where this is going.”
“Guy with the machine gun opens fire on the cops. The woman’s scared shitless, she ducks back in the house as soon as the bullets start flying, but they hit her in the leg as she’s scurrying back.”
“Not a good day for Mrs. Board of Director then,” Jaclyn surmised. “How old is she?”
“About 60ish.”
“The first thing to go is the speed. God, I hope that doesn’t happen to me.”
“Yeah, well, she managed to call the police back and let them know what happened.”
“I take it the cops couldn’t —”
“They’ll never work a Tahanto basketball detail again. Or any detail, for that matter.”
“Christ.”
“So that brought us in. They took the lady to a hospital in Worcester while the two cops were left on her front lawn. Cruisers and SUVs filled the street by the time we got there. I’ll tell you, these people had a nice view of the Wachusett Reservoir and everything. Anyway, we took over the investigation from there; I told them it was now a federal matter. They didn’t like it one bit. Of course, they were probably bored and wanted something to do, so we put them on protection detail for when they released the old woman from the hospital.”
“I take it there’s not much to do in Boylston.”
“Unless you live in Worcester, Fitchburg, Leominster, Auburn or Millbury, there’s not much to do in Central Massachusetts.”
“I take it you know a little bit about that.”
“Born and raised in Fitchburg. Graduated from Fitchburg High, Class of 1990.”
“I was only three years old when you graduated.”
Hanson turned and flashed a wry grin. Jaclyn mirrored it, even though she kept her eyes on the road.
“Thanks, Jaclyn.”
“Don’t mention it.”
“So getting back to the investigation.”
“Yes.”
“What Chillings said about the Board of Directors the other night gave me a brainstorm. I called up Daly —”
“You mean Salt?”
“Salt?”
“We wanted to call him Saltine, you know, because he’s the computer cracker,” Jaclyn said. Hanson snorted. “But he explained some computerized bull shit about algorithms and encryption and said the key to all of that was salt, so we shortened his code name because the kid is just so brilliant.”
“Is he a boyfriend of yours?”
Jaclyn blushed.
“Um, no. Never had one, and I don’t think I ever will.”
“Shame. Anyway, we called up Salt and had him hack into Chillings’ computer network; we didn’t think Chillings would go and give us the list of his company’s board member’s home addresses, so we had to go and take it.”
“That may come back and haunt our asses if it gets to trial.”
“If need be, we’ll secure a warrant when and if the time comes. We obtained the list and I sent agents to their homes. None of the Board of Directors were home, and neither were their families — at least that’s how it looked at first.”
“At first? What do you mean?”
“We knocked on their doors and no one answered.” Hanson reached into his bag and pulled out a bottled water. “Would you like one?” 
Jaclyn shook her head.
“Well,” Hanson said, twisting the cap and drinking deeply, “we went around to the neighbors houses and asked them if they saw any of the board members of their families that day. Each one of them said that they hadn’t.
“I took a peek in one garage and saw a car there, so I figured they had to be home. I twisted the front door knob and entered.
“I wished I hadn’t.”
Jaclyn froze.
“Dead?”
Hanson touched his nose.
“I hate it when I’m right.”
“We called the other units and told them to check the front doors. All were unlocked, all the occupants dead.”
“Except the one woman at that house in Boylston overlooking the reservoir is still alive.”
“Right.”
“Maybe we should go interview her.”
“At four in the morning? No, I just want to slide into bed next to my wife, who, I hope, is home by now.”
“So we can go interview her tomorrow.”
“We can do that.”
They rode silently for the rest of the trip north on 495 before Jaclyn turned off at the junction with Route 2 east. By the time they reached the Concord Rotary, Hanson’s eyes had nearly shut. 
Jaclyn whacked him on the arm. 
“Stay awake. I may be able to navigate highways by myself, but I don’t know where you live.”
“Sorry about that. It’s been almost a full day that I’ve been awake.”
“Same here.”
“I’ve heard you have the ability to not sleep a lot and still manage to maintain your sanity.”
“It happens.”
“You need your sleep though, Jaclyn.”
“There’ll be plenty of time to sleep when I’m dead.”
“You may find yourself that way sooner than you think if you don’t get enough rest.”
“Are you going to turn into my father now, Hanson? I wouldn’t try it if I were you; you don’t have enough stars to pull it off.”
Silence filled the space between the partners as Jaclyn sped along Route 2 at a hearty 60 mile per hour clip.
There was only one problem with that. The section she drove on was only 45 miles per hour.
Flashing blue lights tried to keep pace with the Porsche. Jaclyn noticed them, and so did Hanson.
“Aren’t you going to slow down?”
“Nope.”
The level of nervousness increased tenfold.
Jaclyn grinned and hit another switch.
“Just what exactly happened now?” Hanson asked, his voice trembling with a touch of panic.
“We won’t have any more trouble out of them.”
“Unless they put out a BOLO, which means we won’t have any less trouble out of any other agency that finds us.”
“If they put out a BOLO, it’s a BOLO for a Porsche 918 Spyder with New Hampshire plates.”
“Right.”
“We’re now in a Porsche 918 Spyder with Rhode Island plates.”
“I should have guessed.” Hanson looked like he was about to pass out.
“Calm yourself, Mark. There’s nothing to worry about.”
“Going to be my mother now, Jaclyn?”
Silence filled the space again, until Jaclyn released a heavy laugh as Crosby’s Corner approached. Jaclyn moved into the left-hand lane and prepared to make the hard right-hand turn that made up the Concord-Lincoln town line. The car slid through the slipstream and made the turn — only to see a fleet of Lincoln and state police cruisers blocking the way at the top of the first hill.
“Oh, fuck me,” Hanson breathed.
“Sorry, you’re married.”
“They must have called ahead. There’s no way to avoid this.”
“Wanna make a bet?”
Hanson looked at her in disbelief.
Jaclyn’s hands returned to the center console. Her right index finger rested alongside one long blue switch, as if tickling it with the pad.
The Porsche flew forward.
The barricade came closer.
Gritting her teeth, Jaclyn waited until it was impossible to wait any longer.
“Brace yourself!”
She hit the switch, the click sending their respective hearts into their throats.
Servos turned. The tires stopped spinning. But the car didn’t stop moving. 
Instead, it launched itself off the pavement at such a high rate of speed that its momentum carried it over the police barricade, the Porsche’s tires easily clearing the cruisers’ roofs by two feet. Jaclyn and Hanson didn’t even see the officers below, ducking their heads as the car passed over them.
“Holy shit, that was a fucking rush and a half!” Hanson exclaimed after the Porsche dropped back to the pavement and continued on its way. “What kind of neutron bomb am I riding in, Jaclyn?”
“That, Hanson, is classified.”
Hanson’s eyes bugged out. 
“I want one,” he repeated.
Jaclyn just smirked as she drove on, flipping the plates to Massachusetts again. She easily found the on-ramp for Interstate 95.

***

Less than half an hour later, Jaclyn pulled up to Hanson’s house, a small white ranch at the far end of Mendenhall Street. The sun’s first light appeared over the horizon.
“Go back to the hotel and get some sleep. I don’t want to see you until at least 2 o’clock this afternoon.”
“Don’t worry about it,” Jaclyn said as she smiled. “Once I get back there and report in, I’ll sleep until Wednesday.”
“Don’t do that; you’ll make me look bad. Good night, Jaclyn.” Hanson winked before he closed the door.
Jaclyn made sure he got to his front door. She watched him walking, and for some strange reason, she felt a pang of jealousy for Ciara. She would get to sleep with her husband, while Jaclyn had to sleep in a cold, unloving hotel room. She didn’t know why those feelings suddenly sprouted in her mind and in her heart. 
It was probably the wink, she thought. 
Jaclyn sighed. During the past decade, she never had time for love. She only wanted to help defend her country and keep it safe from terrorist bastards like bin Laden or Massouai, and that was why she firmed her defenses in more ways than just one. She defended the weak, and love, in her opinion, weakened her heart. She needed to be strong. Love could wait.
She shifted those thoughts to the side just before Hanson’s house exploded.
The fireball rolled outward and upward, catching a nearby tree and setting it alight. Jaclyn’s HUD dampened the flames’ light as she turned to the sound.
“Hanson!” she breathed before she got out of the Porsche and ran around the front. She trotted as quickly as she could up the long lawn. She saw Hanson laying face down on the ground. Flames tickled his body. He didn’t move.
“Shit!” Jaclyn exclaimed as she moved toward Hanson.
The second explosion startled her even more than the first. It knocked Jaclyn back on her ass. 
She groaned as she got up and crawled on her hands and knees to Hanson’s side. She dug deep within her and rolled him over in an attempt to suffocate the flames. Once they were out, she felt his neck for a pulse.
It was slow.
“Oh, shit.” She dug out her BlackBerry and immediately called 9-1-1. It rang once.
“This is Agent Jaclyn Johnson with the CIA. I need fire and rescue crews to 10532 Mendenhall right away. An agent was injured in an explosion.”
Kneeling on the grass while the flames roasted her from a safe distance, Jaclyn listened as the dispatcher said they’d send units right away before she hung up. 
“Help is coming, Hanson. Stay with me.”
Hanson didn’t hear a word she said.

Chapter 17
Massachusetts State House, Boston, Mass.
Tuesday, July 20, 2011 — 10 a.m.

Harper’s press agent had the release and media packets ready to go by the time the representative arrived in his office that morning. He had promised the press more incriminating evidence on Sarah Kendall and her administration.
He would certainly deliver.
“Alright,” Harper said, “take the release down to the pressroom. Let them know they can come up to here and talk to me after they’ve digested what’s in front of them — and I don’t mean the éclairs.”
“You got it.” The press agent departed.
Five minutes later, the press agent returned, the State House press corps hot on his heels.
Harper grinned.
Just as I suspected, he thought.
“Good morning, everyone. Glad to see you put your track shoes on,” he said. Only a few chuckles greeted him out of the five reporters — three print, one radio and one television — who entered his suite. “How about we get right to the questions? I’m sure you have better things to do today than talk with little old me.”
The reporters didn’t waste any time.
“Representative Harper, can you explain why you’ve chosen to attack President Harper in the opening days of your campaign?”
Harper expected this. He expected it to come out during yesterday’s news conference, actually. The fact it didn’t register in his mind until they came to the Massachusetts Turnpike shocked him more than anything else that day.
“The American people,” he began, “need to know about the corruption. Everyone says politicians are corrupt, but never offer facts. They never offer concrete evidence. It’s just sludge in the works. Capitol Hill comes to a standstill. The evidence I offer you today is entirely concrete.”
“The release says embezzlement by a member of the Kendall Administration. Can you tell us who it is?”
“The release actually indicated who it is, but I’ll tell you anyway. It’s Dick Bennett.”
The reporters didn’t gasp or talk among themselves as Harper finished. They read the release and acknowledged it. Pens scribbled silently across their notebooks.
“So,” asked the reporter representing a pair of dailies in the northern half of the state, “what exactly was it that Bennett allegedly did?”
“In my eyes, Bennett didn’t allegedly do anything,” Harper shot back. “He damn well did what I’m alleging, and you can print that.”
That time, the reporters chuckled.
“Dick Bennett used embezzled funds to buy weapons for Israel in their continued war against the Palestinians,” he said. “Drug funds from Central America — which country it was, I don’t know; you’d have to ask the White House — were laundered by Bennett and sent to an intermediary. They, in turn, sent weapons to Israel. My press officer has my sources; they freely gave me this information.”
“Do you know if President Kendall had knowledge about the deal?”
“That I can’t say,” Harper replied. “Another thing you’d have to ask the White House. I can tell you what I think, though.”
“And what’s that?”
“I can only play the good old guilt by association card. If Bennett did this, we can only presume that he did it with the full knowledge of the Oval Office. Look at it this way: Israel is our ally, regardless of what they may or may not have done last year. What happens to Israel is just the same as having it happen to the United States. So speculation or not, the fact Dick Bennett is the White House Chief of Staff means, at least to me as a citizen, that President Kendall knew about the deal, or authorized it entirely. I mean, she does receive an intelligence briefing about the events around the world, right? I would think that would fall under that heading.”
“So are you saying the intelligence community knows about this, too?”
“That I’m not saying,” Harper said. “Bennett lets her know of everything going on in her administration, and they’ve known each other for years. I wouldn’t be shocked if Bennett told her about his idea, or the other way around, and Bennett either took it upon himself or acted under her orders. It doesn’t seem out of the realm of possibility for that to happen, right?”
The press corps couldn’t shake their heads. 
“Representative Harper, you said a few minutes ago that politicians are corrupt. Are you on the up and up then, or are there stories about you that are just waiting to be exposed?”
“Innocent until proven guilty, I think,” he said with a smirk. “The evidence I have shows that President Kendall, the leader of the free world, is certainly not. I’m sure there are skeletons in my closet, but who knows where the key is? I certainly don’t. I may have thrown it in the Blackstone River at some point.”
When no other questions came at him, Harper thanked the reporters for coming up for their story. They departed, talking among themselves about Harper’s comments as they walked back to the pressroom.
When they departed, he waited for the fallout from Washington to begin. It wouldn’t be long.
He turned on the big-screen television and leaned back, waiting for the news to start broadcasting about this story an hour later. It would have top billing on every network, and would be above the fold in all the newspapers.
Harper didn’t care who he hurt now. He didn’t care that the information he had could damage reputations. They were all in it together as far as he was concerned, and they could all burn in hell. He would take them down a peg at a time, each time inching him closer and closer to his dream, of representing the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and of following in his late father’s footsteps.
His eyes smoldered fiercely as he stared at the television.

***

Oval Office, White House, Washington, D.C.
Tuesday, July 20, 2011 — 12:10 p.m.

“He’s done it again,” Bennett said as he entered the Oval Office. “And this time, he’s throwing me under the bus with you.”
“What? Why?” Kendall said, sitting at her desk. 
“The weapons,” Bennett said. His eyes, full of intensity and fear, lay on Kendall alone. “The ones we got for Israel along with the money from Panama. We’re beyond fucked now, Sarah.”
Kendall dropped her pen and put her elbows on the Resolute Desk before she ran her fingers through her hair. She pulled the scalp backward, her eyes widening as the skin grew taut. The president dragged her hands forward and rubbed her eyes, the heavy flesh mining for her sinus cavity.
“This is certainly unexpected,” she said, “but not necessarily uncontrollable.”
“The conservatives will shit a brick.”
“Like that will be different from any other day,” Kendall muttered. “Maybe the second amendmenters will applaud me.”
“And our own party will string us up, too,” Bennett cautioned. “Remember how two days ago I said we wouldn’t get out of New Hampshire with how things are going for us? I doubt we’ll even get there now that this news is out.”
Kendall looked to the picture of the 2004 Red Sox World Series parade, before she picked up her pen with a slight smile. “We’ve been in tough spots before, Dick. We’ve managed to get ourselves out of them before, we’ll get ourselves out of trouble now. New Hampshire doesn’t matter right now; only getting the anti-abortion bill passed matters to me. When we get that passed, we can worry about New Hampshire. I’m taking this one thing at a time.”
“We may not even get that bill passed now.”
“You’re just a spring of positivity today, huh.” Kendall scratched her name on another bill. “Have you noticed that I’ve been signing quite a bit of new legislation lately? It’s like Congress actually did something during their days. I feel like I’ve been buried in an avalanche of funding amendments.”
Bennett scowled. He did not appreciate the levity.
“This isn’t a joking matter. I mean it, Sarah. If you thought you were taking heat from everything that happened with LA and everything that happened yesterday, just imagine how the switchboard and the servers are going to handle the influx of calls and e-mails from this BS.”
“Do what I did: Just put duct tape on your phone to cover up the blinking lights and turn off your computer,” Kendall replied, not looking up. “Here’s another bill for railroad infrastructure improvements in my home state. I bet this guy doesn’t get accused of siphoning the federal budget to help pay for it.”
Bennett slammed his hands down on Kendall’s desk. Kendall looked up and only saw the blood in her chief of staff’s face.
“Why aren’t you taking this seriously? Damn it, this is your presidency on the line!”
“Dick, you slam your hands down on my desk one more time, and I’ll have the Secret Service make you take a nap.”
Bennett slowly removed his hands, all while staring the president down.
“I am taking this seriously. I don’t, however, have any wish to engage Jeff in a character debate.”
“You don’t or you can’t?”
Kendall stared daggers at him.
“You know I can’t.”
“He needs to be controlled.”
“You of all people know I can’t control him! No one can! And it’s not like I can call him and tell him to stop it, either.”
“Because of what happened between you two?”
Kendall nodded.
“It was 13 years ago, Sarah! He has to have grown up and matured in 13 years!”
The president’s eyes widened.
“Are you hearing yourself, Dick? You came in here not three minutes ago complaining about him throwing you under the bus. You came in here yesterday to tell me about the MBTA funding. Tomorrow he may come up with something else. Now answer your own question: Has he grown up in 13 years? Has he matured?”
Bennett stood there mulling Kendall’s words over. He chewed at his cheek while his nostrils flared and his lips slithered about. Bennett finally closed his eyes and shook his head.
“I see your point,” he said. “What should the official White House statement say?”
“Have the press corps asked for something yet?”
“Not yet, but you know they’ll want something soon, especially when their editors start blowing up their cell phones. We might as well be prepared and give them something.”
 “In other words, a denial at the very least.”
“The American people won’t buy it, and we’ll be hard pressed to sell it.”
This time, Kendall performed the dubious task of mulling over someone’s words. She turned and looked out toward the South Lawn, getting lost in its greenery. She stood there for nearly a minute.
“Madame President?”
Kendall ignored Bennett. She rested her head against the window frame.
“Sarah? We need to make a decision about a statement.”
“What do you want me to do, Dick?” Kendall asked, exasperated.
Bennett stared hard.
“I want you to go to war, damn it,” he said, walking toward her. “You need to show him that you’re not going to let him kick you around when he should go after his opponent. I want you to be the Sarah Kendall that ran a kick-ass campaign three years ago. I want to see the Sarah Kendall that had the press eating out of her hand, the Sarah Kendall that went into Iowa and the primaries with all guns blazing. The Sarah Kendall that took no prisoners and won November in the largest landslide since Harding thumped Cox. 
“Where is she, Sarah? Where did she go? The Sarah Kendall I know, the Sarah Kendall I admire and respect, wouldn’t let a wet-behind-the-ears newbie talk shit. She’d put the little snot in his place. Where is that Sarah Kendall?”
He stared at her for a few seconds, as if waiting for an answer. He walked away and left the Oval Office.
Kendall sighed and turned back to the South Lawn.
“I don’t know any more, Dick,” she whispered to the glass as a tear rolled down her cheek.
Tom, she thought, why is he doing this?

Chapter 18
Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, Mass.
Tuesday, July 20, 2011 — 12:30 p.m.

Jaclyn hadn’t slept yet. 
Doctors and nurses poured around Hanson as soon as the ambulance screamed into Boston proper, putting a brief dent in the morning rush. Jaclyn followed in the Porsche, keeping pace with the ambulance. She already called Dupuis, waking her from a sound sleep and letting her know what happened to not only her partner, but to her aborted mission to Worcester. The director promised her she would fly to Boston.
That was seven hours ago, and Dupuis had yet to arrive, and neither had Hanson’s wife.
Jaclyn still wore the Lycra jumpsuit and the accompanying Walther handguns. She received plenty of stares as she paced the floor, waiting for someone to tell her anything about Hanson’s condition. 
They had him in a glass-enclosed room. An oxygen mask covered his mouth, pumping air into his lungs. Wires ran over his chest to a monitor on the side. Hideous burns ravaged his flesh. Jaclyn stared and wondered if he would live, let alone recover from his horrific injuries. She could see through her HUD that his eyes hadn’t opened.
Jaclyn trembled as she took a deep breath.
While she drove back to Boston from Chestnut Hill, she had no thoughts about what happened in the seconds after Hanson said good night and before he became engulfed in flames. Now, with ample time to think, she wanted to return to the highway and get lost on the winding roads of Massachusetts.
She wondered exactly what happened and how the local authorities would categorize the explosion. She doubted highly that Chillings had anything whatsoever to do with this: She never gave him Hanson’s name two nights ago, nor would he have been able to ascertain his identity in any other fashion. Jaclyn prayed it was only a gas explosion.
She already had 46 lives to avenge. She didn’t want to add another.
She didn’t even hear the door to the ward open.
“Jaclyn.”
She turned and saw Alex Dupuis walking in, a look of concern on her face.
Jaclyn wasted no time and practically ran into her arms. She finally let loose her emotions, drenching Dupuis’ jacket.
“Let’s find a safe room here,” the director said. “We need to talk.”
The two women found a small conference room near Hanson. Dupuis shut the door and locked it, then produced a similar gray cube that Jaclyn used when in conversation over the phone. Dupuis pressed a button, making the room eavesdrop-proof.
“How’s he doing?”
“He’s not doing too hot, if you’ll excuse the terminology. Third-degree burns all over his body. Luckily he had the presence of mind to roll when the fireball consumed him, so he extinguished most of the flames himself. The second explosion knocked me backward as I tried to get to him, so I think the flames got more of him than he intended by the time I got there to douse them.
“Where’s Hanson’s wife, Alex? Why isn’t she here?”
Dupuis took a deep breath and sat down. She motioned for Jaclyn to take a seat, as well.
“This situation is classified at the highest levels, but I know I can trust you. Ciara is listed as the head of the Boston bureau, but she is no longer among the living.”
“What?!”
“Ciara was one of the people who died Saturday.”
Jaclyn’s face fell.
“Oh, shit. Wait — then why did you pair Hanson with me? Wouldn’t he be a little too close to the investigation?”
“We were a little worried about that. We didn’t like the fact that we had two clandestine officers in the same family, especially since they have kids.”
Jaclyn recalled that Hanson said their kids were at Ciara’s parents the other day while she worked an overnight shift. He also mentioned his wife last night in a joking manner. She figured he tried to suppress his memory of her death with the wisecracks.
Her heart broke for Hanson.
“But he wanted to stay close. He wanted to make sure the job was done right,” Dupuis said. 
Jaclyn wanted to take offense to this, but smart thinking prevailed. She knew many regarded her as the new kid on the block, and would for quite some time. It would take a long time before she became a seasoned veteran, an agent one could trust.
She had Dupuis’ trust, along with the president’s trust. She could live with that.
“That’s completely understandable.” Jaclyn yawned. “So what’s next? I have no leads right now and no idea where Chillings may have stashed his information.”
“The first thing you’re going to do, Snapshot, is get some rest. You’ve been on your feet for over 24 hours. You are off-duty until tomorrow.”
“You know I don’t know the meaning of the word off-duty, Chief.”
“You’ll learn the meaning today. After that, you’re pretty much on your own; Hanson is out of action, and we don’t have any other agents that can handle the assignment. They’d be behind the 8-ball as it is.”
Jaclyn gave a resigned nod with her eyes closed, the weariness hammering her. She quickly opened them as soon as she realized they had shut a few seconds later.
“Sorry about that.”
“No problem. I’m going to have someone take you to the hotel, and you are under orders not to do anything but rest. I know you can work through any adverse situation, but you’ve never been through something like this. I want you to get a shower and sleep. Order room service, if you must. What the taxpayers don’t know, they won’t mind.”
“What about the Porsche?”
“I’ll make sure the Porsche is returned to you and the matter with the state police cleared up,” Dupuis said. 
Jaclyn thought she noticed a bit of admiration out of the director as she spoke.
“Alright, I’ll head out.”
“The driver is downstairs. He’ll take you back.”
Jaclyn stood and hugged Dupuis one more time. The director held her tight, and despite not having parents for the better part of a decade, Jaclyn never felt safer.
“Thanks for flying up, Chief.”
They broke apart.
“Who said anything about flying? Why do you think it took me so long to get here?”
“No Gulfstream?”
“The Secretary of State has it.”
“Alas, the benefits of being a foreign dignitary.”
“Go get some rest.”
“Yes, Chief.”
Dupuis walked Jaclyn out of the ward after the latter took one last look at her partner through the glass.

Chapter 19
JFK Federal Building, Government Center, Boston, Mass.
Tuesday, July 20, 2011 — 7 p.m.

Jaclyn didn’t exactly listen to Dupuis’ orders that day.
She did go back to the Marriott Long Wharf as ordered. She showered — a long, hot one that made her feel like she stepped into an Amazon rain forest — and got rid of the previous night’s perspiration before she ended up falling asleep until she awoke at 6 p.m., a nap of about five hours, give or take a few minutes. Jaclyn got dressed into official clothes and took a ride toward the Haymarket subway station, where she ducked into the Dunkin’ Donuts and grabbed a plain bagel with fat free cream cheese and a small cup of coffee before she drove over to the federal building.
Once inside the air-conditioned building, she removed the gray jacket, flung it over Hanson’s chair before she sat down and tucked into her meal. She had realized she hadn’t eaten since the Sox game nearly 24 hours ago and practically devoured the bagel in only a few bites. She licked the cream cheese off her fingers.
Jaclyn took a few sips of her coffee as she reviewed Hanson’s notes. She found everything in a manila file folder marked Arctic Breeze/Nantucket Harbor. She noted how meticulous Hanson had been in his organization and research yesterday.
She felt a pang in her heart. She hoped he would pull out of it and survive.
She reviewed the case timeline, starting with the statement of a young woman named Jenny Wilson. Jaclyn read, “We were just paid to give out samples. We called the guy who hired us after we called the police, but he hasn’t called back yet.” The girl gave the investigator both her number and the name and number for her boss. Hanson hadn’t called him yet; she saw a notation in Hanson’s tidy scrawl to call him today. Jaclyn recalled his side trip to the Worcester area yesterday afternoon, which probably prevented Hanson from contacting the bottling company.
Jaclyn remembered that she had not yet spoken with anyone from Nantucket Harbor either, which caught her off guard. If they were responsible for this, she should have talked to them before today. She also recalled Nantucket Harbor hadn’t spoken much or decried the original findings that had surfaced on Sunday. She figured things had proceeded at a crazy pace over the last few days and she needed to regain control of the investigation.
She grimaced when she recalled her side adventure yesterday.
Time to get focused, Jaclyn thought. She picked up the phone and immediately punched in the number Wilson gave.
It rang once before a high-pitched squeal emitted from the receiver. 
“The number you are trying to reach, 857-206-5932, has been disconnected. No other information is available at this time. Message BG-23.”
“Damn it,” Jaclyn said as she returned the receiver to the cradle. “Fucker has probably skipped town already. We may not find that guy. He probably didn’t even work for Nantucket Harbor. I’ll find that out tomorrow when I talk to their CEO.”
She continued rifling through the timeline, including the piece of crumpled paper that had smudged ink. She looked a little closer at the report and noticed it was an autopsy.
The name Ciara Hanson, written in blue ink, stood out prominently through Jaclyn’s HUD.
She grimaced as her heart dropped. She could only wager what happened. Hanson probably sat right where she sat now and covered the autopsy report in his tears. 
Jaclyn pushed Hanson’s grief and her own grief and guilt aside as she tried reading Ciara Hanson’s autopsy report. Much like Jaclyn thought, Ciara died through Thallium Sulfate inhalation. The M.E. found a heavy amount of Thallium Sulfate residue in Ciara’s stomach and immediately decided that was the cause of death.
It was the recorded cause of death on the 45 other victims, Jaclyn saw as she flipped through them all. It only confirmed what Tulli told her and Hanson yesterday. 
She then found the phone number of the woman attacked in Boylston Sunday evening and looked at the clock. It wasn’t yet 7:30. Confident that she would not get a disconnect tone this time, she picked up the receiver and dialed the woman’s number.
It rang three times and Jaclyn became worried that her call would go to voice mail before someone could answer it.
She could hear the soft sound of a television through the line when the woman answered.
“Hello?”
Jaclyn’s first impression was that the woman possessed a melodious yet powerful voice. She wondered if the woman sang in her church.
“Good evening, Mrs. Sullivan. My name is Jaclyn Johnson, and I’m with the CIA.”
“Have you found my husband yet?”
Jaclyn bit back a curse. Of course that’s why she thinks you’re calling, she thought.
“No ma’am, we haven’t found him yet, but we are doing our level best to do so. I was wondering if it’s possible for me to drop by tonight. I can be there by 8:30 and I promise I won’t take up too much of your time.”
“I already told the police everything I know.”
Jaclyn’s heart raced and felt a bit of sweat form on the back of her neck.
“I understand that, ma’am, but I am fairly new to this side of the investigation. I’m trying to familiarize myself with all the facts in this case, and I hoped to get started on it tonight.”
“You must not have much of a home life, Miss Johnson.”
Jaclyn smiled.
“No ma’am, I don’t. I think the faster I speak with you and sit down with you, the faster I can get on the case and get your husband back to you.”
Mrs. Sullivan paused briefly before she gave a muffled “I understand.”
“I’ll be there by 8:30,” Jaclyn said. “I promise.”
“I’ll be awake. Would you like coffee or tea?”
Jaclyn looked to the cup of Dunkin’ Donuts and shook her head.
“A cup of tea would be very nice, Mrs. Sullivan. I’ll see you at 8:30.”
She hung up and looked at the clock. It read 7:31. 
“GPS,” she said, causing her HUD’s imbedded directional unit to come to life with a beep and a boop. “Plot the time and distance from the federal building to Boylston, Massachusetts for me.” She spoke the address.
Approximately 46 miles from Government Center, the HUD quickly relayed. Approximately 58 minutes of travel time.
Jaclyn grinned.
“That’s what you think,” she said as she walked down to the Porsche with as much hurry as she could muster. She exited onto Congress Street, made a turn near Faneuil Hall and headed off to Central Massachusetts.

***

DeSantis Little League Complex, Leominster, Mass.
Tuesday, July 20, 2011 — 7:32 p.m.

A late afternoon thunderstorm passed through northern Worcester County just as the caravan of cars arrived at Justin DeSantis Park for pre-game warm-ups. The teams, the champions of their respective sectional tournaments, sat huddled in their parents’ cars, waiting the storm out. The rain ended at 6, leaving the clay infield a sodden mess. Luckily, the Major Division field had excellent drainage, and after the sun tore the clouds apart, the outfield grass dried rather quickly under July’s relentless rays. Volunteers armed with bags of Speedee Dry managed to make the field playable, and thankfully, the field was equipped with floodlights, allowing for play after the sun had set.
By 7:30, North Leominster, which represented Section 1 in the Massachusetts State Little League Tournament for the second consecutive year, had taken batting practice in the cages beyond right field and their infield practice. Newton West then took the field for its 15 minutes. Mike Corbin, North Leominster’s heavy-hitting 12-year-old catcher, took his seat in the middle of the team dugout, a cold bottle of a blue sports drink in his hand, a pair of shin guards wrapped around his legs from the knee down. Droplets of cold water slipped down onto his hand while sweat poured down his face. He listened to his coach give a last minute pep talk while he pulled the bottle across his brow.  
He twisted the ribbed orange cap off and took a heavy swig, gulping down the sweet-tasting drink, once, twice, and a third time before he took a satisfying breath, the plastic wrapper crinkling as he lowered the bottle to his thigh. A hint of raspberry flavoring had washed over his tongue, and his taste buds and teeth reveled in delight. He rubbed his tongue against the roof of his mouth, savoring the flavor dancing inside.
Mike’s stomach, on the other hand, gurgled. His heart began pumping at a rapid pace. If he wasn’t sweating before, he certainly was now; a waterfall of perspiration drenched his face.
“Oh, crap,” he said. He immediately clutched his middle. “Coach, I think I’m going to be sick.”
“What’s wrong, Mike?”
“I don’t know. I just feel funny.”
“Do you need to puke?”
Mike shuddered.
“I don’t know. Maybe.”
His teammates grew alarmed. They crowded in on him quickly before the coach moved into the dugout, telling the players to get out of the way. They did as the coach said, but one called for Mike’s mother as the coach squatted in front of him. There, he saw the widened eyes and the sweat cutting into his flesh, carving riverbeds along his features.
“Was it something you ate? Are you drinking water?”
Mike shook his head and pointed to the sports drink. A single spasm wracked his gut, forcing him over double.
“I don’t know what’s going on. My stomach just hurts.”
“Did you take a dump today? Are you sure it’s not bowel pain?”
Mike nodded. His face turned white.
“Let’s get you to the bathroom just in case you need to throw up.”
The players cleared a path for Mike and the coach, and once they stepped out of the dugout, Mike’s mother came up, a look of concern for her only child on her face.
“We’re getting him to the bathroom,” the coach explained. Mike’s mother nodded.
Mike’s upper body lurched before he fell to his knees. The players, their voices and faces full of worry, rushed to the dugout fence.
They rushed back to the bench with squeals of disgust when Mike vomited all over his mother’s shoes, covering them with a healthy layer. Sweat continued dripping off his face in torrents, puddling underneath him, softening the dirt even further. The players on the field stopped their warm-ups, curiously looking at the downed player. Panic started filtering around the stands as they looked at the scene in front of the North Leominster bench.
Mike wretched again, upchucking projectile-style, his innards splattering across the grass. The North Leominster players recoiled in horror.
“Tom,” the coach said, “call 9-1-1.” The other coach had his cell phone off his clip half a heartbeat later. “Billy,” he told a player, “you’re catching. Chris, put down Mike’s drink and cap it.”
“What happened?”
The North Leominster coach turned to find his Newton West counterpart, fungo bat in hand, with a look of consideration for the youngster’s well-being clearly written across his face as he walked over.
“I don’t know. He just got sick, badly.” Mike threw up again; the Newton West coach jumped out of the way but a little bit still landed on his sneakers. “Hopefully it’s all out of his system. An ambulance is coming soon.”
Mike dropped face first in the dirt with a moan and fell to the side. His mother knelt next to him, tears running down her face. Mike’s coach looked down at his player helplessly. The league president hurried over, his face clearly worried.
Other North Leominster players started vomiting inside the dugout. The coach turned and saw several of his other players’ insides dropping to the dirty dugout floor. They grabbed at their stomachs and a few of them dropped sports drink bottles. The remaining liquid spilled out as soundlessly as it could, the splashing masked by the groans and pitiful whimpers of the young athletes.
“Jesus, what the hell?” the coach said, moving toward the dugout; Mike’s mom would look after him. The other two coaches and the league president followed him in. “What did you kids do?”
“We just had a little bit,” one of the players said, grabbing at his stomach while he pointed at the empty sports drink bottle. A small puddle of blue covered the dirt.
The coach looked from the empty bottle on the floor to the one Mike held not two minutes before, which sat upright on the bench where Chris left it. He recalled the news from Boston over the weekend and understood immediately. His eyes widened as if he stood in a waking nightmare. His breath made his teeth shudder.
“No one else touches those drinks!” he cried, taking control. “Tom, call 9-1-1 again. Tell them we need a couple of ambulances. Someone has poisoned the kids. Coach,” he said as he turned to the Newton West coach, “tell your kids not to drink any of those types of drinks if they’ve bought them from our concession stand. Hell, tell them not to even drink water unless they brought it with them.”
The Newton West coach, the look of concern quickly morphing into a look of fear, ran out of the dugout and pulled his kids off the field, explicitly telling them not to drink anything. The league president followed and, with such speed that belied his age, raced across the outfield grass toward the green building beyond left field.
A minute later, the wails of sirens coming from Route 13 blanketed North Leominster. Over in the Newton West dugout, a player began vomiting. The North Leominster coach, already with seven ill players, trotted over to the third base side of the field to check on the Newton West player. The youngster, like Mike Corbin, was on his knees, coating the chain links with a mix of half-chewed French fries and acidic fluid. His 11 teammates tried to keep as far back as they could. He saw the half-empty drink bottle, the blue liquid sitting inside its plastic container peacefully, as if portraying an innocent bystander not understanding all the panic and the chaos that erupted around it.
The coach looked from the downed Newton West player — who continued vomiting — to his own sick players, who all now lay outside of the dugout. The kids were breathing, unlike the ones in Boston.
The first ambulance arrived on Bernice Avenue, its flashing red lights a welcome sign. A full engine company followed.
The coach walked toward the EMTs with a quickened pace and wondered when the others would get here; the sirens pealed away as they approached the complex.
There will be a conga line of red headed to the hospital, the coach thought as he greeted the emergency workers. The firefighters checked on every player and radioed back to Central Station.
They told the other ambulances to hurry.

Chapter 20
Home of Dottie and Ray Sullivan, Boylston, Mass.
Tuesday, July 20, 2011 — 8:29 p.m.

Jaclyn made it to Boylston with time to spare — all 60 seconds of it.
Using the Porsche’s speed as an ally, Jaclyn managed to arrive in Boylston just when she said she would. She encountered no traffic on the Massachusetts Turnpike, Interstate 495 north or Interstate 290 west, as if the good Lord had cleared the highways just for her. As she drove along 290 through Marlborough and Northborough, her HUD informed her of her exit approaching. She turned off the highway at Church Street and turned toward Boylston, winding her way to Route 70. She directed the Porsche toward Scar Hill Road.
Only one large house sat on this road, opposite a cemetery and overlooking the vast Wachusett Reservoir, one of Boston’s primary sources of water. A rather rich family had built the house in the late 1880s; the family had influence within the Massachusetts General Court. The reservoir came a few years later to supplement Lake Cochituate, and only the house and the Old Stone Church in West Boylston remained.
Jaclyn pulled up to the house, which was set back from the road and protected by a tall gate. She surmised that it would be a task for anyone to try to climb over it; she wondered how her assailants overcame this obstacle. Pulling up to the gate, she rolled her window down and pressed a button on a square box. The disembodied voice came through the speaker and, after ascertaining her identity, admitted her.
Jaclyn pulled up to the manor a few seconds later. Three cruisers — two state police and one town — sat near the entrance. After she got out of the Porsche, she looked off toward the southern portion of the reservoir, where the sun began to set. She caught the sun’s rays beating down upon the water, masking her view of nearby West Boylston, Clinton and Sterling, located just across the way. She turned away from the sight and walked toward the home of Ray and Dottie Sullivan, her heels grinding the gravel to even smaller pieces. Four steps preceded the wide landing.
She grasped the brass knocker and clicked it three times in rapid succession.
The door opened half a minute later by a regal-looking man dressed in a butler’s uniform.
“You must be Miss Johnson,” he said in a British accent. Jaclyn nodded. “Mrs. Sullivan awaits you in the sitting room. Come this way, please.”
Jaclyn followed the butler into the luxurious home, careful not to let her HUD roam and lose all concentration on the matter at hand. If she hadn’t kept her HUD on the butler’s back, she would have swum in rivers of opulence.
The sitting room, for the most part, overlooked the reservoir. Antique furniture, arranged with two sofas and a single chair surrounding an oak coffee table, came into Jaclyn’s vision first. She noticed the yellow drapes held by a sash, and noticed how the windows sparkled under the setting sun. High above, a pair of chandeliers cast light down upon the wide room. 
Dottie Sullivan stood by the window. She turned as Jaclyn entered and walked toward the agent with her hand outstretched.
“Thank you for seeing me at such short notice, Mrs. Sullivan,” Jaclyn said, grasping it.
Mrs. Sullivan didn’t say anything. She waved Jaclyn to the sofa opposite her and sat down.
Jaclyn noticed her hostess, despite trying her best to look as young as possible, looked frazzled and nervous and several years older than she truly was. Sullivan’s manicure had turned into a shell of its former self; worry had whittled her nails down. Her hair looked kept, for the most part, but she looked like she hadn’t slept very well over the past night or so. Her hand shook as it held a thin cigarette between her fingers.
Jaclyn’s heart immediately went out to her.
“I’m sure the police have asked you anything and everything they can think of, but I hope you could go over it again with me so I have a full understanding of what happened on Sunday.”
“Of course,” Mrs. Sullivan said. “Tea?”
Jaclyn nodded before Mrs. Sullivan poured her a cup. The aroma hit Jaclyn’s nose, the smell of strawberries lifting her heart and breaking a bit of the tension filling the room. Jaclyn sipped her tea after she added two spoonfuls of sugar. It was a tad lukewarm, but she didn’t say anything.
“Tell me what happened Sunday.”
“We went to church that morning before we separated; I came home while he went to the monthly board meeting for the company he holds stock in.”
“Which company is that?”
“Arctic Breeze.”
“Don’t you think it’s a bit odd, ma’am, that Arctic Breeze held a Board of Directors meeting on a Sunday and not during the work week?”
Mrs. Sullivan nodded.
“I do, but it is the summer: it was the last meeting before the board members went off to Maine or the Cape or Newport for the rest of the season,” the woman reasoned. “They had to get it in.”
“And you haven’t seen your husband since then.”
Mrs. Sullivan shook her head this time.
“Did he say what time he would come home?”
Once again, Mrs. Sullivan shook her head. 
Jaclyn noticed the woman was near tears.
“What time did you separate on Sunday?”
Mrs. Sullivan turned her head toward the ceiling, trying to remember. Jaclyn sat patiently.
“It was about 10:15, 10:20 or something like that. We took separate cars; he wanted to be on time for the meeting. I came home to get lunch prepared for him; he likes barbecued meatloaf sandwiches with a beer on Sunday. He just didn’t come home.”
She closed her eyes tight and shook with silent sobs. Jaclyn wished she had a handkerchief to hand her, but she didn’t have her purse. She watched helplessly as a tear ran down Mrs. Sullivan’s cheek.
“And then Sunday night, what happened?” Jaclyn said as soon as the woman’s eyes opened once again.
“I didn’t wait 24 hours to call the police, obviously. The fact he didn’t come home bothered me enough to call them straight away; my husband is punctual as a rule.”
Jaclyn stifled a grin; so far, that was three men who liked to stay on time. She wondered how many more she would encounter.
“Maybe the meeting ran late?”
“After a couple of hours I called the company to make sure he hadn’t left, but Mr. Chillings’ assistant said the meeting adjourned at about 1:30 that afternoon. I know my husband would come right home and not make any detours along the way.”
“Which way would he have come home from the meeting?”
Mrs. Sullivan explained that he would have taken Interstate 290 to the Route 70 turning toward Boylston.
“It would have brought him right here, pretty much.”
“So you called the police and they came to see you.”
“Yes. They weren’t here long. They just took down my report as well as a photo of Ray. They couldn’t have been here for more than 10 minutes before they left. Well, tried to leave.”
Jaclyn knew what was next, but Mrs. Sullivan didn’t know that she knew.
“What happened when they tried to leave, Mrs. Sullivan?”
“A car drove onto the property — I didn’t close the gate from inside like we normally do after our guests come through — and began shooting. I remember I stood at the door and watched the police leave, but the men shot them before they got to their cars. They got me in the leg as I dove aside. The hospital gave me painkillers, but I didn’t take any of them. It was just a scratch, really.” She lifted her pant leg and showed her guest the scratch. Jaclyn looked at it and nodded grimly.
“Have the police found anything yet? Or have they told you they found your husband?”
Mrs. Sullivan shook her head.
“No, they haven’t.”
Jaclyn firmed her lips.
“And nothing on the shooters, either?”
“No. Can you find him, Miss Johnson?”
Jaclyn stood and helped Mrs. Sullivan to her feet.
“At this point in my investigation, it’s too early to say. Hopefully we can find him. I’ll go back to Boston and we’ll make sure that we have agents to scour the area from here to Worcester.”
Mrs. Sullivan broke down again. Jaclyn helped her to her seat before the butler came back in. 
“We’ll find your husband, as well as the bastards who tried to kill you.”
She apologized and excused herself from the sitting room, digging out her cell phone as she went toward the door.
Jaclyn didn’t ask Mrs. Sullivan one important thing. She knew asking her would be pointless, as the woman would have absolutely no idea about it at all — unless she read the newspaper yesterday. 
Mrs. Sullivan had no idea about Chillings now owning the Sullivans’ stock, not to mention all of the board members’ stock, in Arctic Breeze. She hadn’t heard about it. Jaclyn recalled once she stepped outside that Chillings made that announcement Sunday night, after the board meeting, after Ray Sullivan and the other board members adjourned the meeting. The woman was only X amount poorer, but not by much.
As Jaclyn dialed Dupuis’ number, she knew that Ray Sullivan and the other board members were dead. That much appeared crystal clear to her. She wondered if Mrs. Sullivan knew it deep down and just didn’t want to admit it to herself or anyone else.
How those people died, though, and where their remains were now is a different matter entirely, she thought as the phone rang.
Voices on the other end — voices of panic — filled her hearing when Dupuis picked up.
“Jaclyn?”
“Are you having a party without me, Chief?”
“It’s not really a party. I’m at the White House and we were just informed of another incident in Massachusetts.”
Jaclyn froze on the wide landing.
“What happened?”
“Another poisoning episode has occurred, this time in Leominster. Where are you right now?”
Jaclyn bit her tongue.
“I’m actually at the house of the woman who was attacked Sunday night. I talked with her for a few minutes, and I really think —”
“I thought I told you you’re off duty until tomorrow, Agent Snapshot.” Dupuis’ tone was sharp and cut Jaclyn’s heart.
“Well, you know me; if I’m not investigating a crime, I’m taking part in a photo shoot, and I didn’t see a camera —”
“Cut the sarcasm, Snapshot. What have you learned?”
Jaclyn explained what Mrs. Sullivan told her just a few minutes ago. 
“I really think we should get federal marshals here to protect her, Chief. There’s always a chance the guys who tried to kill her will come back here, and besides, it will lessen the strain on the town and the state police.”
“True. I’ll put in a call to the Attorney General and see what Justice can do for us. In the meantime, don’t worry about her. Plot a route from where you are to Bernice Avenue in Leominster; you’re not that far away. If no one is there, go to Leominster Hospital. You know what to do.”
“Who got poisoned, Chief?”
Dupuis paused on the other end. Jaclyn didn’t like that pause. 
“You don’t really want to know.”
“Humor me and tell me anyway.”
“There’s nothing humorous about it, actually.” Jaclyn heard the director take a deep breath. “They tried to poison kids this time.”
Jaclyn’s blood ran colder than the Arctic, making her shiver despite the heat. Her whitened eyes, hidden by her HUD, hardened. Her face twitched. Her heart skipped a perilous beat.
“Yeah Alex, I know what to do,” Jaclyn said, her voice devoid of emotion. “I’ll report in when I figure out what’s what.”
Not waiting for Dupuis to hang up, Jaclyn disconnected the call. She walked to the lead cruiser and told them to expect federal marshals in the morning. She walked back to the Porsche, the sun’s rays completely extinguished from sight. The reservoir lapped against the shore.
If Chillings is behind the attack on kids, she thought, I might not bring him straight to justice.
Her lip curled as she sped off toward Leominster.

***

Situation Room, White House, Washington, D.C.
Tuesday, July 20, 2011 — 8:48 p.m.

Alex Dupuis disconnected the call before she worked her nimble fingers over the landline’s keypad. She dialed the seven digits from memory — she could have called it up on her cell, but time was of the essence — and waited. 
At this hour, though, she could be waiting a while. The phone rang several times. Alex knew she would not have the opportunity to leave a message. Her information — and her request — needed a human ear, not an electronic one. She looked around and noticed the muted televisions. Members of Kendall’s staff milled about, though, discussing the days’ events in a dull roar. The comments made today by the brash young Senate candidate from Massachusetts had them reeling for nearly nine hours. 
Dupuis knew they were worried about their jobs, especially if the whispers she heard coming from The Hill were true.
The director shifted the thought from her mind as she heard someone pick up the other end, answering with a sharp, “Department of Justice.”
“This is Director Dupuis calling. I need to speak with Harry Reinsfield.”
“I will patch you through to his cell, ma’am.”
That’s not exactly acceptable, Dupuis thought, but I have no other choice. She heard a pair of tones before a long ringing, as if the phone developed a snafu in the last 20 seconds, hit her ears. The ring stopped and started up again, before a gruff voice answered.
“Do you have any idea what time it is?” Reinsfield said.
“I would have waited until the morning, Harry, but this can’t wait,” Dupuis answered.
“What is it, Alex?”
“I need federal marshals dispatched to a home in Massachusetts.” She explained how the protectee figured into the events of Saturday into Sunday. “If she dies, our case goes out the window. We need her alive.”
“I kind of figured that when you said the case would evaporate.” Reinsfield breathed with a touch of annoyance. “When do you need them?”
“Ten minutes ago would have been too late.”
“That desperate, are we?”
“I don’t think desperate is the word for it. We’re battling a terrorist on our own shores.”
“Alright, alright,” Reinsfield said. “I’ll get you what you need. Can it wait until tomorrow?”
“Not really.”
“I’ll re-assign two marshals tonight. I just need to find two close to Massachusetts.”
“As long as they get there before our witness dies.” She gave him the address for the Sullivan home before she hung up. “That’s one thing taken care of.”
“What’s that, Alex?”
Dupuis closed her eyes and pinched the bridge of her nose at the sound of Dick Bennett’s voice. The headache developed.
“I just had two federal marshals dispatched to a home in Massachusetts,” she said, turning in her chair to face the White House Chief of Staff. “We need to make sure this witness can testify.”
“Have you caught the bastard yet?”
Dupuis grimaced.
“Not yet. Jaclyn’s still working the case. There’s been a new wrinkle that she’s checking into right now.” Before Bennett could ask, she told him about the incident at the Little League game. “The coincidence that someone got sick from something they drank is too hard to ignore. The fact that it happened in Massachusetts, well, I couldn’t take the chance that it’s not a poisoning. I dispatched Jaclyn as soon as we heard about it.”
“Have you told Sarah about what’s going on? I know she wanted an update every six hours.”
“The president and I have discussed the situation; I talked with her as soon as I received the call.” Dupuis went into detail with Bennett, telling him how those on the scene thought it wise to alert the feds — especially after what happened in Boston over the weekend.
“They didn’t wait for lab results? They just called us?” Bennett asked.
“They chose to nip it in the bud. The coincidence was just too uncanny for them to not call us, especially if it is a link in the case’s chain.”
“And what if it’s just a wild goose chase? That’s not using our agents responsibly, especially a green agent that you sent in to try to apprehend a potentially dangerous terrorist.”
Dupuis felt the bile rising as she listened to Bennett spew his usual vitriol.
“The president, as you know, approved of Jaclyn personally. I think you know her feelings on this.”
She looked on with glee as Bennett’s nostrils flared. His right nostril trembled for just a brief moment as her words hit home. 
He shouldn’t keep on with his anti-CIA agenda, especially with all the bull shit surrounding him, she thought.
“Dick, let the people hired for the jobs they are qualified for do those jobs. You don’t see anyone complaining about your job, do you?”
This time, Bennett’s face grew scarlet. His face did more than tremble as he stared at the director. His eye brows, bushy as they already were, stood out as the ridge of his brow dropped several centimeters. He breathed heavily through his nose, so much so that if the building had been an icebox, Dupuis could have seen his breath, much like a cartoon bull.
Bennett slammed the conference table before he stormed out. Everyone’s eyes followed him, then looked to Dupuis.
She shrugged it off and picked up the phone again.

Chapter 21
DeSantis Little League Complex, Leominster, Mass.
Tuesday, July 20, 2011 — 9:21 p.m.

Jaclyn found a sea of red, blue and white lights as she arrived on Bernice Avenue. Leominster Police cruisers and state police lined the left side of the street nearest the ball field. A line of satellite trucks stretched down the right-hand side. It gave her enough room to squeeze through. A car any larger than a Porsche would not have had her luck; it would have sideswiped the cruisers and the TV trucks.
A Leominster police officer with Fraher on the nameplate brought her to a halt, but once Jaclyn showed identification, the officer waved her through, directing her to a space between the cruisers.
As she got out of the Porsche, a whiff of vomit still lingered on the warm air. She fought it off as she walked toward the field, walking around a wooden guardrail as television reporters, noticing her official-looking clothes, shouted questions at her. Yellow police tape encircled the crime scene much like it had at City Hall Plaza on Sunday morning. She ducked under it and strolled onto the diamond.
She took a good luck at the scene, where traces of vomit still lay upon the grass. Small chunks of food lay against blades of grass. Dirt looked scooped away. The field’s floodlights were on, illuminating the playing surface and casting shadows here and there.
Jaclyn frowned as she rested her hands on her hips, her jacket opened to reveal a holstered Walther P99.
“Are you from the federal government, ma’am?” An officer said as he approached. He halted apprehensively when Jaclyn turned. 
“I am. Jaclyn Johnson, CIA.” She shook the officer’s hand; his grip was tight, his hand callused. She saw lieutenant’s bars on his uniform.
“Mark Porter, Leominster Police. It’s not exactly that bright for sunglasses, Agent Johnson.”
Jaclyn lowered her Foster Grants, revealing the whites of her sightless eyes. The cop’s jaw dropped.
“So what exactly happened here, lieutenant?” Jaclyn slid her HUD back onto her face.
Porter recovered from the shock after a moment and went over the events of the past few hours.  He explained the panic that ensued as the ambulances rolled away from the parking lot when the coach told the parents there may have been poisoning involved.
“We told the league to stop serving those drinks, but they told us they already did. They have been re-boxed.”
“I’ll need to take those with me to Boston. We’ll have it analyzed and we’ll be able to tell what these kids inhaled.”
“We’ve already taken samples of the vomit,” Porter explained.
“Make sure those results are sent to me at Government Center, please. We have reason to believe this incident and Saturday’s event in Boston are closely related.”
“That’s what we were thinking, too.”
“Who is in charge of the league?”
“His name is Clarke. He’s at the concession stand,” Porter said, pointing at the green building. They started walking toward it. “He’s been a little frantic over the past hour or so. He had to call off both games tonight. It’s really putting a crimp on the tournament, since the regionals have to start on time.”
“I really don’t care about the regionals; I care about seeing who poisoned these kids are brought to justice.” Jaclyn paused at the gate on the third base side. She noticed more vomit on the chain link fence. “How many kids got sick again?”
“Eight Leominster kids and one kid from Newton. They were all taken to Leominster Hospital.”
“How far away is that?”
“It’s a little less than three miles away from here. The Emergency Room is over on the south side of the building. We can get you the results of those tests, too.”
“Don’t worry about it lieutenant, I can take care of that myself. I just want to talk to the guy who runs the league right now.”
They continued walking toward the concession stand.
Porter introduced Jaclyn to Clarke when they stepped inside the building before the lieutenant took his leave.
“How did the league come in possession of the drinks?” Jaclyn asked.
“We usually go to BJs and stock up, but we got a call yesterday from a guy who wanted to donate the drinks to us. I thought it was a good deal, so we took them up on it. It meant less of an expense for us, and it turns into instant profit for the league; Little League may be non-profit, but tell that to the bank. Anyway, they dropped a couple of cartons off before anyone got here this afternoon.”
“Do you have closed circuit recording going on in this area?”
The league president looked at Jaclyn as if she had three heads.
“No, we don’t. None of the residents wanted an invasion of their privacy.”
“Yeah, but it would help us find out who left the drinks,” Jaclyn countered. She shook her head, disbelieving the minds of some people. “Did you keep their phone number or did they leave a receipt for you?”
Clarke shook his head. He sat down and ran his fingers through his hair, bowing his head.
“Are these the ones you didn’t sell?” Jaclyn pointed to a case of sports drinks that sat on a counter near a tall cooler with sliding doors. She noticed they were all blue.
Clarke nodded.
“I’ll take them to Boston and we’ll have them analyzed in the morning. We’ll know very soon what poisoned these kids.” Jaclyn lifted the case and left the concession stand, leaving Clarke alone in his thoughts.
She walked back to the Porsche, sidestepping a set of aluminum stands near the third-base side. As she rounded the backstop, the television reporters practically ran across the street, microphones in hand as they started firing questions at her.
“Ma’am, can you tell us the extent of the investigation right?”
“How many kids were hurt?”
“Does this have anything to do with what happened in Boston?”
“Are any of the kids dead?”
Jaclyn ignored them, faking deafness. She nearly had the case of drinks on the roof of the Porsche before Officer Fraher noticed her distress and came over to assist her. He opened the passenger door for her and moved the reporters across the street, all while a camera rolled from near the front of Jaclyn’s car.
Jaclyn moved around to the driver’s side and got in. Officer Fraher helped her get out of the area. 
She hit the accelerator on Route 13. 
The hospital wasn’t that far away.

***

Leominster Hospital Emergency Room, Leominster, Mass.
Tuesday, July 20, 2011 — 9:55 p.m.

Jaclyn’s mind whirled in anger as she turned right onto Hamilton Street.
Who the hell would be so devilish and poison kids? she thought as the Porsche took the curve past Kendall Hall, the red fire engine lights posted next to the darkened stone wall dormant for the time being. It’s too unlikely, as she hugged the double yellow centerline near the Crawford Street intersection, that two similar poisonings occurred within days of each other. Things like this just don’t happen out of the blue. If Chillings is behind this attack too, I’m going to enjoy watching him get a needle in his arm. 
Not four minutes later, Jaclyn passed Water Tower Plaza and came to the busy intersection where Route 12 passes over Route 2. She hit the left-hand turn with the green light in her favor and found her way to the hospital with ease.
Leominster Hospital sat back from the road on a hill that overlooked North Main Street and the surrounding area. Built in 1904 and remodeled a decade ago following the merger of Leominster and neighboring Fitchburg’s Burbank Hospital, Jaclyn found her way to the Emergency Department on the building’s southern side. A well-tended green lawn swept off to the left, surrounding the LifeFlight helipad, while an empty parking lot waited for the next day’s traffic off to the right of Hospital Road. She meandered slowly through the parking lot that abutted the main entrance until she saw the bright emergency sign hanging off the side of the building. She tucked into a space at the edge of the concrete wall. Jaclyn set the security system and made her way toward the hospital.
Once inside the air-conditioned emergency room, she saw it full of people all waiting for treatment. Green walls stood on the left and right, while a yellow wall stood straight ahead. Jaclyn walked toward the check-in desk, which was more akin to a lecturer’s podium. A security guard sat there, a flat panel monitor in front of him.
“Can I help you, ma’am?”
“Actually, no, you can’t,” Jaclyn coolly replied. “I’m with the federal government investigating the incident up at the Little League games. I need to speak with whoever is on duty.”
“Why would the feds investigate it?” 
“I really can’t discuss that. This is an issue of national security. Please tell the doctor on duty that I have to speak with him or her as soon as possible. Right away would be better than a few hours from now.”
“I’m sorry, but there’s going to be a wait; there are a lot of people here wanting to see the doctor for their sniffles and aches.”
Jaclyn flashed him a wry grin.
“Look, I don’t have a lot of time to stand here discussing this. My questions will take only a few minutes.”
Stunned for just a moment, the security guard tried pulling out an alpha dog façade and stared her down, huffing and puffing his chest out, but Jaclyn stared back equally hard in return, not intimidated by his vast bulk. She dealt with these types of men during her training. Jaclyn knew she could put this guy down just as easily as she did those characters.
The stare-down lasted only a few seconds longer. The security guard relented and backed away from his cart and pressed a few buttons on a wall-mounted keypad. The heavy wooden doors marked A automatically swung open. The guard walked in and left Jaclyn in the waiting room as the doors shut behind him.
Jaclyn stood at the cart and nibbled her lips. She didn’t want to pace. She slid her hands into her jacket and waited patiently.
A tug at the jacket’s hem pulled her away from her thoughts. She looked down and saw a small child no more than 5 years old standing there, her blonde curls dancing on her scalp. 
Jaclyn saw the girl’s blue eyes looking up helplessly at her.
“Are you a police officer?” she asked.
Jaclyn smiled and scrunched down, bringing her HUD down to the girl’s level. She didn’t feel her leg bones grinding against each other in the knee joint.
“No, I’m not, but I’m like one. Why do you ask, sweetie?”
“Someone tried to hurt my brother.”
Jaclyn felt her mouth turn down on its own, as if her mind didn’t have control of her facial muscles.
“Why do you say that? What happened?”
“He was about to play baseball when he started throwing up,” the little girl said. “Mommy said it was a bad drink.”
Jaclyn noticed something she had never before seen in a girl that age: Fear. She knew exactly why the girl felt that way — she loved her big brother. The girl didn’t completely understand what had happened, but her face showed her concern. Jaclyn felt sure the girl was her older brother’s shadow.
“Yes, that’s what I heard, too. That’s why I’m here. I’m trying to find out why your brother and his friends got sick. Where are your mommy and daddy?”
“They are both in there with Zack.” 
“Is someone waiting with you?”
The little girl nodded and pointed to a small area underneath a television where a woman sat flipping through a magazine.
“Who is that?”
“My auntie.”
The way the little girl said it made Jaclyn’s face explode in pleasant mirth.
“How about you introduce me to your aunt? Maybe she can help me out a bit with what I have to do tonight.”
The little girl grabbed Jaclyn’s hand and pulled her to her aunt. The woman, about Jaclyn’s age, looked up as the girl pulled the agent over.
“Who’s this, Emily?”
“She’s a police officer, Auntie Sue. She’s here about Zack and the others.”
The woman stood, knocking the magazine to the floor.
“Have you caught whoever did this?” she asked.
“No ma’am, we haven’t. I’m Jaclyn Johnson with the CIA. We’re investigating several incidents that may be related, and when they called us, we added one and one together and figured we had to be here. 
“Can you tell me what happened?”
Sue shook her head.
“Unfortunately I can’t; I wasn’t there. My sister and brother-in-law called me and asked me to come up and watch Em while they were in with Zack; luckily I live a couple minutes away and I had nothing going on tonight, so I came right up.”
A nurse walked up from behind, her rubber shoes squeaking along the linoleum. Jaclyn turned before the woman even spoke, making the nurse pause mid-stride.
“The doctor will see you, even though he said he shouldn’t say anything until he speaks with the hospital attorney,” the woman said. Her voice made not only Jaclyn bristle, but also Sue and little Emily. The little girl ducked behind her aunt’s legs and peeked around at the woman, who didn’t pay the girl any mind.
I’d hate to see her bedside manner, Jaclyn thought.
Jaclyn turned to the little girl and her aunt. “I hope Zack and his friends recover quickly. I’ll do my best to see the person behind this is caught.” She held out her right hand for Emily, who slapped it with a smile. “Take care, Emily.”
Jaclyn left the girl and her aunt behind as she followed the nurse past security and over to the heavy double doors marked Treatment Room A. The nurse punched in a series of numbers on the keypad, and the doors swung open. Jaclyn walked in.
The emergency room stretched out in sterile madness. Eggshell colored linoleum knelt at Jaclyn’s footfalls as she walked, bringing her to the large nurse’s station. Opposite the station, a large flat panel monitor showed which rooms were full, along with the patient’s name and their ailment. Nurses milled about. Some checked charts and consulted with others. A pair of EMTs rushed through the ambulance entrance with an elderly man strapped down.
Jaclyn could tell just by looking that the Leominster ER would be busy tonight.
“We usually make people wait at least half an hour before we see them,” the nurse said. “Today must be your lucky day.”
Jaclyn grimaced.
“The doctor will be with you in a moment.” The nurse turned and left her standing there. Jaclyn twiddled her thumbs for only the briefest of moments when a doctor wearing a long white coat and medical scrubs approached her. Jaclyn noticed he wore Crocs.
She shivered at the notion.
“You must be the government woman,” the doctor said derisively. “What can I do for you?”
“The first thing you can do is tell me how those kids are doing. What have you found?”
“I really can’t go into it, miss…?”
“Johnson.” Jaclyn noticed the name on the man’s ID said Westin. “Doctor Westin, I hope you know the seriousness of what’s going on.”
“I’m a doctor,” Westin said, taken aback. “I know damn well how serious it is. These children have been poisoned.”
“Correct. And since the government believes this incident and the incident in Boston over the weekend are related —”
“What incident in Boston?”
Jaclyn’s eyes would have knocked her HUD off her face if she didn’t prepare herself for Westin’s admission. She knew ER doctors worked long hours and didn’t know what happened outside the building unless someone told them.
After three days, Jaclyn thought, one would think one of the patients would have brought it up in conversation.
She explained Saturday’s incident. The doctor listened with rapt attention as Jaclyn spoke. Jaclyn could tell a few of the nurses tried not to listen as they worked behind the counter.
“And the CIA thinks that this incident with the kids has to do with Saturday?”
Jaclyn nodded.
“That’s exactly what we believe. I’m the lead investigator on the case, so when your results are in, please e-mail them to my BlackBerry.” She handed him a business card, but he did not take it.
“I’m sorry, but I can’t send you that information without authorization.”
“Excuse me?”
“I said I can’t give you that information. That’s all confidential; there are federal guidelines about patient confidentiality and everything. That has to be released by the families, not the hospital.” He smirked.
Jaclyn stared at the man, who looked as if cutting her off at the pass was all he wanted to do in his life.
Try cutting this off, you bastard.
“Doctor, have you ever heard the term obstruction of justice?”
“I have, and young lady, you can’t threaten me.”
“Maybe it’s time the state Department of Public Health looks into your certification,” Jaclyn countered. She let it settle in his mind for a moment. “I can have this entire place shut down with one phone call.”
Westin sniffed and grinned.
“Right, and we go to the papers and say the Kendall Administration shut down a hospital. What would that do to her approval rating?”
Jaclyn didn’t miss a beat.
“And we counter that the hospital in question refused to co-operate with a federal investigation that the country is waiting for a result to with bated breath. By not helping us out doctor, there’s a chance more kids are poisoned. Which way will public opinion sway then? With the government who wants to find this bastard and stop him from poisoning more people, or with the hospital who didn’t want to save more kids?”
Jaclyn watched as the doctor looked ready to cave in under her verbal pressure. She saw the man’s wheels turning. 
He took a deep breath and tried to speak, but Jaclyn cut him off.
“Doc, those federal privacy guidelines won’t be worth shit if we can’t stop this guy; Congress will yell from here to San Francisco for hearings, and your name will come up first. How do you think that will feel, under the bright lights of television cameras on Capitol Hill? Having every little bit of your medical career under scrutiny? Help us help you, doc. You give us the results, we’ll keep your name out of the limelight. We need those results and we’ll get this guy. He won’t be able to hurt anyone else ever again with your help.”
The doctor’s mouth quivered nervously. Jaclyn noticed his shoulders dropped an inch. Her heart rushed with the speed of a locomotive: Her investigation hinged on —
“I’ll see what I can do,” Westin said. “Right now, we’re thinking along the same lines as you; the kids ingested something that didn’t agree with them.”
Nodding, Jaclyn handed her business card without smiling. She believed he meant it. “I’ll be waiting for your results, Doc. Thank you. I’ll see myself out.”
She turned away and walked quickly toward the double doors, hitting the trigger to open them with her fist before he could say another word to her, or take back his unspoken promise to help. The doors opened slowly, and Jaclyn caught a look at Emily, who had fallen sound asleep in the last few minutes, her head resting on her aunt’s thigh. 
Jaclyn looked at the little girl with grim determination, remembering her pledge. She exited the ER and made her way to the Porsche.
As she made her way to Route 2 East, winding through the streets, she finally realized she managed to get what she wanted with a little BSing. 
“Maybe I am cut out to be a federal agent after all,” she said, bearing off Route 12.

Chapter 22
Union Station, Worcester, Mass.
Tuesday, July 20, 2011 — 10 p.m.

Grant Chillings sat in his darkened office, going over the daily report. He looked at the numbers the only way he could — with an appraising eye that glared over production and shipping numbers, as if that were all that mattered in the world. He heard Wright enter his office as he looked over the second page — his P and L statement. The third page indicated his stock climbed 10 points in the past 24 hours. He grinned.
The television flicked on, bringing additional light into the room.
“Sir, there’s something you’ll want to see on the news.”
“Of course there is,” Chillings replied, putting his pen down and turning to look at the screen. “They are leading with my handiwork in Leominster, I presume.”
Wright nodded.
Chillings smiled.
“Good. Let’s see what they have to say.”
Wright turned the volume up as the anchor desk switched to the reporter on the scene at DeSantis. Chillings looked on with as eager an eye.
“That’s right R.D., sickening scenes hits the nail on the head at the state Little League Tournament here in Leominster,” the reporter said. “Nine players from the North Leominster and Newton West teams began vomiting, reminiscent of the scenes at City Hall Plaza in Boston over the weekend.”
The camera panned over the Major Division field, where visions from earlier in the evening, just as the sun went down, showed Leominster Police officers as well as State Police milling about. They collected samples of vomit from the ground and, on the third base side, from the chain link fence. Wheel tracks from stretchers led from the field toward the road, where ambulances sat not long before.
“Not half an hour ago, federal authorities arrived on scene here and confiscated a carton of sports drinks, which police believe caused tonight’s events.”
Chillings’ eyes widened and flamed with recognition as the camera showed a well-dressed woman carrying the drinks. He didn’t need long to search his memory for her identity.
“Damn it, freeze the image!” he shouted. His voice-activated DVR complied and paused the live video. Chillings stared. Wright looked confused.
“What’s wrong, sir?”
“You don’t recognize that woman at all?”
“No sir.”
“That’s the model — the Johnson woman! She’s not a model, she’s a fucking federal agent! Damn it all!” Chillings threw the P and L report across the room, unconcerned with numbers for the time being. The paper fluttered to the corner.
Wright’s shoulders slumped as Chillings turned the television off. Chillings noticed a bead of sweat grow on his assistant’s forehead. He noticed his forehead had suddenly grown damp too, even in the confines of his air-conditioned office. He began pacing as Wright slowly dropped into a chair.
“We can contain this,” Chillings said. “We can. We have to. The feds are on to me —”
He paused. His eyes widened even more than a few moments ago.
“They already are on to me,” he breathed. He cursed before resuming his slow, methodical pace. “That’s why Johnson came to see me at the benefit on Sunday. It’s why she asked me about water. They know everything. I’m surprised they haven’t raided my buildings yet.”
He grew dizzy. He turned toward his desk and sat down. His eyes darted back and forth, as if seeking out a thought evading his mind. 
“They are waiting for the perfect time to strike at me,” Chillings continued. “I must not allow them the chance to do so. I must strike first.
“David,” he said, causing the man to look up at him. Wright had rubbed the skin near his temples raw. “Ready my foot soldiers. It’s time for Miss Johnson’s close-up.”
Wright looked at him for a long moment before he sighed and nodded. He stood and headed for the door, but Chillings’ voice stopped him.
“What is the status on the heavy artillery, David?”
This time, Chillings noticed Wright gulp. He even heard it at his desk, 15 feet away.
“My people tell me that it should be ready any time now. It’s been moved to our installation in Western Mass.”
Chillings smiled. His lips parted a tad, showing his teeth.
“Now that is the best news I’ve heard tonight. Have your father bring me up some antacid tablets,” Chillings said. “They will attack me soon; I’ll attack them first. 
“What news do you have of Sullivan’s wife? Have you heard anything new about her?”
“No sir. Not a word.”
“We need to take care of her, and soon.” Chillings left the threat hanging perilously in midair. “You’re dismissed, David.”
Wright departed with a nod, leaving his boss alone in his office to think things over.
He breathed deeply, trying to calm himself. His anger, already at the boiling point, began ebbing a tad. He continued to breathe in through his nose, his eyes closed as he focused his energy on solving the problem in front of him. He dug his fingernails into his palm but didn’t feel a thing. A sneer came to his lip, as unwilling spasm touching the flesh. Chillings took one last deep breath before he opened his eyes.
He laid everything that he knew out on the table. He knew that Johnson did not tell him the entire truth two nights ago, and now he knew the feds had him in their crosshairs. Her being at the scene of his latest attack mere hours after it happened was proof enough, at least for him. He had seen her on the CCTV emplacement at the JFK Building and wondered what she was doing there.
Now he knew.
He figured Johnson was in the process of taking the drinks to Boston for analysis. If he wanted to keep Johnson and the feds from drawing a line toward him, he would need to recover those assets. The fact they were in Johnson’s possession didn’t mean anything to him. He wanted them back, and he would get them back.
He knew how he would get them back.

***

Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, Mass.
Tuesday, July 20, 2011 — 11:30 p.m.

Janitors pushed hand-held floor washers as Jaclyn walked into Massachusetts General Hospital. It had been a busy few hours for her and she should have headed to the hotel for a little bit of sleep, but she felt she owed Hanson a visit. She checked in with the front desk and swept into the long corridor leading to the elevators.
When she arrived at the burn center, the corridor was as quiet as a tomb. Jaclyn pushed the double doors apart, smacking them off the wall like a branch snapping under heavy snow. The only occupant in the hallway looked at her as if she were perturbed at Jaclyn disturbing the peace and quiet.
“Sorry,” Jaclyn said. She noticed the woman sat directly across from Hanson’s room. “Are you here for Mark?”
The woman nodded. “I’m his sister, Ciara.”
Jaclyn furrowed her brow at the name.
“I thought his wife was Ciara.”
“It was,” the original Ciara Hanson said with a fond smile. “He married a girl with the same name as his sister. Who are you?”
Jaclyn showed her identification and caught a smile in Hanson’s sister’s face. “Are the kids OK?”
“Yeah, they are at my parents’ house right now. They don’t know what’s going on. They think Ciara’s on a mission and Mark’s with her.” The woman looked like she was about to break down.
Jaclyn placed a comforting hand on the woman’s shoulder. A beep came through the open doorway leading from Hanson’s hospital room. She saw the lines of Hanson’s vital signs bounce out of control. A nurse came through the open space near the nurse’s station and race into Hanson’s room. Ciara stood and walked to the window. Jaclyn followed.
Another nurse scrambled into the room as Hanson’s body started convulsing. The burns were too great to overcome, Jaclyn saw, and she knew Hanson had not long to live. The nurses, Jaclyn saw through her HUD, placed stethoscopes on Hanson’s chest, listening for a heartbeat.
“I’ll stay with you as long as you want,” she said to Ciara.
The woman grabbed the agent’s hand and clasped it tight as she watched her brother’s death throes continue. Tears ran down her face. Her mouth shook as the first teardrop slid in.
“He has a DNR. This is it.”
They stood there for nearly 15 minutes as Hanson fought for his life. The monitor’s beeping turned incessant and unyielding, so much so that Jaclyn wished she could block the sounds away from her ears. Ciara began sobbing loudly. Jaclyn wrapped the woman up in an embrace, with Ciara’s tear-stained face on her shoulder.
The machine began to flat-line after several minutes of agonized beeping. The nurses, tired and sweaty, backed away from Hanson after they turned off the monitor and removed the feeding tube and IV lines. Ciara moved into the room after the nurses departed. Jaclyn stayed outside and thanked the nurses for their efforts.
She watched as Hanson’s sister practically fell on top of the dead agent. Jaclyn saw the woman’s back rise and fall with her sobs. After a minute, Ciara Hanson rose and kissed her brother’s forehead. She came out of the room and fell into Jaclyn’s arms. Ciara stayed there for a couple of minutes before she broke the embrace.
“I have to call my parents,” she said. “Excuse me.”
“I’ll wait right here.”
Ciara gave a weak smile before she pulled out her cell phone and called her parents. Jaclyn didn’t want to listen in, but she heard Ciara cry as she talked to her mother, and then her father. After a few minutes and two I love yous, Ciara returned to Jaclyn’s side. They sat down on the bench, looking through the window at Hanson’s prone form.
They sat silently until Ciara said, “Jaclyn, why did you get into the service?”
Jaclyn leaned back and rested her head on the wall as she considered Ciara’s question. It wasn’t a question people normally asked her, so having to consider it wasn’t really an option. In fact, the government didn’t give her the option of denying their training. The clandestine service had been her life for so long that she barely recalled her life before her indoctrination. She remembered her parents, of course, but the government had drummed everyday life — life with friends her own age — out of her. She knew no other life but the service.
She sighed.
“I guess it’s because it was a combination of being angry and having a chance to go after terrorists. My parents were killed on September 11, and the government took me in.”
“I didn’t know the government takes orphans in,” Ciara said.
Jaclyn smiled and explained who her parents were and what they did for the government. Ciara nodded.
“Alex told me back then that a child born from terrorism would be the greatest weapon against it. They trained me for a decade, armed me, and they’ve set me loose on all forms of terrorism.”
Ciara’s eyes grew in size while her lips parted.
“Are you saying —?”
Jaclyn caught the meaning immediately.
“No,” she said, shaking her head. “At least we don’t think so. There’s no conclusive reason as to why the explosion happened. We may never know why, whether or not if it was an accident or if someone targeted him. Mark was in the process of investigating your sister-in-law’s death with me. As for Ciara’s death, I’m on it. I’m picking up the torch for your family.”
Ciara’s eyes shimmered as she hugged Jaclyn. She coughed her tears away before breaking her embrace. 
“Thanks, Jaclyn. I can’t tell you how much that means to me and my family.”
The two women hugged once more before Ciara said she had to leave and prepare for the longest day of her life: Taking care of her brother’s funeral arrangements. The soles of her shoes echoed ominously on the linoleum as she departed.
Once alone, Jaclyn stood and walked over to the window. She looked at Hanson’s body laying there, his soul hovering somewhere over Boston now, looking down on her. She closed her eyes and lowered her head. She took a deep breath, her chest heaving as she exhaled. She tried gripping the molding around the glass, as if wanting to rip it away from the wall. She took another breath before raising her head again.
As Jaclyn looked through the glass, her dead partner’s form made the entire investigation go through her mind. The deaths at City Hall Plaza and Chillings’ attitude during his charity benefit, especially when he announced the “resignation” of his Board of Directors, had stuck with her for two whole days. The trip to Worcester last night, followed by the return to Newton — and Hanson’s house going up in a ball of flame. Tonight’s events — visiting Sullivan’s wife and the incident in North Leominster — just added to the entirety of it all.
Her BlackBerry beeped, indicating an incoming text message. She moved her fingers over her smartphone and called the message up. It was from Dupuis.
“Chillings stock has begun its climb. Up 10 pts. AD”
Jaclyn cringed.
This bastard is making money on people’s misery, she thought.
Jaclyn typed back.
“Hanson’s dead. Family already knows. Bringing drinks to Government Center for analysis. MDs in Leominster may or may not send us the results of the tests. Need some sleep. JJ”
Jaclyn sent the message just as a nurse walked toward her. She turned as the woman approached.
“I’m going to cover the body before we bring it down to the morgue. Are you family?”
Jaclyn shook her head.
“No, I work — worked — with him. I’m with the CIA.”
“Well you can’t stay here love, CIA or no. You shouldn’t even be here.” The nurse walked in and spread the sheet over Hanson before she turned the light off. 
Jaclyn whispered “Good bye, Hanson. I hope the smell is out of your nose,” before she walked out of the ward, tears in her eyes. As she rode the elevator down to the ground floor, the tears fueled her rage. 
If Chillings truly was behind everything — the deaths in Boston, the disappearance of the Board of Directors, Hanson’s death, the poisonings in Leominster — then he certainly had a lot to answer for.
I’ll be so glad to get the answers out of him, she thought as she power walked to the Porsche.

Chapter 23
JFK Federal Building, Government Center, Boston, Mass.
Wednesday, July 21, 2011 — 12:35 a.m.

With little maneuvering through the Grove Street turnaround, Jaclyn drove east on Cambridge Street until she arrived at Government Center a few minutes later. Boston’s streets at this hour were dead, and at City Hall, it felt like Jaclyn had been transported back 50 years to when Scollay Square was on the decline. She didn’t even see a homeless vagabond on the sidewalks, huddling in a doorway, trying to keep the eyes of the populace — and the Boston Police — away from them. Jaclyn pushed any thought of intruders aside as she blew out a long breath. She parked in front of 1-2-3 Center Plaza, set the security system through her iPad and, after grabbing the case of possibly poisoned sports drinks from her trunk, hurried across Cambridge Street to the federal building.
There were few lights on in the tower side of the building. Hallway lights in the central channel shone down upon the plaza below. The lights didn’t concern Jaclyn; she felt thankful that someone left a light on for her.
Her heels pounded the bricks as she high-tailed it to the building, the echoes seemingly traveling to the harbor, bouncing off the buildings and shooting right back at her. Her HUD stayed ever vigilant; try as she may to forget, Boston was still a major city, and things happened to women who walked alone at half past 12 on a Wednesday night in a major city.
She grinned as she felt the heft of her Walther under her jacket. If anyone gives me trouble out here, she thought, I’ll give it right back — in abundance.
The federal building’s air conditioning canceled out the night air’s warmth as soon as she walked inside. She rung the elevator and, after wiping the sweat from her brow with the case resting on her thigh, waited for the elevator doors to open. They did 15 seconds later. She hurried in and, after pressing for the fifth floor, waited for the doors to close. A lurch afterward made Jaclyn’s race hammer while the elevator rose.
Once on the fifth floor, Jaclyn made her way to what had been Hanson’s desk. She knew that Tulli wouldn’t be in the lab this late at night — the man had to have some semblance of a home life — which meant she didn’t want to leave the drinks unattended in the lab where someone may mistake the poisoned drinks as something else. She thought she could always write a note and leave it on top of the case in the lab, but she thought the less people that knew about the drinks would be the best course of action. She tucked them under Hanson’s desk and, after writing a note to Tulli, hurried down to the lab. Jaclyn made sure Tulli’s name was on the envelope and hoped no one but he would read it later this morning. She hoped that by the time the Red Sox game started that night, Tulli would have an answer for her.
Jaclyn returned to Hanson’s desk and booted up his government-issued Hewlett-Packard, taking off her jacket and her gun and throwing it on the desk. It took several minutes to bring her to the desktop, where she found a live Internet connection after rubbing her tired eyes. She opened a browser window and went to Google. She typed in the sports drink company and hoped that Google would spit something relevant out to her instead of something-close-but-not-quite what she was looking for. She clicked enter and waited.
The network responded immediately. She scrolled through the listing — CNN and the local news stations already had stories up on the incident in Leominster — but she didn’t see anything involving a recall. Jaclyn remembered that by Saturday night, from what Dupuis told her, Nantucket Harbor had already instituted a national recall of its products. If this company started recalling its products, there would be a massive outcry, especially from athletes young and old. She wondered what the professional athletes that endorsed the product — like the retired basketball player, or the Yankees’ star infielder — would say about it all.
“It’s only a matter of time, though,” Jaclyn said to the computer screen. She picked up a pen and rapped it against the desk several times. She let her thought process take over.
Jaclyn started a new search, this time for Arctic Breeze. She clicked enter and waited once again.
This time, the results had her reeling.
The headline “Arctic Breeze stock on the rise” drew her attention immediately. She clicked on the story and waited for it to load.
A picture of Grant Chillings from Sunday night loaded slowly. She read:

WORCESTER, Mass. — As if overnight, Grant Chillings’ newly acquired stock in his own company has made him richer than he could possibly imagine.
Chillings’ stock in Arctic Breeze, Inc., a Worcester-based purveyor of bottled water, went up 10 points today while Nantucket Harbor, a competitor in the business, saw its stock drop to an all-time low following Saturday’s incident in Boston.
Arctic Breeze is now at its highest since an IPO went out last year.

Jaclyn stopped reading immediately. She didn’t have to read any further. She printed the story out — she hoped the printer stayed on in this office overnight — and wanted to add it to the growing file she had collected on Chillings. The printer whined, startling her, before its hum turned into a drone as the printer spat out the paper she needed. For good measure, she e-mailed the story to herself, just in case. Dupuis taught her this.
She went through the information that she had, starting with Saturday’s incident, but not before looking at the clock. 
It read 12:50.
“I wonder if they have any coffee in the canteen,” she mumbled, getting out of the chair with a squeak. She wandered back to the elevator and made her way to the basement. She found the coffee pot still warm, which made her believe that janitors continued their early morning rounds through the building.
Armed with a cup, Jaclyn returned to the fifth floor. But as she stepped out of the elevator, she looked out upon City Hall Plaza. A sea of white light near the subway headhouse at ground level caught her HUD, followed by the squeal of brakes on the bricks.
Jaclyn’s brow slipped away.
On the bricks? she thought. That’s not right, especially not at 1 a.m.
Yet when the SUV doors opened and men wearing dark, baggy jumpsuits spilled out, she knew something terribly wrong was about to happen. When they brandished Bushmaster M16s in their hands, Jaclyn knew that more was going down than met the eye.
When she saw Chillings step out of the lead vehicle, her breath caught in her throat. 
This is more than just a social call, she thought as she regained her breath. He’s here for a lot more than just tea and crumpets. I’m going to need some firepower.
Jaclyn raced back to the desk and immediately grabbed her holstered Walther, sliding her arm through the leather harness. She didn’t know why she did it, but she grabbed her iPad and slapped it to her belt before she made her way to the department’s weapons locker. She flung the door open and found two extra magazines for her Walther lying on a shelf, before she grabbed a Colt AR-15 A3 Tactical Carbine rifle, complete with a 4x20 scope. She looked the advanced weapon up and down.
“I hope it’ll be enough,” she said. “Why can’t it come in pink, though?”
Despite her desire for a more feminine-colored machine gun, she returned to the window overlooking the plaza, ready for a firefight. She pulled out her cell phone and almost dialed 9-1-1, but thought better of it.
“What would I tell them? A terrorist is about to attack me, send help? Fuck it, they’ll hear about this very soon, I’m sure.” Jaclyn stashed her cell phone and began the federal building’s defense — all by her lonesome, and without her jumpsuit.
Her heart pounded as the small army below began walking toward the building.

***

Chillings had the drivers go over the curb cut and drive into the plaza proper without a second though. He looked up at the glass and steel towers of the JFK Federal Building with only the building’s hallway lights and the streetlights along Cambridge Street giving it body. The darkness behind it was a cruel backdrop.
He sneered.
“When I’m done with this place, it’ll be an early sunrise for Bostonians,” he chuckled. He turned to his dark-clothed henchmen. “Get ready!”
All around him, safeties released and rifles loaded, the sounds of preparation of war erupted. They didn’t wait for another order: 10 of Chillings’ warriors started moving in.
They froze as a panel of glass shattered and dropped to the cement walkway below. Even from as far away as Chillings’ so-called command post, he could hear the tinkling of the glass on the ground, much like wind chimes signaling the end of the world.
Chillings looked up and saw a blonde-haired woman, her foot outstretched and retreating back inside, standing in the opening. 
“Johnson,” he whispered. He turned and yelled, “Take her out!”
Yet as his men raised their rifles and brought her into the crosshairs, Johnson opened fire first.

***

Instead of wasting a bullet on the window, Jaclyn kicked it out, showering the ground with crystalline shards. She pulled her leg back before the glass could do any damage to her. The sounds of the glass striking the ground made her smile.
“Now let’s put some of these bitches on the ground,” she muttered as she brought the muzzle of her machine gun up and pulled the trigger. She just wanted to cause a little distraction. Bullets sprayed the ground, and through her HUD Jaclyn noticed that Chillings’ foot soldiers hit the brick deck, making themselves as small as possible. She heard one cry out.
“At least I got one,” she said. “Imagine if I aimed.”
She saw the soldiers raise their guns and, through the HUD, saw them pull the triggers. Her HUD blared out in warning, with three tones enough to make her drop to the floor. Glass shattered and cascaded around her.
“Glad to see this thing works under pressure,” she said before she brought herself back up and threw the AR-15 in front of her. She gave the trigger one hard tug and held it there. One long spray of bullets emerged. She struck three more foot soldiers. All went down.
They kept coming, though. 
Sweat coursed down Jaclyn’s face and neck, the adrenaline rush coupled with the warm barrel of the machine gun making her temperature rise. She kept her breathing in check even though her hair tried to slide into her face. She didn’t let it distract her. She pumped the trigger, moving the barrel several inches each time, the bullet hitting the trooper in the arm, chest and square in the face. The one in the face, Jaclyn saw, flew backward and never moved again.
She then heard a distant order to hold fire while the sounds of sirens — police sirens — blistered the night from some distance away. It would be some time, at least a minute, before the Boston Police showed up. The foot soldiers began falling back toward the SUV’s.
Jaclyn breathed.
They’re going to get away, she thought. Then she turned her head and saw the Porsche sitting not too far away. Her right hand strayed down to her hip, where the comforting presence of her iPad met her touch.
Her heart shot in her throat before she grinned.
“Time to see what this bad girl can do,” Jaclyn said. She ripped the iPad away from her belt and immediately let her fingers dance over the touch screen. The troopers, she could hear, continued to run toward the SUVs, their footsteps panicked as they ran.
She pressed the auto ignition, bypassing the security system with a touch of her fingertip. The Porsche revved to life, its headlights streaming white light from its parking spot. Jaclyn grinned and hit another button. This time, a remote steering wheel and the gear stick popped up, the wheel coming within inches of the tablet’s edge.
“This may be fun,” she said with a touch of glee. She put the Porsche into drive and, with her thumbs, maneuvered the car onto Cambridge Street. It zoomed forward with Jaclyn’s touch and came to a halt near the sidewalk. The troopers didn’t even notice the unmanned Porsche as they hopped into the waiting SUVs. Chillings, Jaclyn saw, noticed it though.
She didn’t pause. She brought the weapons system online as soon as she put the Porsche in park. 
“What should I use first? The machine guns? No, it won’t even dent the chassis. How about the —? Yeah, that should work nicely.”
She grinned as she clicked the missile icon.
Across the way, the Porsche’s trunk flaps opened vertically from the rear windshield to the spoiler, allowing a rack of S-T-A missiles to rise from its hiding place. Jaclyn turned and aimed the missiles at one of the SUVs. Another control panel popped up. The iPad armed the first missile for her, making it ready for use.
“Here goes nothing,” she whispered, pressing the ignition. The missile immediately fizzed and vented steam as the rack jettisoned it, displacing air as it hurtled toward the SUV.
Jaclyn could only look on as half a second passed.
The missile met the SUV right in the grille, resulting in a hoarse explosion that sent shrapnel and glass flying. Jaclyn saw that it took the other drivers a few seconds to realize what had just happened to their comrades, as those SUVs stood frozen. With her enhanced vision thanks to the HUD, she saw the foot soldiers rubber necking at the sight, even though they weren’t in motion just yet. Flashing blue lights approached the plaza from Beacon Hill.
“I’ll give you something to look at,” Jaclyn said, moving the rack into another attack position. She saw the target come into focus, the next SUV caught in the rack’s crosshairs. A second later, with the target acquired, the missile turned active. Jaclyn triggered it.
Half a heartbeat later, the second SUV turned into a fiery mess of metal. 
Jaclyn gave a whoop of delight.
It gave the third SUV, the second to last, she could see through the thick black smoke and flames, plenty of time to hit the gas and speed away from the headhouse — without Chillings. Boston Police cruisers converged on Scollay Square, preventing the SUV from driving toward the Public Garden and the start of Route 2. The Porsche sat on Cambridge Street, like an automotive sentinel.
The SUV continued to drive toward the cruisers, as if wanting to ram its way through.
Jaclyn, using her nimble fingers, triggered another missile launch, this time targeting between the SUV and the cruisers. The missile’s impact sent pavement and dust and the remnants of 1800s cobblestones nestled underneath the blacktop flying into the air, but the strike served its purpose. The SUV halted as police officers exited their cruisers, their guns out and aimed right at the driver and his passengers. 
Without Chillings in the SUV, he was still at large — but Boston Police had no idea he was involved. Jaclyn, however, did: she saw him slide into the headhouse. Not wasting any time, Jaclyn rushed toward the stairwell, leaving the machine gun where she dropped it.
She had enough firepower with her Walther.
She hoped she could catch him.

***

From the Government Center headhouse, Chillings watched his foot soldiers die or, in the case of the third SUV, put under arrest. He made sure the Boston cops didn’t see him. He ducked into the subway station.
He knew he could lose them in there.

Chapter 24
Green Line Subway Tunnel, Boston, Mass.
Wednesday, July 21, 2011 — 1:10 a.m.

Jaclyn raced out of the federal building, pausing only to remove her shoes after she passed the glass-strewn walkway. Using her speed, she made it toward the triple set of granite steps leading to the Government Center headhouse. The darkened Sears Crescent Building hovered above the ziggurat, a relic from an older time that escaped the wrecking ball.
Jaclyn felt confident Chillings wouldn’t escape her.
A Boston cop tried to slow her down, but she uttered a strong “CIA, get out of my way!” The cop backpedaled as she raced up the stairs and into the subway. She paused.
The upper landing’s lights had been extinguished, the last passenger of the night already gone. She drew her Walther, removed the safety and, after lifting herself up and over the old turnstile on her bottom, inched her way down the stairs half sideways. Her HUD scanned the platform below, looking for Chillings’ heat signature. Her breath matched the salty, sour-feeling air that hung from the roof of the headhouse, the bricks still giving off the heat that baked them during the day. A drop of sweat slipped down her face, stubbornly clinging to the curves of her nose, while another plopped into her ear canal. 
Her stocking feet soundlessly moved down the stairs, careful not to slip on a sticky surface.  She reached the bottom as her heart skipped a perilous beat. She brandished her Walther in front of her, her left hand supporting the handle, as she approached the Green Line platform.
She stepped through, walking as slowly as possible. The platform remained illuminated despite the late hour; MBTA security could not be seen anywhere, and Jaclyn had a feeling that they would not be able to apprehend Chillings if they saw him run down the stairs. Newspaper and coffee stands stood shuttered for the night, and near them, trash missed the receptacles, lying on the damp concrete along with long-forgotten cups of Dunkin Donuts. A used Red Sox ticket rested against the trash barrel.
Jaclyn breathed in as the sound of a tin can fell and hit the ground somewhere in the distance, toward the westbound tunnel. She turned and edged toward the sound, her right foot following her left as she danced across the uneven platform. She took another 15 steps before she reached the yellow line near the tracks. She perked her ears up to make sure no subway cars came from the direction of Haymarket. If one did, she’d have to bounce away quick and back onto the platform. She stepped into the middle of the tracks.
The shadow slipped away from his hiding place. 
Jaclyn’s eyes widened with surprise under her HUD.
“Chillings!” she screamed, squeezing the trigger once. A single bullet tore away and hammered the wall just over her target’s left shoulder half a heartbeat later. She saw Chillings react, jerking his body and his arms after the sounds of the shot filled the tunnel.
He didn’t stop running, though.
Jaclyn had no choice but to follow him. She took off, her feet crashing on the metal between the tracks.
The chase was on.
She had a sneaking suspicion that no one, other than MBTA workers, had entered the Tremont Street portion of the ancient subway system on foot in many years. Trains rumbled through here headed to Park Street and points west, but to Green Line riders, the walls were a blur of stone.
At that moment, the walls were a slower blur as Jaclyn’s feet trampled the ground. 
Her chest clenched in pain as she approached Park Street. She found it hard to believe a man Chillings’ age could outrun her youthful legs. She halted and brought the Walther back up and fired off another shot. The darkness up ahead swallowed Chillings. She didn’t hear a groan or a body fall to the ground, nor did she hear scuffling rock. She cursed herself for missing.
She tried to find a large heat signature through her HUD, but all that came through was the pitch black of the subway tunnel. A small nook cut into the rock down by the track bed had even smaller heat signatures scurrying about. She tried hard not to think about what those small heat signatures were, even though she had a good idea; the sounds of scratching and tiny paws upon stone filled the tunnel and created an ominous, soul-scarring soundtrack.
Jaclyn stepped forward a few paces, knowing that Chillings had to still be alive and still inside the tunnel. His heat signature would be off the charts for running so hard and so fast that he would be unmistakable here in the tunnel.
Chillings became the furthest thing from her mind as the tunnel filled with a familiar rumbling sound. The tunnel slowly brightened.
Jaclyn noticed the lighting as her HUD compensated. She turned her head and saw the light focus a bit more. The rumbling drew nearer and louder.
“It can’t be,” Jaclyn murmured. “There’s no way; it’s after 1 a.m.”
The sleek green and black AnsaldoBreda subway lurched around a bend. It hurtled at Jaclyn as if she weren’t there and this was a normal run. 
She stood petrified for all of a few moments before she decided to save her life. She turned and ran toward Park Street.
The train gained on her.
Jaclyn didn’t look over her shoulder as death approached with a head of steam. She tried to pick up her cadence, but she feared dropping her HUD and losing it on the tracks, or worse, it fell off and the train ran over it, smashing it to itty-bitty pieces. She prayed the sweat that coated her face wouldn’t dislodge the device as the drops ran down.
She had two choices: she needed to outrun the train all the way to Park Street, or she needed to duck out of the way. 
Her HUD nearly slipped off her slick skin as she issued a mental command to scan the track bed again as she ran toward it. Another small heat signature popped up. This one was alone.
She raised her Walther and fired at her new target. The rat squealed even though Jaclyn missed. It scurried away from the nook.
Not believing her luck, Jaclyn dove for safety. She hit the ground hard and rolled into the crevasse, jarring her shoulder in the process with a hearty oomph escaping her lips. She smacked her back against the interior wall, making her HUD finally fall off her face, landing on the rock in front of her, blinding her temporarily. A scathing pain rocked her body as the train passed her new hiding spot. The rumbling rocked toward Park Street, the hiss off the hot steel trailing away. 
Jaclyn took a deep breath and closed her eyes, trying to control her runaway heartbeat. She grabbed for her HUD and brought her back to her face, able to see again. She rolled herself out of the little cubby hole and hoped she didn’t look as bad as she felt. She tried to dust herself off after taking stock of the situation. She still had her gun, her iPad and her BlackBerry. Remarkably, none of her devices looked damaged by her actions. She stood in the subway tunnel and silently praised Parkerhurst for putting the cushion around the iPad. 
She looked around. The only heat signatures she could determine came from the rats that remained huddled, as well as the cooling tracks. 
She knew it. Chillings had disappeared. He left no trace of a heat signature. 
Jaclyn’s body slumped. She took a couple of steps and leaned against a wall. She bowed her head and tried to take deep breaths. She kicked at the wall in frustration, scuffing her heel.
I had him, she thought. I had him, but somehow he got away from me. Coach Woods is never going to let me live that down. Hell, Dupuis won’t let me forget firing off-target down, either. 
Jaclyn gave a resigned sigh and pushed herself away from the wall. She had to get back to Government Center.
“HUD, where the hell am I?” she asked. A map of the subway system popped up, along with a map of Boston proper superimposed over it. She found that she stood just to the west of Hamilton Place, and that the Park Street platform lay less than 300 feet away from her position. She checked her Walther’s magazine and saw she had plenty of ammunition just in case of an emergency. She turned and trotted off toward the platform.
A few minutes later, she emerged from the Park Street headhouse, the warm summer air finding her sweat-slicked skin once again. She turned to the left and saw the Massachusetts State House glow under its flowerbed spotlights. She tried to find anything resembling a man running for his life. 
She saw nothing. No one but she stood outside at this hour. 
Jaclyn grabbed her BlackBerry and immediately called 9-1-1 as she walked east on Tremont Street. The phone rang three times before someone answered the call.
“9-1-1, this line is recorded, what is your emergency?”
“This is Jaclyn Johnson, CIA. I was involved in an incident at City Hall Plaza, and I chased a suspect into the subway tunnels.”
“Did you catch the suspect, ma’am?”
Jaclyn bit her tongue.
“That’s a big fucking negative. Let the officer in charge at the scene know I’m en route on foot. I’ll be there in a few minutes.”
“Would you like me to dispatch a car to pick you up, Agent Johnson?”
Jaclyn shook her head.
“No, thank you. I’ll only be a few minutes. Johnson out.” She hung up before she paused and thought about calling Dupuis to give her a status update. After all, she only texted the director 45 minutes prior, but she figured Dupuis had to be asleep by now. She checked the time: it neared 1:30 a.m.
Jaclyn decided to send another text.
She typed as she passed Bromfield Street and the Granary Burying Ground:
“Had a little skirmish at the federal building a little bit ago. Chillings brought foot soldiers. I brought the Porsche. Chased Chillings into subway tunnels, I almost got run over. Send Parkerhurst my love and affection; the case for the iPad came in handy. Suggest raiding Chillings’ properties in AM. If I have to lead the party, let me know ASAP. JJ”
Jaclyn stashed her BlackBerry in her pocket and holstered her Walther as she made her way back to Government Center.

***

Chillings peered around the tomb of Paul Revere and watched as the federal agent walked by the Tremont Street cemetery without a care in the world. As soon as she disappeared, he breathed a little easier. He turned and leaned against the monument and looked up at the sky. A light cloud cover, the remnants of the storm that passed through the state a few hours before, veiled the stars above.
“That was close,” he whispered, closing his eyes for what seemed like a moment. 
Ten minutes later, he opened them. 
“I must have dozed off,” he said. “I really need to control my sleeping patterns.”
His dozing off shocked him, especially after the adrenaline rush from attacking a federal installation, regardless of the time of day. His leading the woman on a chase through the subway tunnels simply added to the excitement. Luckily, his man commandeered the subway car at Lechmere Station and brought it through Government Center at just the right time. 
A tinkling hit the leaves as he wondered where his man was now; Chillings ordered him to abandon the subway near the E branch spur at Copley Station, then wait for further orders. 
The 10-minute nap probably sent him into hysterics, Chillings thought. I haven’t given him new orders yet. He dug out his cell phone and immediately called him. 
“Are you safe?” he asked. After a beat, he replied “Good. I’m on Tremont Street at the cemetery across from the law school.” He listened for another few seconds. “Come get me.” He hung up and waited for his ride. The tinkling of leaves, at random intervals, continued.
Five minutes later, another SUV — this one tan — pulled up at the curb. 
Chillings rushed away from Revere’s headstone just as the skies opened. A gurgled yelled ripped through the Boston night as he swept through the Egyptian revival-style gate to the waiting car. Droplets of rain slid off Chillings’ coat as he slammed the door. The driver hit the wipers, put the car in drive and pulled away from the curb.
For the most part, Chillings was home free — as long as he could get out of Boston.
“Don’t speed, David,” he said. “Just get me out of here.”
David Wright checked the review mirror.
“Yes sir. I’ll get you back to the manor.”
Chillings breathed a little easier now that his men and not the police — or that federal agent, for that matter — had picked him up. They passed Boston Common.
“I think it’s time to abandon Worcester, David; at least for the time being. Get me to the installation. Do you have the equipment I need for the next phase of my takeover?”
Wright nodded.
“And what about all of my pertinent files; those can’t fall into government hands.”
“They won’t. They’re in a Dropbox account. I took the liberty of safeguarding those. The government won’t even know of their existence.”
Chillings’ face twitched as a smile cracked his lips. He reached forward and patted Wright on the right shoulder.
“Good job, David. A very good job. I love being a step ahead of government flunkies.”
Laughter filled the SUV as Wright wound his way through Boston’s streets, trying to find a route to get to the Massachusetts Turnpike.
Once on the winding highway, Chillings outlined his plan.
“Wake your son, David. Have him meet us there in an hour and a half to let us on the property.”
Wright paused before he said, “I want to re-iterate this: No one is allowed on that piece of land, Mr. Chillings. It’s protected land, and has been for over 70 years. The only people allowed there are students from UMass and the other four colleges. We’d be breaking so many laws by just stubbing our toe on that property.”
“David,” Chillings replied dryly, “I’m not worried about breaking laws right now. I’m not worried about adding to my jail time, because I don’t intend to see the inside of a jail cell. I’ve already killed people, I’ve attempted to kill people, and I’ve already sent soldiers to retrieve poisoned liquids and possibly kill a federal agent. I’m not exactly worried about breaking any additional laws.
“Besides,” he continued, “you’re in this, too. If I go down, you go down with me.” Chillings kept his eye on Wright to gauge his reaction.
“Yes sir, I know,” he said.
Chillings grinned maliciously. 
“Good. Get on that as you drive. Arenson,” he said, turning to the man in the front seat, “call Worcester and tell the troops to move out to the summer retreat. The commander will know. Then make sure to wire the accounts offshore. I don’t want those nasty feds getting their hands on my money.”
“You got it, sir.” Arenson had his phone out and made his call while Wright called his son.
“Oh, and David,” Chillings said, interrupting Wright’s call, “make sure you call your father and have him meet us at the retreat. I’ll want a glass of champagne after all this is completed.”
“Yes sir,” Wright said despite a grimace. “Are you going to leave those others out to dry?”
Chillings feigned shock.
“Of course I won’t,” he said. “I’ll make sure they are released, just as soon as I send a message to Washington that President Kendall will be unable to ignore.” He grinned as his eyes darkened.
They rolled through the Allston toll booths, leaving Boston for good. 

Chapter 25
Marriott Long Wharf, Boston, Mass.
Wednesday, July 21, 2011 — 6 a.m.

Even with her sleep schedule disrupted, Jaclyn hardly slept that night. 
She arrived at Government Center a few minutes after hanging up with the 9-1-1 operator, coming on the scene at a light jog. Blue and red lights filled Cambridge Street, and she saw there were more than a few officers checking out the Porsche. The military-grade missile rack was still visible. She tapped an icon on the iPad, making the rack disappear into the Porsche’s trunk. The officers gasped.
Jaclyn walked up to the lieutenant in charge and identified herself.
“What exactly happened here, ma’am?”
She explained the events of the past hour and how she fought off the soldiers by herself and chased Chillings into the subway. That part of the tale made the cop’s eyes widen.
“Did you catch him?”
Jaclyn bit the inside of her cheek.
“Negative. A train tried to run me over while I pursued the suspect in the subway tunnels. He got away.”
The officer told her that except the SUV, which contained five of Chillings’ foot soldiers, all the others were dead. Jaclyn took a deep breath and thanked the officer for telling her. She headed to the federal building to clean up her little mess before she retrieved the Porsche. She made her way back to the hotel at about 2:30 a.m.
Jaclyn showered and changed into comfy clothes before she lay in bed, hoping for a bit of sleep. She watched the clock change instead, and by 6:30, she decided that sleep would not come yet. She picked up her BlackBerry and called Dupuis.
“I see you had a busy night,” Dupuis said as soon as she picked up the call. “How much damage did you cause?”
“I didn’t cause that much,” Jaclyn said. “I only broke one window; Chillings’ men broke the others.”
“What else did you find out?”
“Nothing concrete, but the fact Chillings made his presence known this morning —”
“The bastard was actually there?”
“Kinda makes him the only suspect now, if we can find him.”
“What do you mean by that?”
Jaclyn explained what happened in the subway tunnels during the chase.
“So he got away,” Dupuis said with a resigned sigh. “Don’t worry Jaclyn, you’ll find him.”
“I hope so. I want to nail this bastard to the wall.”
“We need to find out where he’s gone. Snapshot, lead a team of agents to Worcester and secure his properties. He has several, I believe.”
“Yes, he has the plant and his office at Union Station.”
“Don’t forget about his house; there may be something of use there.”
“True. We’re going to need warrants. And I need someone else to go talk to the folks at Nantucket Harbor; I looked at Hanson’s notes last night, and no one has been able to get in contact with them.”
“Don’t worry about those or Nantucket Harbor; it’s looking as if they were implicated, but the case is leaning away from them having anything to do with it. I’ve already spoken to a judge in South Boston. You just need to go there and pick the warrants up on your way to Worcester.”
Jaclyn firmed her lips and nodded.
“Will do, Chief. I’ll check back later this morning.”
“Good. I’ll alert President Kendall and let her know you’re on the verge of apprehending Chillings.”
“She’ll appreciate it, I’m sure.” Jaclyn hung up just as Dupuis did. She slapped her hands together and rubbed them before heading into the bathroom to change into a clean set of work clothes.

***

Within an hour, the teams were ready to roll westward. Jaclyn went to South Boston first and picked up the three search warrants. She had the teams head out beforehand to secure the properties and made sure no one destroyed evidence. She followed up and made sure they executed the warrants properly.
While searching Chillings’ office in Union Station, Jaclyn discovered a map on the man’s desk, completely in plain sight, along with several photos of a large body of water, all from different angles. She looked at them curiously, wondering why Chillings left them there. She figured it wasn’t him; the man was too meticulous to leave evidence like this out for anyone to see.
She sat down and kept her HUD on the photos, trying to figure out the significance of each as well as the map, with a small spot on a peninsula marked with an X and the word cottage underneath. Jaclyn peered at the map and found the name of the lake written in a darker blue. Except the name didn’t have the word lake before or after it.
“Huh,” she said. “That’s strange, it says…” Her eyes widened underneath her Foster Grants. “Oh, shit.”
Jaclyn grabbed her iPad and immediately brought up a web browser, typing her query into the search field. Within seconds, her search brought up a Wikipedia page about that particular body of water. She read it.
She only needed to read two lines to make her face fall.
“I’ve got a bad feeling about all this.”
She continued reading and found an interesting tidbit, which she immediately cross-referenced. She discovered what Chillings’ cottage was, and that there were restrictions regarding the peninsula.  
Jaclyn thought it over for a few more moments. Chillings had already flaunted so many laws without considering the consequence. She knew he was behind everything, from the attacks on Boston to the attacks on the Little League game. The fact he added to his attacks, both against rival companies by attempting to put them out of business as well as trying to harm a group of consumers without rhyme or reason, made her next thoughts seem all too real for anyone to comprehend. 
The fact he would set up there, on land where he believed he was safe from any human contact, especially anyone who could stop him, made complete sense to her. He would do it. He would do it and not think twice about it.
“Who are you?” a voice yelled from the side, snapping Jaclyn out of her reverie. “What are you doing here?”
Jaclyn saw the man standing in the doorway with his hands on his hips, and she immediately recognized him: Jeff Harper, the politician who had been giving President Kendall a lot of snuff lately.
“I’m with the CIA. What are you doing here? This is a federal investigation. Leave the premises immediately.”
“I can tell you that Grant Chillings has been my friend for over a decade, and he’s above reproach. You’re making a mistake by investigating him.”
“You don’t even know what we’re looking for,” Jaclyn coolly replied.
Harper shut up for only a brief moment, but he gathered his confidence as his face burned scarlet.
“Where’s your warrant?”
“Up your ass. We have a warrant, and since you’re not important here —”
“I’m a representative in the Massachusetts General Court and I represent my friend’s interests here.”
“Oh really? Then maybe you can tell us where your friend is now.” 
Jaclyn stared Harper down. She saw a mix of fear and pomposity in the man. She stepped closer.
“I don’t know where he is.”
“Then how did you know to come here?”
“I was in the process of heading to City Hall to give a speech —”
“To attack President Kendall again.”
Harper’s lip curled in anger.
“How dare you try to dictate to me how to run my own campaign.”
Jaclyn power walked to stand against him.
“Here’s a tip, sir: Stick with your challenger, because President Sarah Kendall is too far out of your league to go toe to toe with.”
Harper didn’t say anything. He smiled lightly at Jaclyn before he turned and departed without another word, the echoes of his footsteps bouncing off the walls.
Good, now he’s gone, she thought. She walked back to Chillings’ desk and grabbed her cell phone. She checked the time. It was 11 a.m.
“I need to call Alex soon, but I need to get a full sit-rep from the other teams before I call in and give her an update.” 
She hoped she was wrong.
She doubted it.

***

Worcester City Hall, Worcester, Mass.
Wednesday, July 21, 2011 — 11:03 a.m.

Harper’s sedan pulled up to the corner, where the man popped out of the backseat with the vigor of a man who had just gone through a 12-round fight. The woman at Union Station made him worry for his friend. 
With the media gathered in front of City Hall, it was time to defend his friend.
Grant, get as far the fuck away from here as you can, he thought. I’ll try my best to deflect attention from you.
As he stepped through the crowd, he saw his mentor, William Starr, standing near the podium. Harper saw a look of relief wash over the congressman’s face. Cameras began clicking away as soon as the two politicians embraced.
“Where the heck have you been?” Starr said quietly.
“I had something come up; I’m going to discuss it with the media after you handle what you came here to talk about.”
Starr nodded. The congressman stepped to the podium while Harper tried his best to blend into the background. He stood next to several other members of the commonwealth’s congressional delegation and watched the master as he worked his magic on the media.
“Good morning,” Starr said. He had both of his hands on the podium. Every so often, he rubbed his right hand along the podium’s surface. Starr was among the best orators on Capitol Hill, and his speeches on the House floor came close to filibuster lengths on occasion. He normally wore a suit jacket – usually black, his best color — but today, he chose to wear a white short-sleeved Oxford, the top button loose without a tie, as he addressed the media. “This afternoon, I intend to file articles of impeachment against President Sarah Kendall.”
The ripples of shock and awe rolled through the assembled members of the Fourth Estate. Hands couldn’t stop pens from leaking ink on pristine white pads. Some reporters turned their wrists to make sure their tape recorders got every word. Several murmured between each other.
“Sarah Kendall was a colleague and, of course, a friend, and this brings me great sadness,” Starr continued. “But I must put the country above friendships and past working relationships. President Kendall has not lived up to her end of the bargain that she campaigned on, and it’s up to us as Americans to make sure that politicians live up to their promises.
“Our Constitution provides us with a system of checks and balances, and if we believe the president is not doing a good job, then we must make our voices heard. And if the president has committed crimes against the people while in office, they must face the consequences.”
“Is this due to the implications laid down by your protégé, Congressman?” Mike Elfland, the reporter from the Telegram & Gazette, asked with his hand raised.
“For the most part, Mike. Representative Harper brought the allegations and the gentleman from the MBTA to me, and I spoke with other congressional members yesterday. They felt it wise and prudent to bring these charges to a vote, then send it to the Senate for the trial. I believe it will pass the House without a problem from the Democrats.”
“How did you bring these charges up so quickly?”
“My secretary is a fast typist,” Starr replied with a wry grin. “No, this discussion has gone on for a long time, and I had my people draft the articles about a week or so ago, after the president failed to send aid in a timely fashion to Los Angeles. The events of the past few days have only reinforced my belief and proved that Sarah Kendall is not fit to lead the United States of America.”
Starr stepped aside and let Harper take the podium. The clicks of cameras ripped away, drowning out the sounds of passing cars. The young representative took a deep breath as he looked at the reporters and gave a soft grin.
“First, I want to apologize for my tardiness today. I try my best to get to appointments on time. Secondly, I want to thank Congressman Starr for allowing me to share the microphone with him.
“Over the past few days I’ve talked about President Kendall and her improprieties while serving this country’s people in Washington, but what I’ve learned this morning — only a few minutes ago, actually — galls me to no end. The president has sent federal agents into the headquarters of Worcester’s favorite son, Grant Chillings, for reasons unknown.” Harper waited a few moments as the enormity of his accusation fell on the press, much like Starr’s announcement had a few minutes earlier. “I don’t know what they are looking for, and they wouldn’t tell me, but I can assure you all that my old friend, one of my oldest friends, did nothing wrong. I will fight to the ends of the earth for him, especially now, in his time of need.”
Harper didn’t hear the questions ripping his way. He seemingly stared off into the distance, his mind not on the new conference’s agenda.

Chapter 26
Situation Room, White House, Washington, D.C.
Wednesday, July 21, 2011 — 11:15 a.m.

Alex Dupuis had watched the video message three times, and she still could not believe her eyes. The message was quite clear, though. Chillings intended to attack Boston again.
How he would do it, though, was not entirely clear to her.
Dupuis leaned back, her hands resting on her stomach as she kept her eyes on her own iPad. She rolled her tongue back and forth, as if trying to catch the remnants of her breakfast, but the distraction didn’t help. Her mind felt like it sat in neutral, with only the citizens of Boston and the unknown possessing her thought process.
Her distraction nearly made her miss Jaclyn’s call. She snatched her phone up on the third ring.
“Hello?”
“Chief? You okay? You sound like you’ve received a nasty shock.”
“You ain’t just whistlin’ Dixie, Jaclyn. We know where Chillings will strike next.”
“Where?”
“Stop me if you’ve heard this before: Boston.”
“I should’ve known.”
“There’s only one catch, though: He hasn’t informed us how he will attack.”
Jaclyn snorted into the phone.
“He didn’t want to make it too easy for me now, did he?”
“Not at all. What have you —”
Bodies around the conference table stood as President Kendall entered. Alex half-stood.
“Madame President, Agent Snapshot is on the line.”
“Good, I want to know what the hell is going on up there,” Kendall said, a touch of anger on her tongue. “When was the last report we received from her?”
Dupuis blanched.
“I believe this is the latest report now.”
The president dropped into her customary chair as Dupuis put her cell phone on speaker. A nervous energy pulsed through the Situation Room; everyone noticed Kendall’s usual joyfulness had disappeared. No one knew what to say. They stayed silent as the director and the president leaned in toward the former’s phone.
“Good, let’s have it.”
“Jaclyn,” Dupuis said, “what do you have for us? The president is here listening.”
“Well, first of all, we had a busy night in Boston,” Jaclyn said before she proceeded to tell the tale of Chillings’ attack of the JFK Federal Building. “I managed to defeat most of his troops with the missile launcher in my Porsche.”
Dupuis watched Kendall’s reaction: The president’s eyes widened before she mouthed, “Missile launcher in my Porsche.” Dupuis couldn’t help but grin as Kendall shook away her confusion.
“Go on, Snapshot. What happened after that?”
“I chased Chillings through one of the subway tunnels and I nearly got killed doing it. I noticed Chillings slip into the subway station through my HUD’s long-range sight program, and I —”
“Hold up, you were almost killed?” the president asked.
“Yes. Someone, probably one of Chillings’ flunkies, drove a subway train after hours and luckily I dove out of the way before it made me a part of the line.”
“It wasn’t on one of the third rail electrical lines, was it?”
The two women heard Jaclyn give a huff.
“I don’t think I would be able to give you this report, ma’am, if it was a third rail line. I’d be agent fricassee right now. We played follow the leader in the Green Line.”
Kendall smiled softly.
“Forgive me, my mind is not altogether here.” She took a deep breath, her lips firmed together. “So,” Kendall said, “our earlier hypothesis is correct: Chillings is behind the attack on Boston.”
“That’s how it looks, Madame President. The fact he was seen attacking a federal building can only mean he’s our prime suspect in everything: The initial attack on Boston, yesterday’s attack on Leominster, the sudden disappearance of all his company’s Board of Directors. His rap sheet grows by the second.” 
“And he still wants to attack Boston again,” Dupuis said. “We just don’t know how yet.”
“Right, and the third time is always the charm. It’s my belief last night’s attack stemmed from him wanting to recapture the sports drink samples I obtained from the Little League field, and Chief, I received an e-mail from the doctor: It was Ethylene Glycol in the sports drinks, and we’re just waiting for confirmation from Tulli on our end.”
“What’s Ethylene Glycol?” Kendall asked.
“It’s the base product for radiator antifreeze,” Jaclyn replied.
A pall of silence filled the Situation Room for a few seconds before an aide said, “My God.” Kendall’s sharp look silenced him.
“What else do you have on that portion of the case, Jaclyn?” she asked.
“Basically speaking, ma’am, it’s the second most perfect poison: It is clear, odorless, and is sweet-tasting. And because it’s blue, the kids had no idea what they were drinking was anything different from what they usually drink at their games.”
“And if Chillings is behind an attack on kids involving sports drinks, you have to figure there’s something in it for him,” Dupuis said.
“Right Chief, and it comes down to his profit margin rising.”
“Freeze his assets immediately,” Kendall ordered. “We’ve infiltrated his holdings?”
Dupuis nodded.
“Jaclyn is there now.”
“Did you find anything of note, Snapshot?”
“We’ve searched all of his properties and came up with pretty much nothing. I found a map in his office though, Chief. I did a couple of searches on the web and I was able to determine a possible location for where he may be located now.”
“I don’t want possibilities,” the president said, standing up, leaning over and grabbing the water pitcher a few feet away from its normal position in front of her. “I want hard-core facts.”
“The only way we’re going to find out if this lead is fact, ma’am, is if I investigate it thoroughly.”
“Jaclyn,” Dupuis said. Her voice maintained the calm demeanor that her predecessor, Daniel Stephens, always admired in her. “Where do you think Chillings is now?”
“The Quabbin Reservoir.”
Glass breaking filled the room, and Dupuis realized it came from near the president. She saw the president staring at the phone, as if her body couldn’t will her eyes to tear their gaze away. 
Dupuis felt her heart beat accelerate just a tad.
“Are you serious, Jaclyn?” Kendall said as she finally found her voice.
“Yes Madame President. I’m dead serious. The map has an ‘X’ right over a land mass that sticks out right into the water.”
“That would be the Prescott Peninsula.” Kendall leaned back into her chair as she spoke. Dupuis noticed the look on her face as Kendall stopped moving; it was of confusion. There was also a calculating look there, but the director could not exactly place it. Kendall swiveled gently in her chair.
But when Kendall snapped herself out of it after a few seconds’ meditation and looked at Dupuis, the president laid everything out for her and Jaclyn.
“Boston began out-stripping its initial water resources as it grew. The General Court began looking into additional areas for reservoirs in the late 19th Century, and before the turn of the century, the Commonwealth created the Wachusett Reservoir. By the mid 1920s, the prep work to build the Quabbin began. A little over a decade later, workers diverted the waters from the Swift River, and the towns of Dana, Prescott, Enfield and Greenwich were decommissioned. As the water level rose, the Quabbin Reservoir was born.
“The Prescott Peninsula is, for the most part, the only piece of those towns remaining. It was once a mountain, part of the eastern edge of the Berkshires. The Commonwealth divvied up the rest of the town’s land between the surrounding towns. There is Dana Common, but it is now part of Petersham. If Chillings is holed up there, there can be only one place I know of that would be adequate to house him.”
“The observatory,” Jaclyn said. “I figured it out while reading.”
“Correct.” Kendall resumed her lecture. “Whatever Chillings has planned for Boston —”
The president froze and paled. Her eyes turned glassy, as if she had consumed a great amount of alcohol and failed the field sobriety test.
“Madame President, are you alright?” Dupuis asked, leaning over and grabbing her arm.
Kendall nodded. The door to the Situation Room opened as Bennett walked in. 
“What’s going on, Sarah?”
“She was about to tell us how the maniac is going to attack Boston again when you walked in, Dick.”
Bennett closed his eyes and rubbed his forehead.
The president gulped air. The color slowly returned to her face. She sat up and rested her arms on the table.
“I don’t know why we didn’t see this in the first place. Jaclyn,” Kendall said, “he’s going to somehow contaminate the Quabbin’s waters.” Murmurs erupted in the Sit Room. “Everyone, please be quiet, and remember: Not a word to anyone outside this room.” She turned her attention back to the phone. “The Quabbin is the main water source for the city of Boston. I don’t know how he’s going to do it, but it’s the only logical explanation: Why would he go to the Quabbin? Why did he poison and kill all those people?”
The president looked at everyone, and Dupuis figured Kendall wanted an answer.
“Let me put it another way,” the president said when no answer came. “Chillings’ business is water. Let’s go with a hypothetical here: What if he contrived all of these incidents to not only eliminate the competition, but as a way to make his product seem better?”
“If that’s true, we can add economic terrorism to the list of charges,” Jaclyn said.
“Right,” Dupuis said, “and if he poisons Boston’s drinking water, that’ll be another feather in his cap, and it’ll be another disaster that the president’s administration would need to attend to, or else her reputation would go further into the crapper. Now all we need is to find him. Snapshot, go to the Quabbin Reservoir and apprehend him. Use any and all methods necessary to stop him from attacking Boston again.”
“I will, Chief.”
“Jaclyn,” Kendall said. “it’s 11:30. I’m giving you 24 hours from now to put an end to this whole scene. We can’t let this monster hold sway over not only Greater Boston, but parts of Greater Springfield, too: the reservoir serves a few communities in Western Mass. You have 24 hours, or I will use drastic measures. We can’t have that lunatic running about any longer.”
“You can count on me, Madame President. I won’t need all 24 hours. I’ll have him in custody by breakfast tomorrow.”
Jaclyn hung up. Dupuis disconnected the call.
“What do you mean by drastic measures, Sarah?” Bennett asked. “Wouldn’t sending in a green CIA agent —”
“Dick,” Kendall warned.
“— into this kind of situation be considered drastic?”
“Enough.” Kendall rose. “Honestly, I don’t know what we’re going to do if she doesn’t come through for us.”
“She won’t.”
“She will,” Dupuis stressed. “I have every confidence that Jaclyn will infiltrate the observatory and —”
“Wait a second,” Bennett interrupted. “What observatory?”
When Kendall finished explaining Jaclyn’s discovery of the map and where they believed Chillings was located, Bennett could have breathed fire.
“The peninsula is protected land; people aren’t allowed there. The conservationists are going to tap dance all over us if we fuck up.”
Dupuis sighed.
“Always a breath of fresh air, aren’t you?”
“Enough, the both of you,” Kendall said. “Alex, I have to side with Dick here; the tree-huggers will vilify me if this plan doesn’t work. I’m hoping that Jaclyn succeeds, because I’d have to do something I would greatly regret if she doesn’t.”
Neither Dupuis nor Bennett had anything to say to that, but the director noticed a smug smile on the face of the White House Chief of Staff.

***

Union Station, Worcester, Mass.
Wednesday, July 21, 2011 — 11:35 a.m.

Jaclyn leaned back in Chillings’ chair, holding her BlackBerry against her chest. Swiveling in the chair, she thought about the president’s final words before she hung up.
That’s not like you’re putting a whole lot of pressure on me now, is it? she thought. I don’t have to save the world, I have to save my own life, as well.
She gave a wry grin.
But this is what the government trained me for all those years. Saving the world and doing so under immense pressure. They picked this life out for me.
Jaclyn breathed deep. 
“What’s the worst that’s going to happen if I fail? Kendall launches a nuke and wipes out Chillings and I?” she said aloud. No one heard her. “I just hope it doesn’t come to that.”
She stood and made her way back downstairs. She would station an agent at the office until a locksmith arrived, but she had a feeling deep inside that Chillings would never step foot in this place again.
She made her way back to Boston, waiting for night to fall.

Chapter 27
Marriott Long Wharf, Boston, Mass.
Wednesday, July 21, 2011 — 7:30 p.m.

Eight hours of the president’s 24-hour window passed Jaclyn by, and all she did was sleep.
Fully rested after a good six-hour nap, she awoke to the darkening eastern sky. Sliding out of bed wearing her trusty Mariners shorts and a white t-shirt, the federal agent walked bare foot to the window, pushing the lace checkerboard curtains aside. Beyond the New England Aquarium, Jaclyn saw a jet approaching the runway at Logan. Jaclyn stared east with hardened determination, as if her gaze could shatter the glass in front of her. 
She turned away after a few more seconds and, as soon as the curtain fell into place, stripped the t-shirt and shorts off. Jaclyn grabbed the black Lycra jumpsuit, stepped into it and slid it up her body, feeling the material caress her skin as she pulled it over the gentle swell of her buttocks. She zipped it up and protected the zipper with the flap. Within a few minutes, she had a different set of black boots on — she recalled what the president said about the peninsula being part of an old hill, and she didn’t think the stiletto boots would be appropriate walking gear — and her hair tied back. Jaclyn checked her Walthers and stowed several magazines and other necessities on her utility belt. 
She took a long look at herself in the mirror. A smirk registered.
It was time to work.
Jaclyn gathered her long black trench coat and slid out of the hotel room, choosing to go out the front door instead of the stealthy out-the-window way tonight. She didn’t care if anyone saw her right now; she kept her heavy arsenal from view of the public, though. She ignored the stares coming from the employees behind the desk or the guests making their way back to their rooms after a day of delightful tourism. She didn’t know or care what they thought of her dressed like this, but there was one thing certain — they were right in giving her a wide berth as she power walked across the red and white checkerboard floor to the escalator.
She stepped outside and felt Boston’s warm air surround her as she waited for the attendant to bring the Porsche to her. She didn’t wait long, as the sleek car pulled up to the curb. She didn’t really need the attendant to bring it, but that would have let the cat out of the bag on at least one of its capabilities: Everyone else who saw what it could do was either dead or in custody, save one.
Chillings.
Jaclyn’s cheek flared as she thought of the chase last night.
Now the chase ends, she thought as she slid into the driver’s side, handing the young man a $5 tip and a gentle caress of her hand on his cheek. She closed the door before he could stammer his appreciation, and immediately pulled away and made her way to the Mass. Pike.
As soon as she reached the busy Pike, she put the Porsche on autopilot with a simple voice command and grabbed her iPad. The car wound its way through the heart of Boston on its own as she called up information on the Quabbin Reservoir. With two hours of driving ahead of her, she had plenty of time to come up with a plan of attack. 
Jaclyn first scanned the layout of Prescott Peninsula. The terrain looked as rugged as the president had said earlier. Several small hills covered the initial stage of her walk, but as she looked a little closer to the map, she saw a road that skirted these hills as it meandered southward toward the observatory. She shrugged this aside with a glance out the windshield.
She leaned back into the bucket seat as the Porsche slowed down near the Allston tolls. She paid the initial toll and deflected a glance from the toll taker before the car zoomed away, as if it grew too anxious this close to the city. Within a few heartbeats, Jaclyn saw a wide asphalt expanse in front of her — as well as the sun making its final bow for the day. She took a few moments and appreciated the view with a smile.
Before long, Jaclyn’s speedy steel chariot sped through Natick and Framingham. She cruised past Westborough and the Interstate 495 interchange. She left Millbury and Auburn in her wake. She waved good bye to Charlton and Sturbridge without slowing. The Porsche’s exterior sensors worked overtime, making sure it could change lanes on its own once the inevitable slower traffic came into play.
She drove beyond Sturbridge and entered Western Massachusetts. Her heart rate accelerated just as the tires increased their RPMs through Warren. The Porsche’s air conditioning kept her a normal temperature.
And even with the scenic vistas passing her, her only thought involved infiltrating Chillings’ new base of operations and apprehending him — or putting a bullet in him, if she had to do so. She would have to ease her way into the observatory: She had a feeling Chillings would have a small army at his disposal much like he did last night, and it would not do her any good if she managed to get herself captured. Millions of lives were at stake here, and she could not save them if Chillings imprisoned her. She felt the comforting presence of her six Walther P99s resting against her body.
Jaclyn took a deep breath as she sped down the approach toward Exit 8, a grin sliding across her face as she thought of the inevitable showdown that lay after she exited the highway at Exit 7. 
The Porsche continued westward as the sun winked out beyond the Berkshires.

***

Daniel Shays Highway near Cooleyville Road, New Salem, Mass.
Wednesday, July 21, 2011 — 9:48 p.m.

At that hour, traffic on the Daniel Shays Highway was virtually non-existent. Jaclyn had no problem winding her way through the myriad of roads that connected the Massachusetts Turnpike to the reservoir: She got off the highway in Palmer and, after sliding through Routes 32 and 20, connected with Route 181, the last vestige of asphalt before it met U.S. 202 in Belchertown.
Jaclyn hit the Porsche’s accelerator once past Route 9 and zipped toward Pelham and New Salem. Her HUD’s GPS indicated it wouldn’t be long before she had to pull over, giving her soft tones that increased in tenor and speed as she approached her destination.
As soon as she could, Jaclyn pulled over near Gate 17, killing the engine and the headlights. She set the security system, took a deep breath, and, after an icon on her iPad flashed to set the vehicle’s camouflage, walked over to the gate. Her booted feet crunched the dirt and many dried leaves that fell the year prior. A slight breeze coaxed the trees to move ever so slightly, something Jaclyn noticed: there had been nary a puff of wind in Boston this week, not even the famous sea breeze. She inhaled and let a smile drift upon her face.
It didn’t quell the tremor in her chest.
Her heart beat on an even keel as she approached the locked gate, which displayed a NO ENTRY sign. The chain-link gate stood guard without barbed wire atop it, like the wildlife prison the Prescott Peninsula had turned into over the years. As much as the Commonwealth of Massachusetts wished to keep humans off the protected hills, they also preferred to keep the animals that now made the land their home away from the highway.
She saw no other way in. She took another deep breath and, with the quickness of a black Lycra-skinned cat, pounced upon the fence. The weight of her body made the metal clang upon the steel posts as she moved, climbing up and over the valance. A bead of sweat started running down the back of her neck as she landed on the other side. She half-expected a bear to maul her, but nothing came near. 
Jaclyn immediately attuned her hearing to the surroundings, as if hoping no one heard the racket she created. No homes lined 202 on the northern approach to Cooleyville Road, and she did not see anyone walking the highway as she drove past Prescott Road a few hundred yards to the south. She paused for a moment and let her HUD scan the southern approach for oncoming heat signatures.
No one approached. She turned and, without a second thought, began the five-mile walk to the observatory.

***

Five College Radio Astronomical Observatory
Prescott Peninsula, New Salem, Mass.
Wednesday, July 21, 2011 — 11:09 p.m.

Crickets unleashed their constant leg-rubbing symphony on Jaclyn’s ears with every step she took along the wooded Cooleyville Road. It grew in pitch as Cooleyville turned into Prescott-Shutesbury Road while she continued walking south along the peninsula’s ridge. The rustle of wings leaving high branches made the federal agent twist here and there, and her HUD, once it spotted the birds, followed their flights as they soared around the reservoir’s precious air space. Each sound, when coming from nearby, made Jaclyn take in a bit of breath and made her reach for a Walther. 
She continued treading carefully along the path as miniature bulbs in her Foster Grants lit the way, slashing through the darkness little by little. In the distance, the waters of the Quabbin softly lapped at the lengthy shoreline.
Jaclyn came to the last bend before the observatory just after 11 p.m. A flickering orange glow emerged as she approached, giving her pause. Her steps slowed before she edged closer to the eastern edge of the roadway, allowing for the cover of darkness and her Lycra jumpsuit to conceal her presence. She took slower, softer steps and hoped the sound wouldn’t carry over the crackling flames. Biting her lip, she unhitched the clasps holding the guns on her hips.
She found a sizable army poised around the observatory. She gasped. The heavily armed men, she saw through her HUD, were like those who attacked the federal building some 22 hours previous. There were quite a few more of them now, too. Jaclyn suddenly felt a wave of nausea pass through her. Her face became soaked with sweat, so much so that a thin bead slipped down her nose and hammered the soft grass below.
There’s no way I can fight off that many on my own, she thought as she chewed the inside of her cheek. The Walthers, even though she carried six of them plus enough magazines on her utility belt to last for a few hours, seemed inadequate for what she came here to do. She wished she could have brought the Porsche onto the peninsula; it would have evened the odds a bit, even without a few of the missiles in the trunk.
She steeled herself.
I have to try, at least, or else Chillings will take out Boston in one fell swoop.
Jaclyn trotted forward, turning the mini-lights off. 
The observatory sat in the middle of a clearing at the four-way intersection of Prescott-Shutesbury, Prescott-Greenwich, Prescott-Pelham and Prescott-Enfield Roads, its multi-paneled dome a rather curiously placed artifact in the middle of the deep Quabbin woods. Research and technological development, Jaclyn learned as she drove westward, had been the hallmark of the building, which students from UMass, Amherst, Mount Holyoke, Hampshire and Smith Colleges had used since 1969. 
Instead of a home for research and development, Jaclyn had a feeling that just by seeing Chillings’ army stationed here, the observatory would now turn into a den of destruction, starting with the liquid contents of the Swift River Valley.
She couldn’t help but gulp as saliva built up at the top of her throat; Jaclyn forgot to swallow as her thoughts distracted her.
She found a wide, leafy oak to hide behind as the army milled about the bonfire, waiting for the order to rest for the night. Jaclyn saw the silhouettes of tents through the flames and wondered when the men would begin dispersing. She then scanned the side of the building as she looked for a way inside.
It didn’t take her long, only a few seconds at the most, to find a door, one partially obscured by shadow — and guarded by a single sentry. 
Jaclyn smirked. 
“One little duck shouldn’t be too hard; now I just have to cause as little confusion as possible so I don’t ring the doorbell,” she whispered to the tree. 
Jaclyn quickly texted Dupuis to let her know that she had made contact with Chillings before she dug into her utility belt and pulled out a small, clear ball, almost like re-usable ice cube spheres, that she created using her chemistry background. With the building a good 200 feet away from her position, it would take a hefty throw to reach the guard.
She took a deep breath and heaved the ball toward the guard, careful not to make too much noise. Then she hit the deck under a shadowy eave and waited.
The click of the plastic against the stone wall told Jaclyn the collision had ruptured the ball, and its contents were about to —
The reaction happened quicker than Jaclyn thought. The guard collapsed backward against the wall and slowly slid to the ground, his weapon not discharging from the impact of body against either surface. Jaclyn looked to make sure none of the other members of Chillings’ personal militia noticed what had occurred.
None did.
Jaclyn allowed herself another smirk.
“Good old ether balls. I’m so glad I created them.” She rose off the ground and, noticing where moonlight crossed the expanse, deleted it with a darkness bomb as she crossed, her Walthers at the ready.
Jaclyn plastered herself against the wall near the door and noticed a security panel wedged near the doorknob. Looking back toward the glen, she could no longer see the army. She pulled out her iPad and, after she crossed her fingers, pressed an icon that deactivated the security system. It only took six seconds until the words SYSTEM DEACTIVATED flashed twice before going steady. With a grin, Jaclyn stashed the iPad back inside her trench coat. She pulled out her right-side Walther, twisted the doorknob, and slinked inside.
As her HUD began searching out threats, Jaclyn took many medium-sized steps along the linoleum-clad hallway. Her boots smacked it with the power of a mouse’s paw, while inside her chest, her heart pounded away to the rhythm of Morse code.
The sounds of marching feet from around a bend in the corridor made her heart rate speed up. Jaclyn looked everywhere for a place to hide, but this hallway, unfortunately, had no doors. She gritted her teeth together and pulled out her left-hand Walther before she edged closer to the wall. She knew she could have used another darkness bomb, but that would have hampered her own ability to see with the HUD: It could not detect a heat signature through her specially created incendiary device. If she dropped the d-bomb, it would literally feel like her life before 2001. She swallowed her resolve and slapped a button on her utility belt. Within seconds, she felt the Kevlar lining form inside the jumpsuit.
Flicking the safeties off, she readied herself for the ensuing firefight.
The footsteps grew louder as the approaching squad came closer. Jaclyn’s face hardened as she waited for the proper time, all while her HUD blared its warning tones in her ear. She silenced them with a thought as she inched toward the bend.
She leaped into the middle of the hallway, her Walthers raised and primed.
Chillings’ soldiers, all six of them, jumped back half a step upon seeing the blonde trespasser stare them down.
Jaclyn opened fire, not waiting for them to raise their machine guns. The hallway quickly turned into a shooting gallery, the sounds of discharging firearms filling the confined space. Eardrums concussed while Chillings’ men, some not wearing body armor, dropped once Jaclyn shot them. Those in the back fired a couple of shots, hitting Jaclyn in the chest. She staggered briefly, but she didn’t go down. She then saw the fear register in their faces that she still stood.
They turned and ran for it.
Jaclyn couldn’t help but grin. She vaulted over the downed soldiers and chased after them. All she knew is there was no chance of a train barreling her down from behind inside the hallway.
She turned the corner and ran.
Once she came in range, Jaclyn fired two more shots into the backs of the retreating troopers. They fell to the floor like sacks of wet cement, their life dribbling from the wounds. They groaned as she passed them at a trot.
She staggered as she felt a hand grab at her. Jaclyn tried to shake the guard’s grip on her ankle, but after a few seconds of futile struggling, she raised a Walther and made a silver deposit into the guard’s cranium. The man’s grip loosened as his head fell with a crunch while blood spurted out of the back of his head like a geyser.
Yet by the time Jaclyn freed herself, seven more troopers — this time, all with their guns raised — converged on her, not giving her the opportunity to run. She bit back a curse as they walked toward her, forcing her to lower her guns as she breathed hard. Her chest rose and fell with each inhale and exhale, the flexible Kevlar lining mimicking her movements.
Then she shot the first trooper in the kneecap. The man howled in pain as the shot tore through bone and cartilage, forcing him to drop his machine gun and drop to the linoleum. 
Jaclyn then launched a roundhouse kick to the back of another’s head as he tried to come up from behind. Her boot connected square with the scalp. He tumbled forward and took out one of his compatriots, sending him into a somersault.
“You guys just know how to treat a lady,” she taunted. They froze in place as she spoke.
Her HUD screamed in response.
Thunk!
Jaclyn went down in a heap in front of a guard who came in from behind her, nailing her with the butt end of his machine gun. They dragged her away, leaving their fallen comrades behind.

Chapter 28
Five College Radio Astronomical Observatory
Prescott Peninsula, New Salem, Mass.
Wednesday, July 21, 2011 — 11:23 p.m.

The hallway ruckus roused Chillings from his brief slumber, the first of any kind in well over a day and a half. He awoke as if coming out of an arm-swinging, adrenaline-rushing nightmare. Glass shattered. He swore as he looked over the side of his cot and saw the broken glass, his precious product sliding across the floor in a rapidly spreading puddle.
“Aw, shit,” the man said as he grimaced. He got up. Chillings put on his sport coat and stepped over the spill, walking toward the door that led to his main observation room.
Activity filled the room.
“What the hell’s going on?” he demanded.
“We have an intruder on the premises, Mr. Chillings.” David Wright looked cool, calm and collected despite the security breach. “We’ve sent two squads; she decimated one, and the second is about to —”
The sound of a body hitting a floor not too far away interrupted his thoughts. Chillings’ assistant grinned.
“I believe she has been neutralized.”
“She? Are you talking about —”
“Yes sir. Miss Johnson has shown her face on the peninsula.”
Chillings seethed.
“Your son said this place would be safe from human contact. That no one would know about it all until it’s too late. That no one could interrupt my work!” He paced as Wright looked at the floor. “How did she know we were here?”
“I don’t know, sir.”
The doors opened as the guards dragged Jaclyn into the observation room. Chillings saw the woman’s blonde hair tied back and wanted to chop it off, along with her head. They dragged her to a couch and threw her on it, not worrying if she broke a bone in her arm from landing at an awkward angle. They turned her over and removed all of her Walthers, as well as her utility belt, her iPad and her BlackBerry. They took her HUD off and sat it on the couch’s armrest.
“Get some smelling salts,” Chillings ordered, “and wake this bitch.”
Feet scurried across the floor as they tried to find their master’s desire. They looked high and low and came up empty handed.
“Run down to the shore and fetch a pail of water,” Chillings said. “But make sure you drop her on the floor beforehand; I don’t want that couch wet.” The guards hustled out.
Chillings stalked slowly toward the couch and tilted his head to look at his impromptu visitor. His face grew red as he looked down at her blonde hair, the black trench coat and the Lycra bodysuit that covered her. 
She was a government agent all the time, he thought. I knew it. I should have her killed for her insolence, even though I admire her persistence at getting close to me. Chillings grinned. Maybe I’ll let her live at least one more day. That way she’ll see my designs come to fruition, before she dies knowing the truth.
He walked away and looked out toward the reservoir. 
For a moment, he thought he should go outside and rail his troopers for dereliction of duty; they did not detect her presence, or else the clamor would have been outside, not inside. They let their guards down for a precious moment: If the Johnson bitch could get in, he thought, so could anyone else. Chillings firmed his belief by firming his jaw, inclining it several millimeters.
Still, one thing bothered him and made him shift his weight from left to right and back again multiple times: How? How did she find me? I left no clues. I made sure my tracks were covered, and I left no stone unturned. She couldn’t have found me through traditional means; she could not have followed me after last night’s adventure. It’s like she threw a dart at a map and decided to look there. He scoffed. No one is that lucky. He inhaled deeply, feeling his chest swell. He exhaled and felt his nose hair ripple.
I will ask her — under threat of torture, if I have to — how she found me.
Then I will kill her.
Minutes passed before Chillings’ guards returned from their jaunt up and down the 450-foot hill, a bucket of water in tow. They slid Jaclyn to the floor by her arms, laying her on her back and, without warning, drenched her.

***

Jaclyn sputtered and spat mere seconds after the fresh Quabbin water made its introduction with her face.
Coughing out the water that she swallowed, Jaclyn rose up on her haunches and tried opening her eyes. The room’s fluorescent light acted like a sword plunging into the depths of her retinas. She screamed and flung her hands to her face. The pain lanced her and made her roll back and forth on the floor.
“You’re acting as if they threw acid in your face, Miss Johnson. Come, come now, it’s just water.”
Jaclyn heard the voice say her name, but recognition didn’t trigger. The light burned her, burned her —
“Stop rolling; you may be a bitch, but you’re not a dog.”
That voice, Jaclyn thought as she stopped flailing. She pulled her hands away from her face, but she kept her eyes closed. I know that voice.
“I can’t see, Chillings,” she said. “I need my sunglasses in order to see.”
“Not so fast; you’re obviously quite adept at fighting and subterfuge, judging by the arsenal you had when my men captured you. I’d like to keep you at a disadvantage for a while. If you behave, maybe I’ll consider letting you see again. Get up.”
Jaclyn got up albeit gingerly and kept her eyes shut. She tried relaxing her face, but even so, light trickled underneath her eyelids. She winced, as if hydrogen peroxide touched a nasty cut.
Footsteps rapidly approached her, making her tense up. Years of conditioning trained her to be on her guard for anything —
The crack of flesh on flesh jarred Jaclyn’s mouth and rattled her teeth. The slap stung; she silently admitted that she did not think Chillings would hit her in order to get her attention.
“Open up your eyes!” he roared.
Jaclyn forced her eyelids to flutter a tad, but closed them again once the light ever so briefly pounded her lens into a pulp. She winced again.
“Such insolence,” Chillings spat. 
“I’m blind, don’t you understand that? I can’t see without my glasses.” Jaclyn balled her fists as she yelled at her adversary.
“Then how were you able to see me at my benefit on Sunday night?”
Jaclyn clammed up. She couldn’t reveal such classified information. Divulging it would, in essence, be akin to her throwing open the vault doors to Fort Knox. The government would deny it all and would re-assign her to a desk job; neither the government nor Jaclyn wanted that. Her value in the field overshadowed that of a desk jockey. 
She firmed her lips and swallowed her fear. Chillings wouldn’t get her to reveal anything.
Even so, she felt Chillings invade her personal space as he stepped even closer to her.
“You are trying my patience, my dear,” he said softly, but to Jaclyn’s ears, his soft speech cut right to the heart of the matter. “You’re a government agent. That much is clear to me. But why would the United States government send a blind agent after me when they have so many other capable and un-handicapped agents working for them?”
“Maybe it’s because they don’t think you’re much of a threat, so they sent me instead.”
The left side of Jaclyn’s face turned red as Chillings leveled another backhand across her cheek. His feet retreated before she could retaliate. 
With several armed guards in the room — she could tell they stood near her, just from the nervous pheromones they emitted — she knew her chances to retaliate were slim and none. She did feel comfortable in the fact that even though she stood there unarmed, she stood there protected from their bullets — the Kevlar lining, despite missing the utility belt, stayed intact and fully formed under her Lycra bodysuit.
Jaclyn’s heart rate rose to peak levels, and she soon grew aware that her body temperature rose quite a bit in the last few minutes, too. She tried to put her scent — the scent of her fear — aside while she focused on the mission.
Despite her situation, she still believed the mission had life in it.
She flashed Chillings a smug smile, even with her eyes closed.
She only wished she could see his reaction to it.
“I will,” he said, “give them all a reason to fear me after this operation is over.” He paused for effect, Jaclyn knew; she could hear his heavy footsteps pound the floor as he paced a few feet away. She grinned internally, for she knew the weight of his steps came from his growing agitation with his guest. “I will wipe the city of Boston from the map, and I’ll do it in the most subtle way possible. Once I eliminate Boston, I won’t stop. No, I won’t. I’ll continue on by taking out New York, or the capital, or even the little towns throughout the country.”
“You must have a pretty extensive arsenal yourself if you’re going to destroy every city and town,” Jaclyn said sarcastically. “By the looks of what I took out early this morning, you’re going to need better soldiers to carry it all out.”
She braced herself for another slap, but it did not come.
“No, Miss Johnson. I won’t need soldiers, per se. I won’t attack a city with people. Lord knows they can’t do anything right. No, I’ll use my mind to attack them — and a chemical I procured.”
“So you’ll use Thallium Sulfate like you did on Saturday? Or you’ll try to use Ethylene Glycol like you did on those baseball players yesterday.”
Jaclyn heard Chillings snort, and that perplexed her. She tilted her head a mere fraction of an inch in confusion.
“Saturday and Tuesday’s operations were small potatoes compared to what I will do in a matter of hours. No, Saturday and Tuesday were simple experiments, shall we say, to a bigger fish. I used untraceable chemicals in those experiments to see if it could work. And I’m happy to say it did.”
“You lowlife,” Jaclyn breathed. “You killed innocent people and nearly poisoned innocent kids, and for what? To prove you’re a fucking mental case?”
“No, to prove my brilliance, and to make people realize my company’s product is greater than anything anyone else could put out, including cities and their precious, outdated utility infrastructures.”
“You do understand that you’re out of business, Chillings,” Jaclyn said. “We’ve secured your holdings and we’ve frozen your assets. You don’t seriously believe you can continue doing business after all the shit you’ve pulled, do you?”
“Oh I do. I really do.”
Jaclyn could hear the mirth in Chillings’ voice.
“The government will give me free reign over my holdings once again, just as soon as they find out I intend to make Boston’s water supply unsafe to drink for the foreseeable future.”
Realization hit Jaclyn after only a few heart beats. Her lips parted, her hands went dry. Water continued dropping from her hair, plinking off the trench coat, even as she now figured out why Chillings retreated here to this building. If she could open her eyes, they would have been as wide as the MBTA budget gaps President Kendall allegedly tried to fill.
Then she remembered: Kendall figured this out earlier.
“And how, pray tell, will you accomplish this?”
Chillings let out a long chuckle. The hairs on Jaclyn’s arms rubbed against the Kevlar lining.
“I thought you did your homework, Miss Johnson. You must realize that I am not only a businessman; I am, first and foremost, a scientist.” Footsteps told Jaclyn that Chillings resumed his pacing. “I studied chemistry at WPI; I have long been interested in various chemicals. As my business grew in size, I knew I’d have to eliminate the competition in order to be successful. I used my knowledge of chemicals — the Thallium Sulfate and the Ethylene Glycol you so most graciously alluded to a few minutes prior, for example — and took competitors out of the game.
“But now I have bigger fish to fry, and once I take control of Boston’s water supply, and the water supplies of so many other cities, the government will have no choice but to return my holdings to me.”
“So you’re holding the entire country hostage, only so you can get your way.” Jaclyn took a deep breath and let it out slowly as she tried staving off her anger.
“You could say that.”
Jaclyn could almost hear the man’s dimples crackling with glee. Her cheek trembled with an uncontrollable fury.
“You’re pathetic. The United States government doesn’t negotiate with terrorists, Chillings, and you can’t deny that you are one,” she said, her fists balled at her sides. Her fingernails jabbed at the soft flesh of her palms, but her rage quelled her pain. “The state will cut off the aqueduct between here and the Wachusett, cutting you off at the pass, or the feds will truck clean water in if you manage to succeed here tomorrow.”
“The feds?” The man’s voice had a sarcastic bite that nibbled Jaclyn’s flesh away from her bones. “Do you mean the same feds that dragged their feet during Hurricane Katrina? The same feds that dragged their feet during the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico? The same feds that failed to send timely help to Los Angeles after the earthquake a month ago?” Chillings laughed. “If those are the same feds you’re talking about, Miss Johnson, I truly have serious doubts of their ability to ward off Boston’s death.”
Jaclyn froze. She couldn’t refute anything he said without having something concrete to believe in. It would sound phony and a little too scripted. Chillings hit the nail on the head; the federal government had failed one too many times for its citizens’ liking to be reliable any longer.
Her silence filled the observation room, broken only by the substantial swaying of the guards near her. She couldn’t speak, as if she had contracted lockjaw in less than a minute.
“With you here, I can guarantee the government’s cooperation. You no longer have your phone or your iPad, and I cut the phone service here since I sent my message to the White House. The government will never find out about this operation until it’s much too late in the game. You see, I don’t actually have to make the Quabbin’s waters unsafe if I don’t want to. I could just as easily make the Wachusett Reservoir nuclear. One of my former board members lived near it; it wouldn’t take much to infiltrate their lands. I’d be one step closer to Boston, of course, but I could harm so many more people here. I’m sure you know the Quabbin has to open a substantial amount of its water back to the Swift River every day so it flows into Connecticut.” He chuckled again. “Alas, there goes Hartford, too.”
Jaclyn found her voice.
“Let’s talk about your board of directors, shall we? You said on Sunday night the board members resigned. Let’s get it out in the open: What happened to them? I talked with the wife at the Wachusett Reservoir yesterday evening.” Jaclyn nearly swooned; so much had happened since then, it felt more like a week ago that she drove to Boylston. “She said her husband never came home after the board meeting.”
Chillings’ footsteps echoed threateningly, as if pounding on her brain.
“I don’t see the harm in telling you the truth; after all, you’re not getting out of here alive. I couldn’t let them live. You see, Miss Johnson, they were about to stand in my way. They were about to reveal my plans. I couldn’t let them do that. It was the first step, a necessary step, to protect my investment. I killed them, and I would do so again in a heartbeat. They’re at the bottom of Lake Quinsigamond, and no one will see them again.
“Tuesday’s intent, I must say, surprised even myself. I wanted to warn parents off those colored, foul-tasting sports drinks kids drink at their games, and get them back on water. Water,” he said, almost like he yearned for it, “is the most pure form of beverage. People will drink it again, in abundance. 
“When tomorrow’s operation succeeds, people will have no choice but to buy their water — buy their drinks — from my company. My stock will continue its glorious rise, my name in lights. Newspapers will do exposes on my brilliance and my domination of the market, of how I made other corporations weep in carbonation. In fact, I’ll demand that the major beverage bottlers shut down their operations and pay fealty to me.”
Jaclyn could not believe the man’s arrogance, or his God complex. She couldn’t choose which. She also couldn’t believe she had turned into Chillings’ confessor. He laid out pretty much everything to her: what he had done, and what he planned to do.
She wished she could get word to Dupuis. She had no way to contact her right now.
“But what about milk, orange juice, soda, V8? People can still drink those; after all, we still live in the United States,” Jaclyn countered, trying to draw more out of him. The more he talked, the better.
I’m going to get out of here and make sure this bastard gets that needle, she thought, firming her resolve.
“If I can poison Nantucket Harbor’s bottling process,” Chillings replied, “if I can poison a vat full of sports drinks, what makes you think I can’t infiltrate those companies and do the same thing? People drink too much crap. I’m doing them a favor. I’m giving them longer life, and I’m going to help them save on their dental insurance. If they cut out the sugary soft drinks and return to water — my water, my cold, clear water — they will live as long as possible. They will return to water, Miss Johnson. They will drink my water — the way God intended the world to be.”
Two hands grabbed Jaclyn’s upper arms and dragged her to the door. 
“Hold on,” she said, but the guards did not relent. “What about what happened to my partner? Why did you kill him?”
“Your partner’s death was a warning to the federal government; they obviously are a stubborn bunch. I had my assistant look into you, and I had my best hackers slide into the CIA’s computer system. I found out everything I needed to know, then had my troops play at his house. 
“Tell me something — how did he look when the fireball rolled around him?”
Jaclyn fumed. She tried to get at Chillings, but the guards succeeded in pulling her away.
“Lock the bitch up,” Chillings called after them. “I’ll recall her when it’s time for the destruction of Boston’s water system to begin.”
Jaclyn continued screaming, the echoes swirling down the corridor.

Chapter 29
CIA Headquarters/Langley, McLean, Virginia
Thursday, July 22, 2011 — 9:35 a.m.

It had been a long night for the director of the CIA.
It was turning into a long morning, too.
Alex Dupuis did not get much sleep, worried as she was for Jaclyn. She received her agent’s text message at about quarter past 11, but she hadn’t heard from her since. She wondered what was taking Jaclyn so long to report in. The length of time between the last contact and now had Dupuis pulling at her fingernails.
She also hadn’t heard from the federal marshals guarding the woman near the Wachusett Reservoir in a few hours, either. They hadn’t filed a new report either, increasing her anxiety.
She looked up the cell phone number for the lead marshal on scene. It rang twice.
“Hello?” an unfamiliar female voice answered. Dupuis heard the vibrating hum of engines in the distance, too.
“Who is this?”
“This is Officer Cronin, Clinton Police. Who is this?”
Cold dread snaked down Dupuis’ spine.
“This is Alex Dupuis, the director of the CIA.” She paused on purpose; she liked to visualize unknown entities straightening their backs as she dropped her surprise on them. “What is the situation there?”
The officer didn’t want to say anything over the phone without clearing it with her commander first. But Dupuis exercised a little pull and threatened to send more federal agents to take over the scene — as well as an obstruction of justice charge against the officer — if she didn’t spill it.
That got the officer’s lips flapping a bit.
“We’re really trying to determine what exactly happened, ma’am. When we arrived, the home was fully engulfed —”
“You mean it was on fire?”
“Yes ma’am.”
“Where are the marshals I sent to guard the woman that lived there?”
The officer paused, but before Dupuis could prompt her —
“They’re dead, ma’am.”
Dupuis’ heart dropped.
“Shit,” she said. “Were there any witnesses, officer?”
“No ma’am. I’m sorry.”
Without thanking the officer, Dupuis hung up as she normally did and put her phone down. Resting her elbows on her desk and her chin in her palms, she wondered exactly what happened over the course of the last few hours in Boylston. She bit the inside of her cheek as she thought about Jaclyn.
She looked at her watch. Jaclyn still had two hours of President Kendall’s limit left. Her promise to have Chillings in custody by breakfast seemed broken.
Unless Jaclyn liked a late breakfast, Dupuis thought, then there’s a bit more trouble in Massachusetts. 
“I need an update, Snapshot,” she said, as if willing the phone to ring with her pleas while ignoring the uncertainty she felt for her protégé. “I don’t want the president to do something drastic; come on, ring, damn it!”
It didn’t ring.
Frustrated, she snatched it up and dialed Jaclyn’s number. Much like a few minutes ago, it rang twice — then went to a third ring. A breeze blew through the receiver as the connection opened.
“It took you long enough Jaclyn —”
“Well, well, well,” a male voice said. “If it isn’t Director Dupuis, I presume.”
Dupuis had heard that voice before. For the second time in five minutes, trepidation filled her stomach with ice cubes.
“Chillings,” she replied. “Where is Jaclyn Johnson?”
“Oh, Miss Johnson is quite safe, I assure you. I’m glad you called, actually; I was going to call you myself, but the distractions of the morning here, what with running my business and all, came first. I do apologize.”
The man is a sanctimonious bastard, Dupuis thought.
“You don’t have a business any longer, Chillings.”
“But I do; I still have a business. That’s what I wanted to discuss with you.”
“What do you mean?”
“She told me after my men captured her last night that the government took control of my business. Well, I want it back. I will give you Johnson’s life for my business.”
“You’re barking up the wrong tree, sir. The United States does not negotiate for hostages.”
“I must be listening to a recording; your agent said that last night.”
“She learned from the best.” Dupuis began walking around her office, but the racing drum in her chest drowned out her footsteps. “I’ll give you this one chance: surrender. The White House press office is working on the release now. By lunchtime today, the entire country will know Arctic Breeze was behind Saturday’s episode. Your product will collect dust in convenience store coolers, and your stock will be worth as much as the toilet paper you wipe your ass with.”
“You mean it’ll come directly from the White House?” Chillings said. “Just like that whole weapons of mass destruction thing from Iraq about eight years ago came directly from the White House, or the government bailouts came directly from the White House? Do any of you in the federal government truly believe the line of bull you continually feed Americans? Do you think Americans believe anything that comes from the White House anymore? While here I am, a mild-mannered businessman, spouting the truth about water’s health benefits —”
“You’re no better than a wolf in sheep’s clothing, Chillings,” Dupuis interrupted. “You’re a terrorist, and nothing less.”
“Watch yourself, madam,” Chillings warned, his voice growing stern. “I hold the life of your agent in my hands. I’m sure you want her released to your custody unharmed.”
Dupuis breathed through her nose loudly, so much so that Chillings heard it. She knew Jaclyn had turned into a bargaining chip — a rather valuable bargaining chip from where she stood. She didn’t want to barter for Jaclyn’s life, nor was she in a position to do so. Only one person could do that, and she sat in a little white building 15 miles away. And if Dupuis knew Sarah Kendall as well as she thought, there was no chance the president would wheel and deal to save Jaclyn’s life.
But there’s never any harm in trying, Dupuis thought as she brought her left hand to her mouth. She gnawed at her pinky finger.
“Tell me something Mr. Chillings, hypothetically, of course. What is my agent’s life worth to you?”
“Call off your dogs and give me my businesses back. And that’s just for starters.”
Dupuis nearly laughed.
“I can’t guarantee that, sir; I don’t even think it will happen in this lifetime. I don’t even think it will happen in your children’s lifetime. You’re facing a number of charges, including mass murder. Be lucky that your crimes were committed in Massachusetts, or else the world would end for you in short time, bucko.”
“Very well,” Chillings said after a brief pause. “I’ll have to go ahead with my plans to kill Miss Johnson after I poison Boston’s water supply.”
Dupuis froze.
He may be bluffing, she thought.
“Alright, Mr. Chillings. How long do you want?
“In truth? Yesterday wouldn’t be early enough.”
For the first time today, Dupuis couldn’t help but smile.
“Well that’s impossible. How does 6 this evening sound to you?
She could almost hear the gears churning and the smoke drifting out of his ears as he thought about it all. 
“Yes, I think that can work, Madame Director. If I don’t hear from you by 6, though…”
“I know,” she replied. “Boston will be drinking poison by 6:15. I’ll call you on Jaclyn’s phone.” Dupuis hung up, but added as an afterthought, “If Jaclyn doesn’t escape you first.”
She stood up and grabbed her suit coat from the back of her chair, pulling it over her shoulders as she walked to the door. 
“Call Justice,” Dupuis told her secretary, not breaking stride. “Tell them we have dead marshals in Massachusetts.”
“Should I have them call you if they have questions?”
Dupuis gave it little thought.
“I’m not answering my phone today; we have a national security issue I have to handle at the White House.”
She walked away without hearing the secretary’s question about how to answer Justice’s questions, her heels clopping the stairs as she descended. She didn’t want to lose any more precious time than necessary. 
So much had been lost already.
“We’re going to the White House,” Dupuis told the driver. “Don’t spare the pedal.”
The driver pulled on to the George Washington Memorial Parkway and floored it.

Chapter 30
Five College Radio Astronomical Observatory
Prescott Peninsula, New Salem, Mass.
Thursday, July 22, 2011 — 9:40 a.m.

Chillings practically rubbed the skin away from his hands after he hung up with the director of the CIA. 
With David Wright in tow, Chillings walked toward the cellar, where they had held Jaclyn for nearly 10 hours. He smiled the entire way, as if he had dipped his face in Plaster of Paris, leaving a permanent reminder of his visage.
Two men stood like sentinels over Jaclyn, who sat behind bars on a dark, wooden bench. She still had her eyes closed, and Chillings, when he saw her, didn’t know if she was asleep. With the amount of light in this room — the lights were not that bright, being subterranean — he figured she was resting.
“Miss Johnson,” he said. The sound of his voice made her twitch. “I just got off the phone with your Director Dupuis.”
“Oh? And what did Alex have to say?” Jaclyn stood and walked toward the bars, her eyes open.
Chillings recoiled at the sight of her white eyes. 
“She said I win,” he said after recovering. “She said she will give me back my company, and I will rule the world of beverages.”
Chillings saw the look in her face and nearly laughed. 
“You’re lying,” Jaclyn said, shaking her head in disbelief. “There’s no way they’d let you win.” 
“I assure you she did.” He reached between the bars and stroked her left cheek, his fingernails grazing the skin from near her ear to the corner of her mouth. “I’ve won, my dear, and all of my work will contin—”
His ear drum-rupturing scream came just seconds after Jaclyn flew into motion. She grabbed his wrist and, putting all her weight behind it, bent his right arm toward the bars — in the opposite direction his elbow naturally bent. Waves of pain scoured his arm while the bicep tendon begged for mercy. The pair struggled for only a few moments before the guards pulled Chillings away. His arm hung there, useless. He tried biting the pain away, to no avail.
Jaclyn, on the other hand, looked as if a completely different woman had intervened on her behalf. She stared at Chillings and paid no mind to the other three men that surrounded him. Her eyes looked into him and saw his deceit laying there, open to her perusal.
She did not like what she saw.
“You’re lying,” she spat, her eyebrows furrowed as she stared. “I will stop you.”
“Good luck trying to do that from behind bars, you conniving bitch.” Chillings moaned as he grabbed his elbow. “None here will help you get out. All here are loyal to me. You’ll be here a long time — until I decide to kill you.
“Don’t worry, Miss Johnson. The government will grant me a pardon — and will pardon me for every little thing I do. I’ll keep poisoning people, and my company will continue producing the best water in the world. You can count on that.”
He walked away, dragging his arm, Wright alongside.
In the cell, Jaclyn seethed, her eyes following his departure. She watched his back disappear, her resolve strengthening.

***

“David,” Chillings said while grimacing a quarter of an hour later, “go over to where we stored our surprise. Tell them it’s time. Prepare it so we can go ahead with the operation.”
“What? I thought we were going to wait until we hear what the government has to say? We have another seven hours and change before —”
“We’re not going to wait, David. I’ve changed my mind. Johnson has forced me to move sooner. Ow, my arm.” Chillings held his arm close to his body in a makeshift sling. “I’m going to force-feed it to that bitch.”
Wright hesitated. His cheek twitched as he looked at his boss.
Chillings caught the look and asked, “Is there a problem? Your feet should be moving as I asked instead of your brain questioning my orders.”
“You gave your promise. Doesn’t that mean anything to you?”
“What? Have you gone soft on me? Wait, let me correct that, you have been going soft on me. You’ve been going soft on me for the past three days. I should have known you would back out on me.”
“I’m not backing out on you, sir,” Wright countered, his voice a touch stronger than normal. “I’m trying to keep you to your word.”
Chillings stood up and looked at Wright as if he had never seen him before. He wanted to smack him across the room, but he could barely lift that arm. He gritted his teeth together.
“Your morals are all good and noble, but they have no place here.” He walked over to the desk and pulled open a drawer. “You’ve been soft for this entire operation, every stage of it. Now that I look back on everything, I don’t know why I let your father talk me into hiring you.” Chillings looked daggers at Wright. A door leading into the room opened, but neither Chillings nor Wright acknowledged the sound. “I simply did a loyal employee a favor by hiring his worthless son, one who has too soft an underbelly for what I need him to do. So since you have no further worth to me —”
Chillings pulled out a gun, the same gun he used to murder the Board of Directors. 
Wright’s eyes widened.
“You are now expendable. Mr. Wright, your services are no longer required here.”
Wright’s eyes stayed open, a look of eminent fear, long after his dead body, complete with a bullet hole in his skull, dropped to the floor. 
Chillings smiled.
“Ah, maybe you’re right, David. I’ll wait to poison the water. Thanks for making me see sense.”
Chillings tossed the gun onto the couch and left through a side door, never looking at the corpse of his former assistant as he left – nor at the man who witnessed his son’s murder.

***

Reginald Wright kept his eyes on his son’s body for many moments before he looked toward the couch and the gun that took his son’s life. He walked over and grabbed it, holding the still-warm barrel to his chin. Sobs soon overtook him, racking his body until the tears flowed gently down his face.
He composed himself after a few minutes of grief, wiping the back of his hand across his face. He slid the gun into his right pocket as he stared at the door Chillings used to depart the scene of the crime. Reginald, for the first time in his long employment with Chillings’ family, cursed the man that was like a nephew to him. He looked to his son’s body a second time, and seeing David’s blood pour forth only made his resolve stronger. He wanted to walk toward his son’s body to say good bye — but something else on the couch drew his attention.
Reginald found an irregular pair of sunglasses resting on the arm. 
Picking them up, he looked at the lenses. When he saw the schemata to the very building he stood in, along with the date, time and various other things he had no idea what they represented, he knew he held something that no one on Chillings’ team possessed.
They must belong to the woman the guards brought downstairs kicking and screaming last night, he thought. David had said she was a dangerous individual.
Reginald smirked.
Maybe I can be just as dangerous.
He pocketed the woman’s Foster Grants, then left the observation room to think up a plan.


Chapter 31
Oval Office, White House, Washington, D.C.
Thursday, July 22, 2011 — 10:23 a.m.

That morning had not gone so well for Sarah Kendall. Her nerves, tattered and frayed to the point of exhaustion already, had taken another serious blow when the Attorney General came to the White House to inform the president that the House would take up the impeachment vote.
She clenched her eyes tight. She didn’t want to cry in front of the AG, a colleague she greatly respected. Under the circumstances, though, the fact that the emotional toil she had taken over the past few months, and especially the last few days, no one could have blamed her for crying, period. 
Kendall gnawed at a pen cap.
Of course, she could have done things differently. She could have sent help to Los Angeles and helped set up shelters in Las Vegas. She could have done more to stretch her hand across the aisle, even though many believed she was the most moderate president to win an election. She could have told the MBTA to handle its budget itself instead of helping it out of a desperate situation. She could have stopped Bennett from laundering money in order to get guns for Israel. And so on and so forth. She had simply made the wrong decisions — blatantly wrong decisions — in the past three years, and instead of letting her dangle like a leaf clutching to the executive branch, the legislative branch wanted to put her out of her misery before she even thought of heading to New Hampshire.
Kendall’s face turned impassive as she thought about a life outside of politics. Hickey kept on talking, but Kendall hadn’t heard a word.
Only the Oval Office door opening and Alex Dupuis walking in made the president snap out of her daydream.
“Good morning, Madame President,” Dupuis said as she walked toward her customary seat. The Attorney General rose to leave, but Dupuis held her hand out. “Rob, you’re going to want to hear this.”
“What do you have for me, Alex?”
Dupuis folded her hands in her lap, over her briefcase. She focused her attention on the president. Kendall saw a look of concern on the director’s face, but knew Dupuis wouldn’t say anything.
“Madame President, we’ve heard from our prime suspect in the Boston incidents.”
“And?”
Dupuis took a deep breath.
“He wants his company back. If we don’t give it to him, he’ll take out Boston’s water supply.”
Kendall sighed deeply.
“So it’s as we thought,” she said. “Did he say how or when he would do it?”
“I asked him not to do anything until I spoke with you. We have until 6:30 p.m. to give him an answer.”
“Absolutely not,” the Attorney General said. “The United States does not negotiate with terrorists. If this lunatic thinks we’ll give him his company back, he may ask for more. I say no.”
“He said he’d also kill Jaclyn.”
“Who’s Jaclyn?” Hickey asked.
“Our agent in the field,” Dupuis said. “We can’t just let this bastard kill her. She is a very talented agent, and President Kendall knows this.”
“You want us to save the life of one agent against the lives of how many Bostonians? Where is this guy?”
“No Rob, I want to save all of their lives, period.”
Kendall listened as Dupuis explained everything to the Attorney General. The president watched as the top lawyer in the country listened intently to the director’s narrative; Kendall hadn’t thought about bringing Hickey in to discuss all of the happenings in Boston. The fact that Jaclyn hadn’t broken many laws during the course of her investigation — the speeding on Route 2 notwithstanding — solidified her reasoning, and therefore needed no legal opinion.
Until now.
“Chillings said he has captured Jaclyn, and he’s willing to barter her life for his company. He says that if he doesn’t get his company back, he’ll kill her and then poison Boston’s water.”
“We cannot lose her, nor allow him to poison the water. We can’t let him get away with the atrocities he has committed, nor the atrocities he would commit, if he were let off the hook. No, we have to think up a plan that this man would never think of. We know he’s at the Quabbin Reservoir, and he wants to poison those who use its contents. The man is smart; we have to be smarter. We have to get inside his head. We have to come up with a strategy that he will not see coming. We have to do —”
Kendall paused as she glanced to her left. She saw the framed photo that had been there since she took office, a photo that had been on every desk that followed her from the Massachusetts State House to the U.S. Capitol to the White House. A slight grin crossed her mouth as she fell back into the comfort of her chair. She continued staring at that picture, all while Dupuis and Hickey sat on the other side of the desk patiently, waiting for her to continue her thought.
But Kendall’s thoughts right now had nothing to do with the situation at hand, and everything to do with it all the same.
The picture screamed Boston! at her, as well as everything good and decent about the place, a reminder of where she came from. The picture, taken nearly seven years before, showed a group of underdogs, underdogs who had their backs against the wall, and had accomplished something no one thought would ever happen. 
Kendall took a soft breath. She grabbed the photo and brought it close to her. She stroked the frame as if touching a fond memory, and the photo certainly had been one. She smiled as she remembered where she had been those two nights, those nights in New York and St. Louis, and that day, as well. She wondered, not for the first time, what he did that day, too.
Looking at that picture, that one special picture, gave the president incredible insight into this new situation and made her look at the other situations in her life with new eyes. She looked at it more as the idea — an incredibly crazy idea, as much as it sounded in her mind — grew and germinated. She nodded softly. A tear ran down her face.
“Madame President?” Dupuis asked. “Are you alright?”
Kendall didn’t hear her. Her memory carried her back to Boston on that cold, rainy Saturday morning. She waited and waited along the parade route, just like the millions of other Bostonians. They had waited 86 years for this moment. They could wait a little while longer.
And when they rode past, displaying that World Series trophy that had eluded them all, Kendall, even then a state representative, went bananas with the rest of Red Sox Nation. Another tear, this time from the other eye, slid silently down. She made no move to wipe either aside. The tears rolled — much like the Red Sox, Patriots and Celtics did during their championship parades down Boylston Street, all on the same type of craft.
She stared at the vehicle, then glanced at the wall near the door Dupuis came through only five minutes prior. The smile continued growing as she saw that old painting by Leutze, hanging there against the wall, depicting a harsh crossing in ice. She heard the door from her office on the other side of the Oval Office open. Her eyes went from the painting and back to the photo, and back to the painting again.
“Something he wouldn’t think we’d ever do,” she breathed.
The weight that had been on her shoulders for so long — the Los Angeles earthquake, the trouble with the MBTA, everything having to do with Dick Bennett’s weapons deals — all evaporated. A peaceful look slowly dropped over her face, as if she went from a harried politician to a private citizen without the troubles of 309 million people on her mind all in one moment. It was as if it was the right thing to do. 
That’s because it is the right thing to do, she thought. And Chillings would never think we’d do it, either.
She had no doubts of that.
“Rob,” she said, “if I resign the presidency —”
“What?!” Dick Bennett said as he closed the door. “What are you talking about doing, Sarah?”
“Please be quiet, Dick, and sit down.”
“I would love to know what you’re doing.”
“Sit down and I’ll tell you.”
Bennett grew silent and sat down next to the Attorney General. Kendall put the photo on the desk, laying it flat on its back.
“Now, as I was saying. If I resign the presidency, the impeachment proceedings against me do not go further, correct?”
Hickey nodded.
“That is correct, Madame President. That is what happened in 1974 with President Nixon after the Watergate scandal. He resigned the presidency and Vice President Ford became the president. Are you thinking about doing this?” 
Kendall nodded.
“Sarah, please! Let’s talk about this first,” Bennett said.
“There’s nothing to talk about,” Kendall said sharply. 
“Madame President,” Dupuis said. “I know you’re under a lot of stress right now —”
“Actually Alex, I’ve never felt more at peace.”
Dupuis started. 
“Well, if that’s the case, can you please inform the rest of the class what brought you to this sudden peace? You’ve been silent for the past few minutes.”
“That’s because I think I may have thought up a way to get the drop on Mr. Chillings.”
Kendall looked at her three guests and waited for them to ask how.
When none of them did, she said, “I’m thinking we should do something completely out of character of the United States government to bring this son of a bitch down.” She looked at Dupuis, then over at the Leutze painting.
Dupuis’ eyes followed hers. So did the two men in the room, who felt left out of the conversation. They had no idea what the women had in mind.
And not half a minute later, Dupuis’ eyes, wide with sudden realization, returned and stared at the president.
“Madame President, you can’t be serious!”
“I am incredibly serious.”
“What exactly are you serious about?” Bennett said. The look on his face told Kendall that her Chief of Staff was in the dark about all of this.
“Dick,” Kendall said. She looked at the Chief of Staff with something that resembled gratitude. “You have been a loyal friend and confidante, but I can’t explain this to you right now. I may never get the chance to really sit down with you and discuss it.”
“Sarah, I don’t under—”
“No one really will understand. I have to do this. Chillings won’t see it coming.”
Kendall’s voice, normally strong and full of vigor, came out with something resembling gratitude to Bennett. The normally vocal Chief of Staff couldn’t find the words to speak. He simply nodded. Kendall knew that he would not accept it, though.
“Sarah.”
Kendall turned and found Dupuis looking right at her.
“Please reconsider.”
The president considered Dupuis’ question with a raised eyebrow.
“Why should I, Alex? I served with distinction under General Johnson in the 1990s. I’ll be damned if I let something happen to his daughter because of my messes.”
“We’ll get Jaclyn out of there somehow. You don’t need to be there.”
“I’m going to Boston, Alex. You can’t stop me.”
“Its citizens will never forgive you if you fuck this up.”
Kendall smiled.
“And if I succeed, they may put a statue of me next to Red Auerbach in Quincy Market.”
Dupuis sighed as she walked up to the president.
“Are you sure you know what you’re doing?”
“Yes. Don’t worry about a thing: I’ll have the best fighting force the world has ever assembled fighting next to me.”
The corner of Dupuis’ mouth turned upward for a brief moment.
“I can trust you won’t breathe a word of this to anyone.”
Dupuis looked like she steeled her resolve for several moments before she nodded her ascent.
“That’s why the government pays me; to keep its secrets.”
Sarah Kendall grabbed Dupuis’ forearms in thanks before she turned to the Attorney General.
“Rob, I need you to hold off on contacting Vice President Forrister for a few hours.”
“But Madame President,” Hickey replied, “if you’re resigning the presidency, I have to contact him in order to enact —”
“It doesn’t have to be made official just yet.”
The voice that said it surprised everyone.
The words came out of Bennett’s mouth.
“Don’t make anything official, Rob. That’s not your job,” Bennett said, slipping his hands into his pants pockets. “It’s the job of the White House to do that. President Kendall has an important errand to run that in no way interferes with her oath of office; no one needs to know. We will enact the 25th Amendment when necessary.”
Kendall looked at the Chief of Staff with tears in her eyes. She walked over to him and gave him a long hug.
“You take care of yourself, Dick,” she said after breaking their embrace. “Help Eric out. He’ll need you as he eases into the role.”
Bennett’s eyes watered as he nodded. 
Then he saw the photo on her desk. He began crying harder as his eyes widened with realization.
“Oh Sarah, please be careful.”
“I’ll try,” she replied, “but I’m not making any promises.”
By the time they ended a second hug, mascara lines stained Kendall’s face.
“Alex,” she said, taking out a tissue and wiping her eyes clean, “could you please have my secretary contact Andrews and have them ready Air Force One for me.”
Dupuis sniffed.
“Yes, of course Madame President. I’ll do that.”
“Thanks.” Kendall grasped her hand. “We’ll get your girl out. I promise you we will.”
Kendall departed through the side doors and walked down the South Lawn to Marine One, which immediately came to life as she approached. Secret Service officers poured forth, but as soon as she reached the helicopter, she sent them back to the White House.
They did as she ordered, even though they didn’t know why.

***

From the Oval Office, both Dupuis and Bennett watched Marine One take off and head to Andrews Air Force Base, a mere eight miles away. Bennett, however, could not stay long. He rushed from the Oval Office without saying good bye to the director.
Dupuis, though, followed the chopper until it disappeared. With a sigh, she walked back to her chair and grabbed her briefcase before she made her way to the door. She stopped there and took one long final look at Emanuel Leutze’s painting of George Washington crossing the Delaware.
A smile came to her lips.
“It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas,” she said, before she relayed Kendall’s final request to her secretary.

Chapter 32
Boston, Mass.
Thursday, July 22, 2011 — 3:20 p.m.

Surprise registered on the faces of anyone who looked out at Boston Harbor the moment the two-tone blue Boeing VC 25 streamed past their line of sight. They had to take a double take: when they saw UNITED STATES OF AMERICA spread across the length of the fuselage, their heart rates increased, their chests swelled with pride. Some even placed their hands to their hearts, the patriotism at seeing the president’s personal airplane landing at Logan giving them feelings of immense pride.
There were some who realized what that meant: traffic tie-ups in and around the city of Boston. Their realization met the public with a resounding groan.
Sarah Kendall, of course, sat in her forward cabin, devoid of assistants and advisors and knowledge of her former constituents’ thoughts regarding her visit. She looked out the porthole-sized window, her eyes catching the vigor of Boston as Air Force One descended.
I’m doing this for you, she thought as the plane touched down.
Once the president de-planed, she made her way to the tarmac, where a non-descript black car — not the heavily armored Cadillac One — waited for her. A Boston Police officer with the rank of lieutenant jumped out of the cruiser in front of it and walked toward the president. He gave her a sharp salute, one she returned.
“Madame President, welcome back to Boston. The commissioner and the chief of police wanted me to remind the Secret Service that it would have been better to give us a heads up of more than three hours —”
“We didn’t have the luxury of calling ahead, officer,” Kendall replied sharply. “This was a spur of the moment decision. Besides, it’ll really give your boys the opportunity to practice all those traffic detail drills.” She said it with a smile, practically disarming the officer as she walked toward the car. She slid into the back seat and said, “Officer, we’re headed to the State House first.”
“Yes ma’am.”
Less than a minute later, the engines turned over and the motorcade pulled away from the Boeing, headed for Boston proper and Beacon Hill.
They arrived at her first stop 20 minutes later. Traffic on Beacon Street came to a virtual halt as Boston Police blocked off the portion of road between Park and Charles Streets while the president exited the vehicle and headed up the steps toward the Massachusetts State House. Its gilded golden dome reflected the mid-afternoon sun.
Kendall headed to the third floor of the State House, where the governor of Massachusetts, when he heard of the president’s coming, waited for her after he shifted his schedule. Kendall’s small Secret Service detail — she allowed only those who waited with Air Force One to come along — kept up with her, and she allowed them to pass her as she approached the governor’s office.
The governor’s secretaries stood as she entered. Kendall nodded to them. 
She looked toward the Connemara marble fireplace and saw the portrait of Calvin Coolidge hanging above it. She always found the symmetry between her rise in politics and Coolidge’s rise astounding — only she never ran for governor, nor was she the vice president. She also found another interesting piece of closeness between the two: like Kendall had delayed in sending aid to Los Angeles, Coolidge reportedly didn’t care about the Great Mississippi River Flood in 1927.
The air in the president’s mouth turned sour at that memory.
“The governor will see you promptly, Madame President,” one of the women said, holding out her hand and waving it to the door.
Kendall acknowledged her with a nod and headed in.
“Sarah, this is an unexpected pleasure,” said Dean Oliva, the three-term governor as he closed the door behind her. “You should have let us know you were coming; we would have arranged something for you.”
Kendall smiled as she shook Oliva’s hand. She had been so pre-occupied that she only remembered to call his office when Air Force One soared over New York City, 45 minutes before landing at Logan.
“Spur of the moment decision, Dean. I’m sorry. Something has come up, and I need to discuss a few things with you.”
“Of course. What’s going on in Washington that needs my help?”
“Actually,” Kendall said, “it’s something happening here that I need your help with.”
Oliva’s face belied his surprise.
“I don’t understand.”
Kendall explained everything she knew about the attacks on Boston, including the attack against the federal building. Oliva listened intently.
When Kendall told him that she believed Chillings would now attack Boston in a more subtle way than with machine guns and hand grenades, Oliva’s face paled as he sank deeper and deeper into the recesses of his couch.
“Wow,” he said. “And you know this how?”
“We have an agent on scene at the Quabbin, and Alex Dupuis spoke with the suspect herself about four hours ago. We have reason to believe that he’ll poison Boston’s water supply directly at the source.”
Oliva’s face grew even paler than before. He slouched forward and rested his slick face in his hands.
“This is definitely not good, then,” the governor said. 
“No, it’s not.”
Oliva recovered and reached for his phone.
“I’ll get a hold of the Water Resources Authority and have them cut off the aqueducts from the Quabbin to the Wachusett, and have them get people out to the Quabbin and take care of that mess.”
“No,” Kendall said quickly. Oliva looked at her, confused while holding his cell phone. “Don’t have them go out to the Quabbin. That’s the last thing we want to do.”
“What?”
Kendall took a deep breath.
“That’s the second thing I want to discuss with you. We can’t send the RWA out there to risk their lives; Chillings has an army at his disposal, and from what my agent has told me, they are strong.” She paused ever so briefly. “Dean, I’ve resigned the presidency, but it doesn’t go into effect until tomorrow. No one knows; Forrister doesn’t even know what’s going on. I can’t order the Army to help me, since I need to do this as a private citizen. 
“There’s something I want you to do for me.”
Oliva listened as the president laid out her plan, telling him what she needed. He was, in truth, the only one who could help her accomplish this.
“I need you to call over there and get that craft for me. And I need you to make me active. Immediately.”

***

Like many of Massachusetts’ past governors, President Kendall took the long walk as she left the executive suite for the last time. However, instead of going down the Grand Staircase, through the House of Flags and Doric Hall, she took a different route.
She had someone she wanted to see first.
Unlike the office buildings that lined Independence Avenue in Washington, delegates to the General Court, in both the House of Representatives and the Senate, actually worked in the same building where they ratified laws. It took Kendall a few minutes and a few creaky stairs, but she found her way to the office. She told the Secret Service to hold back. She didn’t need them for protection.
She had nothing to fear.
She knocked and walked in. The secretaries barely noticed her, for they sat on the phone going over legislation with another office.
“Excuse me, I’m here to see —”
The secretary held up a finger. Kendall quieted herself while the floor creaked. A man stepped through the doorway to his private office.
Kendall’s heart shot into her throat and skipped a beat or two when she saw him.
“Hey Alisha, can you type these up for me? They need to go to Representative DiNatale; he’s co-sponsoring this bill.”
“Hi, Jeffrey.”
Jeff Harper froze at the sound of Kendall’s voice. He turned to his right and saw her. His face had turned impassive.
“Hi.” He spoke slowly, trying to hide his surprise.
“Is there some place where we can talk in private?”
Harper slowly nodded.
“My office, if you’d like. Girls, could you excuse us for a few minutes please?” 
The secretaries, shocked at seeing the President of the United States in this particular legislator’s office, nodded and walked out of the reception area, but not before catching a look back at Kendall. Harper went over and shut the door before Kendall walked into his office. Harper shut that door, too.
There was an awkward pause between the two. Kendall tried thinking of something to say, even though she practiced what she wanted to say for days, and even for hours. Even for years. The man standing opposite her looked like he had swallowed a good, heavy dose of castor oil.
“I want to say something to you, but I don’t really know where to begin.” Kendall’s hands shook. “You’ve said some things that have hurt me, you’ve tried discrediting me, and I understand that’s all a part of politics.” She took a deep breath. “But I’m not your opponent next year. What could you possibly gain by verbally bashing the president and not going after your own opponent?”
“A Senate seat.”
Kendall reeled from Harper’s answer, but she quickly recovered.
Then she tore into him.
“You’ve invoked your father’s name several times in the past few days. You’ve said that you want to serve the people of Massachusetts the way he did, the same way Senator Kennedy did. You completely forget that I was your father’s legislative aide, Jeff. Your father would never do what you’ve done. Your father was honest, he ran clean campaigns. Your father… your father is rolling over in his grave.”
“Mom —”
“Be quiet. I’ve been listening to your GOP rhetoric the past few days. Your act is getting tiresome, and I’m tired of listening to your B.S.
“Are your priorities so shallow that you would discredit your mother for your own gain?” 
She took a moment to compose herself. She could feel the side of her face turning red. Her heart pounded. Her fists were flexed, the skin taut.
Harper, across the room, didn’t look like she affected him one bit.
“When I found out you were running for office in Worcester,” she continued, “I admit I was happy for you. You were following in our footsteps, helping people. I kept tabs on you, of course. I bought a subscription to the Telegram and made sure I knew what was going on, just in case you ever needed to —” Kendall faltered for a moment; she recalled his parting words the day he left home. They stung just as much now as they did then. “Well, I wanted to know what you were up to, basically. When you announced you were running for the State House when I was about to leave for Washington, I can’t deny I felt saddened that we couldn’t work together, even with our political differences.
“I continued following your career into Boston; I even listened to you speak online. I listened just to hear your voice. It made me cry, hearing it for the first time since you left. I couldn’t believe the orator you had turned into; it was like listening to your father again. I was proud to be your mother.
“But now this week, I could never imagine your father’s son saying what you said about me, even if it is true — all for political gain. I have never been so ashamed to call you my son, Jeff. Never. Not even over our argument about the impeachment have I felt like this. You’ve hurt me, you’ve disappointed me. And now because of your inability to keep your mouth shut, I’ve —” She halted herself. 
No, he doesn’t deserve to know that; he’d run right to the press and use it as a political tool, she thought. 
“Now I not only have to save my career and my reputation, but I have a city to save, too.”
She walked past him and opened the door, slamming it behind her, leaving him stunned. 

Chapter 33
Massachusetts State House, Boston, Mass.
Thursday, July 22, 2011 — 4:15 p.m.

Only a few minutes passed between the time Kendall left Harper alone in his office before she made her way over to her second stop. The drive only took a few minutes, but like at the State House, traffic ground to a halt and curious drivers and their passengers caught a glimpse of the president making her way into the home of the Boston Duck Tours in Copley Square.
The Duck Tours, which used the amphibious World War II DUKW vehicles that could go on land or water, had been in existence throughout Boston for quite some time, yet Kendall, in all her time as a Massachusetts resident, never went on one. After all, the Duck Tours were for tourists coming to the city from all over the country, not for the locals.
But today, she would go on one — and bring the rest with her.
The owner of the Duck Tour wanted to help the president, of course, but he wanted to get his money’s worth out of it, too. He still had a few hours’ worth of daylight left, and with it a nice day, there would be many customers to take around the city.
Kendall shot that idea down: She ordered the tour boats’ recall, even while the owner’s face turned the color of an eggplant. She made a promise that the government would compensate the Duck Tour.
The fleet of 24 duck boats made it to Boylston Street by 4:15 p.m. Kendall told them their next destination: Hanscom Air Force Base, home of the Massachusetts National Guard. She took Old Gloria, a white-sided duck boat with the American flag painted on the sides, as her flagship. The convoy headed toward Bedford.
After filling the boats with heavily armed guardsmen, she sent the drivers back to Boston, along with her Secret Service detail. Even though the detail protested — outgoing presidents still received a detail for 10 years — Kendall told them it was unnecessary, and that there was a great chance that she wouldn’t need protection after today. The agents tried to rally against her, but she insisted they return to Air Force One. The duck boats made their way to Route 2 westbound, complete with a State Police escort.
As they rode through Concord in rush hour traffic, the president had no second thoughts about what she was about to do.
She did think about her meeting with Harper, and that made her start thinking about the way they grew estranged 13 years ago.
It was the night of December 19, 1998, and the pair sat in front of their television, waiting for news of President Clinton’s possible impeachment. Harper, of course, waited anxiously, wanting the womanizer taken down. Kendall, though, felt the president’s indiscretions in no way went against his oath of office, and felt the Republicans leading the charge against Clinton were hypocrites, as they, too, had infidelity in their closets. Harper rocked back and forth on his haunches while sitting on the floor. Kendall bit her nails.
When the House voted in favor on House Resolution 611, Harper leapt to his feet in victory, his arms raised to the ceiling. He started singing, ‘Ding, Dong, the bastard’s dead,’ all while his mother covered her face with her hands.
He turned to her.
“Aw, mom, don’t be upset. The son of a bitch is only getting what he deserves.”
“Shut up, Jeffrey. This isn’t the time to piss me off.”
“Why, because I’m speaking the truth? Maybe he should have been spending more time with Hilary instead of fondling Kathleen Willey, or maybe trying to pass laws that make sense.”
“He does pass laws that make sense,” Kendall countered. “He passes laws that benefit everyone.”
“Who cares about everyone? The only ones who matter are the ones with the most money, mom.”
“Damn it, Jeff. Don’t you know there are people in this country who can’t afford to pay for the rising health care costs?”
“Who cares?”
“I do, damn it! And so does the president.”
“A president who’d rather get his dick wet.”
“Do not use that language in my house!”
“Or a president who couldn’t even get his own party to agree on a single health care plan? Seriously mom, the country will be better off when the Senate gets rid of him.”
Kendall looked daggers at her son.
“So you think the country will be better off if people can’t pay their bills, go into debt, lose their homes, and have to decide whether or not they can keep the lights on in their homes or put food on their tables?”
“Typical liberal, Robin Hood rhetoric,” Harper said. “The health care plan was too bureaucratic, and not even the simplest person could figure it out. Meanwhile, he’s out bombing pharmacies in the Middle East, ethnic-cleansing Yugoslavia, and sexually harassing every intern he comes across.”
“At least he’s a real person, and has a realistic, down-to-earth view of politics, unlike those old coots before him.”
Harper’s face went red.
“Take that back, mom. Ronald Reagan is a great American.”
“Was a great American,” Kendall countered. “Tell me something: Does he even remember his name, or does he remember what color Jell-o he had this morning? How’s our budget deficit right now?”
“Has your hero sold any real estate in Arkansas lately, or has he threatened Saddam and not done anything about it? Has your hero got a hard on over Gennifer and Paula lately?”
“That’s enough, Jeff. Get out of my house and don’t come back until you see the error of your ways.”
“Fuck you,” Harper yelled. “I’m getting tired of someone who likes it where she is and doesn’t want to pull in as much money as she can. How could dad ever be attracted to a fucking liberal?”
“Your father was a fucking liberal, jackass! I hope, for your sake Jeff and this country’s sake, that if the Republicans win the White House in 2000, that they’ll pay attention to the intelligence Clinton’s administration compiled against bin Laden and al-Quida, or they’ll have a great deal to answer for.”
Harper smirked.
“Like the same information they used in 1993? Sure mom, sure.”
“Get the fuck out of here now, you ungrateful little bastard!”
It wasn’t until the convoy of duck boats passed through Gardner did the president snap out of it. She looked back on it with shame, but she had no other alternative but to throw him out of the house. He showed her no respect, nor did he show her party any respect. His actions over the past week only reinforced her decision to let go of him.
A tear dropped as she thought of her son. Another went down the other side — this time, a tear for the American people.
I do hope they realize I only wanted to make their lives better, she thought.
They were only minutes away from the turn off. With the wind whipping through her hair, Kendall wiped the tears away and turned to the national guardsman sitting next to her.
“Do you have a gun for me, sergeant?”
The young man next to her looked at her curiously.
“A gun, ma’am?”
“What part of that question did you not understand? I asked for a gun. Did the commander issue one for my use?”
“Umm…”
“I hope that’s a you’re thinking about it umm and not a how do I tell her that we don’t have a spare gun for her because she’s the president umm.”
“Not to be disrespectful, ma’am, but shouldn’t you issue orders from the rear instead of from the front? Presidents don’t fight in wars.”
Kendall wanted to smack the man upside the head, but he wore a military-issue helmet and she didn’t want to hurt herself. 
“Son, I fought in a war when you were learning not to chew the ends off your Crayolas. I served my country with distinction. I had better aim than half the generals in the first Iraq War. I intend to be the first sitting president to fight in a battle, instead of watching from the sidelines. Governor Oliva has returned me to active National Guard duty. Give me a gun, sergeant.”
The young national guardsman hesitated, but he drew out a SIG Sauer S229 pistol for the president’s use, as well as pair of spare magazines and a Heckler & Koch MP5 submachine gun.
“It’s been so long since I’ve used one of these babies,” Kendall said as she checked it out. 
The guardsman swallowed.
“How long do we have until we get to Route 32?”
“Not long, ma’am. Another mile or so.”
“Good. When we get to what used to be Dana Common, we’ll stop there for a moment. I want to address the troops.”
“As ordered, Madame President.”
The duck boat convoy pulled off the highway at Exit 17 in Petersham and made its way south on Route 32. Normally a 7-to-10 minute drive, the convoy, complete with its escort, made it to Petersham Center in five. Kendall ordered the State Police to end their escort there, before the duck boats turned right onto New Salem Road. A few minutes later, Old Gloria turned left onto Hardwick Road. Petersham’s citizens gawked as the impromptu military parade passed through town.
They continued south on Route 32A.
Using GPS, the convoy found its way to Dana Common, using an old road that the Commonwealth no longer allowed cars on: they were firmly within the Quabbin’s land now. They halted right before a fork in the road. Leafy trees reached for the sky, blocking out the sun’s descent in the west.
Kendall grabbed the radio, one mounted near the driver’s seat. She tried to look out toward the rear of Old Gloria, but found it difficult. She knew every ear in the duck boats would hear her words, though. She felt comforted by that, even though her palms felt like the morning grass.
She pressed the transmit button.
“Take a look around you. We’re sitting on what used to be Dana Common, a town that a group of people like me wiped off the map 70-something years ago. Dana doesn’t exist any longer, and neither does Prescott, Greenwich and Enfield, its sisters. You may not have heard about those towns, but 70-something years ago, they were abandoned and decommissioned, the townspeople displaced, all because the city of Boston and the surrounding towns needed water to drink. Yet they fought for the right to live their lives here. The politicians of that time, though, rejected them and kicked them out. Today, the majority of the land taken provides drinking water for you and your families. Today, a man has threatened that drinking water, that precious gift of life; a man who wants you and your families to drink only his water, his way, on his terms. It’s up to us to reject him utterly.
“Today, I don’t want you to consider yourselves citizens of Lowell, or citizens of Boston, or of Haverhill. Or of Charlestown, or of Chelsea, or of Quincy. Put yourself in the shoes of the citizens of Dana, or of Prescott, or of Greenwich or Enfield. They sacrificed their land for you, and now, today, their sacrifice is in peril, at the whim of a man who only cares for the money that lines your wallet; he wants us to pay him to bring us his water. 
“I say we tell him where to stick his water.”
The national guardsmen clapped, filling the town common with the sounds of life. Kendall’s heart grew twice its size.
“Today,” she continued, “you serve not only your home state of Massachusetts, but you are serving your country. If this man succeeds today in poisoning the waters of the Quabbin Reservoir, Boston won’t be the only city that feels the effects. No, every other city will be under his sway. We’re not to allow this. We’re the last line of defense against a madman, and as a citizen of Massachusetts, I will not allow him to threaten me or my family, or your families, ever again!”
Shouts of “Let’s get ‘em!” rang throughout Dana. Engines fired to life. Goosebumps flared up and down Kendall’s arms. She put the radio down, but picked it up again as soon as Old Gloria went into motion.
“Let’s observe radio silence. We’re going to take this son of a bitch by surprise.”
The duck boats took the left-hand fork and began circumnavigating Pottapaug Pond via Hell Huddle Road, following it down to Albertine’s Cove. When they arrived, the water lapped at the shoreline, slapping the sand away. The sun tickled the tops of the trees across the way, as Mount Zion, the largest of the Quabbin’s islands, blocked their view of the peninsula to the west.
“Put them in,” Kendall ordered. She brought her gun up. She chose not to wear Kevlar.
Old Gloria, and soon after that the other duck boats, touched the eastern portion of the Quabbin Reservoir.
They sailed north.

Chapter 34
Five College Radio Astronomical Observatory
Prescott Peninsula, New Salem, Mass.
Thursday, July 22, 2011 — 5:50 p.m.

Jaclyn felt lost.
She sat on the bench and stared at the damp ceiling, wondering how she would get out of that musty cell. She ticked things off in her mind: Chillings’ men had taken her Walthers, her HUD, her BlackBerry, her iPad and her utility belt without a clue as to where they stashed them. Her Porsche sat outside the gate on the Daniel Shays Highway, five miles away. Even if she had her iPad, she couldn’t use the remote operation module; the Porsche was too far out of the device’s range. Without her HUD, she would have to fight blind, which she could do if forced, but she preferred to see when she kicked someone’s ass. Of course, she needed to get out of the cell in order to do that, and there were only two chances of her getting the keys off the guard’s belt: Slim and none.
Unfortunately for Jaclyn, Slim hopped on his horse and left Prescott Peninsula 70-something years ago. She grimaced at her luck.
If she had her Walthers, she would shoot her way out of the cell, but once again, she would have to shoot blind. She had limited ammunition, but that didn’t matter either. The extra magazines were on her utility belt.
She sighed. Chillings had said all of his men were loyal to him. None would double-cross him to help her. She needed a savior, and soon.
Jaclyn dragged her right heel toward her as the sound of a heavy door unlocked and opened, almost like a tomb welcoming a new tenant. She shivered and hoped someone would help her. Her eyes were able to see shadows, and the thin silhouette of an older man entered the hallway. He held a platter in his right hand. Three bottles of water stood like bowling pins atop it.
The old man stopped at the first guard and held the platter out.
“Mr. Chillings said the prisoner could have a drink.”
Jaclyn heard the guard grunt something unintelligible.
“Here you are, miss; some nice, clean water for you. Better than the water you could get in that sink,” the man said.
Jaclyn stood up and walked to the bars, where she took the water from the old man. She didn’t drink it, though; she waited for the guards to drink first. Still, she didn’t trust Chillings as far as she could throw him. She remembered Chillings’ threat to kill her; it lingered in her ears.
The second guard took his bottle and brought it to his lips. The first guard was on his second gulp. A bit of water spilled out of his mouth, enough for the guard to pull the bottle away and wipe his mouth, pulling his eyes away from his prisoner.
That’s when the old man broke his platter over the first guard’s head with a crunch. The guard dropped like a stone. Pieces of shattered platter tumbled next to him and rocked like a fallen nickel.
The second guard, stunned by what he saw, lowered his bottle and made to raise his gun at the old man, Chillings’ long time butler. In the time it took him to realize what had happened, the butler pulled out a gun.
With the guard distracted by the butler, Jaclyn didn’t ask questions. She found her moment to act. She leaped toward the bars and, reaching out, grabbed the guard’s pressure point near the neck. The guard dropped as the butler grabbed him and lowered him to the ground.
He then pistol-whipped the guard across the back of the head. The helpless guard fell forward. The gun clattered on the linoleum. The butler looked toward the door. Jaclyn hoped no one would come and investigate.
“Thanks,” she said. “I don’t know why you did it, but thank you.”
“Chillings killed my son; I have no idea if he did anything to my grandson,” Reginald Wright said. “I want the bastard dead.”
Jaclyn nodded.
“If I can get out of this cell, I can kill him. That’s what I’m here to do,” Jaclyn lied. “One of the guards must have the keys.”
The butler went to work immediately, rummaging through the guards’ pockets and their belts until he found the clattering of metal against metal. The ring looked like one a janitor carried.
“This is going to be difficult,” he said as he pulled the keys away from the downed man and held them up for Jaclyn to see. “There has to be 40 keys here.”
“I’d start in the middle and work my way out,” Jaclyn replied. Wright fiddled through the keys, looking for one that resembled the lock. It looked like an old lock that had been here since before the turn of the 20th Century, long before Prescott ceased to exist, long before water flowed into the basin. Finding the key that belonged to it shouldn’t have been that difficult. As the seconds passed them by and the chances increased that someone more loyal to Chillings than Wright would pass by, he came no closer to finding the matching key than Jaclyn’s beloved Mariners were to winning the World Series.
The tinkling of metal ceased before Wright said, “Ah ha! I think I found it.”
“Good, put it in and see if it works.”
Wright did just that, turning it and hearing the lock click. He smiled as he slid the barred gate aside. 
Jaclyn ran out and hugged the old man.
“Let’s get out of here,” she said, taking the gun from Wright. She took two steps and paused, feeling the gun’s heft in her hand. She held the barrel toward the ceiling. “This is a Beretta PX4 Storm nine millimeter, right?”
Wright shrugged.
“I really don’t know, madam. I’m just a humble butler.”
“It is, I can tell by its weight. And —” she said as she removed the magazine, dropping it to the floor before retracting the slide; no bullets remained in the chamber. She released the slide and pulled the disassembly latch on both sides of the weapon down with her thumb and index finger, before she pulled the parts away. Jaclyn lifted the recoil spring assembly and central block before she removed the barrel, then continued, “— it’s a flimsy piece of shit. Where’d you get it?” Jaclyn tossed the pieces aside.
“It’s what Mr. Chillings used to kill David.” Wright’s face dropped.
So did Jaclyn’s.
“I’m sorry. Would you like me to put it back together for you?”
“If you could, please. I don’t want to think what would happen if he finds out what I did and later finds me unarmed.”
With a grin, Jaclyn recovered the pieces using what little light she could attune her limited sight with and had the weapon back together within half a minute. She handed it back to him. 
“Now I need to find my HUD so I can find my way around this place, then find my guns —”
“Do you mean this, madam?” Wright pulled out her Foster Grants from within his jacket and handed them to her.
She slid them on, and for the first time in a long time, she felt alive again. She saw the butler’s smiling face, and the sight of him — she remembered him from the benefit — made her smile.
“I’m going to name my first born son after you, whenever I get around to having kids. What’s your name?”
“Reginald, madam.”
“I can live with Reggie,” Jaclyn replied with a smirk.
“He’s your boy, madam. I hope you can live with him.”
Jaclyn laughed. It felt good to laugh again.
“Which way is the weapons locker? I need guns.”
Wright pointed to the fallen guards, their discarded weapons nearby. 
Jaclyn shook her head.
“I need mine. Those are the only ones that I love. You saw what I did with the Beretta? I’d do the same thing with those.”
“Beggars can’t be choosers, madam.”
Jaclyn shook her head again, this time with a smile. Wright led the way out of the prison block as they walked swiftly, trying to remain inconspicuous. Jaclyn pulled up a real time update on what had occurred since her imprisonment. She didn’t learn much, but she activated the threat seeker with a thought. Tiny blips went off, but nothing that indicated a threat neared her.
They turned two corners — both left-hand turns — until they came to another heavy door much like the one Wright came through only a few minutes before. Wright unlocked it with a different key — he didn’t have to search it out very long, for it was the second on the ring — and Jaclyn entered, desperate to get her hands on her guns and her utility belt, which she found piled on an old beer barrel. Before she did anything else, she checked the mags and found them untouched. She let out a long breath.
“It would have been difficult if they touched my ammunition,” she said. Wright held the Beretta low as he watched her slide all six Walthers into their rightful spots on her jumpsuit. She saved the utility belt for last, and she checked the pouches. She accounted for all of her ether bombs and darkness bombs.
Jaclyn felt complete now. She flipped the safety off her hip-side guns — those were the ones she always grabbed first, and she didn’t want to waste time — and readied herself for a battle with Chillings’ men — just as her HUD beeped three tones.
“Hold it right there!”
Jaclyn turned and saw two of Chillings’ guards behind Wright. They had their guns raised at both of them.
“Get down, Reginald!” she yelled as she drew her guns. She tilted her body and brought both arms over to the right side of Wright, snapping off a pair of shots that caught the one on the right directly in his throat. He flailed backward as his partner shot the butler in the upper chest. 
Jaclyn saw her savior fall and watched in horror as he didn’t make a move. The other guard moved in and, with a second and a third guard coming in to help, made Jaclyn surrender. 
She grinned as she handed her guns over, again, to the guards. She had no other choice but to comply.
She needed to get to Chillings.
She figured she would see him sooner than he wanted. The guards jabbed her lower back with their assault rifles’ muzzle and, after stepping over Wright’s prone form, marched her toward the cellblock again.
This time, she didn’t let them take her peacefully.
This time, she got the upper hand on them.
A crack and then another crack put Jaclyn in motion, somersaulting forward — and right into a rapidly growing cloud of darkness.
“Where did she go?” the guards asked each other. They raised their guns and looked for her in the cloud.
Two more cracks followed, this time coming from just outside the darkness. The guards lowered their weapons and peered curiously at the two clear balls near their feet. They were off their feet not a minute later, falling to the ground, asleep for the time being.
Jaclyn stepped through the darkness cloud, her nostrils plugged to prevent the smell of ether from knocking her out. She walked to the guards and retrieved her guns, sliding them into their holsters. She pulled her trench coat tight around her body, then headed off to find Chillings.

Chapter 35
Outside the Observatory
Prescott Peninsula, New Salem, Mass.
Thursday, July 22, 2011 — 6:10 p.m.

Two large covered jugs sat on a ridge overlooking the Quabbin below. Chillings’ men kept away from the jugs, a quart each, just in case they knocked the jugs over. What the jugs contained, they couldn’t guess. They didn’t want to guess. They just didn’t want to go near them.
“Hey, Fantaroni,” one of the guards called to another guard. “Mr. Chillings said those jugs have to be ready in a few minutes. Go check on them and make sure they’re ready.”
“Oh no, you’re not going to catch me going over there.”
“You’ll do it or we’ll shoot you where you stand.”
Fantaroni, a young red headed sniper, raised his gun in defense. The other guard raised his, too. The energy level on the peninsula rose slightly as the two men kept their eyes on each other. Birds chirped and soared away.
There was another noise, though, somewhere off in the distance. It distracted the young man and made him look to his right, taking his eyes off his opposite.
“Hey, what are you doing?” the other said. “I thought you were about to shoot me?”
“Shut up, will you? I just heard something, out on the water.”
“Are you kidding? We had all the gates locked when we subdued the authorities before they could call for help. There’s no one on the water.”
“I swear I heard something, like a high pitched whine or something.”
“You are a high pitched whine.”
Fantaroni didn’t listen to him, and instead turned his head back to where he thought he heard the sounds. He looked toward Mount Zion, the large island that kept Pottapaug Pond out of sight.
His face twisted in confusion when he saw the first duck boat — it couldn’t be anything but one — make the westward turn around the island. Another followed. Then another, and another. 
“Get me the binoculars,” he said. Another trooper rushed forward with them. 
“What do you see?”
Fantaroni didn’t miss a beat.
“Duck boats.”
“Huh?”
“The duck boats from Boston,” Fantaroni said. “They do those tours. I wonder what they are doing all the way out here.”
He raised the binoculars to his eyes and pointed them at the lead boat.
His breath lodged in his throat when he saw who sat at the bow. He couldn’t believe his eyes. It appeared like a fleet — a flotilla — of duck boats, all filled with armed men — and one armed, recognizable woman. They stood with their weapons trained on the peninsula. One of the soldiers unfurled an American flag on the lead boat. Old Glory flapped in the breeze.
Fantaroni gulped.
To his eyes, there was only one thing in his memory that could compare with what he saw: Instead of the Empire’s AT-AT’s walking across the snowy wasteland of Hoth, 24 duck boats crossed the Quabbin en masse from the east.
“Oh my God,” he said, the realization coming to him. “We’re under attack! Someone go let the boss know!”
“Who’s invading us?”
Fantaroni’s face had lost all its color.
“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you.”
“Humor me.”
Fantaroni gulped again.
“It’s the president.”
“What?”
“Have a look yourself; I’m going to go tell the boss.”
Fantaroni handed the binoculars to the guard, then stormed away toward the observatory as fast as his feet would take him.
Seconds saved would save the mission.

***

Five College Radio Astronomical Observatory
Prescott Peninsula, New Salem, Mass.
Thursday, July 22, 2011 — 6:11 p.m.

Jaclyn checked her HUD as she eased her way upstairs, her Walther P99 in her hand. She saw no threats nearby, but she did notice the time.
It was just after 6 p.m. The president’s deadline had long since passed. She suppressed her failure with a resolving grind of her teeth. 
“I can’t think of that now,” she whispered. “I still have a job to finish — even if I end up dead.”
She took a deep breath and walked further into Chillings’ installation, her footfalls light on the linoleum. 
As she wandered the complex, Jaclyn tried to call up the schemata on her HUD. Nothing came up, though, which made her curse her luck as she walked. The threat indicator worked, as it began its incessant beeping.
Jaclyn held her breath as the HUD changed readings from threat to heat signature as the beings approached her. Her heart slapped against her breastbone as she readied herself for the oncoming party.
I sure hope I don’t get ambushed again, she thought with a smirk.
The footsteps drew closer.
Jaclyn raised her gun and stepped out, pointing the gun right at Grant Chillings’ oversized nose.
The businessman, even with two guards with him, stopped in his tracks, his eyes nearly crossing as he stared into the gaping steel maw of his adversary’s Walther.
“What are you doing out of your cell, Miss Johnson?” he said after recovering.
“Funny,” she replied. She pulled out a second gun and pointed it at the guard on her left, edging him closer to his boss with a flick of her wrist. “I was just about to ask you the same thing.”
Chillings couldn’t help but smile smugly.
“The difference is, I haven’t been caught for my crimes. On the other hand, I had you in a little pickle earlier today.”
“The operative word in that sentence, Chillings, is had. No longer. You’re under arrest.”
Chillings chuckled, as if waving off Jaclyn’s threat.
“My, my, you are a crafty bitch. I’m glad you escaped; that’ll make it so much easier for me to renege on my earlier agreement with the government. Sergeant,” he said to the guard behind him, “radio to the troops to pour the anthrax into the water.”
Jaclyn didn’t hear the word anthrax. She only heard pour and water. It didn’t matter to her what Chillings wanted poured in the Quabbin; he could have wanted the Sergeant to pour more water in, and Jaclyn would still want to stop him.
“You hit the transmit button Sergeant, and you will be breathing from a hole in your forehead.”
“Do it, Sergeant. She’s bluffing.”
“I haven’t bluffed since I was 12.”
“I’ll kill you myself if you don’t issue that order.”
“I’m faster than him, Sergeant. Don’t even think about it.”
Silence gripped the four individuals in the room. Jaclyn kept her HUD and her Walthers trained on Chillings but set motion sensors toward the other two men. A spot of skin just above Jaclyn’s lip quivered for a brief moment.
“It appears we’re at an impasse,” Chillings said. 
“No, I’ve won, you’ve lost.”
“You don’t have the guts to kill me. The American public would not like it if an unarmed individual was killed.”
“You know you’re far from unarmed, Chillings. You have every poison available.”
“Ah, yes, such as the anthrax.”
Jaclyn blinked her surprise away this time.
Chillings only laughed her surprise away.
“It seems as if I do have the upper hand once again,” he said, his amusement tailing. “Tell me something, Miss Johnson. What do you recall of the anthrax scares of a decade ago?”
Jaclyn didn’t have to search her memory long; the anthrax episodes occurred only a couple of weeks after her parents died, and not long after Dupuis took the orphaned young woman under her wing. She became knowledgeable about the attacks, having read the reports about the attacks as they came into Langley as soon as officials determined they were of a terrorist nature. 
“I recall several people died and many were infected. The president wanted to blame al-Quida or just someone in the Middle East, but it turns out it was right here in the country.”
“Correct. You’re definitely an astute individual. So I’m sure you understand how I procured over two quarts of the substance for today’s operation.”
Jaclyn thought about it for only a brief moment.
“I’d say you picked it up on the Internet, since that’s where you received your other chemicals.”
“True,” Chillings said as he nodded. “I made sure that when officials found out about Fort Detrick in 2001, I would be there to pick up whatever I could. I said I wanted to do research on how it came into being; after all, I had just won an award for my polymer plastic in college. They had no idea that a bright college student would take what they gave him and use it in an unethical way.”
Chillings’ grin made Jaclyn want to vomit. She held it in, though. She didn’t want to miss any of the man’s confession.
“I procured it, I followed along with what the newspapers reported, and as it was, when I added silicon to the anthrax, it did exactly what they reported. With my polymer plastic about ready to hit the market, I knew I had a hit on my hands, and a way to make sure my hit would find as many peoples’ hands as possible: contaminate public water with anthrax and not let anyone in on my secret.
“You see, I wanted the initial attack over the weekend to be a warning to everyone. I didn’t think the feds, namely you, would investigate as hard as you did. I had been to the free concert in City Hall Plaza a couple of weeks before. I saw the free samples of Nantucket Harbor, and thought poisoning their water would be a way to take out a competitor as well as trigger my takeover. I did the same with the sports drinks the other day. And now, of course, it is time for the end game, which is, in my view, a necessary step to claim my rightful place at the top of bottled water’s hierarchy.”
Jaclyn noticed a lingering smile grow across his face. His eyes, though, were clearly wide through her HUD.
“I’m also going to use today’s exercise as a way to prepare myself for the next big war.”
That had Jaclyn’s interest piqued. 
“And what will that war be about?” she said, dreading the answer. Her heart skipped a beat in anticipation.
Chillings nearly spat at her.
“It will be about water, Miss Johnson! Bush concocted a war over oil, and he got away with it. The next war will be about water, and I shall be the one to start it.”
Jaclyn’s face slackened as she lowered her Walthers. Dupuis had taught her to expect the unexpected, but Chillings’ answer belied the unexpected. It was unthinkable. Dupuis also taught her not to lower her weapons, especially with a dangerous terrorist in front of her.
At that moment, though, Chillings’ intentions drummed that lesson from her mind.
“You’re insane.”
“No, I’m actually brilliant. You must have vision to see what I see.” He smirked as he looked at her HUD. “I hope I didn’t touch a nerve?”
Jaclyn’s lip curled.
“Have I buried a couple of bullets in your brain yet?”
Chillings snorted.
“Not yet, my dear. Not yet. But no, you do not see what I see, because you don’t want to see. What happens when there is a great catastrophe in the world? The Katrina incident? The Los Angeles earthquake? The Haiti earthquake? The five earthquakes Pakistan has had in the past six years?” When Jaclyn didn’t answer, Chillings continued, “There has been a dearth of clean water! Those people need water after a disaster if they want to live, much like we rely on gasoline; it’s like we live on gasoline, and the Republicans who controlled the gas prices knew this. I know that we need water, and I know that I can easily control the prices of my water.”
“And as soon as you take out everyone else,” Jaclyn surmised, “you’ll have a monopoly.”
Chillings beamed.
“Precisely.”
Running feet distracted Jaclyn from bringing her guns back up and putting Chilling out of his misery. A door opened nearby.
“Mr. Chillings! There are some boats out on the reservoir, and they’re coming this way!”
Chillings waved him off, unconcerned.
“If they are fishermen, hide yourselves in the trees and kill them off before they spot you pouring the anthrax into the water.”
“They aren’t fishermen, sir.” He took a deep breath. “They’re the duck boats from Boston filled with soldiers. The president is with them!”
Chillings’ eyes flew open a second after the guard spoke. His concern registered immediately.
Jaclyn’s did, too, even though no one saw it happen. Her heart swelled while a smile came to her face. Her guns, though, stayed down.
Chillings took the opportunity. He turned and busted through his guards at a run, heading toward the doors. The other guard followed him out. Jaclyn snapped herself out of her daze and brought her guns up just as the two men brought up theirs. The guards fired several times, hitting her in the torso. She fell backward, hitting the floor with a thud. 
After a couple of tense seconds, the guards moved in cautiously and checked to see if they had killed her, They wanted to reach down and pull off her HUD, but they knew they wouldn’t be able to tell if she had died. 
They also didn’t expect her to raise her guns a second time.
They fell to the side of her one and a half moments later, a nine-millimeter slug lodged deep in their respective craniums. Jaclyn kicked herself up as soon as the guards hit the floor.
“I swear, I should have kissed the man who designed this jumpsuit,” she said as she peeled the flattened bullets from her Kevlar-protected stomach. They clinked on the floor before she trotted away.
Help is finally here, she thought as she charged through the doors.

Chapter 36
Bow of Old Gloria, Petersham, Mass.
Thursday, July 22, 2011 — 6:18 p.m.

Kendall saw Chillings’ troopers scramble atop Prescott Peninsula as if they had no idea what to do when someone attacked them. She brought a pair of binoculars up and surveyed the scene above. 
The president grinned.
“They are absolutely clueless,” she whispered, then turned to the driver. “Bring us ashore!”
One by one, the duck boats pounded the shore at Kelly Road, reaching landfall between two hills. They filed up the side of the peninsula, grinding the dirt away as water poured off their keels. The soldiers raised their weapons and readied themselves for battle. Some leapt from the sides and rushed up the hill. Within minutes, the peninsula turned into a war zone.
Kendall raised her own weapon and, as soon as Old Gloria reached the summit, she began targeting Chillings’ men. She pulled the trigger and took one down. She didn’t bat an eye lash. She targeted another. Another dropped. Wash. Lather. Rinse. Repeat.
She leapt from the bow and hit the ground running, not finding cover as she blasted the enemy aside. She didn’t care for cover. She measured each shot and fired.
Then she saw Chillings.
The man stood there, looking back and forth at the chaos outside his installation. He had a gun in his hand, held low, and he stood near an SUV.
Kendall saw his head turn toward her. Their eyes met and locked. Kendall knew she had to take him out. She gritted her teeth as she brought her gun up.
Chillings’ arm went up a smidge quicker.
The bullet caught Kendall in the chest. She flailed backward, the gun falling out of her hands and hitting the ground. She hit the ground half a second later. Blood flowed freely from her wound. The sounds of bullets spraying around and men dying came to her in a whirlwind. It seemed as if she tuned out the sounds of battle as she fired her weapon, and in her moment of hesitation, the noise rushed into her mind. Ambient noise, like that of dirt crunching under heavy feet, sounded as if fireworks shot off right next to her ear.
Kendall started coughing up blood. She felt it land on her face and trickled down her cheek. She closed her eyes as the pain rolled away from the wound. She hoped someone would come and try to stop the bleeding; more duck boats came up the side of the peninsula to offer support for those already up here. Her heart worked overtime as her anxiety increased. Drops of sweat fought with each other for the right to slide down her face first.
She opened her eyes again and saw Chillings standing over her. She saw his smile mock her, the gun that did it in his hand.
She tried to smile back. Only her eyelids moved. Her chest heaved as she tried to take in more air into her lungs.
“Well, Madame President,” he said. “It looks as though I’m the one who takes you down. Maybe the Republicans will thank me for what I’m about to do.” He raised his gun.
“Go,” Kendall said, her voice choking, “to hell.”
“You first.”
He fired once.
Kendall’s body stilled as the bullet shattered her skull.

***

Warm air whipped across Jaclyn’s face with an admonishing slap as she emerged from Chillings’ subterranean prison. She looked back and forth with her Walthers held up and at the ready. She saw nothing, but turned left as soon as she heard the bullets fly. She ran toward the fighting.
She paused as soon as she turned around the bend and saw Chillings standing over a woman’s body, his gun pointed at her. Jaclyn watched as he shot the woman; Jaclyn saw the body convulse once.
“Chillings!” she screamed. The man turned, a look of horror on his face. Jaclyn raised her guns and walked toward him.
“It’s over, Miss Johnson,” he said. His eyes were wide, his face flush. “I’ve killed the president. Now stand down, or I’ll kill you, too.”
“You’ve said that before.” Jaclyn stepped forward a few more times before Chillings brought the handgun up and squeezed the trigger. The bullet hammered Jaclyn’s chest, but she kept on moving. The bullet flattened. “But I don’t think you can even fathom what you’re dealing with.”
Chillings’ eyes widened a little more. Jaclyn, her face grim, fired and nailed Chillings in his left shoulder. He staggered. The blood in his face rolled out of the wound. He fired toward Jaclyn again, this time hitting her in the gut. She tucked into a roll and came up firing twice. Chillings dropped this time. Bullet holes marked his upper chest and his forehead. The handgun fell harmlessly out of his hand. 
Jaclyn let out a long breath. She holstered one of her Walthers and walked toward Chillings, but first stopped and looked down at the prone form of President Kendall. Her eyes were open, but the light had left them. She could tell Kendall was dead.
Jaclyn had no time for tears. She brought her gun up and pointed it right at Chillings. She wanted to say something, but she waited for Chillings to beg for mercy.
Chillings didn’t speak again. He, too, died there on Prescott Peninsula, his body next to the president’s.
Jaclyn checked Chillings’ pockets for her phone and found it inside his jacket; she hadn’t hit it, thankfully. She quickly dialed Dupuis’ number. As she waited for her boss to pick it up, she spotted two jugs sitting in a clearing.
“That has to be the anthrax,” she whispered. Bullets continued to go off in the distance; Jaclyn hoped the president’s team was shooting them instead of catching them.
Dupuis picked up half a second later.
“Jaclyn?”
“Hey Chief, it’s me.”
“Thank goodness. What’s the situation?”
“It’s a bad situation. The president is dead; why is she here, Alex?”
“I’ll have to tell you that when you return to Washington.” Two shots went off. “Are you secure?”
Jaclyn rolled her eyes.
“I hope you’re not talking about me worrying about being overheard, because —”
“No, I’m talking about you being shot.”
Jaclyn looked around. The national guardsmen had several of Chillings’ men walking with their arms raised, their weapons confiscated.
“It’s pretty much over; the president’s men are rounding up Chillings’ men as we speak. Alex, I need containment. There’s anthrax here.”
Jaclyn explained the part of Chillings’ plan that Dupuis didn’t know about. Dupuis said she would have a hazmat crew there soon, as well as other officials to handle the removal of Kendall’s body, before hanging up. Jaclyn stashed the BlackBerry inside her trench coat, then issued orders to the national guardsmen to secure the peninsula, especially the area surrounding the containers of anthrax.
Jaclyn took a deep breath and walked back into the observatory, thankful that the mission had ended.

Chapter 37
Arlington National Cemetery, Arlington, Va.
Wednesday, July 27, 2011 — 1:15 p.m.

The country laid President Sarah Kendall to rest a week later.
In the six days between the president’s death and interment, the pundits on television, talk radio and up on Capitol Hill either applauded or vilified her, depending on what side of the aisle they sat. The Democrats wanted to make her a martyr for the cause, especially with so many innocent lives on the line in Massachusetts. The Republicans wanted to know why they weren’t informed of this aggressive action; the GOP in Massachusetts wanted to skewer Oliva for giving Kendall the Commonwealth’s national guard units to play with, as if it were a toy. The money laundering scheme slipped away, unnoticed.
Regardless, the nation mourned. To them, Kendall died heroically, doing what was right. Millions filed through the Capitol Rotunda, paying their respects as the president lay in state, the coffin closed due to the bullet hole in Kendall’s head. Acting President Eric B. Forrister held a small ceremony for the fallen president, where he posthumously awarded her the President’s Citizen Medal before the procession to Arlington National Cemetery.
In a black pant suit, Jaclyn Johnson stood with Alex Dupuis, apart from the mourners. The green of Arlington spilled out in front of them. There they waited; Dupuis had told Jaclyn that Forrister wanted to speak with them after the television cameras were off, after the mourners departed.
For the most part, other than questions about why Kendall had been at the Quabbin Reservoir and who killed her, questions regarding Jaclyn’s involvement didn’t come up. In fact, after Dupuis debriefed her in Washington – Jaclyn quietly slipped away from Prescott Peninsula as soon as the hazmat crews removed the anthrax containers – and sealed her file. 
Crews found no traces of anthrax in the Quabbin Reservoir. They tested in various spots near the peninsula and could find no trace of the substance. Many in Boston stopped drinking city water as a result, despite the assurances the water was safe.
Underneath the shade tree in Arlington, the two women watched the mourners file out. They saw Forrister shaking hands with many dignitaries, before they saw the new president walk toward them.
The president looked built like a linebacker, Jaclyn noticed. She hadn’t dealt with him while he held the vice presidency. He was an imposing figure, to be sure. He wore a black suit and a long black tie. A small American flag pin adorned his left breast.
“Alex,” Forrister said, “I’m glad you and your agent could hang around.”
“Of course, Mister President. President Forrister, meet Jaclyn Johnson.”
The two shook hands.
“Jaclyn, Alex told me about your work at the Quabbin and during the other episodes in Massachusetts last week. Good work.”
“Thank you, Mister President.”
“I understand you had a run-in with a certain gentleman during your investigation of Grant Chillings’ offices in Worcester; a Jeff Harper.”
“Yes sir, I found out his name a couple of days later.”
“He is the late President Kendall’s son, as I’m sure you know.”
Jaclyn’s eyes widened under her HUD. Everything about his appearance now made sense to her.
“He said some pretty damaging things about the president last week.”
“He’s been rather quiet since her death, though,” Dupuis said.
“Yes. I’m sure her ruining his plans at getting his own mother impeached from the White House must’ve given him quite a shock,” Forrister said with a grin. He smacked his hands together. “He’s holed himself up inside his house and hasn’t said anything to the press about it. From what I understand and from what Governor Oliva told me, Harper hasn’t even been to the State House since Thursday.”
Jaclyn nodded and waited for Forrister to come to his point.
“We did a little checking into Mr. Harper’s finances over the past few days; it turns out that he received some campaign finance money from several companies last Sunday night, and he deposited it on Monday.”
“Chillings’ gathering was Sunday. Harper was there. I remember seeing him when I approached Chillings.”
“Correct. We looked into those companies, and one name came back at us.”
“Chillings.”
Forrister touched his nose.
“They were in cahoots.” The acting president handed her a SIG Sauer P229, the short-barreled handgun used by the United States Secret Service. “Alex here says you’re the best, Snapshot. The Secret Service is pissed. You know what to do.”
Jaclyn stashed the gun inside her jacket just as a group of F-14 fighter jets, in the missing man formation, flew overhead.
“You can consider it done, Mr. President.”
Dupuis patted her on the back and smiled at the young agent.
“That’s why you’re the best, Jaclyn.”
Jaclyn returned the smile before she turned her eyes to President Kendall’s casket as it slowly dropped into the earth. The sight only reaffirmed her resolve.
She went to work.

THE END

But it’s not! Here’s a sneak peek at ROGUE AGENT, the sequel to MODEL AGENT! Coming Christmas 2011.

ROGUE AGENT

Wembley, London, England
30 July, 2012 — 19.30 GMT/2:30 p.m. ET

Hand in hand, the father and son rode the escalator from the platform to the gate of the Wembley Park Tube station. The patient sun licked their faces, much like it had before they melded with the crowd and surged underground at Bond Street. With a packed train, their sweating had little opportunity to cease and desist. They were drenched long before they stepped back outside, their shirts clinging to their bodies like molting skin. There was no relief until they entered the stadium: Not a cloud hovered overhead.
The father was in his mid 30s, with black hair on the road to receding. His rather long, hawkish nose was prominent, one that would have made the late Robert Helpmann jealous: It was so much like the one Helpmann’s most famous character, the Childcatcher, used to sniff out children in Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. He wore a faded red Liverpool F.C. jersey with Fowler 9 printed on the back. He had pulled it on so much on the weekends and for midweek matches that he feared he would tear it off if the Reds came close to winning their 19th First Division title or its sixth European Cup.
As a Liverpool supporter, he did not like to walk alone, and never did when it came to football: His 8-year-old son, who loved Liverpool just as much as he did, was with him, the little boy’s left hand firmly clenching his father’s right. The son had looked forward to this Olympic football tournament match between their home country, the United States, and the Great Britain team. While it carried the moniker of the Home Nations, Great Britain’s club primarily consisted of Under-21s from England. His father told him that his hero, Steven Gerrard, would not play in the match. There was some disappointment to be sure, but the boy, holding onto his father’s hand for dear life, shed his anger as soon as the glass northern side of Wembley Stadium came into view. 
The boy was not old enough to realize that the stadium he looked at was not the original Wembley; that stadium came down some four years before he was born. But to him, this was a fabulous place to watch a match. Even though it was his first time in England, he had watched several matches online, and he was excited at the prospect of reaching out and touching the famous pitch. As it so happened, he wore a small, youth-sized England jersey his father bought him. It was unadorned with name or number, even though the father knew the son would not be happy unless Gerrard 4 was on the back.
“But daddy,” the boy said after he opened the dirty parcel, “I wanted a Captain Fantastic shirt. That way, he can smile when he sees me.”
“I know, I know, but I have to tell you something: You’re supposed to root for the badge,” the father said with a smile of his own, pointing to the Three Lions crest that would cover his son’s heart, “not the player wearing the badge. I think I’ve told you that before, especially after your uncle’s obsession with Brett Favre.”
The boy sighed in their living room and, begrudgingly, put the shirt on. Now, some five months later, with the greenery of Wembley Park sprawling to either side of him and the Home of Football approaching dead center, that conversation was dead within his past, the memory forgotten.
The son was wide-eyed, and to the father, who looked down every so often at his offspring, his son’s happiness was truly all that mattered. He would give his life in exchange for his son’s, and he sacrificed countless times to make sure that his son, while not spoiled, had anything his heart desired. Seeing his son’s expression caused his heart to leap taller than the arch that soared high above Wembley. He had to admit it to himself, albeit quietly: He was looking forward to this match just as much as his son.
Even though it was warm, northwest London was somewhat free of the smog that usually covered the city. Father and son could take a deep breath without choking on bad air, even though they slowly walked with the sweat-stained crowd toward the pedestrian walkway. The father had made this walk before, when his New England Patriots demolished the Tampa Bay Buccaneers here in 2009. That was nearly three years ago, and he had flown to England on business; that same day, Liverpool played Manchester United at Anfield, and the Reds beat the Red Devils, 2-0, in a match that he had to watch at a pub instead of on the Kop. The photos and the souvenirs he brought home to his son, coupled with his son’s excitement, confirmed it for him: He wanted to bring him over for the Summer Olympics.
They continued walking along the brick-lined Wembley Way. 
“Daddy, I see the arch!” the boy exclaimed, pointing at the 133-meter tall structure. His eyes were brighter than his father had ever seen them. “Can we climb it, daddy? Can we, can we, can we?”
The father chuckled, and so did the two small boys walking nearby with their own father. Their father shushed them and apologized.
“No, Tommy, we won’t be able to climb it. It’s not like the Arch in St. Louis. This arch is like one big Erector set, and I don’t think the security team would like it if they found us hanging onto it.”
The boy gave an “aww, shucks” in return, which reminded the father of the jersey incident. The father simply shook his head, smiling all the same.
“Let’s get into the stadium and find our seats, okay?”
“Okay daddy.”
Mere seconds after passing Currys, father and son walked up the walkway and came to the statue of Sir Bobby Moore, the defender who led England to its only World Cup win in 1966. The father made sure he got a picture of his son next to the statue, the souvenir of all souvenirs. Something he could hold on to when Tommy was asleep; something he could show Tommy’s mother and grandparents when they returned to Boston.
At the gate, they went through security, each given a cursory pat down and waved over with one of those electro-magnetic wands they had at Logan Airport before they hopped on the Emirates Airlines jet to Heathrow a few days before. The father wasn’t concerned for himself, since he wasn’t carrying a gun and had no reason to be detained. He was more concerned for his son, who had never gone through a pat down before.
He looked to his right and saw the security guard give his son a grape flavored lollipop after the wand passed over him. 
“Daddy, why were they doing that with the stick?”
“It’s security, Tommy. This is a big event. They don’t want people coming in with stuff to hurt people, so they make sure that anyone who tries can’t get inside. They had guns, and there are police officers nearby. Remember that the police are here to help people.”
“Except when they give you a speeding ticket.”
“You still haven’t told your mother, right?”
“No daddy, I want a PlayStation 4. I’m keeping my mouth shut.”
The father grinned, for some reason proud of the boy’s deception. 
I trained him well, he thought. 
They bought two sodas and hot dogs at a concession stand — the son poured mustard all over the hot dog and nearly on his jersey, but the father caught him before he stained the lilywhite shirt — and then entered the stadium proper. The green pitch of Wembley, re-laid for what seemed like the one hundredth time after the FA Cup Final two months ago, met their eyes.
While the father grinned, the son was just as wide-eyed as he had been a few minutes ago.
“Wow! It’s so green!” he said.
“Yes it is. Just wait until I take you to Fenway in a few weeks. That will be a lot of green; green all over the place.”
“That is a lot of green. Wait,” the son replied after a moment. He threw his father a look, complete with furrowed brows. “We’re going to Fenway?”
“Oh, I didn’t tell you?” the father said with a touch of fatherly sarcasm. “It’s Part 2 of your ninth birthday present. This is Part 1.”
The grin on the son’s face was brighter than the day. He launched himself into his father’s waist.
“I love you, daddy!”
The father simply wrapped his arms around his son, who would turn 9 in two weeks’ time. He took a deep breath. He knew these moments would grow few and far between as he got older.
“I love you too, Tommy. Let’s go over here; we’ll get to see the players come out for warm-ups soon.”
Eager to watch the players come out onto the pitch, Tommy and his father walked over to the area behind the dugouts and waited. Security did not step in and intercede, which surprised the father – all he had heard about coming into this Olympics was how they would be safer and more security-conscious. It had been sixteen years since Atlanta and the bombing of the Centennial Olympic Park, and there were no incidents in Sydney, Athens or Beijing, nor in Nagano, Salt Lake City, Turin or Vancouver. It may have been a fool’s hope that terrorists would spare London 2012, but organizers and the International Olympic Committee were taking no chances. Security was to be top-notch.
The father noticed that truly was not the case.
Just before the game began, they took their seats behind the United States dugout, despite wearing jerseys of England and rooting for the young Great Britain stars they watched every Saturday and Sunday on Fox Soccer Channel, Fox Soccer Plus and ESPN2. The United States team, many said, were lucky to qualify for these Olympics, despite the rather easy qualifying schedule of CONCACAF. Great Britain, however, were not the favorites of the tournament despite being the host nation: That fell to Italy, which was currently playing its final group stage match against Argentina at Old Trafford, the home stadium for Manchester United.
Even though the players on the pitch were different, many were calling this match a rematch of the USA-England World Cup match from 2010, where the Three Lions drew the Yanks, 1-1, during their opening match in South Africa. Now, without the true stars of the English Premier League in the match, there was a level of anticipation on the other side of the Atlantic that the Americans could quite possibly upset the Brits. It led ESPN to break out and dust off the “Over There” commercials it had played during World Cup qualifying in 2009. Speculation on who would score first was heavy in Las Vegas. NBC, the American television rights holder of the Summer Olympics since 1988, showed the match live. So did the BBC in England.
As it turned out, Great Britain scored first as young Donnie Rhodes, an Everton F.C. first teamer and a Liverpool native, scored on a blistering shot from distance in the right channel, easily beating the American keeper after 25 minutes. 
A cacophony of verse rose from the English supporters’ section:

He wears a Lion on his chest, Donnie, Donnie
We know he is the fucking best, Donnie, Donnie
He punched his bird, he burnt his house
But we don’t care, he’s fucking scouse
Donnie Rho-odes, Great Britain’s Number 9

The father grinned as the faithful began jumping up and down. The entire southern side of the stadium swayed while chants of “Nah nah, nah nah, nah-nah-nah-nah-nah-nah-nah-nah-nah-nah” echoed off Wembley’s roof.
The Americans’ resolve was great, though, and without prompting, they brought the match to level terms as Steve Membrino, a virtual unknown from Wake Forest, used his pace off the center kick and blazed and spun through the Brits’ defense much like Diego Maradona had in Mexico City 26 years earlier. 
Tommy leapt to his feet, jumped on the seat cushion and applauded Membrino as his right-footed strike beat the English keeper on the right-hand side. He wanted to tear his shirt off and swing it over his head like Membrino did at the near corner flag along with a little two-step dance to match. The referee brandished a yellow card Membrino’s way.
The noise inside Wembley was deafening, and although Tommy and his father were rooting for Great Britain at the beginning, the intensity shown by the American youngsters caused them and many of the others in attendance to rise to their feet and applaud the underdogs. 
That’s what the Olympics was about to them. The possibility of a huge upset was in the making – a tie would have sent the Americans through to the knockout stages and left the Great Britain team watching at home, scratching their heads – and they all felt an excitement not seen at Wembley since David Beckham second his 109th international cap in 2007.
“Wow daddy, this is fantastic!” he said. “I really hope we win.”
“A draw is as good as a win right now. Do you see what happens when you play attacking football? The hockey team did that in 1980, and look what happened? They beat the Soviets and they ended up winning the gold medal. That could happen if we end up beating or drawing with the Brits today.”
The wonder in the son’s eyes showed as the father explained the Miracle on Ice. This match, a Miracle on Grass, still had a long way to go, though.
And as they said on television, anything could happen in football.
Something would happen.
It just wouldn’t be what anyone expected.

The West End, London, England
30 July 2012 — 20.10 GMT/3:10 p.m. ET

In the middle of his evening prayers — with the television on — the shouting BBC announcer distracted Jafar Abdullah Mohammed. 
“And the Yanks have brought this Olympic group stage match to level terms! What a beautiful strike by Steve Membrino!” 
Jafar’s eyes flew open. He turned his head toward the television.
This is the sign, he thought. 
Jafar felt the anticipation running across his skin as he lurched from his prayer cushion, his prayers incomplete. He stumbled slightly, but that was due to his knees not bending properly. He grimaced hard and bit back a Muslim curse.
“I am sorry, Allah. Forgive me for not finishing,” he said, looking toward the ceiling. “I will offer you my blood in penance. But I must cleanse the world of the infidel filth that is in this country.”
He sat down on his couch with his laptop in front of him. He intently watched the match and waited for just the right time. The minutes ticked off, and every second was just as unbearable as the last. He tasted blood on his tongue. Fear began to creep into Jafar’s conscience.
What if the Brits reclaim the lead? The operation would be for naught, he thought.
Then the other little voice began to counter him:
The operation can continue. The West is the West is the West. Just because the Americans are unsuccessful and the British win does not mean the months of planning go up in smoke. Think, brother Jafar! This is why we’ve had all those meetings and spent Allah’s money on weapons and explosives. This one event is what it’s all about! Great Britain is just as much an enemy to us as the United States. We can deal a crippling blow to their morale with this act today. Allah has blessed our endeavor. Do not waste this opportunity!
A smile crept along Jafar’s lips as he thought about this, just as the Americans’ defense dispossessed the Brits’ striker as he surged into the penalty area. The cheer from the American fans was sickening, and it mirrored the groan coming from the British supporters. 
Jafar wanted to vomit. The West places so much importance on sport, especially football and American football and — the thought made him gag — baseball. 
Baseball is a children’s game, like rounders, compared to our cricket, the game of men, he thought. 
Jafar spat his disgust. 
The West should care about things that are more important. Staying out of Middle Eastern affairs would be a good start. Allah will punish these non-believers for plundering our land and not letting our leaders command our people. If the criminal Bush hadn’t stuck up for his daddy, mighty Saddam would still be in command of Iraq. 
He looked at the television again and saw the Americans sprinting up the pitch, casually moving the ball between players, playing an incessant game of keep away from the Brits. Two touches later, the Americans were in the attacking third, looking for an opening in the home side’s defense. Surely, the Americans wouldn’t go with a shot from distance again.
They didn’t.
The Americans pounded the ball right into the heart of the penalty area, a thumping volley by the midfielder. Jafar watched as the players closed in on Membrino, who stood near the penalty spot, staying onside. The tall American striker bent his knees, leapt and beat the Brits to the ball. Membrino nodded the ball low. The keeper dove.
The keeper pounded the grass with his gloved hand as the ball tickled the back of the onion bag.
Jafar looked to the upper left-hand corner of the screen and smiled maliciously as the score line now read GBR 1-2 USA.
There was still less than an hour to play, still time for the Brits to come up with an equalizer. Was time on their side? Jafar could not tell. The Brits looked disjointed, the Americans clearly in the ascendency.
Jafar wiped the sweat away. Even though the sun was down, his flat continued baking. It was after 20.30 now, which meant he could eat; Jafar maintained the strict rules of Ramadan and fasted from sunrise to sunset, and would do so for the next 20 days.
Another thing for the infidels to pay for, Jafar thought. The Olympics fall during our holy month, and they knew it would cause our Muslim athletes, those who follow the tenets of our religion to a tee, to fast during the day and put them at an extreme disadvantage against everyone else, their American and Canadian and British heroes. They must pay for this breach of etiquette!
They do not care about Muslims. They do not care that our athletes will be shunned and crucified for this. Why can’t the IOC be mindful of Muslims’ needs?
No, they can’t do that. The West wouldn’t want to compete fairly – that would be too much of a stretch, even for them – much like they want to completely eradicate us from the face of the Earth. It is why we must fight back with vengeance at every opportunity! We must not let the West win!
Jafar seethed now, his anger palpable. His heart rate rose as the fist-sized muscle pounded against the inside of his breastbone. He did not care what the score line in the match was now. It was not an issue any longer. The Brits could win. The Yanks could win. It could have ended a draw. Jafar did not care.
It was time for him to carry out his plans, his turn to do his part in Allah’s Grand Scheme.
He opened a browser window on his laptop. He punched in his commands, his fingers flying across the keyboard so quickly, they appeared to be a blur.
He pressed enter.
He turned his attention to the television screen, and kept another eye on the CCTV link on his laptop. It showed Wembley Stadium from the outside. There were some people in Wembley Park watching the match on large monitors, much like the ones that were in Trafalgar Square for the announcement of London’s winning Olympics bid.
The CCTV view had no audio, so Jafar could not tell who was boisterously happy and who was glum. The wide-angle shot was perfectly serene.
For now.

***

Halftime approached. The atmosphere around the Yanks’ dug out was of enthusiastic disbelief, the murmurs growing into cheers of celebration. It was like 1950 all over again.
“We’re beating the Brits! We’re going to advance in the Olympics! Clear a path!” 
Then the chanting began:

“The Yanks are coming, the Yanks are coming, the drums rum-tumming everywhere! So prepare, say a prayer, send the word, send the word to be there! We’ll be over, we’re coming over, and we won’t be back till it’s over, over there!”

The son cheered along with the rest of the American supporters, Sam’s Army, as the team walked off the pitch. The fans felt like they had Great Britain on the ropes and that young Membrino would score again in the second half to give the United States a healthy two-goal cushion. Some of them may have not been knowledgeable in the ways of European football, and there wasn’t a Tim McCarver-like presence to follow along with on television, but they did know that a two-goal lead in this sport was better than a one-goal lead.
The father, though, was cautious. He had seen dramatic implosions surrounding Team USA before. He recalled the Americans going ahead of Brazil in the Confederations Cup final in 2009 before the Brazilians came back and humbled their opponents with three second-half goals. He saw the same against the Italians in the group stages of the same competition. He still wasn’t over the Yanks’ World Cup matches against Slovenia and Ghana from two years before. And being a Red Sox fan, he was used to September Swoons — until 2004, that is. He took the safe road in thinking the British would have something to say about the score line in the second half, and he made sure that he told his son – and everyone else around him – that there were still 45 minutes left, and that anything could happen in football. That left the American fans, who noticed the father’s Liverpool jersey and the son’s England jersey as if for the first time, grumbling about turncoats and Benedict Arnolds.
The son said, “Come on, daddy. You know we’re going to beat the British. We beat them in 1776, we can beat them today.” Tommy smiled so wide that the father couldn’t deny his son.
“We’ll see, buddy. We’ll see. I’m going to use the bathroom. Do you want anything from the concession stand while I’m away?”
The boy’s eyes lit up.
“Can you get me another soda and another hot dog? And one of those long horns that some people are blowing?”
The father laughed.
“A soda yes, a hot dog yes, a vuvuzela no. I don’t think Customs would let us bring one into the country when we get back home, Tommy. How about a foam finger instead?”
The boy’s face fell.
“Spike will just eat it.”
“He won’t if you don’t leave it lying around your room. Your mother and I have been telling you to keep an eye on your stuff so the dog doesn’t get at it. Besides,” the father said, “what do you think Spike would do if he got his jaws around a vuvuzela and tried to eat it?” He winked.
The son brought his finger to his jaw, as if thoughtful. 
“His barks would sound better than they do now.”
“And the idiot neighbors would call the cops again.”
The son mocked shock. The father simply laughed again.
“I’ll be back in a few minutes, okay? Don’t go walking around the stadium.” He kissed his son on the forehead.
The boy wiped it off.
The father squirted himself out of the row and jogged up the stairs that led all the way up to the Royal Box. He came upon a tall steward, standing at the ramp entrance. The man had his hands wrapped behind him, coming to a rest at the small of his back. He eyed the father warily.
“Excuse me, sir. I have to go use the bathroom. Would you mind keeping an eye on my son? He’s right there in the England shirt.” He pointed toward his son, a few rows away.
“Stewards aren’t babysitters, sir,” the steward replied pompously, giving the father a look of impatience. “We get paid to babysit this lot,” he added, waving his arm about, indicating the crowd, “not your son.”
The father dug money out of his pocket and peeled off a twenty-pound note. He grabbed the steward’s arm, tore it away from his backside and thrust the bill into his hand.
“How about now?”
The steward looked down at the note with wide eyes. He usually received five-pound tips for helping people find their seats.
“Which one is your lad, sir? I’ll make sure he doesn’t get into no trouble at all,” the steward replied, this time less haughtily and more with a Cockney accent.
The father smiled and patted him on the shoulder, then directed his gaze to his son. 
“I’ll only be a few minutes. Just a quick bathroom visit, a trip to a concession stand and I’ll be back before the second half starts.”
“No problem, sir. He won’t move a muscle.”
The father took one more look at his son before he turned and started to walk down the ramp, a smile on his face. His hands were in his pockets, holding onto the notes.
The force of the blast changed that. Instead of staying on his feet, the father found himself thrown forward, as if the hand of God lifted him up from where he walked and tossed him twenty feet. The notes flew out of his hand and burned in the ensuing fireball. The father hit the cement hard, dislocating his shoulder and sending him rolling. His momentum finally stopped as soon as his body collided with a concession stand, causing his body to shudder even more; he didn’t even feel his ribs snap. He didn’t even register the severe amount of pain that he was in. Someone close by screamed, and his ears did not even register it as a scream of terror; his eardrums were concussed. It was only then that he smelled burning flesh. 
It took him several more seconds to realize the burning flesh was his.
Someone smothered him with a woolen blanket, and soon the fire that had encompassed his backside was out. The screams continued, but he didn’t hear a thing.
The father tried to get up from the concourse floor, but someone’s weight kept him down. He could detect people rushing past him, toward the explosion. Thick black smoke began to fill the concourse as well as pour out from the stadium’s wound.
Once more he tried to get up, and this time felt no resistance. His body screamed at him to stay down and not move, for movement caused his nerves extreme discomfort. He stood up and looked toward where he came from, expecting to see a wall with concessionaires near the ramp that led into the stadium proper.
All he saw was smoke, fire, and through it, the south side of the stadium.
It was at that moment that the father began to panic.
Disregarding the pain as he stumbled forward, the father said “No!” repeatedly, shouting it louder and louder until he thought he could hear himself. He began to run toward the ramp, but he tripped as soon as he got there. He fell on top of a burning woman lying face down on the cement. She was dead.
He looked up toward the stadium and saw the ramp littered with bodies. Smoke poured off them. He even saw the broken body of his babysitting steward laying at a right angle. 
It wasn’t a natural right angle for human beings. 
The father vomited violently, his insides coming out of him with the speed of an unstoppable train. The stuff spilled atop the dead woman, splattering on her back and off it onto the concrete. The stench of vomit and burning flesh reeked, and soon the smell of acrid, black smoke would counter it.
He tried his best to avoid stepping on the bodies, but at that point, he did not care: His only thought was making sure his son was okay.
Yet as he walked up the ramp, tiptoeing through the bodies, he had an incredibly bad feeling he would not like what he saw when he emerged.
His breath caught in his throat as he surveyed the damage. 
The scene was incredible. 
The scene was horrific.
He could not believe his eyes.
What he saw at that very moment reminded him of what happened at Hillsborough, the deadly crush that occurred during an FA Cup semifinal over 23 years ago. He had seen YouTube footage from the BBC of the event, and the scene had sickened him senseless. He recalled people rushing onto the pitch, using the advertising boards that ran around the playing surface as makeshift stretchers to carry the wounded and the dead away.
 This was Hillsborough on a much greater scale, he thought. This was September 11, Hillsborough and any terror attack rolled into one.
The thought made him want to puke again.
The blast vaporized three entire sections of seats behind and next to the United States’ dugout. Bodies were burning. He saw stewards from the southern side of the stadium running across the pitch to help, even though it would have been prudent to stay put and prevent the crowd from panicking. Fans, both British and American, also came across. Perhaps there were nurses, doctors, constables and firefighters on that side, but right now, they looked like Olympic sprinters. 
He began to shout Tommy’s name repeatedly, hoping his son would recognize his voice, pleading for the boy to come find his father.
The father couldn’t see him. No one shorter than five feet came running toward him. His bottom lip began to tremble as his eyes searched the crowd on the pitch.
God, he prayed, if you’re listening, please bring Tommy back to me. It’s his birthday soon. I need him to come home with me.
The father did not hear silence in return, nor did he hear anything at all. 
He began panicking, and it was almost like he wanted the dead steward to hand him his money back and to restrain him as he walked forward toward where he and his son had been sitting during the first half. He couldn’t find those seats, though. 
He stumbled forward, his feet kicking up shards of concrete, metal and plastic, the debris left over from the blast. He was surprised it wasn’t incinerated like the rest. He turned and looked up at the Royal Box and found it gone. Even up higher, the upper decks did not appear to exist.
Whoever had done this certainly wanted no one alive, the father thought.
He turned his head back toward the pitch and walked gingerly. People tried to stop him, but he shoved them aside, the pain still not registering. He got to what had been the Americans’ dugout and he shouted his son’s name again.
Once again, he received no answer. 
He tried to climb the wall, but a wave of pain finally brought him to a halt. He finally noticed his hanging right arm and felt his back blistering from the flames. He leaned against the short wall. 
He caught a glimpse of a white shirt upon a small child several yards away. The shirt had scorch marks, but the child’s arms were askew in such a way that the father had no reason to doubt that the child’s arms were broken.
The father dug deep, gritting his teeth as he pushed himself up and over the wall, dropping down on his injured shoulder. He felt the pop knock his shoulder back into place. If he had anything left in his stomach, he would have thrown it back up. He pushed himself up to his knees and felt another wave of pain go through him. It would have knocked a lesser man to the ground, but he was a man possessed with finding his son. His son’s safety was the only thing that mattered to him at that moment. He ignored the pain. It was a nuisance, an insignificant nuisance.
He got to his feet and walked toward the broken child. It was only a few feet away. He kept his eyes on the child’s back the entire time and had a horrible feeling begin to sink into the pit of his stomach as he got closer. The child’s hair was the same color of his son’s. The shorts looked identical, though burned. The shirt, where blackened, had melted into the child’s skin.
“Oh, Tommy,” he said. “No, please don’t be dead.”
He hit his knees again and turned the child over.
It was Tommy. He looked like he was sleeping, but his mouth was slack. The father’s eyes became wet, and heavy sobs rattled his frame. His heart broke, and he didn’t care about a dislocated shoulder or broken ribs or that he had nearly been incinerated by the fireball. His son was dead because of that explosion, and he did not care about his own body. At that very moment, his world had ended.
He had no idea how he would tell his wife that her youngest child was dead.
The father grabbed his son in his own damaged arms and looked toward Heaven, crying, “Why, God? Why my son?” His eyes closed as tears cut rivulets into his face. 

***

Jafar did not know if the explosion took place as planned. With the BBC on a commercial break, there was no way to know what happened. He looked to the CCTV monitor that showed the north side of Wembley Stadium as well as the area of Wembley Park surrounding the building.
At first, Jafar could not see anything different. Wembley’s floodlights were on, but after about a minute or two, the lights at the top of the stadium began to cut out as smoke rose into the sky, blocking the light from the CCTV cameras. A minute later, the BBC came back to the studio:
“We’re supposed to go back to Wembley for comment, but we have to shift gears as an explosion rocked the stadium just after the players left the pitch for halftime. These pictures tell the story,” the studio host said.
Jafar held his breath.
The cameras inside Wembley told the tale. Black smoke rose into the air, dissipating slightly. Bodies littered the pitch, and people from the south side flooded the pitch. The scenes were chaotic, and Jafar tuned out the pundits who tried describing what occurred.
Then they showed the explosion, taped and taken from the wide angle camera that followed the action during the first half. The loge level went first. A fireball lifted fans into the air, the rolling inferno swallowing bodies whole. A second explosion took the next deck. A third followed. The BBC, in a fit of stupidity, then added the audio. 
The screams sent goose bumps running up Jafar’s forearms and caused a smile to drift across his face. He heard the shock in the broadcasters’ voices. He wanted to see that replay, the replay of Wembley’s north side exploding, over and over and over again; he had heard that an American broadcaster, after seeing one of their space shuttles explode on replay so many times, demanded his producers stop showing it.
The terrorist could tell that many died from the blast he created, and with so many rushing to help, he knew those people would think about this and have nightmares until the day they died long from now. He wanted to lord over that knowledge, the knowledge that he gave them those nightmares — payment for the nightmares that echoed in the ears of Afghani children, his young brothers and sisters in Allah, after the Americans struck his country in 2001. It was a vengeful slap, one that Jafar wished he could have seen live.
He prayed to Allah and asked for an announcement on the death toll soon, for he craved to know how many people perished.
He wanted to know before he took credit for what the world saw.


Thanks for reading! Comments, questions, ideas? Drop the author a line at seansweeneyauthor@yahoo.com.
