JET – Ops Files
Russell Blake
Smashwords edition. Copyright © 2014 by Russell Blake. All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used, reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage or retrieval system, without the written permission of the publisher, except where permitted by law, or in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews. For information, contact:
Books@RussellBlake.com.
Cover Photo by: Regina Wamba of MaeIDesign.com
Published by

 
About the Author
Author’s Note
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
JET Excerpt

Thrillers by Russell Blake
FATAL EXCHANGE
THE GERONIMO BREACH
ZERO SUM
THE DELPHI CHRONICLE TRILOGY
THE VOYNICH CYPHER
SILVER JUSTICE
UPON A PALE HORSE
The Assassin Series by Russell Blake
KING OF SWORDS
NIGHT OF THE ASSASSIN
RETURN OF THE ASSASSIN
REVENGE OF THE ASSASSIN
BLOOD OF THE ASSASSIN

The JET Series by Russell Blake
JET
JET II – BETRAYAL
JET III – VENGEANCE
JET IV – RECKONING
JET V – LEGACY
JET VI – JUSTICE
JET VII – SANCTUARY
JET – OPS FILES (prequel)
The BLACK Series by Russell Blake
BLACK
BLACK IS BACK
BLACK IS THE NEW BLACK
BLACK TO REALITY

Co-authored with Clive Cussler
THE EYE OF HEAVEN
Non Fiction by Russell Blake
AN ANGEL WITH FUR
HOW TO SELL A GAZILLION EBOOKS
(while drunk, high or incarcerated)
 
About the Author
A Wall Street Journal and The Times featured author, Russell Blake lives full time on the Pacific coast of Mexico. He is the acclaimed author of many thrillers, including the Assassin series, the JET series, and the BLACK series. He has also co-authored The Eye of Heaven with Clive Cussler for Penguin Books.
“Capt.” Russell enjoys writing, fishing, playing with his dogs, collecting and sampling tequila, and waging an ongoing battle against world domination by clowns.
Visit Russell’s salient website for updates
Follow Russell on Twitter
To be alerted to new releases, sign up here
 
Author’s Note
JET – Ops Files was written as a prequel to the bestselling JET series in order to satisfy a constant demand I’ve gotten since I released the first book: readers want to know how Jet became the Mossad’s most lethal operative.
I’d been toying with the idea of a series within a series for a while, in particular a few novels that chronicled Jet’s adventures in her past life. I wanted it to read like the rest of the books – unapologetically over-the-top, with an emphasis on larger-than-life breakneck action – but I also wanted to explore how she became “the most kick-ass female protagonist in fiction,” as one reviewer kindly phrased it. I wasn’t sure how to accomplish that, so I kept putting it off, and before I knew it, fourteen months had gone by. Then a friend of mine said something that struck me as self-evident: you never know until you write it.
So write it I did. The story begins nine years ago, before she’s recruited into the Mossad, when Jet is just Maya Weiss, no code name, a lowly private serving her mandatory time in the Israeli Defense Force, stationed at a checkpoint in the West Bank.
Let me state, for the record, that nothing in this adventure is intended to reflect reality – any resemblance to real people or institutions is purely coincidental, and as far as I know the Mossad doesn’t operate top-secret hit teams around the globe, nor does North Korea sell nerve gas to terrorists.
At least, I hope not.
 
Chapter 1
Ramallah, West Bank
An arid wind blew a beige dust devil down the desolate road that ran from Ramallah to Jenin. Ribbons of orange and crimson streaked the edge of the predawn sky as another long night drew to an end. The young Israeli Defense Force soldiers manning the checkpoint fidgeted near a baffle of sandbags, the final minutes of the graveyard shift fast approaching on a rural thoroughfare that saw little nocturnal traffic.
Maya rubbed a fatigued hand across her face and exchanged a glance with Sarah, her friend and confidante on the lonely duty, and the only other woman on the all-night vigil. Four soldiers, relaxing with their rifles hanging from shoulder straps, stood by the two-story tower that had been erected the prior month to afford a better view of approaching vehicles. A scraggly rooster strutted along the sandy shoulder, a solitary visitor on the deserted strip of pavement, its crimson-crowned head bobbing in determination as it marched to a destination unknown.
“Only ten more minutes,” Maya said, stifling a yawn.
“Not that you’re counting every second or anything, right?” Sarah smiled, her cherubic features and bobbed whiskey-colored hair peeking from under her helmet a stark contrast to Maya, all angles and emerald eyes and black hair.
“Am I that transparent?”
“Why don’t you hit it a little early, and I’ll cover for you? If anyone asks, I’ll say you had to use the latrine.”
“I don’t want Kevod jumping down my throat.” Sergeant Kevod was their superior, a petty tyrant who routinely abused his authority by making leering passes at his female charges – always completely deniable but as palpable as a blow to the face. He’d made a clumsy proposition to Maya several weeks after she’d been assigned to the squad, and hadn’t taken her rejection lightly. Ever since that incident he’d had it in for her, and the past months had been an endless series of petty humiliations Maya had stoically suffered in silence, refusing to allow his misogyny to get to her.
“Don’t worry. Numbnuts is asleep in his bed. Your secret’s safe with me.”
Maya smiled and eyed the soldiers by the tower, who were murmuring among themselves, leaning against the support posts, occasionally glancing at their female counterparts. “I owe you one.”
“Such drama. Go on. Nobody will miss you. It’s dead out here,” Sarah said with a wink.
Maya shouldered her IMI Tavor TAR-21 assault rifle and made her way to the women’s barracks, next to where the all-male morning shift was preparing for its eight-hour duty. She pushed open the door and moved to her trim cot. She could hear the men in the adjacent building as clear as if she’d been standing in the same room, bantering and cursing as they shrugged into their uniforms.
Dim headlights approached the checkpoint from the north. The lamps flickered as an ancient red and white ambulance bounced along the rutted asphalt, its motor laboring with an asthmatic wheeze. The Israeli soldiers stiffened as the vehicle coasted to a stop, and Eli, a tall youth in his final year of duty, broke away and joined Sarah at the wooden barricade. The driver rolled the dusty window down and handed over his identification papers to Eli as Sarah slowly walked around the vehicle, looking it over.
Eli studied the license and registration in his flashlight’s beam, holding up the identity card and comparing the driver’s leathery countenance to that of the man in the photograph. The driver winced as the beam played across his face, and Eli lowered his flashlight.
“Where are you going?” Eli asked.
“The hospital. We have an injured boy in the back who’s in bad shape.” A fly buzzed from a nearby pile of refuse and drifted through the window. The driver waved it away with an irritated hand.
“What happened?”
“He fell off a ladder. We think his back might be broken.”
Sarah rejoined Eli and stared impassively through the windshield at the driver and the younger passenger, who looked ill at ease. Their eyes locked through the grimy glass, and after a long moment his gaze darted down to where a beige woven blanket rested on his lap. A butterfly of disquiet fluttered in her stomach, and she slowly reached for the grip of her weapon. Eli was oblivious to the change in her demeanor and was handing back the paperwork when Sarah called out to him.
“I want to search the vehicle,” she said, steel in her voice.
Time slowed to a crawl as silence followed her demand. The engine ticked a rhythmic staccato accompaniment to the burble of the exhaust. The passenger’s gaze flitted to his companion, who sighed and shook his head.
“With all due respect, this is a critical case. Minutes count.”
Sarah peered into the darkened ambulance interior and then returned her attention to the driver. She was about to repeat her demand when a tiny bead of sweat traced its way from the man’s hairline down the side of his face, in spite of the predawn cool. Her pulse quickened as she watched the errant drop of moisture, pulled inexorably by gravity toward his shirt collar, which she noted was soiled. He blinked, and Sarah stepped back and swung the ugly snout of her rifle at the ambulance.
Eli never saw the submachine gun that erupted from beneath the passenger’s blanket as the driver leaned back to give his partner room to fire while he simultaneously stomped on the gas. Slugs slammed into Eli’s chest as Sarah threw herself to the side, but not in time to avoid being hit even as she let loose a rattle of return fire.
The ambulance tore away, leaving a dense cloud of dust in its wake as it plowed through the wooden barricade. Sarah’s rounds shredded into its fender, blowing out the front tire and puncturing the radiator in a spray of steam. Her mouth flooded with a taste like copper pennies, and she struggled to breathe. The ceramic plates of her body armor had protected her from all the bullets except the one that tore through the top of her shoulder, ricocheting off her scapula and fragmenting into several chunks before lodging in her lung. Her vision blurred as her blood pressure plummeted, but she kept squeezing her rifle’s trigger even as she tumbled to the ground, landing with a grunt by Eli’s side, his sightless eyes staring at her like a startled lover, the puckered red wound in the center of his forehead just below his helmet an obscenity on his youthful face.
The rear doors of the ambulance swung open and gunfire belched from the interior. The distinctive low-pitched bark of AK-47s drowned out the screams of the startled soldiers as they returned fire from behind her. One of the detail cried out as a slug caught him in the upper thigh, and she heard the clatter of his rifle strike the ground as he collapsed. More shooting erupted from the back of the van as Israeli rounds pounded into the bumper and rear quarter panel through a cloud of dust and scorched rubber.
Bullets whined as they struck the hard-packed dirt near Sarah. She fired another volley and blinked uncomprehendingly when her weapon’s breech locked open, its ammunition spent. After a moment of shock, her numb fingers grappled at her vest for another magazine, and she’d almost worked one free when a small orb sailed toward her from the bowels of the ambulance. It struck the ground two meters in front of her and bounced before rolling within reach: a hand grenade, only seconds remaining before it detonated.
Sarah forced herself to one knee and grabbed it and, with a final desperate effort, lobbed it at the ambulance, which was accelerating away from the checkpoint. It landed on the road behind the fishtailing van, missing it by four meters. When the grenade exploded, it sounded like a cannon, and the last thing she registered before the sky spun in a giddy cartwheel was a pink froth of foam bubbling from her nostrils.
Maya ducked instinctively as she ran from the barracks in time to see the blast. Her weapon chattered as she closed on the ambulance, aware that at over a hundred yards she was unlikely to hit it while moving. The van straightened as eruptions of dirt rose around it. More rifle fire burped from the back, and then it careened to the right and disappeared behind a collection of buildings as one of the emergency lights on its roof shattered in a spray of colored glass.
The soldiers stopped firing and stood motionless, unsure of what to do next. Maya froze when she saw Sarah crumpled in the road near Eli’s inert form.
“Call this in. Get a medic and reinforcements. Now. Go,” she screamed at a nearby soldier, who was slapping another magazine into his weapon. He nodded, dazed, and she rushed to her friend, eyes roaming over the surroundings, where timid locals were emerging from their shabby dwellings. Maya fell to one knee next to Sarah, who was gasping for breath, blood streaming from both corners of her mouth as her life seeped out of her. Maya took in the damage at a glance and set her weapon by her side before applying pressure to the entry wound in a futile gesture – but the only one she knew. Sarah winced in pain, and her eyes fluttered open.
“Help’s on the way. Just hold on,” Maya whispered.
Sarah shook her head and reached out with a limp hand. Maya took it, and her stomach dipped like she’d fallen from a great height when she felt how cold it was. Sarah tried to speak but only coughed blood.
“Don’t. Stay still. You’ll get through this,” Maya said, gently setting Sarah’s hand down. Maya fumbled at Sarah’s uniform, searching for the flaps that would free her of the bulletproof jacket as a corporal came running up, the thud of his boots on the road barely audible over bursts of static from his radio. He eyed Eli’s dead form and turned to Sarah. Maya peered up at him, and he glanced away.
“Reinforcements are on their way,” he said, his voice seeming to come from a great distance.
“How long?” Maya demanded.
“Five, maybe less.”
Maya leaned toward Sarah, her hand still pressing on her wound. “Do you hear that? Hang on. Just five minutes. That’s all. Hang on, do you hear?”
Sarah’s breath burbled in her chest, and she coughed again. Her eyes widened with a look of surprise, and she gasped like a beached fish. Maya’s breath caught in her throat as Sarah groaned softly and then shuddered and lay still.
Maya inched closer and hovered over Sarah and then removed her hand from the wound, her fingers slick with blood, and pushed on her friend’s chest with both hands, as though through sheer will she could force life back into her. She continued for several seconds before the corporal’s hand touched her shoulder. Maya started, a wild look on her face, and the corporal shook his head.
Tears ran down Maya’s cheeks as she shuddered. Sobs racked her body until it felt like her abdominal muscles would cramp. The corporal stepped back with his rifle at the ready, taking in the hostile expressions on the Palestinians watching from their doorways, their children gathered around them as the last of the smoke from the grenade blast drifted lazily across the road. At a crackle from his radio he snapped back to the present, leaving Maya to grieve over Sarah’s crumpled form. His boots crunched on the gravel as he marched to where his men stood shell-shocked, his training the only thing keeping him from emptying his weapon at anything that moved.
 
Chapter 2
The checkpoint was back to a semblance of normalcy by the following afternoon. The investigation team had concluded its re-creation of the event, and the bodies had been carted away. A long line of cars waited their turn under the watchful eyes of agitated IDF soldiers as a desultory road crew toiled in the swelter, repairing the pothole blown in the road by the grenade as vehicles detoured around them. Heat waves distorted the dun-colored surroundings. The outskirts of town baked under the sun’s intense glare, and only a few pedestrians shambled along the blistering roadside, their robes coated in a film of the pervasive dust that was a constant in the inhospitable high desert.
Inside the main building, Maya waited at silent attention as Sergeant Kevod sat at his desk. An air-conditioning unit throbbed behind him with a monotonous hum.
“These are very serious charges,” he intoned as he read from a hastily prepared report, pausing occasionally to glance over the top of the paperwork at where Maya was standing stiffly. “What do you have to say for yourself?”
“Regarding what, sir?” Maya asked, refusing to cede an inch.
“The claim that you deserted your station, contributing to the death of two of your fellow soldiers.” Kevod’s face reminded Maya of a baked ham, perennially pink and bloated, eyes like black marbles peering from beneath hooded lids. He sat back and touched a hand to his thinning, oily brown hair, a career soldier and petty tyrant with no future above his current rank as he approached thirty.
Maya cleared her throat, biting back anger. “Deserted my station? I have no idea who would make that statement. I was using the latrine. I cleared it with Sarah beforehand.”
“Who is conveniently no longer with us. So it’s just your word we have to go on, versus the word of one of your peers who claims to have seen you emerge from the barracks, not the latrine, when the attack was over.”
Maya took a deep breath. “With all due respect, sir, that person is mistaken. For starters, the attack was still very much underway. If anyone bothered to check my magazine, they would find that I emptied most of it at the ambulance as it was firing at us.”
“That proves nothing.”
“Sir, it proves that I fired while everyone else was firing – unless your ‘witness’ also claims I was shooting in the air after the ambulance disappeared. Which would be easy to verify, because I would have been the only one doing so, and there are dozens of Palestinian witnesses in addition to our men. That leaves only one possibility: that I participated in the defense of the checkpoint, which is underscored by the fact that I was the first person to reach Sarah on the access road.”
Kevod narrowed his brows and eyed Maya with an insinuating leer. He spoke softly, his voice a purr. “You know, things don’t have to be so tense between us. This can all go away. There’s no reason that we have to be so…adversarial.”
“Sir, you’re accusing me of deserting my post. Is that not the case?”
“I’m investigating troubling reports of a dereliction of duty. It’s my job. I can understand you wouldn’t want your actions analyzed if you’d actually abandoned your post, which probably accounts for your attitude. But I’m not your enemy. If anything, I’d be a good ally to have.”
“I appreciate that, sir.” Maya would not say another word or allow him to bait her. She knew full well that he could claim she’d said anything he wanted, making her life even more difficult, but that in the end he didn’t have enough evidence to take action, or he already would have. So it was a standoff.
Kevod sat back, and all Maya could think was that he was the human embodiment of a toad. “You’re going to be here for another nine months, whether you like it or not. I’m suggesting that you could thaw the arrogant attitude and try to be friendly. It doesn’t have to be the most unpleasant nine months of your life. That’s up to you.”
“Yes, sir.” Her eyes focused a thousand miles just left of his shoulder.
Kevod sighed, clearly exasperated. “You think you’re a tough one, don’t you? I know your history. The incident with your foster father. The years in Ofek Juvenile Detention.” He gave her an ugly grin. “I have my sources, you see. I know it all.”
Kevod had made the last months misery following his overture, which had been wholly inappropriate as well as forbidden by the regulations. But that hadn’t deterred him, and he’d switched from an initial aloof deference to an overtly hostile approach when she’d made it clear that she was uninterested in anything he had to offer.
Maya continued to stand silently, wondering how long this pointless muscle flexing would continue. Kevod didn’t scare her in the least, so he was wasting his breath.
“You don’t have anything to say to that?” he asked.
“No, sir.” As uninterested and detached as she’d ever sounded.
Kevod set the file down on his desk and glared daggers at her. “Fine. Then we’ll do this the hard way. This investigation will be ongoing. You may think you’ve weaseled out of it, but you haven’t. I’ll keep digging until all facts are known, and if you’re guilty, I’ll be at the head of the line to see you roasted for it.”
An image of Sarah lying in the road, her spirit ebbing from her ruined body, threatened Maya’s rigid composure. She swallowed hard, which Kevod obviously misinterpreted as a sign of fear.
He grunted. “That’s right. You should be worried. You should be very worried.”
Maya had known bullies like Kevod when she’d been a ward of the state. Bullies with chips on their shoulders, their animosity driven by self-loathing and cowardice. Years of that had toughened her to the point where she was bulletproof, and she had to bite her tongue to keep from laughing in his face. She maintained her rigid stance, having retreated into the recesses of her mind where malignancies like Kevod could never reach her.
“Get out of my sight. I’m done with you for now.” He dismissed her with a sneer.
“Yes, sir,” Maya said, her tone neutral, trying to keep the relief out of her voice. She spun and marched to the door, feeling Kevod’s eyes burning holes through the seat of her pants. Let him have that, she thought. It was as close as he’d ever get, at least while she was alive.
She made her way to the barracks and saw one of Sarah’s friends, his shift over, sitting outside on the steps. His face was drawn; he was reading the Arabic language newspaper’s account of the attack. Ari was slight and thoughtful, twenty years old and quieter than most of his peers. He glanced up and set the paper down when her shadow fell across him.
“Hey. How did the ass-chewing go?” he asked.
“How did you know?”
“He was doing everything he could to get me to say you hadn’t been in the firefight. I told him I remembered seeing you running and shooting at the ambulance. He lost interest at that point, but it was pretty obvious what he was after.”
“He’s a prick.”
“That he is, but a dangerous one.”
Maya glanced at the newspaper. “What does the paper say?”
“My Arabic isn’t so hot. From what I can gather, they’re going to throw the terrorists a parade.”
Maya bent over and scooped up the paper, taking only a few moments to read the short article. “Apparently they’re freedom fighters striking a blow for Allah.”
His eyes narrowed. “What else is new?” He spat in the dust and glanced back at her. “I didn’t realize you read Arabic that well.”
She nodded. “I’m pretty much fluent.”
“Sarah said you also speak English.”
She shrugged. “That and a few other languages.”
He studied the toe of his boot. “It’s terrible about Sarah. She never did anything to anyone. She was kind to the kids here, always trying to help however she could…” His voice tightened and he stopped talking.
She handed him back the paper.
“She didn’t die in vain. Parasites like the men in the ambulance always leave a trail. It’s just a matter of finding and following it.”
“We haven’t exactly done a stellar job at infiltrating the locals and earning their sympathy. The killers might as well be in China by now.” He spat again and watched the moisture dry into the baking dirt, the sun erasing the stain in a matter of seconds.
“Maybe. Or maybe not. There’s more than one way to catch a rat.”
He regarded her with new caution. “You’re not thinking of doing anything stupid, are you?”
She waved his concern away. “Of course not. Do I look suicidal?”
Ari studied her and then glanced away. “Kevod’s already gunning for you. Don’t give him more ammo.”
“I know. I’d have to be crazy to do anything but sit here like a good little girl waiting for the next car filled with explosives to blow us into the Dead Sea.”
He frowned. “I’m not listening to any more of this. Things are already bad enough.”
Her expression softened as she bit back the anger that was broiling just below the surface. Ari wasn’t the enemy. “I didn’t mean to upset you, Ari. I know Sarah really liked you. I’m sorry. I just wanted you to know that I’m…I’m hurting too. And I want whoever is behind the attack to pay.”
He nodded. “I’d drag them behind a jeep all the way to Tel Aviv.”
“Don’t let me infect you. I was just spouting off. I’m sure the powers that be have some retribution planned.” Maya glanced around the area and shrugged. “I’m not on shift until graveyard tonight. I’m going to try to get some sleep. It’s been a long thirty-six hours.”
“Sweet dreams.”
“Thanks.”
Ari watched as Maya strode to the women’s barracks, empty now that Sarah was gone, and wondered what was going on behind her placid expression, as unreadable as a statue except for the flash of fury in her jade eyes when she’d let her guard down talking about Sarah. Whatever it was, he was glad he wasn’t in her crosshairs. There was something about her that scared the living crap out of him, even after almost two years of mandatory duty in a hostile land where anyone and everyone could be an enemy willing to give their life to see his extinguished.
 
Chapter 3
The minaret of the Jamal Abdel Nasser Mosque cast a long shadow over the surrounding Ramallah neighborhood as the afternoon sun faded into the distant hills. Automobiles pulled to the curb in front of the mosque as the call to prayer sounded over the city, signaling to the faithful that the time of worship was upon them. A crowd of locals milled on the sidewalk, waiting to enter. A man in his thirties with a head of curly black hair and a bushy mustache watched the procession with hawklike eyes from the street corner, his presence unremarkable except for the attention he paid to the worshipers’ faces.
Half an hour later he was still there, one foot propped against the wall as he read the newspaper. A cigarette dangled from his lips, a coil of smoke rising from it like gray string. Once the prayer finished, the mosque doors opened and the assembly dispersed. The observer’s gaze roamed across the sea of humanity as he pretended to read. When the crowd dissipated and the last man had left the building, he murmured into his cell phone, shaking his head.
“No sign of them,” he said.
The gruff voice on the phone grunted. “Stick around the area. We may get lucky.”
Yitzhak Eban was one of several Israeli intelligence operatives assigned to Ramallah after the checkpoint attack as the Mossad sought to bring the perpetrators to justice. It had deployed infiltrators and spotters, hoping to get a lead on whoever was behind the attack – a long shot, everyone involved knew, but the only course of action open other than the symbolic retaliation planned.
Nearby, in a dilapidated cinderblock house adjacent to the bustling Ramallah market, six men sat at a rustic wooden table. Spread out before them were a tray of electrical components and a plastic container of acetone peroxide for loading into the modified plastic pouches that would be attached to the vests piled on the floor. Four old AK-47 assault rifles, wooden stocks scarred from decades of use, rested against the peeling wall where they could be accessed easily. The men’s expressions were drawn, the tension in the room thick. Acetone peroxide was as unstable as it was explosive, and unexpected detonations in similar suicide vest factories throughout the West Bank were not uncommon.
A knock at the entrance sounded through the dwelling, echoing like gunfire off the concrete floor. An elderly robed man rose from the head of the table and shuffled to the entryway and, after peering through a grimy barred window, opened the door. Two men waited outside, their eyes scanning the filthy street. The ambulance driver bore little resemblance to his appearance at the checkpoint. He was now wearing a soiled baseball cap, his face freshly shaved, but his companion was unmistakably the passenger who’d started the firefight, in spite of the two days of stubble that dusted his chin.
“Ahlan wa Sahlan – welcome to my humble abode, Ammar. It is an honor,” the host said to the driver as he moved aside, motioning for them to enter.
“Thank you, Abreeq. Your hospitality is always appreciated,” Ammar said as he stepped inside. “This is Bazir. He is my right hand.”
Abreeq bowed slightly. “I’m humbled that you’ve chosen to grace me with your presence.”
He pushed the door closed and locked it and then moved past the newcomers into the room next to the manufacturing area. After declining an offer of tea, Ammar smiled humorlessly and gestured next door.
“I see you are doing good work, even at great risk to yourself.”
Abreeq shrugged. “I do what I can. Alas, our martyrs’ glorious acts of sacrifice have yet to turn the tide. But I am proud to be part of the effort, regardless of how small a part I play.”
“Nonsense. It is men like you who are the backbone of our movement. Without you we would have no soul,” Bazir countered, an obligatory bit of flattery.
Abreeq’s expression was impassive. “I only wish I could do more.”
Silence settled over the room, and Ammar cleared his throat. “Providence has smiled upon us all, then. I’m here to tell you that your wish has been granted.”
Abreeq nodded, having suspected that his visitors hadn’t come to pay their respects. “I am your servant, in this as in all things. Tell me what you need me to do.”
Ammar leaned forward, his voice barely more than a whisper. “We just took possession of four kilos of C-4, and we need a seasoned hand to help us design a device that can inflict maximum damage in a populated area.”
“Four kilos! You must be a magician. I haven’t seen any for several years. Fortune has indeed blessed us.”
“I figured you would know how to work with it.”
“Of course. Depending upon the target, it could be devastating. What did you have in mind?”
Ammar told him. Abreeq grinned – a sight reminiscent of a bird of prey eying a field mouse.
“I see. So you will want the equivalent of a large version of the American claymore mine – an explosive charge with the largest amount of shrapnel possible to maximize the casualty count. What size blast area would you like, and what do you envision the delivery system will be?”
They discussed the details for ten minutes in hushed tones and agreed that Bazir would coordinate with Abreeq to get him whatever he needed. When the pair left, slipping onto the street like ghosts in the waning dusk, Abreeq was pensive. What had been proposed was a considerable undertaking – one that would require careful planning but was well within his capabilities.
He tried to imagine the headlines following the explosion. If he did his job skillfully, the cursed invaders would feel the blast all the way in Jerusalem, and the cost to occupy land that rightfully belonged to his people would have increased dramatically.
Abreeq’s name translated to ‘glittering sword’ in Arabic – a scimitar used to smite the enemies of his ancestors. A vision of a white horse mounted by a Saracen charging into battle galloped in his imagination, and for the second time that day, he smiled. He would soon live up to the lofty promise of his birthright.
A glittering sword indeed. Exceedingly deadly and forged of holy steel, the blade razor sharp, the arm that wielded it bathed in the blood of his foes.
 
Chapter 4
Bali, Indonesia
The jumbo jet dropped from the pale blue sky and floated over the tarmac before its wheels scorched the runway of Ngurah Rai International Airport, a metal and glass interloper in paradise. Humid gusts of warm wind buffeted the aircraft on its slow taxi to the terminal, and the heady perfume of tropical flowers and the sea blended with jet exhaust as the sun glinted off the plane’s windows with blinding intensity.
Once through customs, a tour group of eighteen young men and women from New York followed their guide to a waiting bus, a Mercedes coach that had seen better days, its red paint peeling as it sat vibrating in the muggy heat. Its big diesel engine idled roughly as porters loaded the group’s luggage into the baggage hold. Arriving passengers chattered like a flock of agitated birds outside the terminal, waving at taxis or their rides. The tour guide welcomed the group aboard in colloquial English, smiling and bowing as they filed onto the bus, the air-conditioning seeping from the open door all the invitation most of them needed.
When everyone was loaded, the driver closed the door with a hiss before swinging from the curb, leaving the busy airport behind as the coach embarked on the hour-long journey to an exclusive ecotourism resort on the eastern coast of Bali, roughly ten miles northeast of the sprawling beach community of Sanur. Motorcycles buzzed through traffic like angry hornets, darting between cars with daredevil precision, racing along at suicidal speed in controlled chaos as the bus lumbered through the metropolitan lunchtime rush.
The guide stood at the front with a clipboard and microphone in hand, pointing out landmarks and areas of interest, giving a canned recitation of the region’s history with bored resignation: a description of the Dutch invasion in the early 20th century, followed by the Japanese occupation in World War II, and finally Indonesia’s turbulent challenges to Dutch rule that ended with independence in 1949.
The hodgepodge of shacks and buildings thinned once they progressed north of Sanur, and traffic dried to a trickle on the coast road. As they picked up speed, the guide shared tidbits of advice about local customs and mores, including dire warnings about the effects of tropical sun on unsuspecting skin. The passengers listened with scant attention, preferring to take in the blue water and breathtaking beaches interspersed with undulating fields of tall grass and lush jungle.
The driver muttered a curse and slowed after rolling around a long curve. An overloaded pickup truck was stalled, the hood up, effectively blocking the two-lane road. Another car was parked at its side, straddling the oncoming lane. Its owner stood by the truck, commiserating with the unfortunate driver.
The bus eased to a stop. The door swung open, and the guide stepped out, hoping to convince the men to clear a route. An old Toyota Land Cruiser behind the coach leaned on its horn impatiently, and the bus driver shrugged and held a hand out the window as the guide moved to the truck.
Four men with bandannas covering their faces darted from the surrounding jungle, brandishing assault rifles. The driver’s eyes widened in horror, and after a moment paralyzed with disbelief, he reached down to pull the lever that controlled the door. He’d almost reached it when three rounds slammed into his side, knocking him against the window in a bloody heap.
Screaming erupted from the passengers as two of the attackers mounted the steps and rolled grenades down the cabin aisle, and then opened fire on the helpless passengers. The rifles emptied in seconds on full automatic, and dying moans followed the killers as they spilled out the door and ran for cover. The guide watched the slaughter in shock from his position by the truck, held at pistol point by the driver of the car.
The grenade blasts blew a shower of glass and debris from the bus as it swelled like a plumping sausage, its sides distended from the detonations. A woman’s hand landed at the guide’s feet, severed above the wrist but still encircled by a bracelet with a tiny gold Star of David bangle glittering in the sunlight. The car owner barked an order, and the guide dropped to the ground and put his hands behind his head as the truck hood slammed and the old truck pulled away. The gunman swung his pistol butt against the hapless guide’s skull, knocking him senseless, and then sprinted for his car.
By the time the guide regained consciousness and could sit up, both vehicles were gone. He stared numbly at his bus, from where black smoke belched from its mangled interior. He barely registered when the occupants of the Land Cruiser approached. Blood streamed down his face as he took in the nightmare vista, the horizon tilting like he was on a carnival ride. He looked up as they spoke to him, not comprehending what they were saying. His ears were still ringing from the explosion, and the keening of sirens from town competed with the shrieks of survivors begging for help from within the inferno.
A mile away the terrorists abandoned their vehicles and piled into a white box van. The driver listened intently to a handheld radio as he tromped on the accelerator and, once they were on the road, turned to the passenger.
“It was a complete success, Wira. The police transmissions are saying that everyone but the guide is dead.”
“Excellent. We have sent an unmistakable message. Nowhere is safe for sympathizers of Israel,” Wira said, a familiar speech for the terrorist, whose organization was one of the most violent in Indonesia. “The Americans are as bad or worse than the Zionists. Without their support, the cursed place couldn’t exist. We have demonstrated that their actions have consequences – no corner of the globe is safe for any of them.”
“Yes. Perhaps this will lessen their appetite for meddling in our affairs,” agreed Putra, his second in command, as he turned off the main highway onto one of the numerous arteries that led into the hills. “It is a moment of great triumph for us all.”
Wira gazed out his open window, enjoying the cooling breeze on his face, and smiled. “This is only the beginning. I have bigger things in mind.” He paused, as if savoring the words, and leaned his head back as they raced down the jungle road. “Much bigger.”
 
Chapter 5
Ramallah, West Bank
Traffic at the checkpoint was backed up for a quarter mile as a long string of tired vehicles waited to enter the city. The armed IDF detail around the tower stood alert as a television news crew filmed for a follow-up report to the attack. A pair of emaciated dogs trotted in the waning heat, pausing to nose at piles of refuse before continuing on their way. A Palestinian boy on a homemade tricycle with an ice chest suspended over the two front wheels negotiated good-naturedly with an Israeli soldier for a can of soda, assault rifle gripped in one of the young man’s gloved hands as he handed the boy some coins with the other.
Three Nagmachon troop transport vehicles sat by the side of the checkpoint, the soldiers aboard grim-faced and sweating in full combat attire as the TV camera panned across them before settling on the tower, where a watchman swept the line of waiting cars with a .50 caliber machine gun.
Maya was inside the communications shack, leaning over a large monitor as the gangly uniformed man seated in front of it worked a mouse.
Her breath caught in her throat. “Wait, Yosef. Freeze it right…there.”
“Done,” he replied.
They both stared at a still image of the ambulance driver and the passenger, blurry due to the distortion from the windshield and the angle of the security camera.
“Have you given this to the investigation team?”
“Of course. That’s how I knew which time stamp to look for,” Yosef said, rolling his eyes.
“Why haven’t they passed the photos out to everyone?” she asked.
“They don’t consult me on their strategy, Maya. But if I had to guess, it’s so the killers don’t go underground. If we’re obvious about it, they’ll disappear into the camps and we’ll never find them.”
“Hmm. Can you print this for me?”
He nodded and tapped some keys, sending the file to the printer before swiveling to face her. “If I didn’t know better, I’d think you were just after me for my audio-video skills,” Yosef joked. He’d made no secret of his admiration of Maya and often contrived reasons to be around her when she was off duty. Her exotic looks and caramel skin were the stuff of dreams and had made the latter part of his tour of duty bearable. But for all his efforts to ingratiate himself, he couldn’t read her, and when she departed a moment later, the image clutched in her hand, the atmosphere in the room felt lifeless, leaving him feeling depressed and alone.
Maya sat on her cot in the deserted barrack, studying the photograph of two Arab men, unremarkable except for their paramedic uniforms. A fog of anger clouded her vision as she confronted the likenesses of the assassins who’d cut her best friend down in cold blood. She shook it off and concentrated on committing every contour of their faces to memory. The outline of a plan percolated in her mind.
Not so much a plan as a refusal to stand by helplessly and do nothing, hoping that the investigators would make progress penetrating a society that was as off-limits to them as if it were located on the moon. What would likely ultimately happen would be a generalized response that acknowledged the security force’s inability to single out the terrorists, who were minted daily from a disenfranchised population where hopeless youths eagerly signed up to become martyrs or murderers.
Survival in subsistence conditions was the norm in the region, the crushing poverty an insult to the population given the apparently limitless prosperity just across the barrier wall in Israel. Discontent was fanned by the inflammatory rhetoric of the civic leaders and exacerbated by a steady inflow of Israeli settlers whose very presence was a daily reminder of the region’s occupation by hostile forces.
The area was a hotbed of seething resentment and impotent rage that periodically manifested in violence like that which had claimed Sarah’s life. Maya knew it would be almost impossible for the investigators to make headway in locating her killers – anyone even remotely resembling an Israeli would be instantly shunned, regardless of circumstances. Which left Sarah dead, pointlessly slaughtered, and her murderers likely to get away with it.
The walls of her sleeping quarters closed in on her, and she became suddenly restless. She stood and paced in front of the window, a tepid breeze stirring her hair. The sound of motors from the checkpoint reminded her how close she always was to random disaster.
She stopped in front of the window and stared out, her eyes unfocused as the bile that had been stewing in her guts all day rose in her throat. Sarah wasn’t just another digit on an endless list of the expendable, a faceless casualty to be forgotten like a particularly nasty bump on a long road. She was – had been – Maya’s friend, and whoever had taken her life would pay in kind.
Maya wasn’t sure how she would find the killers or how she would bring them down, but one way or another, she would avenge Sarah.
She swore to herself that she would, if it was the last thing she ever did.
 
Chapter 6
Pulau Numbing, Indonesia
Clouds brooded in a black line on the horizon, one of the frequent daytime storms that were inevitable during monsoon season. Lightning branched through the thunderheads as they neared the emerald mass of Pulau Numbing. A quarter mile from the island’s shore, a heavy steel cargo ship, eighty meters long, blue hull streaked with rust, pulled at its anchor chain as it rose and fell in the increasingly rough swell. A plume of white floated from its smokestack as men with skin the color of beaten bronze moved along the deck, eyes on the approaching squall as they hurried to finish their work.
An expensive sport fishing yacht bobbed in the water next to the ship, its bow and stern lines secured to metal eyelets. A massive crane whined above; its motor strained as it lowered a pallet containing three wooden crates to the waiting craft. The crew of the smaller vessel guided the cargo to a clear area of the deck under the watchful eye of the captain, who stood silently by while his men unhooked the steel cable and swung the hook to the side. The captain waved at his counterpart aboard the cargo ship and then turned to face the gray wall of rain bearing down on them. He calculated they had five minutes to make it to land, which would be cutting it close.
“Tie a tarp over the cargo while we get underway. I don’t want it getting wet,” he ordered in rapid-fire Bahasa Indonesia, and his men scrambled to obey.
Satisfied they were doing everything they could, he mounted the stainless steel ladder to the flybridge. After a final glance below at the cargo, he signaled to the crewman on the bow to retrieve the lines. When they were clear, he engaged the transmissions and eased the throttles forward. The fifty-five-foot Viking sport fisher pulled away from the ship and began moving through the increasingly large seas, the surface the color of pewter. The rising wind churned the wave crests as the bow moved on a perpendicular course from the Korean tramp steamer toward the green rise of the island, where a protected harbor awaited them behind the safety of a rock breakwater.
The men lashed the tarp in place. Angry gusts tugged at it as they secured the covering, and the captain goosed the throttles, giving the twin MAN diesels more fuel. The boat leapt forward and then leveled out, and was soon cutting through the four-foot slop, sending sheets of spray into the darkening heavens.
A deafening roar reverberated across the sea as thunder exploded from the angry line of clouds, and the captain pushed the speed up several more knots. The agile boat slammed through the waves, and the skipper craned his neck from his perch to ensure that his precious load wasn’t shifting on deck.
Another peal of thunder boomed, and a tree of lightning seared down upon nearby Pulau Telan island, only seven miles west. The air smelled of ozone and rain and the crisp astringency of open sea as the yacht closed the distance to the breakwater, the curtain of rain pursuing it ominously dark.
The captain slowed as he neared the opening and guided the boat through the gap with a confident hand. The waiting crewman worked his way to the bow with a boathook in hand as the yacht approached a bright red float bobbing on the surface. The man retrieved the orb and hauled on a heavy nylon mooring line, which he wound expertly around a cleat, securing the vessel in place as a second crewman worked the other end of the submerged rope to the stern. He had just tied off the stern when the rain hit with thirty-knot force, blasting sideways, sheets of water blinding everyone on board.
The captain watched the show from the enclosed flybridge, visibility down to only a few feet while nature doused the island. The crew took grateful refuge in the cabin below as the deluge pounded the boat’s topsides with the ferocity of artillery fire.
Half an hour later the storm had blown by, leaving a breezy calm and a sweet freshness to the humid air. The captain lowered himself to the deck and called out to his crew.
“Come on. We don’t have all day. I want this stuff off the deck, do you hear?”
The men emerged from the cabin, blinking in the sunlight as the patchwork of clouds overhead thinned. The captain returned to the flybridge while the crew cast off and guided the boat to the wooden pier at the far end of the harbor. Three armed guards in white uniforms stood on the worn planks next to a crane with a manual winch, and within fifteen minutes the three crates that had been strapped to the pallet rested on two carts in the center of the pier. The sport fishing yacht returned to its mooring, job now done.
“The boss wants this in the main storage building. He’ll be there shortly,” the lead guard said, shouldering his weapon and glancing at the crates with trepidation.
A wiry Malay with a sparse goatee and skin the texture of beef jerky examined the top of the nearest crate, running his blunt fingers over the biohazard symbol stenciled on the lid in red, the black Korean lettering beneath it meaningless to him.
“For God’s sake, be careful. I don’t know what exactly is in these, but I do know I don’t want to find out the hard way. Easy does it on the way to the compound,” the guard cautioned, and then murmured into his radio, his eyes darting from the crates to the tense faces of his peers.
Their employer was accustomed to receiving unusual shipments from passing ships, but this was the first time in the four years they had worked there that they’d seen the biohazard logo. Usually it was shipments of weapons or explosives, either from North Korea, China, or Russia.
“All right. Let’s do this,” the lead guard said, his confident tone belied by his nervous demeanor. His companions each maneuvered a cart like they were traversing a cliff edge, hopeful that whatever toxic cargo they were moving hadn’t been damaged in transit – they had little doubt that in the case of a leak or a spill, they wouldn’t live to see another morning.
 
Chapter 7
Ramallah, West Bank
Maya adjusted her hijab as she sneaked out of the barracks. Like every day for the last three weeks, she had dressed in native garb to blend in with the locals, her Jericho 941 9mm service pistol and two extra magazines hidden beneath her black robe. Ramallah wasn’t huge, with a population of only eighteen thousand, and she believed that it was just a matter of time before the men responsible for Sarah’s murder surfaced.
She skirted the front of the checkpoint and moved to the rear gate of the barracks area, where one of her admirers was on guard duty from three p.m. to eleven. Samuel was handsome, with intelligent brown eyes set into a determined face, his high brow topped with wavy chestnut hair, and skin tanned a deep bronze from countless hours in the sun. Under different circumstances there could have been something there, but as it was, she preferred to keep her life uncomplicated, even if there was undeniable chemistry between them. Checkpoint duty in the IDF was neither the time nor the place for entanglements, and as a rule she maintained a cautious emotional distance from her male counterparts.
Samuel looked up as she approached, and smiled. “You look marvelous, as usual. Very authentic. I like what they’re doing with shapeless women’s fashions these days.”
“Ha ha. It’s hot in this damned thing. The only good part is that I could be toting a grenade launcher under it and nobody would know.”
He nodded. “How long are you going to keep this up?”
“As long as it takes.”
He shook his head. “They could be long gone by now.”
“They’re here. Emboldened at getting away with shooting up the checkpoint. Trust me. I can feel it in my bones.”
“Hey, it’s your funeral. Just get back before my stint’s over.”
Maya moved through the gate. “Thanks for covering for me.” Her duty on the graveyard shift started at 11:00, and she’d been making it to the barracks by 10:45 every evening, surviving on too few hours of sleep to count.
“Remember – call if you get into trouble. It’s better to have to face Kevod’s wrath than be torn apart by an angry mob.”
She’d begun her hunt for the terrorists in the mosques, mentally cataloguing the men who arrived for prayer. When after two weeks that failed to yield any promising results, she altered her approach by questioning women, showing them the photograph of the two men, telling a story about her husband’s death and needing to get in touch with his family – the driver and passenger. Three days later she hit pay dirt, when a fruit market vendor nodded as she looked at the image.
“I think I’ve seen the younger one. But I can’t be sure.”
“Where? Please. I’m at my wit’s end.” Maya had mastered the local accent, having heard it nonstop for the last nine months, and she was confident she sounded like a native.
“My cousin has a café over by the mosque. Maybe in there. I wish I could remember.” The woman mentioned the name of a nearby hole-in-the-wall Maya knew from her wandering in the city center. “I’m sorry. It might be nothing.”
Maya had spent the last four evenings watching the café, most of the time from across the street, but sometimes from within, sipping hot tea as she waited – for what, she had no idea. She didn’t want to question the proprietor. It was one thing to gossip with women as a native, but another for a woman to try to get information out of a Palestinian man.
Yesterday, just after dusk, as she’d sat in a corner of the café nursing her cup, three men entered and moved to one of the tables near the window, glancing around periodically in a guarded manner. One of the men could have been the ambulance passenger – it wasn’t a definite match, and his scraggly beard made a definitive identification tough – but it was close enough to set off alarms when she spotted them.
It was possible that they were just petty criminals – there was no shortage of pickpockets and thieves working the square, given that over sixty percent of the population was refugees – but her instinct said otherwise. The owner of the café had deferred to the group when they arrived. He’d never been anything but grumpy on her prior visits, a dour expression fixed in place, but he’d lit up when they walked in, their eyes roaming over the interior, apparently dismissing her. Which was integral to her plan – women were routinely ignored and were almost invisible in public places, especially when dressed modestly.
She had waited patiently for the meeting to finish, and when the men rose to leave, she wasn’t far behind, trailing the young man to a nearby house with enough iron bars on its windows to repel an armed assault.
The adjacent lot contained the deserted husk of a cinderblock home, long ago abandoned by its inhabitants. Maya slipped from the street into its darkened interior. The doorways and windows were bare, anything of value having been stripped away by scavengers. She settled in and waited, listening for any hint of discussion from the house’s open windows, but it was no good, and when the lights extinguished inside after two more hours, it was obvious that her quarry had gone down for the night.
She’d made her way back to the barracks just in time to begin her shift, which was thankfully uneventful. In spite of being exhausted, when she had gotten off that morning she’d had a difficult time getting to sleep, and had tossed and turned restlessly in the heat, waiting for Samuel to begin his watch so she could return to the house and resume her surveillance.
Maya wished there were a way to be more certain about the tentative identification, but short of kidnapping the man and shaving him, she couldn’t think of any other way than to watch and see what he did next. A part of her was afraid she might have made a mistake, but her gut said otherwise, and now, as she drifted down the streets toward the house, she felt her pulse quicken with the anticipation of revenge.
Three small boys were playing soccer in the empty street in front of the house when she turned the corner, and music drifted from the windows as she strolled by, looking completely uninterested. She lingered at the end of the long block, noting that every other lot had an abandoned or half-built structure on it, a sign of the decline that Ramallah had experienced since the Second Intifada had driven most of the middle class from the city in search of safety and steady work.
When dusk arrived, the children tore down the street toward their homes, laughing and shouting with the innocent abandon of the young. She waited until dark to return to where the house lights were glimmering through the barred windows. Overhead a tapestry of stars shimmered in the desert night, the crescent moon providing just enough light for Maya to make her way into the ruin next door and take up her watch. The music in the house was now off, and she could make out men’s voices, but not well enough to hear what they were saying.
A dark furry form exploded from one of the doorways and scampered across the concrete floor. Maya shuddered. Rats weren’t unexpected in this neighborhood, but that didn’t mean she liked them. The gloomy surroundings smelled of rot and urine and garbage, and she steeled herself to a long wait with only nocturnal predators and her gun for company.
At nine the dwelling’s front door opened, and her target emerged with another, older man. They stood on the cracked sidewalk and embraced after quickly scanning the deserted street.
“As I said, ball bearings would be best, but if you can’t get your hands on sufficient quantities, we could make do with nails and screws,” the older man explained. “But for maximum destruction and range, bearings are necessary.”
“We’re working on it, Abreeq. I’m hopeful we’ll have something by tomorrow. How long will you need from the time they arrive?”
“Maybe two days. We want it to evade detection, so the job must be done with care.”
“Very well. I’ll inform Ammar.”
“You know how to reach me. Praise Allah.”
“Yes, praise him indeed. Those cockroaches won’t know what hit them.”
The older man grunted. “I must go. Call me when you have the material.”
“It will be tomorrow, around this time.”
Maya held her breath lest she alert the men to her presence. She listened as footsteps echoed down the sidewalk and smelled the pungent smoke of a cigarette wafting from the dusty front yard. The scrape of a shoe on cement from the front of the abandoned house caused her to stiffen, and she eased her pistol from her robe and thumbed the safety off. She could sense a man’s presence near the darkened entrance and prepared to shoot, aiming her weapon at the doorway as the sweet cigarette smoke drifted across it.
After an eternity, a woman’s voice called from the house, urging the smoker to come inside. Maya waited as the man’s footsteps faded, and then the door of the quarry’s house slammed shut and the street was still. She crouched in the dark, adrenaline from the near miss coursing through her system, and considered the snatch of conversation she’d heard: the men wanted ball bearings, but nails would do. Because when making an anti-personnel device, any shrapnel was good, but steel bearings would do the most damage.
They were working on a bomb to use against the cockroaches.
And it sounded like it would happen soon.
She didn’t have to think very hard to determine who the cockroaches were.
Fifteen minutes later the lights went off inside the house. Maya waited another half hour, but the windows remained dark. She carefully picked her way through the refuse to the front entrance and slipped into the night, moving from shadow to shadow, her black robe and hijab nearly invisible in the gloom.
Maya checked the time – she had forty-five minutes to make it back to the checkpoint, and it would take a good twenty from where she was. Her mind raced over how best to proceed as she hurried down the empty street. She knew she should report what she’d overheard, but if she did, she’d be subject to harsh disciplinary proceedings. She was AWOL each day she left the checkpoint, even though she later returned. Kevod would use it to ruin her, and she had no doubt he would press to see her imprisoned for a long time. The list of rules she was breaking was too long to consider – not only was she leaving the base grounds without permission, but she was doing so armed and in disguise, subjecting herself to unconscionable danger, and risking an inflammatory incident in an already charged environment.
And if she knew Kevod, any information she reported would be ridiculed and dismissed. It wouldn’t matter that she’d warned her superior once the bomb went off and there were bodies everywhere. The damage would have been done, the carnage complete, and even if it bought her leniency after the fact, her efforts would have been in vain. Perhaps worst of all, Sarah’s killers would have gotten away with their murder, only to kill again.
Preoccupied, she didn’t notice the three young men loitering at a far corner until she was right on top of them. Usually she would have taken a detour if she spotted anything that looked dangerous, but tonight her senses had failed her, and she knew she was in trouble when one of them detached himself from the graffiti-covered wall he was leaning against and barred her way with crossed arms and an oily gloat.
“Well, what do we have here? A streetwalker?” the tough sneered.
Maya struggled to maintain her composure as she clutched her pistol under her robe.
“I’m on my way home. Please. I don’t want trouble,” she said.
“Walking alone at night in this area says something different,” he countered, studying her face. “You’re a pretty one, aren’t you? Are you lonely? Is that why you’re out and about?”
One of his companions joined him. “She’s young, too. Probably sneaking out to see her lover. Isn’t that right?”
“Please. I just want to go.”
The two moved like junkyard dogs, coming in hard and fast, hoping to knock the wind out of her before she could scream for help. She automatically swung a roundhouse kick at the first punk’s head, as she’d learned in her basic training Krav Maga instruction, and felt the toe of her combat boot connect with his jaw with a satisfying thud. Startled, his partner tried to tackle her, only to have the butt of her pistol slam against his temple, dropping him like a sack of rocks. The first thug tried to recover and continued his charge, and then froze when he found himself staring down the barrel of her gun, her hand steady. The third youth was still by the wall, and she called out to him when she saw him reaching beneath his shirt.
“Don’t. Put your hands up, or I’ll blow your buddy’s head off and use you for target practice. I mean it. There won’t be any second warning. Hands up, or you’ll be wearing his brains all over your face,” she warned, her voice sounding more confident than she felt.
The youth did as instructed, and Maya took a step forward. With her free hand, she chopped the punk’s neck where she knew a pressure point lay. She must have missed, because he grabbed her arm with nearly enough force to fracture it just as she drove her pistol barrel into his nose, breaking it with a sickening crack. His grip on her relaxed as the youth by the wall went for his weapon again. She kneed the injured attacker in the crotch with all her might, dropping him hard as she brought her gun back to bear on the one by the wall, hesitant to shoot him for fear of the attention a gunshot would bring.
“I thought I told you to keep your hands up.” She eyed the two youths on the ground, the one with the head wound out cold, the other in a fetal position, mewling like a kitten. “Do you want to be a hero? Hands up. Now.”
The boy did as she ordered, and she approached him, her gun held in front of her in a two-handed grip.
She pointed at his midsection with her pistol. “All right. Using your left hand, reach down, slowly, and let’s see what you’ve got there.”
He nodded, his eyes never leaving her gun, and raised his shirt. A small revolver was wedged in his belt.
“Remove it with your left hand, using your thumb and index finger. You make one wrong move and I’ll send you to hell.”
He did as instructed.
“Toss it on the ground and kick it over here,” she ordered.
When the weapon was at her feet, she crouched down and scooped it up, eyes on him the entire time, and then studied the fallen forms of his friends.
The youth puffed out his chest and sputtered with rage and anger. “I–”
“Don’t talk. Listen. Your pals are going to need to see a doctor. I’d concentrate on that, not on me, because if I hear you come after me, I’ll shoot you like a dog. Do you understand?”
He nodded, his face twisted with fury over being humiliated by a woman. She thumbed back the hammer on her pistol as a reminder that she was serious, and his anger turned to fear. That was more like it.
“Good. Stay there until I’m out of sight.”
He nodded again, and she moved past him, giving him a wide berth, and picked up her pace as she crossed the road. The gloom appeared to thicken as she hurried down the street. Once she had turned the corner a block up, she broke into a run, putting two more between herself and the fight before slowing. Confident she’d left the danger behind her, she relaxed her pace and inspected the revolver as she walked: a cheap .32 caliber with only four rounds in it.
She covered the remaining ground to the barracks in six minutes. Samuel was waiting, obviously nervous, glancing at his watch as she brushed by him.
“Cutting it close, aren’t you?” he whispered.
She shook her head, her voice even.
“Nah. Piece of cake.”
 
Chapter 8
Republic of Singapore
A small crowd of well-wishers stood in front of the Maghain Aboth Synagogue. The salmon walls of the stone building sparkled cleanly, and the white Star of David relief on its façade shone in the sunlight. The black wrought-iron gates stood open to admit a line of SUVs, which hulked on the driveway like attack dogs as prominent members of the local Jewish community shook hands with arriving dignitaries from Israel.
Waterloo Street was quiet on a Monday morning at ten, the rush-hour traffic over in the busy metropolis. Towering skyscrapers crowded the horizon, all polished glass and chrome, gleaming like dragon teeth in the tropical glare. A black-clad rabbi emerged from the edifice with a smile on his cherubic face, his step sprightly in spite of his years.
Three children ran between the adults’ legs, dressed in their special occasion finery, the little boy in a white linen suit, the two girls he was pursuing wearing modest dresses and colored stockings that would soon be dirty and torn if history was any guide. A heavy woman in a demure outfit frowned at them as they squealed by her with delight. The boy’s mother shushed him and called his name, her tone sharp enough to etch glass. Her husband stood by, oblivious, watching the proceedings with rapt attention.
Security guards clad in dark suits patrolled the perimeter of the property. No trouble was expected; Singapore was a civilized oasis in the turbulent region, a hub of money and power that exuded prosperity and tolerance, and the city-state enjoyed a low crime rate that was the envy of its neighbors. The dignitaries were there to commemorate the groundbreaking of a cultural center planned for a nearby patch of precious real estate, which would be the pride of the community once completed.
The mayor of Singapore walked to the podium near the front entrance and tapped on the microphone, signaling to the assembly that the first of innumerable longwinded speeches was to begin, his to welcome the group from Israel and offer it the symbolic keys to the city. Three members of parliament waited nearby for their chance at the news cameras, their clothes obviously hand-tailored and expensive, hands manicured, hair perfectly groomed, and countenances radiating good-natured prosperity.
Two box vans turned the corner off of Middle Road and neared the synagogue at a moderate pace, their presence attracting no attention. Both rolled to a stop in front of the open gates, and the back doors swung open. The mayor looked up from his notes just as a dozen armed gunmen wearing balaclavas spilled onto the pavement, toting Kalashnikov assault rifles.
The bodyguards reacted instantly, drawing pistols and opening fire as the dignitaries took shelter in the safety of the building. Three of the guards near the SUVs swung MTAR-21 bullpup automatic rifles from beneath their jackets and blasted volleys at the running attackers, cutting them down with high-velocity rounds as the terrorists mounted a confused offensive.
One of the SUV drivers reversed down the drive, wedging the armor-plated vehicle squarely between the dignitaries and the shooters and providing cover for the defending guards, all battle-hardened veterans with combat experience. Their organized, methodical defense stopped the attackers cold, and within a minute, seven of the terrorists lay dying on the pavement and the rest were beating a retreat to the vans, already riddled with bullets, several of their tires flattened from defending fire.
A masked gunman hurled a grenade in a last-ditch effort to cause some real damage, but it fell short and rolled beneath the armored SUV. When it exploded, the force of the blast rocked the vehicle and shattered the windows. More shooting pummeled the vans as the surviving attackers leapt into the backs. The vehicles tore off, trailing oil and sparks, strips of tire flying as they ran on their rims.
The perspiring driver of the lead van cursed and placed a call on his cell phone as he aimed for the alley that was their escape route. Wira answered on the second ring.
“Yes?”
“It failed. They were heavily armed. Professional. The intelligence was wrong.”
“How bad?”
“We lost most of the men. We’ll be lucky if we make it out of here. I hear sirens.”
“Damn.” Wira paused. “Do what you must. Go with Allah.”
The driver disconnected, understanding that he had just been sentenced to death if he couldn’t get to the rendezvous point safely. It didn’t bother him. He’d long been prepared for the eventuality, although he hadn’t expected it to happen that morning. Still, everyone had to die sometime, and today was as good a day as any to go to his reward.
A police cruiser swerved out of a side street and accelerated behind the vans. Its lights blinked and siren blared as it fishtailed and then regained control. An amplified voice boomed over the car’s public address system and ordered the vans to stop. The driver glanced at the pistol on the seat beside him and nodded. He would need to remember to count his shots so he could save the final bullet for himself.
Another cruiser joined the pursuit, and the driver floored the accelerator as the men in the cargo area fired at the police through the open rear doors. He knew it was hopeless, but he would lead them on a merry chase and cause as much damage as possible if today was to be his final one. An officer leaned out of the passenger side of the police car and fired a 12-gauge riot gun with double-aught buckshot as a series of white starbursts dotted the squad car’s windshield. The policeman’s second shot blew out the remaining rear tire, and the van lost control as it tried to make the turn onto a larger boulevard, flipping over three times before coming to rest in a pool of fuel.
The lead van driver accelerated now that he was on a larger street, and felt a brief glimmer of hope before another cruiser darted from a side street in front of him and blocked his way. He uttered a silent prayer and pointed the wheel squarely at the side of the car, and then he flew through the air as the hood crumpled on impact, ejected headfirst through the vaporized windshield.
The van exploded in a ball of flame, its fuel ignited by an errant spark from the collision. The last thing the driver saw before he hit the pavement was the fire reaching for the heavens, a thing of pure majesty, the embodiment of destruction brought to Singapore by men of vision and determination in an ongoing holy war that would know no end.
 
Chapter 9
Ramallah, West Bank
The graveyard shift was a kind of penance for Maya under normal circumstances, the tedious hours ticking by in slow motion, but not this night – her mind raced out of control as she tried to engineer an escape from the box she found herself in. As the hours wore on, any confidence she’d been able to muster waned as she played through scenarios in her head where she was able to warn her superiors, bypassing Kevod, and averting disaster.
But even as she imagined ways to do so, she understood that she really didn’t have any evidence other than hearsay – a conversation overheard that she may or may not have interpreted accurately. And even if she was taken at face value and given full benefit of the doubt, what was the crime committed? Discussing ball bearings?
Maya believed that the man in the house was the passenger from the ambulance attack, but what proof did she have? True, his features were similar to those in a grainy photo taken through a dirty windshield, but the reality was that it was a face not unlike that of a substantial number of adult males in the West Bank. With the beard, the resemblance was even fainter, although she was still convinced it was him.
And he was involved in a plot that would cause maximum destruction to “the cockroaches.” Her imagination hadn’t invented that.
When the first rays of dawn marbled the eastern sky with purple and fuchsia veins, she was pacing, nervous energy causing her to grind her teeth, frustrated with her predicament. If her superior wasn’t a pig, she might have had a chance, but as it was, she was sure that any confession would be used to grind her into the dirt. Traffic began arriving, as it had that fateful morning Sarah had lost her life, and she busied herself with routine checks, praying for her final hour to draw to a close so she could try to get some sleep. She couldn’t think clearly running on empty, and she was hoping some rest would afford her the breakthrough that had eluded her during the night.
When her shift was over, she made her way to the women’s barracks, which now felt more like a prison than a refuge. She was sure that Kevod had something to do with her being the only female at the checkpoint, a sort of solitary confinement to punish her for rejecting him. She stripped off her uniform and hung it in her locker, her robe and hijab safely hidden away in one of the bathroom cabinets, and within minutes was lying on her cot, staring at the ceiling, waiting for sleep to embrace her.
Maya’s slumber was restless. She tossed and turned to the distracting lullaby of muffled motors revving and gears grinding out in the line. When she cracked her eyes open five hours after lying down, she felt more fatigued than ever. A headache had started while she dozed that now threatened to blossom into an incapacitating throb.
A tepid shower and three cups of black coffee revived her, and by the time Samuel was back on duty, she felt jittery but alert. The heat of the day was intense when she met him by the rear gate. She still wore her uniform, but kept her disguise rolled up under one arm.
“I’ve got a situation, Samuel,” she said in greeting, worry written across her face.
“Yeah? What is it?”
She told him about her suspicions.
He emitted a low whistle and shook his head. “I’d go to Kevod, or above him. These are people’s lives you’re playing with.”
“I know. But I need more than just a few overheard snatches of conversation. It’s not enough to get anyone to act.”
“You can’t be sure of that.”
“Yes, I can. Anyone I report it to will call Kevod right after I finish, and he’ll tell them I’m a problem case. That’ll ensure the warning goes nowhere.”
“Maybe you can invent a story – you overheard two men talking while working the line?”
She frowned. “How believable does that sound? Two guys discussing their next terrorist strike while within earshot of the IDF?”
He shrugged. “I see your point. Hey, you could leave an anonymous note where Kevod could find it. Or send one to the command center.”
“Which might or might not generate any interest. That’s about as good as a coin toss, and you know it.”
“They treat this sort of thing very seriously.”
“Perhaps. But if this is going down in the next couple of days, we can’t afford any blundering around. And as of right now I have no idea where the bomb is located.”
“I thought you said it was at the house.”
“No, that’s part of the problem. The guy I think killed Sarah lives there, but he was telling the other one he’d be getting ball bearings for him. So it sounds like it’s the other man who’s actually building the bomb, and it didn’t sound like he was doing it at the house.”
Samuel paused. “What are you going to do?”
“See if I can tail him when he leaves after picking up the bearings.”
Samuel blinked in disbelief. “Are you insane?”
“Maybe. But do you have a better idea?”
He stared off into the distance before answering. “Not really. What a crappy situation.”
“Tell me about it.”
“Look, do me a favor. If you need help or anything happens, text or call me. Seriously. If there’s trouble, I’ll make sure the entire IDF shows up.”
Her expression softened. “Thanks, Samuel. You’re a true friend.”
“No, I’m just as crazy as you are. But it would be better if you made it back tonight and filed a formal report. Just come up with a story about how you’ve been sneaking out – I don’t want to get my ass handed to me for helping you.”
“You just offered to lead the cavalry over the hills.”
“That was as a last resort, and it’s deniable – you called me, remember? But I don’t need it memorialized in writing that I assisted you in your little missions.”
Maya glanced around the empty area and nodded before pulling her robe over her head and donning the hijab. She stepped close to him, placed her hand on his shoulder and squeezed gently. “What’s with the long face? I’ll be back in no time.”
Samuel watched her disappear around a dusty corner, the constant wind blowing long threads of sand over the rough pavement, and muttered under his breath.
“Girl’s lost it. Completely lost it.”
 
Chapter 10
Prague, Czech Republic
Max strode down the boulevard, streetlamps illuminating his way, his black overcoat and briefcase identifying him as a mid-level businessman returning home after a long day at the office. He paused at an intersection and checked his watch, then turned and walked down the smaller, quiet street, taking his time as he fiddled with his cell phone. Two blocks further he hesitated in front of a large residence whose austere façade served as a memorial to glory days past. After glancing around, he mounted the three steps to the front stoop, clutching the iron railing for support, and depressed the doorbell.
He stood like a penitent before the enameled door for twenty seconds, and then a female voice called from inside.
“Yes?”
“I’m here for my piano class.”
The door swung open, and a tall woman wearing dress slacks and a crème silk blouse studied him for a moment.
“Ah. Just so. Come in,” she said.
He entered the foyer, which was lit by two low-wattage bulbs in antique sconces above a wall decorated with forgettable oil paintings, and his hostess closed the door behind him.
“Was there something special you had in mind?”
“I made an appointment with Esther.”
“I see. Would you be kind enough to open your briefcase? Strictly routine, I assure you.”
Max looked uncomfortable, but nodded. He placed the case on a small side table and thumbed the latches open with a snap. The woman looked inside, her face impassive. She took in the diaper and pacifier without comment and nodded. He closed the case, blushing slightly.
“Very well. This way. Would you like a cocktail? Some other sort of refreshment?” she asked, leading him down the wood-paneled hall. To the right, through a double-width doorway, was a palatial living room with heavy antique furniture and baroque décor. Obviously wealthy men of all persuasions were lounging about, drinking with scantily clad young women, some in lingerie. A swarthy fellow with olive skin cupped his companion’s breast with a playful grin; the fact that he was easily triple her age was apparently not a deterrent in matters of the heart. Two men in their forties wearing silk suits chatted in hushed but distinctively Russian tones at a small round table near the entry. Several lithe hostesses hovered silently near them, swaying slightly to the ambient music. A polished mahogany bar occupied the far end of the room, and a breathtakingly beautiful platinum blonde wearing a bow tie and gold sequined halter top mixed drinks behind it.
“No, thanks. I think I’d just like to visit with Esther.”
“Of course. Right this way,” she said, escorting him up a wide staircase whose beige marble steps were perfectly complemented by the rich dark hardwood banister. He followed quietly, admiring the framed photographs of nineteenth-century Prague, before arriving at the landing. A long corridor with doors on either side stretched to the rear of the house. The woman approached the third on the right and rapped softly. “Esther, dear?” she cooed. “You have a visitor.”
She turned and gave Max a warm smile and then made her way back down the hallway, leaving him to his fate. The door opened, and a stunning brunette in a black silk robe eyed him, a knowing smile on her flawless face. She nodded and stepped back, allowing him to enter the room, which could have been from another planet, so differently from the rest of the house was it appointed. The walls were covered in black latex, the lighting muted red, with the center of attention a king-sized bed that featured a shiny crimson rubber sheet. Above it an elaborate harness fashioned from leather with four chrome rings connecting what looked like stirrups hung from the ceiling, and next to the bed a dizzying array of whips, clamps, sex toys, handcuffs, and bindings were displayed in an open armoire.
“Darling. It’s good to see you,” Esther cooed, pushing the door closed behind her before moving across the room. “I hope you’ve been taking your vitamins.”
“I have. And I’ve been looking forward to this all month. I like the new place,” Max said, studying the accessories on the shelves.
“Yes, well, it’s very discreet. Perfect for our little rendezvous, don’t you think?”
“Absolutely.”
Esther opened her robe and shrugged it off, revealing a leather corset and black thigh boots with five-inch spiked heels. “Are you ready for your session? Have you been a bad boy?”
“Very, very bad. Offensively so,” Max assured her.
She moved an antique coat rack over a few feet and hung the robe on it, and then approached Max, who was sitting on the bed, his expression neutral. Esther mouthed the word “camera” and winked. Max nodded.
“Open the briefcase, and let’s see what you brought, shall we?” she suggested.
“I told you I’ve been bad.”
“No more talking until I give you permission. You will obey me now, or you’ll pay for your disobedience.”
Max opened the case and twisted two hidden levers with practiced fingers, revealing a hidden compartment. He removed two sheets of paper and several black-and-white photographs and handed them to Esther. She took them and read the documents carefully and then studied the photos for a few moments before handing them back.
“Perhaps some music…” she murmured, her voice smooth as velvet.
“I’d like that.”
“I told you not to talk unless I permit it. You haven’t learned, have you? It looks like you’ll need to be punished, you bad, horrible thing. Now keep your mouth shut, or it will go harder on you,” Esther said, steel in her tone.
Max rolled his eyes and shook his head. She gave him a little shrug, and then went to the stereo and turned it on. A techno beat pulsed from the speakers as she neared him. Her lips hovered over his ear like a lover, and he could barely make out her whisper.
“Nice to see you again. When do you think this will all go down?”
“We hear he’s looking for new girls, but it could be a few months,” Max replied softly.
“Two more months of this and I’ll want to kill myself. You have no idea what kinds of sick bastards come in here.”
Max studied the harness. “I’m sorry. I have no say in it.”
“I know. I’m just complaining. It’s not so bad. Almost all my clientele are middle-aged men who want to be spanked or flogged. It could be worse.”
“Your country is grateful for your service.”
“Sure it is. Now get your pants off. If they don’t hear some spanking within a few minutes, they’re going to think I found the camera and blocked it deliberately.”
“Can’t you fake it?” Max complained.
“Remember how grateful your country will be. No, there’s no sound quite like a paunchy ass being smacked.”
“I resent that. I work out.”
“Sure you do. Come on. We don’t have all night.”
Max sighed and shook his head. “At least I don’t have to get into that thing,” he said, eyeing the hanging restraint system.
She gave him a small smile, her eyes twinkling with mischief. “Not yet, anyway. But the night’s young. You better leave a hell of a tip.”
 
Chapter 11
Ramallah, West Bank
After glancing around to confirm nobody was in sight, Maya broke into an old car parked in front of a crumbling apartment complex three blocks from the checkpoint, used the skills she’d acquired in juvenile lockup to hotwire it, and then left it in an alley that ran along the back of the lots across the street from the house.
She took up a position behind a half-collapsed wall where she could see the front entrance. As nightfall came and went, she plotted her move once the mystery bomb maker arrived to collect his materials.
Anxious for the rendezvous to take place, Maya peered at her watch in the gloom, fighting to control her impatience. As she’d told Samuel, her only real option was to follow the bomb maker, identify the factory, and then notify the authorities. She had no doubt that the IDF would move decisively against a specific location; her plan was to confirm the spot, return to the house, have a chat with the young terrorist about the whereabouts of his partner, and then either drag him to justice or shoot him.
How that played out was almost irrelevant to her, and she saw no moral quandary in the concept of an eye for an eye – just as the terrorists had had no problem executing her friend and likely scores of others if their plan came to fruition. Regardless of how the media spun things, this was a war – the terrorists were enemy combatants who would cheerfully kill innocents, and deserved no pity.
Maya’s thumb unconsciously played along her pistol grip as a battered seventies-era Peugeot sedan rolled to a stop in front of the house. Her breath quickened when two men got out – one an older, bearded figure, and the other the ambulance driver, at least as far as she could make out from that distance. The front door opened, and the younger man from the prior night beckoned them inside. His gaze swept the street, and for a moment Maya felt like he was staring directly at her even though she knew it was impossible – there wasn’t enough light on her side of the street to make out anything.
Seconds ticked by, dragging into minutes, and after half an hour the door opened and the young man emerged, heaving a heavy burlap sack. The ambulance driver followed behind with its twin. The bearded man came last and trailed them to the car, where they deposited their loads in the trunk before opening the doors and climbing in.
Maya’s breath caught when she saw a child backlit in the doorway, no more than four or five, waving to the car before he pushed the door shut. The sputter of the car’s engine broke Maya out of her trance, and she bolted for her vehicle, black robe billowing around her as she ran.
Getting the motor started took three tries with the bare wires, and by the time she got it into gear and pulled out of the alley, the Peugeot’s brake lights were rounding a corner two blocks away. She floored the accelerator, keeping her headlights off, and prayed that there were no stray dogs or children in the road because the first she’d know of them would be a wet bump. When she reached the intersection, she cranked the wheel left and flipped on the lights. Her quarry was a hundred meters in front of her, moving at a moderate pace. She closed the distance a few more car lengths and then settled at a sane speed.
The drive took her across town to another mosque, smaller and less ornate than the main one in the city center. The Peugeot pulled to the curb near the entrance, and Maya rolled past it, watching in her rearview mirror as the three terrorists spilled from the vehicle and moved with the bags into a doorway at the side of the main building. She parked at the end of the block and made her way back to the mosque, which was dark and appeared closed.
Seeing nobody on the sidewalk as she brushed past the door, and hearing nothing in the vicinity, she turned and retraced her steps until she stood in front of it. She winced as the lever squeaked when she twisted it and waited a long second before pushing it open and stepping inside, free hand gripping her pistol beneath her billowing folds.
She found herself in a large walled courtyard, the main mosque on the right and four outbuildings barely visible in the darkness next to it. Light seeped from beneath the far doorway, and Maya crept toward it, suddenly not nearly so sure of the evening’s outcome. She was in the heart of enemy territory with one gun, up against God only knew what, with no backup and no escape plan. Maya swallowed hard and bit back the fear that threatened to sap her resolve. She continued to the door and pressed her ear against it in an effort to hear. The bomb maker’s distinctive rasp was recognizable even through the thick wood.
“We are not far from success, my friends. Now that we have the required material, we can mold the device into the truck’s tank. When the C-4 detonates, it will have a kill radius of at least fifty meters. Nothing will survive.”
“Can we use it by tomorrow evening? When traffic at the settlement entry is the heaviest?”
“It should be done in time if we work all night. Which we are prepared to do.”
“We have a martyr to drive the truck,” a new speaker said. “Congratulations, Abreeq. You are indeed a master. Nobody would suspect an electrical company truck to be a rolling bomb. They will allow it at least up to the gates, no question.”
“I expect so, Ammar. And we’ll use a cell phone trigger, so there are no mistakes the driver could make that will affect the detonation. You’ll be in control of when to set it off, from a safe distance,” Abreeq said.
“And you’re confident that if the truck is searched before arriving at the gates, the device will evade detection?”
“Absolutely.”
Maya pulled her cell phone from her robe and entered the mosque address along with a brief message to Samuel about the bomb. She was preparing to send it when the courtyard door behind her opened.
“Hey. What are you doing there?” a man’s voice demanded loudly.
She spun, panicked, and struggled to keep her tone even.
“I’m sorry. I was looking for…for a bathroom. It’s an emergency,” she said in Arabic.
“A bathroom? What does this look like? How did you get in here?” the man growled, suspicion dripping from every word.
Maya knew he wasn’t buying it but had no choice but to bluster through. “I tried the door there. I thought maybe the mosque might have a service restroom. I’m sorry. I meant no harm.” She began walking away from where she’d been eavesdropping, but when she caught a glimpse of the man’s face, she could see he didn’t believe her.
“Not so fast,” he barked, reaching into his jacket pocket.
“I said I’m sorry,” she protested, her hand sweating on her pistol.
The man withdrew a snub-nosed revolver, its stainless steel length glinting in the moonlight. “Oh, you’ll be sorry, all right.”
The explosion of the Jericho 9mm pistol firing from inside her robe echoed off the walls. Her first shot caught the man in the chest. The second hit him in the throat, but he was still standing. She freed the gun from her vestment and fired a third time, taking off half his face, and he crumpled to the ground as the door she’d been listening at burst open. She darted to the building nearest the courtyard entrance as men piled out, guns in hand. Her slim advantage was the light inside the room, so their eyes would take a few moments to adjust before they’d be able to make anything out. She pulled at the door in front of her, and it opened. The creak of its hinges drew immediate gunfire, and chunks of the heavy wooden slab splintered off as a dozen bullets pummeled it and the surrounding stone wall, sending rock chips flying.
Maya bolted the door and found herself in a windowless storage room with musty air tainted with an odor of petroleum. She felt along the wall and almost tripped over the distinctive form of a generator. Beside it rested two jerry cans of gasoline, which she confirmed by opening one. More bullets pounded into the door, which then shuddered on its iron hinges as someone threw their weight against it. Maya knew it wouldn’t hold long, and she was vastly outgunned.
She felt for her cell and sent the text message to Samuel, hoping that he would be able to make good on his promise to send help. She barely made out the dark shape of a door at the far end of the room, with a faint light shining through a chink in its surface.
Of course – there would be a way to access the equipment area from inside the mosque in the event of a blackout.
Maya eyed the gas can as the courtyard door shuddered again. This time the wood next to the iron bolt split with a crack. She kicked the container over so that fuel spilled onto the stone floor and then ran to the mosque door and fumbled with the lever.
Locked.
The courtyard door shattered. She pivoted and shot four times into the opening as it swung inward, then turned her gun on the mosque deadbolt and fired at the wood around it. Desperate, she slammed her shoulder into the planks as more gunfire erupted from the courtyard. The lock gave just as a man’s frame blocked the courtyard doorway and the distinctive shape of a rifle swept the pitch-black room. She pirouetted and fired at the gunman and then at the generator.
Her third round caused a spark from its metal chassis. The gasoline on the floor ignited with a whump that drove her backward into the mosque, eyebrows singed. The second jerry can of gasoline exploded, sending a fireball through both doors, and she rolled onto her stomach and crawled away, wincing at a burn of pain where a ricochet had grazed her biceps.
The main entry rattled as someone outside pulled at it. She forced herself to her feet, blinking dust out of her eyes as she stumbled deeper into the darkened mosque. Her phone vibrated in her pocket, but she ignored it, choosing instead to slap home a fresh magazine in her pistol while she had the chance. Voices cried out from the exterior grounds as gunmen tried to find a way into the building, and she knew it was only a matter of time before they tracked down a key or someone braved the sea of fire in the equipment room. She gazed around frantically looking for any means of escape, but saw nothing.
Maya pushed into a smaller room where piles of rugs were stacked next to a grimy window. She hurried to it and felt for the latch handle, and was about to unlock it when a shadow flitted across the pane as someone outside approached. She knelt in a corner, her robe and hijab pulled over her, praying that in the darkness she would be mistaken for a shadow.
A bearded face flattened against the glass, the man’s hands cupped around it, and she held still, afraid to move. The moonlight reappeared in the window when the man moved on, and she exhaled a soft sigh of relief, which was cut off by the sound of shattering glass in the mosque, followed by agitated voices. Inside.
Maya instantly decided that taking on an unknown number of assailants outside with at least the benefit of running room was preferable to shooting it out with heavily armed gunmen inside the mosque. She was under no illusions that her pistol was any match for assault rifles, and whether inside or out, she knew she was outmatched.
The window latch opened with a snick, and she pulled the glass open, grateful that the hinges didn’t make a sound. A grind of metal against stone echoed through the mosque behind her. She hoisted herself through the window, landing on the dirt outside as two gunmen spun toward her no more than twenty yards away. She rolled as they fired at her, and she squeezed off six shots in rapid succession, cutting down the shooter with the rifle and sending his pistol-toting companion sprawling for cover.
Maya found herself in a small clearing adjacent to the mosque, the air thick with the odor of garbage from a makeshift neighborhood dump. She rose onto one knee as the surviving gunman loosed a shot at her, and she fired four more rounds at his muzzle flash. He cried out in pain and fell backward, hitting the ground hard before lying still.
Machine-gun fire chattered from a window, and she threw herself behind the remains of a stripped car, nothing left but the rusted carcass. Bullets pounded into it as she peered around one side. Maya aimed carefully and fired twice, and was rewarded by a grunt and a pause in the shooting. She was debating making a break for it when she saw three men round the corner of the mosque, weapons in hand. Maya crept away from the car, further to the rear of the lot, where a pile of rubble rose from the ground, the only trace of the structure that had once stood in its place. She made it to the debris and was preparing for her final stand when a blinding pain shrieked through the back of her head and everything went black.
 
Chapter 12
Maya regained consciousness to the percussive sound of shooting – the rapid-fire stutter of automatic weapons, higher pitched than the AK-47s the terrorists were using. She tried to sit up, but her skull was splitting, and she immediately felt so dizzy she almost passed out again. Tongues of flame licked from the mosque windows as gunmen returned fire at soldiers wearing the distinctive uniforms of the IDF. She watched one of the Israelis toss a grenade at the window from which she’d escaped, and a blinding flash shattered the night.
A pair of Palestinians darted from a nearby half-collapsed wall and let loose a volley at the soldiers, who hit the ground and fired back. Slugs whined around the shooters, and then another grenade landed a few feet away from them and exploded, shredding both men in a blast of shrapnel and flame and nearly severing one man’s torso at the waist. The soldiers leapt to their feet and continued across the field, weapons at the ready. Maya watched the exchange with a sense of surreal detachment, her vision blurring as she tried to make sense of the images.
The thumping of a helicopter overhead greeted her. A spotlight on the aircraft’s nose flickered to life and played over the exterior of the mosque before moving to the courtyard side, where it sounded like a pitched gun battle was still underway. Maya groped on the ground for her pistol and found it nearby. More shooting split the darkness. A man screamed in agony and went down at the rear of the mosque. Disoriented, she held a hand to her head and probed the back of her skull under the hijab. She winced as she felt a swollen bump, and her fingers came away slick with blood from where a rifle stock had slammed into her.
The chopper’s big .50 caliber machine gun belched its deadly payload into the courtyard. More grenades exploded, and the interior of the mosque blinked orange as a firefight played out inside. The helicopter roared lower, firing as it descended, and in another minute the battle was over. Silence settled over the area.
Across the street handfuls of locals emptied from the buildings to watch the show, their natural fear of a battle overruled by the desire to see what had happened. IDF soldiers quickly established a perimeter around the mosque, and Maya watched as three of them approached her, two with rifles at port arms, the man in the middle…Kevod.
When they reached her, he looked down like she was something he’d scraped off his shoe. His tight smile of contempt was visible even in the dim light, and her stomach sank.
“So. Here you are, out of uniform, off base illegally, involved in an armed assault in hostile territory, creating an international incident that will be in all the Arab newspapers for the next month. I can see the headlines already: Israelis attack mosque in West Bank; brave Palestinians defend their sacred ground. Tell me how this could get any worse?”
“I…I sent a…a message to…one of the men.”
“A message? That’s nice. What the hell are you talking about?”
“It’s…the men who shot…Sarah…a bomb…”
Kevod looked around uncomprehendingly. “I don’t have the faintest idea what you’re going on about, but we’re here in response to shooting and explosions, not some phantom message. Corporal, I want her shackled and held in custody, am I clear?”
The man on Kevod’s right looked uncomfortable, but nodded. “Yes, sir.”
“You…you’ve got it…all wrong,” Maya tried again, but her voice sounded odd to her ear, as if coming from the bottom of a deep well.
“Sure I do. Save it for your trial. You’ve gone way over the line this time. There’s no excuse. None.”
“But…” Maya drew a deep breath, steeling herself for a last attempt to explain her presence, but the sky began spinning, the stars and moon pinwheeling overhead, and then the world closed in.
~ ~ ~
Maya’s nose twitched. The air smelled like chemicals – astringent, a cleaning product or an antiseptic. She cracked an eye open and was treated to sun streaming through a row of white, partially open vertical blinds. The room she was in was painted off-white, and it took her a few seconds to register the IV line in her arm and the muted beeping of a monitor behind her. She was lying in a bed, presumably in a hospital, obviously alive.
She tried to sit up, but her head protested with a sharp spike of pain. When she reached up to touch it, she was stopped by the bite of a steel handcuff secured to one of the bed rails. Maya tried to recall what had happened, but her last memory was of Kevod standing over her after the gun battle.
A military nurse entered and wordlessly examined her vital signs and then changed the dressing on her head wound. Maya’s brow scrunched, and she sucked in her breath as the woman’s fingers probed the tender area, and then a warm relaxation flooded her when the nurse injected pain reliever into the IV line.
The stern-faced woman left, and moments later a tall man with a lieutenant’s insignia on his uniform entered carrying a briefcase. He pulled up a chair next to the bed and sat, regarding her with a neutral gaze before switching on a small voice recorder and placing it on the side table.
“Maya Weiss, is that right?”
“Yes, sir.”
“I’m Lieutenant Wasserman. I’m going to ask you some questions, and I need you to answer them truthfully and completely. Do you understand?”
“Of course, sir.”
“Very well. Let’s start with some easy ones. What’s your name and rank?”
“I’m a Turai – a private.”
“How old are you?”
“Nineteen.”
He studied a folder he’d withdrawn from his briefcase. “I see you’ve had your share of brushes with the law. Spent…two years in juvenile detention and then an orphanage before the IDF?”
“Yes, sir.” She saw no reason to comment on the charges that had placed her there. He obviously had all the details in his hands.
“Why don’t you take me through what you were doing off base at a mosque in the West Bank? Start at the beginning. Leave nothing out. I might interrupt you with questions here and there, but it’s strictly to get a better understanding or to clarify some point.”
“Yes, sir.” Her head felt woozy, but a sudden thought occurred to her. “Why am I cuffed to the bed?”
The door swung open, and a short, trim, uniformed man with a pencil-thin mustache entered, a look on his face like he’d spent the morning sucking on lemons.
“Yes, Lieutenant,” he said. “Why don’t you tell the prisoner why she’s cuffed?” he suggested, his tone sharp. “Or did that slip your mind when you came in to question her before she’d had a chance to confer with her legal counsel?”
Lieutenant Wasserman looked annoyed. He reached out and retrieved his recorder.
“Avi, always a pleasure.”
Avi looked at Maya. “Did you say anything?”
“Just name and rank.”
Wasserman shrugged. “And age. We beat that out of her, too.”
Avi scowled and spoke to Maya, ignoring Wasserman. “You’re in custody. You’ve been charged with serious crimes, and this man is an interrogator. He works for the prosecution. Do not say another word to him. To anybody. From now on you speak only to me. I’m your legal counsel. Lieutenant Avi Fleisher.”
Maya’s eyes narrowed as Wasserman stood and glowered at them both. “You win this round, Avi, but she’s got to talk to us sooner or later. You know that as well as I.”
“Yes, but I’m a stickler for those boring little details like protecting my client’s rights. Or even alerting her that she has them. I presume you failed to mention to her that she was in custody?”
“I was just getting to that.”
“Sure you were. Well, it’s been fun, but you have no legitimate business here. And you can bet I’ll be filing a complaint.”
“File away. I just stopped in to see how she was doing.”
“Uh-huh. Is there anything else, Lieutenant?”
Wasserman collected his briefcase and slipped the file and recorder into it before making his way to the door. He glared at Maya, any semblance of friendliness gone. “I’ll be seeing you both very soon.”
“Don’t let it hit you on the way out,” Avi said.
When Wasserman left, Avi took the seat he’d vacated and set his backpack on the floor. He retrieved his own file and opened it, flipped through the three pages, and then closed it.
“You’re being charged with going AWOL, eight counts related to being at the mosque, and a treason charge. This is as serious as it gets, Maya. I can call you Maya, right?”
Maya nodded. “That’s crazy. I tried to tell Kevod what I was doing there, but he’s got it in for me. He wouldn’t listen. And then I blacked out.”
“Well, whether or not it’s crazy is up to the court. My job is to defend you. To do that I need to understand the truth. Not your spin. The whole truth, warts and all. Everything.”
She nodded again. “It all started with my friend Sarah. She was killed in the attack on the checkpoint three weeks ago. Along with two others.”
“Go on.”
She described her plan and how she’d sneaked out, day after day, working the locals for information until she was able to find one of the men responsible for the attack.
Avi interrupted her. “How did you know it was him?”
“I had a photo. Of both men, from the security cameras.”
“Ah. Go on.”
She explained how she tailed the terrorist, the discussion she’d overheard, and her final decision to follow the men to the bomb factory. She ended with the events leading up to the shootout. “Then I passed out. That’s all I remember.”
“So your contention is that there was a bomb in the mosque?”
“Not in the mosque. In the outbuilding.”
“Right. And the ball bearings were part of the device.”
“Correct. Like I said.”
She yawned, exhausted, and Avi’s frown deepened. He made several more notes in the margins of the report and stood. “I’ll be back tomorrow. Again, Maya, do not speak with anyone. Do not answer any questions. If anyone attempts to interrogate you, refuse to answer and demand that I be called at once. Here’s my card, with my cell number on the back.” He fixed her with a cold stare. “This is deadly serious, young lady. I don’t know what you did to infuriate your superior, but he’s pulled out all the stops to see you buried.”
“Right. Sergeant Kevod. He’s a shit. He’s angry because I wouldn’t have sex with him. He’s a liar and a bully.”
Avi stood, motionless. “Your position is that this is all about a failed overture?”
“If you want to call bullying and sexual harassment an overture, sure. Why do you think most of the time women in the IDF report to female officers? This is obviously why.”
Avi nodded slowly. “Perhaps. But unfortunately it comes off as a weak defense, trying to tar and feather your superior instead of responding directly to the charges.”
She matched his scowl with her own. “Right. Because we can’t have it on the record that it’s all about his small dick syndrome, can we? The boys’ club protects its own.”
He moved to the exit and turned to face her. “Maya, let’s get one thing clear, shall we? I’m not the enemy. I’m the only thing standing between you and a world of hurt. So don’t talk down to me or accuse me of being part of your problem. I’m not. I’m your best friend, your savior, and the answer to your prayers. So lose the attitude. I’ll be back tomorrow. Get some rest.”
The door closed behind him with the finality of a judge’s gavel, leaving her to consider her dim prospects in silence. The reality of her situation settled over her like a malevolent fog. She closed her eyes, the narcotic numbing the worst of her anxiety, and retreated into the recesses of her mind, where she escaped when the external world became unbearable, as she had in childhood when those chartered with her protection had betrayed her in the dead of night.
 
Chapter 13
A female corporal led Maya to the interrogation room and latched her cuff to the arm of a scarred metal chair bolted to the concrete floor. She peered at the stitches on her biceps where the bullet wound had been sutured and was relieved to see that it had been competently closed, so at least she wouldn’t have much of a scar – the smallest of her worries in light of the ordeal to come.
The room smelled of fear and desperation. The lead-colored walls did nothing to lighten the oppressive atmosphere, and the struggling air conditioner humming through the overhead vent did little to freshen it. Her head still hurt, but only a fraction of what it had the day before, which was the one bright spot in her morning so far.
She gazed around the room, wondering how many times she would be chained to a stool before this ugly misadventure was over. Her act of heroism hadn’t gone quite as planned, and while she’d always understood that there was a chance things might turn out badly, being court-martialed hadn’t seemed realistic, Kevod’s blustering notwithstanding.
How wrong she’d obviously been. A tingle of fear tickled her stomach. Her life was in the hands of an openly hostile system that didn’t have her interests at heart.
Same as ever.
The bolt scraped on the heavy steel door, and it swung wide. Avi entered, and it slammed shut behind him. He sat down heavily, his expression angry, which was only slightly different from his demeanor yesterday.
“You lied to me. About everything,” he began. No greeting, no small talk.
“What do you mean? I didn’t lie–”
“I have the application you completed for consideration for the Mossad, along with your aptitude test results. Nothing you told me matches up with it.”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
“Your language test showed a C grade and no indication that you speak Arabic, or anything else. I don’t know what game you’re playing, but lying to me is a surefire ticket to the stockade for a very long time.”
Her eyes widened in puzzlement. “But I do. I have no idea why it’s graded like that. They never show us the results. It just disappears into a black hole–”
“Fine. Why don’t you explain to me what you think happened?” Avi suggested in accented Arabic.
“I already told you. Why my test would be graded that way, I have no idea,” she responded in Arabic. “Unless…I smell Kevod in this.”
Avi’s stern countenance registered surprise. “Your Arabic is good.”
“It’s better than good. It’s perfect,” she said, then switched to English with a vaguely Midwestern American accent. “As is my English, French, and all the rest. Look, someone altered my submission. Can you take two guesses who that might have been?”
Avi sat back, thoughtful. “I need to take this under advisement.”
“Great. Meanwhile I’m rotting in here.”
“The other part of your story also doesn’t check out. There were no explosives at the mosque.”
She looked genuinely puzzled. “And the ball bearings?”
“They were found, but there was no device, just two bags of bearings, which while suspect, is hardly enough to clear you.”
“Wait. The bomb maker. He said something about the device being mounted in a utility truck with a remote detonator.”
“Sure he did.”
“No, I’m serious. Want to bet the explosives are somewhere else, and they just stopped at the mosque to pick up more supplies? Or perhaps there’s another explanation…”
“Like there’s no bomb.”
“Look, you didn’t believe me about my language skills, and you’ve seen you were wrong. Give me the benefit of the doubt. And what possible innocent reason can you think of for there to be a cache of ball bearings in a mosque? Tell me that.”
“Coming up with alternative theories isn’t how I typically mount a convincing defense unless I have absolutely nothing else to go with. I prefer evidence that shows the charges are baseless. Unfortunately, at least one of the counts is easy to prove. You were off the base, out of uniform, when you were supposed to be in the barracks.”
“I was in uniform beneath the robe.”
“That means nothing.”
“If you go into the West Bank wearing an IDF uniform and you’re not in an armed convoy, it’s a death sentence.”
Avi sighed. “I understand that. I completely get why you were disguised. For your own safety. Unfortunately, all that proves is that you didn’t want to get killed by an angry mob. It says nothing about your motives.”
“I already told you why I did it.”
“Even if I believed you, that still makes you guilty of most of the charges, Maya.” He paused. “What were you thinking would happen? Really?”
She stared at the dented metal tabletop and rubbed a tired hand across her face. “I figured they’d find the bomb and throw me a parade. Honestly. I’m not suicidal.” She closed her eyes and then sat up and snapped her fingers. “The bomb maker. Do you have a list of the Palestinian casualties at the mosque?”
Avi shook his head. “What does that have to do with anything?”
“I got a good look at him. He was older. Looked to be in his late fifties or early sixties.” She hesitated. “See if anyone answering that description was killed at the mosque. Because otherwise he’s still out there. And if I’m right, he’s targeting one of the settlements around Ramallah, and it’s only a matter of time until he puts his plan into action and a lot of innocent people wind up dead.” She ignored the expression on Avi’s face. “And see if the ambulance driver was one of the casualties. If not, they both got away.”
Avi looked at her with an expression of disbelief. “You aren’t hearing a word I’m saying, are you?”
“Can you get that information or not? Regardless of my situation, it’s critical. Because he might be out there, and if he is, time will prove I was right all along. But when busloads of women and children get turned into hamburger, that won’t be much of a consolation. Bluntly, my best defense lies with finding the bomb maker and his terrorist sidekicks.”
He grunted. “I can nose around some, I suppose. But I’m not sure what you expect will happen, even if their bodies aren’t there.”
“What will happen is that I’ll give the appropriate parties their names. I’m sure with names they can locate them, given enough resources. And I can offer a detailed description of them both. Enough to find at least one of them in a town with a small population like Ramallah.”
Avi’s eyes narrowed. “You know these men’s names?”
She nodded. “Better get to work. Clock’s ticking, and time’s not our friend.”
“That’s it? Just, get to work? Nothing else?”
She sat back. “Please, just find that out. And then get someone in here whose first priority is to stop a major terrorism attack against one of our settlements. If you can do that, I have a feeling that the rest of this will fall into place, and my actions will be viewed in the correct light. Whether you believe it or not, I haven’t lost my mind, and I know what I heard.”
Avi was silent for several moments. He pushed back from the table and shouldered his backpack. “Fine. But this is a very risky game you’re playing.”
She frowned. “That’s the point. I’m not playing a game. But I’m the only one who knows that. Get me the info, and everyone will.”
 
Chapter 14
Prague, Czech Republic
Esther yawned, her long night finally over, another in a series of depressing encounters that made her want to drink a bottle of Scotch after scrubbing every inch of herself to eradicate the filth she felt covered in. She knew it was purely psychological – she’d taken a shower after her last client, a member of the cabinet who’d apparently never had sufficient breastfeeding as a child. But still, she felt like there was a polluted sheen to her skin that all the soap in the world couldn’t eliminate.
Her clients tended to be easy to please, mostly wanting to be dominated by a strong, beautiful female. Many wanted to be humiliated, which was fine by her, although her eyes had been opened to some surprising facets of the human condition since taking the job. The sex, on the few occasions it was required, was always safe, but it still sickened her, and every time one of her clients touched her, a part of her soul died.
Tonight had been especially unpleasant. The new customer had been drunk, and when she’d refused to cross a line she’d warned in advance wasn’t part of her repertoire, he became abusive and violent. Fortunately Ingrid, the Madam, had reacted swiftly to her call for help, and two burly bouncers had made short work of the man, carting him unceremoniously from the room and warning him to never come back as they showed him the exit. It had rattled her, but it was a horrible gig under the best of circumstances, and she felt fortunate that kind of incident hadn’t happened sooner.
Her cover story had to be airtight, she knew, but after this assignment she was going to hang it up or ask to be retired to less demanding work, perhaps as an instructor. At the ripe old age of twenty-three she felt triple her age, and the duty was wearing on her more with each passing day. She understood the need for operatives who would do the unthinkable, but she’d found that being one exacted a heavy toll, and the excitement of a clandestine life quickly turned into something far uglier than she’d bargained for.
But she’d made a deal with the devil, and she knew she was obligated to keep it. There was no turning back, and the mission depended upon her being above suspicion. Which meant working as a prostitute, albeit an extremely high-end one that specialized in kink – the sort that her target was known to favor.
She rolled her head, trying to loosen the ache that had developed in her neck during the last session, which had mostly involved some light whipping and making the customer beg to suckle her breasts while he wore a pair of oversized pajamas that he’d clearly had custom made, the feet and the button-up front an oversized duplicate of a child’s. She shuddered and closed her eyes, willing away the memory of the man’s sweating, porcine face. When she opened them again, the world appeared slightly less grim. With a final glance at the room where she spent six hours per evening, five nights a week, she extinguished the lights and made her way downstairs, where the other girls were having their after-work drinks – a ritual in the house at four in the morning, half an hour after the official closing time.
Her friend Monique waved a champagne flute at her. “Esther. Come. I saved you some Dom. One of the Russians couldn’t be bothered to finish his second bottle, so we get it. Tasty,” she said. Monique was one year younger than Esther, from Paris, where she’d been a dancer before her enjoyment of cocaine and booze had led her to this business instead of rehearsals. She’d quit the ballet at seventeen and had been working in Prague for one year, having run afoul of the local mob in France over a debt dispute and decided that opportunity lay east.
“Ah, thank you, chérie. Just what the doctor ordered,” Esther said, looking forward to the drink. God knew she needed it. Some nights were like that, some better than others. This had been another one of the hard ones.
Monique poured a flute full and handed it to Esther, who took it gratefully and drained half the glass in two gulps. “Mmm. That’s delicious. You’re a magician, Monique.”
“That’s what all my clients say. The customer’s always right, n’est-ce pas?”
They bantered, trading war stories about the night’s Johns, and before Esther knew it, the Dom Perignon was gone and Monique was pouring herself a glass of sambuca. She offered Esther a splash, but Esther declined. She knew where that led, and the morning hangover wasn’t worth the oblivion the anise liqueur promised. The alcohol and the tension from the night’s confrontation had drained her, and her head was already spinning after the champagne on an empty stomach.
“No, sweetheart, I’m done. Enjoy yourself. I’m off to get my beauty rest,” Esther announced, waving to the room full of young women, each with her own stories, most of which involved a background of abuse, drugs, and living on the streets as runaways before discovering that certain physical attributes could be exchanged for creature comforts.
“Are you sure?” Monique pouted.
“Absolutely, chérie. See you tomorrow, eh?”
Eric, the older bouncer, escorted her to the door, the faint white trace of a knife scar on his cheek glowing in the dim light of the foyer. He held it open for her and watched as she walked down the stairs. Her heels clicked on the cobblestones, echoing off the surrounding buildings like the ticking of a clock.
A dark figure darted from the shadows at the end of the block and was on her before she could reach for the stiletto in her purse. The first blow came out of nowhere and knocked her senseless; the second fractured her jaw. She fell hard, striking her head, and the last thing she registered before the world faded was the drunk from earlier that night, kicking her with a savagery that transformed his mildly handsome face into a twisted mask of rage.
 
Chapter 15
Ramallah, West Bank
The following day Maya was led back into the interrogation room, but this time her wrist wasn’t shackled, which she took as a positive sign, if a small one. She waited the obligatory five minutes and, when the door opened, wasn’t surprised to see Avi – although she was to see him accompanied by a tall, dark-haired man in his thirties wearing a rumpled charcoal suit.
“What is this?” she demanded, instantly distrustful.
“Maya, this is Benjamin. He’s with the Mossad.” Ari let that sink in. “He wanted to meet you. I hope you don’t mind.”
“The Mossad?” she echoed, hoping that signaled that she was finally being taken seriously.
“Yes,” Benjamin said, taking one of the two seats on the other side of the steel table. “Avi brought you to my attention, and I wanted to get a look at you myself. A most unusual story.” He switched to fluent English. “You were taken into custody after being found in the West Bank, where you had been doing clandestine surveillance on a mosque?”
“Yes, that’s right,” she replied in kind.
“On your own,” he said, his disbelief evident.
“Correct.”
“Why?”
“I’ve already explained this.”
He crossed his arms and sat back in the chair. “Explain it again.”
Maya took him through her reasoning. He interrupted her midway through and asked her to continue in Arabic, which she did. When she was finished, he regarded her with sleepy eyes. “And you think you have a lead on the bomb maker and the terrorist leader?” he asked in lightly accented French.
“I know what they look like, and I know their names. Is that good enough?” she answered in perfect French.
“If it proves true.” He paused. “How many languages do you speak?”
“That was all on the original form I filled out.”
“Humor me.”
“Counting Hebrew? Seven. Although I’m teaching myself an eighth.”
“Really. Why?” he asked, appearing to be genuinely curious.
“I enjoy learning new things. Languages were a way to pass the time…when I was younger.”
“And you can write them, too?”
“How do you think I learned them? From books. Of course I can write them,” she snapped, leaving out that her parents had spoken Hebrew, English, and Spanish at home. The Arabic she’d picked up from her pig of a foster father’s maid. None of which was anyone’s business but hers.
Avi and Benjamin exchanged a glance. Avi leaned forward, his hands folded on the table. “Benjamin brought a test he wants you to complete. It shouldn’t take long. An hour, an hour and a half, tops.”
“Why should I do anything? I’m under arrest. You’re the one who told me not to say anything or talk to anyone but you.”
Avi nodded. “It might help your case.”
“I don’t see how.”
Benjamin sighed and stood. “Very well, then. Take your chances with the court.”
“But the bomber…”
“I don’t believe you. I think it’s an invention to justify your actions. I don’t know what your game is, but I’ve had enough of it,” he said, his tone stern.
Avi held up a hand and frowned. “Maya. He’s not bluffing. Just take the test, and then, depending on what Benjamin thinks, we’ll get a detailed drawing of the bomb maker done and see if we can find him. As your attorney, with all due respect, I’m advising you to shut up and take the test.”
She glared holes through Benjamin. “Just like that. Take it because he said to?”
“Right. And say thank you,” Benjamin fired back, eyeing the door, his slim eel-skin briefcase in hand.
She snorted. “Fine. Let me have it.”
Benjamin returned to the table and sat down. He opened the case and removed a sheaf of papers and slid them to her along with a felt-tip pen. “Answer the questions completely honestly, not however you believe would be the most appropriate. We’re not looking to find the next Supreme Court justice. We want to understand how you think.”
She rolled her eyes and picked up the pen. “I’ve been working on that for nineteen years.”
After ten minutes Avi excused himself, rapping on the steel door in order to be let out. Benjamin moved his chair into a corner of the room and sat smoking, reading a folder, apparently untroubled that a terrorist was running around loose planning to butcher as many settlers as possible. She flipped another page over, the questions answered, and threw him a dark look.
“Do you have to smoke?” she asked.
“Yes.”
“It stinks.”
“So does life. Keep at it.”
“It’s bad for you, too.”
“I appreciate your concern, but you’re wasting time you don’t have.”
She easily finished inside an hour, and when she’d placed a check in the final of the questionnaire’s multiple-choice boxes, she sat back and tossed the pen on the table. “There. Now what?”
Benjamin stood and approached her. He ruffled through the pages, ensuring she hadn’t missed any, and placed them back in the case without comment. His piercing dark eyes studied her face, taking in every contour like a painter preparing to begin a portrait, and then he turned and walked to the exit. His knock sounded like hammer blows. When he left, the door slammed behind him and the bolt slid home with a clank, leaving her alone with her thoughts. The room now stank of nicotine in addition to its other noxious odors.
She had no idea how much time passed before Avi returned with a female sketch artist, trailed by Benjamin. The woman sat across from Maya, and Avi took the other seat. Benjamin remained standing. He cleared his throat and eyed Maya.
“All right. I’m willing to play along. We have the photo of the driver from the checkpoint, and the passenger’s body was found at the mosque. So let’s focus on the bomb maker. Describe the man as well as you can. Everything. Picture his face, like he’s sitting in front of you, and start with its shape.”
“Fine. But what do I get in return?”
“While your test is being evaluated, you get to hope, Maya. You get to hope that this turns out to be a bad dream and that I wave my magic wand and all your problems go away. In the meantime, do as I say. But first, you said you knew their names. How?”
“I heard them talking. I’ll never forget either one of them.”
“Very well. What are they?”
She looked at Avi. “You’re sure this is my best shot?”
He held her gaze and nodded. “It’s your only shot, Maya.”
Maya returned her attention to Benjamin. “Abreeq. The bomb maker’s name is Abreeq, and the terrorist is called Ammar.”
That night, after the lights had dimmed in the hospital corridor and Maya was drifting off to sleep, Benjamin appeared in her room as silently as a phantom. For a moment she thought it was a dream – until he approached the bed, unlocked her cuff, and tossed a folded uniform onto the foot of the bed.
“Put it on. We’re getting out of here,” he said.
“What? I’m free?”
“In a manner of speaking. You aren’t in formal custody anymore, or at least, the charges will evaporate over the next twenty-four hours. But free? Not entirely. You applied to become a member of an elite group, Maya. For reasons I won’t go into, your information didn’t reach us – at least, not accurate information. Now it has, and we’re going to give you an opportunity to prove yourself. Assuming you’re still interested in becoming a Mossad operative.”
A vision of Sarah dying in front of her flashed before her eyes. “Are you kidding? Of course I am.”
“Good. Put the uniform on.”
She pushed aside the thin blanket, swung her legs out of the bed, and then stood next to it, her hospital robe hanging from her shoulders. Benjamin studied her, showing no inclination to avert his eyes. She suspected this was the first of many tests and so pulled the flimsy hospital robe over her head. Benjamin watched her dress, his gaze lingering on her chiseled abs and high, firm breasts. When she had pulled on the pants and was lacing up the combat boots, he moved to the door.
“You’re a tough one, aren’t you, Maya?” he asked quietly.
Maya finished with the laces and pulled the cap over her head, refusing to wince at the lance of pain that shot from the back of her skull. She stood, walked to the en-suite bathroom, and glanced at herself in the mirror before turning to him with a disarming smile.
“You have no idea.”
 
Chapter 16
Jakarta, Indonesia
A flock of birds flapped into the sky from the dense overhead branches, and their raucous squawking filled the air with alarmed cries as they moved as one to a safer area. Below, at a rotting picnic table surrounded by thick jungle, two men sat eating lunch, their vehicles in the dirt parking lot around a bend in the trail that led to the secluded spot. A breeze stirred the treetops as they munched earnestly, the business of eating a solemn one.
When they finished, Wira took a long sip from a plastic water bottle and set it down on the table’s uneven surface. He locked eyes with Putra and spoke so softly it could have been a whisper. “What happened? How could we have gotten it so wrong?”
“I do not know. All information indicated an easy, medium-security effort. We should have been able to mow them down, toss grenades, and be gone before anyone knew what had hit.”
“That is not how it played, though, is it?” Wira asked, his tone dangerously calm.
Putra shook his head. “No.”
“Everyone was lost?”
“Yes. There were no survivors.”
“And how are our brothers dealing with it?”
“Not well. The Singapore authorities are leaving no stone unturned. They are putting considerable pressure on the network. It is not a good situation. It could take years for them to recover, if ever.”
“There is nothing like a failed effort to thin the ranks of the faithful.”
Putra nodded. “It is unfortunate. They were strong allies.”
“Until they walked into a killing field.” Wira paused. “Who is responsible for the erroneous information?”
“It has already been attended to. They, and their families, were executed.” Both Putra and Wira were familiar with the price of failure.
Wira grunted approval.
Putra took a drink of water. “What is our next move?”
Wira stared off at the surrounding trees for a long time before returning his focus on Putra. “What we are doing is ineffective. We are not getting our point across. The media is painting us as bloodthirsty criminals. We cannot continue like this. It makes us look incompetent, like we are only able to succeed when there is no opposition. We need something big. Something memorable.”
Putra waited for him to continue.
“To do something bigger scale, we need heavy ordnance. But all I am getting when I try to make a buy of anything more powerful than dynamite is that it is unavailable. Because of international pressure on trafficking in Semtex, it has become too risky. I thought at first that it was a negotiating ploy, but apparently not. There is none to be had.”
“Then we will fight with what we have, and the strength of our will can be our weapon.”
Wira shook his head and stood. He began pacing, his gaunt frame reminiscent of an agitated stork. “The path of the righteous man is never easy, but I fear that our commitment will not be enough. We require more than our conviction. Our enemies are legion, and they are strong, equipped by their infidel American bitch with the latest technology while we ride into battle with…what? A few rifles in the hands of little more than children?”
Putra could see that Wira was revving himself up, which was never a good sign. He was volatile and, when enraged, could be unpredictable. He was a strong leader, but his reputation was of a man without conscience, whose ire could be triggered by the smallest imagined slight. Putra debated remaining silent, but decided to try to talk Wira down.
“It is Allah’s will that we are faced with these challenges.”
Wira stopped, anger simmering behind his eyes, black as coals, and then his expression softened. “Yes, it is. We are in a grand struggle, one that defines us, where the stakes are the world as we know it. But we need to be clever and not squander our brave men’s courage on impossible goals. No, that approach has not had the desired effect, so we need to do something different.”
Putra waited, but there was nothing forthcoming. After hesitating, he sat back. “Something different,” he repeated. “Very well. What do you have in mind?”
“We need an edge. We need our allies to come to our assistance and provide adequate resources so that we can have a large, definitive victory.” Wira returned to the table and sat again.
Putra nodded in agreement. “Yes. An edge. But what?”
“I want you to put out the word. See what is available. Make it known that there is a buyer for high-ticket destruction. Let us see what comes back to us. Once we know what is out there, we can put a price tag on it and raise the money to acquire it.”
“Do you have a limit on how much we can spend?”
“No. That is the wrong way to go about this. Imagine we have an unlimited supply of money. We are the buyer. Sellers need to tell us what they have and what they want for it. Once we know, then we can plan. It will be far easier to get funding for a definitive than an amorphous idea.”
“Do you have a specific target in mind?”
Wira hesitated. “Yes. The Israeli embassy in Manila.”
Putra’s mouth fell open. “The embassy? But…it is in a tall building. On the 23rd floor. It is impenetrable, is it not? A fortress.” They had discussed all of the embassies in the region, and Putra recalled the Philippines location well. They had allies in the southern Philippines who could help them coordinate a strike, but after careful consideration it had become obvious that the Manila embassy wasn’t a viable target.
“Nothing is safe from the wrath of a righteous man, my friend. Now go. Put out the word. Cast the crumbs upon the surface of the water and see what the tide brings back to us.”
“It will not happen quickly, I fear.”
“Nothing in life worth doing is ever easy. But a wise man is a patient man. Our brothers have suffered for generations. A little more time will not destroy their resolve.”
Wira embraced Putra, and they parted ways, Wira to the parking area first, to be followed by Putra after he left. Putra sat gazing skyward, wondering at his leader’s vision, the sheer audacity of which took his breath away. If the embassy could be hit…it would shock the world. And they would be legends, the masterminds of the most daring strike since the World Trade Center.
But how? What did Wira have in mind? It was one thing to talk, quite another to take action.
He heard Wira’s car accelerate down the muddy dirt road, and he gathered their trash, bagged it, and headed back to his vehicle, careful to leave no trace of their presence. It was automatic to him to cover his tracks, so much so that he didn’t even consider whether it was necessary.
It was always necessary. One slip could be their last.
Wira had drilled that home countless times over their ten years together, during which time they’d seen many of their brethren in the region eradicated due to sloppiness. Wira’s group was the last of the truly committed and, as such, the most highly targeted now that the lesser lights had been extinguished.
Putra glanced at the nearby trees and spotted the initials of unknown lovers carved into the living trunk, an effort to immortalize a sentiment that always proved fleeting and illusory. He had sacrificed much to walk the road he’d been set on and felt no envy for his oblivious countrymen going about their lives without a noble purpose, little more than insects on the anthill of existence. He spat at the thought and trudged down the trail, mind racing, planning the first step of his search for an ultimate weapon that would bring his sworn enemy to its knees. It wouldn’t be easy, but Allah would guide him, he was sure.
 
Chapter 17
Tel Aviv, Israel
The trip from Ramallah to Benjamin’s final destination outside of Tel Aviv took hours, and when they finally reached the gates of a military base, Maya was dozing off. Benjamin had explained a little on the drive – she would be subjected to intensive, brutal training that over ninety percent of the candidates that started the course never completed. If she made it through, she would be one of the few to become a Mossad operative, the most elite of the elite, married to the agency that was the line of last defense against a dangerous world that wanted nothing so much as to grind the motherland to dust.
The armed guards checked Benjamin’s ID and waved him through the gate. He drove along the perimeter, away from the base to a smaller area at the far end of the field, where a collection of single-story cement bunkers ringed a larger, two-story structure.
“Where are we?” Maya asked as he coasted to a stop in front of one of the smaller buildings.
“Your new home. For now. These are the barracks. The one in front is for females. I have no idea how many or how few are currently enrolled in the course, but I have some words of advice you’ll want to take to heart: keep to yourself and don’t get close to anyone. Most of the candidates you meet won’t make it, and those that do…you don’t want to know. This isn’t a business that rewards friendship. It’s dog eat dog at all times. Even with your allies. Do you understand?”
She nodded. “I’m not interested in making friends. I’ve always been a loner,” she said, thinking about how her emotions toward Sarah had been rewarded.
“That’s good. You might just have a chance, then.”
“What happens if I wash out?”
“Why, are you planning to?”
“Less than one in ten chance doesn’t strike me as wildly optimistic.”
“Make it your life’s mission to be the one, not the other nine.”
“So you’re not going to tell me?”
“Now you’re getting the idea.”
She opened her door. Benjamin eyed her as she climbed out of the car. “Everything you need will be inside. Find an available bunk and get some sleep. You’ll go through orientation after breakfast.”
“And you?”
He gave her a dry smile devoid of cheer. “I’ve got a bomber to find.”
“Right. Let me know if you need any help. Benjamin,” she said, stressing his name, which she’d guessed by then wasn’t real.
“I’ll keep that in mind. Watch your back, and don’t give your instructors any shit. This isn’t the bush-league training you got in basic. Keep your mouth shut and your eyes open, and learn as much as you can. It could save your life.”
She threw him a salute. “Yes, sir.”
He watched as she entered the darkened interior of the barracks and shook his head silently. Her test scores had been off the charts, and if he hadn’t watched her take it in front of him, he would have suspected she’d cheated. Whether or not that would translate into usable abilities in the field was another story. He hoped for her sake it would. She was beautiful, highly intelligent, in incredible physical shape; a polyglot wonder with off-the-charts intestinal fortitude, as evidenced by her forays into the West Bank, and perhaps most important, possessed of a seething anger that was just below the surface, but evident to him. If she could learn to channel that rage into something useful…
He put the transmission into reverse and backed away, leaving Maya to her future. He would probably never see her again, and that was as it should be. His job was done, and her real testing was about to begin. He hadn’t been kidding when he’d said he had to catch the bomber. With the information she’d provided, he’d already moved a score of seasoned operatives into Ramallah, who would start scouring the city in just a few hours. That she’d not only seen the terrorist and the bomber but knew their names had been an unprecedented bit of luck, and he didn’t think it would take more than a day or two on the outside to draw a bead on them.
At least he hoped so. He had absolutely no doubt that Maya’s account was true, and if he failed, he was sure that many would die as a result.
Which was why he wouldn’t fail. He’d be back in Ramallah by first light and, after a couple of hours of sleep, would be directing his group, working behind the scenes to direct Abreeq and Ammar’s apprehension. Or more likely, termination with extreme prejudice.
But first he had an errand to attend to, which would give him no small pleasure to carry out: one Sergeant Kevod, who was about to be stripped of his rank and assigned the most degrading duty the IDF could find.
~ ~ ~
Maya started awake after only three hours of sleep, jarred from her slumber by the sounds of nearby movement. Two women Maya’s age were removing clothes from a row of lockers on one end of the long room. Neither gave Maya more than an incurious glance. Maya darted into the bathroom, braced herself against the assault of needles of cold water, and inspected her arm wound, which was healing nicely. She took a two-minute shower, dried off with a coarse towel, and then hurried to dress. When she reentered the barracks, she saw that one of the lockers had her first name on it, and when she opened it, she found a folded set of black sweats, a rudimentary hygiene kit, a change of underwear and an athletic bra, and a pair of new black running shoes in her size. She slipped into the clothes, ignoring the other women, wondering silently how her first day in the unusual circumstances would go.
At 6:10 a.m. an imposing woman with a long face, aquiline nose and close-cropped hair entered the barracks, her camouflage uniform devoid of any insignia. She eyed the two other women and snapped her fingers.
“You two. You have five minutes to get to the mess hall and eat, and then go to your assigned instructors.” She glanced at Maya. “Ah, and you must be the fresh meat. Welcome. You may call me Zivah. For your purposes, I run this place. I’ll show you where to put your laundry, where to eat, and I’ll introduce you to the instructors. As to the rest of it, you’ll figure it out.”
“Zivah, nice to meet you.”
“You may not think so by the time the day’s over. Come on. I’ll show you around and explain the rules.”
Maya followed her out of the barracks into the crisp morning air and accompanied her to the dining area, a no-frills setup with a row of cafeteria trays. Zivah and Maya scooped portions of food onto their plates and took a seat at a table in the rear of the room, away from the eight men and two women, who were devouring their breakfasts like it was a race.
“What were you told about the training?” Zivah asked.
“Only that it was going to be demanding and that most don’t finish it.”
“For good reason. Better to find out in here that you don’t have what it takes than jeopardize a mission.”
“Makes sense.”
Zivah sat back and appraised Maya. “Now for the rules. First, no fraternizing between male and female candidates. No exceptions.”
Maya nodded. “I understand.”
“This course of training usually requires six months. But you’ve been placed on an accelerated course – call it a pilot program – which will compress it into three. It means you’ll be training for twelve hours a day, seven days a week, instead of the usual eight hours with weekends off. If you can’t handle that, you can tap out at any point.”
“And then what happens?”
Zivah took another bite, chewing methodically. “I wouldn’t suggest doing so.” She swallowed and took a sip of black coffee. “You’ll have several instructors. One will be for hand-to-hand fighting, another for weapons, another for explosives, still another for general spycraft. You’ll start with hand-to-hand today and then progress to weapons, finishing the day with spycraft. Explosives training will begin in two weeks, assuming you’re still with us.” Zivah glanced at the two women on the far side of the room, eating wordlessly at their own table. “When they started last month, there were five in their group. I don’t expect any of you to make it.”
“You haven’t seen what I’m capable of.”
“Right. But I can count. Maybe you’re the exception. I hope so. We want the exceptional candidates, not the merely superior ones. We already know everyone here’s superior – your test scores demonstrate that or you wouldn’t be here. But to make the cut…let’s just say it takes something more.”
“Fair enough.”
“Every morning you’ll be expected to be up by 6:00, fed by 6:15, and ready to train until dark. You’ll get fifteen minutes for lunch, and after training, half an hour for dinner. Three hours of study time after dinner – you’ll need to absorb written material every night – and then lights out. The following day it starts all over again.”
“Is there any time allocated to working out?”
Zivah gave a gentle snort. “Perhaps you don’t understand. You’ll be exercising at least four hours a day with your hand-to-hand training. That will more than compensate for any time spent away from a stair stepper.”
“I like to do pull-ups and sit-ups. Core strength training. And run.”
“Then get up at five instead of six and do your routine. Any time here not spent asleep is committed to the course.”
Maya nodded. “Okay. I presume you know I’ve already had Krav Maga training.”
“You were shown the basics. What you’ll learn here is more akin to a master’s program.”
“Good. But I have a question.”
“Ask.”
“Where are we?”
“Why does it matter? You can’t contact anyone while you’re here.”
“No, it’s not that. I have no family. I was just wondering what base this was…”
“It’s of no concern. You will have no contact with the general population on base. This section is off-limits to all personnel except for carefully screened kitchen and cleaning staff. Make up any location you like, and that’s where you are.”
They finished their meal, and Zivah sat forward. “I understand you had a head injury?”
Maya held her hand up to the back of her skull. “I think it was a rifle butt. I got some stitches.”
Zivah’s eyes narrowed. “It’s not a great sign that someone was able to land a blow, regardless of what it was with.”
“It was dark. There was a firefight. About twenty to one. I was the one. Somebody was able to get behind me.”
“That’s quite a story. But that kind of mistake in the field gets you killed.”
“I’m here, aren’t I?”
“I read the report. Your ass was saved by the IDF. If they hadn’t shown up, you’d be roasting on a spit out in the high desert after being passed around for amusement a few hundred times.”
Maya held the woman’s icy glare. “Then it was my lucky day, wasn’t it?”
Zivah pushed back from the table. “Come on. We’ll see whether you still think so by the time the sun goes down.”
 
Chapter 18
Maya and Zivah marched across a dusty field to the edge of an abandoned obstacle course, where a tent was set up to provide shade. The heat would mount as the sun worked its way across the sky, and Maya was grateful that the most exercise-intensive portion of her instruction had been programmed for the mornings.
A small man emerged from the tent as they neared, also wearing black sweats, his sparse head of gray hair tousled but his posture ramrod straight in spite of age. Maya estimated him to be in his late fifties or early sixties, built like a fireplug. His physique radiated strength, but wiry, like a coiled spring, and his face looked like he’d lost more than his share of fights: his nose was flattened from being broken multiple times, and there were small scars on his cheeks and brow. Zivah stopped in front of him and nodded.
“Gurion, this is Maya. She got slammed in the head with a rifle a few days ago, so bear that in mind for the first sessions.”
Gurion looked Maya up and down and then slowly circled her, as if inspecting a prize horse. He grunted and eyed Zivah. “You never give me the easy jobs, do you? What did I do this time?”
“Maya’s been through the IDF basic training, so she thinks she knows everything about Krav Maga. Isn’t that right?” Zivah asked, her tone taunting.
Gurion snorted. “IDF? That’s fine if you get into a catfight in a grocery store, but it isn’t going to do you much good in the real world.”
“I also trained at a dojo for several years. I know some martial arts. I can handle myself,” Maya said, refusing to rise to the bait.
Gurion frowned. “Famous last words.” He unstrapped his watch, checked the time, and set it on a nearby collapsible camp chair. He glanced at Zivah. “All right, you can leave her to me. Come get the body in four hours, assuming there’s anything left.”
“At least try not to leave another mess for me to clean up,” Zivah said and, with a last glance at Maya, retreated back across the field to the cluster of buildings.
“Okay. Now that’s over, let’s get down to business.” Gurion held up his hands. “Take your best shot at me. I want you to lay me out. There are no rules. Anything goes–”
Before he could finish, Maya was a blur, leveling a sweep kick at his knees to knock his legs from under him. He twisted effortlessly and, with two sharp blows, dropped her flat onto her back in the dirt.
“Not bad. Of course, you’d be dead, but still, I have to admire your instinct to catch me by surprise. There’s no such thing as a fair fight, only a fight you win. Whatever it takes, whatever sleight of hand or misdirection you can conjure up, you should use.” He leaned over and held out his hand. “Get up.”
She tried to get his wrist in a lock, and he slipped aside with a grin. “Good. Never give up. It’s never over until one of you is dead. But for now, stop trying to break my arm and get on your feet so I can lay you out again.”
Maya did as instructed.
“Let’s skip the bullshit, shall we? I read your dossier this morning. You did a couple of years in Ofek before going into an orphanage, and you spent a lot of time in a nearby dojo. Did I miss anything?”
Maya shook her head. “That about covers it.”
His eyes narrowed. “My hunch is you learned a lot more about fighting in Ofek than you ever did in basic training. Am I right?”
She nodded. “Close enough.”
“What’s the worst you’ve ever hurt someone in a fight?”
“With my bare hands?”
“What do you think? No, with a car. Of course with your bare hands.”
“I’ve broken jaws and arms. Cracked ribs. A few concussions.”
He eyed her with newfound respect. “Really? And what about injuries to yourself? What’s the worst?”
“I broke my hand. Fractured two bones punching someone. I was fifteen.”
“So you learned better than to slam your fist into someone’s face.”
“It was a shoulder blade.”
“Fine. My job is to teach you to use every part of your body as a lethal weapon. To do that, you’ll need to know all the nerve meridians, so you can pick and choose the strikes you deliver. What I liked about your approach just now was your speed and that you went for my knees. Knees are particularly vulnerable and a great way to instantly incapacitate someone. The problem was that you telegraphed your intention. I watched your eyes, so I saw where you were going to deliver the kick.”
“How did you know it was going to be a kick?”
“Body language, and because you’re female – your instinct is to use your legs, because they’re much stronger than your arms. My goal is to disabuse you of that habit and teach you to do more damage with the palm of your hand or a few stiff fingers than with a steel-toed boot. That will work to your benefit in a real fight because any adversary will assume you’ll favor your legs.” He paused and looked into the distance before continuing. “I also knew you’d use the right leg, because I can see you’re right handed. You need to learn to be ambidextrous so there’s no preference. When you’re in the field, you’ll inevitably have to use the skills you’re weakest at, so you need to ensure you’re not weak at anything.”
“How do I do that?”
“You work. Constantly. When we’re done here, I’ll give you a rubber ball. You’ll spend every waking moment squeezing it in your left hand, building the muscles in that arm. I don’t even need to test your grip to know that your left is considerably weaker than your right. We’ll compensate for that by working that side harder. Same for your legs.” He stepped back and studied her frame again; she looked back at his tanned, pugnacious profile, a trace of a scar running from his jaw down his neck. “Have you ever heard of parkour?”
She shook her head. “No.”
“You will. Once we’re done with hand-to-hand, I’ll show you the basics. It’s a self-sufficiency discipline that’ll enable you to scale buildings, trees, anything, using just your body. It will also build strength. How many push-ups can you do?”
“In one go? Maybe…seventy-five?” she said. “I mainly focus on abs…”
“We’ll get you to three hundred within a few weeks.”
She looked at him doubtfully.
He returned her skepticism with a frown. “We can start now. With your first hundred. Don’t worry. I’ll do them right next to you. I can do three hundred while I’m napping. But you’re a girl, so your upper body strength won’t be the same. Which we’ll offset with other skills. But even so, I need you to be twice as strong as the average man as your starting point. Do the first thirty normally, then put your hands together like this for the next thirty,” he demonstrated, thumbs next to each other. “Spread them out wider than your shoulders for the last forty, like this.” Gurion showed her how wide.
They both lowered themselves to the ground, and Gurion counted off the push-ups as he did them with Maya, his voice evidencing no strain even as they passed the sixty, seventy, and eighty marks. By the time they made it to a hundred, Maya’s arms were burning and aching, but she wouldn’t collapse and give Gurion the pleasure of seeing her squirm. They stood, her limbs trembling from the strain, sweat beaded on her face as she breathed rapidly. Gurion looked like he’d just had a massage and bath, no evidence of any exertion visible.
“We’ll do that again tomorrow. The following week, we’ll do it twice each day. If you make it to week number three, we’ll do it three times. It develops different muscle groups than sit-ups or pull-ups, as does the rubber ball. Now, assuming you can still use your arms, I’ll show you some strikes that you never learned in basic training.” He paused, thinking. “Your dossier says you were a gymnast?”
Maya nodded. “Since I was eight. But obviously, I stopped after…when I was incarcerated.”
“That’ll come in handy for parkour. At least there’s a small ray of hope.”
By the time her four hours with Gurion were over, Maya felt like she’d been dropped off a building onto broken glass, and her top was soaked through. Rarely had every muscle in her body hurt, but this was one of those times. Gurion’s last words to her after showing her some introductory concepts of parkour were more ominous than anything else he could have said: “You’re going to be in some pain tomorrow, but don’t worry. It’ll get worse the day after.”
Zivah returned and led her back to the complex and into an underground firing range, where a tall man with a hawklike profile was assembling a pistol with dexterous fingers.
Catching his attention, Zivah introduced them. “This is Teo. He’s one of our foremost experts with weapons. You’ll spend two hours with him, break for lunch, and then another two. Teo, meet Maya. Gurion’s just used her as a punching bag for the first session.”
Teo nodded. “Let’s see how good a shot you are right now. We’ll use that as your baseline. In order for me to sign off on you, you’ve got to be nothing short of miraculous by the time we’re done. I failed the last twelve candidates. I like failing them. I look for excuses to fail them. You’re no different.” He held up a 9mm Jericho like the one she had used at the mosque. “How familiar are you with this weapon?”
“Very. I killed a few terrorists with one a couple of days ago.”
“Let’s see whether you got lucky or not. We’ll start at fifty meters.”
“What? That’s the limit of this gun’s accuracy.”
“That’s what they say. I’m here to show you how to narrow the odds at that range and farther, right out of the gate.” He peered at the gun. “How much do you know about suppressors?”
“Suppressors. Silencers, right? Um, they silence the gunshot.”
“Correct. But they don’t quiet them that much unless you use subsonic ammo. Do you know why?”
“Less blast?”
“That, and because the crack a shot makes is due to the bullet breaking the sound barrier – 350 meters per second. It creates a mini sonic boom. If you use custom subsonic loads paired with a heavy bullet, it quiets the gun down substantially. I’ll show you later.”
Maya spent the remainder of the morning firing a variety of handguns, with and without suppression. Teo scored her efforts, which he studied with a look of disgust before putting his clipboard down.
“You’re going to have to really work at this. You’re not bad, but to pass, you need to be incredible,” he warned.
“I’ll get better with practice.”
“You better hope so. That’s usually the one that gets them every time, in case you’re wondering. Handguns. Most never develop into exceptional shooters, and anything less won’t cut it. Your adversaries will always be good or very good. Survival usually comes down to being that much better.”
After a short lunch break they moved to rifles. Maya’s scores were at the upper end of the range this time. Teo kept his reaction subdued, but she could sense he was impressed. She’d always done well in basic training, so it didn’t surprise her, but it was the first time that day that she felt like she’d done anything but fail.
Zivah led her into one of the outbuildings and introduced her to her third instructor – a female with long auburn hair and an easy smile. “Maya, this is Nava. She’ll be teaching you tradecraft. Which is everything from surveillance techniques to lock-picking to evading detection.”
“I also specialize in silent killing, but let’s not get ahead of ourselves,” Nava said with the first trace of friendliness Maya had seen out of any of the staff.
Zivah took her leave, and Nava sat across from Maya, apparently at ease, with none of the overt hostility of the other instructors. Maya wasn’t sure whether that was a positive or not, her nerves by now fine-tuned to expect threats wherever she looked. Nava explained some of the basics of covert surveillance tactics, her pleasant voice a relief after Zivah’s harsh bray. By the time they had finished their four-hour stint, Maya had a working knowledge of dead drops and techniques that would enable her to follow a novice without being detected.
“The problem with professionals is they know what to look for, and even the most skilled surveillance will offer clues it’s underway,” Nava explained. “That’s why you’ll find that it’s generally a bad idea to try to use these techniques on intelligence operatives. If they’re in the field, they’ll always be ultra-paranoid and taking constant precautions. Which is your final lesson for today. Your cynicism and paranoia are your greatest survival tools. I’ll teach you how to regulate them, how to harness them so you can use them in a productive fashion. You need to modify your natural alarms so they have a hair trigger.”
“Sounds like you’re always in a low-level state of panic,” Maya said.
“Yes and no. A better way of putting it would be to say that to be successful at this, you need to remove yourself from the equation, staying alert and paying attention to the signals without letting them spook you. That requires you to be both desensitized and hypersensitive. I know that sounds paradoxical, but it isn’t in practice. You want your senses tuned, but you want to evaluate the data they’re providing you dispassionately. Clinically. That would work better if you were a sociopath, but hey, we can’t have everything.”
“So I need to learn to turn everything off, in terms of emotional triggers.”
Nava nodded. “Exactly. To become what I call a limited sociopath, in the sense that you can be calm and collected under circumstances that would have a normal person panicked. That removal of the self from the stream of incoming information enables you to make lightning evaluations without your judgment being clouded by emotion. It takes a special kind of person, which, fortunately, your evaluation shows you are. Highly analytical. The sort of thing you’d expect to see in an engineer or a physicist. You have that, Maya. We just need to teach you how to shut down the emotional part of your brain when necessary.”
“Can that really be taught? I mean, I’d think you’re either born with it or not.”
“You’re born with aptitude. We’ve developed techniques that will help you develop to your full potential. A lot of it is contextualizing events correctly. I’ll give you an example. You were involved in a gunfight recently, right?” Nava asked, knowing the answer.
Maya nodded.
“Did you kill anyone?”
“I think so. Actually, I hope so. I didn’t stand over their corpses, but I know I hit at least four or five of them. Maybe more.”
“And how does that make you feel?”
“Feel? Other than wishing I could have plugged the one who shot my friend Sarah?”
“Yes. Any nightmares? Regrets?”
“I don’t feel bad, if that’s what you’re asking.”
“Why not? You took life.”
Maya eyed her like she was crazy. “Because they’re terrorists. They’re trying to kill innocent people. They’re butchers and criminals. And they were trying to shoot me.”
“Right. So there’s the context. They were cold-blooded killers, and you were defending yourself. But let me ask this: would you have shot them if they hadn’t been trying to shoot you?”
Maya looked uncertain. “I don’t know. I think so.”
“Let me rephrase it. If you were ordered to shoot them because they were conspiring to kill innocent people, would you have a problem doing it?”
Maya shook her head. “Absolutely none at all.”
“Even if they were unarmed?”
“Sure. They’re murderous scum.”
“Right. So now a tougher one. What if you were ordered to kill someone but you weren’t told why?”
“By the Mossad? I’d assume they needed killing.”
“You’re sure?”
“Shouldn’t I be? I don’t have any moral ambiguity. If the Mossad has a reason to execute someone, that’s good enough for me. We’re the good guys.”
Nava was silent for a moment. “Yes, we are. But sometimes situations get complicated. Most often we don’t know why we’re being ordered to do something. An effective operative doesn’t second-guess the command structure. An operative has to perform, without question, and have no remorse. Not everyone can do that.”
Maya looked squarely at Nava, her gaze unflinching. “Not everyone’s going to ace this program, either. But I am.”
Nava cleared her throat and stood as Zivah entered to escort Maya to dinner. She handed Maya a thick binder to study and smiled, to Maya’s eye, with just a hint of sadness.
“I believe you.”
 
Chapter 19
Pulau Numbing, Indonesia
Nahir al Farooq reclined on the divan in his villa’s great room, the polished Italian marble underfoot rivaling the flooring of a French summer palace. The air in the massive home was cool and temperature controlled; the air-conditioning removed the undesirable cloying humidity of the monsoon season. Nahir had hired an engineering team from Switzerland to design his island compound’s power plant: a combination of wind, solar, thermal, and diesel powered generators that ensured he never had to suffer even a moment of discomfort. Even after seven years living on the island, he felt the money had been well spent.
Nahir called out to the kitchen as he read a report on his tablet.
“More coffee. And be quick about it.”
His voice was surprisingly deep, a rich baritone that was out of place given the speaker: a short, well-fed man with an expensive tan and shrewd brown eyes. He shifted as he waited for the steward to bring him a refill, his Robert Jordan shirt and Armani slacks a sharp contrast to the more relaxed white linen attire of his staff, as were his navy blue hand-made Italian calfskin moccasins. A heavy gold chain featuring an ancient Roman coin pendant adorned his neck, and his wrist boasted a gleaming platinum Rolex President with a black pearlescent dial.
“Nahir, are you down here?” a female voice called out from the artfully curved staircase that led to the upstairs suites.
Nahir sighed and nodded. “Yes, my dear. What can I do for you?”
A stunning young brunette he’d flown in from Madrid, along with three of her frisky friends, descended the stairs, each high-heeled foot carefully placed, her white silk kimono barely concealing her deeply tanned charms. Freshly twenty, Bella was his guest for three weeks of debauchery – or until he tired of her, whichever came first. She approached, preceded by the delightful scent of coconut, youth, and sun-kissed skin, a petulant moue on her flawless face.
“Have you seen Samson?” she asked, obviously concerned. Samson was her Yorkshire terrier, more a fashion item as far as Nahir could tell than a companion. She stood in front of him, legs slightly apart, her million-dollar thighs an invitation that was well worth the five thousand a day he was paying for the pleasure of her company.
“Samson? No. Can’t say as I have. Why?” Nahir asked, his tone appropriately concerned.
“I haven’t seen him this morning.”
“Well, he is a dog. He’s probably exploring the grounds.”
The steward appeared with the coffee, taking care not to spill as he poured the rich dark roast into his master’s cup.
Nahir’s nose twitched at the aroma. “Do you want to join me? It’s delicious.”
She shook her head. “No, thank you. I’m going to look around for Samson. He’s just a little boy. He has no concept of danger.”
“Ah, to be young again,” Nahir said with a chuckle.
He watched Bella glide back to the stairs, her buttocks moving like precision-machined pistons, and took a sip of his coffee. Nahir had created a tolerable existence for himself here in the armpit of the world since being effectively exiled by his family from their oil-rich kingdom in the Middle East. He’d always been somewhat of a black sheep, but when he’d been connected with a series of public embarrassments during his university years in London, he’d been deemed too controversial to come back home. Since then he’d floated around from country to country for a few years before settling into his preferred trade: arms dealer for despots and similar undesirables.
He’d ultimately settled on a remote island at the ass end of Indonesia as his home base because it was defendable, virtually unknown outside of the region, and he was essentially a law unto himself. When Nahir had been blackballed by his parents, he’d been cut off with next to nothing, a measly five million dollars. After squandering half on his aberrational appetites, however, he’d knuckled down and gotten serious about building a fortune – family be damned.
He’d initially made lucrative buys in the Golden Triangle and participated in opening up Eastern Europe’s fledgling heroin routes. But when that had soured due to the flood of product following the Americans’ liberation of Afghanistan, when heroin production there had gone from zero under the Taliban to more than the entire global demand for the opiate within a couple of years under U.S. occupation, all of the love had gone out of the trade, and he’d had to find another way of making outsized gains.
By then he’d become rich in his own right, but largely in cash, gemstones, and gold, none of which were easily laundered. While looking for a solution to his problem, he’d stumbled across a group out of Iraq that had been looking to sell some of the country’s older arsenal to a guerilla unit in sub-Saharan Africa, but was hamstrung by United Nations sanctions and watchdog organizations, as well as neighboring African governments that accused the guerillas of systematic genocide.
Nahir had assumed the role of consummate middleman and facilitated the transaction, which had begun his new career – one that was infinitely more profitable than the opium trade and better suited to his character. As a merchant of death, he was welcomed into the halls of power whenever a government wanted to do something its population might judge harshly, and over the years his wealth and reputation grew. He’d purchased most of Pulau Numbing a decade earlier and had set about creating his own private paradise, managing the construction from his penthouse in Singapore, flying in weekly to monitor progress.
His head of security entered from the rear veranda and approached timidly, the mahogany skin of his face glistening with perspiration.
“Yes, Gohar, what is it?”
Gohar glanced around and, seeing they were alone, spoke softly, his eyes continuing to rove – an occupational hazard. “We’ve completed the testing, and the product appears to be exactly as described, sir.”
“Excellent. I’ll be along in a moment. Wait for me outside.”
“Of course, sir.” Gohar spun on his heel and made for the pocket doors as Nahir continued to sip his coffee.
The buy had been a speculative one for him, something he rarely did; he normally preferred not to stockpile inventory of anything but staples, instead intermediating transactions between buyers and sellers on more controversial wares. But this had been a special circumstance – North Korea had needed a quick injection of liquidity to meet one of its payments for a particularly anxious creditor, and ten million dollars’ worth of Nahir’s cash had solved its immediate problem. In return, Nahir had taken delivery of three crates of chemical weapons, all told six canisters of a purported nerve agent that would kill within minutes of exposure.
He’d arranged to have it tested before putting it out to the market, and that morning the experiment had been conducted at one of his remote buildings that had been specially prepared for the event. But if he’d learned one thing in his career, it was to never leave anything to chance, and he wanted to verify the results with his own eyes before making representations to potential buyers.
Nahir finished his coffee and stood. The steward came at a trot. “Is there anything else I can get for you, sir?”
Nahir shook his head. “No, thank you. If any of the girls come looking for me, I’ve gone for a nature walk. Keep them busy with champagne. I should be back shortly. I’ll want a snack of fresh fruit and mimosas by the pool in an hour.”
“It shall be done.”
Gohar joined Nahir when he ambled onto the deck and took a deep breath, savoring the breeze off the water that carried with it the aroma of tropical foliage. He’d created his own little Eden, where his every wish was instantly fulfilled. He was a lucky man and had come a long way, doing things on his own terms.
They walked together to the rear gate of the walled complex, where a golf cart waited in the sleepy shade of a banyan tree. After a five-minute run down a white sand trail, they emerged near a Quonset hut ringed with rusting barbed-wire fencing. Two Malaysian men in white pants and short-sleeved shirts sat by the entrance, each with an assault rifle resting across his lap. They leapt to their feet when they saw Nahir, who ignored them as he approached the building.
“We have touched nothing since discharging one of the canisters,” Gohar said. “As you instructed.”
“Excellent.” Nahir entered the building, which, contrary to its corroding exterior, was antiseptically clean inside, all white enamel surfaces and chrome and glass. An Asian man wearing a white lab coat and wire-rimmed glasses stood near a window, and he looked up at Nahir’s arrival.
“It is as expected,” the Asian said in a rare display of chattiness.
“Nice to see you as well, Dr. Chan,” Nahir said as he moved to the window and peered into a large chamber. On the ground two small dogs lay unmoving: white froth coated the floor near their heads as well as their muzzles, drying blood caking the Yorkie’s eyes, the Chihuahua’s face frozen in a death rictus, its limbs twisted unnaturally. “Well, it looks like little Sammy’s had his last day in the sun.”
Gohar offered a trace of a smile. “It is a shame when a beloved pet runs off.”
“Be sure to expend every effort to find him for the young lady,” Nahir replied, amusement in his eyes. “Very well, Dr. Chan. In your opinion, this is the genuine article?”
The Asian nodded once. “Yes.”
“How long before you can open the chamber and clear them out?”
“Two hours, to be safe. The agent is neutralized within an hour of contact with the atmosphere, but I want to allow three for additional security.”
“It’s a pity we had to use an entire canister.”
Dr. Chan shrugged. “Once the seal is broken, the canister is compromised.”
“I understand.” Nahir took a final look at the dead animals and pushed past Gohar. “Let’s return to the house.”
As the cart bounced back down the trail, Nahir considered how best to market his deadly new acquisition. He had five more canisters left. He would price each at eight million dollars, but accept less from a qualified purchaser. According to the Koreans and Dr. Chan, a canister held a payload sufficient to kill everything within a five-hundred-meter interior area, assuming an effective dispersal mechanism. And it had a ten-year shelf life, so he had time to find the right buyers.
It troubled him not one iota that whoever purchased the goods would use them to kill innocents. As long as the canisters couldn’t be traced back to him, it was none of his concern. Just like the bankers who’d funded both sides in each of the world wars, the actions of others were not his problem – they were an opportunity. And he would require payment to his diamond and gold broker, so there would be no record of a bank transfer to him anyone could follow; standard procedure when contemplating the sale of weapons of mass destruction to the highest bidder.
It would take a while for prospects to materialize – after all, this was a specialized product for an unusual type of customer. But he had the contacts to reach the right corners of the globe, and he had no doubt willing buyers would eventually appear. When they did, he would have made another small fortune, ensuring the continuation of his lavish lifestyle while somewhere Hell’s gates opened and toxic death spewed forth.
All in a day’s work.
 
Chapter 20
Southeast of Tel Aviv, Israel
Six weeks had gone by, and Maya had acclimated to the grueling training schedule. After a rough first ten days, her upper body strength had increased substantially, and she could manage her three hundred pushups, if not with ease, at least without killing herself. The muscle soreness had abated with time, and she developed a centeredness and poise that surprised her as much as it appeared to please Gurion, who otherwise alternated between cynicism and grumpiness, even when at week two he’d announced almost in passing that a bombing plot in Ramallah had been stymied when the bomb maker’s factory had been raided.
Today they were working on her parkour skills, and she was standing beneath a shade tree near three abandoned buildings in a distant corner of the base.
“Again,” he called out.
Maya bolted to one of the nearby structures, bounded up the side a meter and a half, and pushed off a windowsill with one foot. Using the momentum to launch higher, she grabbed the rim of the roof and pulled herself over. She rolled to her feet, ran across the flat concrete, and scaled the second-story wall. Once on top of the building she moved to the far side and dove off headfirst, landing on the first-story roof, tucking and rolling to absorb the shock, and repeated the dismount with another roll on the dusty ground before springing to a standing position, chest rising and falling with the effort.
Gurion grunted, the only praise she would hear, she knew, and cleared his throat.
“Take a few minutes, and then I want you to spar for half an hour with Angie.” Angie was a guest instructor who had arrived the prior day, in her thirties and solid muscle from what Maya had seen from afar.
Maya winced and nodded. Gurion had pitted her against her fellow female trainees, and when it had been obvious that she was more skilled, switched to male conscripts, whom she’d also bested in most contests.
Angie made her way across the field after Gurion blew his whistle and waved, and when she arrived, offered Maya her hand. “Gurion tells me you’re a real badass.”
Maya shook it. “I wouldn’t say that.”
“That’s the word. Well, let’s see what you’ve got. Bring it.”
They donned padded gloves and helmets and then circled each other, bouncing on the balls of their feet, feinting and waiting for an opening or indication of the other’s move. Maya had been working with Gurion on masking her intentions and displaying no outward reactions, and she was now light years ahead of what she’d once thought of as being a good fighter. Angie had obviously been to the same school, and to Maya it was like having a mirror image as an adversary.
When the first salvo came from Angie, it was stunning in both its ferocity and speed, but Maya was able to counter the blows and land several of her own.
Gurion nodded. “Stop playing with her, Angie.”
“I want to see how well you’ve done your job, old man.”
“Don’t make me put on the gloves and take you down, you upstart.”
Maya’s assault was fluid, unexpected, and seemed to happen at the speed of light. The next thing Angie knew, she was on the ground. She looked up at Maya, whose face radiated tranquility as she stood over her, her foot poised a millimeter above Angie’s throat, where in an actual fight she would have crushed her windpipe, and smiled.
“Nice. I never saw it coming. Great feint.”
Maya moved her foot and helped Angie up. “Thanks.”
Angie looked to Gurion. “She’s ready.”
Gurion turned to Maya. “Don’t let it go to your head, but that’s the highest compliment you could get. Tomorrow we’ll start in on maemai – the major techniques of Muay Thai, which is different than the karate you learned in your misspent youth. Angie is an accomplished instructor in the discipline, and since she’s going to be here for a couple of weeks, we might as well take advantage of her skills. Now, let’s finish up our time with some more sparring. I want to see whether that was just luck or whether you’ve actually been paying attention out here.”
By the time Gurion’s four-hour instruction block was up, both Angie and Maya had given as good as they’d received, and Angie was advising Maya on minor stylistic elements she could improve. Muay Thai’s primary approach was being able to tolerate and dish out pain, and both women were obviously spent when the training session drew to a close.
Angie stripped off her gloves and removed her head gear as she sat beside Maya. She studied her hand, where one of the knuckles was swelling, and touched her lip where it had split. “You’re still favoring your right side when it comes to delivering the coup de grâce. You need to change that up and do nothing but focus on developing your left more. Other than that, very nicely done. You’re a natural.”
“I appreciate it. All I hear from him is that he’s never seen anyone as talentless or difficult to train,” Maya said, glancing at where Gurion was standing out of earshot.
“Don’t let that faze you. He was the same when he trained me. It’s his style. Nothing personal.”
“He was your instructor?”
Angie nodded. “He’s been at this for a while. And what he taught me saved my life more than once. He’s the best.” Angie spat pink saliva and felt her upper lip. “But there comes a time when you have to take over, and that’s when you either move to the next level or crash and burn. We’ll show you everything we know, but the truth is you can never learn it all, and this is a lifelong endeavor. It’s like any other kind of training – you have to maintain the discipline with blood and sweat or you lose it. Never forget that. Laziness has killed more operatives than bullets.”
Maya’s firearms practice was now down two hours to make room for two hours of explosives course. She spent her time with Teo honing her sniper skills on a variety of rifles while he explained the nuances of ballistics.
“With that .50 caliber Barrett, for every meter of distance, you have to adjust the scope to compensate for the drop. At 1000 meters, you’re actually aiming about seven meters above the target. Which is further complicated by wind drift, humidity, altitude, temperature, and barometric pressure. That’s why snipers use handheld computers and laser range finders to do the calculations. You’ll probably never have to make a shot anything like 1000 meters, but you need to understand all this nonetheless.”
She knew all this from her homework reading, but merely nodded assent.
“The bullet will also slow as a function of traveling through the atmosphere. It’s somewhat counterintuitive, but the higher the humidity, the less loss of momentum. In conditions like this – mostly dry, with a relatively high temperature – you can expect the bullet to have lost around a third of its velocity by the time it hits the target. That translates into less energy at impact, as well as greater drop over the distance, which you’ll be adjusting for.”
Maya nodded again.
Teo continued. “Smaller rounds will drop even more, which is why the accuracy of something like a 30-06 trails off after four hundred meters. By the time you’re up to 1000 meters, the bullet’s dropped by around ten meters under the best of circumstances, so you’re really aiming three stories above the target.”
“And your velocity will have lost over sixty percent,” Maya said. “I actually read what you give me, you know.”
“All right, smartass, let’s see if you’ve learned to hit the side of a barn, shall we?”
After ten rounds at four hundred meters, Maya’s score was considerably better than the same grouping had been two weeks earlier, which was already surprisingly tight, and Teo acceded that she’d indeed been applying herself.
“But before you get too cocky, sharpshooting is a skill that takes constant practice,” he warned. “Even once you’re out of here, you need to stay on top of it throughout your lifetime.”
“I’m detecting a theme in all the training,” she said dryly.
“If you take my counsel to heart, that lifetime will be a hell of a lot longer than if you don’t,” Teo cautioned.
“Point taken.”
Her explosives instructor was named Ross, a paunchy man with thick glasses, a bald pate, and a perpetual frown, who didn’t talk much beyond his explanation of the intricacies of the devices he’d shown her how to construct and defuse. The prior week had been spent learning about how to make bombs from items under the average sink, and Maya had been fascinated at how many lethal combinations could be crafted from apparently benign ingredients.
Today he was showing her how to make thermite, should she ever have the need. He demonstrated the amount of powdered aluminum to mix with iron oxide, and once he’d created a sufficient quantity, he scooped it up and poured it onto a thick steel square he’d set on the dirt.
“I’d recommend using a magnesium strip to ignite it if at all possible, but in a pinch, a common sparkler will do. But it’s dangerous to do it that way, because the material can be triggered by the sparks it throws off before the sparkler burns down to the contact point with the thermite.” He eyed the small pile. “You can also use potassium permanganate and glycerol for a more controlled ignition, of course.”
“Of course.”
“Stand back another few meters,” Ross said, and once she had, he adjusted his safety goggles and lit the magnesium ribbon. He hurried away and stood by Maya’s side.
Five seconds later the thermite ignited in a blinding flash, and Maya had to squint to keep watching it. When it was done reacting, they approached the plate, which now had an eight-inch-diameter hole burned through it. Beneath it, molten steel glowed in the dirt.
“It’s one way to get into anything protected by a heavy steel door, assuming you don’t have a plasma torch handy.”
“Interesting.”
“I think so. It’s also one of the giveaways that thermite charges were used to bring down a building – you’d expect to see residual molten steel in the rubble. There’s only one thing that will cause that.”
When the explosives tutorial was over, Nava met Maya in the bunker she referred to as her spy lair with a warm smile.
“I’m going to show you about fifty ways to alter your appearance with simple tricks you can pull off anywhere. Things like sunglasses, reversible jackets, wearing multiple layers of colored T-shirts, baseball caps, hair ties and clips, wigs, dye, the whole works. Also, easy and fast things like cotton wadded in your cheeks can dramatically alter the shape of your face, as can thickening your eyebrows with pencil and using different color foundations, or shadowing below your eyes to create the illusion of discoloration that comes with age or illness.”
“Cotton?”
“Sure. If you were a man, I could also show you how facial hair can completely alter your appearance – people tend to remember a beard rather than a face when asked to recall something distinguishing. In fact, we’ll cover how to put on a mustache or goatee, should you ever need to pass as a man – although with your figure, you might have a hard time of it,” Nava said, nodding at Maya’s breasts.
“Still. You never know.”
“Exactly.”
Maya spent two hours absorbing Nava’s rapid-fire dissertation on disguises, taking mental notes and dreading the mountain of reading she knew would accompany the lesson. When Nava finished her monologue, she sat back and blinked several times. “Of course, there’s more, but that should do it for the topic for today. We’ll come back and apply some of the lesson tomorrow. Now I want to discuss how to disable or kill using anything at your disposal – a pen or pencil, a credit card, a newspaper, scissors. I’ll also show you how to make a weapon out of countless items you can get your hands on once you’re through security at any airport. And I’m not talking box cutters. I’m talking full-blown lethal weapons.”
“Wait. On the other side of security?”
“Exactly. Crossbows. Fragmentation grenades. Incendiary devices.”
“A crossbow?”
“Very accurate, too. Using an umbrella you can get at any gift shop, condoms, a key ring, and a few other odds and ends.”
“This I have to see.”
Fifteen minutes later Maya and Nava had made a functioning crossbow that could easily drive a sharpened shaft through a human throat or into a heart. Nava fired it at a melon, and they measured the penetration.
“It’s only got an effective range of three to five meters, but you can see how if you get yourself into a situation where you need a weapon but don’t have a gun or a knife, you could improvise something fairly quickly. A grenade only takes a little over five minutes, using super glue, a metal coffee mug, some batteries, a small can of aerosol spray, and a glass bead necklace. The beads are to add projectiles to the mix. All of which can also be bought in the gift shop.”
Nava assembled one while Maya watched and then tossed it out the window, where it detonated on a barren patch of dirt five seconds later.
“Now let’s look at how to sever a target’s carotid artery with a credit card, shall we?”
When their four-hour session was up, Maya had a new appreciation of just how deadly the universe was in skilled hands. As she returned to the barracks, laden with reading material, she resolved to become an expert like Nava, so no matter what the situation she would be lethal.
She pushed through the door and saw that one of the remaining women’s cots was folded away, leaving only the two of them.
Maya hesitated at her locker and then shook her head. It didn’t really matter to her what happened to those who didn’t make it through the course, and she wouldn’t let her imagination distract her.
Because she intended to do whatever it took to finish it successfully.
For the first time in her life, she’d discovered what she was good at, and she had no intention of allowing anything to come between her and her goal. Whatever the effort, whatever the personal cost, she would become a master of the covert dark arts she was being taught: a devastatingly effective angel of death.
 
Chapter 21
Teluk Ciasem Bay, Indonesia
Putra and Wira walked together along a stone path that meandered along the shore, watching groups of children dressed in little more than rags on the rocks, laughing and cavorting as the gentle surf splashed them, the sun caressing their soaking forms. The turquoise water stretched to the horizon, where a line of thunderheads brooded in the distance, occasional veins of lightning branching through the advancing gale with vivid white flashes.
“Tell me again. How much? I want to make sure I’m not imagining things.”
“Eight million U.S.”
“For one canister? That is insane,” Wira spat.
“The intermediary indicated that there might be some flexibility in the price, depending on our timing.”
“Still, even if we finish out at five, it is a king’s ransom.”
“I don’t disagree. Perhaps we should be thinking smaller scale. I am still trying to track down some Russian C-4 that is supposedly going to be smuggled through the Ukraine, but it is proving to be elusive.”
“C-4 will not do what I have in mind. Nothing on more conventional material? Sarin? Mustard gas out of Iran?”
“The world is a different place, unfortunately. Many of the traditional channels have dried up over the last few years. Nobody wants to invite the wrath of the Americans, who have a hair trigger after the New York attack.”
“Cowards.”
“No question. But it has made everything more difficult.” Putra hesitated. “Perhaps we should postpone our plans until the international situation has relaxed?”
“And lose any momentum we have built? Absolutely not.” Wira stared off at the nearing clouds as if hearing a siren call before he abruptly turned and retraced his footsteps. A brown puppy ran on wobbly legs to a young couple standing with their arms intertwined as a passerby took their picture. The little dog, no more than eight weeks old, barked joyfully at the sight of its masters, the embodiment of loyalty and love.
Putra nodded. “Then how would you like to proceed?”
“Begin negotiating. I need to understand exactly how much we need to raise. But if it is in that five million range, I don’t have to tell you it won’t happen overnight. We will need to have our fundraising brothers in the States begin passing the hat. The Saudis made clear they will not be participating when I spoke to their representative last week. Bigger fish to fry is what he said. As if there are any bigger fish than the one we are targeting.” Wira stopped and turned to Putra. “We will need assurances that we are not wasting our time with someone who cannot perform. Do we know anything about the seller?”
“He comes with the very best of references.”
“Good.” Wira resumed walking as the sky darkened with the first of the high overcast that was the precursor of the approaching storm. They had parked in a dirt lot with dozens of vehicles, their cars anonymous among the rest. Wira routinely changed vehicles, never keeping one more than a few weeks; his acolytes were more than willing to steal new ones and change the plates as part of their tribute to the guerilla hero. When they reached his car, his eyes swept the lot before coming to rest on Putra’s face. “Whatever you need. Make it so. I shall inform our funding sources of our requirements. It is a large sum, but one that is possible if we have time.”
“I shall put the wheels in motion.”
“Where is the material? Did you discover its whereabouts?”
“No, but at that price delivery should not be a problem.” Putra frowned. “Although the contact did imply that it was in this region, but he could well be telling us what he thinks we want to hear.”
“And he was clear on the level of casualties we are after?”
“Oh, yes. His description of the amount of space it would affect was almost triple what we require.”
“What about the delivery system. How will we deploy it?”
“We have a man already working for the maintenance company that handles the building. By the time we are ready, he will have been there for months, so he will be above suspicion. Although based on the handling requirements, it is unlikely that he will make it out alive.”
Wira shrugged. “Every jihad has its martyrs. They will be welcomed into Paradise as heroes, even if unwitting ones.”
 
Chapter 22
Tel Aviv, Israel
Another week drew to a close, and when Maya finished her training interval with Nava and was packing her bag with the night’s homework, Nava surprised her with an unexpected display of friendliness.
“You’ve been cooped up on base for two months, right? Tell you what. I’ll come by and pick you up at nine, and we can go out for a couple of hours and have some snacks and a drink.”
“Is that allowed?”
“I’m a senior instructor. Of course it’s allowed, or I wouldn’t have proposed it. Don’t worry. You’ll be with me. You’re doing brilliantly with the training, and you deserve a break. I’ll clear it with the powers that be.” She paused. “Do you have any civilian clothes?”
Maya shook her head. “No. I only have my sweats and a uniform.”
“Hmm. Well, you look about the same size as me. I’ll bring a blouse and a pair of pants.”
“I…thank you.”
“My pleasure. I get stir-crazy here after a while, too. It’ll feel good to let down my hair, you know?”
Maya walked across the field to the barracks as the sun’s final rays faded to twilight, the air still, as if the world was in a state of suspended animation while the day conceded its hold to night. Her lone roommate had disappeared the day before, and her cot had been removed, leaving Maya the sole inhabitant – disconcerting, but also validation that she was making the grade.
Dinner was a typically quiet affair. She read about the latest advances in surveillance countermeasures, absorbing the dense data like a sponge, the highly technical description of encryption protocols and server Achilles’ heels no challenge for her. She’d always been interested in anything related to computers and had an innate ability to digest concepts that would have made a layman’s head swim. If she weren’t training to be a super spy, her plan when she got out of the IDF had been to enroll in the local university and get a degree in computer science so she could work on architecting software, having devoured tomes on programming during long nights in the orphanage, along with anything relating to languages.
Those two fixations had been her escape from reality when she’d been released into the world at eighteen. While her peers had been developing their interest in boys and fashion, she’d been concentrating on working out, broadening her linguistic horizons, and learning everything she could about computers, her happiest moment every two weeks being when the library would get her requested books.
At 9:00, a Fiat pulled to a stop outside the barracks, and Nava got out, a small plastic grocery bag in one hand. Maya greeted her at the door, noting how different she looked in a long-sleeved top and ivory pants.
“Oh, my God. Are you wearing makeup?” Maya asked.
“I am a master of disguise, remember?” She tossed the bag of clothes to Maya. “Hurry up and get dressed. We’ve only got a few hours, and there’s no point in wasting any of it.”
Maya slipped into the civilian clothes and adjusted her blouse, then pulled on her running shoes. She stood and did a pirouette, arms extended.
“Well? What do you think?”
“I think I wish I filled out that outfit like you do.”
Nava drove into Tel Aviv, and Maya realized just how far out of town their mystery base was. Twenty-five minutes later, Nava shut off the engine outside a baby blue building with a neon sign above the entrance that featured a prancing pony. The parking lot was three-quarters full, the vehicles mostly economy cars and older SUVs.
“What is this place?” Maya asked, eyeing the surroundings.
“It’s just a low-key bar that has live music Thursdays and Fridays. Nothing trendy, just cold beer and a mediocre band.”
When they pushed through the door, amplified acoustic guitars welcomed them. A trio of scruffy young men in their mid-twenties on a postage-stamp stage were doing their best imitation of MTV unplugged. Their harmonies were surprisingly good, and Maya decided she liked the place, even if it was more crowded than she would have preferred. Nava spotted an opening at the long bar and took Maya’s hand, leading her to the gap with the authority of a mother hen. They sat on the hardwood stools and studied a blackboard with the names of two dozen beers handwritten on it, and Nava signaled to the bartender, a voluptuous twenty-something brunette wearing a Harley T-shirt and jeans that could have been airbrushed on.
“What do you want, Maya?” Nava asked.
“What are you having?”
“Probably just a Goldstar.”
Maya nodded. “That’s fine. I’m not a big drinker.”
The woman took their order and brought them two frosty bottles. Nava slid some shekels across the bar top, and the young woman disappeared with the money, off to attend to other patrons. Nava held her beer up in a toast.
“Congratulations on making it this far. The others didn’t. You’re now in rarefied air, young lady.”
Maya clinked the neck of her bottle against Nava’s and smiled. “I’m looking forward to the rest. I’m enjoying myself. I like to learn, and a lot of it is really fascinating.”
“Which is why you’re doing so well. Most would view it as an ordeal.”
Maya took a pull on her drink and set it down. “Not me. I look forward to every new lesson.”
Nava glanced around. “Well, enjoy your night out. Tomorrow’s a return to reality.”
“I really appreciate your inviting me. It’s a nice break.”
They listened to the music, nursing their beers as the rowdy crowd swelled with new arrivals. A tall, muscular man with a crew cut slid in next to Maya and tried chatting her up, but she was having none of it, and after a few minutes his tone got annoyed.
“What, you think you’re too good to talk to the likes of me?” he demanded, his friendly demeanor taking an ominous tone, the alcohol on his breath slightly sour.
“No. I’m not looking for company or a new friend. Don’t take it personally,” Maya said, keeping her words soft, trying to extricate herself.
“Yeah, I should have known you were here with your girlfriend. I guess I don’t need to ask who’s on top.”
Maya returned her attention to Nava, who was talking to a woman ordering a drink next to her. The man grabbed Maya’s arm and squeezed. “I’m talking to you. It’s rude to ignore someone who’s talking to you.”
Maya inclined her head toward the man. “If you don’t let go of me, I’m going to break every bone in your hand,” she said and smiled for the first time, her green eyes flashing in the subdued light.
The thug increased his grip. Nava sensed that something was wrong and was turning toward the man when Maya pushed back from the bar and shook off his hand. Her stool crashed backward onto the floor, and the band stopped playing.
“I told you. Take your hands off me. That was your one warning,” Maya said. Another man wearing a black leather jacket approached them and set his beer on the bar before grabbing the one hassling Maya.
“Come on, man. We can’t afford any trouble. She’s not worth it,” he warned.
Maya’s assailant eyed the door, where two bouncers were making their way through the throng. “You’re right. Who needs these stuck-up bitches, anyway? I was just being friendly. Screw ’em.”
The man’s friend guided him toward the exit. They were met halfway by the bouncers, who escorted them the remainder of the way. A young man with longish hair and three days’ growth of beard picked up the stool and placed it next to Maya, who thanked him before taking her seat. The band resumed its strumming, and the buzz of tension in the air quickly melted away. Maya took another drink of her beer and realized that her heart rate had remained completely normal during the conflict.
“What was that all about?” Nava whispered.
“A guy who’d had too much to drink and couldn’t take no for an answer.”
An hour later and two more beers consumed, Nava yawned and glanced at her watch. “You about ready? Tomorrow will be here at six in the morning, as always.”
“Yeah. I’m good.”
“I’m going to the bathroom. See you outside?”
“Sure.” The bar was now full, voices shouting to be heard over the music, the gathering young and filled with possibility as the night really kicked into gear. Maya considered the sea of faces as she eased through the packed bodies. She felt no kinship with these innocents, who were comfortably oblivious to the world, their focus tonight on finding someone to pair off with, and if not, to numb themselves with enough alcohol to blunt the sting of failure. They were nothing more than children in adult bodies, their challenges trivial compared to what she faced every day, the world a safe playground designed for their amusement, not the deadly swamp she knew it to be.
In the parking lot the night air was cool as she exited into the dark. The bar had been a welcome diversion from her usual routine, and she was grateful to Nava for taking her off the base.
A meaty hand reached from behind and clapped hard over Maya’s mouth, preventing her from screaming as the other held a knife against her chest. Out of the corner of her eye she saw the friend of the thug from the bar leering at her from a few feet away, a tire iron swinging menacingly as he smirked from the shadows.
“Give me any trouble and I’ll cut your throat,” her assailant hissed, his breath in her ear hot and pungent.
“Get her in the car. Hurry,” the tire iron wielder said, and the thug’s grip on her tightened as he manhandled her to a nearby van.
Maya slammed her head backward, crushing his nose. His hold on her weakened for a critical instant, and she pivoted and drove her elbow into his jaw, causing it to snap shut with an audible pop. She followed through with a knee to the groin, putting all her power into the blow, but the man didn’t go down. Instead, he rabbit-punched her in the ribs and parried with the switchblade, but she was already in motion, fighting through the pain as she delivered a brutal kick to his abdomen.
The wind went out of him with an oof. She barely dodged the swinging tire iron as the second man rushed her. The rough surface grazed her shoulder as she blocked the blow and brought her elbow down on his arm and then followed through with a stiff-fingered jab to the nerve meridian in the hollow of his neck. The metal rod clanged against the asphalt as he dropped it and tumbled forward, the strike having had its intended effect, short-circuiting his responses as effectively as switching off a light.
Maya returned her attention to the man with the knife, and she was preparing to deliver a kick that would shatter his wrist when a familiar voice called from the van.
“Maya. Enough. Stop, now.”
She peered into the darkened interior. Gurion sat inside, a wan smile on his wrinkled face. He held up his hands and clapped them together softly in muffled applause. Nava came running from the bar entrance and stopped at her side. Maya stared at the two men moaning on the ground, and then eyed Gurion.
“I should have known. This was all a setup,” she said.
Nava nodded. “I’m sorry, but yes, it was. It’s one thing to spar under controlled conditions, another to have to perform after a few drinks in a real-world situation.”
“Needless to say, you did well,” Gurion said. “Now get out of here. I’ll help these boys up. Although it looks like at least one of them is going to need medical attention.”
“He’s lucky I didn’t kill him. I opted for nonlethal force, obviously.”
Gurion grunted. “Obviously. Now move. We don’t want to draw attention to ourselves, do we?”
Nava led Maya to the car in silence, and once they were underway, she turned to Maya and considered her profile.
“That was impressive. I think you might have a talent for this line of work.” Nava paused. “But don’t get cocky. Never get cocky. There’s always someone who’s better than you. Just remember that, if you remember anything, and your odds of survival will increase exponentially. Never assume your adversary isn’t at least as good as you are, and respect the time he’s invested in training much like yours. If you make it into the field, which it looks like you will, keep that in mind. There’s always someone better.”
Maya nodded silently, her hand and ribs aching. She would take Nava’s advice to heart, though, along with another tidbit that perhaps wasn’t the intended one, but was vivid nonetheless: suspect everyone. Nothing could be taken at face value, and becoming complacent, if even for an instant, was a mistake.
The tires hummed on the asphalt as the car ate up the road, the flash of occasional oncoming headlights brightening Maya’s face before the interior darkened again. Even in a world where she’d had to be self-sufficient from childhood, she’d never felt more alone. Nobody could be trusted, and she would always assume an ulterior motive in the actions of others.
Because in the end, everyone was self-serving, and it was her job to figure out what their angle was before they could slip a blade between her ribs.
Same as it had always been.
 
Chapter 23
Maya packed her rucksack with the clothes she’d purchased on a shopping outing with Nava the prior day. Her three months of training had drawn to an end, and she’d passed with flying colors – as had only two of the original seventeen men who’d started the course. There had been no graduation ceremony, no party, just a few quiet words from Nava and Gurion, congratulating her and wishing her well, and then a photo shoot – numerous head shots that could be used to create identification documents, as well as full body shots in a variety of outfits, including several in skimpy dresses and high heels.
“It’s all routine. We need as many different looks as possible. Everything from virgin to streetwalker,” Nava had assured her.
After the session, a middle-aged man with leonine hair and deep worry lines etched into his weathered face had entered and introduced himself as Lev, her new superior officer, and informed Maya that she would be receiving details of her first mission as a Mossad operative within forty-eight hours. In the meantime, a small apartment had been leased for her in a middle-class neighborhood in Tel Aviv, which she could use as her own while in town – presumably between assignments. He’d given her a new identification and cover story: a student and part-time administrative assistant named Hadara Meyer. Maya was no more – her existence had been expunged from the records, her fingerprints deleted from the databases, any photographs purged. She was a ghost, existing in a shadow world of duplicity and subterfuge, amorphous as a wisp of smoke.
Maya carried her things out to a small white rental car and, after a final glance at what had been her home for the last ninety days, slipped behind the wheel and drove away, never to see the sad little group of buildings again. She had no idea what the future held, but she was now part of an elite group and had earned her place against all odds.
The apartment was tidy and simply furnished, the building anonymous, in an area inhabited by office workers and young families. Part of her new identity had consisted of a wallet with a wad of high-denomination bills and two credit cards, and she was advised that her monthly salary beginning immediately would be automatically deposited into an account that was separate from the operational one linked to the cards.
Lev had given her an orientation that lasted three hours, and by the time he was done, she understood that she would be unlikely to meet anyone further up the chain of command – Lev was the court of final appeals and had complete authority over her operational life and, as far as she was concerned, was the closest thing to God walking the planet.
She spent her day buying groceries and small items for the apartment, trying to make it a little homier, and she realized that for the first time since she was fourteen she had her own place – something she didn’t have to share with others. A part of her felt surreal and vaguely uncomfortable in a space that was all her own, where nobody had the right to come through whenever they wanted to inspect her possessions.
Maya unwrapped a screwdriver she’d purchased and removed all the electrical outlets, painstakingly inspecting them for listening devices, and then repeated the process with the overhead light fixtures, standing on a tall wooden stool. Only when she was finished did she allow herself to relax, satisfied that the place was clean. She had no reason to believe the Mossad cared about her personal life to the degree of placing surveillance equipment in the apartment, but her training had made an impression on her, and part of it was to take nothing for granted.
That night she made a simple meal and sat watching television, the doors locked, blinds closed, the screen flickering in the darkness with the sound barely on. She knew it was silly, that nobody was trying to get her and that she was safe, but still she had a trace buzz of unease, and when she finally went to sleep, she took a long bread knife from the kitchen and placed it on the nightstand next to her.
The next morning the cell phone Lev had given her as part of her kit rang as she was finishing her sit-ups, having completed her morning run earlier. She punched it to life, her face shiny from perspiration.
“I’ve got a package for you. Let’s meet in two hours. There’s a café three blocks from your apartment. I’ll be there at eleven.” He mentioned a name and an address. “Don’t be late.”
When she arrived, he was sitting in a corner away from the main dining area. The little café was deserted other than a pair of old women near the front windows. Maya sat across from him, and a waitress came over and took her order before disappearing.
“Why are we meeting here and not at some headquarters building?”
“Combatants, as operatives are called, don’t go to headquarters. You’ll spend your entire operational life in the field. You’re operational staff, not HQ, and as such, you have no need to know anything about headquarters. All your contact will be with me. I hope that’s not a problem.”
“No, I just didn’t understand. Now I do.”
The waitress returned with her coffee, placed it on the table, and sauntered off.
Lev glanced around and slid a file to her. “This will be your first operation. You’ll be going into Jordan. We’re inserting a four-man team, and you’ll be one of the operatives. On this mission you’ll be playing a support role.”
She nodded. “What’s the objective?”
“It’s a snatch. We’ve gotten word that an undesirable is holed up at a farm south of Irbid. The intelligence indicates that it’s fortified. Your mission is to kidnap him, take him to a secure location, and debrief him. We can’t easily get him across the border from Jordan, so it will have to take place in-country. You’ll be going across on the bus from Nazareth to Amman.” He passed a manila envelope to her. “Your operational papers are in there. You’ll be carrying a French passport with all appropriate stamps, and your cover is a student who’s on a tour of the region. Once in Amman, you’ll rendezvous and travel north. The mission leader is using the name Rudi. You’re Theresa Brouget. Everything you need to know is in the file, which you must destroy once you’ve memorized it. Burn it and rinse the ashes down the apartment sink.”
Maya opened the file folder and found herself staring at a black-and-white image of a bearded man circled in yellow, speaking with three other similarly attired men, presumably taken with a hidden camera. She glanced at the information on the attached page and then closed the file.
“How long will I be in Jordan?”
“No more than three or four days, I shouldn’t think. But that will be up to Rudi. You’re to follow his orders to the letter. He’s experienced and has a good track record. Once with your group you’ll pretend to be boyfriend and girlfriend – a budding vacation romance.”
“And if there are any problems?”
“There are protocols in the file. Clearly, the hope is you won’t have to use them.”
Maya nodded. “What time does the bus leave?”
“8:30 a.m. So it will be an early morning. Allow two hours to get there. Leave your car in the hotel lot near the pickup point, where it will be safe. Obviously, don’t take anything that could identify you as Israeli. A package with French clothes, cell phone, and hygiene products will be dropped off at your apartment this afternoon. Carry only the identification in the envelope, nothing else.”
“I understand.” She paused. “How will I know Rudi?”
“The details are in the envelope.” Lev stood and put some shekels on the table. “Good luck.”
She gave him a small smile. “I tend to make my own luck, but thanks.”
 
Chapter 24
Amman, Jordan
Maya stepped off the bus and pulled her backpack over her shoulder before setting off for a nearby hotel where she’d be meeting Rudi in the lobby restaurant for a late lunch. The sun blazed high overhead as she made her way down the bustling sidewalk. It was her first time in Jordan, and the city was more cosmopolitan than she’d expected. She wore European clothing, lightweight baggy pants, and a shapeless long-sleeved shirt, and felt conspicuous without a hijab, as many of the Muslim women were wearing.
At the large contemporary hotel, the doorman didn’t give her a second glance when she entered the mammoth air-conditioned lobby and looked around for the restaurant. Once she was comfortably seated at a table near the door sipping iced tea, she began reading one of the guidebooks that had been thoughtfully left in her care package.
Ten minutes later she checked her watch and saw a tall man in his late twenties approaching, a shock of dark hair hanging over his brow. His face lit up when he saw her, and she marveled at the look of supposed genuine recognition that warmed his features.
“Theresa,” he said as he arrived at the table. She stood, and he kissed her on each cheek.
“Rudi. I thought you’d never get here. I’m famished,” she said in French, reciting her code phrase.
He appraised her with intelligent hazel eyes, a faint look of amusement playing across his face. “Well, we can’t have you starving to death. What would the locals think?” he responded in kind, his accent flawless. “Have you had a chance to check out the menu?”
“Of course. Everything looks wonderful.”
“Then we shall have one of everything.”
“Well, perhaps a more sensible approach is in order.”
A waiter in a starched white shirt and a red vest arrived with a second menu, and after glancing at it, Rudi ordered for them both. When the man had departed, Rudi smiled easily and studied Maya as if memorizing every detail of her.
“You look well. How was your trip?” he asked.
“As expected. No surprises.”
“Excellent. I hope you’re looking forward to discovering the wonders of Jordan. It’s a miraculous place.”
“Of course. I can’t wait to get started.”
They made small talk, outwardly innocent to any eavesdropper, and bantered over their lunch, which was indifferently prepared but edible. When the check came, Rudi paid, and then they made their way out the door, arm in arm like lovers.
“Where to?” she asked.
“I’m parked in the lot a block down. Let’s make sure you didn’t pick up a tail, and assuming you’re clean, we’ll get out of here.”
“What about the others?”
“Don’t worry about them. Just worry about yourself for now.”
Rudi stopped abruptly to tie his shoe, and Maya checked the sidewalk behind them for signs of surveillance, but saw nothing. Rudi glanced around, and his eyes roved over the cars parked on the far side of the street. When he stood, he looked satisfied. “I don’t see anything odd.”
“That’s good, right?”
“Couldn’t be better. Not that I’m expecting a welcoming committee, but you can never be too careful.”
They resumed their stroll. The heat radiating off the sidewalk was almost unbearable, and Maya exhaled a sigh of relief when they arrived at the lot, where a white GMC Yukon was parked near the exit. Five minutes later they were in downtown traffic, Rudi’s gaze moving from the side mirror to the rearview mirror as he navigated through the unruly snarl. He followed the stream of vehicles until they were on the highway north, headed toward Irbid on a modern four-lane road.
“Are you going to fill me in on what we’re doing?” Maya asked when he finally relaxed.
“Sure. The others are in place. I’ve got a safe house one of our contacts leased out in the country, where we won’t be bothered. The target is, as of yesterday, at a farm between Neaime and Al Hosn. I had hoped to have more time, but I don’t trust the local intel, so I want to grab him tonight.”
“Fine. What do you need me to do?”
“You and Peter, whom you’ll meet shortly, will watch the road to ensure we aren’t interrupted while we go in. I’ll take Saul, whom I’ve worked with before. It should be easy – according to the surveillance report, it’s only the target and the people who work the farm in the house, so I don’t anticipate any problems.”
“How will you neutralize them?”
“Don’t worry about that.”
“I see. And weapons?”
“At the house. Beretta 92 9mm pistols. Locally sourced – I have a feeling they disappeared from the army here. I want nothing that could hint at Israel if something goes wrong.”
She looked through the window at the Zarqa River as they crossed over the rushing water. “So you snatch him while we act as lookouts? That’s it?” Maya couldn’t keep the hint of disappointment out of her voice.
“Look. Don’t take this the wrong way, but I can’t afford to have anything go sideways on us. I understand from Lev that you’re more than capable, but Saul has years of experience, and so do I, so we’ll handle the heavy lifting. Hopefully this will be a nice, boring surveillance operation, and you’ll be on your way home in a day or two, no worse for wear.”
“I like the sound of that. But if you don’t mind me saying so, you seem on edge. Are you expecting trouble?”
“I’m always expecting trouble. Especially when the information we’re acting on comes from locals. There’s a constant problem of reliability – our informants work for money, not love, so we can never be a hundred percent sure that they aren’t playing both sides to maximize their payday.”
She nodded. “You have any reason to believe that’s the case?”
“None, other than a lifetime of doing this.” They sat in silence for the rest of the drive. Rudi turned off the main road and took a smaller tributary toward the Nu’aymeh hills. Two kilometers off the highway he pulled into the driveway of a two-story beige stone house. The adjacent field was plowed with neat rows of furrows in the rich alluvial soil. Rudi shut off the engine and turned to her.
“Here we are. Home sweet home. I’ll call the others in a little while. They’re watching the farm access road. Thank God there’s cell service here.”
They entered the modest house, and she set her backpack down on one of the hardwood dining room chairs – rustically crafted, as was all the furniture she could see.
“There are three bedrooms,” Rudi said. “You can have the smallest one upstairs. We’ll take the other two.”
“Great. What’s our timing look like?”
He checked his watch. “Figure eight hours. Call it midnight. Everyone should be asleep by then on the surrounding farms.”
“What do you want me to do in the meantime?”
He retrieved a cell phone from his shirt pocket and gave her an uninterested glance. “Get some rest. It’s going to be a long night.”
Maya tried to nap, but her thoughts intruded. Here she was, doing the job she had trained so hard for, and all Rudi wanted her to do was be a lookout. She supposed she could see his point – but still, it felt dismissive, and she couldn’t shake the feeling that he really didn’t want her there.
The sound of the front door closing roused her from her semi-slumber, and she returned downstairs, where a whippet-thin man with weasel eyes and a gleaming shaved head was cleaning a pistol. He gave her a flat look and returned to his task as Rudi paced in the other room.
“Hi. I’m Theresa,” she said, taking the seat across from him.
“Saul,” the man said, as if the single syllable explained everything.
“Nice to meet you,” Maya tried.
Rudi entered carrying two more pistols and placed one in front of her. “Might want to clean it. Doesn’t look like it’s in particularly good shape, but beggars can’t be choosers, right?”
She fieldstripped it with efficiency and frowned. “It’s certainly seen its share of abuse. How many spare magazines?”
“Only one each. We were lucky to even get that. Let’s hope we don’t have to use them. I gather you met Saul?”
Maya nodded.
Rudi explained that Peter was still in place, hiding in a grove of trees by the road that led to the farmhouse. They hadn’t seen any traffic going to the dwelling since they’d taken up watch that morning, and their contact had assured them that their target had been inside all night.
“Who is he?” Maya asked.
Saul gave her his dead stare. “A bad guy.”
Rudi shrugged. “Sorry. It’s all about need to know. But Saul here is right – he’s a bad one.”
Maya finished her cleaning project, checking each bullet as she reloaded the magazine, and then slid it into place, taking care to chamber a round before setting the safety and decocking the gun. Saul watched her without comment as Rudi did the same with his weapon and slid it into his belt, pocketing the extra magazine. Rudi went into the dimly lit living room and returned with a Heckler & Koch MP5 submachine gun that looked like it had been dragged behind a car all the way from Jerusalem. Breaking it down and cleaning it only took him a matter of minutes, and when he was done, he stood, checked the time, and nodded.
“Let’s get to it. I want to be in position within ten minutes.”
Saul scowled and gave a curt grunt before walking to the door. Rudi looked at Maya. “You ride with me. I don’t want Saul to talk your ear off.”
Saul made for a dented Suzuki SUV, and Maya and Rudi got into the big Yukon. “When we get there, your only job is to stay out of sight and keep watch, all right? Peter has a phone, and if you see anyone coming, you’re to call me, not engage. Am I clear?”
“I got it. Smile and look pretty and let the men do all the work.”
“I’d say it’s more like you should let the experienced agents do the work, rookie.”
“Right.”
The farmhouse was on a rural road, and Saul and Rudi both killed their lights before nearing it, using the moonlight to guide them the rest of the way. Rudi pulled to a halt fifty yards before a gravel road veered off to the right, and Saul pulled past it and used his emergency brake to stop without illuminating his taillights. When they got out, she could barely make out what she presumed was Peter standing by a copse of scraggly trees. Rudi and Maya crept over to him, and he made a murmured introduction.
“Peter. Theresa. Any signs of life?”
Peter shook his head. “Negative. Lights went off almost three hours ago. It’s been dark since.”
“Traffic?”
“Only a few cars on the road. Nothing for the last half hour.”
“Okay. You know the drill. Stay put, and only call if someone shows up. Saul and I are going in.”
Saul approached from down the road, his steps nearly silent even on the gravel, and after checking to verify that his phone was on vibrate, he and Rudi slipped into the night, leaving Peter and Maya alone, only the sound of an occasional distant car on the highway marring the tranquility. Maya slid her pistol out and fingered the trigger guard as Peter eyed the farmhouse.
“How long have you been here?” she murmured.
“Too long,” he said, his voice tense.
They waited wordlessly from that point. Maya had gotten the message that she was viewed as a nuisance loud and clear, and was about to say something when gunfire erupted from the house, the boom of a shotgun followed by the popping of a pistol, and then the rapid-fire bark of a machine gun. Another shotgun blast exploded from the building, and then silence settled again.
Peter’s eyes were wide, his sneer replaced by an alarmed expression. Maya leapt to her feet. “Whatever just happened wasn’t part of the program. What do you want to do? Leave or go in?”
“Rudi told us to stay here,” Peter stammered.
“That was before World War Three started in there. I’m going in. Watch the road.”
“No. He said–”
Maya cut him off. “Keep an eye out. I’ll be back,” she said and vanished down the drive.
Her breathing sounded like a bellows to her as she moved in a crouch, Beretta gripped two-handed as she approached the house. She heard a noise from the rear and was taking aim when she saw Rudi stagger out, the submachine gun in one hand, the other clutching his abdomen. She rushed to him and saw his shirt was soaked through with blood.
“Anyone else alive?” she whispered.
“Saul’s dead. Let’s get out of here,” Rudi hissed, and coughed – an ugly wet sound.
“What happened?”
“They must have…some kind of motion detector outside. They were…ready for us when we…came through the door.”
“Did you finish everyone?”
He nodded.
“Can you make it to the truck?”
“I…don’t…know.” Rudi took three steps, and his knees buckled. She tried to break his fall, but he crumpled to the ground. “Get…out…” he ordered.
“I’ll be right back.”
She took off at a flat-out run and, when she reached Peter, told him what she was going to do.
He shook his head. “No. We have to leave.”
“Fine. Go. I’m not leaving a wounded man to get picked up by the Jordanian secret police.”
Maya bolted for the Yukon, leaving Peter to battle his demons alone. She slid behind the wheel and cranked the engine and then pointed the big vehicle toward the drive, not caring about stealth any longer. She roared down the gravel and was almost to the house when she saw a man with a rifle move from the rear and crouch down, drawing a bead on her. She slammed on the brakes and twisted the wheel, sending the SUV into a sideways drift before it lurched to a stop.
The first rifle shot punched a hole through the passenger side window with a spray of glass, and she ducked as she reached for her door handle. It swung open, and she threw herself onto the ground as another shot pounded through the passenger door and thumped into the seat. Rudi’s MP5 rattled as he fired and then stopped, presumably empty. She ducked around the hood, using the bulk of the motor as effective cover, and tried to make out the shooter in the darkness.
There. She could just see the glint of gunmetal in the moonlight. At sixty meters it was pushing the effective accuracy range for the pistol, but she emptied the magazine’s fifteen rounds at the shooter, running to Rudi after the first nine shots and continuing to fire as she neared. The rifle blasted but missed her, and she tucked and rolled as she ejected the spent magazine before driving the new one home.
She saw movement by a stack of wood. A man’s head.
Now she was only forty meters from him, and she’d practiced enough on the range to be confident in her abilities. Six flashes from her gun in quick succession lit the night, and she was rewarded by the shooter falling backward, his rifle firing harmlessly into the air as his finger spasmed on the trigger. She didn’t wait but ran directly at him, the Beretta steady in her grip. When she reached his position, the man sprawled amidst chunks of shattered ceramic, obviously dead, his brains leaking out in a pool of black blood. Hearing nothing more from the house, she returned to where Rudi was struggling to sit up.
Maya got her arm around him and heaved him to his feet. She struggled to support him as she led him to the GMC, his feet shuffling like a geriatric. Maya groped for the handle and swung the passenger door open, and he collapsed onto the seat, his hand leaving a red smear on the door. She slammed it closed and rushed to slip behind the wheel, her heart hammering in her chest as she put the vehicle in gear and tromped on the gas.
Lights were switching on in the surrounding farms, and she could see headlights bouncing down the road from town. She swung hard left and juiced the accelerator, leaving any pursuers behind her, knowing she was only minutes from being fully exposed to the inevitable roadblocks the authorities would put into place. The Suzuki was gone, so at least Peter had gotten clear, she thought, risking a glance at Rudi. The blood was everywhere, but he was still breathing, and if she could get him to the safe house alive, she would get a chance to put the battlefield triage techniques she’d learned to use and try her damnedest to save him, orders or no orders.
 
Chapter 25
Pulau Numbing, Indonesia
Nahir sat by the pool in the shade of an oversized umbrella, speaking into his satellite phone. His gaze absently traced the glistening bronze curves of a young Thai woman lounging nearby, the elaborate snake tattoo on her upper back coming to life when she shifted and her shoulder muscles rippled.
“No, I don’t want a bunch of end-of-life RPGs and some tired assault rifles that the Russians couldn’t give away through their ordinary channels. I appreciate you thinking of me, but my clientele is more discerning,” he said and then listened for a long time, blinking rapidly and holding the handset away from his ear. “Yes, I completely understand what a special price this is. Tell you what. I’ll make a couple of calls and see if there’s anyone in Africa looking for a bargain. No promises, but it sounds like you’re in a bind, and anything to help a friend…”
The discussion went on for another few minutes, and then Nahir stabbed the end call button and sighed as he placed the phone on the table next to him. A frost-covered champagne bucket sat beside it, for which one of the stewards attentively replenished the ice every half hour, and he took another sip of the Perrier Jouët he had flown in by the container load.
His manservant, Utari, padded across the deck, accompanied by a handsome woman in an expensive safari-themed outfit, the reflection of the sun off the diamond rings that studded her fingers nearly blinding. Nahir smiled and rose, extending his arms in welcome.
“Carla, lovely to see you again. Is it already that time?”
“Every year, same day. But it’s not every day that it’s your fiftieth birthday, is it? This one must be special, my dear. And I will do whatever it takes to make it so.”
“You tease me with your promises. Please, have a seat. Champagne?”
“I suppose a little won’t hurt.”
Nahir snapped his fingers and pointed to his crystal flute, and a white-clad servant arrived a few moments later with another, carefully pouring it three-quarters full before disappearing behind the small building that housed the outdoor bar, from which the soft melody of Spanish guitar music drifted.
They toasted, and then Carla withdrew a file folder from her purse and handed it to Nahir.
“These are the very best currently on the international scene. As you requested. Each of them fitting your preference.”
Nahir opened it and studied the color headshot of a beautiful young woman before flipping it over and studying her swimsuit and formalwear photos. He considered her flawless face again with discriminating eyes and moved to the next.
“Ah. This looks interesting. She has an air about her, does she not?” Nahir asked, tapping the second photograph. He continued sorting through the photos and selected seven. “These will do. Make the arrangements.” He took another glance at the top photograph. “I like your taste. You know me well, don’t you? What’s her story?”
“Ah, yes. She’s new. From France. Very exotic, no?” Carla asked.
“Indeed. She has an intriguing aura. A certain fire that comes through the camera, no?”
“I thought the same thing when I saw her. Really remarkable. Especially the eyes.”
“You think those are lenses?”
Carla studied the photo. “No, I think that’s completely natural. Every bit of her, I’d be willing to bet,” she said, taking the photographs back and sliding them into the file. She took a last look at Maya’s headshot and nodded. “Now, dear, let’s discuss the rest of the arrangements. I have spared no expense. This will be the most lavish fête ever held here.”
“That’s quite a promise. Last year’s will be tough to top.”
“I have some surprises in store for you. I don’t want to go into too much detail, but I need approval for the budget.” She gave him a two-minute rundown on the high points of the planned spectacle, and then told him what it would cost.
Nahir’s eyebrows rose when he heard the number. He took another swallow of champagne and smiled. “Good lord. What do you think I have on this island, an oil well?”
“You’re richer than Croesus. And it is your birthday.”
“Are you sure you need that much? I don’t want to buy my own country.”
“It depends on whether you want something truly memorable or not. With over a hundred guests, chefs to fly in, delicacies to source, rare wines to acquire, entertainment, technicians…well, love, I won’t bore you with the minutiae. Just say yes, spend the money, and I’ll go away and make all your dreams come true.”
Nahir shrugged. “Put that way, how can I refuse?”
Carla patted his hand and grinned before finishing her champagne. “It’s too bad you’re such an inveterate playboy, because with that attitude you could be my fourth husband.”
“I’m not sure my heart could take it.”
“I don’t require them to be healthy. Just rich and accommodating.”
He closed his eyes as a mild sea breeze ruffled his hair.
“Don’t ever change, Carla.”
 
Chapter 26
Tel Aviv, Israel
Cars whizzed by the small café near the commercial port in Tel Aviv, where Maya sat at one of the wooden tables, sipping a cup of hot tea as she read the newspaper. She’d gotten back the day prior after forty-eight endless hours in Jordan, waiting for orders following her signal to Lev that they needed a skilled medical team; her primitive efforts had only been sufficient to stabilize Rudi.
Lev entered through the front door and made directly for Maya, a fatigued expression on his face. The barista took his order and returned with it in moments: coffee of the day, black. He took a long taste before addressing her, his voice low.
“Welcome back. You had an eventful trip.”
“It was certainly interesting.”
“Rudi’s in guarded condition, but it looks like he’ll pull through. The doctor said you did a good job.”
“He’s exaggerating. I just did what I could.”
Lev studied her. “Peter indicated that you disobeyed a direct order when you went after Rudi.”
Maya leveled a blank stare at him. “He must have misunderstood.”
“I’m sure Rudi will corroborate your take when he’s in any condition to talk.”
“I didn’t see the wisdom of allowing Rudi to die in the dirt in the middle of nowhere. I can’t understand where that would have been a good call. But all’s well that ends well, right?”
“Not exactly. The mission was a failure.”
Maya took a sip of her tea. “I know. Truthfully, I would have handled it differently. I’d have certainly been sensitive to the presence of motion detectors. These days, even in rural areas, they’re an issue if the target’s technically savvy. You can even buy them online.” She paused. “But nobody asked. I was just a lookout, and I figured the experienced operatives knew what they were doing.”
“From all accounts, you handled yourself well.”
“Thank you. I did what I was trained to do.”
Lev looked at her over the rim of his cup. “Hmm. Well, your training is about to get another test, if you’re up for it. Meet me in the back parking lot. We can talk in my car. I’ll fill you in. Have you paid?”
She shook her head. He rose and went to the counter and gave the barista money and, after getting his change, exited without looking back. After a reasonable delay, Maya finished her tea and followed him out. His black sedan was backed into a spot next to a rusting dumpster. When she slipped into the passenger seat, he wordlessly removed an envelope from his jacket pocket and handed it to her. She opened it and gazed at the contents as Lev eyed the empty lot. It took five minutes to read the entire report.
“Indonesia?” she asked.
“Correct. You’ll be one of two female operatives going in.”
“Posing as prostitutes,” Maya said flatly.
“It’s the only way to get you onto the island. We’ve been trying to come up with a way for months, but the security is locked down tight. The de facto owner of the island has his own armed force, and he apparently values his privacy.”
She glanced at the name. “Nahir al Farooq.”
“Correct. He’s an arms dealer. He’ll sell to anyone. Terrorists, cartels, rogue states, it doesn’t matter. But he’s careful, so the evidence is always anecdotal. We’ve never been able to get the Indonesian military to move against him. As far as they’re concerned, he’s a wealthy recluse who prefers a secluded lifestyle and in their eyes has done nothing wrong.”
“Convenient for him.”
“Yes, but if we have anything to do with it, that’s all about to change. Word recently reached us that he’s marketing a chemical weapon – a nerve agent, which is a WMD, as the Americans are fond of saying. But we have no proof other than hearsay. Like I said, he’s smart, so he works through intermediaries.”
“How did you hear about the agent?”
“One of our operatives posed as a potential buyer. During the negotiations, we learned that it’s probably in his possession, which means on the island.”
“Then why don’t you have your operative buy it and hang Mr. al Farooq with the proof?”
Lev shifted uncomfortably. “That won’t be possible. Our operative suffered a hit-and-run accident last month. Killed instantly.”
“You think it was connected to this?”
“Hard to say for sure. Of course, we suspect it is, but there’s no way to know. He had several other operations going concurrently. And he lived in Estonia, where traffic fatalities aren’t exactly unknown. So it could have been his bad day, or it could have been related. Unfortunately, we don’t have anyone else with a sufficiently developed cover to resume the discussion, which leaves us with plan B. Which is you.”
“Me.”
“Our dealer has a big party every year for his birthday and likes to ship in hired talent. Prostitutes with a penchant for sadomasochism. He also appreciates beauty. We originally had a more seasoned agent going in with the other operative we’ve managed to slip in, but she met with an accident as well, so she’s unavailable.”
Maya frowned. “Those are a lot of accidents.”
“We’re sure this was unrelated.” Lev didn’t elaborate, and Maya knew better than to push.
“What’s the assignment?”
“You’ll fly to Rome, where you’ll meet the woman who coordinates things for him. From there, you’ll go to Singapore and then travel by boat for the party on the island. Actually, you’ll arrive the day before. We’re hoping you’ll be able to search the grounds, and if you can locate the agent, destroy it.”
“What if we don’t find anything, or don’t have free access?”
Lev ignored the question. “We’ve got satellite footage of the complex, and there are a number of buildings on the periphery of his property. We believe that’s where he stores his weapons. Your job will be to get into those buildings, search them, and if you locate anything suspicious, blow it up.”
“And then how do we make it out of there alive?”
“That’s where the local navy will come into play. You’ll have satellite communications gear. When you need them to send in the cavalry, send the coded message to our team, which will be in the area, and they’ll see to it that the navy’s there within half an hour.”
“Again, what if there’s nothing to find?”
“Then you fly out several days after the party, and nobody’s the wiser.”
“Right. But we’ll be prostitutes. Am I correct that I’m being asked by the Mossad to have sex, probably twisted sex at that, in order to provide a cover story for a fishing expedition?”
Lev sighed. “I’m not going to lie to you. Nothing about this is going to be easy or pleasant. And I’m not going to demand that you go. In the end, you have to decide. I’d suggest that if it goes down that way, you develop severe food poisoning. That should dissuade even the most determined pervert.”
“Why me and not someone more seasoned?”
“The arms dealer likes young women with a certain quality. Exotic beauty. Mystery. We have any number of operatives, but few that would qualify as international beauties. You’re one of them.”
“So this is based on how I look?”
“Partially. They won’t be expecting you to be a covert operative.”
“No, just a whore.”
“Look, you signed up for this duty. We got you out of a hell of a jam, and now we’re suggesting that it’s time to pay it back. If anyone could do this, we’d send anyone, not be asking you to do it.” Lev took a deep breath, and his expression softened. “If you locate the agent in the first day or two, you might well be able to avoid the more…distasteful aspects of the assignment.”
Maya blinked. “Tell me what this nerve agent does. What will I be looking for?”
“It’s dispersed as an aerosol – airborne. It results in paralysis of the respiratory system, hemorrhaging, and death. Victims drown in their own blood as their lungs give out. If it was to be used in a crowded area…our experts tell me that we could expect hundreds, or even thousands, of casualties. It would be in a canister, or canisters. Metal. Pressurized.”
“Is there an antidote?”
Lev shook his head. “Not that we’ve been able to find.”
“Where did it come from?”
“We have our suspicions, but nothing concrete.” He pointed to two black-and-white photographs, one of them blurry. Asian men standing by a truck, talking, taken with a telephoto lens. “We got word that these two are negotiating a deal for the gas.”
“Who are they?”
“Indonesian separatists with a healthy hatred for Israel and her supporters. They claimed responsibility for the recent bus bombing in Bali. Killed an entire Jewish tour group from New York. A massacre. We also believe they’re responsible for the botched attack in Singapore on the synagogue, although, not surprisingly, nobody’s taking credit for the failed ones.” Lev paused. “These are very ugly players, and if they have access to the resources that would enable them to buy the agent, it could only mean a major strike. I don’t need to tell you how serious this is. The stakes are off the charts.”
She sat in silence, considering the assignment, and then turned to Lev. “When’s the party?”
“In three days. You’d need to fly out tomorrow, after getting an orientation on the satellite system and the incendiary devices we’ll send you in with.”
“Through airport security,” she reminded him.
“Don’t worry about that. You’ll be equipped with thermite grenades disguised as cosmetics. The other operative will transport the satcomm gear. Everything will be undetectable.”
Maya gazed through the window at the dumpster, where a line of ants was climbing the side. “What happens if I say no?”
“Then we’ll have to go with only one operative. I won’t mislead you – that will seriously diminish our chances. But I’ll understand.”
“And it will increase the risk to the other operative – another young woman like myself,” Maya stated flatly.
“Yes.”
She closed her eyes and leaned her head back against the seat. “How long do I have to think about it?”
“I need to know before you get out of the car.”
 
Chapter 27
Jakarta, Indonesia
Putra and Wira were sitting in a run-down restaurant near the waterfront, populated by sailors, working girls, and the riffraff that preyed on the unsuspecting in ports the world over. Wira patted his stomach after finishing his feast of greasy cui mie and belched softly while Putra picked at his gado-gado. Wira glanced at the adjacent empty tables and hunched forward.
“The funds are ready to be transferred. They are sitting in a bank in Singapore awaiting my instruction.”
“Our brothers in America are a wonderful resource. But how did you get it to Singapore without triggering the anti-money-laundering alarms? I thought it was impossible to divert large sums anymore,” Putra whispered.
“No, it was actually very easy. Our American partners took in the donations using their charity. Then the charity invested the proceeds with a sympathetic hedge fund located in the British Virgin Islands. That fund purchased five million dollars of derivatives contracts from another hedge fund located in Hong Kong. The contracts were options that were fixed around the price of crude oil, and when the price failed to drop, they expired worthless.”
“I don’t understand.”
“To the outside world it was an investment – a bet gone wrong. And the contra-party just happened to be a friendly Hong Kong hedge fund, which then took the five million and distributed it to the account of a group in Singapore that specializes in high-risk investments, among other things.”
“Ah. So our group.”
“Exactly. The source of the money is above reproach, so there is no question about where it came from. Because it was commingled with the rest of the Hong Kong firm’s funds, there is no way to make a direct connection, even if you understood what to look for, which nobody does. And the transfer mechanism – the derivatives contracts – are not regulated, so we are home free. Trillions of dollars’ worth of derivatives change hands every day. It is the perfect washing mechanism.”
To Putra it all sounded like gibberish. He marveled at how Wira could master so many disciplines with such apparent ease, and shook his head. “When do we make the transfer to the dealer?”
“I have arranged for half the money to be wired tomorrow and the rest when we have the gas in our possession.”
Putra checked the time. “Then we are set. The boat is waiting for us in the harbor. I told the captain to expect to leave within the hour.”
“You have everything? The guns?”
“In my bag. Although from what I understand, the island is heavily guarded, so we shouldn’t need them.”
Wira barked a dry laugh. “That will be the day.”
“We’ll be at sea for the better part of forty-eight hours. I hope the waters are calm.”
“As do I. But you have to admit, a commercial fishing boat is a masterful way to transport the canister. Nobody looks twice at them. It is perfect for our purposes.” Wira gestured to the waiter, who approached and cleared the plates away.
“I hope so.”
“My friend, this is the big step we’ve been waiting to take. With this weapon, we will be able to send the dogs running in fear. Their world will never be the same. It is the culmination of a lifetime of battling an oppressive regime, and our names will be spoken in hushed tones through the ages, as are those of other heroes of the struggle.”
Putra smiled. “It is an honor to be involved.”
Wira stood. “Come. We must get to the boat. For the beginning of a journey that will change the world as we know it.”
They departed the restaurant, two unremarkable men wearing shabby clothes, anonymous in the most populous city in Java. But both had a swagger to their step, an importance born of their mission and the knowledge that they would soon be on the front page of every newspaper on Earth.
 
Chapter 28
Rome, Italy
Maya met her counterpart Natasha at Leonardo da Vinci Airport in Rome, as Lev had arranged, in the business class lounge of Alitalia. She was a stunning beauty from Latvia, her midnight-black hair complementing slate-gray eyes, her poise far beyond that of a woman of twenty-two years old. She wore stylish black Jimmy Choo pumps and form-fitting Prada slacks that made Maya feel like a poor relation in her summer dress, jean jacket, and cowboy boots – part of the wardrobe that the invisible Mossad fashion elves had chosen for her look.
“We’ve got three hours before we’re supposed to meet this Carla woman,” Natasha said as she plucked a cherry from her soda and placed it carefully on the napkin by the side of the sweating glass.
“Do you have any more information than what was in the briefing?” Maya asked.
“No. I’ve been nosing around with some of my contacts in the escort world, but haven’t been able to find anything that could help us.”
“What’s your plan for locating the gas?”
“I have none, other than to get to the suspicious buildings as soon as possible and nose around.”
Maya frowned. “How do you want to work this?”
“No offense, but I do better alone. Your role is as more of a backup. Which if we’re lucky, we won’t need.”
“This wasn’t really explained to me in those terms. I got the impression we’d be working together.”
Natasha’s face softened. “We will. But we have to be careful about alerting them that we’re there for any reason other than to be sexual playthings for a rich sadist, and if we’re obviously tag-teaming, it could look suspicious. I say we get a sense of the lay of the land, and then we make it up as we go along. I don’t know what to expect any more than you do, but our best option is to be flexible. And Sonya, there can only be one mission leader, so I’m afraid my word goes on this.”
Maya had been given the name Sonya for the trip, replete with French passport and driver’s license.
“I’m not trying to butt heads.” Maya paused, remembering her only other operation and how that had gone, but bit back the urge to comment. “Do you have the satellite gear?”
“Of course. It’s built into my carry-on bag. Looks like part of the carriage system on the scanners, or even with a physical inspection.”
“I have the thermite. Same thing – disguised, along with a knife. You’d never guess looking at the containers. But some assembly required.”
“Let’s hope we get a chance to use them. How much did they tell you about the nerve agent?”
“The basics.”
“Apparently high heat will neutralize all these sorts of gases. So when we locate it, the thermite grenades should destroy the agent on ignition.”
“It better. The alternative doesn’t sound pretty.”
“No. It doesn’t.”
“Any idea what we’re walking into on the island?”
“No, although the live sat feed picked up a decent number of armed men. At least a dozen on each shift. That’s all the intel I have, I’m afraid.”
“It isn’t much, is it?”
“No, but I’ve seen worse. Is this your first time out?”
“One of them,” Maya admitted.
“It’s a constant struggle between the field and headquarters. The planners think we’re a bunch of prima donnas, and we tend to think they’re completely unrealistic and out of touch. But we often get instructions that are flat-out dangerous, and that’s where the friction comes in. I won’t do something without fighting it if it feels like some ivory-tower scheme cooked up by a suit who’s been out of the field for a decade.”
“Does this look like one of those?”
“No, unfortunately, this is exactly what it looks like: they have no alternative but us. No backup that can be there in time to help. And no way out except for some questionable native naval support, which I don’t have a ton of faith in. I never do. One thing you learn quickly in this job – never trust the locals. They’re usually incompetent, corrupt, or both.”
“That’s reassuring.”
Natasha eyed her. “How old are you, Sonya?”
Maya stiffened. “Nineteen.”
Natasha shook her head. “Christ. Okay, here’s the stuff they don’t teach you in training. First, assume it’s all going to fall apart, and plan your escape before you do anything else. Operations can blow up for a thousand reasons, none of which will matter to you if you can’t get away. Know how you’re going to get out, or you probably won’t. Second, stay completely detached emotionally, no matter what happens. That’s going to be particularly important on this assignment. Remember that you’re doing whatever you have to do for the mission, and leave it behind once you’re out of there. Third, it’s never personal. Think of what we do as the same as being an exterminator. They send us in when there’s an infestation. You take care of the problem as efficiently as possible and move on. Don’t let yourself think too much, and don’t ever stray from the objective.”
“How long have you been doing this?”
“Three more years than you have, I’d guess. And in this business, that makes me a seasoned pro. Trust me, if you last this long, you’ll be one too. By the time you’re twenty-two you’ll have seen everything…at least twice.”
Maya studied the other woman’s face, noting the steel in her gaze.
“I’m not going to ask.”
Natasha smiled. “I wouldn’t tell you if you did.”
They split up an hour before they were scheduled to meet Carla and the rest of the girls at the Qatar Air departure lounge for their flight to Singapore. Maya wandered the international terminal and checked her reflection in the restroom before making her way to the gate.
Carla was easy to spot. Natasha was standing next to her, flashing megawatt smiles at the waiting pilots. Maya approached Carla and introduced herself, pretending not to know Natasha, as agreed. The older woman appraised Maya like an art dealer eyeing a purported Rembrandt, and then nodded once.
“Welcome. Nice to have you with us. I’m Carla, and this is Susan, Natasha, Angela, and Courtney. The others should be here shortly, and then we’ll board together. Everyone’s in business class, so the cabin will be mostly us.”
The women all had a distinctive look, a tautness to their physiques that didn’t come from any gym but rather the genetic gift of a fickle universe coupled with careful dieting and designer pharmaceuticals, Maya guessed. Five minutes later the final two girls appeared: Britney and Mona. Carla led everyone to the gate, and a trail of men’s hungry eyes followed them as they made their way down the Jetway.
Maya declined the offer of preflight champagne, preferring to stick to mineral water as the plane rolled back from the gate. She sneaked a glance at Natasha, who was seated on the opposite side of the cabin, apparently unconcerned and laughing at something Courtney had said.
As the G-force from the jets pushed her back into her seat and the heavy aircraft surged forward, for the first time she wondered whether she had any real idea what she’d gotten herself into and, perhaps more importantly, what her odds were of making it out alive. Her stomach dipped as the big aircraft lifted into the sky, and she closed her eyes, determined to take Natasha’s advice and think only about the objective – a doomsday weapon in the hands of madmen and a nation dependent upon two young women to protect it from the unimaginable.
 
Chapter 29
Singapore
The sparkling skyline receded into the distance as the big Viking sport fisher cut through the swell in the Singapore Strait, the twin diesels rumbling beneath the deck as Maya took shelter from the wind in the boat’s plush cabin. Three of the girls had gone up to the flybridge with the captain and mate, but Maya preferred to stay on the deck level, even if under Carla’s watchful eye.
The yacht seemed out of place as it roared by the scores of cargo ships waiting in the channel outside the harbor mouth, steel behemoths lined up in an aquatic traffic jam. Soon the Viking was leaving the clog of tankers and making for the Riau Strait, between the green rises of Pulau Bintan and Pulau Batam jutting from the sea. They passed a ferry plowing its way to Tanjung Pinan City, a catamaran with enclosed decks, and Maya could make out the ghostly faces of passengers eying the sport fisher through the commuter’s windows.
“How far is the island from Singapore?” Maya asked, making conversation.
Carla frowned. “As the crow flies, about a hundred kilometers. But by sea it takes longer. We’ll be sailing for about three hours. Less if it stays flat. Which is a fifty-fifty proposition – it can get pretty rough in parts.”
“You sound like you’ve done the trip a lot,” Natasha said.
Carla gave her a sour look. “I’ve done it enough.”
The mate came down the ladder and entered the cabin. He said something to Carla that Maya couldn’t decipher, and she translated for everyone’s benefit.
“There’s water, beer, and champagne in the fridge. Whatever you want.”
Natasha went with champagne again, and Maya did as well, not wanting to stand out among the party girls. The mate opened a magnum of Mumm’s Cordon Rouge and poured everyone plastic flutes full before executing a small bow and going back to the flybridge.
Maya sipped the effervescent nectar sparingly and, when she went to the bathroom, poured most of her drink down the toilet. When she returned to the salon, Carla was lecturing the girls.
“Nahir, our host, won’t be back until tomorrow afternoon. He’s in Macau, and when he arrives, you’re to show him every form of hospitality. There will be over a hundred guests, many of them his close friends and associates, and if he decides to make a gift of one of you, you’re to smile and agree without question. You’ll be on the island for one week, during which time you’ll be restricted to the villa grounds, which consist of the main house and three guest bungalows, each with eight guest rooms.”
“Where are the guests staying?” Angela asked, in a pronounced German accent.
“The party will go on all night, and at dawn seaplanes and helicopters will begin taking guests back to Singapore. I would expect a fair number to stay on the island, however, if the last few big parties are any indication, and you’re to make yourselves available as instructed by either Nahir or myself. The villa has twelve bedrooms, and the guest bungalows a combined sixteen, so it’s entirely likely that the festivities will continue into the following evening.”
The girls absorbed the information, and Carla continued.
“Nahir is a stickler for security, so for your own protection you’re not to venture off the compound grounds. He has armed guards, and you don’t want to learn the hard way that they’re under instructions to fire at anything they deem suspicious.” The girls’ eyes widened. “This can be a dangerous area of the world, and it’s for your protection. Needless to say, with this many important guests the security will be extra vigilant. There are pirates and bandits in the region, so better safe than sorry.”
Carla gave everyone more to think about as the yacht breezed past the large islands, waves washing up on the shore of the closest, where a series of otherworldly sand dunes rose from the sea. On the nights following the party they would dine in the main house with Nahir, and whenever they were in attendance at a meal, they were to wear one of the formal evening gowns that would await their arrival in the guest bungalow closets. During the day, from the morning of the party until they left the island, they were limited to thong bikinis and were expected to spend the daylight hours by the Olympic-sized pool, where refreshments would be continually served.
“I know I don’t have to say it, but I will anyway. Anything Nahir wants, and I mean anything, he gets. You’re being paid handsomely and will make him nothing but happy, or you’ll never work the circuit again. He’s an extremely powerful man with many friends, and you’ll want to stay in his good graces. He’s also been known to be very generous, so it would behoove you to be memorable and amenable at all times. I’ll be around until the evening following the party. If you have any questions, come to me, not him.”
When she was finished with the orientation, she went up top to repeat her admonishments to the remaining women. More champagne spilled into their glasses on the mate’s next visit as the boat changed course and cruised by several small, uninhabited islands surrounded by shallow reefs.
The seas got larger when the strait widened, and the yacht slowed from its blistering pace as it negotiated the three- and four-foot rollers. Eventually they neared Pulau Numbing, and the captain backed off the throttles. A series of banners fluttered from poles along the white sandy shore as they approached a breakwater, the water dazzlingly blue, the green of the jungle glowing in the afternoon sun. Once the boat entered the harbor, the surface was glassy, and within minutes the sport fisher was making its way to a wooden pier that extended over the water. Several small skiffs tugged lazily at their tethers near the beach, an idyllic expanse of postcard perfection.
A retinue of armed guards dressed in crisp white pants and shirts waited on the pier. The mate tossed a bowline to the nearest, and Carla indicated the metal ladder leading from the water’s edge.
“Take your shoes off, ladies. If you’re wearing pumps, you’ll lose them if you don’t.”
The group scrambled up the steel rungs and onto the pier, where they waited in the sun for Carla to disembark. She managed the ladder with grace while one of the security detail gathered their passports and assured them that their luggage would be offloaded shortly. The girls exchanged worried glances but complied, and then they were being escorted to the walled compound a hundred meters down the stretch of sand.
As they neared the complex, the villa towered over the grounds. Its massive terraces looked out over the pool to the sea beyond as the surrounding tropical flowers wavered in the balmy breeze.
The bungalows turned out to be long white buildings with thatched roofs, equipped with ceiling fans and rustic furnishings, with plentiful windows for ventilation. When the door closed behind her, Maya threw herself on the bed and gazed up at the wooden crossbeams, already plotting escape routes from her room – the biggest problem being that on an island every road led to the water, so unless you had a boat you had no options.
An hour later a knock announced the arrival of her bag. The guard who dropped it off ogled her like she was lunch, and she fought to keep her expression placid, offering him a gentle smile as she turned to wheel her carry-on into the room. Maya almost jumped when he grabbed her buttock and squeezed it, but she resisted the urge to break his jaw, instead offering him no reaction. He stood in the doorway for several tense seconds and then grunted and walked off, leaving her to unpack. She forced herself to take deep breaths as she moved to the door and slammed the bolt home, remaining outwardly calm even as she seethed with quiet rage.
Maya shook off the incident and focused on the task at hand, which would first consist of sweeping the room for surveillance equipment. Ten minutes after she began, using a small coin to unscrew the sockets, she was reassured that the place was clean. When she unzipped her bag, she could tell it had been searched, but it took her three tries to get the hidden panel open. She retrieved the carbon fiber knife incorporated into the handle mechanism, satisfied that it had remained undetected. And after unpacking the hygiene case, she verified that the moisturizer and makeup containers that concealed the thermite charges had also done their job – they were intact.
Maya slipped off her cowboy boots, twisted the heels, and retrieved the detonators for the grenades and a microtransmitter from the compartments. Five minutes later she’d assembled two incendiary devices that would burn at over 2500 degrees Celsius, obliterating anything in their proximity. She inspected the compact charges and then switched on the radio and murmured into it, but got no response. Natasha probably hadn’t been able to activate hers yet, but given the number of gunmen prowling the grounds, they wouldn’t be able to do anything during the day, so Maya resolved to be patient.
She removed the rest of her things from the carry-on and hung them up. Finished, she activated the fan and lay back down on the bed, her weapons stashed in the secret luggage compartment, and considered how she and Natasha could search the island while effectively locked down and surrounded. No matter what scenarios she invented, it appeared hopeless, and when she closed her eyes, drifting off after a long, sleepless night on the rough flight, her last thought was that they had embarked on a suicide mission, their survival chances slimmer than their odds of finding the bioweapons, which were already as bleak as she could imagine.
 
Chapter 30
Dinner was served outdoors on the pool deck, a delicious mix of fresh fish and vegetarian fare accompanied by plentiful helpings of champagne. Being an international terrorist facilitator and arms dealer certainly paid better than being a Mossad operative chartered with stopping them, Maya mused, as a private chef in full regalia, his stovepipe hat embossed with the villa’s crest, attended to their requests.
Earlier that evening she’d tried on the short black sequined dress in her closet earmarked for the soirée, an Italian Lycra design with a plunging neckline and nonexistent back that clung to her like a second skin, and had realized that she was only hours from having to perform as a prostitute. Her motivation to locate the nerve agent had been turbo-charged by the thought, and she’d questioned whether she could go through with it – too late, she admitted to herself. Maya had resolved not to dwell on it, but denial only carried her so far, and as the reality of her situation sank in, her stomach twisted into knots.
After picking through dinner, Maya joined the others poolside, listening as they traded stories about their wealthiest patrons with matter-of-fact candor. They spoke English, the international language of high-end escorts, and everyone had a passable grasp of it, though some more than others. Britney finished recounting a story about an infamous head of state who had offered her ten thousand dollars to forego a condom, which she’d declined, enraging him and earning a beating. She described the brutality in flat tones and waved it off as an occupational hazard.
“Needless to say I was sent packing the next day, bruised and bloody, but good riddance. It’s my life, and I’m not going to risk AIDS for ten grand. I don’t care how powerful the john is – he’s not going to lie in the hospital bed for me and die in my place, so it wasn’t negotiable.”
“Did it wind up leaving any scars? The beating?” Mona asked.
Britney shook her head. “No, although I couldn’t work for two weeks. But that’s okay. I was getting a hundred grand a month, so it wasn’t like I was strapped for cash. Although the bastards didn’t give me the bonus they’d promised. One of my friends wound up leaving with a quarter million bucks of jewelry in addition to her pay.”
“Wow. Where do I find a gig like that?” Courtney joked.
“Trust me. There are easier clients. You don’t want that one.”
When the discussion broke up, Natasha nodded to Maya as they returned to the bungalow. Once back in her room, Maya activated the micro radio and waited. When Natasha’s voice came over the earpiece, it was hardly more than a whisper.
“I’m going to give everyone two hours to get to sleep. I’ve been timing the guards – they pass by the rear of the building every thirty minutes.”
“And then what?”
“There are a number of places that are likely spots. You saw the satellite imagery. I’m going to slip out and see what I can learn. With the patrols I wouldn’t imagine that there would be any need to have it heavily guarded, but I’m not going to assume anything. With any luck I’ll be able to find it, and then it’s only a matter of destroying it.”
“How do you plan to do that?”
“Depends on what we’re looking at. If there are guards, we can do it tomorrow night when the party’s in full roar and we’re unlikely to be missed.”
“There’s a small army out there. Sounds pretty iffy, Natasha.”
“I know. But it’s not like we have a lot of options,” she admitted.
“What do you want me to do?” Maya asked.
“Stay inside. I’ll give you a full report when I return.”
“Natasha, come on. I’m here. I want to be useful.”
Natasha was silent for a few seconds. “Fine. I’ll leave the satellite transmitter by your back window when I duck out. We can sync our watches so we aren’t discovered by the guards, and then you can go set it up by the junction terminal outside the wall on this side of the compound. Do you remember the layout?”
“Of course. It’s near the pumping station.”
“The unit’s triggered by a remote, but it needs to have a clear line of sight to the sky. Find somewhere you can put it where it won’t get washed away if it rains, and where it won’t be discovered.”
“That’s it? That’s all you want me to do?” Maya said, trying not to let the disappointment come through.
Natasha’s voice hardened. “Maya, just do as I say. There’ll be plenty of chances for you to earn your keep once we know where the agent’s stored. But for now you can’t take any risks that would alert them to our mission, and if you’re gone more than a few minutes, we’ve doubled the odds of discovery. Do you understand? We can’t afford that.”
As much as she hated to, Maya had to acknowledge that Natasha was right. “Will you stay in radio contact?”
“No. If something goes wrong and I have a radio, they’ll want to know who’s on the other end. I’m going to leave it in the bushes at the base of the cistern that feeds the bungalows and retrieve it when I return.”
Maya sighed. “All right.”
“Be ready to move when I contact you again.”
The radio went dead, and Maya removed the earpiece and slipped the unit under her pillow. Once again she was being relegated to the easy part, but saw no way to get more involved without disobeying Natasha’s orders. She completely understood why a more seasoned operative would want her out of the mission to the extent possible. But it still felt like she was being marginalized, and she had a lot riding on finding the agent before Nahir arrived and decided to get his money’s worth out of her. Maya was being paid a fortune for the week, and she had no doubt that her turn at bat would come sooner rather than later.
She just hoped she could restrain herself from killing the arms merchant when he sent for her. Although a dead miscreant wouldn’t break any hearts, it also wouldn’t lead them to the agent, which was the priority. No, she’d have to choke back the painful childhood memories and numb herself to whatever she was required to do, taking Natasha’s advice and compartmentalizing it. Just as she would have to lock away the memory of the executions that went with the job – although she felt no remorse for any she’d killed so far, including the men at the mosque…or her foster father, who had been beneath contempt, much less mercy.
When Natasha radioed at midnight, Maya was ready to go. She’d slipped into a pair of lightweight black cargo pants and a long sleeved black T-shirt and tied her hair back in a ponytail.
“The guard just went by. I’ll be outside in a minute,” Natasha said.
Maya moved to the rear window and eased it open, having removed the screen and stowed it in the closet earlier. She waited until she saw Natasha’s face in the faint moonlight and crawled out, dropping to the soft ground with a muffled thud. Natasha wordlessly handed her the small satellite transmitter and then spun and moved behind a row of hedges and disappeared from view.
After two minutes of remaining motionless, ears straining for the slightest sound, Maya edged to the nearby path and followed it along the landscaping until she spotted the perimeter wall. She studied it, noting the concrete support posts every six meters, and after slipping the transmitter into a side pocket, ran toward it. She hit the post a meter above the ground with her right foot, her athletic shoes gripping the rough mortar, and pushed hard left, driving her body higher. Her fingers latched onto the top of the three-meter-high wall, and she pulled herself up and over, landing on the ground in a crouch.
By her reckoning, the concrete junction box would be twenty-five meters from the wall. It took Maya fifteen minutes to find it, and when she did, she scaled the two-and-a-half-meter structure and placed the transmitter on the top, ringing it with small rocks she’d gathered for that purpose so it wouldn’t be blown off by strong winds. Because of the height of the roof lip, the unit was out of view, and because there were no nearby paths, Maya felt confident it wouldn’t be spotted.
She checked her watch and saw that she had nine minutes before the patrol came by the bungalow again. Plenty of time, she thought as she made her way back to the wall. She was over it in seconds and took catlike steps back to her darkened room, eyes roaming the area in case the guards weren’t precise in their timing.
Maya climbed through the window and pulled it closed behind her, exhaling a sigh of relief as she pulled the curtain closed. She barely registered movement behind her, and then strong arms locked onto her, pinning her in place. Sour sweat and alcohol assailed Maya as her assailant growled in her ear.
“You bad girl. Sneak out. Very bad.”
It had to be the guard who’d grabbed her ass earlier.
“What do you want?”
“What you think?”
“I’ll report you,” she said, struggling against him. She could feel the press of his excitement against her back as he held her tight.
“No, you won’t.”
Maya drove her left foot backward into the guard’s knee, dislocating the patella, which she knew would cause immediate, excruciating pain. He gasped in shock and loosened his grip, buying her just enough space to ram her elbow into his ribs. She heard a sharp crack, and he groaned, the wind knocked out of him. He released her as he bent over, fighting to remain standing on his good leg, and she pivoted and slammed her knee into his head, snapping it back. He was buckling as she grabbed both sides of his skull and twisted with all her might. He dropped to the floor, his body twitching, his spine broken at the C-2 vertebra.
Twenty minutes later she heaved the guard’s inert form through the window and followed it out. She dragged the body by its feet so she wouldn’t leave furrows in the damp ground and hid his corpse in a thicket of bamboo near the wall, where hopefully it wouldn’t be found until she’d finished her assignment.
Back in her room, she eyed the flattened plants beneath the window as she pulled the frame shut and prayed that by morning the grass would have recovered sufficiently to withstand scrutiny. Maya carefully scrubbed any trace of the guard off the floor with a damp towel before hosing down in the shower and then returned to her bed, where she spent the rest of the sleepless night waiting for Natasha to check in.
 
Chapter 31
Dawn arrived with a cloudburst, the heavy rain pounding on the roof like an avalanche of stones. Maya thanked Providence for the small favor – after a heavy downpour the grass outside the window would no longer be an issue, should anyone happen to look.
Which did little to quiet her racing thoughts. Natasha hadn’t contacted her, and as the morning light filtered through the window, Maya tried hailing her on the radio, with no success.
Maya eventually drifted off, her body’s need for sleep overwhelming the adrenal response her prolonged state of anxiety had triggered. When she awoke to a banging on her door, it was 11:00, and the rain had stopped.
She quickly pulled on an oversized T-shirt and called out, “Who is it?”
“Open the door,” a gruff male voice said.
“Why? Who’s there?”
“Security. Open the door, now.”
Maya slipped the bolt aside and pulled the door open. Three guards entered, their sidearms prominent. The eldest of the group looked her up and down and barked an order to his men.
“Search it.”
Maya watched one of the guards go to her bag and rifle through it while the other dropped to the floor and looked under the bed before rising and marching into the bathroom.
“What’s going on? Why are you doing this?” she asked the remaining guard, watching as the one by the closet ransacked her belongings.
“One of our men went missing last night.”
“And? What, you think I packed him in my carry-on or have him in the bathtub?”
The guard did his best to remain impassive, but she could sense his eyes devouring her when she pushed past him to look out the door, her caramel thighs barely covered by the bottom of the T-shirt. Outside, the sun was baking the standing water away from where it had collected in low spots along the walkway. Up by the villa she could see a few of the girls at the pool, giggling professionally, thongs on display as they paraded their wares.
The search didn’t take long. When they were done, the lead guard mumbled a halfhearted apology before moving to the next door and pounding on it. Maya went back inside, locked the bolt, and took a shower, and then donned her swimsuit and strolled to the pool, her sheer cover-up doing very little for her modesty. A steward came over when she sat under one of the umbrellas and smiled at her with raised eyebrows, and she ordered a light breakfast with a pot of black coffee. Courtney padded to the table and sat down uninvited, her piercing blue eyes squinting in the bright sun.
“Did you hear?” Courtney asked in a hushed voice.
“About the guard? Yeah. They just finished searching my room.”
Courtney glanced at the bungalows, clearly confused. “Guard? No, I meant about Natasha.”
Maya struggled to keep her voice even. “Who? Oh, the Russian girl. No, what about her?”
“She left last night.”
“What do you mean, left? She just got here.”
“She has the room next to mine, and the Gestapo showed up at about six this morning and took all her stuff.”
“Maybe she got kicked out for something.”
“I don’t think so. I asked one of the guards, and he said that she’d left, like that was the end of it. But it was like he was totally uncomfortable with me asking.” Courtney paused, looking around conspiratorially. “And if she left, why didn’t she take her stuff herself?” Courtney was from Los Angeles, an aspiring starlet who’d taken a wrong turn, and while not the smartest, had developed the sixth sense for scams and predators that was mandatory for survival there. “It’s creeping me out. I read an article about how some girls just go missing when they’re on these gigs, but I’ve never known one until now.”
“Have you done a lot of them?”
Courtney waved a perfectly manicured hand. “Oh, you know. For a year or two.”
Maya didn’t press for details. “What do you think happened?”
Courtney acted as though she hadn’t heard the question. “Have they returned your passport yet?”
“No. Why?”
“How could she have left without her passport? Aren’t you getting weirded out by this? Something’s messed up.”
The steward brought a platter of food and a pot of coffee, and Maya offered Courtney some. She shook her head. Maya took a bite of freshly cut fruit and studied Courtney’s profile.
“You think they might have hurt her or something? That makes no sense. Carla’s here, and they’d have to explain it to her…” Maya said.
“I don’t know. But it’s kind of scary. They’ve got our passports, so we can’t leave, and they’re like…like this is their own private kingdom or something. What would happen if we all disappeared?”
“Courtney, come on. People know we’re here, right? And why would they want to do something like that? Has the birthday boy even shown up yet?”
“Not that I know of.” She shrugged. “I just wanted to warn you. Don’t piss anyone off.”
Maya nodded. “Thanks for the tip. I wasn’t planning on it.”
“We need to stick together, you know?” Courtney hesitated. “I guess I’m just a little freaked. My imagination runs away with me sometimes. I need a frigging drink.” She waved at the bartender, and the steward approached.
“Madame?”
“Can I get a Bloody Mary?” she asked.
“Certainly.”
“With Gray Goose, okay? A double.”
“Right away. And you?” the man asked Maya.
“Oh, no, I’m good with the coffee right now. Maybe later,” Maya said, her thoughts elsewhere. Natasha must have been apprehended, which was a disaster. Even if she had a plausible story for being off the grounds in the dead of night, she would be interrogated, and once the guard’s absence had been noted…Maya didn’t want to think about what Natasha must be going through. Or how long she could hold out before admitting that she had a partner.
All of which assumed she was still alive.
The steward reappeared with Courtney’s cocktail and set it down in front of her with a flourish. Courtney raised the glass in toast to Maya and drained a third before returning it to the coaster. Maya wondered whether Natasha might have had something like a fake tooth with cyanide in it, and then reasoned that the likelihood was small – after all, nobody had offered one to Maya.
“Wow. That guy’s got a serious pour. That’s exactly what the doctor ordered,” Courtney said, smiling crookedly. Maya could see that there was more going on than quieting of nerves with a drink. Courtney clearly had substance issues, but that went with the profession, and it wasn’t Maya’s problem. No, her only imperative was to locate the nerve agent, if that was even still possible, and if not, to stay alive long enough to make it off the island.
Which was a longer shot than ever now.
“Any word when Nahir shows up?” Maya asked, taking another sip of coffee and peering over her Dolce & Gabbana sunglasses at a crew erecting a stage at the far side of the grounds.
“Carla said by two or three. She wants everyone out by the pool when he arrives so he can check out the talent.”
“Oh, then we have a little time.”
“Enough to take the edge off,” Courtney agreed, draining the rest of her drink before standing. “See you in the water.”
“Yeah, sure. And don’t worry about that girl. I’m sure everything will be fine,” Maya said, trying to be glib.
“Natasha. Her name’s Natasha.” Courtney eyed the others splashing in the pool like children on the first day of summer. “I hope you’re right.”
 
Chapter 32
The single-engine Cessna 208A Caravan seaplane’s pontoons skimmed the surface of the tranquil water on the leeward side of the island before the aircraft settled down like an ungainly waterfowl and taxied toward the shore. Palm trees blew in the trade wind, their fronds like frayed green kites beckoning a welcome as the plane approached the beach, the powerful motor’s drone the only sound in the small bay. It stopped twenty feet from the sand and waited as a wooden skiff piloted by a grinning captain motored out to greet it, his twin sitting at the bow, their ebony hair slick in the sun.
The fuselage door popped open, and the pilot stepped out onto the pontoon. The boatman threw him a line, which he secured before motioning to his passengers. Putra emerged and groped for a strut, trying to keep his balance. The boatman held the skiff tight against the pontoon, and Putra stepped into it, almost falling backward in the process. Wira, wearing tan linen slacks and a short-sleeved black shirt, clambered out and moved confidently to the boat, refusing the boatman’s assistance as he took a seat in the middle of the craft.
The pilot gave a small salute and waited as the vessel drifted away, then climbed back into the cockpit and guided the plane’s nose toward the open sea as the skiff moved parallel to the coast before disappearing around a verdant point.
Two gulls hovered overhead, eyeing the little boat’s passengers with passing curiosity. The bow sliced through the water with a hiss as the captain goosed the throttle, urging the outboard to greater speed. Five minutes later Nahir’s compound of buildings rose up from the shore through a break in the trees, their white bulk almost blinding in the afternoon glare. The boatman pointed at the villa and grinned, revealing yellow incisors with a gap where his front teeth had once been. Wira and Putra exchanged a neutral glance, and Putra blotted his brow with a handkerchief, the humidity cloying even with the sea breeze.
The boat slid onto the beach and came to a stop. The newcomers hopped out and found themselves facing a heavyset guard. Near the tree line several more watched the water, rifles cradled in their arms. Another gunman sat by the pier entrance, gazing at the distant islands.
“Welcome. Please. This way,” the guard said.
They trudged up the strand to a stone path that led to the villa. Two rifle-equipped sentries stood on either side of a wooden gate that punctuated the high stone wall, and one of them eased it open as the trio neared.
The grounds were lavish by any measure. Wira and Putra took in the groomed lawn, marble statuary, and lavish marble walkway that led to a massive swimming pool, where a bevy of young women lounged near the water’s edge.
A voice called out from the steps of the opulent villa. “Greetings. Our host has only just arrived and will be along in a few minutes,” a servant with an almond complexion announced from the shade of the veranda. “Gentlemen, please, have a seat. What kind of refreshments may I offer you?”
Wira and Putra exchanged a glance. “Water, please. For both of us.”
The steward disappeared into the house as another seaplane touched down in the water and taxied noisily toward the beach. The guests had begun arriving – Wira and Putra had seen several large yachts in the strait headed for the island, no doubt en route to the party, and Wira had spotted the fishing boat they’d disembarked from in Singapore making its way through the strait as well. They would load the agent onto the ship and take their leave of the dealer’s compound with all possible speed. The plan was to be a hundred miles from the island by daybreak, where they’d rendezvous with a faster boat so Wira could get back to Jakarta and finalize the embassy attack plan once they had the agent in their possession.
Footsteps approached from the villa. The servant arrived with their drinks, followed by their host, stylishly attired in a Versace shirt and ivory slacks, looking relaxed and rested. They got to their feet, and Nahir waved a limp hand as he pulled up a chair.
“Gentlemen, I’m delighted you could make it. Please, sit. You are my honored guests and are among friends here.” When the servant had moved out of earshot, Nahir leaned forward. “I received the wire transfer. Thank you. Frankly, I had my doubts you could perform. I see now that I was in error.”
“Yes, we are not without means. But now we need to see what we are paying for. No disrespect intended.”
“Of course not. You have every right to do so. Here. Perhaps this will set your minds at ease.” Nahir handed Wira a cell phone. A video image played on the small screen.
Wira and Putra watched as the camera zoomed in. Two dogs were wagging their tails at someone out of range. The camera panned out and focused on a blue metal canister in the corner. A cable was attached to the aerosol nozzle affixed to the top. The image zoomed in as the nozzle, triggered by the cable, released a mist into the chamber.
The focus shifted to the animals, who looked puzzled by the sound of the compressed gas, but still happy. The video speed increased until the counter indicated five minutes had elapsed. The little dogs convulsed on the floor of the chamber, blood seeping from their eyes and ears as froth foamed from their noses and mouths. Wira and Putra watched in rapt fascination as the dogs expired in horrific agony. When the screen went dark, Wira handed the phone back to Nahir.
“Impressive. But frankly, that could have been anything, no? Any toxin released into an airtight chamber. Or even the air being shut off, leaving the animals without oxygen.”
Nahir shrugged. “Really? What toxins do you know of that would cause that specific set of reactions in five minutes of exposure? I’d love to hear, because then I won’t have to pay a king’s ransom to acquire agents like this one.” Nahir fixed Wira with an icy stare. “Suffocation wouldn’t do it, which you should know. Get your facts straight.”
Putra looked nervously at Wira, who hadn’t displayed any reaction to Nahir’s insult. Instead, Wira took a sip of his water and set the glass down before leaning back and folding his hands in his lap.
Nahir checked his watch and cleared his throat.
“If you have an expert, I’ll gladly allow him to speak with my science director, who can give him the exact composition of the agent. Beyond that, I’m not sure what to tell you. If you don’t want it, no problem, I have other, qualified buyers who will take it without any hesitation.” Nahir pronounced “qualified” like a taunt. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have guests who have traveled far to enjoy my hospitality. Think it through, discuss it amongst yourselves, and I’ll be back shortly.”
Nahir stood and began making his way down the steps to the pool deck. Wira rose and followed him.
“We do not wish to offend you,” Wira said. “If I have your word that the gas is as advertised, that is good enough for me. Please. I will make one phone call and arrange for the rest of the funds to transfer. It can be done within the hour. But I want to take delivery now.”
Nahir gave him a frosty smile. “Come. Walk with me, and I’ll explain how the rest of the transaction will work.” He stopped, waiting for Putra to join them, and then led the pair along the pool area to the beach. Both newcomers’ eyes traveled to the women, and Nahir nodded. “Would you like to avail yourselves of my playthings? Just say the word. They are yours for the asking.”
Wira swallowed hard. “Thank you, but no. This is strictly business for us.”
“Well, if you reconsider, speak up. I assure you they are the stuff fantasies are made of. And each as willing as you could want.”
Wira shook his head.
Nahir smiled again. “Fine. Here’s how we’ll do this. You will transfer the remaining funds. Once I have confirmed receipt, I will arrange for the material to be loaded onto the vessel of your choice, although I have to warn you that if onto a seaplane, you will run into considerable difficulty when returning to Singapore. Customs there isn’t particularly understanding.”
“We have a boat. The green one out beyond the breakwater,” Putra said.
Nahir squinted at the fishing scow and nodded. “I see. Fine. Then make your call, and enjoy my hospitality until it gets dark. Once it does, I will see to it that the canister is transported to your boat.”
“Why can’t we take it now?” Wira asked.
“Because you haven’t paid me, and because it might look suspicious if you were leaving my soiree with a wooden crate – especially in these times of satellite surveillance. While the canister isn’t particularly large, it’s packed in protective foam and boxed, which is how I strongly recommend it be transported unless you want to risk the dogs’ fate if there’s a mishap. But let’s not make tracking you too easy, just in case anyone’s watching, shall we? We’ll do this tonight and not before. Only a matter of a few more hours.”
Putra and Wira murmured to each other, and Wira straightened. “Putra will accompany your men to wherever the agent is stored. He will oversee the loading onto one of the skiffs. Is that acceptable?”
“Of course. But only once payment has been received.”
Wira noticed one of the women, a gorgeous Eurasian with sun-kissed skin, glancing at them before looking away. “They are indeed miraculously beautiful young things, are they not? But alas, that is not our way.”
Nahir laughed. “You are true believers, and I respect that. However, I want you to know that you are not bound by any constraints here in my home, and I’ll remind you that even the righteous need…diversion…from time to time.”
“I appreciate that. I will make the call,” Wira said. “I trust you have a working phone? I lost cell service ten minutes before landing.”
“Of course. A satellite link. Right this way.”
Maya’s heart felt ready to burst from her chest. She recognized the two men with Nahir as the terrorists in Lev’s photographs, their faces seared into her memory. If they were here…she fought to appear uninterested and dropped her sunglasses back over her eyes, returning her attention to her companions, who were prattling on about trendy nightspots in Paris and London. She laughed with them when Angela wisecracked about the coming party, but her stomach was doing flops even though outwardly she appeared collected.
If Natasha’s disappearance had been a disaster, this was a full-blown crisis. Because if the terrorists had come to the island on the arms merchant’s birthday, it could only be for one reason, and any spare time she hoped she might have had just run out.
 
Chapter 33
The party crowd gathered around the expansive pool deck to watch the sun set. The glowing red ember slowly sank into the cobalt sea, flaming the sky with a rainbow of color, the morning’s showers a distant memory. A jazz quartet thumped away onstage as a small army of servers milled through the privileged with silver trays piled with drinks and appetizers. The dizzying aroma of expensive cologne and perfume drifted from the guests, largely older men with trophy wives or girlfriends half their ages.
Maya moved among the celebrants with her glass of Perrier water on the rocks with a lime twist, smiling perfunctorily, eyes searching for Nahir and the terrorists, whom she’d lost sight of when she’d been told by Carla to get prepared for the party. The band reached the end of its set, and the singer made the dinner announcement in three languages. Everyone moved to the tables that had been positioned for dining beneath the stars. Maya spotted Nahir coming out of the villa with the two men and breathed a sigh of relief when they sat together at the main table – if they were there to collect their purchase, they probably hadn’t done so yet.
The meal was an epicurean extravaganza, the Michelin chef outdoing himself with his nine courses, each richer than the last. Maya nibbled at the fare as first-growth Bordeaux flowed like water, ten cases of Chateau Petrus from a stellar year purchased at auction in New York and shipped to Nahir’s temperature-controlled, eight-thousand-bottle wine cellar for the party. After salad, lobster bisque, and curried shrimp, a small piece of seared pork belly was followed by ostrich in a truffle reduction, which in turn was trumped by poached Chilean sea bass, bluefin tuna, fugu prepared by a master Japanese chef skilled in the art of preparation of the poisonous pufferfish, and the final entrée course of Kobe beef filet.
Throughout dinner Maya kept a veiled eye on Nahir and the terrorists, who looked disgusted by the ostentatious display and as restless as she felt. When dessert had been served, paired with a brimming glass of Château d’Yquem Sauterne, she had already imagined fifty ways to kill them right there with her bare hands, and she had to remind herself that her mission was to destroy the agent, not slaughter the arms dealer and his clients. Although if she could, she intended to do both.
A contingent of guards ringed the grounds, their customary assault rifles exchanged for more discreet pistols so as not to alarm the guests, and she counted at least fifteen of the serious-looking men. She had little doubt that an equal number might be prowling the beach and perimeter wall, and for a moment she was overcome with despair. How was she supposed to prevail in the face of those odds? One woman, unarmed, against a platoon?
The answer, her inner voice assured her, is to be better than they are. Smarter.
After numerous toasts to Nahir’s continued good health and prosperity, the main musical attraction took the stage: a British pop legend whose career had spanned four decades, including marriages to supermodels and countless trips to rehab. A stir of excitement rose from the assembly, and Maya overheard one woman telling her husband that it had cost a million dollars to have him play a one-and-a-half hour set, plus expenses, the woman’s tone rising on the last word, as if the million wasn’t gratuitous but the expenses somehow were. Maya considered how many innocents had had to die at the working end of Nahir’s merchandise to pay for the party, and her disgust and resolve intensified as everyone stood and moved toward the stage.
Nahir led the terrorists into the house. Maya fought her way against the human tide, trailing them in, unwilling to let them out of her sight.
A steward stopped her on the veranda as they walked through the great room and out the front door. “Can I help you?” he asked, barring her way.
“I’m looking for the powder room.”
“Guests are being asked to use the pool facilities. I appreciate your understanding,” he said, a courtesy smile frozen in place, his tone firm.
Maya cursed silently and nodded. “All right. Thanks,” she said, and turned, the sequins on her dress glittering in the light from the crystal chandelier.
She’d need to work fast. There was no reason she could think of that Nahir would abandon his party when his favorite act was taking the stage except to coordinate a handoff. She skirted the crowd and worked her way to the bungalows after making a display of checking her slim clutch purse in front of the pool bathrooms and appearing not to find what she wanted.
Moments after entering the room, she stripped off her dress and donned her black pants and shirt. After confirming that there were no nearby guards, she hoisted herself out the back window and loped to the bamboo thicket where she’d buried the guard’s pistol in a plastic bag. She made quick work of disinterring it and chambered a round before creeping along the edge of the landscaping to the front of the villa.
Maya peered around a copse of trees in time to see Nahir returning to the house with only one of the terrorists. The rear gate was closing, and she waited as it shut before launching herself at the nearby perimeter wall and scrambling over. She landed softly, tucking and rolling to absorb the impact, and quickly made her way toward the rear gate, where three guards loitered outside, rifles in hand. She saw a dim light bouncing away down a trail eighty meters beyond – a golf cart or quad, she guessed.
She hastened into the brush and pushed her way through the high grass until she came to a footpath worn flat by the patrols. Once past the gate, Maya jogged along, her running shoes soundless on the powdery dirt, and when she rounded a bend that put jungle between herself and the villa, picked up her pace to a full sprint.
The eerie glow of the moon bathed her surroundings in a spectral light, and she could easily see tire tracks as she ran. She came over a slight rise and saw one of the suspect outbuildings on her right. Faint illumination seeped from a shuttered window. A lone guard at the door sat on a milk crate, his rifle in his lap as he lit a cigarette.
The sound of the band from the compound was faint, but sufficient to mask her footsteps as she crept around to the rear of the building. No windows there, but also no golf cart. She debated continuing down the path, but something tugged at her. There was a guard. That meant that even if this wasn’t where the nerve agent was being housed, there was something of value inside.
Or something that needed guarding for another reason.
The man shifted on his perch, listening to the distant music carried by a gentle wind that stirred the wash of elephant grass lining the cart trail. He stiffened when a thump issued from the brush across the path from him, and he stood, weapon in one hand, flashlight in the other, pointing both at the suspicious sound.
Maya was on him from behind before he had a chance to turn, her hand clamped over his mouth as she plunged the five-inch blade of the carbon-fiber knife from her luggage through the base of his skull, severing his spinal cord with the thrust. As he crumpled, his rifle and flashlight dropped onto the dirt next to him. Maya heaved his body toward the front entrance and propped the corpse in a sitting position on the milk crate, to a casual observer appearing to watch the trail with sightless eyes. She retrieved his weapon and flashlight and tried the door.
Locked.
She glanced at the dead guard and spotted a key ring dangling from his belt. The third one did the trick, and the door groaned inward as she pushed it open, leading with the rifle. A single overhead low-wattage bulb burned in a socket suspended by a ceiling wire, and the space smelled like urine, sweat, and the distinctive copper penny odor of blood.
Natasha lay on the concrete floor behind a barred jailhouse door. The clotted blood around her nose and mouth and bruises on her arms and legs were visible even in the dim light, as were cigarette burns that marred her once-beautiful face. She turned her one good eye to Maya and hacked a wet cough.
Maya fumbled through the keys until she found one that opened the door.
“Don’t try to talk,” she whispered as Natasha tried to speak, her ruined mouth obviously impeding her ability to form words. She moved next to her and knelt by her side.
“No…I…they have…it’s at…the next…building…”
“The gas?”
“Yes.”
“Fine. Let’s get you out of here. Can you walk?”
“I…I…maybe…”
Maya helped her to her feet, supporting her weight as she shuffled through the door. Once outside, Natasha paused and eyed the dead guard. “You…go. Leave me…”
Maya recognized the wisdom in Natasha’s order. She was in no condition to travel far, much less with any speed. Maya helped her a few meters, but it was clear that Natasha was out of the fight.
“Fine. I’ll come back for you.” Maya looked around. “We’ll get you into the underbrush. Hide, and if you hear anything, shoot. I’ll leave you my pistol.”
“No. You…may…need…”
“If an AK isn’t enough firepower, a lousy .40 caliber Browning isn’t going to help. Come on.”
They made it to the jungle. Natasha seemed to improve with every step of distance they put between her and the building, but she was still too frail to be much good. When Maya eased her into a sitting position at the base of a tree and placed the pistol in her hand, Natasha nodded her thanks.
“What…what’s happening?” she asked softly.
Maya explained about the terrorists with Nahir. When she finished, Maya asked the question that was burning her tongue. “Did you…tell them anything?”
Natasha shook her head with a wince. “No.”
Maya straightened and hefted the rifle. “Just sit tight. We’ll get out of this. You’ll see.”
“Be…careful…”
Maya disappeared into the night, the only sound the pounding of her running shoes and the far off wail of a guitar. A cold rage powered her as she raced down the dirt trail, the vision of Natasha’s brutalized form seared into her visual cortex as she prepared to inflict as much damage as possible on the men responsible for the atrocity that was now Natasha’s face.
 
Chapter 34
Three minutes later Maya rounded a twist in the track and found herself facing a long concrete building nearly reclaimed by the surrounding jungle. Three guards stood by a golf cart, weapons at the ready, while two more loaded a wooden crate onto the back as the terrorist watched.
Maya fingered the trigger guard of the Kalashnikov and considered the best way to take the men. She could easily cut them down with one long, sustained burst from the rifle, but then what? The gunfire would draw every guard on the island. If there was more of the nerve agent in the building, she would be forced to run before she could destroy it.
She was favoring killing everyone as her only option when the terrorist said something in a guttural tongue and hopped onto the passenger seat. One of the guards rounded the front and slipped behind the wheel, and she watched as the cart bounced down another trail leading toward the water. Maya swore as her quarry pulled out of range and disappeared. The guards returned to the card game the loading had interrupted.
Laughter and good-natured swearing echoed off the building as she skirted it soundlessly, and once she was out of sight of the guards, she resumed a flat-out run in pursuit of the cart. The dirt underfoot transitioned into pale sand in the moonlight, and suddenly she found herself moving parallel with the shore, looping back toward the villa, the sound of the concert increasing as she neared.
When she reached the point where the trail met the beach, the cart sat empty. She squinted and could make out the terrorist in a fiberglass dinghy, its little outboard putting as he reversed from the shore. She ducked into the brush as the driver trudged back to the cart and swung it around, returning up the track. Maya remained hidden as the little boat motored far out into the bay and pulled alongside an anchored fishing boat, a light faintly glowing in its ancient pilothouse.
Applause exploded from the compound as the singer’s distinctive rasp brought one of his signature ballads to a close. Maya stashed her rifle along the trail and ran to the shoreline, where a wooden skiff was half beached, its bow resting on the sand. She unfastened the line that secured it to a palm tree and pushed it into the water, then hopped aboard and used the oars to move it farther from land. When she was a minute off the beach, four pulls on the outboard started it with a roar, and she pointed it on a course thirty meters off the fishing boat’s darkened stern.
~ ~ ~
Putra waited amidships as two of the boat crewmen winched the crate over the railing and onto the corroded deck. The biohazard logo glowed in the moonlight. Enduring the arms merchant’s debauched circus had proved worth it – the weapon was now theirs. All else was preordained, and after being transported to the Philippines, it would bring the cursed Israelis to their knees. He grinned at the thought of the video they would upload on the web, taking credit for the attack and promising more to follow. A life’s ambition coming true, with only a few days at sea standing between him and the embassy’s destruction.
“Careful. Set it down easy. We don’t want to jar it any more than necessary,” he warned. The winch operator nodded as the other crewman guided the crate gently to the deck. Now all that remained was to get it into the hold, buried in fish so that in the unlikely event of a routine search it wouldn’t be discovered.
Putra heard an approaching motor over the noise of the concert and frowned. He removed a pistol from his waistband and peered into the darkness.
There. A boat, moving fast.
He pointed at the craft, and the two crewmen stopped, all eyes on the skiff as it cruised past the stern and continued further out to sea. The winch operator thumped the other on the chest as he leaned in and muttered a comment, and they both laughed.
Putra pocketed the Walther PPK and snapped at them. “All right. Let’s get it down into the hold. Open the hatch. Come on, we don’t have all night.”
The crewmen moved to the center of the aft deck and raised the panel above the hold. The stink of fish rot drifted up from the vessel’s bowels, and Putra turned away, sour bile rising in his throat at the stench. He breathed through his mouth as the winch operator raised the crate several inches off the deck and his partner swung the boom over the opening.
“Do you want to go down and clear a space?” the second man asked Putra, sniggering.
Putra shook his head and moved toward the pilothouse. Just outside the open door, he stopped and felt in his pocket for a small two-way radio. The speaker crackled, and he raised it to his lips.
“We have it onboard and are stowing it. We can leave as soon as you get to the boat. Over.”
A burst of static shrieked from the radio as Wira’s voice cut over the caterwauling of the band.
“Good work. I will bid goodnight to our host and be out shortly.”
Putra turned the radio off and returned it to his pocket. The apprehension that had been twisting in his gut all day seeped slowly away now that the most difficult part of the job was done.
~ ~ ~
Maya clutched the fishing boat’s hull near the transom, her hair dripping from the swim, waiting for the sound of the men working on deck to abate. She’d lashed the outboard throttle arm to the bench seat with a length of cord and dropped into the sea fifty meters from the boat. Her hope was the terrorist would see a skiff going for some night fishing and dismiss it as a threat, as would most when they saw that it never got close.
She’d swum under the surface for most of the distance, her lungs burning from the exertion, fighting the instinct to burst from the water and gasp cool air. The few times she’d risked drawing breath she’d flipped onto her back just before breaching, and had poked only her nose and mouth out of the water.
A loud clank echoed through the hull as the deck hatch slammed home. The whine of the winch motor preceded a squeak as the boom swung back into place, and then three sets of footsteps trudged to the pilothouse. Maya listened for anything more and, after several minutes of quiet, pulled herself from the water.
She poked her head above the railing and surveyed the deck area, which as she’d expected was empty. She crawled onto the flat metal surface and steadied herself as the big boat rocked with the swell. During her swim, Maya had improvised a way to destroy the nerve agent without the thermite grenades, and now all that was left was to put her scheme into motion. Of course, the fact that she was unarmed and alone on a ship with an armed terrorist and an unknown number of crew made it more convoluted than she’d have liked, but no plan was ever perfect.
Maya crept forward until she was near the pilothouse, but was startled by the terrorist stepping through the doorway. She flattened herself into a two-foot depression along the cabin wall and held her breath, praying that her wet footprints weren’t noticeable to eyes adjusting to the dark after emerging from the illumination of the pilothouse.
The terrorist tensed as he brushed past, perhaps sensing her in the gloom, and then she was grappling with him as he twisted with an alarmed cry, trying to get loose. Her left hand gripped his greasy hair, and she slammed the heel of her hand into the base of his neck, forcing a grunt of pain and silencing him as he pulled free and lunged away, his hand fumbling for his gun. Her foot caught him squarely between the legs, and he made a sound like a hurt puppy. She instantly followed with two brutal blows to his kidneys with stiffened fingers.
He pitched forward onto the deck, and the side of his head struck the metal with a thump. She dropped down hard on him with her knee in the small of his back, eliciting a muffled groan of pain. His hand groped feebly at the bulge in his pocket, but Maya smashed his skull against the steel, again and again, until he lay still.
One of the crewmen stuck his head out of the pilothouse door to investigate the commotion and froze, his eyes saucered in the moonlight at the sight of a soaking wet woman glaring hate at him as she stood over the terrorist’s body.
And then she was in motion, pulling the gun free with a rip of fabric, and he found himself staring down the Walther PPK’s barrel.
Maya motioned with the pistol for him to step out of the pilothouse, and to her surprise he complied, the terror in his eyes genuine. He began babbling in his native tongue, but she held a finger to her lips, and he quieted. His gaze strayed from the gun to the body, and he began trembling. Maya approached him, and he closed his eyes, his lips quivering. One hard blow to the temple with the gun butt and he fell to the walkway, unconscious.
She stepped over him and swung into the pilothouse, where an older man sat smoking at a small table, a soda can on its scarred wood surface. Maya whispered to him in Arabic.
“How many crew?”
He shook his head, cigarette frozen in his hand midway to his mouth.
She tried again in French. Nothing.
Her plan hadn’t factored in a failure to communicate. The man leaned forward and said a single word.
“Engrish.”
Maya nodded. “How many men inside?”
He held up three fingers.
“Any guns?”
He shook his head, not understanding. She pointed to the Walther. He shook his head again.
“Call them. No tricks or I shoot you first.”
He nodded and barked a few words down the ladder that led to the galley and bunks. Her eyes narrowed at the sound of movement below her, and then the first of the fishermen poked his head out of the passageway. She held the pistol behind her, out of view, and he climbed up, followed by two more crewmen – thin, obviously poor, their skin sun-burnished the color of saddle leather.
Maya showed the men the gun and gestured for them to go outside. They didn’t need coaxing after seeing the weapon. She wagged the gun at the smoking man, whom she presumed was the captain.
“Out.”
He rose and walked to the open doorway, hesitated as though he was going to say something, and then continued through. The men were standing alongside the pilothouse staring at the downed crewman. Maya addressed the captain.
“Have them carry him to the deck. He’ll live. But toss the dead one overboard.”
The captain barked an order, and two of the men complied, lifting their companion and carrying him aft while the captain and the third crewman picked the dead terrorist up by the arms and feet and slung him unceremoniously over the rail. Maya watched the body float away and then followed the men to the dark rear deck. The crewman she’d struck had come to, and the captain was kneeling by him, checking his pupils. Maya spoke slowly.
“Get net floats. You’re going swimming. You can reach the shore in an hour, but stay away from the buildings. They’ll shoot you. By tomorrow it will be safe.”
The captain stood and snapped at his men, who retrieved five circular orange floats. Maya held the gun on him. “Over the side.”
The men scrambled over the gunwale and dropped into the water with a splash. She watched them paddle away and then tucked the gun into her waistband and hurried to the pilothouse. After a quick scan of the area, she spotted what she was after and dropped down into the crew area, where she found a tin of kerosene for the stove and a metal toolbox. She opened it, removed a screwdriver and a hammer, and carried the tools and the kerosene to the engine compartment. Once inside, Maya felt around in the dark space and located the massive stainless steel fuel tank. She removed the line that carried fuel to the engine and punched a hole through the top of the tank with the screwdriver and hammer. Diesel began trickling out of the hose line. Two more holes in the side of the tank and streams of fuel were gushing into the engine bilge.
The stink of diesel now overwhelming, she backed out of the compartment and poured kerosene along the floor of the passage, and then dumped the remainder on the galley floor. She ascended the ladder that led back to the pilothouse and detached the flare gun from its position on the wall, and was preparing to insert a flare into its fat barrel when she heard a thump from the stern.
Maya backed away from the pilothouse doorway to the opposite side of the cabin as an outboard motor revved and moved away from the fishing vessel. She held her breath as cautious footsteps sounded on the deck. Her eyes swept the pilothouse for an escape route, the kerosene fumes wafting from the companionway nearly choking her as the footsteps approached.
~ ~ ~
Wira watched the skiff that had ferried him to the fishing boat return to the villa, quickly disappearing in the darkness, its engine droning. The boat was eerily quiet as he approached the dimly lit pilothouse.
“Putra?” he called. “Have the captain pull the dinghy up, and let’s get going.” When he reached the doorway, he was surprised to find the pilothouse empty. He cocked his head, listening. Everyone had to be downstairs.
He entered and the odor of kerosene assaulted him. “What the hell…?”
He heard movement behind him and spun as he whipped a revolver from his jacket pocket. His shot went wide, ricocheting off the metal bulkhead, narrowly missing the soaking wet young woman in the doorway pointing a gun at him.
The Walther barked twice and searing pain spiked through his chest. He tried to squeeze off another shot, but his fingers wouldn’t obey his brain’s command. A third shot rang out from the woman’s gun, and an icy stab of agony flashed in his left eye, and then he fell backward, dead before his head slammed against the steel floor.
Maya approached the corpse and stood over it, pausing to toe the revolver away from the body before finishing her hasty preparations.
The hatch that sealed the hold required substantial effort to open. The twenty-liter can filled with gasoline for the dinghy outboard took less. After pushing the hatch aside, she lowered herself into the stinking hold and quickly found the crate. The hammer and screwdriver made short work of the wood, and she pried the lid off easily, revealing white polystyrene peanuts within. She cleared away several handfuls and saw a glint of blue metal from a container nestled in the protective foam.
The canister was heavier than she would have thought, the steel thick enough to prevent accidental punctures. She heaved it above and slid it onto the deck, and then clambered out of the hold, anxious to draw the clean sea air into her lungs.
Two minutes later the canister rested in the engine room. She returned to the pilothouse and dumped gasoline down the companionway and into the galley. Leaving a wide trail as she moved along the exterior walkway, she finally sloshed the last of it onto the deck, the raw fumes causing her eyes to water.
She dropped to where the first terrorist’s dinghy was tied to the side of the fishing boat. After she’d rowed it ten meters from the larger vessel, she started the motor. The little engine idled quietly as she pointed the flare gun at the rear deck, steadied her aim, and fired. The white hot phosphorous streaked toward the boat and struck the superstructure before it bounced off and landed on the deck.
The gasoline ignited with a whoosh, and Maya watched as fire followed her trail of fuel and engulfed the pilothouse, tongues of orange flame licking from the open doorways.
She put the outboard in gear and twisted the throttle, putting distance between herself and the boat, and was fifty meters away when the diesel caught, followed by an explosion from deep inside the hull as the compressed gas in the canister superheated and detonated.
 
Chapter 35
Nahir beamed as he watched the singer bop and strut, the aging icon’s stovepipe black jeans and red jacket gliding along the stage with practiced ease, his rooster-spiked chemically blond hair gleaming in the spotlight as his band brought the song to a crescendo. Nahir absently fondled Courtney’s behind with his hand, and was about to say something when a boom sounded from across the water and a mushroom cloud of flame ballooned into the night several kilometers away.
The crowd gasped and began applauding, thinking the fireworks that ended the live entertainment portion of his fête had begun early, but Nahir’s expression as he swung around looking for Carla was anything but amused. She caught his eye and hurried to his side as the band played on, committed to delivering every dime of their host’s million dollars’ worth of entertainment.
“What the hell was that?” he hissed as she sidled next to him.
“I have no idea. It looks like one of the anchored boats might have caught fire.”
“Idiots,” he said, unconvinced. He peered at his watch and shook his head. “Offer my condolences to my guests. Tell them I was called away for an emergency. I’ll return soon.”
“You’re leaving?” she asked, surprised.
“I think that’s prudent. I don’t believe in coincidences, so better safe…”
Her eyes narrowed. “What’s going on, Nahir?”
“Probably nothing. Like you said, a boat. Someone smoking where they shouldn’t have been. Happens all the time. Now, if you’ll excuse me…”
“When will you be back?” Carla asked.
“Shortly. When I’m sure what happened. See to it that the booze keeps flowing, and offer my apologies.”
Nahir took a final glance at the singer and edged through the crowd to the villa, where Gohar was already standing by the pocket doors speaking into a radio, his eyes locked on his master.
~ ~ ~
Maya beached the dinghy and was running on the sand before the sound of the dying motor’s sputter had faded. She’d almost made it when a glaring white light flicked on and framed her in its beam, blinding her. She was reaching for the Walther when an amplified voice called out in English.
“Don’t try it. There are rifles trained on you. Toss the weapon onto the sand, or we’ll cut you down.”
She hesitated.
“Do it. Final warning.”
Maya removed the little pistol from the waist of her pants and dropped it next to her.
“Lie face down. Now.”
Maya did as instructed. Running footsteps approached, and then a blow struck the back of her head, knocking her senseless.
 
Chapter 36
When Maya regained consciousness she was tied to a wooden chair, her wrists bound to the arms with nylon cord. The air felt heavy and oppressive, like a leaden blanket, and her nose detected a familiar odor – the repugnant stench of Natasha’s cell. She opened her eyes to find Nahir studying her like something out of a test tube. Next to him a thin man with a malevolent smirk stood with his arms crossed, a cigarette trailing tendrils of smoke dangling from his lips, an attack dog waiting for the command to kill.
Nahir stepped forward, his glare more annoyed than enraged, and casually backhanded her. She licked a fleck of blood from her lower lip but didn’t offer him any other reaction, her eyes dead.
“It appears you’ve had a busy night, my dear. I hope it was worth it,” Nahir sneered. “It will be your last on the planet. Or at least you’ll wish it had been after I get through with you.”
No response.
“I’m going to ask you one time, and then I’ll turn you over to Hamid here. He enjoys hurting young things like you even more than I do, and he’s anxious to begin. So be very careful how you respond. If you tell the truth, I’ll ensure you have a quick, painless death.” Nahir glowered at her. “And don’t pretend you don’t understand. You had to speak English to get the job.”
Maya retreated further into the protective shell of her mind. Do what you like to my body, she thought. You have no power over me in here.
Nahir cleared his throat and enunciated very carefully. “Who are you working for?”
These are the same animals that savaged Natasha. They deal in death. Don’t give them the satisfaction of a reply.
Maya blinked but remained silent. Nahir nodded, and Hamid punched her. The blow split the skin over her cheekbone, rattling her teeth and causing her to choke. Tears welled in her eyes as she struggled for air, coughing, and the two men watched her with satisfaction. When she was finally able to breathe, she spit blood at Nahir’s feet.
Nahir’s voice was a velvet croon. “I see you don’t understand the rules of the game, or you think you’re some kind of hero. Here’s reality: this isn’t a movie where you escape at the last minute. Unless you tell us what we want to know, you will die in this hellhole when my men get tired of raping and torturing you. I would lead them in this, but you dented my birthday plans, so it would appear prudent to take my leave of the island. But I promise you, you’ll be brutalized in ways you never imagined possible. I’ve instructed Hamid to peel your living skin off and make you eat it for his amusement, and believe me, you’ll be begging for death when he’s finished.” He paused. “And you accomplished nothing. There is still plenty of the gas left, so your sacrifice has been in vain. Now. One. Last. Time. Who are you working for? MI-6? Mossad? CIA?”
Maya closed her eyes, not wanting to know when the next blow came. She was sure that Nahir wasn’t joking about what lay in store for her, but she wouldn’t give him the satisfaction of seeing her display any emotion.
Another backhand from Nahir knocked her head to the side.
He glanced at his watch and turned to Hamid in disgust. “The helicopter is waiting. I must go. Make her suffer. Film it so I can enjoy it later. Start with cigarettes, then electrodes, then move to acid. She will talk.”
Nahir stalked off, his composure slipping, and pushed open the jail door. When he was almost at the exit, Maya spoke, her voice low.
“I’ll see you in hell, scum.”
He stopped and laughed, genuinely amused. “Perhaps. But you’ll be waiting a long time.” He seemed to consider saying something more and then thought better of it. When Nahir had gone, Hamid took a final puff on his cigarette and ground it beneath his foot.
He moved next to her, his face close, reeking of body odor, nicotine, and rot. His breath was like an open grave, and she winced in spite of herself.
“Do you know what I like? A girl who hates me. Who feels violated when I touch her. With Nahir gone, I will draw this out for days. And frankly I don’t care if you ever answer. In fact, I’m not going to ask you any questions. I don’t want to know.”
He moved to the corner of the room and opened a toolbox. When he straightened, he was holding a blowtorch and a straight razor crusted with blood.
He smiled when he saw a flicker in her eyes. “Ah, I see you recognize your friend’s blood. What I did to her is nothing compared to what I have in store for you. A warm-up.” He paused, savoring the moment. “And I’m not even going to bother with the cigarettes. Why waste them? I’ll roast parts of you that you never knew existed, and then take you over and over again while you scream for the mercy of death. I think it’s safe to say this isn’t your lucky day.”
Maya coughed. “You won’t get anything out of me.”
“Didn’t you hear me? I don’t care.” He laughed, an ugly humorless sound. “But you’re wrong. I’m going to get so much out of you it will surprise you. For starters, a movie to add to my considerable collection. Which I’ll make lots of money selling to collectors. And the moments we will share together – the memories. Some things are priceless.” He grinned, his wormlike lips like maggots framing his mouth, his teeth yellowed from cigarettes and ringed with decay, and set the knife and torch down. He shouldered through the jail door and returned with a video camera on a tripod, which he took his time setting up, humming to himself.
When he finished, he studied the screen and made a small adjustment and then exited the cell again. The work lamp he carried in had dried blood spattered on the shaft. He set it against the wall and switched it on, brightening the squalid cell.
Two pops sounded from outside, and then another. Hamid stooped to retrieve the torch from the floor. “The fireworks are starting. It’s a shame you’ll be missing such a beautiful display. Every birthday, it’s like New Year’s Eve over the island.”
A rattle from the entrance drew his attention. His eyes widened in disbelief when Natasha limped through the door, pistol in hand. He instinctively moved his hands in front of him as though he could deflect the bullets; she shot him in the chest, no hesitation or mercy. The shot was deafening in the confines of the chamber, but even so Maya could hear the scream of pain as he fell against the back wall, dropping the torch. Natasha entered the cell, and her eyes locked on the razor. She knelt wordlessly and picked it up and then turned to Maya and slashed the ropes binding her to the chair. Maya pulled free and stood.
Natasha nodded to her. “The guards…have guns. Dead. Take your pick.”
Maya probed her jaw and the back of her head with her hand.
“Thank you.”
Hamid whimpered from where he was curled in a fetal position, blood slowly pooling beneath him. Natasha held up the razor and then saw the torch. She scooped it up and then looked at Maya.
“Leave him to me.”
Maya glanced at the torch and at Natasha’s broken face covered in burns and crusted blood, and nodded.
“He said he was going to make me beg for death.”
Maya made for the exit. She was relieving one of the fallen guards of his pistol and rifle, slipping the extra magazines in her side pockets, when the first shriek sounded from the cell, an otherworldly scream that would linger in her memory like the look in Natasha’s eyes when they’d exchange their last glance.
Another scream drifted from the doorway, this one weaker, and Maya stood and inspected the Romanian AIMS assault rifle she’d chosen. Satisfied, she chambered a round in the SIG Sauer pistol and bolted down the trail, disappearing into the night.
 
Chapter 37
The AIMS bucked in Maya’s hands as she emptied the first magazine, cutting down three of the five guards outside the building where the gas was stored, the 7.62mm rounds pounding into them as they tried to return fire. Slugs whistled around her as she ejected the magazine, slapped another in place, and picked off another shooter, targeting his muzzle flash.
Maya rolled as an answering volley shredded the spot where she’d been and saw that the last guard was using the corner of the building for cover. That left a standoff, but she didn’t have time to wait for him to make a slip. She rose and took careful steps through the jungle, trying to remain silent even though she knew the man’s ears had to be ringing as badly as hers from the gunfire.
There. She had a clear shot. He jerked backward like a marionette as rounds thumped into his torso, and she was already moving by the time he tumbled backward into the dirt.
The door was locked, and she found no keys on the dead men. Aware that the firefight would draw others within moments, she shot the door apart and kicked it open.
The interior was pitch black. She felt along the wall and was rewarded when her fingers found a junction box. Maya flipped the switch, and the room was bathed in light.
Stacks of wooden crates lined the walls. She moved to the nearest and saw the Cyrillic letters for Russian RPGs – Ruchnoy Protivotankovyy Granatomyot: Transliterated into English, rocket-propelled grenades. Handheld antitank grenade launchers. Other, longer crates contained surface-to-air missiles, next to which were landmines, assault rifles, heavy machine guns…enough weapons to fight a small war.
At the far end of the chamber, two wooden crates with the distinctive biohazard symbol embossed on their sides rested along the back wall with their tops pried off. Next to them lay formed polystyrene inserts, each with cavities for two cylinders – six in all. One of the canisters was now a molten blob aboard the fishing boat, and she was willing to bet the arms merchant had taken the rest.
And he’d said something about a helicopter.
Nahir hadn’t returned down the trail that led to the villa, or she would have spotted him. So he must have taken another. Which meant that he’d doubtlessly heard the firefight and was even now loading his precious cargo, readying for takeoff somewhere nearby.
She extinguished the light and moved to the doorway. If there was another path, it had to be in the opposite direction from the one that led to the complex. Moments later she’d spotted the other trail and was running flat out, her legs burning from the exertion, determined that Nahir not get away.
The night closed in around her as she came over a rise, the canopy so thick overhead that the moon’s glow was blocked. She heard the distinctive thumping of a helicopter ahead. Maya slowed as she reached the edge of a clearing, where a golf cart was parked a few meters away from a burgundy Bell 407 helicopter, its turbine idling.
Nahir stood by the cockpit door and was turning toward her when the darkness around him exploded with muzzle flashes, the stiff rattle of assault rifles announcing that her arrival hadn’t gone unnoticed. Rounds zipped by her as she took cover behind a tree and returned fire. She’d seen at least three guards, but they were out in the open, obviously not expecting her to make it there that quickly. Slugs tore into the tree trunk. Maya held her fire and then dropped to one knee and let loose a volley from a prone position at the gunmen scurrying away from the helicopter.
Maya took a deep breath as the revs of the aircraft’s engine increased, and emptied her rifle in one sustained burst at the shooters. Two of the men went down, and she was seating another magazine when the helicopter’s side door swung shut and it began to lift into the air. She continued firing at the surviving guard until he stopped shooting back. Dropping her rifle aside, she groped for the tube strapped across her chest.
The Bell was airborne, fifteen meters above the ground and picking up speed when it exploded in a supernova of orange flame. Multiple detonations rocked the chopper as it dropped like a stone, the high-pressure nerve gas canisters exploding as the fuel tank immolated the cabin. Maya was already scooping up her rifle and turning away when the burning aircraft slammed into the field.
She threw one final glance over her shoulder at the flaming wreckage belching smoke into the sky and took off at a trot. It was obvious that no one would be walking away from the conflagration, and she saw nothing to be gained waiting around for the weapons dealer’s entourage to make it over the hill – because of the topography, the explosion wouldn’t have been visible at the villa, but even with the hubbub from the party, someone was bound to have heard.
Besides, she still had several errands to attend to; even if Nahir was now just a molten smudge in the dirt, his private army was still a threat.
Maya ran easily, the night air crisp as she neared the fork in the road next to the arms storage building. She paused when she reached it but heard nothing – no revving engines or shouts of alarm.
She took the branch that led to the bunker where she’d left Natasha. When she arrived, she leaned into the doorway and called out.
“Natasha?”
A scrape from inside followed a rustle, and Natasha appeared, pistol in hand, Hamid’s boots on her feet, drying blood drops staining her forearms. Maya told her about the gunfight and the helicopter, studying Natasha’s ravaged face and ashen complexion as she spoke.
“The guards are going to go berserk when they discover Nahir’s dead,” Natasha warned, her voice stronger than earlier. “We need to get off the island.”
“I need to send the satellite signal.”
“Too risky.”
“It has to be done. If it’s even possible without the remote.”
“You can do it manually,” Natasha said and explained how.
“I’ll meet you at the water. You think you can make it?”
“Not much choice, is there?”
Maya hesitated. “And Hamid?”
Natasha shrugged. “Gone to his reward. No doubt stoking the fire for Nahir’s eternity.”
Maya nodded. “Hopefully this won’t take more than twenty minutes.”
“Take your time.”
Maya nodded and checked her rifle’s magazine and then turned and began jogging down the trail that led back to the villa, leaving Natasha to make her own way down the winding track to the shore.
 
Chapter 38
Two golf carts hurtled toward Maya as she approached the villa grounds. She’d seen their headlights and taken cover in the brush, but could hear chattering radios and excited voices as they rolled past her hiding place, no doubt rushing to investigate the helicopter crash.
Blue and green neon starbursts exploded overhead as the fireworks began. Maya continued through the jungle, skirting the back gate, darting from shadow to shadow with the fluid lope of a panther. She covered the ground to the junction box in a few anxious minutes. After pausing to confirm that nobody was patrolling the area, she leaned the AIMS rifle against the structure’s side and scrambled to the top. The transmitter was where she’d left it, and she flipped it over, recalling Natasha’s explanation of how to activate it.
There.
She felt for the power button and depressed it.
A green LED blinked, indicating that the message was transmitting, bouncing off an orbiting sphere far above her in the heavens. Maya set the unit back in place and dropped to the ground, the clock now started on the Indonesian navy steaming their way – assuming all went well, which so far hadn’t been the case.
Flashlight beams played across the plants near the junction box. She ducked as one skimmed over the thicket to her left. Hushed voices from the path by the wall neared as the lights moved to the structure and lingered on it. She peered over her shoulder and could just make out the tip of her rifle barrel leaning against the side – hopefully sufficiently out of sight.
A twig snapped as a heavy body shouldered through the bushes ahead of her. Maya inched toward the rifle, but froze when the lights resumed playing over the tall grass. A pair of muddy boots materialized a meter to her left, moving cautiously in the direction of the junction structure. She slid her hand to the SIG Sauer P226 pistol nestled in her waistband and drew it.
Static crackled from the nearby guard’s radio, and an alarmed voice shouted from the tinny speaker. Maya used the distraction to cock the pistol’s hammer. Another guard clumped by her, and a strained murmured discussion ensued only a hair’s breadth from her position – the news of the helicopter crash must have just reached them.
The men hissed back and forth in a subdued exchange, and after a pause their boots tromped back to the trail at a rapid clip, caution abandoned. Maya silently thanked the universe for the small reprieve and then stiffened when one of the guards swung his light back to the junction and hissed a warning to his companion.
The SIG Sauer barked as she fired as rapidly as she could, rising to a kneeling position and steadying her aim with a two-handed grip at the men’s silhouettes barely visible against the darker backdrop of vegetation. The 9mm Parabellum rounds dropped them both, and they collapsed into the grass without getting off a shot.
One of the men’s radios burped static, followed by a terse interrogative. Maya lunged for her rifle and was on her feet before the transmission fell silent. She knew the area would be surrounded within moments – her only edge lay in her ability to move faster than her pursuers, and she wasted no time springing into action.
She plunged straight into the underbrush, having reasoned that the guards would come down the trail rather than through the jungle. With luck she could outflank them and use any confusion to her advantage.
A voice cried out from the wall path thirty meters to her left – an amateur move that told her much about the caution of the remaining gunmen. Her eyes searched for a clear way through the dense foliage. She ducked behind a tree when she heard men running nearby, waited until they’d passed, and continued pushing deeper into the jungle, away from the compound.
Maya emerged from a thicket and spotted a faint game trail that led in the direction she wanted. She followed it until she was well past the villa gate and paused, checking for any signs of pursuers. After a tense hesitation she cut across to the cart trail and followed it to the arms depot, where the dead guards still lay sprawled around the building.
She darted inside and returned several moments later with two grenades and a land mine. Maya slipped the grenades into her pockets and moved to the beach trail, where she hurriedly created a shallow depression with her rifle stock and seated the mine.
Maya armed the metal disk and covered it with sand, and then returned to the bunker. She could hear shouts from the villa grounds, but nothing close enough to pose a threat. Satisfied that she’d eluded anyone giving chase, she extracted one of the grenades from her pocket, pulled the pin, and rolled it through the door. She spun as bouncing lights approached from the track that led to the helicopter crash site and sprinted down the beach trail, taking care to give the mine a wide berth as she picked up speed.
The whump of the grenade detonating inside the building was instantly followed by a massive blast as the crates exploded in a chain reaction, blowing the corrugated steel roof off and sending a huge fireball roiling into the night sky. Maya squinted to retain what she could of her night vision. The glow from the blast framed her as she ran, a grim smile tugging at the corners of her mouth as she raced into the darkness.
 
Chapter 39
Maya reached the long stretch of beach that ran along the harbor. The water lay black and placid, and a slice of tangerine moon peeked from between high scattered clouds reflecting off the glassy surface. The harbor was still, which didn’t surprise her. The security force was likely keeping everyone from leaving until they’d figured out a coherent reaction to the night’s events – for the guests’ protection, of course.
The pier was empty, the beach deserted other than a contingent of guards milling around several hundred meters away near the compound gate. Maya was sure that between the shootout, the helicopter crash, and the ammo depot blast they had to be in disarray, with more than a few of the mercenaries questioning their commitment to a dead employer.
“Natasha,” she whispered, “where are you?”
The rifle felt heavy in her hand as she waited for a response. A dark clump of vegetation down the beach rustled, and Natasha limped into view, pistol clutched in her hand.
“I heard shooting. Didn’t know whether I’d see you again,” Natasha said.
Maya shrugged. “I ran into some company after sending the signal.”
“I figured. I gather the explosion was you…taking care of the weapons cache.”
“I hate to think of all that ordnance falling into the wrong hands.”
“No question.”
Maya eyed Natasha. “What about you?”
“I’m alive.”
“Can you make it to the pier?”
“Made it this far.” Natasha hesitated. “What are you thinking?”
Maya looked at the harbor. “Nice night for a boat ride.”
“Why not stay put?”
“No telling how long it’ll take for the cavalry to come over the hill, and right now we’re sitting ducks.” Maya paused. “Do you know where the Mossad boat is?”
Natasha shook her head. “Not a boat. Two agents in Kijang, over on Pulau Bintan – the big island fifteen clicks north.”
Maya’s brow furrowed. “How’s that supposed to help us?”
“They have clout with the navy. It’s not like they’re going to paraglide in.”
“So they’re passive on this op?”
Natasha nodded.
Maya ground her teeth. “Then we’ll go to them. Come on.”
She put her arm around Natasha and helped her to the pier. As they stepped onto the planks, an explosion sounded from the trail.
“Mine,” Maya explained. “Now lie down and don’t move. You should be practically invisible in this light. I’m going to steal a boat.” Her eyes searched the harbor until they settled on the darkened Viking sport fisher moored at the far end. “I’ll be right back.”
Two wooden skiffs lay beached near the breakwater wall, their hulls halfway up on the powdery sand. Maya pushed the smaller into the water and began rowing toward the pier. She was halfway to the jetty when voices at the pier entrance yelled in Bahasa Indonesia, and then again in English.
“Stop or we shoot!”
Maya ducked and groped for her rifle. Shots rang out from the pier – pistol shots, followed immediately by the chatter of assault rifles. A man screamed in pain as bullets sprayed geysers of water around the skiff and then thumped into the hull.
Maya couldn’t return fire due to the angle; she was pinned down, a sitting duck. More rounds splintered the wood by her head, and she cringed, only inches away from being cut to ribbons. Another pistol shot cracked from the pier, followed by a burst of rifle fire. Two more pistol shots echoed in the darkness, and the gunfire abruptly stopped.
Maya peered over the bow. Nothing moved on the pier or the shore. She resumed rowing, a sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach. When she reached the pilings, she tied off the bow line and climbed the ladder, drawing her pistol when she reached the top. Her gaze moved down the wooden stretch to where two men lay twisted halfway down the pier, and she pieced together what must have happened: the guards had spotted the boat, and Natasha had engaged when she’d seen them preparing to shoot Maya to pieces.
She crawled to where Natasha had collapsed. Maya turned her over, knowing from the feel of her body that it was too late. Multiple bullet wounds and a lifeless expression confirmed the worst. She reached out and closed Natasha’s open eye, and then the sound of men running toward the pier from the villa jarred her out of the moment.
Maya dropped down the ladder and was rowing away in seconds. Her shoulders strained as she pulled with all her might, cutting across the water in grim silence. Three minutes later she climbed aboard the Viking, the skiff abandoned. She checked her ammunition – most of the rifle magazine full but only one spare remaining – and tried the cabin door, which wasn’t locked. She entered the dark salon and quickly located the breaker panel in an enclosure near the door. She flipped on the mains and returned to the deck to cast off the aft tie and, once it was free, moved forward to remove the bow line.
The heavy nylon rope sank into the depths, leaving the float bobbing on the surface. Maya returned to the cockpit, climbed the ladder to the flybridge, and familiarized herself with the layout, working calmly and methodically, doing her best to ignore the flashlight beams on the distant pier. She activated the bilge blower and was relieved to find the fan nearly silent. When she thumbed the starter buttons for the engines, she wasn’t so lucky, and the big diesels roared to life before settling into a steady growl.
Maya eased the transmissions into gear and pointed the bow at the mouth of the harbor. The hull sliced the inky surface with a hiss as she neared the opening, the outline of the rocks unmistakable against the swell. By the time shooting from the pier began, the big yacht was already out of range, and the rifle rounds sizzled harmlessly around the transom as she cleared the breakwater and jammed the throttles forward. The boat surged like an eager colt, and moments later she cut through the waves at thirty knots, the GPS and depth finder glowing beside her, Pulau Bintan less than twenty minutes away.
The flybridge flooded with white light as the blinding glare from a spotlight behind her turned night into day. Maya shielded her eyes with her hand and saw a small speedboat gaining on her. She wondered momentarily whether it might be the navy, but got her answer when slugs tore into the cockpit – official vessels didn’t fire on random boats, even in Indonesia.
She firewalled the throttles, and the big boat accelerated to thirty-five and then over forty knots, barreling through the swells at wide-open speed. Maya twisted the wheel erratically, steering the yacht on a serpentine course with no rhyme or rhythm, presenting an almost impossible target for the pursuit boat, which would have to contend not only with her zigzagging but also the considerable wake the Viking was throwing, a geyser of water towering in a two-story-tall rooster tail behind her.
More gunfire chattered from the other vessel. Maya twisted and steadied her rifle against the railing and fired off three bursts, trying to hit the searchlight. A line of slugs from the chase boat tore into the sea beside the Viking, and the cabin glass shattered beneath her as several rounds smacked into the flybridge console by her legs. Maya emptied the rifle and returned her attention to evasion, jerking the boat around like a feather in a windstorm.
The other, nimbler craft was gaining on her, and she was exposed, steering from a position where it was only a matter of time until a lucky shot got her. She eyed the GPS. Within three minutes, tops, she’d have to slow as she entered the treacherous narrow straits southwest of Pulau Kelong.
Another volley pounded into the ruined salon below in a spray of fiberglass.
She needed to get off the water.
Risking letting go of the wheel again, she ejected the spent magazine and seated her last, each of its thirty rounds a potential lifesaver. The dark shape of a small island appeared from nowhere on her right, and the depth sounder alarm shrieked, signaling that she was in dangerously shallow water. She steered hard left, and the boat leaned over, grudgingly obeying at the limits of its handling as more bullets peppered the transom.
One more minute. She only had to last sixty seconds and it would be a different ballgame. Maya swung around and loosed a ten-round burst as she entered the calmer water between the islands, and the spotlight winked out. Now the scales were more balanced, Maya thought. She took another glance at the GPS, and when the timing was right, steered left again.
Maya could just make out a strait, three hundred meters wide, dead ahead. She counted to ten and spun the wheel right, hoping she’d timed it correctly.
There. An even narrower gap between a tiny bump of land and a larger island. She backed off her speed as she entered the small channel. Revs from the boat behind her confirmed it had followed her in, and she pointed the bow at a spit of pale beach barely visible in the darkness ahead.
The Viking was doing eighteen knots when the rising bottom sheared off the propellers and rudders, and twelve when the bow ground into the sand. Maya was already sliding down the front slope of the flybridge as the boat came to rest, yawing to port at a forty-degree angle. She leapt off the bow and hit the ground running as the chase boat approached the shore, and was crashing through the jungle by the time it came to a stop.
Gunfire rattled from the darkness, but the shooters had no target or light. Maya took cover behind a rock outcropping and let them exhaust their ammo supply shooting into the Viking and the surrounding vegetation. She freed the SIG Sauer and her remaining grenade and, when the shooting finally stopped, readied herself.
Two splashes from the boat announced they were coming. She peered from behind a frond and saw a pair of guards knee-deep in the water, moving toward the beach. When they reached the Viking’s hull, she fired a sustained burst from her rifle, cutting them both down. Maya was on her feet and bolting to the other side of the Viking by the time the surviving gunmen opened up at her, and was no more than eight meters from them when she threw the grenade.
The detonation ripped the pursuit boat in two. The blast hurled the remaining guards into the air, already dying as they cartwheeled amidst the fireball. She took in the carnage impassively, keeping the rifle trained on the flaming hulk until it was nothing more than smoldering wreckage, and then slowly sat on the sand and watched it sink.
Ten minutes later she waded into the water, her shoes tied together around her neck, a life vest from the Viking strapped across her chest. A stippling of stars glimmered in the heavens as she kicked away from the beach for the three-kilometer swim to Pulau Kelong, the eighty-three degree water more than comfortable for a leisurely nocturnal swim.
 
Chapter 40
Tel Aviv, Israel
Banks of high gray clouds blew across the afternoon sky as sea birds rode updrafts, scouting far from shore for any delicacies left in dumpsters or dropped on the sidewalks after the lunch hour was over. Traffic had thinned, and only an occasional vehicle rolled down the street as an approaching storm quieted the air. A white plastic bag drifted along, carried by the breeze, and Maya watched its progress from her vantage point near the picture window, the windblown sack no more in control of its destiny than she was.
Lev finished reading the report while Maya sipped her tea. The café was empty at 3:30 p.m., so they had the seating area to themselves. He paused at the last page and eyed her over the top of the folder before he removed his reading glasses, slipped the pages back into his briefcase, and snapped it closed.
“I’m rarely speechless,” he said.
She waited.
“First of all, congratulations. This was a truly amazing performance if even half the account’s true.”
“It’s all true.”
“You took out…what…fifteen armed men over the course of two hours, destroyed the nerve agent, killed the arms dealer as well as two infamous terrorists…”
“It might have been more. I stopped counting. And Natasha helped. It’s not like I did it single-handedly.”
“Of course not,” Lev agreed. “Although she wasn’t involved in bringing down the helicopter?”
“She was badly wounded. It’s all in my report. I’m sure she would have been there if she’d been able to.”
“Yes. I saw that. And the weapons cache…?”
“A grenade. Five seconds. She was in bad shape by then.”
“The terrorists’ fishing boat?”
“A little gasoline and a flare. Anyone could have done that bit.”
He nodded agreeably. “Right. Anyone.”
She shrugged. “I got good training.”
Lev sat back, studying her. “And after all that, the swim…”
“A lot of pool time in my youth.”
“Mmm. I see.”
Maya glanced at the cars driving by outside and returned her attention to her superior. “Anyway, it’s all there. I heard the navy finally made it an hour later. Best I didn’t wait around, don’t you think?”
Lev cleared his throat. “Probably best,” he agreed.
“What happened to Natasha’s body?”
“It was taken care of,” Lev said.
“She saved my life.”
“So you say.”
“And she never told them anything. After torture you couldn’t imagine.”
Lev nodded. “Natasha will be deeply missed. Her family will attend a hero’s funeral – with suitably altered details, of course. She will not be forgotten.”
They sat together in silence, Lev studying Maya like an alien life form. Eventually he finished his coffee and sighed.
“Much as I hate to lose you, I’m afraid it’s out of my hands,” he began.
Her jade eyes flashed. “What? After all that?”
His face crinkled, and he chuckled. “No, no, it’s nothing like that. Rather, it’s an honor.”
“An honor,” she echoed, not understanding.
“Your performance has caught the right kind of attention. There’s a new program being set up. A special team. The very best operatives – nothing like it exists. You’ve been singled out for training. But I should warn you, it’s going to be brutal. It’ll last for six months, and if you make it, you’ll be part of a group that’s so secret it doesn’t have a name.”
“A secret group within the secret group?”
“Correct. Only a select few will be accepted. The rest will go back into the field.” He paused. “Something tells me you won’t be going back into the field.”
“Do I have a choice?”
“Of course.”
“Why do I think you’re just saying that because you know I’d never turn it down?”
“That’s a choice, isn’t it?”
She nodded. “I suppose so. When do I start?”
“Within the next week. I’ll get you all the details.”
“That’s it?”
“There’s only one other thing. But it’s important. Because of the nature of this team…well, once you’re a part of it, there’s no going back. You’re in it for life.”
“For life,” she repeated.
“Right. It will be your family, your lover, your religion. That’s the price of admission.” He held her unwavering gaze. “You may want to take a day or two to think about it.”
“What will the team do?”
Lev frowned. “Even I don’t know that.”
“But you can imagine.”
“I’ve learned not to.”
Maya raised her cup to her lips to hide her expression. Outside, a dove curiously eyed the café as a sliver of sunlight warmed the shop’s window, the clouds having momentarily parted and the world continuing to turn even as Maya contemplated a future not one soul in every billion walking the planet might see. She set the cup down carefully, blotted her lips, and pushed back from the table.
“Everything in the report’s true, you know,” she insisted.
“I believe you.”
She nodded. “I don’t need to think about it. I’m in.”
He grunted. “You’re sure?”
Maya allowed herself a small smile.
“I’ve never been as sure of anything in my life.”
<<<<>>>>
Thanks for reading JET – Ops Files. I hope you enjoyed it. 
Want to know when my next book is available? You can sign up for my new release e-mail list at RussellBlake.com, follow me on Twitter at @Blakebooks, or like my Facebook page at Facebook.com/Russell.Blake.Books
Reviews help other readers find books. I appreciate all reviews, and every one matters.
You’ve just read the prequel of the JET series. The other books in the series are JET; JET II ~ Betrayal; JET III ~ Vengeance; JET IV ~ Reckoning; JET V ~ Legacy; JET VI ~ Justice, and JET VII ~ Sanctuary. I hope you enjoy them all. You can find them all HERE.
If you’d like to read an excerpt from JET, the first book in this series, please turn the page.
 
JET Excerpt
From the Author
JET is a work of fiction, and any resemblance between the characters in it and real people or organizations is purely coincidental or for literary effect. That’s my way of saying I have no idea whether the Mossad or CIA run assassination squads in the real world. I guess for my sake, I better hope they don’t. Likewise, the Mossad, CIA and KGB are probably stand-up organizations where everyone is honest and hardworking. I have no reason to believe otherwise, but the story plays better if everyone, everywhere, is suspect, crooked, and basically up to no good. So that is the literary leap I make. There are probably numerous things that are not one hundred percent accurate and real-world in these pages. That’s okay. It’s not intended to be an in-depth, hundred percent accurate tome. Hopefully you’ll excuse any literary license.
Likewise, I use dollars most of the time instead of the local currencies, for two reasons. First, to save everyone the trouble of looking up conversion tables, and second, because like it or not, the dollar is the world’s reserve currency, so it’s likely that any large sums or nefarious transactions are being conducted in greenbacks.
JET uses flashbacks in the early chapters in order to convey information that is relevant later. Don’t be alarmed when it jumps around a bit – it will all make sense as you get further into the book. I promise.
JET is the first in a series. It’s deliberately and joyously over-the-top, featuring a female protagonist who takes names and brings the hurt. It’s unapologetically overblown and strives to be a non-stop adrenaline rush, an action thriller that breaks the mold and tramples convention.  I hope you enjoy this first installment as much as I enjoyed writing it.
Prologue
The rainy gray of the morning had grudgingly relented to a patchwork of blue peeking between the clouds. Moisture dripped from the dense vegetation onto the encroachment of asphalt, evaporating within seconds of contact. Humidity was a constant this far inland – the nation’s seat had been relocated to this position of relative safety following the hurricane that destroyed the seafront capital forty-something years before.
The bus station at the main junction was a sad affair, as were most of the nearby structures, surrendering to entropy even before the paint had dried on their shabby walls. The terminal was surrounded by a group of ramshackle booths fashioned from tarps and cast-off wood, a squalid tent city that housed vendors hawking tacky artifacts and articles of second-hand clothing.
A retired Greyhound coach creaked as it entered the muddy lot, carrying a handful of intrepid tourists and commuters from the coastal suburbs. The tired air brakes hissed their protest as it pulled to a stop and disgorged its cargo, the rusting, graffiti-covered sides shuddering in time with the idle of the engine.
In the near distance, hulking concrete bunkers, ugly and indifferent, held back the jungle’s creep. Lethargic bureaucrats in shirtsleeves seeped steadily across the expansive open plaza, mopping their brows with hand towels as they shuffled to their offices for another long day of doing nothing.
Three men emerged from the largest building and stood on the steps by the heavy glass entry doors, shielding their faces from the shafts of sun piercing the overcast. After a few parting words, they shook hands, and two of them headed to the parking lot. The third man watched their departure, his coal-black skin glistening with sweat that already threatened to ruin his lightweight navy-blue suit. He glanced at his watch then walked toward a multi-story edifice across the common. The fountain in the middle of the square, thick calcium deposits crusting the pitted centerpiece, hosted a squabble of sparrows intent on bathing in the rainwater accumulated in its base. Drawn by their raucous chirping, he slowed to watch them enjoy their brief reprieve from the oppressive heat.
A sharp crack startled the birds, causing them to take noisy flight as the lone man’s skull exploded in a bloody splatter. His body crumpled to the concrete, dead before what was left of his head hit the ground with a melon-like thud. The few witnesses nearby froze in their tracks, eyes darting around in alarm.
On the top floor of an abandoned motel three hundred yards away, the shooter edged from his vantage point, cradling his rifle as he padded down the deserted stairs that led to the waiting Ford Expedition.
The driver put the vehicle into gear as the rear door opened, scrutinizing the chaos at the government buildings in his rearview mirror. The shooter slid the rifle into a compartment under the cargo mat and gave the vacant parking area a quick scan before climbing into the passenger seat. After fastening his seatbelt, he fumbled a cigarette from a pack in the glove compartment and lit it, adjusting the air vents to direct cold air on his sweating face as the driver pulled onto the road leading out of town. He exhaled in satisfaction, then lowered the window a few inches, and made a hurried call on his cell phone, speaking in a harsh, heavily-accented whisper before hanging up.
With a practiced motion, he flipped the phone’s case back off and tossed the single-use sim chip and the battery through the open window, into a tangle of brushwood. The driver eyed him without comment and then returned his attention to the wheel.
The shooter took another drag and cracked a feral grin.
“One down.”
Chapter 1
Turquoise water lapped at the powdery sand on the leeward side of Trinidad, caressing the shore with a tranquil surge. Decrepit fishing skiffs with single outboard engines floated a dozen yards from the beach, tugging gently at their moorings as their captains lazed in the shade, passing rum bottles and familiar stories back and forth.
Music and the heady aroma of exotic food drifted on the evening air as the annual Carnival festival lurched into full roar. Excited groups of young children tore up and down the waterfront, peals of glee and laughter battling with the din of adult celebration. From far and wide, revelers packed the streets, beers hoisted high to the setting sun, welcoming the untamed night that was to follow. Flashes of coffee-colored skin, strong white teeth and long, smooth legs hinted at the weekend’s delights as a tremble of simmering promise pervaded the atmosphere, of possibility and inebriated hope. Drums pounded hypnotic tattoos as the flamboyant costumes and masks paraded, the natives and visitors alike bubbling with a giddy sense of abandon.
The chime of the little internet café’s front door sounded, jolting Maya’s focus from the computer screen at her desk in the rear office. She pushed her long, black hair from her face with a listless hand and clicked the mouse with a sigh, noting the onscreen time. There had been no visitors for at least an hour, and she was getting ready to close. Her assistant had taken off at five, eager to join the bash, leaving her to clean up at the end of the day. Now, four hours later, there was little hope of any more revenue with the town in party mode. Anyone on the streets would have a more tangible kind of entertainment in mind than the sort found in cyberspace.
As she shouldered through the hanging beads that separated the back from the storefront, a garrote looped over her head, and she barely got her left hand up in time to keep it from closing around her throat. She sensed the raw strength of her assailant as the wire bit into her hand and instinctively stomped on the top of his foot, trying to break his hold. Had Maya been wearing her boots she would have broken metatarsal bones, but with tennis shoes, all her effort bought was a grunt and a momentary relaxation of the deadly pressure.
Blood ran down her wrist as she threw herself back, driving her attacker against a granite counter supporting a bank of monitors. A screen tumbled to the floor and shattered as she groped along the edge of the computers for anything she could use as a weapon.
Her fingers found the neck of a Fanta bottle, and she swung it back to where his head would be. It connected with a satisfying thunk, and she swung it again, this time feeling it break against his skull. Ignoring the pain from the garrote, she stabbed behind her head with the jagged edge of the broken bottle, again and again, then heard a muted exclamation as a warm gush sprayed against her upper back. The grip on her loosened, and she swung around, bringing her knee up in a fluid motion as she flung the garrote away. She felt her leg connect with the soft flesh of his groin and caught a brief impression of a hardened middle-aged face with blood streaming from the man’s lacerated cheek and right eye. He swung at her with a fist, but she ducked to the right, and the punch went wide. She slashed at him with the bottle again, then feinted with it as she kicked him in the abdomen with all her might.
The attacker’s legs buckled, and he stumbled, hitting his brutalized head against the counter as he dropped to one knee. Stunned, he reached into his pocket and extracted a switchblade. The blade snapped open – he lunged – she dodged the knife and kicked him again. This time he was ready for it; she felt the stiff muscles of his stomach tighten for the blow. As he crashed against the counter again, she flung the bottle at him then grabbed a flat screen monitor and swung it against his head, connecting with his cheekbone. The screen splintered as she continued to beat him with it, savaging what was left of his face.
But he still held onto the knife.
He threw himself against her, and she felt a stab of pain as the blade nicked her lower back even as she twisted to stay clear of it. She kneed him again, pulled a mouse free from the devastation and wrapped its cable around his neck, improvising a stranglehold.
The muscles in her arms bulged as she pulled against both ends of the wire, and the slashing of the knife gradually became feebler even as she stayed out of its reach. Maya ignored the blood streaming from the slice in her left hand as she strained to maintain her grip, watching as consciousness faded from the killer.
Aware that he was losing the struggle, he wrenched himself away, tearing the mouse cord from her hands. She rushed to the cash register, hoping to grab one of the heavy metal pitchers she used for water and juice, but he swung a foot at her legs, bringing her down against the register before he spun, leaning against it for support as he lurched toward her, knife at the ready. She knew he was blinded by the blood streaming down his face, but that wouldn’t do her any good now that she’d lost the momentum and he was on the offensive.
He slashed at her again with the blade, catching her loose shirt but missing her ribs. She twisted and groped for the scissors she kept by the register, but her fingers felt a different, familiar shape. Chest heaving from exertion, she grabbed it and smashed it against his head with all her might.
His eyes widened in puzzled surprise before he dropped to the floor, twitching spasmodically.
She watched his death throes, eyeing the base of the receipt holder she had used, its six-inch steel spike driven through his ear into his brain. When he stopped convulsing, she fell back onto one of the swivel chairs, trembling slightly, and quickly took stock. The hand was messy, but when she flexed her fingers, they moved, so it was superficial. She could tell that the cut on her lower back was trivial, even though it stung a little. Most of the blood on her was from the dead man.
She stood panting for a few moments then, after glancing around, grabbed one of the shop T-shirts she sold to tourists and wrapped it around her hand. Returning to her attacker’s corpse, she leaned down and felt in his clothes for a weapon, but he’d carried nothing other than the garrote, the knife and a wallet with a no-name credit card and a few hundred dollars.
A noise at the back of the shop snapped her back into the moment. Someone was trying to get through the locked back door.
If they were professional, it wouldn’t stop them for long, she knew.
~ ~ ~
A gloved hand pushed the door open, the lock having proved a minor impediment easily overcome with a strategically placed silenced gunshot that shattered the doorjamb with a muffled crack. The cramped hallway was dark, so the intruder moved cautiously through it until he arrived at the small office. Leading with the barrel of his gun, he felt for the light switch on the wall, which he flicked – nothing happened.
The door opposite him burst wide as Maya exploded from the storage closet in a blur. He’d hardly registered her arrival when he dropped the weapon, his life blood pouring down his back from where she had driven the scissors between his shoulder blades, into his heart.
It was over within a few seconds. The intruder’s body slid to the floor and leaked out a dark puddle of crimson. Maya stepped over him, scooped up his pistol and checked it. A Beretta 92, full magazine, so fourteen more rounds, allowing for the one used on the door. Custom-machined compact silencer. The gun had been modified to accommodate the suppressor; money and time had been expended – not good.
She crouched by the dead man and performed a quick search but found nothing other than another blank wallet with a few hundred dollars.
The slightest of scrapes sounded from near the back door.
Maya threw herself onto the floor of the hallway and fired close-quarters at the silhouette hulking in the doorframe. A grunt from the shooter, then a silenced slug tore a hole through the wall by her head. She fired two more rounds, and the attacker fell back onto the ground outside.
She waited. One beat. Two. Could be only three of them, or could be a fourth. Or more.
Nothing.
If anyone else was in the mix, they’d be smart to wait for her to come outside and check the body.
She jumped to her feet and ran to the front of the shop. She’d flipped off the breakers before hiding in the closet, so the storefront was now completely dark, the sun having completed its celestial plunge into the sea. Maya stopped at the counter and grabbed another T-shirt from the pile, stripping off her bloody top and replacing it with a clean dark blue one, then grabbed a roll of paper towels from behind the register and made a makeshift dressing for her hand, stuffing another wad into her bag. The gash was already clotting. Even if it felt awful, she’d live.
She paused, ears straining for any sounds. Music from the street and occasional whoops of passing celebrators were the only ones she detected.
Nothing from the back of the shop.
Maya pulled her purse over her shoulder and clutched the gun inside it so it wouldn’t cause panic on the street. Glancing through the windows, she estimated there were easily a couple of hundred people meandering outside, which would make it easy to disappear into the crowd, but would also make it tougher to spot potential attackers. She took one more look at the carnage in the little internet café that had been her livelihood for the last two years and inhaled a deep breath. Nothing good would come from stalling the inevitable, and with any luck, she now had an element of surprise in her favor.
She swung open the front door and stepped out into the fray, alert for anything suspicious. Waves of inebriated locals flowed tipsily down the sidewalks, spilling into the streets, which were closed to cars for the duration of the festival. Two jugglers – high on stilts – tossed balls back and forth, their painted faces leering mirth at the throng beneath.
An explosion ripped into the air overhead, jarring, causing her to cringe. Another sounded before she took in the delighted expressions around her – the detonations were fireworks starbursting amid the fervor of festivities.
She shook herself mentally, forcing her pulse back to normal. The old instincts were rusty, yet it was all coming back in a rush. A third boom reverberated across the waterfront street, and a staccato popping of secondary fireworks followed it, the glow from the red and blue blossoms illuminating the night sky.
She reached the far corner and moved without hesitation across the road to the cluster of buildings that comprised the center of the little beach area where her café was located. She used the storefront windows to study her surroundings, pausing every fifty yards to scan for threats.
Whoever had come after her was deadly serious. The weapons and the approach were uber-pro. Her carefully-constructed peaceful existence was blown. But why this – why now? And who? It made no sense.
Especially since she’d been dead for three years.
Maya was indistinguishable amid the women moving along the water – a sea of black hair and tanned skin – and she liked her chances more at night. Even if her adversaries had photos, which she assumed they must if they had done their homework, in the gloom it would be hard to pick her out, and with Carnival in full flow, many were wearing masks or costumes, further complicating any possibility of identification.
Her hand throbbed with dulled pain as she considered her options. It would be a matter of hours, at most, before the body outside the back door was found and the police went on full alert, issuing an all-points bulletin to bring her in for questioning. Even in a low-key country like Trinidad and Tobago, three dead bodies would demand an explanation – one that she wasn’t in any hurry to make.
She ducked into a souvenir shop and bought a black baseball hat emblazoned with a logo of the island, and a long-sleeved T-shirt with a poorly drawn sailboat illustration. Looking up, she impulsively grabbed a carnival mask with a feather fringe, which she stuffed into her purse before paying. When she exited, she looked more a punky teenager with the hat on backward than a twenty-eight-year-old. Hopefully, it would be good enough to throw any watchers.
As she moved around a group of boisterous young men, she spotted suspicious movement on the far sidewalk. Maya lifted her phone from her purse and used the screen as a mirror before she raised it to her ear to fake a call. She’d seen enough. A man with a shaved head, obviously not local, wearing a windbreaker in spite of the temperature, was keeping pace. He definitely wasn’t there for the street party.
Maya pretended to chat to a non-existent friend as her mind raced through possible responses. First thing, she’d need to ditch the phone. Even though it was a disposable that she bought airtime for on a card, it might pose a threat – most governments, clandestine groups and sophisticated private surveillance companies could track cell phones or activate the handset to eavesdrop, even if the phone was turned off. She didn’t think it was an issue with a burner phone, but at this point, she needed to assume that the level of technology her pursuers had access to was unlimited.
A fire-breathing man spray-painted entirely in gold appeared in the street next to her and blew a yellow stream of flame into the night sky. Partygoers fought to take pictures until a drunk woman flashed her two companions with a shrill laugh, drawing more photos and creating a temporary diversion for Maya, who took the opportunity to round a corner and drop the phone into a trash can before picking up her speed. Up ahead was a bar she knew, which had a back outdoor area as well as the main barroom. That would pose an opportunity to lose the tail, assuming that whoever this was didn’t go overt and start gunning down everything that moved. Judging by the earlier attack, they wanted to take her out with a minimum of fanfare, although that had quickly gone sideways on them.
The doorway to the bar, El Pescador, was just a few more yards on her right. Music and laughter emanated in waves from within, and it sounded packed, which could work in her favor.
She slipped past a group of drinkers standing just inside and pushed through the mass of bodies, the rear outdoor area her target. A few jostled patrons shot her dirty looks as she pulled the new long-sleeved T-shirt over the one she was wearing. There was no point in making tracking her easy for her pursuers. She flipped the baseball cap onto a table and quickly pulled her hair into a ponytail, fishing a hair tie from her purse, the reassuring bulk of the silenced pistol brushing her knuckles. Within seconds, she was another woman – this one a serious college student on holiday.
Maya resisted the temptation to look back and see if her stalker had followed her into the bar, and instead pressed her way through the final five feet to the rear courtyard. There were fewer people outside, although she knew that within a few hours the entire establishment would be standing room only.
She looked around and spotted the area of the outdoor wall that had brought her to the bar – two bathrooms she remembered were in a brick enclosure that had open air over the commodes. Maya darted to the women’s room and locked the door, wasting no time in standing on the toilet seat and reaching to grab the lip of the wall.
Her injured hand screamed in protest as she pulled herself up and over, dropping silently into the alley before sprinting off. Whoever was chasing her was improvising now – there was clearly no plan other than to terminate her, and they were probably shorthanded since three of them had been neutralized at her shop.
A chunk of mortar tore off the façade next to her, and she heard the distinctive sound of a ricochet, so she increased to a flat-out run to put distance between herself and the shooter. Another shot missed by a wider margin – she dared a glance over her shoulder. The gunman was firing through the rear bathroom window, probably standing on the toilet to reach the aperture, which had iron bars on it to prevent break-ins. She didn’t want to waste any of her precious bullets, so she raced to the end of the long block rather than shooting back. A suppressed 9mm round would lose accuracy every yard she put between her and the gun. Given the distance, she liked her odds – which changed when she turned the corner into an even smaller street and confronted a running figure thirty yards away brandishing a pistol.
They must have been communicating, probably by radio or a private com channel.
The gunman hesitated for a split second, and Maya fired through her purse. Two of the rounds went wild, but the third connected, and he went down, shooting even as he dropped. She felt a tug at the bottom of her new shirt, and she saw a smoking hole in the loose folds around her waist. The bullet had missed her by no more than a centimeter, which was enough, but still too close.
Another round went wide as the shooter tried to hit her. Moving a few steps closer to him, she pulled the Beretta free of her purse, aimed carefully, and fired. The man jerked as his weapon rattled against the cobblestone, and then he lay still.
Maya approached cautiously, gun trained on his inert body, and when she reached him, she toed his gun out of reach. She noted that his Beretta was the twin of hers – then her legs swept from under her, and she was falling backward. The shooter had sweep-kicked her, and she hadn’t reacted in time, realizing her error even as she went with the momentum and rolled.
The pain from the impact shot up her side as she hit the hard street, but she ignored it and concentrated on maintaining her grip on her weapon even as she tried to get far enough from the downed man to avoid any more damage from him. Her wrist struck the ground and went numb for a split second, and she involuntarily dropped the pistol with a wince.
He kicked at her again, but she surprised him by launching herself at his face, leading with her elbow. She felt a satisfying connection with his jaw and heard his head smack against the street’s rough surface. She followed it up with another brutal downward blow with the same elbow and heard a crunch as his nose fragmented.
Her head snapped back and blinding pain shot up her jaw as his fist bashed into it, then she felt impossibly strong arms wrap around her upper torso, seeking a hold. She pivoted with his pull and rammed the heel of her damaged hand into his ruined nose, but he twisted at the last second, avoiding the lethal strike that would have ended his life. Maya instantly followed with an eye dig, ignoring her hand’s protest as she drove her fingernails into his corneas. This time he wasn’t quite fast enough, and he howled in anguish – the first noise either of them had made during the deadly contest.
The scream was cut off by her next strike: both palms slammed against his ears, instantly bursting his eardrums – an injury she knew caused unspeakable agony. His arms fell away from her as they groped for his head, and she completed her follow-through by slamming his skull against the pavement. The sickening crack confirmed that the fight was over, and he lay still, blood trickling into the gutter from underneath him.
She rolled away, rose to her knees, then stood and stepped to where his weapon lay. After she confirmed that it was the same as hers, she popped the magazine out and slipped the full one into her purse. There would be time to reload her gun once she had some breathing room.
Another figure peered around the corner of the building at the end of the block, the muzzle of his silenced pistol pointing in her direction – she instinctively reacted, whipping the magazine-less pistol at him and pulling the trigger.
The lone chambered round that remained in the gun discharged, and she watched as the side of his face blew off and his body collapsed back behind the building.
After dropping the empty gun, she scooped hers up and approached the latest attacker’s motionless form as she mulled her options. She could either keep running or stay and concentrate on taking out anyone else pursuing her. The momentary glimpse she’d gotten of the latest shooter hadn’t looked like the man who’d been following her, so there was at least one other out there. Maybe more.
She peered cautiously in the direction she’d come from, but the alley was empty. The gunman in the bar bathroom had likely elected to exit from the front entrance and loop around. That was valuable information. She could anticipate his approach.
Still watching the alley, she reached her throbbing hand down and quickly went through the fallen attacker’s pockets, noting the telltale smashed ear bud wedged under his head. State-of-the-art closed-loop com gear – as expected.
His weapon was another Beretta clone, so she exchanged the magazine for the one in her pistol and then melted into the darkness of a nearby doorway, prepared for the next attack.
Which never came.
She waited expectantly but nobody materialized. One minute, then two, and nothing.
From the opposite direction, she heard conversation in Spanish over shuffling footsteps. It sounded like three young men arguing about where to go next. Their evening would be ruined when they came across the corpses, but that wasn’t her problem.
She needed to get out of there, grab her pre-prepared escape kit, and disappear forever.
Maya eased from the gloom, quiet as a ghost, and edged into the night, the echoing voices of the young men following her down the street as she became one with the shadows.
Chapter 2
Sirens keened in the distance as she marked out an unobtrusive pace – just another local on her way home after a long day.
That she would wind up being hunted by the police was a given. The only question was how long it would take. If they had help, such as an anonymous call fingering her, it could be near instant. If they had to piece things together after finding the bodies at the café, she probably had a few hours.
But she couldn’t count on catching any breaks – she hadn’t yet. It was safest to assume the authorities would start looking for her any minute, which made getting to her escape kit priority number one.
Four blocks away, she turned and continued to the park – her destination an English pub owned by a woman she’d befriended shortly after arriving on the island, who had helped her find an apartment and put her in touch with many of the workers needed to finish out the internet café. Chloé was a French ex-pat in her early forties who had been through two husbands, was on number three, and had wound up living on Trinidad by accident, as many did. She’d come on vacation and fallen in love with the bar owner – Vincente, husband number three. They had a nice business carved out catering to islanders looking for something different. Four months after meeting her, Maya had asked Chloé to store a few boxes in her cellar.
The King’s Arms was slow this Friday night. Most of the action was down at the waterfront for Carnival, and there were only a few stalwart hard drinkers at the bar, and three fat Germans enjoying a loud argument in their native tongue over why nobody but Germans could brew decent beer. Maya spoke seven languages, but when she entered, she kept her understanding to herself, even as they made leering comments to one another at what they’d like to do with her.
Chloé was wiping down the bottles with a cloth.
Maya approached her with a smile.
Chloé frowned in return. “Sweetheart! What happened to you? What’s wrong with your hand?”
Maya knew she looked worse for wear. She glanced down at the bloody mess of paper towels she’d hastily wrapped around her wound, keenly aware of the bruising that must have been starting on her face.
“I’m such an idiot. I was trying to hang some new art, and it got away from me. I was using wire to suspend it, and it cut me when I fell off the chair I was standing on. I’m going to get stitches after I’m done here.”
“What? Stitches? Good Lord! Did you hit your head hard?” Chloé exclaimed, her mothering instinct surfacing.
“Hard enough, but my hand got most of the damage. It looks way worse than it is. It was so stupid using a swivel chair. Listen, Chloé, I need to get into the box I left with you. I’m sorry about the hour, but is there any way I can? I’ll only need a few minutes.”
“Are you crazy? Go and get that hand taken care of. The box can wait.”
“I know, I know, but I’m here now, and I have a few things I absolutely need to get.”
Chloé sighed her resignation. “If you say so. I can open up the cellar, but I’m single-handed so you’ll need to manage by yourself. Vincente is at Carnival with some friends. We expected it would be dead tonight. Everyone’s out in the streets.”
“I’ll only be five minutes. I know exactly what I’m looking for.”
“Cheri, you’re worrying me. The hospital will take hours to treat you. Let me make a phone call to a friend of mine – a doctor. A general practitioner, but he should be able to handle a few stitches. He lives above his offices. Only a few streets away.”
Maya considered the offer, balancing it against her sense of urgency. She’d need to take care of her hand eventually or risk being in a situation where it could incapacitate her.
“Oh, Chloé. Thank you so much. You’re the best friend ever. Really. I hate for you to go to the trouble…”
“Nonsense. I’ll open up for you and then make the call. Hopefully he’s not drunk yet.”
They walked together to the back, and she unlocked the door that led to the basement. Chloé switched on the light and pointed down the rickety wooden stairs.
“It’s right where you left it, at the back by the two scuba tanks.”
“I remember. Go take care of your customers. I’ll be back in no time.” Maya slipped by her and entered the dank space.
Chloé nodded and softly closed the door behind her.
Maya locked the deadbolt so she wouldn’t be disturbed and made straight for the box she’d left almost two years ago. It was still sealed with the original packing tape. She pulled it toward her and slit the tape with her keys, then reached in and lifted out a medium-sized aluminum suitcase designed for carry-on luggage. After thumbing the numbers on the latch dials, she flipped the levers, and they popped open with a snap.
Maya glanced up at the door and then began her inventory.
First came the Heckler & Koch MP7A1 machine pistol wrapped in oilcloth, followed by the sound suppressor. Then the four thirty-round magazines and three boxes of ammo. Next, a butterfly knife with a razor-sharp blade, and two hand grenades. A Ruger P95 9mm pistol with one extra magazine, and a stainless steel Super Tool.
Weapons spread on the floor, she reached in and extracted a heavy waterproof plastic bag. Inside were twenty thousand dollars in hundred dollar bills, a Belgian and a Nicaraguan passport in different names, matching driver’s licenses, a corporate credit card with an expiration date good for three more years in the name of Techno Globus SA that would allow her to access the account with a hundred and fifty thousand dollars in it from any ATM in the world. The final items were a first aid kit, hair dye and a handheld GPS resting on top of an empty Swiss slimline nylon backpack – virtually indestructible, with two compartments that were waterproof to five meters. After loading the magazines she repacked the box, replacing the locked suitcase before sliding it back into place next to the scuba tanks. She checked her watch then packed the weapons and documents in the backpack, amazed at how little room everything occupied. Maya felt much better now that she had her own guns and a couple of new identities in her hands.
In no time at all she was back at the bar, thanking Chloé again.
“See? I told you it wouldn’t take long.”
“I managed to get hold of my friend. He agreed to see you in ten minutes at his office. It’s next to the little café that serves those great croissants. Do you remember?”
“How can I forget? Thanks again, Chloé. I didn’t mean to disrupt your exciting evening with the boys,” Maya quipped, eyeing the inebriated Germans.
“As long as they pay, I’m happy. Do you need his address? His name’s Roberto. Not bad looking, either.”
“No, I can find it.”
Maya reached out her good arm and hugged Chloé, kissing her on the cheek.
“Ciao, sweetie. Good luck with the stitches, and call me if you need anything. I’ll be here till two,” Chloé said, still concerned.
“I will. Be good.”
The streets became more crowded as she wound her way back to the waterfront. The doctor’s office was five blocks from the shore – far enough for the rents to be drastically lower, but close enough to receive sick or hurt tourists. She found it with ease, and he was waiting at the door, holding it open.
“Doctor Roberto?”
“That’s me. And you must be Carla…” Carla was the name Maya used in Trinidad – her third alias, which was now blown.
She nodded.
“Come in. Let’s see what we have here.” He led her to the little examination room, which was already illuminated.
Maya repeated her story for him as he examined the wound. She winced as he probed it and flushed it out with antiseptic rinse.
“You’re very lucky. You missed the artery by a few millimeters. No tendons severed, so you should recover with no problems. You won’t be playing the piano this week, but apart from the pain, it’s not the end of the world.”
“That’s a relief.”
“I’ll give you something for the discomfort – you’ll need a few stitches.”
“No, I’m good. I have a high pain threshold. Just do your worst.”
He regarded her. “You sure?”
“No problem. Just sew me up, and let’s get it over with.”
Five minutes later, he was finished and had applied a proper dressing with a bandage and gauze wrap. She held it up and inspected it, nodding.
“Thanks so much for this. I’m sorry to disturb you at this hour. Really.”
“Any friend of Chloé’s is a friend of mine. Besides, you’re lucky you got me before I headed out. Which is my plan now.” He gave her another look and smiled. “Can I interest you in a cocktail on the water?”
After a little back and forth, she was able to extract herself graciously, begging off due to a headache – Roberto refused to accept any payment but insisted she take his cell number. If she hadn’t been running for her life, she might have even been interested in having a beer or two with him, but tonight wasn’t meant to be. She had to figure out how she was going to get off the island while she still could. It was only a matter of time before the police locked it down.
~ ~ ~
Maya paused a hundred yards from her apartment building, wary of surveillance. Further down the block, a dog barked – a pit bull that she knew from experience was mostly attitude. But the tone of the barking, strident and agitated, gave her pause – there was an unusual urgency to it.
The few cars in the neighborhood were dilapidated, beaten by time, their exteriors corroded by the salt air and decades of neglect. She didn’t see any unfamiliar vehicles, so if her pursuers knew where she lived, they weren’t mounting a watch from the road.
A few porch lamps provided scant illumination, the street lights long ago having burned out, the city’s promises of replacement as hollow as most of the other assurances of change. She moved cautiously in the shadows, senses on alert. There was still at least the one man from the bar out there somewhere, and quite possibly more, although the number sent to terminate one target would likely be low, and her adversaries might continue to underestimate her.
Circling the block, she didn’t see anything suspicious. Maya always paid for the apartment in cash every month, no lease, so there was no way to track her to it short of following her, which she almost surely would have detected. Even if she was a little rusty, she still had the sixth sense for being watched that she’d honed. Many of the better field operatives developed it over time, and she had been the best.
On second approach, she came in from the back of the complex, having climbed over a wall separating the garbage area from the neighbor. Her second floor apartment was dark, and there was no sign that anyone had been there. No watchers in the trees, no suspicious loitering figures.
A black and white cat tore across her path with a hiss. Startled, she whipped out the pistol before registering what it was. Seeing its furry form scurry away, she took several deep breaths to slow the pulse pounding in her ears back to normal.
Maybe she was more than a little rusty.
In the old days, none of this would have raised her heart rate above eighty.
As she took another few silent steps, she caught movement on the periphery of her vision. The glint of something by the parking area. Maybe a watch. She peered into the gloom, eyes searching, but she didn’t see anything more.
It didn’t matter.
It was enough.
Someone was there.
The gunfire came with no warning. She rolled behind a low cinderblock wall, listening to the rapid-fire cracking of the silenced pistol some forty yards away.
The slugs slammed harmlessly against the concrete. The dark had helped her. Just enough. She’d caught a break at last. Now the question was whether to fight or run.
Her instinct was to fight, but she had no information about her attackers, which placed her at a distinct disadvantage.
She emptied seven shots at what she guessed was the shooter’s position and sprinted for the back of the building, weaving as she ran. It was dark enough and with sufficient cover, so she wasn’t worried. The gunman had probably been waiting for her to go into the apartment, having planned to take her there – if he hadn’t wired it with explosives already. Or there was someone inside waiting patiently for her to make the last mistake of her life.
Moments later, Maya was over the wall and snaking across the property. She didn’t hear any more shots, so her pursuer was probably wasting a few precious seconds debating what to do – seconds that would be the difference between escape and death.
She ran efficiently, effortlessly, with an economy that spoke to endurance. If necessary, she could keep up a good pace for an hour. Every morning she did so, part of her routine.
A bullet grazed her shoulder, burning as it seared a groove across her deltoid muscle – she abruptly cut between two small houses. As Maya regained her breath, she heard the arrival of a car motor and the squeal of poorly maintained brakes, followed by the distinctive sound of two doors slamming. Another car revved, and tires squealed.
She vaulted over a fence, barely slowing for it, and cut back, returning the way she’d come, but three houses down from where she’d heard the car. That would be the last thing they’d expect – her doubling back.
Three slugs struck the wall behind her.
She saw the flash from a vehicle sixty yards away – a black sedan, all of its windows down. Ducking, she emptied the silenced pistol at it as she scrambled for cover. A round whistled by her head, so she threw herself behind a brick garbage enclosure.
Enough of this shit.
She slipped off the backpack, unzipped it, then gripped the handle of the MP7 and pulled it free. Another round thumped into the brick as she methodically screwed the sound suppressor into place, and then she slipped the extra magazines into her back pockets before dropping the pistol into the backpack and pulling it back on.
Maya rolled from the cover of the structure, took aim, then fired a slew of two-round bursts into the sedan. The submachine gun’s armor-piercing bullets sliced through the doors like they were warm butter; the horn sounded as the driver’s head smashed forward against the steering wheel. The shooting from the car stopped.
A dark Ford Explorer screeched around the corner and raced directly at her. She could see a figure leaning out of the passenger side window with a pistol, and she didn’t hesitate to use the MP7’s superior range. She flipped the weapon to full auto and emptied the gun into the SUV. Without taking her eyes off the Explorer as it bore down on her, she ejected the spent magazine and slammed another one home, then continued firing burst after burst at close range. The gunman fell back into the cab with a grunt, and his pistol clattered to the ground.
The vehicle slowed, then veered away from her before bouncing onto the sidewalk and crashing into a parked Mitsubishi. Maya emptied the rest of the second magazine at it and slapped the third into place.
A light illuminated in the house behind the vehicle.
The bullet-riddled SUV showed no signs of life.
She listened intently for any more cars but couldn’t discern much over the din of the dead sedan’s horn, which was still blaring.
A porch light went on in another nearby home. Glancing around, Maya spun and ran as fast as her legs would carry her, reversing her direction to take her farther from her apartment.
At the end of the block, she stopped and unscrewed the suppressor, then stowed the weapon back in the bag. No point in terrifying everyone she came across.
She kept moving until, two blocks away from the gun battle, she saw a solitary headlight bouncing toward her. A motor scooter whined its way down the little street, moving along at no more than twenty miles per hour. Maya stopped and waved until it slowed and then rolled to a stop. A young man looked her up and down in the faint lighting.
Maya threw him a luminescent smile. “Hey. Are you going to the party by the water? My ankle’s hurting…”
He returned the smile. “Sure. Hop on. I’m Kyle.”
“Nice to meet you, Kyle. Veronique.”
She put her arms around him and they sped off. Her pursuers, and the police, if they were now part of her problems, would be looking for a single woman, not a couple on a motorbike.
Maya removed her left arm from his waist and felt the bullet graze on her shoulder. Her hand came away with blood on it, but she could tell it was only a flesh wound. Still, she had the problem of how to conceal it – she’d hoped by now it would have stopped bleeding.
A block from the beach Kyle eased to a stop to avoid a swarm of drunken pedestrians, and she abruptly hopped off the back.
“Thanks, Kyle. See you around,” she said, vanishing into the crowd as he tried to process what had just happened.
Maya ducked into the first trinket shop she came to and bought a black T-shirt with a PADI symbol on the front, tossing payment at the bored shopkeeper before dashing out. She slipped into a grimy space between two buildings, pulled off her bloody long-sleeved shirt and dropped it into the gutter before pulling on the new one. The bleeding from her shoulder had finally slowed, and the shirt’s dark color would mask any leakage. She reached into her purse and retrieved one of the gauze pads Roberto had given her, then stuck it up the sleeve and onto the graze.
That was all she could do for now. She checked the time and saw that it was already ten thirty. The ferries had stopped running, and the airport would be a non-starter. The corpses would result in a full-court press by the police, and even the controlled chaos of a big weekend like Carnival wouldn’t be enough cover. That left two choices – either find someplace remote to hide for at least a day or two, or steal a boat tonight and try to make it to the Venezuelan mainland.
She didn’t like her prospects hiding. The shootings would be the biggest news to hit the island in years, so even the normally relaxed locals would be scared, shocked, and on high alert. And once they put her identity together with the bodies at the café…
Her picture would be everywhere. All the authorities had was her passport photo, which now looked almost nothing like her – in the picture, she had shorter auburn hair parted on the side, with blond highlights along the front, whereas now it was her natural black color and three years longer – but she could only change her face so much.
She was going to have to find a boat.
Several marinas dotted the stretch of shore nearest Venezuela, just west of Port of Spain. The good news was that the whole town went a little crazy during Carnival so security was likely to be lax. Anyone working would be wishing they had the night off so they could enjoy the show, not watching for boat thieves.
She fished the feathered mask out of her purse and donned it, then glided back into the mass of celebrants, this time just another anonymous merrymaker enjoying the festivities. The volume of the music had increased, as had the beat, the intensity matching the growing atmosphere of capricious mayhem that was spilling onto the streets. A woman in a beaded dress wearing an elaborate headdress danced by, her hips performing impossible undulations to the island rhythms, while a group of younger girls giggled as they watched a trio of tough-looking youths eyeing them from the other side of the road.
A hand nudged her purse, and she grabbed it, simultaneously twisting as she flicked open her butterfly knife. A wide-eyed islander found himself with the razor-sharp blade at his throat; the heavy scent of fear and sweat and coconut rum assaulted her with each of his panicked exhalations. He backed off, hands raised, muttering that it was a mistake.
Maya lowered the knife and flipped it closed with a lightning motion. Petty thieves were a constant during street festivals like this. She’d have to be more careful. She’d been so busy formulating her plan and watching for potential killers that she hadn’t factored in the local predatory hazards. That couldn’t happen again.
Several streets from the main drag, she flagged down a taxi and told the surly driver to take her to the marina by the yacht club. He grunted assent and crunched the old car into gear, growling a fee that was double what it should have been. She didn’t complain. The marina was in one of the ritzier neighborhoods, and he probably felt there should be a premium.
As he dropped her off a quarter block from the empty parking lot, a warm breeze was wafting from Venezuela, less than twenty miles away. It smelled of the sea and heavy jungle, the vegetation blending with the salt air in a way unique to that stretch of coast. Down at the water, the powerboats rocked gently at the docks, pulling lazily on their creaking lines. The yacht club itself was dark, closed for the night.
A security guard lounged on a folding chair near the main gate, laughing with a woman who was telling a story in the island patois, its musical lilt as distinctive as a primary color. A tinny, calypso rhythm refrained from a portable stereo near the guard shack, the light wind seasoned with the pungent scent of marijuana.
The woman took a swig from a bottle and passed it to the uniformed man, who made an unintelligible comment, laughed, and drank deep. This encounter obviously had a destination before the evening was over, and Maya guessed that the couple would either retreat to the security room for a little privacy, or move to a vacant boat. Such things were not unknown when the trade winds blew.
She checked the time impatiently, resigned herself to waiting, and retreated into a dark recess where she could keep an eye on them.
A disgruntled gull shot her a glum look, annoyed at having its roost intruded on by her presence, and then stalked away before taking up position near a boulder by the shore. Other than the din drifting from the town’s nightlife and the pulsing steel drums on the radio, the water was quiet, and she could make out lights of a few slow-moving sailboats coming in to a nearby bay to anchor.
Forty minutes later, Maya’s chance came in the form of an empty bottle. The guard took his companion by the hand and pulled her toward the security office, her resistance purely obligatory judging by the speed with which her objections turned into peals of inebriated laughter. The door slammed shut, and within a few long moments, the blinds dropped and the lights went out.
Maya didn’t wait to time the couple. She sidled past the office window, crouched out of sight, and made her way down to the main dock entrance. Finding it locked, she climbed around the barbed wire mounted to the sides of the gate, swinging easily past the barricade.
At the mooring closest to the breakwater, she saw what she was hoping for – a well-maintained thirty-two-foot Intrepid sports cruiser with a pair of big Mercury outboard motors. It was low to the water and looked fast, used as a dive boat, judging by the equipment on board – tank racks, plentiful rear deck area and decent electronics. She ducked under the center console and located the ignition wires. After a couple of tries, the engines burbled to life.
She moved carefully around the deck, untying the lines, and within ninety seconds was pulling out of the marina. A yell followed her from the shore, and Maya hastily looked back at the main building. The guard was running toward the gate, his shirt hanging open and one hand holding up his pants, the other gesticulating wildly. She’d hoped that the sound of the engines wouldn’t alert him, but apparently that wasn’t to be the case, which meant she’d need to run flat-out in order to outpace the patrol boats that cruised the channel day and night.
Maya powered the radio on and, once clear of the breakwater, pushed the throttles open. The boat leapt forward, eagerly slicing through the gentle rolling swells. She didn’t illuminate the running lamps, preferring to pilot by the glow of the moon. She could just make out the distant shore of Venezuela, and didn’t think she’d need much else.
A few minutes later, the radio crackled to life, and she heard an alert go out to the police boats. After a brief pause, one responded and gave his location as only two miles east of the marina. She leaned against the wheel and edged the throttles three-quarters forward and watched as the speed gauge blew through forty knots, the motors roaring like a jet on takeoff. Scanning the instruments, she fiddled with the radar. After a few flickers the small screen glowed green. She punched buttons, increasing the range to eight miles. The boats on the water lit up as blips, one of which was moving directly at her.
She looked over her shoulder and spotted the flashing lights of a patrol boat in the distance off her port side. A quick glance at the radar and an adjustment confirmed she was now hurtling toward Venezuela at roughly forty-three knots. The likelihood was slim that whatever the police boat had under the hood would be able to overtake her. The only real problem she could think of would be if the Venezuelan navy had a ship in the area and sent it to intercept her, or if the police could get a helicopter scrambled in the next twenty minutes – doubtful at such a late hour, with the island on holiday footing.
The radio blared a burst of static, and a deep baritone voice came over the channel.
“Attention. Stolen boat Courvoisier. This is the Trinidad police. We have you on radar. Shut down your engines. Now. Repeat. Shut down your engines. We are armed and will fire if you don’t immediately comply.”
They were probably broadcasting across all channels.
But what were the chances they would shoot? Not very high, she decided. That had probably been a bluff. Besides, at a range of almost a mile and a half, there was little likelihood they would be able to hit anything, even if they had a fifty-caliber machine gun onboard. She knew from experience that their effective range was seventeen hundred yards – about one mile. At two thousand yards, accuracy dropped off. Past that and, while it might still be dangerous at over three thousand yards, there was slim chance of hitting much at night from a moving boat shooting at another fast-moving target – especially in a relatively crowded sea lane.
A metallic voice hailed over the water on the patrol craft’s public address system. She could barely make it out over the engines. It repeated the same message, warning her to stop or they would fire at her. She peered at the radar and saw another blip heading at her from the northwest, coming from La Retraite. No doubt a second patrol boat. Two miles away.
The radio and loudspeaker message sounded again, and she goosed the throttle more. Forty-four knots. No way would the patrol boats be able to catch up to her at that speed.
The water fifty yards in front of her boiled where a burst of fifty-caliber rounds struck the surface, and she heard the rapid-fire booming of the big gun in the distance.
So much for not shooting. That was a warning shot. But the next one might not be.
The police were no doubt in panic mode as calls reporting the shootings had poured in. On a relatively peaceful island like Trinidad, the unprecedented violence had to have unnerved them.
She jammed the throttles all the way forward, and the speed gauge climbed to fifty knots. The water was nearly flat because the island sheltered the shipping lane so she had no problems, but she knew that could end at any time. She cranked the wheel to starboard and cut west, moving toward a slow-cruising sailboat an eighth of a mile away. She could dodge between the boats and the nearby islands until she was completely out of range of the big gun. At fifty knots, she figured that would take five minutes, tops.
The radio warned that the shots across her bow would not be repeated – the next ones would be aimed directly at her. She reached over and turned the volume down.
The Intrepid streaked past the sailboat, and she adjusted her course again, putting the meandering vessel between her and the first patrol boat. The second one was moving somewhat slower and was farther away, so posed no threat, unlike the one with the trigger-happy shooter aboard.
Up ahead loomed a larger ship – commercial, judging by its size. She again cut dangerously close without letting up on speed and saw that it was a private motor yacht, at least a hundred feet long. That would provide even more effective cover.
Now the speedo read fifty-one knots. The engines were redlining, but the temp gauges looked okay, so she kept the throttles firewalled.
There was no more shooting. Her strategy had worked. Cooler heads had prevailed, and the proximity of other craft had acted as a disincentive. Nobody wanted to be the one to blow a bystander’s head off to recover a stolen boat, no matter how excited they were in the heat of the moment.
Watching the blip that represented the patrol boat, she saw that she was pulling steadily away from it and now had almost two and a half miles of distance. She estimated that the pursuit craft was topping out at just under forty knots, which was still very fast, but no match for hers. The second patrol boat appeared to be moving at around thirty-six knots, so either it had a dirty bottom, or different props, or full tanks. Whatever the case, neither would be able to get close enough to pose any further threat. At her current speed, she would be off the Venezuelan coast within no more than ten minutes, and there was a better than good chance that the Trinidad patrol boats would abandon the chase once she was in Venezuelan waters – no one would want an international incident over a stolen pleasure cruiser.
She engaged the autopilot and felt the steering stiffen. The system was intuitive – on and off buttons, with a dial to set direction. Another glance at the radar told her there was now nothing between her and Venezuela, so she moved forward and blew the cuddy cabin lock off with her pistol. Inside, she ferreted around for a few minutes, and then emerged with a dive bag in her hand.
To her surprise, the patrol boat kept coming. Worse, when she panned the radar out to sixteen miles, she saw that a large shape was steaming in her direction from Venezuelan territory, approaching from the south. It didn’t look like it would get close in time to stop her, but the water was getting too crowded for her liking, and if it was a navy ship, it could well fire on her from a considerable range with its deck guns, and she’d be a sitting duck.
After entering the channel between Isla de Patos and the Venezuelan mainland, she slowed the boat to fifteen knots and emptied her backpack. She hated to leave her weapons, but it wouldn’t be a good idea to be searched in Venezuela and have to explain a machine gun. She took her shoes off and put them into the bag, wedged with the money, documents and GPS, and sealed it carefully. After one more glance at the patrol boat in the distance, she slipped her arms through the backpack straps and opened the bilge hatches. Two emergency five-gallon gas tanks sat strapped in place on the deck. She took one and emptied it into the bilge. The stink of raw fuel filled the cockpit as she moved to the radio and lifted the microphone to her mouth, shifting her voice an octave lower than her normal speaking range, holding it away from her mouth so the engines would further garble the sound. With any luck, it would sound like a panicked young man.
“Mayday. Mayday. My gas tank is leaking. A bullet must have punctured it. Oh my God…”
She dropped the mike onto the deck and switched the radio off. Then, gauging her timing, she pulled the pins on both the grenades, dropped them into the bilge, and dived off the transom into the wake, the swimming fins and snorkel she’d found below clenched firmly in her good hand.
The Intrepid continued for sixty yards before exploding in a fireball, lighting up the night as the remaining fuel detonated. Maya felt a surge of heat on her face. She pulled on the swim fins and put the snorkel in her mouth as she watched the crippled boat burn to the waterline and sink into the depths.
Her hand stung from the salt water, as did her shoulder – nothing she couldn’t handle, and in March, the sea temperature was in the low eighties, which was ideal. She quickly guesstimated that she would need to swim six miles to get to shore. With the fins, and in no particular hurry, she could do that standing on her head.
Maya began pulling for the glimmering lights of what appeared to be a small fishing village in the distance, using a smooth, measured stroke, the fins a considerable help in propelling her along. By the time either the Venezuelans or the Trinidad patrol made it to where the boat had exploded, she would be miles away.
Three hours later, she pulled herself up onto a deserted beach a quarter mile west of the little village of Macuro. She cut a solitary figure as she peered out to sea, where in the distance, the spotlights of the naval ship pierced the night, no doubt in position where the Intrepid had sunk. The moon seemed brighter as she stood panting in its eerie glow, dripping salt water onto the sand. She surveyed the few lights on in the sleeping fishing hamlet and decided to wait until morning before making her way in to either catch a bus or hire a local skiff to take her to a larger town.
The warm wind tousled her damp hair as she gazed at the horizon, turning the same thoughts over in her mind that had occupied her for most of the swim.
How had they found her, and who were they? And why were they trying to kill her? Nobody knew that she was still alive. She’d covered her tracks.
She was long dead, the life she’d lived dead as well.
Except it wasn’t.
Somehow, some way, her past had caught up with her.
She ran her fingers through her hair, brushing away the salt and sand, and closed her eyes. Only a select few had ever known her real name was Maya. Everyone else had known her by her operational name, which was the way she liked it. Long ago, Maya had morphed into something deadly, something awe-inspiring, and she’d left her true identity behind when she’d assumed the code name Jet – the name of a clandestine operative the likes of which the world had never seen. And ultimately, she’d left her Jet identity dead off another coast three years ago, on the far side of the planet, finished with the covert life she’d led and everything that had gone with it.
Jet had been the polar opposite of her donor, Maya, and had never found any use for her weaknesses, no room for her softness, her compassion. Jet was lethality incarnate, the swift hand of vengeance, a deadly visitation from which there was no escape. She was a ghost, untouchable, the reaper, a killing machine revered in hushed tones even in her own elite circle.
And now Jet was back in the land of the living, the beast awakened. Whoever wanted her dead had loosed a primal force of nature that was unstoppable, and as much as Maya had tried to leave Jet behind, the only way she could see any future at all was to become that which she had buried forever.
Jet slowly reopened her eyes, seeing the world as if for the first time, the warm breeze caressing her exotic features like a lover. She inhaled deeply the sweet air, turned, and then padded across the powdery sand to a spot where she could rest until morning.
Dawn would break soon enough.
And there would be work to do.
Preview and purchase via Russell's website
Go back to Contents
