
NO INNER LIMIT

By David Kersey
Copyright 2014 David Kersey
Published by David Kersey at Smashwords

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This novel is a work of fiction. Any references to real people, events, establishments, organizations, or locales are intended only to give the fiction a sense of reality and authenticity, and are used fictitiously. All other names, characters, and places, and all dialogue and incidents portrayed in this book are the product of the author’s imagination.

For Laura


PART ONE

CHAPTER ONE – Dr. Jamison (Van) Vance

The red-eye flight from L.A. to Atlanta was the easy part. The next stage of the journey would be the more difficult….the drive through north Georgia, Tennessee, and then the most problematic, the wilderness of south central Kentucky.  He had solemn concerns as to the wisdom of the journey, yet Adele had strongly urged him on. Who is this man simply named Joshua, the recluse living in the remote hinterlands of the Daniel Boone National Forest? Adele had described him as “amazing”. Atypical of his female comrade, like himself also a professor, she was evasive, offering nothing more than adjectives, such as remarkable, and incredible, when mentioning the telepathic abilities of Joshua with no last name. She did say to expect a profound experience, that Joshua was much more than a telepathist. And so he drove the rental car out of Atlanta in stupefaction, half wishing he had stayed in southern California, the other half in blind anticipation. Without incident he arrived in Corbin, Kentucky at six pm Eastern, three hours in advance of his California time, then called Adele.
“Listen, you heifer, this better be worth it! I am in Corbin at a Days Inn.”
“You listen, numbskull. You just might be blown away. The real trip will be after you arrive. You’re less than two hours away and it won’t be a cakewalk getting there, but you’ll enjoy the scenery, some of the best this country has to offer.”
“You’re sure he’s expecting me? I don’t want to be staring down at double barrels!”
“Yeah, he’s on board. I told him to expect you around noon tomorrow.”
“So how is it with you in Lexington? And I’m sorry about your precious Wildcats.”
“You hush. Do you remember watching the video of a girl named Namanda two years ago?”
“Sure do, amazing twelve year old savant from India. Have you heard something more about her?”
“I have. We need to talk, but only after you meet with Joshua. He’s different, Van, you’ll see. Be prepared to experience something more bewildering than Namanda, you hear me? I want you to call me tomorrow once you’ve sat and talked with, uh, make that experienced him. OK? And another thing, your discoveries are strictly confidential. You’ll see why.”
“Will call you tomorrow. Stay off the Makers Mark, sot.”
“Fat chance. You’re too late.”  She hung up.

Van Vance, whose actual first name is Jamison but practically everyone calls him Van, professor of behavioral sciences at the University of California at Irvine, a fifty-five year old academic who had seen and screened hundreds of savants, prodigies, and otherwise noteworthy case studies bordering on the murky dubiousness of clairvoyance, prescient abilities, and those sagacious well beyond the norm, was intrigued by Adele’s description of Joshua as being different.  
Adele Meadors, professor of psychology at the University of Kentucky, would not use the term “different” cheaply. Yet she was deliberately withholding information from him and that was not her usual dutifully scrupulous style. The only reference she made was to Namanda, an incredibly gifted savant who, by the age of eight, had total recollection of all eastern hemisphere country names, in alphabetical order, and their capital cities. 
Van knew of several savants worldwide; and, to a person, each had extraordinary abilities but also handicaps in brain function. Autism was the leading trigger, but not in every case, some being brain trauma through injury. 
Adele said Joshua would be “different”, and adding to the furtiveness was the fact that she didn’t include the SOTs via teleconference. SOT, an acronym for Searchers of Truth, an assemblage of forty-two watchdogs worldwide of which he and Adele were two, was usually notified about a discovery of extraordinary intelligence. She cautioned him to keep his discovery confidential and left the SOTs out of the loop. He wondered why. 
He awoke the next morning after suffering the nocturnal aftereffects of smothered, covered, and chunked fare at the adjacent Waffle House, in which the plump waitress had screamed his order to the short order cook merely ten feet away. Thankfully the June sky over south central Kentucky was cloudless and intensely blue, a good day to travel the serpentine, undulating roads into the wilds of the two million acre National Forest.  And indeed the terrain was wild, rough, unsullied by the Spartan fabricated metal dwellings that tainted the roadside for a few miles southwesterly of Corbin. 
Once inside the park, the interplay of foliage and rocky cliffs spoke of an ancient geologic event that forcefully ripped through the earth. He navigated a hairpin turn in the Cumberland Falls Highway, then gasped with surprise at the cinematic spectacle that lay just beyond its apex, the Cumberland Falls, affectionately named “the Niagara of the South”. He took advantage of the parking area populated by dozens of sightseeing cars and used the facilities, and also used his cell phone to snap a few pictures of the waterfall and Romanesque bridge over the Cumberland River. He was grateful Adele had recommended this scenic route which was mindful of an understated version of the Colorado Rockies, and a welcome departure from the synthetics of human intervention. 
After ten more minutes behind the wheel he reached another scenic overlook, that of a rock formation known as the Natural Arch, to which he aimed his cell phone camera. The GPS furnished by the car rental agency indicated he was just two miles away from his destination. Those two miles were dirt roads, more aptly paths tunneling through overarching hardwoods, which rose in elevation rather brusquely. At the crest of the knoll stood an enormous barn with a rustic log dwelling off to the port side. 
He parked near the barn, stepped out of the car, and took in the gracious beauty of the hillsides that flanked both sides of the property and joined together approximately a half mile straight ahead, as if he was standing in the bow of a gigantic earthen sailing vessel. Beyond the barn the terrain sloped downward to a valley completely enfolded by the hillsides, and there, some fifty yards beyond and below him, was a monumentally bizarre sight.
Van wasn’t a biblical scholar by any means, but the man standing in the blue grassed valley, and in the midst of a twenty fold herd of deer, immediately conjured up the image of Jesus perhaps in a valley near Galilee beckoning the children to come unto him. The man’s shoulder length ebony hair and beard, and the full length white garment bolstered the impression.  So this was the mystery man, the Joshua of no known last name. 
The man acknowledged his visitor with a wave and an unintelligible sound that caused the deer to hurriedly scatter to the safety of the surrounding tree lines. He slowly began to walk up the slope which stirred a wave of nervousness in Van, as if he was about the meet a renowned luminary. 
“Hello, you must be Dr. Vance? Welcome.” The Jesus man offered his hand. 
“Jamison Vance, but people call me Van. And you are Joshua?”
“I am.” 
Van studied the man’s face. Strong features, smooth skin, and incredibly blue eyes….Paul Newman eyes that expressed empathy like the movie icon possessed.
“No last name?”
“Not a real one, not yet anyway. Come.” 
Joshua, a rather tall, maybe six-two, slender man of perhaps thirty years of age, began walking toward the prodigious barn. Van followed in silence without the knowledge that his rather mundane life would be jolted to the core in the subsequent days and weeks.

+ + + + + 

On the White Mountain Apache Indian Reservation in northeastern Arizona, the old man stood in a cave near the top of Baldy Peak. Hachika, whom the tribesmen called the Wolfman, the ancient shaman, stared into the smoke rising from the fire. He sprinkled his mystic dust into the flames and soon began to chant in hushed, low tones, “Sadnleel da’ya’dee nzho maggaanii, shiiyii’ii.” (Long life, old age, all is good, my white son). In the cloud of smoke the image of his adopted son appeared. A tear flowed down the old man’s rutted cheek. “Yashua, your time has come.” 

CHAPTER TWO - Joshua

“Oh my God.” Van stood aghast at the entry and could not believe his eyes. The entire interior of the barn, or so it seemed, was a forest, divided into sections by expertly crafted granite pathways. Overhead blue ultraviolet incandescent light shone down on the gardens which created a psychedelic syrup of earth and sky hues. Instruments played softly in a sound best described as a current of melodic whirring. And there was the pleasant odor of freshly cut flowers permeating the air. 
“Follow me.” Joshua walked to the center of the area then turned to his left. He held out his arm to the left side garden in passing. “This is native vegetation. I call it the spirit garden. Mixed in with the eucalyptus are beets, cabbage, dandelion, garlic, peppermint, flax, asparagus, and fennel.”
He continued walking on the granite path on the left side of the barn, then lifted his arm to the right. “This is the aquatic station, the place of unction. Here I have brahmi, also called bacopa minnieri, black root maca, ginkgo biloba saplings, field grown ginseng, and a tank of mineral water.”
He turned and backtracked past the entry walkway to the right side of the barn. “To the right is yerba mate, gotu kola, goldenseal, rhodiola, kava, acai, basil, amla, also known as Indian gooseberry, soursop also known as graviola, passion flower, and black root yam. I call this area mission control.
To the left is my lounging area that is surrounded by Arabica, do you know what that is?”
“I’m afraid I don’t.”
Joshua laughed. “It is coffee. Quite good for you if you use it moderately and you don’t adulterate it with sugar. There are closed off rooms to the rear. One is for the scat of my animals, I use that for fertilizer. There is a bigger room that contains my workbenches and refrigerated storage. There is also a loft above, where I sleep most of the time, and a small basement below. Come and sit with me.”
Enclosed by the coffee trees was a round table large enough to comfortably accommodate six wooden chairs. The two took their seats, yet neither spoke for a few moments. Then Van asked, “So what do you call this area?”
Joshua smiled. “The lounge. This is where I rest and have a morning coffee.”
“Joshua, what are you doing here? What is all this?”
“This is my passion, my obedience to a calling you could say. The bottom line is the promotion of not just good, but excellent health and function. So Van, are you taking, or have you taken, prescription medicines, especially warfarin or Coumadin?”
“No, I take nothing other than baby aspirin in the morning.” Van took note of the omission of small talk, the how-was-your-trip thing. 
“Good. And as a psychologist, you have a good deal of understanding about the brain, I assume?”
“I could always learn more, but yes, I suppose I do.” Then he added, “But not so much about why the brain works, just how it affects behavior.”
“How old are you?”
“I’m fifty-five. And how old are you, by the way?”
“Thirty-three. Van, how many neurons do you have in your body?”
Van laughed. “How could I know that with any degree of accuracy? I’d guess nearly sixty billion.” Adele had been right, this man is different.
“That’s low. More like eighty-five billion, with about twenty billion of those in the cerebral cortex. How many do you think are firing right now?”
“Again, how could I know? Twenty percent maybe?” Van tensed slightly. After all, he was the teacher in the room, not a suspect in an interrogation room. 
“That could be about right if you are at rest. During the course of a full day you probably use every single one of them unless there is damage to an area. A constant lightning storm without the thunder. You are undoubtedly familiar with the hippocampus?”
“Yes, of course. Part of the limbic system, the area that largely contributes to behavior, memories, and emotions. Also the olfactory center.”
In the center of the round table there was a platter upon which rested a pot the size of a gravy boat and four sake sized cups. Joshua poured from the pot into two of the cups. “Adele said you should try this.”
“What is it?”
“It’s the chemicals and minerals of the plants you have seen, mixed with mineral water. If you want to try it, first smell the fragrance by holding the cup below your nose.”
He did so in the same manner as did Joshua. The aroma hinted of the peppermint and eucalyptus but was by no means overpowering. It was rather pleasant actually.
“The sense of smell is important isn’t it?”
“Yes, important in the three areas affected by the hippocampus that were mentioned. Like the smell of apple pie just out of the oven should bring back memories for most people, and then elicit related emotions. I know it does for me.”
“Now wet your lips with the liquid and let your tongue lick your lips. Do you remember the exact roads you took to locate me?”
“I think so, but there were many twists and turns and road changes, and I had the help of a positioning system.” There was a momentary interruption in Van’s concentration….the melodic rhythms, it became evident to him, were three cellos playing in thirds on the scale. He also pictured the three musicians, women, in their long, black privacy skirts caressing the large instruments. Weird. He didn’t know a thing about music or instruments.
“What if, in twenty years, you returned here without using your electronic gadget, or a map? What if you could do it strictly from memory and without one single wrong turn?”
“That would take a miracle, a one in a million undertaking, I would think.”
“Now take a small sip, like this.” 
Joshua barely tipped the cup to his lips. When Van emulated him, he found the taste was smooth, vegetative, and greenish, without an acrid retort.
“Van, are you familiar with long term potentiation, otherwise called LTP?”
“Yes, it’s the possibility of the fixation of memories into permanency, or long term, LTM, as opposed to short term disposable memories, and caused by increased signal strength in the neuron transmitters. Frankly I don’t know a whole lot about it since I’m not a neurologist. I’m simply trained in neuropsychology, the science dealing with brain related behaviors.”
Joshua didn’t ask more questions for at least two minutes. He simply gazed into Van’s eyes. Van then asked, “Joshua, how can you know all these things? Can you tell me more about your background? And how do you know Adele?”
“How many words in a list of ten can a subject repeat accurately?” Joshua was being evasive.
“Between four and five on average, rarely above that.”
“What if a subject could recall all ten, or twenty, or perhaps a hundred?”
“I’ve seen phenomena, like in an Indian twelve year old girl who could recall massive amounts of material. But in normal humans, ten items remembered, without having internalized memorization tricks, would be an anomaly.”
“The girl from India will be here tomorrow, only she is going on fifteen years old now. I trust you can stay for that.”
“What? She’s coming here?”
“Yes, her parents are vacationing in Orlando at Disney, and Namanda will rejoin them after she has met with us. There will also be a chaperone accompanying her. Tell me, how are you feeling?”
Van thought about that and realized he had not moved one muscle, nor twitched, itched, scratched, shifted or drummed his fingers. He also sensed a pleasantness that was almost euphoric, and a complete calmness.
“I am relaxed and feel good. Wonderful actually. Have I ingested a narcotic or opioid?”
“No. Can you name the nine items of vegetation in the first garden I pointed out to you?”
“Oh, goodness, let’s see. There’s eucalyptus, and….uh, fennel. Maybe cabbage and beets.”
“You named four of nine. That’s normal, and it’s normal to remember the first and last items mentioned. That’s a trick salesmen have used successfully for ages. Ok, eucalyptus, beets, cabbage, dandelion, garlic, peppermint, flax, asparagus, fennel. Can you name them now?”
“Eucalyptus, beets, cabbage, dandelion, garlic, peppermint, flax, asparagus, fennel. How did I do?”
“You remembered the nine items in the spirit garden because of what you drank. Van, every one of these ingredients in the entire room is well known all over the world, and each item has free-standing beneficial aspects. Yet there is a symbiotic relationship in combining the ingredients that should promote optimal health, well-being, and energy. I hope to establish a ‘whole-being’ phytochemical cocktail with health benefits from head to toe. There are an additional three ingredients I receive from a source in Arizona which are not indigenous to this area. Adele has been analyzing those in her university lab. She will be here soon and I am anxious to hear the results.”
“What? She made no mention that she would be coming here.” 
“I know. I wanted to visit with you first, and the lab results were obtained after you had already left your home. You are a good man, Dr. Vance. She was right about you. I think we can move forward.”
“Joshua, you don’t answer some of my questions. Why is that? And just what would we move forward to?”
“Yes, I haven’t answered all of your inquiries and please forgive me for that. I will answer all your questions the best I can, including my past and how I became interested in this endeavor. As far as Adele, I’m sure she can fill you in when she gets here, but I can tell you, despite her brusque manner, she is my mentor and hero. And now, if you will excuse me, Van, I believe I hear the Sheriff pulling in. I have to check on Ben.”
“Who is Ben?”
“Ben is a black bear that checks up on me from time to time. The Sheriff gets a tad edgy when he sees Ben close by. I’ll be right back.”
Van sat alone in tranquil stillness, analyzing not just the “different” man named Joshua, but himself as well. He sensed a conceptual shifting, a focus toward literalness and clarity, not the standard abstraction of thought processing that lessens the human ability to concentrate for great lengths of time. He stood to test his motor skills. They were fine. Yet the shading into the right brain, the land of the savant, could not, in his experience, be accomplished without being drug induced. 

+ + + + + 

Li Xiu Ying fell ill during the Air China flight that originated from Beijing. The petite twenty-one year old female, who was excited with the anticipation of meeting her family members in Alberta, began to feel nauseated and experience shortness of breath. Perhaps the summer break from her studies at Tsinghua University, the excitement of seeing her family once again, but more likely her extreme fear of flying contributed to her discomfort. For breakfast she had eaten her normal fare, jian bing, which is a pancake made from eggs, and you tiao, a fried bread stick, so she ruled them out as the cause, though the fried eggs were more runny than usual. 
She waved to an attendant and explained she was feeling ill. She was instructed to keep hydrated at regular intervals during the remainder of the flight. The attendant provided her with six mini-bottles of water, a glass of hot ginger tea, and said if she worsened to let her know, that medical help would be provided for her upon arrival. The attendant placed the back of her hand across Li’s forehead and felt the extreme heat. Her passenger was indeed suffering. She notified the captain.
The following day Li Xiu Ying, bedfast in the Rockyview General Hospital in Calgary, died. Ultimately the post-mortem revealed the shocking truth, she had contracted the deadly H7N9 bird flu, the dreaded mutation of the original Avian Flu H5N1. The new strain, despite conflicting opinions among clinicians, could possibly be passed from human to human, unlike the H5N1 virus, which was contracted only by direct contact from fowl to human. 
The Air China airliner which carried Li, which flew from Calgary to Houston, Texas, later the same day and carried some of the same passengers who had originated in Beijing, was potentially an incubator of the deadly strain. The World Health Organization (WHO) and the Center for Disease Control (CDC) were notified immediately. 

CHAPTER THREE – Sheriff Autry Kane

Sheriff Autry Kane, a robust, barrel-chested man of maybe 40 years, whose face looked as if it had been on the receiving end of numerous flying fists, sat in the Arabica-enclosed garden with Joshua and Van. 
“Pleased to meet you Sheriff. I don’t think I’ve ever known anyone with the first name of Autry.” 
“My pleasure, Dr. Vance. You’ve come a long way to meet up with this spook. Well, put it this way, my parents were pre-hippie, more hippy-ki-yay-ki-yay. So the singing cowboy was their matinee idol and I got stuck with it. I ain’t met another Autry either.”
The Sheriff had that hybrid dialect that separated Hoosier twang from Tennessee drawl. Words oozed out of his mouth in a crawl, maybe a practiced patter of Kentucky keepers of the law. The mental image tickled Van. A group of tough guys sitting in a room practicing what he from now on would label a Krawl. Van realized his giddiness could be attributed to the potion and he resisted the urge to swig down more of it. The smile on his face was set in plaster. He couldn’t frown if he wanted to, and damn, he felt good.
Autry turned to Joshua. “You got another batch ready?”
“I do. Six Ball jars.”
Joshua poured a small amount into the third sake cup. The Sheriff happily performed the routine….the sniff, whiff, lips, and swallow.
“Excellent.” Autry then faced Van. “Before you git all righteous on me, this stuff don’t test for drugs or intoxication. It’s clean as morning dew. And it has made my job a hell of a lot easier.”
“Oh? How so?”
“Take Jeff Cook for example. He’s been in lockup two dozen times. Mean ole coot who can’t keep his hands to hisself. Beats his ole lady and his kids too. So I got to slippin’ a little elixir in the water we give him in the pokey. He ain’t been back in for two months. Word is gittin’ round that his wife is right proud of him. Even goin’ to church. So I ran some stuff by the Mrs. and she slips it in whatever he’s drinkin’. Then she got to cacklin’ bout it around town, an’ afore you know it we got us some real curious people askin’ me questions.”
Van looked at Joshua. “There’s quite a few more stories, Van. Sheriff, tell him about Mrs. Martin.”
“Well, Mrs. Martin, Linda Martin, was in terminal condition. Real bad, short-timer, up in the hospice in Somerset. That’s in Pulaski County so I had to sneak up there in my civies. Her kids found out about some of the stories I ain’t told you yet and wanted their mom to have a taste before she passed. Dr. Vance, you ain’t seen anything like it. This lady was like almost comatose, totally unresponsive when her kids talked with her, but she was able to swallow some of it. A few minutes later she opened her eyes and held out her hands to each side of the bed and grabbed on to her kids’ hands. Then she smiled and told them she was proud of them, that she loved them, and said she was ready to go. Wasn’t long after she slipped into glory. There weren’t many dry eyes that night. But the kids was real happy to git that last bit of blessin’ from their mom.”
“I don’t mean to take anything away from your story, but that often happens just before passing. So you could attribute her slight recovery to the….what do you call this stuff? Or maybe not.”
Joshua responded. “There is no name for it yet. I played around with NIL, short for No Inner Limit, but that seems a tad negative. So right now it is what it is, though the NIL moniker has stuck with the locals. We’ll hopefully know a little more when Adele arrives. As I told you, some of the ingredients come from Arizona where we have a similar setup. I can tell you that without the contribution of two of the three Arizona additives the over-all effect is lessened somewhat; especially in combatting tumor development. I am hopeful the completed results reveal that there’s nothing problematic.”
“I have so many questions I don’t know where to start. But I’ll start with this…..what negative side effects have you noticed?”
“Right now we know of none, but that wasn’t always the case.”
The Sheriff chimed in. “You see that stuff over there in the corner in the aqua section? You take that out of the equation and you ain’t gonna have much luck in the sack. You put it in more than the current level and you make the ladies real happy. And that stuff is what puts the zippity in your doo dah day. You ain’t gonna lack for energy. That an’ some of the other stuff added to it. You’ll feel like mowin’ your grass at two in the mornin’. Fact is, Joshua had to tone it down a tad from some of the earlier concoctions. So that was a side effect ‘bout a year ago.”
Joshua was next. “When we left all of the Arizona components out, there were bouts of hyperactivity and insomnia. When we increased Arizona in increments, on the high end, it resulted in drowsiness so we backed it down and found a happy medium. Also, when we left out the dandelion there were complaints of upset stomach, but when we put it back in there were no complaints. And we backed off the graviola to almost nothing since it can in some individuals act as a neurotoxin. We still use a very small amount for the pleasant flavor it adds, plus it is significant in providing vitamins B and C. I use small quantities of ginkgo since it can cause bleeding particularly among people who take warfarin, or vitamin K intolerant, or in pregnant women, and it can cause restlessness and headaches if overdosed. I have several quantities ready to go that excludes both the ginkgo and graviola, and we provide those separate preparations to a local birthing class.”
“Can you overdose?”
“It would be wise to partake in moderation but no one has reported an issue, not yet anyway. Mrs. Cook seems to run out of supply faster than the others and she appears to be fine. There is no need to ingest much more than a small amount since the effects are not increased by drinking more of it at one time.”
“When you speak of others, what do you mean? How many people have ingested it?”
“About ninety people so far, most all of them in this county. Adele uses it daily, by the way, and also has handed it out to some people around the Lexington area. She should be here by now but she is notoriously late.”
“What do you hope to accomplish? I mean, you don’t have the ability, from what I’ve seen, to mass produce a product.”
“Let’s wait on that. There’s a reason that all of us, Autry, Adele, Namanda, her chaperone, you and I are convening. Actually Namanda’s chaperone is more than that. She’s a SOT member who is partly responsible for tracking global disease. But Van, it has never been my intention to mass produce it, and if it comes to that I have limited ideas on how to accomplish it.” 
“You are not supposed to know about SOT.”
“Yes, I know, but it will all come out tomorrow. I know your area is tracking the Fukushima radiation problem and Adele’s is tracking robotics and the star wars issue. Whatever your watchdog organization does is completely safe with me. I’d like to know what you’ve found out about the problem you’re tracking if you care to share it with us.”
“An’ I ain’t sayin’ nothin’ either,” the Sheriff reassured. 
“Well, it’s fairly public information so I guess it’s all right. As you know the nuclear reactor broke up as a result of the quake and tsunami that followed in March, 2011. I’m sure you saw the horror of the Japanese people affected. It was like something Spielberg would produce, only this was real. Reactors three and four are to this day continually leaking radiation, cesium, strontium, and other radioactive toxins into the Pacific Ocean. Radioactive fuels are also burning their way down through the earth. 
I investigated a rumor that turned out to be maliciously false. The rumor was that the U.S. government, in other words the Environmental Protection Agency, had requested delivery of fourteen million doses of potassium iodide, the compound that protects the body from radiation poisoning. In other words, by inference the rumor suggested a cover up of lethal levels of radiation reaching the western hemisphere. While there has been very slight increases in the levels as far away as Texas, there is no imminent unsafe threat to our environment. 
But, if the issue isn’t fixed, it could get worse. Fish in the near shore to Fukushima are either dead or dying. Commercial fishing there is banned and there is worry the food chain of sea life will be contaminated and spread. But I don’t see it as a problem that can’t be fixed. That’s about all I’m comfortable in saying right now.”
“Ok, thank you for that, but I have to be honest with you. The radioactive level on the west coast is part of the reason you are here on Adele’s insistence. Off the coast of California and the Baha in Mexico there resides a very important ingredient to our potion. It’s a critical element to its overall efficacy especially in attacking cellular disease. If this offshore ingredient becomes contaminated we could possibly diminish the ultimate goal. It’s my hope that, with your involvement in the contamination levels, you will be able to make sense out of conflicting reports. Speaking of Adele, she is coming up the road now.”
“How do you know that?”
Autry and Joshua smiled at each other. “It’s a gift of mine, or a curse, depending on the situation. Come, we’d better go greet her before Ben does.” 

CHAPTER FOUR – Adele Meadors

“I’ll stay right here at the door, thank you.”
“I keep telling you it’s the uniform, Autry. Ben has had a couple of run-ins with the rangers. He won’t hurt you anyway, just put a scare into you. He’s all bluff and bravado. Here she comes, Van, let’s go give her a proper greeting.”
“Well, aren’t you two the southern gentlemen to give me an escort. Now get your rear in gear and get my suitcase and briefcase. My butt is as sore as a boil. I’ll carry the booze. But first give me a hug, the both of you galoots.”
Adele Meadors was not a likely candidate for a calendar girl issue. Tall, lanky, skinny as a rail, with reddish gnarled hair that would break dime store combs at first swipe, thick glasses that hid only a small portion of her freckled face, and no noticeable protrusions in her upper torso. Yet Joshua embraced her as if she was the most beautiful woman on the planet. She kissed him on the cheek, then turned to Van and said, “No kissy face for you, numbskull, you old sot. But a token hug will do. Good to see you again Dr. Vance. Enough small talk, let’s get down to some serious drinking.”
“Now Adele, you know alcohol runs counter to the product.”
“I asked Mr. Beam here what he thought,” she was looking at the fifth of bourbon in her hand, “and he said he was hankering to romance me tonight. You know me, I can’t turn down an offer like that. Hell, I’m on vacation. I’ll do what I damn well please. And it’ll take a few pulls before I decide if you guys are handsome or just wastes of testosterone.”
The three walked toward the barn when Adele spotted Autry. “Well, I’ll be damned, there’s that scaredy-cat thing behind a badge. Now Van, I don’t want you going back to your god forsaken palm tree country saying the menfolk in Kentucky are all wussies like this one here. There’s some real men around here somewhere.” Then she gave Autry a hug and a kiss on the cheek. “You know I love you, lawman.”
“No more than I love you, wench.” 
Joshua confided in a whisper to Van that when she gets the booze in her the gruff behavior gets even worse. Then he laughed. 
It was obvious he loved the woman like she was his mother. “We’ll eventually get down to some serious talk once these niceties are over, but with Adele, it might take a while.”
“I heard that, Joshua. Now before we sit down and bring this meeting to order go fetch me a tall glass with some ice in it. You other two fight it out about who gets to pull my chair out for me. Never mind, I gotta go take a leak first.” She disappeared. Obviously she knew her way around, or perhaps she was using one of the gardens. With Adele you never knew.
“How about you, Van? Care for a glass? I won’t ask Autry. He’s the law, you know.”
“No thanks, Joshua.” Actually Van wanted more NIL but stayed moot on that desire.
Joshua reappeared with the glass and also the box of Ball jars which he placed in front of Autry. “It’s the 57 so go sparingly with it.”
Van asked, “What does 57 mean?”
“Wait for Adele; where is she?”
“Relieving herself.”
“Won’t be the last time. She is a trip, isn’t she?”
“Ok, boys, let’s get this party started.” 
Van rose and pulled out the remaining chair. 
“You are getting better looking by the minute, but I gotta tell you, mister, you got a long way to go.”
“57 means there is 5.7 percent phytochemical concentration, the rest is mineral water, which by the way, is therapeutic all on its own.”
“That doesn’t sound like much.”
“Van, that’s a whole lot. You see, other products that contain many of these same ingredients are less than three percent of the good stuff, the rest is filler. And yet they have the audacity to charge as much as eighty dollars for a month’s supply. It borders on being placebo. Why? Because it’s so expensive to produce with severe limitations on raw materials. But the profit margin is excessive. It’s almost criminal. Yet people continue to pad their pockets because of slick promotions that promise the world. The FDA knows this and consequently rarely gives their seal of approval. Also, if I were to spike the concoction to as much as ten percent there is the risk of copper contamination and possibly becoming a hallucinogen. Keeping it under six percent is optimal.”
“You guys are absolutely no fun, making me drink alone.”
Van grabbed her glass and took a sip. “There, I don’t think I spat in it, but not real sure. You happy now?”
“I’d better chase this Beamer with the NIL. I don’t want no California cooties. And you ain’t better looking yet.”
“Adele, please, tell me what you’ve found out.”
“Geez, Louise.” She reached down and unsnapped her briefcase, then laid a manila folder on the table. “You want the good news first?”
“Sure.”
“Well you ain’t gonna get it. Here’s the bad news. The ocean water in the area of the limpet habitat has ‘approaching’ unacceptable contamination levels. The World Health Organization has stated that the radionuclides found in blue fin tuna have steadily increased as a result of the plume approaching North America. The contamination level in tuna near shore to California has doubled in the last twelve months, and the plume hasn’t arrived there yet. It is expected, according to the WHO calculations, to arrive along west coast shorelines by mid-2014. That’s why they say ‘approaching’ levels that could exceed maximum contaminant levels. The bottom line is that, in the future, we might not be able to use the limpet unless there’s a way to detox it and no one knows how to go about that. It could be that we shouldn’t be using it now.”
Joshua hung his head in obvious chagrin. “From either location?”
“Yep.”
Van stated, “The report you mention I’m familiar with, but there are other indications from independent monitoring systems that don’t paint such a bleak future. What is a limpet?”
Joshua responded. “It’s a sea snail, but it has to be the Keyhole limpet as opposed to other types of limpets. The Keyhole shell has a hole in the crown which resembles the old fashioned door keyholes, hence the name. It contains a hugely potent immunogenic protein that naturally induces elevations in immune response through the introduction of powerful antigens. Unfortunately for us, it’s only found in two places in the entire world, and both of those appear to be in harm’s way.”
“Just hold your britches, Joshua, all is not lost. In fact, it gets better since there are only so many K-limps and once you use them up, there’s no more. The lab broke down the molecular structure; and, lo and behold, there is a similar configuration that is abundantly more accessible. You do have some maple trees around here, right?”
“Plenty down by the river.”
“Listen to this. Guess what grows on the trunks of the maples? On the north side, if that gives you a clue?”
“Oh, my. You’re talking mold, aren’t you?”
“Strictly maple mold, but more accurately the molasses made from the mold, and the farther north the tree the better. New England? Perfect. Kentucky? Not so sure but worth a try. And here.” Adele reached down into her briefcase and produced a baggie filled with dark looking gunk. “Straight from Vermont. I need more ice, and while you fetch it, I’ll talk loud so you can hear me. There’s a tad more bad news, maybe. Your friend from Arizona is sending you, among other things, pulverized cactus flower. You know what that means?”
“You’re talking the peyote aren’t you? I’m using such a miniscule amount I didn’t think it would be traceable.”
“Yeah, it registered, so no FDA approval for you, sonny boy, not that we really need it.”
Autry piped up. “Wait, I’ve tested it. It doesn’t show at all in either urine or blood.”
“Doesn’t matter. Truth in labeling rules the roost. No narcotic is going to be approved even if it’s a trace element. You think we’d get off scot free if school children drank our stuff? We’d be cuffed and snuffed.”
“Well I’ve got to hit the road. Don’t get up, I can handle this, and I’ll see you tomorrow when I escort the guests up here.” Autry grabbed the box of Ball jars and opened the barn door a smidge, looked both ways, then took off running.
The three sat idly for a few moments.
“Why did you say “maybe” bad news about the peyote? It’s mescaline, for Pete’s sake.”
“Well, there’s a legal form of it, just not as potent, about one-fifth potency. There is a type of cactus, the Dona Ana, which gives out a much lesser quantity of the hallucinogen; and it’s legal to use Coryphantha macromeris in labeling. So it’s a matter of if it’s effective. And you’d have to give a warning about hypersensitivity, psychosis, and precautions about usage in individuals with abnormally low or high blood pressures, or so the lab rats tell me. They’re probably crack heads and know their stuff so I take their word on it. I didn’t check with the legal department. Didn’t want to stick my neck out too far.”
“I wish you had better news, but you know me. We will overcome this. It just sets us back somewhat. I’ll check with Arizona on the other type of cactus, we might be able to use it if it has the same calming and pain relieving effects. It’s a shame that the reservation can use peyote legally, yet outside the reservation it would be deemed illegal. What about the third ingredient….the hemp?”
“Good news there. The lab only showed .3 percent THC, the psychoactive chemical in marijuana; but had a very high concentration of CBD, which is cannabidiol, and that’s excellent. In other words, it is not marijuana with mind-altering properties. So it is classified by the FDA as hemp, and perfectly legal, with tremendous medicinal benefits, as you and I both know. I think you should consider growing it here. You should be able to obtain a permit if you grew it inside the barn.” 
Van needed an answer to a simple question. “I’m a little confused. What does the Arizona connection mean? It seems unnecessarily complicated to me.”
Joshua looked at Adele. “Go for it,” she said, “but I gotta use the facilities again.”

+ + + + + 

The Houston Chronicle headline was, to say the least, disturbing. BIRD FLU CLAIMS THIRD VICTIM. The story that followed told of three local residents that succumbed to the H7N9 virus. Curry Nicholson, a lift operator at the Bush International Airport, left work early complaining of nausea and headache. He would never come back to his job…..found dead at home on the third day after leaving work. Dianne Smith Tomer, an agent for Avis Car Rentals at the airport, also deceased after three days of absence. Rosa Lee Casey, a cafeteria worker at the same airport, collapsed while on the job, and later died in the St. Joseph’s Medical Center. All three airport related and all three victims of the same viral infection. Is it time to panic? Dr. Melinda Hefflefinger of St. Josephs thinks panic is premature, but concern is operative. She purports the infections may have been carried airborne, a very scary thought. The doctor said that there is a rush to prepare a suitable vaccine; but this is a mutated strain, it will take time. Do we have the time? Or is it time to say, “Houston, we have a problem?”

CHAPTER FIVE – young Joshua

“Van, as one proficient in the behavioral sciences, I think you will be interested to hear my story. I was born with severe developmental challenges in my brain. Do you want to hear my story, which is quite long, or grab a bite to eat first?”
“By all means I want to hear your story.”
“I do have a father, and I don’t. My mother was quite the player, a heavy user of street drugs and alcohol, promiscuous, and to my knowledge she had no recollection of who fathered me. Her body was laced with LSD at her death, which occurred one day after she gave birth to me. I became a John Doe and was handed over to the state of Arizona. Whether the abnormalities in my development stemmed from drug related birth defects, or what happened when I was three years old, or a combination of both, was uncertain for many years.
I was placed in a foster home with a childless couple in Springerville, Arizona. I don’t remember them at all, other than what has been told to me. The story goes that the man and his wife were often violently abusive with one another. During one altercation, when I was three, I was thrown down the basement steps which resulted in a broken arm and a cracked skull. 
Of importance to you may be that the man was spooked by me in that, when I’d sit in the backyard as a toddler, the rabbits would play with me, jump around and cuddle with me for hours on end. That occurred regularly and before the fall to the basement, if that is interesting to you. 
The woman, who thought my presence was a contributing factor to the violence, gave me away to an acquaintance, a Native American woman who lived in the White Mountain Apache Indian Reservation. I spent eleven years on the reservation, was schooled there, and became a student of the earth which underpins the Apache way of life.
An elder of the tribe, quite old when he took me under his wing, tutored me and became my ‘father’. He named me Yashua, which name was his understanding of one belonging to God. I spent a considerable amount of my formative years living with him in a cave, where he taught me volumes about ancient herbal remedies. It was during that time that the confusions began. Hallucinations. Eerie flashes of pictures that framed themselves in mosaics. Images of people I had never met, all of them talking simultaneously, saying something unheard but they were all looking at me. Dozens of them at the same time, speaking to me but I couldn’t hear them. 
As a result I had terrible problems communicating with others. Their words triggered the pictures, images that captivated my attention, so that I couldn’t respond to people’s words. The debilitation led to my becoming an outcast among my peers and even adults. I became reclusive and avoided contact, but that didn’t help with the visions that raced in my head.  But I did find something that did help. I became a student of the books in the reservation library. White mans’ books. Science books, history books, poetry, autobiographies, just about anything that had ink on paper. As I’d sit on the rock shelves of Mount Baldy, I would read from dayspring until nightfall. And I could remember everything I read, but I had difficulty expressing to others what I had read. The stories would jumble, become intertwined, and I knew it but couldn’t correct it. I couldn’t slow myself down. So I stopped talking to others altogether. I realized my brain was a super absorbent sponge, but it meant nothing since it wouldn’t sort itself out. So I left the reservation at age fourteen.
That is the first part, but before I go to the second, do you have questions?”
“I have questions but please continue,” Van replied. Adele had her eyes closed the entire discourse. She was unusually quiet. Joshua used his gift of perception, his telepathic gift, and stated that Adele knew his story, in response to which Adele briefly opened her eyes and smiled at Van. 
“I hitched a ride to Tulsa and lived homeless in the wooded areas on the banks of the Arkansas River. I was beaten up by another homeless man there. I had stolen a loaf of Italian bread and offered him some of it. He wanted all of it. He also stole my possessions, which amounted to a change of clothes and a transistor radio.
I attempted to shoplift some clothing the following day but was caught. The manager of the thrift shop noticed my bruises and cuts, walked me to a section of the store and gave me some pants, a shirt, sweatshirt, and jacket, then sent me on my way out the back door. It was an act of kindness that meant the world to me. He offered to take me to a shelter but I refused, instead I stuck out my thumb and eventually after a few lifts landed in St. Louis.
I stayed in downtown St. Louis, at the Sunshine Mission for over a year. Paul Mcnally, the overseer, took a special interest in me. He brought me books to read and had me do odd jobs which put a few dollars in my pocket, enough to go the corner Crown Mart to get a sandwich. 
One day he handed me an old, tattered text book entitled Human Biology. I devoured it. I read the entire book in two days, then repeated reading it for days on end. I had visions that emanated from the book’s diagrams. I became, in my illusory imagery, infinitely small, able to enter into my own body’s cells, each one became as large as an auditorium. I walked around in the cells, dodging the bullets of free radicals that zinged by me, that bounced off my cell lining, leaving scars and pockmarked wounds on the cell walls. It was a dangerous place, a war being fought in each cell I entered. I stepped over tiny ropes of reticulum and microfilaments that crisscrossed, making progress arduous. I found an open door to the mitochondria room and entered. Inside there were tiny bursts of liquids that lasted just a microsecond. I dodged those and found in the center of the room a lever that moved in accordance with the microbursts of liquids. I had found the energy center. I moved the lever up and the bursts of liquids became streams, continuous streams until I lowered the lever. When I lowered the lever to its lowest extreme, the illumination dimmed, so I restored it to how I had found it, and the din of renewed energy resumed. Again outside the mitochondria, I came across a gelatinous structure, quite large and pulsating with no apparent entry except for tiny perforations too small for me to enter, so I peeled my way inside through a thick, clingy substance. Inside the round room were spiraling ladders and a control desk with an operator that continuously directed activity. I stepped closer to the operator and recognized the face, it was my face, in the nucleus, in the operations center. I began to shake uncontrollably. Joshua, Joshua, wake up man, you’re dreaming and shaking all over. 
It was Kevin Bowdler shaking me, one of the residents of the shelter. Even though it was a dream, it was the onset of my fascination, my compulsion to understand the remarkable human body, and my body in particular. Adele has heard all of this before, haven’t you?”
“Yes, I’ve heard it word for word as you told it to me eighteen years ago. And Van, keep in mind he was only fifteen at this point in his story.” 
“I also took a similar trip through my brain, which was equally astounding to me, but I will skip that and fast forward to when I met Adele. Van, do you want me to proceed?”
“Please do, I am fascinated. But will it hurt if I take another little sip?”
Joshua laughed as did Adele. “Let’s all do,” he mused.
“To continue, Mr. Mcnally approached me one day and said he knew of a job opportunity I might like but it would entail moving to Lexington, Kentucky. When I learned it was to work in a health food store I jumped at the chance. So I hitched to the bluegrass and met store owner Liz Holstock, a truly beautiful woman inside and out, who had a heart of pure gold. I loved working there but I had no money to obtain a roof over my head, so I lived in an alleyway close to the University. A Lexington cop, Jack Meadors, jerked me from my sleep late one night and took me to the station, booked me on vagrancy charges, and I spent the rest of the night and next day in the slammer. Then I heard ‘you have a visitor’ and saw a lady standing outside the cell bars. And there she sits. Before I go on, I love you Mrs. Meadors.”
Adele rose and hugged Joshua with tears in her eyes. “Honey chile, you don’t even know. But can we take a break? I gotta go again.”
Van asked as Adele was leaving, “So Jack the cop is Adele’s husband?”
“Indeed, only now he’s Detective Meadors. Are you hungry?”
“Getting there. So when in Tulsa, then St. Louis and afterwards Lexington, were you still having hallucinations?”
“Yes, but I was learning to deal with it better. Adele was the one who broke me free from it.”
“Wow, I’m vitally interested in which regimen she took you through. So the Arizona connection, the things you use to complete the NIL, the items come from the Indian reservation?”
“Yes, that’s correct. Van, while we’re alone I need to tell you that Adele has cancer.” 
“Ohhhh no,” Van hung his head in his hands. “Where is it and how far along?”
“She had both breasts removed, but it’s moved into her lymph nodes. She’s taking an experimental drug and that’s what is causing her need for the bathroom. Here she comes back.”
“Hey you galoots, let’s go stretch our legs, sit outside and watch the stars come out. They are magnificent down here in the hills.”
“There are some Adirondack chairs behind the barn. You two take a seat back there, and I will bring something to munch on. Edamame, capers, a little curry for dipping, a cracker or two. How’s that sound?”
“Perfect, but what about Ben?” Jamison asked.
“Haha, I hope he comes by here. We got a thing goin’, me and him.”
“You’re kidding, a bear?”
“He’s better looking than you.”
Van studied his female friend. His mind was wracked in anguish for her, yet she carried on in a valiant effort to live life fully. Could it be that her brash talk is a defense mechanism, a maneuver to divert the pity of others? The thought impressed him. He hoped he would have been so strong if it had been him with the disease.
“Adele, does this mixture of Joshua’s have legs? I mean, you and I both know there’s a myriad of hurdles in his way. But if he’s really on to something here, the sky is the limit for him. And another thing, Namanda, being developmentally delayed in some areas, wouldn’t it be taking a chance with her if she was given the potion?”
“Let me say this. It has curative properties, Van. I will ingest it until the day I die. That’s how strongly I believe in what he has here. As far as Namanda goes, she, with her parents’ full consent and prompting, would not spend a fortune which they’ve done in relation to how much money they have, to make this trip without full disclosure of the potential risks. They want this to happen desperately.”
The sun had set in the west. The valley below their feet was lost to the darkness. The two sat and gazed at the purple-black sky that topped the distant pines. A head popped up, then two. Just their heads rising above the slope. Staring. Wondering. When Joshua returned and sat he murmured something guttural, and the heads ascended into approaching bodies. The two deer stood directly in front of the humans, face to face. Joshua handed the edamame pods to Van and instructed him to feed them. Squeamishly he offered his laden hand out. Inch by inch the creatures neared and then the connection was made. They politely ate from his hand, then abruptly bound down the slope. Joshua said they had caught the scent of Ben in the wafting breeze. 
“I’ve never experienced anything remotely close to that; wow, I am amazed.”
“They liked you, Van.”
“You got some sick deer around here then,” Adele could not stop her good natured jabbing, though Van thought she was taking it over the top. He debated saying something but let it go.
“Eat. There’s more if you want. 
So anyway that’s how I met Adele. From my jail cell. The first thing she did was take me to a real restaurant, not the Styrofoam ones, and fed me real food. She took me to Macy’s, a real store that had new, unworn things in the Fayette Mall, fancier than anything I’d ever seen, and bought me clothes and shoes. When I told her I had probably lost my job she said that I hadn’t, she had already taken care of that. I remember hanging my head in embarrassment and shame in her car, yet being so very appreciative of the angelic woman who had appeared out of nowhere. My Apache ‘father’ prophesied that it would happen just like it did, but I never believed it would, not until it really did come true.
I lived with Adele and Jack for well over a year in their fine Tates Creek home. She was the first real mother figure I ever knew. I tried to earn my keep by mowing the lawn, straightening the garage, primping in her garden, shoveling snow, and faking interest in her passion…..basketball. Oh my, talk about crazy people over a stupid sport. Meanwhile I worked and learned at Miss Holstock’s Mother Earth store. Adele encouraged me to start my own garden at the rear of their property, which I did, half knowing what to do, the other half clueless about how to raise and care for exotics. But by the end of summer there was abundant evidence of my labor, and we all ate heartily from what once were mere seeds. The feeling of accomplishment was overwhelming.
She snuck me into her psych classes for a while, then finagled a way for me to attend some classes in the biological and agricultural engineering courses.”
“Stop right there, Joshua. I didn’t risk anything. I went as high as the President of the University and explained what I had found in you. He agreed to allow you to sit in on classes without being matriculated. You couldn’t have been, you had no high school degree. Do you ever remember taking a test?”
“No, the prof took no notice of me.”
“Oh yes he did, believe me, he did. He confided in me that he knew you were well advanced of your ‘classmates’, even though he never called on you to participate.”
Van took the opportunity to ask, “What I’m interested in is what happened to the hallucinations and disconnection syndrome? That’s what it was, or is, right Adele?”
“Yep, you get an A Dr. Vance. We did a scan and saw some damage, some lesions in the cerebrum white matter axons. There was no damage in the cortex so the diagnosis was predictable, expressive aphasia. There were no dysarthria or reception issues. We came to the conclusion that the lesions were caused by the fall down the steps at age three. So a speech therapist worked with him on the “leaping” of thoughts among other things, like the TUF linguistic approach, and we prescribed Piracetam which proved effective. We reactivated some lost function by using transcranial magnetic stimulation, TMS, to suppress inhibitors. All in all there was noticeable improvement in Joshua’s ability to reply to communication.”
Van interrupted. “Was it audiovisual senses out of sync, as in autism?”
“It was, which was tagged ‘leaping’ by the therapist. Similar to seeing captioned words well out of sequence to a movie scene. As you know, autistic children often put their hands over their ears while visually focusing on something. They want to use one sense at a time. Joshua had similar disconnection, but further complicated by what we would have to call telepathy. We couldn’t find a directory that would give us a clue as to the source of his telepathic abilities. Does anybody really know where to find that? I wouldn’t know where to look, would you?”
“Joshua, do you have telepathic abilities?” Van asked.
“Adele forgot to mention one thing. During that time I ate beets every day and I still do. I had learned of the rush of nitric oxide that beets can provide. It’s one of the power elements in my formula that many overlook. Ok, about the telepathic ability. Sometimes, not all the time. For instance when we first sat and talked, I knew what your second question would be while you were asking your first question. So I avoided answering you for fear I would answer the second question first. That’s what the therapist labeled as ‘leaping’. So is it telepathy? You tell me. I know where Ben is right now. Is that telepathy? Will it rain tomorrow? I have no idea, but I would bet you some of the animals would know that in advance. What scientific term would you ascribe to that?”
Adele discerned the two men were headed for an impasse. Telepathy can be a polarizing topic. In the scientific community the paranormal is discarded as capricious fiction, so she shifted gears, but wondered why Joshua had minimized his gift. And then it dawned on her. Joshua was reading Jamison’s skeptical mind. 
“Van, this property is a big old place, nearly three hundred acres. See those hills to each side and in front of us? The downslopes on the far sides end at the Cumberland River which makes a big horseshoe bend around all these hills you see. Tomorrow I hope we have time to explore. Joshua’s got a bunch of interesting vegetation up in dem dar hills and the views are splendid. I’m getting tired, you buffoons, what are the sleeping arrangements? Put me somewhere safe from this ugly mess of a man sitting next to me.”
“Follow me.” Joshua led Van and Adele to the logged structure, but Van had no desire to retire this early, he was still three hours lagging behind the local time, and he had a ton of concerns. Trepidations actually. He needed answers, the most insistent of which was why was he here? 

+ + + + + 

General Hargrove’s war-hardened face furiously reddened. “I could give a coon’s ass about the damn bird flu, Senator. If Taiwan for God’s sake has a vaccine, then so should we. The future depends on Operation Impervious and I’m not going to allow the damn flu to get in the way.” Senator Collins shook his head in disbelief. What Hargrove was advocating was darkly nefarious. Didn’t he remember Agent Orange? Impervious is immoral, and so is restricting funds toward the growing threat of the airborne H7N9 virus that kills thirty percent of its carriers. But since when did Washington care about morals? Not since Reagan, and half of his constituents didn’t know who Ronald Reagan was or what he stood for.

CHAPTER SIX – Connecting dots

“Don’t be flitting out of here Van, we’ve got some serious talking to do.”
“Good. And I’ve got some serious questions, like what is this really all about, and why in the hell am I here?”
“Sit down, man, you make me nervous.” He did as instructed.
“First, Jack and I more or less own this place. We have a ninety-nine year lease with the National Park Service. All three hundred acres, and we give Joshua a thousand bucks a month to run it. It isn’t much, but he makes do. Someday Jack and I will retire down here, maybe ten years from now. We’ve got a spot located up on top that’s five hundred feet above the river. Tremendous southwestern views and a great place for a mountain cabin. I hope to show it to you tomorrow.
Second, I overheard Joshua tell you I have cancer. Look, I have had it and still do, but the tumors are shrinking, and it’s all because of Joshua’s invention. So you see, I have a vested interest in what is happening here. There’s additional reasons too.
Third, Joshua goes by the last name of Meadors. Jack won’t quite give in on my plea to adopt him legally. I suppose he thinks there might be a mess with the estate situation in case the cancer beats me. But we had to make him somebody on paper, or else he couldn’t get a job, or a phone, or a driver’s license, or whatever. So Meadors is a bogus name for now. He really didn’t have a last name before we had fake papers made for him. He didn’t finish his story, but if he did he would mention that we were able to get him accepted at the Purdue College of Agriculture under a little known entitlement to Native Americans. He graduated with honors majoring in Crop Sciences.
Fourth, although he is extremely intelligent he has always bucked the idea of making millions of dollars from this. His heart yearns for the little guy, the homeless, the crippled, the castaways, of which he and his former Apache family are but a small sample. Deep inside he is bitter about how society turns a blind eye to those who hurt and desperately need a helping hand. Remember him telling about the visions, the mosaic of strangers’ faces, mouthing unheard words to him? He now believes he was and is destined to not only hear them but also do something about their plights. He is distressed that one-sixth of all Americans are living below the poverty level. His heart aches for the children who have little to nothing to eat, and he is horrified by the spike in violence among America’s youths.
Fifth, he is careful. He realizes that if he can successfully pull this off, there will be, not could be, will be serious consequences, perhaps even life threatening. For that reason he is keeping a tight lid on his discoveries. To the best of our knowledge not one of the locals know that the potion is created right here on this remote mountain. Autry has been the sole delivery system and he is the only one, we hope, that knows what happens here. Jamison, pharmaceutical espionage is rampant and serious business. For that matter so is the mighty government capable of playing a dangerous game. It may come about that certain entities would kill for the formula. Not that someone like a Pfizer would want to use it, they’d be more interested in shelving it so that their drug sales wouldn’t take a hit. I don’t think you’ll think we’re crazy for being suspicious when I tell you what else is going on. 
Sixth, as you know my assignment for the Searchers of Truth is robotics and star wars, which program encompasses more than just space warfare. I’ve uncovered that the US military is currently on the cutting edge of introducing a drug that would completely desensitize our soldiers. The result would be soldiers having no remorse in seeing an enemy or a comrade die. He could mistakenly shoot and kill innocent civilians in the cause of war and not have it haunt him the rest of his life. The Pentagon is fully funding the research and development of the drug. It’s called Operation Impervious and it has the ear of Washington big time because billions of dollars could be saved in servicing post-traumatic stress disorders. The detractors are saying that ‘Ok, what happens when the retired soldier kills his wife and kids without remorse, or what happens when the drug gets out on the black market?’ The last thing the military would want to see foul their plans is a supplement that would create a counterproductive threat. They want this super soldier badly. Joshua’s product elicits peace, sanity, and tremendous healing properties. See the friction there?”
“I still don’t see how I’m in the picture, but I am following you so far and you’ve answered some of my concerns.”
“Just wait, I’m getting there. Seventh, the chaperone accompanying Namanda is Tracy Lockard Dobblelaere, a SOT member assigned to global health issues. Tracy teaches French and English at the University of Delhi, India. She will tell us tomorrow that the new strain of bird flu has claimed the lives of hundreds of Chinese, but the Red Army government doesn’t seem to be concerned. To them, what are hundreds in relationship to its one billion inhabitants?  But it’s spreading fast. India is infected. She will tell us more tomorrow, but if we don’t get a handle on this potential pandemic quickly we’re all in trouble. And now for how you fit in.
Number eight, that’s you bud. I don’t believe for a second that the report laying on Joshua’s lounging table is accurate. There is so much misinformation out there about the Japanese reactor damage that it is critical for us to know for sure whether the limpet is usable or not. I read the damn report. It’s obvious to me the crack heads that filled it out didn’t do any lab work at all, they simply called somebody in California and had a report faxed to them. How do we know it’s true? Nobody really seems to know. Van, it’s the blood of the Keyhole Limpet that is capable of closing the receptors on a cancer cell. You close down enough of those gateways, the growth accelerator can be retarded sufficiently to allow the immune system to win the battle. We’ve seen it at work in me and others we haven’t told you about. We think it would also be effective in fighting flu viruses, but we need the damn snail in our pocket. Do you know, or can you find out the truth? It’s extremely important.”
“Ok, Adele, thank you for all that, but I have an extremely urgent issue. Where is the bathroom?”
“Ladies first.”
Van stepped outside to relieve himself and was in the middle of that production when he noticed the black bear twenty feet in front of him. He slowly back tracked while still letting it flow; but when the bear took a step toward him, he squeezed the plumbing off and quickly sought the safety of the door. 
“Hey, numb nuts, your fly is open. I’m married, you know.”
“Oh, uh, I’m sorry, I was distracted. Now let me ask a few questions; but is there something to eat in here?”
“Let’s take a look. But go wash your hands first.”
“What did you find?” He asked with clean hands.
“Look at this, would you?” Adele held the fridge door open while Van peeked inside. Row upon row of Ball jars, each numerically coded with grease pen. He grabbed one and read the labelling. T41, E13, P57. “What in the world?”
“I’d say T stands for trial, E for entry maybe. I don’t know, we’ll have to ask him, but I’d bet it has to do with how he has made many trials using different combinations and weights of the raw materials. There’s a whole head of lettuce here. You want half? And he’s got some ranch dressing here in the door, but it’s marked with pen. Let’s see, it says SPIKED. I suppose that means he’s mixed in the product with it. So, a salad with dressing, that ok?”
“Let’s go for it. Is there salt?”
“Here, up in the cabinet. A salt shaker and it’s labeled too. SALT, then underneath was written P-mix. Must be some pepper mixed in.”
 Van dabbed some of the salt on his wetted finger and then tasted it. “Uh, Adele, I think I know what the P stands for.”
“What?”
“I’m guessing its Peyote. Want some?”
Adele placed two separate plates on the counter, each with half of the lettuce head covered in the racy ranch dressing. “This one is mine, let me have that shaker.” To put it mildly she was generous with the salt. Van was dainty, just one shake. They sat crossed legged on the floor, facing each other and used the coffee table, which was actually a knotty pine trunk, to eat the not so glamorous snack.
“What’s bizarre to me is that you’ve mentioned, let’s see, Japan, China, India, pandemic, super soldiers, big pharmaceuticals, and then you don’t flinch an eye when suggesting that global issues somehow have a nucleus in this tiny secluded forest. Doesn’t that strike you as being rather bathed in grandiose thinking?”
“Do you remember who Eddie Rickenbacker was?”
“Of course, I’ve read one of his books. He was a WW1 flying ace who later owned and operated the Indianapolis Motor Speedway and headed up Eastern Airlines. Quite the hero, he was.”
“Do you know about the time he and some crewmen had to ditch their B17 in the Pacific?”
“Tell me about it.”
“Something went awry with the archaic navigation system, so they were way off course to refuel the plane. They had to ditch in the ocean when it ran out of gas. Eddie and the men set themselves adrift in a survival raft. After two weeks of the men being missing the search for them nearly was abandoned, but Eddie’s wife prevailed and persuaded them to search for one more week. The drifters ran out of food in three days after ditching. They were starving and one of them died of starvation and was buried at sea. Of course, the men had little else to do but pray. Then one blistering day a sea gull landed on top of Rickenbacker’s head. Somehow he was able to catch it. The survivors ate a little bit of the bird but used the bulk of it as bait. And the fish they caught kept them alive until finally they were spotted by a rescue plane after they had spent twenty-four days at sea.”
“Ok? And?”
“Van, this tiny secluded forest, as you call it, is the sea gull. Can’t you see it? The answer to prayer, a miracle, a tiny little life form in the midst of the world’s largest tempestuous ocean. And the tiny thing gave life to otherwise surely dead men. Is it grandiose thinking to think that great things start from small beginnings? I don’t think so. I am a believer, and so is Joshua, and we’d like you to come on board with us. Where’s my bottle of Jim Beam?”
“You see, I hear you say Joshua wants to stay small, help the little guy, do his little thing, but then you blow it up to a Merck-like mega operation. And my coming aboard? What does that mean?”
Adele started to laugh, holding her curled up fists over her mouth, as if to muffle a girlish giggle. “Excuse me, I just thought that was funny. And why are you being so damned serious? I don’t want you to become a board, I said we’d like you to come on board, silly you, but you do kind of look like a board. Actually, if you remember Mr. Peabody and his buddy Sherman, you remind me of Mr. Peabody.” 
She placed her hand over her mouth, looked down toward her legs in the form of a pretzel, her shoulders bouncing in suppressed laughter, then…….”Bwahahahaha,” in an explosion of youthful mirth. The peyote had gripped her funny bone which of course became a contagion in the room, with two full grown, well-educated academics acting like giddy pre-teenagers. When the raucousness partially subsided, Adele made an attempt to return to the real world, asking, “Van, I bet you wore bell bottoms at one time, didn’t you?”
“Ha, I had bells and a psychedelic shirt with balloon sleeves, suede boots, and hair to my shoulder. All of us kids in my sixth grade class wore the latest imitations of the Mod Squad, remember that? Damn we thought we were hip.”
Adele giggled, “I remember Linc and Pete, what was Peggy Lipton’s character name?”
“Julie, I think. My mom and dad watched that show like it was a religion. They were hippie, flower power love children. We even had a VW mini bus for a while. Then came Star Wars and the shift to sci-fi buried the old polyester way and ushered in the new electronic world. Wow, things change don’t they?”
“So you’re in your mid-fifties, huh? Same as me and I watched Mod Squad too, along with a ton of others, like I Spy. I still love Bill Cosby. And yes, things change, most of the time little insignificant moves from one idea to another, but sometimes there is a defining change, one that carves out a path. Do you ever think about how things could have been different had you not taken a certain pathway?”
“Of course. But, in retrospect, I’m satisfied with how it’s turned out for me. I have never married, but was very close at one time. Had that happened, who knows what different road I would have travelled? How about you, are you happy with how things worked out for you?”
“That I am. But I have cabin fever, you know, the midlife craving for something new. I am so into this, Jamison, and so is Jack. We’ve got a fairly large investment of time and money at risk here, and I wouldn’t have it any other way. In fact, what Joshua has going on here is the most exciting thing I’ve ever been involved with. I’d rather follow my own dreams instead of sweating under someone who is following theirs. And forget the Merck-like thing you mentioned, Van. I didn’t mean to convey that our ambitions were that large. We just want to make a difference and go slowly about it.”
“I know you’re enthused and I’m excited for you. Forgive me for not catching the vision, at least not yet.”
“Maybe tomorrow you will get a clearer idea. And now I really am sleepy, Mr. Peabody, but thanks for the laugh. We both needed it I’m sure. If there is one thing I can professionally advise you, Dr. Vance, take some time off from your too serious outlook. Take time to laugh and enjoy the little things.”
Adele clumsily uncurled and rose to her feet. Van jumped at the chance to fly onto the couch behind her. She was right, he was too serious. After years of hearing the despair of hundreds of subjects he had forgotten how to laugh. He knew laughter was a salve for the soul, had counselled his subjects as such, yet found no mirth in himself. And that was a tragedy. Perhaps if he had cancer in his body he would see things differently like Adele’s obvious perception of living life to the fullest.

+ + + + + 

Jackie Bingham rested her elbows on the desk, both hands cupping her forehead as she read the release from the World Health Organization. Worldwide: 288. China: 197. India: 28. Japan: 2. Europe: 8. Asia: 4. Indonesia: 4. Africa: incomplete. Australia/New Zealand: 0. Scandinavia: 0. Canada: 8. USA: 9. Central America: 1. South America: 8. All the deaths attributable to the H7N9 Avian Flu Virus, most all of them from ARDS (acute respiratory distress syndrome). Clearly the epimediology would indicate the source would be found in China, but where, how, and what to do about it? Her concerns as the assistant director of infectious diseases at the Center for Disease Control were the nine deaths in the United States. She would respond in two ways: implement a standardized report that would require clinicians suspecting the virus to report to their state health departments for verifiable confirmation, and second, obtain the passenger list of flight 272 Air China that landed in Houston, Texas. The latter would be a mess to handle considering the field work to chase down the passengers, but she would take no chances. It had to be done.

CHAPTER SEVEN – NIL?

Irene Ralston, RN, took time out from her rounds to join Doctor Senen in the visitor’s lounge. When the good doctor saw that Irene was approaching he saw his chance to gracefully escape. But the miraculous recovery of little Pamela made for an extended, happy confrontation unlike the sad ones that normally prompted surgeons like himself to run and hide. This was a joyous, but tearful, announcement that seven year old Pamela was cancer free. It’s what kept a medic like himself going. The doctor congratulated them. They would see their courageous daughter in a wedding dress someday and hold grandbabies in their arms eventually. Doctor Senen excused himself rather than dampen the elated spirits of the parents by warning them that recurrence was likely. Complete remission, no lymphocytic leukemia cells found, was nonetheless a victory even if only temporary. A big win over a tough opponent. Mrs. Tompkins ran to embrace Irene who also had acquired an ample amount of tears. She always did at times like these. 
After the exodus of the doctor she directed the Tompkins to a consultation room and explained the post-remission therapy and schedule for return visits to monitor blood cell development. They were told that there would be ongoing chemotherapy in the form of a pill regimen taken at regular intervals over a twelve to sixteen week period. She tried her best to give them high hopes; but remission from ALL, the acrostic for acute lymphocytic leukemia, was rarely everlasting. Mr. and Mrs. Tompkins nodded with understanding and assured Irene that they would do whatever was needed, and that they were so very thankful for what all the staff at the Greenview Regional Hospital had done. Mr. Tompkins, the quiet one, then said they’d be sure to keep her on the NIL, the God-sent dosage that he was convinced was the answer to their prayers. That was an alarming announcement to Nurse Ralston. Mixing another type of unknown treatment with cytarabine could have dire consequences, even a fatal reaction. 
“Mr. and Mrs. Tompkins, please know that you should never administer a secondary drug without the doctor’s implicit approval; it can be catastrophic to Pamela’s health and recovery.”
“Oh, NIL isn’t a drug. It’s just something healthy to drink,” said the husband squeamishly. Alice Tompkins slapped him on the knee, a move not unnoticed by Irene. 
“I can’t urge you strongly enough. Do not play doctor at home. I want you to bring me this NIL thing as soon as you can, but DO NOT use it until we see what it is, you hear?”
“Don’t worry, Irene. Virgil has forgotten that we stopped the NIL long before she entered the hospital. We live about two hours away from Bowling Green, so would you mind if we delayed bringing it to you until our first scheduled visit?”
“That will be fine. But please don’t play God on this, please? Oh, and don’t forget your daughter. She’s all ready to go and there’s a wheelchair right at the door to her room.”
“We will follow your instructions to the letter, and thank you so much.” Alice rose out of the chair and lifted Virgil by the elbow. 
After the goodbyes, hugs, and handshakes were over Irene walked a straight line to the nursing center. This wasn’t the first time she had heard the word NIL, but she couldn’t remember the patient, some two months ago, only that the attendant doctor had written ’What is NIL?’ on the time sheet.
“Marie, what is NIL? 
“Oh, that’s what I get out of my husband.”
“No, seriously, have you ever heard of a drug called NIL?”
“No, honey, let’s look it up.” Marie, the station nurse, grabbed the PDR and turned several pages. “I don’t see anything in here named that, unless it’s new. Let me go online and check on that. Umm, let’s see, NIL, no darlin’, nothing like that on the update here.”
“A couple of months ago I saw that word written on a patient’s time sheet but I can’t remember who it was. It was on my shift so it might have been Stevens on duty. Is he here tonight?”
“Yeah, he’s here somewhere.”
“If you see him would you tell him I’d like to speak with him? Better yet, ask him if he was the one who wrote “What is NIL?” If so, I need to talk with him right away. Ok?”
“Sure thing, Irene.”

Alice Tompkins, volcanically hot under the collar, royally reamed out her husband as they sat in the car. “You know we weren’t supposed to say anything about that. What if they find out we were sneaking it in all the while she was here? Damn, Virgil, where is your head at? Never mind, I already know the answer to that.”
“I’m sorry, Pumpkin, it slipped out and I didn’t know how to recover.”
“Dammit, Virgil, Autry will skin us alive if he finds out.”
“Mommy, do you have some NIL with you? I missed taking it today.”
“Sure thing, honey.” Alice reached inside her handbag and produced the vial.

“You wanted to see me?”
“Oh, yes, Doctor Stevens, I do. About two months ago I saw on a patient’s time sheet ‘What is NIL?’ Did you write that? The reason I’m asking is that I heard the same word tonight with the Tompkins girl.”
“Yes, I wrote that. It was something mentioned by the parents as I remember. That was a Hodgkin’s remission case, Humphries the last name. Marie will have the file.”
“I am beginning to wonder if it is a Mexican wonder drug finding its way up here.”
“We’d better find out. That could be a monster headache for everyone concerned.”
“I’ll get on it.”
“Be sure to check the samples. If it’s a drug it will show up in the blood, but I can’t remember anything suspicious with the Humphries case.”
Doctor Senen, whom the staff had surreptitiously nicknamed Pepe, the lover, joined the huddled group. “What’s up?”
“Have you heard of something called NIL?” Irene asked.
“Yeah, it’s the amount of improvement in my golf game.”
“I think we’d better lay the files side by side and examine the lab work,” Stevens added.
“What are you talking about?”
“Seems like two of our patients, both in remission, were, and are self-medicating. One of them is mine, the other yours.”
The two doctors examined the files, glancing at each other’s for comparison. “Look at this, damn near the same in every marker, like they were taken from the same person. Look at the high level of nitric oxide. You know what, these are phytochemical markers. We’re looking at a neutraceudical concoction. Marie, check to see if there’s a NIL listed in the phyto-supplement market. If not, we’re probably looking at a snake oil. Where does your patient live? Mine is listed as Beulah Heights.”
“Mine is Parkers Lake. I’ve never heard of either place. Where are they?”
“Marie, find out where these two places are. I’ll be back after a while.” Doctor Senen walked off to attend to room 205.
Stevens stuck around while Marie did the search. “They are both little hamlets in McCreary County, and the two places are like five miles apart, way out in the sticks. McCreary is south of Somerset and borders the Tennessee line.”
“Not much we can do about it, but Marie, get Legal on the hook and see what they think.”
“What stands out to me is that both patients are CR, complete remission,” Irene remarked.
“Marie, see if we currently have anyone from around that immediate area admitted, ok? I’ll be back later.” Stevens and Ralston both left the station and went their separate ways.
 
CHAPTER EIGHT – Mountain wilderness

Van checked his watch…..seven a.m. his time, ten a.m. local. Convinced that he was alone in the rustic wooden cabin, he stripped and turned on the water in the shower, which was no larger than a phone booth. The warm water felt good, and he was surprised at how alive he felt, a vibrancy that trumped his concern that he would feel somewhat hung-over and in a fugue state. Quite the opposite. He was invigorated. Given his bent toward the couch potato coterie, he was surprised to find himself running in place in the tiny bathroom. The aberrant energy burst was as if some ripped and always ready exercise freak had taken control of his body and was making him smile into the mirror. He hadn’t felt this way in, what, twenty years maybe? Thirty years?
The morning sky did not match his exuberance. Low flying dark clouds raced southward, the billows tickling the crowns of the mountain pines. He was thankful he had brought a long-sleeved flannel shirt just in case. For the third week in June this was nippy, but it felt refreshing and was an added contributor to the spring in his steps toward the barn.
“It’s about time, sleeping beauty.” Adele was seated with Joshua in the Arabica enclosed lounge. She had not lost her affinity for sarcasm which was thinly disguised behind a wide smile.
“Come sit. There’s coffee and a breakfast croissant,” Joshua added. “How are you feeling this morning?”
“Stimulated. Like I want to floor the gas pedal. I’m feeling as racy as a gazelle.”
Joshua smiled and looked at Adele. “We have been talking about that while waiting for you.” Joshua poured his homemade java into Jamison’s cup. “Before we go for a walk I want to ask your opinion. Namanda will be arriving in about four hours. Van, are you familiar with the Purkinje cells in the cerebellum, or rather with the consequences of the failure or loss of those cells?”
“If I said anything at all it would expose my ignorance; but yes, I’ve read a little about them. And by the way, this coffee is excellent.”
“Adele and I have been questioning the ethics of letting Namanda absorb the NIL. Adele tells me she possesses one of the most beautiful minds in the world. Is it ethical to try to change that gift? Would it have been a service to humanity to alter the mind of Einstein, Henry Ford, Van Gogh, Mozart, Thomas Jefferson, Mark Twain, or the many others who displayed the symptoms of what would later be labelled autism? I don’t fear that the boost of energy would prompt a seizure. My concern would be the creation of new neurons that would activate the Purkinje cells and thereby possibly, in the long run, “normalize” her. What are your thoughts?”
“I remember you saying that the parents, and Namanda, were fully apprised and therefore were supporting the visit, which would include the introduction of the NIL. Didn’t I hear you say that?”
“Yes, you heard that, but it was Adele who said it. The question becomes, ‘Should we?’ Let’s go for a walk, Adele wants to show you her tiny secluded forest.”
Van understood the not so disguised dig. It was obvious the two had been talking about him and his perception of their big picture. The thought, “Mr. Gorbacev, tear down this wall!” mysteriously emerged from his own memory cabinet. And there was a wall, his years of accumulated science had built it bulkhead strong. He resolved that on this day he would attempt to understand the obliqueness being presented to him. He owed that to his hosts.
The three walked toward the rising slope to the east side of the barn. During the approach, Adele said, “Van, Namanda has a high functioning ASD, which you know is autism spectrum disorder. She has nearly normal motor skills. What you haven’t been told is that there is a child who lives close to here, a twelve year old girl who had the low functioning motor skills of a six year old. Autry gave the parents a small batch of the NIL three months ago and those parents have begged Autry on their hands and knees for more. They’ve noticed small incremental improvements in Peggy’s advancement in coordination and communication skills. She now can string together many more sentences. She doesn’t lose her balance as often, and she doesn’t look away from her parents when speaking, at least not all the time. It’s like she has advanced two years in three months’ time.”
“There is no known cure for autism, you know that.” There was that wall again, so he added, “But I’m listening.”
“Good for you.” 
The slope had increased to a steeper incline which made the footing slippery due to the bed of slimy carpet of last winter’s mildewed leaves. There was still a considerable distance to the crest. 
“Van, despite Joshua’s desire to keep himself out of the public eye, the word is getting around out here in the boondocks. It won’t be long before this tiny secluded forest becomes the focus of a broader awareness.”
There was the dig again. “I suppose that does seem inevitable.” 
They reached a grassy plateau but not before Van’s ears had popped. There was still more climbing to do as they turned southward on a fairly well-worn narrow trail through the pines. Once they had scaled the remaining incline the trail levelled out along the top of the ridge. After a few hundred more paces Jamison stopped and caught his breath in awe. They had reached a clearing which provided a view over miles and miles of rolling hilltops that imitated the swells of an angry sea. Far below his feet, five hundred feet perhaps, was the Cumberland River, lazily oozing southward before bending to the west out of view. Jamison imagined how majestic the scene would be in the explosive color of October. 
“Let’s keep walking, there is quite a way to go before we make a full lap back to the barn. When we come to the turn to the west, there are some chairs where we can take a momentary rest. Van, what would you say is the state of mental health care in this country?”
“It is disappearing because of neglect and lack of funding. No one that I know is voicing concern. Is that your understanding as well?” 
Van, as well as many others in his discipline had deep concerns about the incongruity between the decline of the availability of mental health care and the rise of the incidence of mental illness, especially among the young. Rarely a day passed without hearing of a school shooting, or mall shooting, theater shootings, or horrific stories of dead parents.
“In the last six years, funding provided by the individual states for psychiatric care has shrunk by eighty percent. The number of beds available to the mentally ill in psychiatric wards has been reduced by a similar percentage. The outcome is that people gravely in need of immediate care are turned away….not admitted…or relegated to an emergency room where appropriate care is unavailable or unqualified. So the mentally distraught are turned out, then the news of a death, or multiple deaths, soon follows. Why do you think this tragedy exists?”
“Oh, two reasons I can think of. One would be the money. Since insurers won’t cover patients unless they are in imminent danger of ending their own lives, the hospitals and clinics can’t afford to offer free beds. The second reason is that, just as in the case of autism, the overall belief system in this and other countries is to push mental illness out of the scope of awareness, almost like it doesn’t exist. After all, there are more pressing needs, like profits and providing war funds.”
“Van, I have lived that life. I know it to some degree. I never became violent or suicidal, but I witnessed daily the sneers aimed at my direction. Another homeless bum. Passersby would shake their heads in disgust and scurry away from me rather than reach out with a caring heart. But it gets much grimmer than my own experience, with teenage suicides and homicides of family members increasing at an alarming rate.”
The trail along the ridge turned to the west. “You’ll want to watch your step along this side of the mountain. There are sheer drop-offs at places.”
“Uh, ok. I’m not real fond of heights. Adele, you haven’t said a word.”
“Don’t you mind me, Van. While you two have been squawking, I’ve been watching the deer following us. Up yonder is the overlook, so you’d better prepare for a nosebleed, you California surfer-boy.”
“Really, deer?” Van looked back over the trail they had travelled. It was empty of any animal, but then he saw the innocent face of a doe standing between two trees on the slope abutting the trail. It occurred to him that there stood a creature freed from mental torment.
“Ok, we’ve reached the halfway point. Van, if you have vertigo, don’t look over the edge. It’s a sheer drop for two hundred feet. Let’s take a seat and enjoy the view.” 
On the rocky outcropping there were several boulders set back from the precipice. Adele hopped atop one of them and so Van selected a boulder seat for himself. The view directly south was spectacular. Magnificent, yet imposing, just feet away from stumbling to certain death. But, like the fly being drawn to the web, he just had to see the precariousness for himself. He neared the drop and sank to his knees, then crawled so that he could peek his head over the rocky edge.
“Oh……my……God.” The rock facing below him was absolutely vertical, and it was one hellacious long way straight down to where the mountain slope resumed its way to the river’s edge. Wiley Coyote wouldn’t survive such a fall, well, yes he would. Dizzied, he slowly pushed his was back from the terrifying sight which would surely ingrain into his long term memory. 
Joshua and Adele were smiling since they both had done the same exact thing in times past. “We call this Dead Man’s Bluff. See that tower off in the distance?” Joshua pointed to the southwest. “That’s right at the Tennessee/Kentucky border. And if you haven’t noticed, there’s patches of blue in the sky. The view is better in full sunlight. Now look behind you.”
Van turned and saw the rear of the barn off in the distance and the valley below where he had first seen Joshua. “So do you think Daniel Boone actually did roam these areas, or is that all fantasy?”
“It’s true, Van. I wouldn’t doubt that, at one time or another, he sat where you are right now, only it would have been two hundred years ago. Due west and not far from here is Wayne County. That’s where he settled down and lived for quite a while, but he roamed all over the territory, setting up temporary encampments.
Are you familiar with wild ginseng, goldenseal, or the ginkgo tree, or wild yams, Van?”
“Well, I’ve heard of them, of course, as sources of energy, but I wouldn’t recognize the vegetation.”
“Jack and Adele found a gold mine here. Wild ginseng cultivation is highly regulated with stiff penalties for growing or harvesting plants without permits and licenses. Mature ginseng plants, meaning at least five years old, can produce roots that can sell for as high as five hundred dollars per pound. For that kind of money it encourages illegal poaching and significant jail time if caught. So we need to keep quiet about the hundreds of mature ginseng plants on the property. It’s been said that it was Daniel Boone who planted them some two hundred years ago, but no one knows if that is actually true. It takes just the right composition of shade and soil conditions for the plants to prosper, and the soil here and large population of shade trees made this an ideal place to cultivate ginseng. Boone would have recognized that. Jack negotiated in the lease that he could use the seeds from the ginseng to plant new crops, but could not uproot any plant. The same with the goldenseal, ginkgo trees and the yams, supposedly planted by Boone or the Shawnee tribes that preceded him. Speaking of vertigo, you could pick off a leaf from the ginkgo, chew on it to release its oils, then spit it out, and supposedly you will lose the sensation of vertigo. Not only that, but you’d also have a burst of energy and mental clarity for up to three hours just from chewing on the leaf. The yam provides energy too, so because all four energy producing vegetation are found in close proximity, it just might have been Daniel Boone who planted them because he was quite the horticulturist in addition to being a hunter and trapper.”
Adele broke the ensuing contemplative silence. “We’ve got the answer, Van.”
“The answer to what question?”
Joshua interrupted. “Wait, we’re not there yet. So you know, I am toying with taking out the peyote and limpet from the formula. I can replace the feeling of relaxation the peyote provides with a slight boost in the kava and the hemp. And I am thinking that an increase in the concentration of garlic may partially ameliorate the eventual loss of the limpet. That won’t soften the blow of losing the properties of the limpet, and that’s why we’re not there yet. We can still use it until, and if, radiation levels surpass the allowed maximum. The maple fungi is not the answer, though Adele your lab rats were close to the truth, but the mold doesn’t contain hemocyanin, which is what we are losing with the limpet going away. I can buy fucoidan, which has some similarity to hemocyanin, from Indonesia or Okinawa, but the expense would be prohibitive. I’m working on that. So we’re close, and it has worked wonders with quite a few folks suffering from one thing or another. Van, I haven’t shown you the lab yet, have I?”
“No, you haven’t.”
“Let’s move on to the western slopes and we’ll be back at the barn in less than twenty minutes. Even without the limpet, there is enough efficacy in the remaining therapies to take on the mental health dilemma and win some tough battles. Let’s walk. Just around the corner ahead is where Adele hopes to build one day.”
The three made the right hand turn onto the northbound path. There was an absence of a dense tree line that would have prohibited views to the west, so the entire trail length provided wondrous views of the mountains to the west and the river snaking away. They came to a mesa that was flattened into an approximate hundred foot square. 
“This is it, Van. Wonderful view, huh?”
“Indeed it is. This would make a wonderful spot for a mountain home. I hope your dreams come true.”
“We’ve put a lot of thought into it. We figured out a way to access it, get water up to it, and so forth. We hope to terrace the slopes down toward the valley behind the barn and grow our own goldenseal and ginkgo for resale. I’d like to investigate growing the hemp also. We have some money saved to build a greenhouse in the valley, so we’ll grow what we eat. It will be a simple life, and a healthy one.”
Joshua added, “Speaking of health, that is our niche. There’s not a lot we as individuals can do about terrorism, or cyber-attacks, or data fraud, or unemployment, or global weather changes, or food crises, or the mismanagement of government. But we can make significant strides in the well-being of our citizens, here and abroad. And if people have changed attitudes and behaviors because of what we are doing, maybe the things we can’t change will start to improve by themselves. It would be worth the entire effort to have prevented the Sandy Hook massacre, don’t you think? We would like you to catch our vision and help us, Van.”
“What would that entail?”
“Come, let’s go sit in the lab and I will show you the blueprint of our plans to date.”

+ + + + + 

“Knock, knock.”
“Who’s there?” 
Irene stepped inside the room. “Hi, Mrs. Peterson. Congratulations on your beautiful new baby girl.”
“Thank you. You’re new, aren’t you?” The new mother was at rest in the hospital bed, watching Dr. Oz on the obligatory wall mounted television.
“New to the maternity ward, that’s for sure. I work in the oncology wing. I came down to say hi when I learned you were from McCreary County.”
“I sure am. Do I know you? What’s your name?”
“Irene Ralston, but I don’t have family over there. I just came to ask you something.”
“Ok.”
“Have you heard of something called NIL? The reason I’d like to know is that my sister’s son is seriously ill, and I’ve heard some good things about the NIL from my cancer patients.”
“Of course I have. All the expectant mothers in the birthing class were using it. I’m surprised you’re asking about it. Don’t you have it over here?”
“Not yet.” Irene fibbed, but she wasn’t lying about Jimmie, her nephew who is battling testicular cancer. 
“I’ve got some with me. There’s not much left but you’re welcome to it. I can get more tomorrow when I get back home.”
“That would be a God-send. I would be forever thankful.”
“My purse is sitting on the chair. Bring it over to me and I’ll give you what I have.”
Mrs. Peterson fished through her purse, produced a lipstick container, opened it, and pulled out a glass vial. “We were told to keep the vial inside the metal to keep it from breaking. Good idea, huh?”
“Super idea.” Irene wondered if that was the real reason.
“Take it. It’s so good for you. I hope your nephew gets better. Cancer is so awful.”
“What did you name your baby?”
“Jeanne. Jeanne Autry Peterson. Isn’t that cute?”
“Certainly is. Autry, that’s an unusual middle name.”
“I know. But we just love the Sheriff. He’s the one who hands out the NIL. Shhh, don’t tell him, he doesn’t know we named her that yet.”
“What’s his first name, the Sheriff?”
“That is his first name. His last name is Kane. Wonderful man.”
“God bless you, Honey. I’ve got to get back to work, but I appreciate this more than you know. Can I pay you something for it?”
“And God bless you, Nurse Ralston. Glad to help, but no, it’s free to everyone, so I couldn’t charge you a thing. Isn’t that wonderful?”
Irene left the room in a daze, for nothing ever is free. FREE? On the ride up the elevator she pulled the container out of her scrubs and smelled the contents. Peppermint more than anything else. She put her finger over the opening and turned the vial upside down, then put her wetted finger to her tongue. Nothing distinctive. She put the items back in her pocket, still astonished at the word FREE. Free doesn’t add up.

CHAPTER NINE – The Operation

Joshua led the two educators through the coffee garden lounge to a doorway that Van had not noticed before. “This is part of the workspace I use. There’s also an upstairs and downstairs that I use, the upstairs for storage and my living space, the downstairs for the humidity it provides. Outside there’s a three wall shed that contains a boiler I use. It has to be outside, unfortunately, since I heat the cauldron with firewood. But what you see here is the main room.”
“It’s quite a bit bigger than what I thought it would be. This is a large barn, isn’t it?”
“Yes, it was at one time the Park Services main storage facility for heavy equipment. The footprint of the building is seventy-two hundred square feet, being 60’ by 120’, but with the loft and basement added in there is a total of over ten thousand usable square footage. The cottage you stayed in last night was one of the Ranger homesteads. When the National Park Service came under tremendous financial pressure, they abandoned this site. Jack Meadors worked a deal with them and we’ve been using it for a little over three years. We’ve made several modifications to suit our needs. For instance, I built these.” 
Joshua pointed out two rows of free standing islands, each about twenty feet long and three feet wide. The two islands were separated by a four foot wide aisle. All four available sides of the islands contained pull out drawers beneath the countertops. Joshua pulled out the first drawer. Inside was a plastic container, like a Rubbermaid storage product. He lifted the plastic lid which revealed small measuring spoons resting upon a dark, pulverized material. “This is eucalyptus, ready to go. Based on your memory from yesterday, what do think this second drawer contains?”
Van laughed. “Beets.”
“Bingo. One of nature’s finest products. There are a total of forty of these drawers, most contain the separate ingredients, but some for other things, like the utensils I use and my paperwork. All in all, there is enough product ready to go to fill well over a thousand Ball jars to the brim using the 57 formula. There are two hundred cases of empty jars stored in the basement.”
“I am impressed with your carpentry skills. Looks factory-made to me.”
“Well, I didn’t tell you what I did after I left Lexington seventeen years ago. Maybe we’ll have time to get around to that before you go back to your home. When is your flight again?”
“Tomorrow. I have to be at the Atlanta airport by one p.m. your time.”
“Ok. There’s an easier way to get there than the route you took to get here. Adele wanted you to see the Forest.”
“I’m glad she did. So you use these things on the countertops to prepare the ingredients?”
“I do. There’s a couple of grinders, a steamer, and juicer, a pulverizer, sun lamps for drying, a jar shaker, a microwave, microscope, and my computer setup. I want to show you what’s outside.”
Joshua led the two out a single door at the rear of the barn. “Over there is the shed with the boiler, and over here is the water tank.”
Van had seen similar water tanks at fish hatcheries, the type that contain baits and larger pan fish habitats. The ten foot long tank was divided into two parts, each with its own hinged lid. “I didn’t see these things when we sat over there in the chairs last evening.”
“Well, it was dark. The deer you fed were on their way to the water tank; and that provides a huge secret to the success of these products. See this spigot?  Van, I found a water source below ground here, a spring of mineral rich water which I can pump into the tank. That’s why I have lids to cover the tank, to keep out rain water. So if it is scheduled to rain, I cover the tank. But when it’s dry, I leave one side open, and that is the secret.” 
“I don’t understand that one bit. Let me hear the rest of it.”
Joshua said, “Stay right here, I’ll be right back, then you’ll see.” He returned with a full Ball jar, opened one of the two lids, and poured the NIL into the water. “Can you let your imagination take it from here?”
Adele interrupted. “Nature calls, boys; I shall return. I know this drill by heart anyway.”
Van thought about the riddle presented to him. “Ok, let’s see. Whatever animals you have that drink this water, they get the benefit of the nutrients of the NIL; that’s fairly simple to piece together. But after that, I suppose you are using the mineral enriched scat from the animals. Am I on track?”
“You are, keep going.”
“So you use the enriched scat as fertilizer for your gardens. It’s like a full cycle, from the earth, to the plant, to the water, to the animal, to the earth again. And you use the enriched water to hydrate the plants. And it keeps repeating. Is that about right?”
“Van, you hit on the secret. In America, the soils used in the majority of agriculture are largely depleted of nutrients due to over-farming and quick return harvesting. Additionally the use of chemically harmful fertilizers and pesticides makes what you buy in the store ninety percent less nutritious than what existed a hundred years ago. The ingredients I use here are loaded with essential minerals and nutrients, more enriched than any product at any time on the earth in my opinion.”
“Ok, boys, I’m back. Let’s go inside the lab and pull up some stools and talk turkey here.”
“Wait one more second; I’ll be right back.” Joshua opened a side door and went to the basement. He returned with a tomato the size of a grapefruit. He added some paper towels and a knife. “Use the knife if you want, but if you don’t, you’re going to get wet. Take a bite.”
Van held the thing in both hands and sunk his teeth into the tomato. The juice exploded out of his mouth, and his taste buds also exploded. “Oh my! Wow! Now that is a tomato!”
“See? There is ten times more lycopene in that than what you’d find even in a farmers’ market, let alone the grocery store. That one bite was the equivalent of a dozen store bought tomatoes. That’s what we’re doing here with the gardens. I hope you are beginning to see how powerful the NIL is. By the way, I don’t use tomatoes in the formula. I raise them because I love to eat them,” Joshua said with a smile.
“Well, I have made it a point to keep an open mind. What you have shown me is indeed impressive and no doubt the product has beneficial attributes that frankly are beyond my limited knowledge of nutrition. But there is one nagging question I’ve had ever since leaving California, and that is, why am I here?”
Adele slapped the workbench and said, “Now we’re talking. Allow me take a little while to say my piece. Jamison, we want to ship you six full Ball jars of NIL. Use them how you see fit, keeping in mind that there will be no charge to you or to whomever you give it to.”
“That’s it? Free NIL?”
“That’s it, for now. Van, we want to have trustworthy, sympathetic distributors in numerous locations. In the early running, while we set up other gardens in other parts of the country and world, we want to build testimonials. We want you to be convinced and see the results for yourself. Simply use it when you see the right opportunities; and believe me, they will present themselves as they have for me in the Lexington area. When and if you want to expand with us you will have the opportunity. But not before we give you a shot at no cost to you; and that trial run will either convince you, or you can turn us down with no hard feelings on our part. So, you will have ninety-six ounces to use free of charge. If you use a one ounce vial per person that’s ninety-six case studies for you to track.”
“And after that?”
“In time we will have set up a website, determined our labelling, distribution points, set up the legal end with a corporation and patenting, and determined the pricing structure. The cost of shipping is the largest part of the cost. Joshua would like to offer the NIL for free in perpetuity, but we just can’t do that because of the setup expenses and shipping costs. So, the next case of six sixteen ounce jars would be on you to pay shipping costs and also six dollars per jar to help fund the startup. That should compute to ten dollars per jar of expense to you. Our preliminary projections suggest a retail of $19.99 per jar, but we would leave that up to the distributor. For your customers/patients/clients, sixteen ounces consumed at a half ounce per day equals a month’s supply. That’s cheaper than chemotherapy, don’t you think?”
“Will this become one of those multi-level deals?”
“Absolutely not. We are not motivated by profits. Our goal is to restore this country to good health. It will be slow in the beginning and it will take several years to really make a significant impact. If Tracy, Namanda’s chaperone, continues to show the interest she expressed by telephone, Joshua will fly to India to set up the gardening and production system. We hope Namanda can be involved in the operation. And when you sit in on our conversations with them, you will be better informed than you are now. Van, we would also like you to look into starting a California greenhouse operation should you develop that level of interest, but that is something down the road, not right away. Also we need to tell you that a person in Pennsylvania is already in receipt of the six free jars, and there is another one in Michigan that has purchased a case after using up the free jars. Those two people are friends of Joshua’s from his Purdue days. We will be talking with someone from Nebraska next week. And there is an operation similar to this one already producing on the Arizona reservation. You are the only person on the west coast we’ve talked with. So do you have questions?”
“I am willing to listen and consider it. I will give you an answer before I leave.”
“Cool, that’s fair enough. Joshua and I are going to prepare some food for us and our guests that will soon arrive. Why don’t you take a walk, and think about this….if a few hundred bucks could stop a second grader from taking a bullet in the head, you know the rest? While you’re gone I want the rest of that tomato.”
Van rose to his feet. The walk was a good suggestion. As he stood to turn and walk and think, he noticed beads of tears in Joshua’s eyes. In his memory drawer, long buried and remote, but rising from the unwilled depths, he remembered a scripture……’Jesus wept’. That short verse spoke more than a thousand words. Two words with profound sociological implications. He tried to picture the setting….Jesus peering out over the throngs that were anguished, in despair, crying out in pain and sorrow. He wondered if Joshua’s tears were of a similar emotional compassion; but on the other hand, they could signal the joy of seeing his calling beginning to take flight. Dr. Jamison (Van) Vance went for a walk but he already knew his answer.  
Adele had been right. As he walked with hands clasped behind him, there was no better way to describe Joshua. He was “different”. Prodigious savant might work, but the absence of off-setting deficiencies eliminated that label in Van’s mind. Yet one deficiency could be the possibility of a poorly understood condition named persecutory delusion, which behavior manifested by avoiding socialization for fear of being shunned or hurt. The fact that Joshua had no car or even bicycle on the property were clues. He had consciously made a decision to avoid contact with others, yet his social skills were not inept. He did display empathy which would tend to rule out antisocial personality disorder. Messiah Complex…..maybe; but normally that tag is given to those who proclaimed themselves to be superior, like Jim Jones or David Koresh, the egomaniacal. Joshua was nothing like that but he certainly had the physical appearance of the biblical Jesus. Different was the best he could come up with. Wonderfully unique. 
Van found himself regretting the thought of leaving in the morning. His thoughts were interrupted by the sound of a diesel engine battling the incline of the access road. He assumed that would be the Sheriff transporting the two female guests, Tracy and Namanda. 

CHAPTER TEN – Namanda and Tracy

Van approached the navy blue Ford Excursion. After shaking hands with Sheriff Kane, he introduced himself. “Hello, my name is Jamison Vance, but people call me Van. I’m a guest here just out for a stroll.”
Tracy Dobblelaere, a voluptuous blonde of incredible facial beauty, extended her hand. “I am Tracy, and this is Namanda Mehra.” 
Jamison looked at Namanda but the teenager looked away while extending her hand. She, too, was a beautiful young girl, with a face of olive brown skin framed by lustrous coal-black long hair. He had expected typical Indian garb, a sari perhaps, but the fourteen year old wore a white tee with Mickey Mouse smiling over her emerging bosom. The blue jeans looked like a recent purchase. Namanda made no verbal response to Jamison’s hello. 
“This is so like the area where I grew up. It’s uncanny.”
“Where was that, Tracy?”
“In Belgium, in the Ardennes, close to the French and Luxembourg borders.”
“You speak English fluently.”
“I should, since I teach it,” she said with a grin. “French is my native tongue and I also had to learn Hindi.” 
Tracy possessed a winsome smile, and the smattering of braided hair flattered her. Jamison was reminded of Bo Derek with the high cheek bones and fair complexion, and, of course, the braids. 
“See the hills that surround us? Below the far sides of them is a river that surrounds the hills.”
“That is also like my original home. The Semois River wraps around where my parents live to this day.”
Autry interrupted. “We need to get their things unloaded. I will need to leave before too long.”
Both women had one travel bag each, but there was also a violin and sketch pad that Namanda had brought along. Once the items were deposited in the cottage, the four made their way to the barn.
Namanda inhaled a gasp when she saw the interior, both hands pressed against her lips. With wild eyes she took in every plant, nook, and cranny, then………….she saw Joshua. Her knees locked together, then buckled. She bent over, her arms wrapped around her chest while looking at the floor like she was attempting to cover her nakedness. She moaned in an escalating “Ohhhhhh.” Namanda then stood erect and ran to Joshua, embracing him with her head firmly pressed against his chest.
“Namanda and her family are of the Christian faith,” Tracy volunteered. “I think the image startled her. It’s rare to see her make physical contact with someone, especially a stranger.”
Joshua shook hands with Tracy while holding Namanda, then turned the youngster to introduce both guests to Adele, who said, “Come on, you two, there is something to eat laid out over here. Are you hungry?”
“Yes, we should eat. We haven’t eaten since breakfast at the Orlando airport. Autry was waiting for us when we stepped off the plane in Knoxville; so yes, a spot of food sounds lovely. Adele, you hinted at what we would see here, but this is considerably more than I had envisioned. It’s lovely.”
“There’s some quartered tomatoes, cottage cheese, lettuce, tuna salad, blackberries, brie, and some crackers. Help yourself, there’s paper plates and napkins over there.”
Autry interrupted before the gathering became comfortable. “I need to go, folks, real nice meeting you ladies. Joshua and Adele, I need to tell you something. Walk with me out to my car.” They did. “Listen, I got a call from my dispatcher that a woman from over in Bowling Green was desperate to talk to me, so I called her. She says she’s a nurse at a hospital and that her nephew is terrible sick with cancer. Said that she ran out of the NIL someone from over here gave her and she wants to know how to get more. What do you think we should do?”
“Did you check her out?” Adele was all too familiar with her husband’s detective work.
“Well, I called the hospital she said she worked at and I asked to speak with her. They said she wasn’t due in until four o’clock. So it’s true she is a nurse at a hospital. I had the office run her and she came up clean.”
“Call her and tell her we’ll send a sixteen ounce jar, but it will cost twenty dollars; that anyone outside of McCreary is not in the test market and not eligible for a freebie.”
Joshua objected. “I think we should send her a free jar, then see if she is interested in distributing. If so she would have to come here to be screened. If she checks out, we’ll give her five more free jars. She is a nurse, so it could be that she has far-reaching contacts, but more than that, access to sick people. That’s what I want to do, so call her, get her address and mail one right away. Adele, let’s not let a couple of dollars cloud our thinking. It’s healing and a testimonial base we are after.”
“Ok, I guess, but Autry, don’t you dare tell her that the NIL can heal anything, even a hangnail. We can’t make that claim, especially to someone in the medical profession, you hear?”
“Consider it done. You folks have a grand old time. I gotta git.”
While they sat and ate of the light fare, the conversations were about India, the University of Delhi, Disney World, and tuna salad, which neither Tracy nor Namanda had ever heard of before, let alone consumed. Van was often distracted by the overhead blue lighting which reflected from the luminous strands of Namanda’s jet black hair as if neon-lit in a flickering dance. He was unobtrusively watching for the signs of high-functioning autism; and, as of yet, there was not much there, other than her lack of eye contact with all but Joshua. Adele asked Namanda how she was doing in school. The reply, without eye contact, was “Fine.”
Tracy then said that Namanda would be fifteen in August and would start her junior year at the University. “She’ll be in one of my English classes, though she doesn’t need it, she’s quite fluent already.”
“My, fifteen years old and a junior in college?”
“Yes, she’s jet-streaming right through our curriculum, but it’s a waste of time really. She is not challenged by anything we can offer her. Her understanding of complicated issues, like algorithms, the atomic chart, quantum-mechanics; there’s been nothing she hasn’t grasped beyond her teacher’s or text’s abilities.”
Suddenly Namanda rolled her head back and rather loudly emitted, “haHA.” Joshua also laughed out loud.
Van noticed the first tell-tale sign of an autistic emission, but then Joshua explained the situation with a wide grin.
“Namanda and I have been communicating while you have been making small talk. I asked her the atomic symbol of Xanthium, which made her laugh because there isn’t a xanthium element; it’s a plant, highly toxic by the way.”
Van looked at Adele to see if she heard the same thing he just heard. Adele asked Joshua for an explanation.
“This is a first for me too. Usually there are only one-way impulses. She is absolutely incredible. Let me see, I’ll think of something she couldn’t possibly know and we’ll see if she can repeat it.” Joshua contemplated, then, “Ok, I’ve got it. Namanda, speak out loud the words I silently give to you, ok?” She nodded affirmatively.
“Take,” she repeated, apparently an echo of Joshua’s thought.
“Me out.”
“To the ball game.”
“Take me out to the park. haHA.”
Van was staggered, having been unconvinced of the certainty of telepathic abilities for all of his professional life, even discounting the assertions of identical twins who purported to know each other’s thoughts. He would give twins leeway that they might be able to think the same thing at the same time, even husbands and wives can do that, but that was not the same as communicating dissimilar thoughts telepathically. These two were complete strangers. 
“I have got to get this on my smart phone, can you repeat what you just did?”
“No, I won’t do that, Van. It’s not fair to her or me. Just let us enjoy each other for this little while and I’d rather not have this exchange get out to the public. I think I mentioned to you that what Namanda and I possess can be a crippling curse.”
“I agree,” Adele added. “But let me tell you, Joshua, what you two have just done has never been documented in any journal that I’ve ever read. I think it’s a first as far as recorded history is concerned. At least both Dr. Vance and I have had the marvel of seeing it happen, and I promise you no one will be reading about it.”
“Thank you. It’s important to me. Now I want to show Tracy and Namanda the workroom before we have our afternoon NIL 57. Come, ladies.” Joshua and the two guests left the coffee garden.
“Adele, I am dumbstruck. You knew I was skeptical, didn’t you?” 
“Yes, I surmised that; and to be honest with you, I was unconvinced until Joshua lived with Jack and me. He is amazing, isn’t he? And you know what else? He hasn’t flaunted it with you. He’s been very low key; but if he wanted to, he could recite the beneficial properties of, say, the dandelion for ten minutes, citing references and page numbers. Or he could probably tell you exactly what’s on your mind. That kind of gift spooks people, and I think it may be why Joshua lives the way he does. Namanda can do the very same thing with her photographic memory, but I didn’t know of her telepathy until now.”
“Tell me more about what Joshua did after leaving Lexington.”
“He lived in Lafayette while attending Purdue and worked weekends as a landscaper to raise spending money. He graduated in three years, then visited the reservation in Arizona for the summer immediately after graduation. He showed the Apache community how to raise better crops in that arid region. That’s when he and Hachika, his father figure of the early years, began experimenting with herbs and minerals. 
He joined the Peace Corps after his stay out west, and he visited quite a few remote areas of the world, including Okinawa, the Marianas, and several countries in eastern Africa. In each place he instructed the locals on crop implementation. He also became quite proficient as a builder of things, including bridges and dams and irrigation systems. He spent two years in Kenya, but he became disillusioned by the caste system and atrocities of human dignity there. 
He returned to the States and visited with Jack and me for a short while, then went back to the reservation. The plants you see in the barn here are being cultivated on the reservation also. When Jack got the inside track on the Park Service shutting this place down and successfully negotiated the long term lease, we called Joshua and offered him the deal he has now. We were quite surprised when he showed up on our doorstep, for we had never before seen him as a Jesus look-a-like. 
His experiences changed him, Jamison. Somewhere along the line, I think he was hurt by something or someone; but he won’t talk about it. We had never known him to be this reclusive. He’s done an incredible job transforming this place in the three years he’s been here. That pretty much sums it up. I wonder what’s become of those three. Let’s go see what they’re up to.”
The workroom was abandoned as was the area outside by the water tank. “Oh my God, would you look at that?” 
In the valley below, the three stood in the midst of several deer. Namanda ran with her arms in airplane wing fashion, hopping and skipping through the herd of excited deer that seemed to be egging her on. Adele waved to them; and after a few moments, the three began the unhurried return to the barn.
“Adele, these two days have been the most bizarre experience of my life.”
“Told ya you’d be blown away.”

+ + + + + 

Nurse Ralston debated….should she, or shouldn’t she? Alone inside the fourth floor nurse’s washroom she examined the vial in her hand. It was two minutes until four p.m., the time her shift started, so she needed to either fish or cut bait. She fished. It was just a half ounce; what damage could it do? It went down smoothly. What she didn’t know was that almost immediately, her pancreas sprang into action, producing the peptide hormone insulin, which promoted trillions of cells in her body to intake elevated amounts of glucose from her blood stream. Energy building glucose, strengthening muscle tissue, and by the end of her shift at midnight, she would recognize the absence of the pain in her arms and calves and feet. 
What she also didn’t know was that almost immediately the molecular structure of nitric oxide dilated her blood vessels, thereby increasing the interaction of nerve cells in her brain, which noticeably improved the sensual perceptions of smell, sight, and hearing. What she didn’t know was that the elevated oxygenation of her arteries was delivering a temporary debilitating blow to atherosclerosis, thereby promoting the development of more nitric oxide, which promoted increased endurance and muscle strength without inflammation. 
She didn’t know that twenty other beneficial reactions to every organ in her body, including the heart, spleen, liver, stomach, lungs, intestinal tract, but especially the brain would be occurring while she performed her charting routines and patient consultations. What she would know by the time her shift ended was that she wanted more NIL, a lot more. 

CHAPTER ELEVEN – Global launch

Joshua rose to his feet while pouring the NIL into the five small cups. “I would like to propose a toast. We are diverse. We represent faraway places; India, Belgium, the west coast of America; yet today we are one, in one place, to do one small but wonderful thing. So in the name of a global embrace, lift your cups, like this. The fragrance is the hope; the tinting of your lips is the vision of our hope taking wings. Now ingest the love of one another deeply into your soul. To love, to joy, to peace.”
“Amour, joie, paix,” Tracy added in her native tongue while lifting her cup.
“Liebe, freude, frieden,” Van toasted in the little German he knew.
“Pyara, harsa, santi, haHA,” Namanda said with a radiant smile. “This is why I came to your country and I love it.” 
“Namanda has had a wonderful time so far. I want to show you something, I’ll be right back.” Tracy left to go to the mountain cabin. She returned carrying Namanda’s sketch pad and also her violin and bow. “Namanda drew this while on the flight from Orlando to Knoxville.” She flipped through several pages, found the drawing and passed it to her left, which is where Van was sitting.
“Oh my, she did this from memory?”
“That she did.”
Van passed it to Adele. “Believe it or not I have never been there; but I’ve seen it on television enough to know this is an exact likeness of the Disney World castle.” 
She passed it to Joshua, who examined the drawing in detail. He turned to other pages and realized the girl had an incredible talent. It was obvious that whatever she perceived with her eyes was locked in and available to the minutest of details at any time she wanted. He wasn’t as gifted but had an appreciation of the depths of Namanda’s abilities. He turned another page and was surprised to see a drawing that was a reasonable likeness of himself. Perhaps that was why she reacted as she did when she first saw him. He turned another page. 
“What’s this?” He handed the pad to Namanda turned to the page of a hand written musical score.
“When I learned I would be coming to America, I researched your music and wrote this for you.” She withdrew the instrument out of its case and spent a minute tuning it since the strings had to be loosened before the high altitudes of flight.
Tracy added, “You will need to listen closely; she has written two melodies into one. Because of her musical skills, she was invited to perform a solo at the symphony in Mumbai. It was an Indian classical piece for which she received a standing ovation.”
Namanda stuck the instrument under her chin and began to play in a very slow tempo……’Oh beautiful for spacious skies, for amber waves of grain’, was the melody she played artfully. Then in understated bass notes, she simultaneously played the….’Amazing grace, how sweet the sound’…melody. Both works were distinguishable and blended harmoniously. 
When she reached the refrain of “God shed his grace on thee” she “bent” the strings in such a way that it sounded like the violin was weeping, as if God was making a great effort to bestow his gifts of grace and mercy. The emotion of the strings caused Van to question the phrase “shed his grace.” The weeping of the notes conveyed that God’s gifts were of great cost to Him. 
Namanda’s musical sermon was more memorable than most pew-occupied sermons that he could remember. He wondered if Namanda intended it to be as spiritually profound as it seemed. He gazed at her, wondering if, in his fifty-five years, he had ever encountered such a gifted mind, make that minds, since Joshua must be included in the extreme category as well.
When she finished, she laid the violin down and celebrated with, “haHA,” to a round of applause from her audience, to which she gracefully bowed.
“That was spectacularly beautiful, Namanda. Thank you for thinking of us when you wrote it. And what an accomplishment to be able to not only hear two different melodies but also to play them at the same time.” Adele knew when to abandon the use of caustic sarcasm. 
Joshua was tempted to bring out his old guitar and improvise a duet but there wasn’t time for that. Instead he reached down to the floor and produced three manuals, each a half-inch thick, and passed them out to Tracy, Namanda, and Van. 
“I don’t like changing the subject from such beautiful and inspirational music, but we need to talk about the NIL formulation. In the reports you have, you will see a page or two devoted to each ingredient and its characteristics in producing beneficial health. For instance, on the eucalyptus page, notice the usage as an analgesic, with antibacterial agents that assist in cleansing pathogenic bacteria from the respiratory system. It is effective in fighting bronchitis, for example. It helps fight the common cold as well as the flu. You will also notice some of the tangent benefits, such as an insect repellant, or it can be used for tick removal. 
On each ingredient page I have converted the weights to be used to the metric ounce, which in India is twenty-five grams to the ounce, so you will need a metric scale. Each ingredient will have listed the weight to use to make the finished product. At the end of each page there are some cautionary notes about overdosing and possible side effects for some of the elements. Adele already has a manual so that’s why she isn’t reading along with you, by the way.”
“I see you also instruct on how to cultivate and process the plants, and what equipment is needed for each,” Tracy said. “And I haven’t told you this, but my parents, they’re farmers in Belgium; they are interested in what you are doing. Would it be possible to obtain another report before we leave?”
“Of course, it’s just a matter of printing them out and binding them. Adele had mentioned that to me. What is vitally important is access to spring water. Do you have that near New Delhi?”
“I don’t know. I will have to check out the areas surrounding the city.”
“So how do you feel after drinking the NIL, the both of you?”
“I feel great, like I want to dive in to studying these pages at every detail. How do you feel, Namanda?”
“haHA, I am happy, and I want to stay here forever.” That statement caused quite a stir of laughter. 
“But I want to point out that I think kava is illegal in my country unless it is used topically. I think you have to have a medical license to use it even then.” 
“You are partially right. I researched the regions where kava has been temporarily taken off store shelves, because it was done in the United Kingdom and Germany. India banned it; but when tests showed no significant damage to the liver as was reported in Europe, it has since been deemed safe. 
I do mention at the bottom of the page, the warning of possible liver damage when used in conjunction with liver stressors such as alcohol. You are wise, Namanda, to point that out. Each element should be researched to check out the legality of its usage wherever the product is marketed. And Tracy, I haven’t checked out the banned substances in Belgium. That will have to be done.”
Van asked, “What does kava add to your mixture?”
“Good question. It reduces anxiety, it’s like what some call a chill pill. It has a mellowing property and heightens the sense of well-being. I’m sure you know stress reduction is an important factor in building an efficient immune system. It also demonstrates the ability to lessen pain, as in a headache or joint pain. Namanda has hit on the reason I use it in a low dosage, only five metric grams which amounts to only two percent of the combined ingredients not including the mineral water.”
“I am very familiar with amla,” Namanda added, “and am happy to see you have included it. Most Indians eat the gooseberry daily, since it has so many health benefits. One little berry has the vitamin C content of two oranges. Besides the benefits you have listed in your report, it fights hair loss, acne, reverses aging, and soothes a sore throat. And, as you have mentioned, it is very effective fighting cancer, as well as the other things you have listed.”
“You know, Namanda, I’m going to increase the amla because I may have to exclude the limpet. Good observation. So, by slightly increasing the kava and increasing the amla by fifty percent, we can overcome the loss of the limpet and the cactus flower.” 
Tracy was next to speak. “Adele has mentioned to me that you are familiar somewhat with the Searchers of Truth, otherwise called SOTs. My area of involvement is with global health issues; and currently there is a growing concern about the strains of Avian Flu. As of this morning, there were three more deaths in the Guangdong province of China, and one in Zhejiang. Thankfully, there were no new cases reported in India. Since we are in the warm weather months, it is not expected to gain much strength; but come cold weather, we are fearful there is not enough vaccine to keep up with the infection rate. The reason I mention that now is that we in India use the amla to defeat the flu viruses. Has anyone with the avian flu virus received the NIL, and, if so, has it been effective?” 
“Tracy, there has been no local outbreak of any of the bird flu strains; so the answer is no. I simply don’t know how effective it would be with any of the five avian strains; but Adele has had encouraging results with other types of flu bugs. I would like very much to provide the NIL to those infected, but our reach is limited at this point.”
“That’s right, this past February there were two of my students down with the flu. Both recovered after a couple of days in bed. It’s ironic that the flu shots they both had received months earlier did not prevent them from contracting the virus. As you probably know, the flu vaccine is from the eggs of a fowl. It was encouraging in that there was no adverse reaction after they used the NIL. Ok, folks, it’s a three hour ride for me; and I need to get back home. I have to get gussied up for a big wig dinner this evening, so I’m gonna saddle up and hit the trail.”
Adele rose, shook hands with the two young ladies and wished them well. Joshua carried a box of six jars to her car while Van helped her with her overnight bags. “So Van, are you in or out?”
“All in, my dear.”
“Great. Keep me up to date with how the product works out your way. We’re going to have some bumps along the way. For one, we will not have enough raw materials if we keep adding distributors. And there will be other obstacles from among the envious and the dubious. So give me a hug, you two, and you keep your noses clean.”
After embracing Adele, he and Joshua stood and watched her car disappear through the trees. Van wondered if he would ever see his rough and tumble, cancer burdened friend again.

+ + + + + 

Jackie Bingham printed out the hot off the presses pathology report from the Director of the Public Health Agency of Canada. Li Xiu Ying, the avian flu fatality in Alberta who became ill aboard an Air China flight that eventually carried candidates into Houston, Texas, was a carrier of two H viruses. She was a dormant carrier of the H1N1, and secondarily contracted the H7N9. That could be the worst possible news. She pressed *1 on her phone.
“Larry, have you seen the PHAC pathology on H7?” she asked the Director of Infectious Diseases.
“Reading it now. So there was a reassortment; they found the subtype H7 hemagglutinin molecule and the H1 strain in the same sialic acid compounds. So now we’ve got a brand new replicating strain and the definite possibility of human to human contamination. What have you found out about the passenger list?”
“There were thirteen passengers that continued on from Calgary to Houston. We have located three of them and they tested negative. Ten more to go. I’ll call Texas Diseases Center and obtain the finals on the three airport-related deaths. Those three made me suspicious anyway, and now we have good reason to go full-court press.”
“Well, the Pentagon got the lion’s share…..360 million, and we got 40 million in our department. It isn’t a lot of money but you’re right. Get all of them on the hook, Novartis, Glaxo, all of them; and catch them up to speed. This could get out of control. And chase down those ten candidates PDQ and let me know.”
“Larry, there were 153 new passengers on that flight from Calgary to Houston.”
“Get on it. Now.”

CHAPTER TWELVE – Discovery

“Autry, there’s a WKSO television truck pulling up in the lot.”
“Wonder what that is about? Donna, find out what they want before you tell them I’m here.”
“Hello. My name is Sheryl Smalley, from WKSO public broadcasting in Somerset, an affiliate of WKLW, Lexington. Would Sheriff Autry Kane be available?” The lady handed Donna her business card.
“Can you tell me what this would be in regard to?”
“It’s about a television segment that aired three weeks ago on the “Around Lexington” show. I’d like to show the video to the Sheriff and ask him a few questions. Is he available, or do you know where I might find him?”
Autry appeared, having overheard the conversation. He surmised he would eventually be tracked down; so he would at least accommodate the lady for a few minutes, though he had a good idea where it would lead. He shook the lady’s hand and invited her to his office. 
“Thank you for seeing me, Sheriff, I wonder if I could use your computer to show you a video on this disc. If not, I have a laptop with me.”
“We’ll use your laptop, Miss Smalley, I don’t want to tie up my system.” Autry rose from his chair, and circled around his desk to stand behind the lady who was setting up her computer on his desk.
“This was a human interest story we ran three weeks ago. It involves a man who rose from homelessness to a responsible position in the business world. His name is Mel Kenyon. Do you know the name?”
“Let’s watch the video and see. Let me see a face to go with the name.” Autry already knew all about Mr. Kenyon and was preparing what his reaction should be. Should he deny knowing Joshua? The bigger question was why this lady was involving him. He had seen the broadcast and so had Joshua, but there was no mention of Autry Kane in it, so it perplexed him.
The video began with a female interviewer asking questions of a fiftyish man wearing a white shirt and tie. His position at the time of the interview was store manager for Cynthiana Floor Coverings, a job title he had held for one year. The man recounted his story of how a few years ago he had lost his job due to alcohol abuse problems….lost his wife and family to divorce due to his abusive use of alcohol, then street drugs. He finally resorted to living in an alley in downtown Lexington, having sold his only remaining possession, his car, to finance the downward spiral. 
One evening, about three years ago from the present, a man appeared in the alley, a man who appeared to be Jesus and who told him he knew the life of pain, struggle, and personal low self-worth. The Jesus-man offered him a quart-sized jar of a liquid, telling him to drink of it in small doses daily; and that in time he would rise above his current station if he wanted to. The payment owed would be to help another as he had been helped. Then the Jesus-man left as suddenly as he had appeared. 
After a few days of drinking the liquid, Kenyon told of a newly found stamina that caused him to seek out his brother for help. After a few more days of receiving assistance from his brother, he landed a job as a carpet installer, a trade he had learned years ago. 
Eventually, due to being clean and sober and having a new outlook on life, he was promoted to in-store sales, then assistant manager, and now store manager of a new branch operation. The video concluded with Kenyon now living again with his ex-wife and family but plans to remarry were not being discussed at present. He attributed his success story to the mysterious liquid sent from Heaven.
“Sheriff, the Lexington station received numerous emails, letters, and phone calls as a result of that airing. Most of the comments were either scoffing the Jesus angle or questioning what the mysterious liquid was. Three separate emails suggested that the liquid sounded to them like it was something they called NIL, a term none of us had ever heard of; so we followed up with those emails. Guess what? Your name was mentioned in two replies. So here I am; and what can you tell me about both the NIL and the Jesus-man?”
“Excuse me for a minute or two, I’ll be right back.” Autry slipped out the back door of the Whitley City government building then dialed Joshua on his cell.
“It’s happened just like we thought it might, Joshua. A television station is here asking me what my involvement is in the carpet guy’s story. How far do you want me to go with a reply? I could just kick her out and say I don’t know a thing. What do you suggest?”
Joshua replied, “Hang on a second,” and held his cell down to his side. He looked at Namanda for a few moments, but said nothing. Then, “If you and the reporter have the time, come on up here,” which shocked Autry.
“You sure? You know the cat will be out of the bag, and you can expect a mushrooming effect.”
“It’s time, Autry, even though we’re not ready yet. I have my reasons. Call me back if you’re coming.”
Autry returned to his office a few moments after the call had ended. “Tell you what, Miss Smalley, I will hand you a story, but only on two conditions. Number one, you must not use my name or my law enforcement position in any follow-up reporting; and two, you must promise to sit on the story for at least two weeks. I can assure you the story will be a large feather in your cap. Are you willing to agree to those two conditions?”
“I will do both of those. What have you got?” She attempted to hide her excitement since she had never written a story that had sailed above the trash can. 
“Do you have a couple of hours to follow me to meet Jesus?”
Sheryl Smalley momentarily pictured her days in Sunday school as a child. Through the years there had been invitations to meet Jesus from well-meaning busybodies, but she had consistently declined. Her father was a saint one day out of the week. The other six days, when he did finally make it home from wherever the booze had led him, he was either unapproachable or to be feared. Yet this invitation was business; and the irony wasn’t lost on her. Some people, including her father, attended church for the sole purpose of being seen; and that was detestable to her. 
“I have a couple of hours, and I have a cameraman outside in the truck. I promise I will abide by your wishes but I’d like to shoot some video, ok?”
“We’ll see about that when we get there. Follow me after I pull out front in the SUV.” Autry called Joshua and told him they’d be there in fifteen minutes.

Joshua had put his guests to work after Adele had left. Each of them were chopping the roots and leafy heads off the bulbous beet plants. While they busied their hands, the conversations included Tracy’s involvement with global health issues. Van had been asked what he thought was the most urgent global concern. He agreed that declining health was a great problem, but explained that the potential for a global economic collapse concerned him the most. 
Namanda travelled a different road by saying in one word what she thought was and is the greatest concern…….food. Her simple answer caused the adults to halt their cleaving and listen for an explanation.
“In India,” she expanded, “there are two people born for every one that dies. In the Democratic Republic of the Congo, one person dies every forty seconds, but another one is born every ten seconds. Worldwide, eighty million people are added to the population in a year’s time. That’s two hundred and nineteen thousand new mouths to feed every single day. Currently, when considering all the seven billion people on the earth, one out of seven will go to bed without being fed for an entire day. 
In ten years, it will be one in six going hungry. There are simply too many people; and when you add to the equation the continual depletion of natural resources, the slowly vanishing potable fresh water supplies, and increasing abject poverty, the other side of the equal sign is that future wars will be fought over food, not over oil or religious beliefs. Not just the types of wars we currently see waged, but also chaos within neighborhoods and communities in the not-so-distant future. 
What makes it even more threatening is that medical advances will mean more elderly needing to be fed; and that creates a whole new set of problems, when both great-grandparents and grandparents are living in assisted-living quarters. Whose responsibility will it be to feed them? 
Malthus saw it coming two hundred years ago; yet his proposals were, and still are, considered inhumane. China is currently the only country legislating birth control in any meaningful way; as they should with over one billion citizens. As of this moment, seventy percent of the world’s population would have to die at once in order for agricultural production to equal consumption. I can envision some countries in Africa ceasing to exist fairly quickly; then, in time, some better prepared countries will fall into an anarchy system analogous to that of ancient Egypt or Rome. So my concern is food, or rather the lack of it.”
The silence that followed was interrupted by the musical ringtone of Joshua’s cell phone. During the call, he made eye contact with Namanda while holding the phone to his side. In response to his gaze, she said, “Its ok. I’ll talk with them.”
Joshua knew all too well the concern that Namanda had so correctly stated. He had lived it himself, and witnessed it in several of the African countries he had visited and worked in. Dealing with overpopulation was a recurring theme in his courses at Purdue. 
Van was amazed at the girl’s grasp of current issues at her young age. He observed very little incidence of autism other than her occasional ticks and her looking around the workroom while speaking. 
Tracy was amazed that her student was so verbose. She had never seen or heard her speak at such length even with her parents. She wondered if the NIL had something to do with it. So did both Joshua and Van.

“Think you can find your way back to the highway?” Autry asked from the opened passenger window.
“I know where I am, Sheriff. This is the old maintenance building; but it sure is more remote now than it was years back. If you have to get back to work, I can take it from here. Thank you again for taking the time to see me.”
“Remember, don’t use my name or office in your story. Ok, I’m outta here, got a wreck on 27 to check out.”
Sheryl, still seated in the passenger seat of the TV truck, dialed her station manager. “Eva, I may have fallen into some four-leafed clover. I am at the old Park Service maintenance building. Jermaine and I are gonna do some filming outside, and then guess what? We’re going to meet Jesus! Oh, my God.” 
Sheryl clicked off the phone when she saw the robed, bearded man approaching the truck. She didn’t know if she should cross herself, or genuflect, or whatever people do at a time like this. She felt silly, but she was not alone. She noticed Jermaine hiding his cigarettes, and his eyes were as big as saucers.
“Hello, I am Joshua. Welcome.”
It took a moment for her tongue to loosen; then, “Hi, I’m Sheryl and this is Jermaine. May we talk with you for a little while?”
“Of course. Just so you know, I have company and you will need to seek their approval before videoing them.”
“That’s fine,” Sheryl said, while she and Jermaine poured out of the truck. “I’ve been here before, years ago. It has changed quite a bit, especially the road up to here. It’s all overgrown.”
“Yes, it has changed. The big heavy equipment isn’t stored up here anymore, and I don’t have many visitors,” Joshua explained as they neared the barn entrance.
“Whoa! I expected a barn with hay bales and a tractor or something. Not this! It’s a forest inside a building.”
“I guess you could say that; it is like an arboretum, but it really is a laboratory. Come let me introduce you to some special people.”
Van stood while Joshua introduced the newest guests to the older ones. “Please have a seat and tell us to what do we owe this great pleasure?”
“Well, my station ran a segment……….”
“Yes, that was me in the alley three years ago, and here is the NIL. Would you like some?”
Namanda rolled her head back. “haHA.” Her outburst got the attention of Sheryl and Jermaine.
“Ok, now we can move on to more important things. First, this is Dr. Jamison Vance, a professor of behavioral sciences at the University of California at Irvine. This is Tracy Dobblelaere, a teacher at the University of Delhi, in New Delhi, India. And finally this is Namanda, perhaps the most brilliant mind on planet Earth. And I am simply Joshua, a man of no means. What do you think your television audience needs to hear as a result of this visit?”
Sheryl fought the urge to stammer, but she wasn’t going to let the short circuitry of conversation unnerve her. “Well, first, Mel Kenyon would like to send his eternal thanks to you.”
“I’m glad to hear that; but I am even more pleased that he has enrolled in the Big Brother program and is making a difference in the life of the young and troubled Jackson Burnside.”
She quickly scribbled the name in her notebook. “The television audience has voiced suspicions about Mr. Kenyon’s story. They want to know about the Jesus man and the mysterious liquid. You could say they are nonbelievers. How would you like me to respond to those two suspicions?”
“You can say that the man in the alley, referring to myself, was also at one time a homeless man just trying to make a difference, just like someone else had done in my former life many years ago. You see, I made my home in that same alley when I was just fifteen years old. And the mysterious liquid is essentially what you see in front of you, though it’s gone through many modifications since then.”
“You dress like Jesus. You look like Jesus as far as we know. Why are you doing that? Are you an evangelist or something?”
“I will tell you something I’ve told no one else other than my people in Arizona. I have been severely burned on my body. I wear the loose fitting clothing for comfort, and the beard hides some of the scarring. I in no way hold myself out to be Jesus. No man can do that.”
“I am so sorry to hear of your burns. How did that happen?”
“I was trying to save an animal trapped inside a forest fire. I came out worse than the raccoon did; and I was one of sixteen people injured in the fast moving fire that ran through the reservation. Luckily, there were no human fatalities.”
“When you say reservation, do you mean an American Indian reservation?”
“Yes, the White Mountain Apache Reservation in Arizona near the New Mexico border. I lived there as a youngster, and later returned for a few years.”
“So are you an Apache Indian?”
“I speak the language, and it got me into Purdue, so I guess I am.”
“I don’t understand. Your mother and father, they were Apache?”
“I don’t know. I don’t think my mother was; and no one knows who my father was. My mother died the day after I was born. But have you ever seen an American Indian with a beard, or blue eyes? It’s a long story, and there is a lot to talk about. While these important guests are here, you should take advantage of it. You will find that all three are more interesting than me.”
“Ok, but tell me about what some of our listeners have called NIL? What is it, and may Jermaine and I sample it?”
Joshua poured two small cups, then decided to fill all the cups. “Just do as I do.” He held the cup under his nose, then told them to wet their lips with it, then take a small sip. “It is mainly comprised of mineral water, but it also has the essential chemicals derived from all the different plants you see in this room, plus some others. It is not toxic or a narcotic. You should feel its effects in a few minutes. Sheryl, if you really want a story, you should direct your questions to my quests. You’ll see.”
She turned to Van. “You are from California. What brings you here?”
Van was not about to undercut Joshua’s lead. “As a psychologist, I wanted to take advantage of this opportunity. Joshua and Tracy and Namanda, those three, I don’t think you realize what those in my field would pay to be in my chair just now. It’s them, not me you want to interview.”
“Ok, so Tracy, what would bring you from India to this lesser-known part of the United States?”
“I am here as the temporary guardian of Namanda. We have made the long journey because of this.” Tracy held her sake cup in the air.
“Ok, Namanda, what brings you to this country?”
“Him.” She smiled but did not emote the tick laugh while fixing her gaze on Joshua. “In a country of the blind, a one-eyed man is king. Like the Ecuadorian valley of H.G. Wells, my India along the west and north is cut off from reach of sane men. The Muslims to the west infiltrate the Hindus in the former princely state of Kashmir. The Sikhs along the west and north do not cloak their hatred of Hinduism. Now the Chinese are allying with the Pakistanis to instigate border raids just to be bullies. The territorial dispute over the Himalayas is simmering, but the fear of escalated conflict is blowing in the wind. My family and I have converted to Christianity; and, as it is said, we have no dog in that fight.” 
Namanda had not removed her eyes from Joshua all the while she was speaking. “Because of my gift, my family has been asked, but commanded is a better term, to move to Fazilka near the Pakistan border. They want me to identify the Hindus that are selling information to adversarial interests. Because of that, and since our faith separates us from the community, we have made the decision to leave our India and move to America. 
Yes, I am here for this,” she held up the cup, “and because my family wants to be uncontrolled and I want to be free from seeing what others cannot see.”
Joshua looked at Tracy. “Yes, I knew,” she responded without having been asked. “I will be staying in New Delhi. The Mehras will be returning to India with me, and it is their hope to complete the transition to the United States within three months. It must be kept quiet, for Namanda is a highly prized commodity in her country. Actually she would like to stay here, while her parents complete the move.”
“Does Adele know about this?” Joshua asked.
“No, she doesn’t. We couldn’t risk talking about it on the telephone. We had hoped to tell her today but she flew out of here before we had the chance.”
Joshua thought a moment, then, “Sheryl, I am going to ask to terminate the interview. It is important that your story only focus on me and the NIL. You may video me, the vegetation, and a jar of the NIL. Do not video any other person or any feature of this property. Understood? It is quite important.”
“I can do that,” Sheryl lied. 
Joshua ushered Van, Tracy and Namanda into the workroom to continue the beet detail, before allowing Jermaine to video himself, the barn interior and a jar of the NIL. Once the filming session was completed, Joshua escorted the two to their truck, making sure the exteriors of the barn and cottage were not filmed. He then offered to meet with the studio in Somerset if a live interview would be deemed worthy. 
He handed a jar of NIL to both Sheryl and Jermaine, gave them his cell phone number, and suggested they call him when their jars were empty. Joshua parted with, “As happened with Mel Kenyon, see if in yourself you can leave that which lay behind and seek that which lay ahead. God bless you in that pursuit.” He watched the television truck exit knowing that change was imminent. 

CHAPTER THIRTEEN – Innocence lost

Joshua leaned against the trunk of Van’s rental car, making sure Sheryl or Jermaine did not sneak back to video the barn. He checked the power level of his cell phone…..two bars…..then called Adele.
“We just got a bomb dropped on us. Did you know the Mehras were defecting from India, and that Namanda wants to stay here?”
“What? Joshua, I had no idea. Why didn’t they tell us that?”
“You left before they could tell you. Something worse happened. A television crew from Somerset came to interview me, but they also met the rest of us. Adele, I didn’t know about Namanda wanting to stay before I agreed to the interview. She blurted it out while the television crew was seated at the table. Namanda stated that she and her family were to be relocated to the Pakistan border so that she could become involved in espionage. Did you know about that?”
“Wait, how did the television people find you? And regarding Namanda, that seems a little extreme, don’t you think? A fourteen year old spy?”
“Autry’s name came up during feedback from the Kenyon story. They located Autry and he called me while they were in his office. I told him to bring them up here since it was only a local television station. I just didn’t know Namanda would drop her bombshell in their presence. As far as extreme, no, actually I don’t think it is. Tracy let it out that Namanda’s abilities are highly coveted by the Indian military. You and I both know the friction between Pakistan and India is at fever pitch, and both countries have nuclear warheads. It’s a very nervous area of the world. I believe she is of such value that she will be hunted down, and you know once the American military finds out about her that there will be a tug-of-war for her services.”
“What do you think we should do?”
“As far as I know, Namanda and Tracy can only be traced to Knoxville. And really, it’s Tracy that concerns me the most. She is returning to New Delhi, and of course she will be squeezed for information. It will be just a matter of time before the Indian intelligence pins Namanda down to here. And then there are the television people who have information that could hit the airwaves. Adele, I can’t take the risk of hiding her here.”
“You will need to speak with Namanda’s parents. Find out what their intentions are. And you will need to have a heart to heart chat with Tracy. Can you trust her?”
“I will call you back later after I talk with both Tracy and Namanda separately. If you have any thoughts, call me.”
“Roger that. I will tell Jack about this. He might be able to pressure the television folks to sit tight. Call me later.”

Joshua’s cell phone rang before he made his way back into the barn. It was Autry.
“How did it go with the TV folks? They still there?”
“They left.”
“That was quick. What did you tell them?”
“It went badly. Namanda said something in their presence and I had to call off the interview in a hurry.”
“Like what?”
“She said her family is defecting from India and will be making the States their home. That wouldn’t be so bad if it wasn’t in the presence of the media.”
Autry hesitated for a few moments, then, “So, if I’m hearing ya right, the brass in India won’t be all too happy about losing their little mind-reader. And the television folks provide a traceable source as to her whereabouts, right?”
“Exactly.”
“That’s a tough spot to be in, for you, and for them. I’m sorry to say I’m gonna make it tougher. That woman from Bowling Green, the nurse, she is coming here tomorrow. And she’s bringin’ her sister and nephew with her. I had sent out the free jar in the mail today, but when she called and I told her that, she said she wanted the five extras and wanted to pick ‘em up. Do you want me to bring her up there?”
“That won’t be a problem. I like the idea of a nurse having the product.”
“Supposedly the nephew has cancer. That’s why the rush.”
“Call me before you head up this way tomorrow.”

Joshua found his three guests still chopping beets in the workroom. “Namanda, let’s take a walk, please.” She happily accommodated the request. The two walked down the slope into the valley.
“Tell me more about why you and your parents are leaving India.”
“Ok. It’s a long story, really. It mainly started because of the Inter-Services Intelligence. That’s the Pakistani central intelligence agency similar to your CIA in America. Pakistan and India have long had skirmishes over who is the rightful owner of the lands in Kashmir and Jammu. Are you familiar with those two regions?”
“In name only,” Joshua replied.
“They are the north part of India. They stick out from the mainland like a raised thumb over a closed fist, and are situated between Pakistan to the west, the Tibetan Himalayas to the northeast, and China to the east. The ISI of Pakistan encourages insurgency in those Kashmir and Jammu regions against India. There have been many, many conflicts over the years between the mujahideen, some call them the Ultras, and the Indian military. As a result there are as many as 60,000 Indian soldiers stationed in those two disputed regions. There have been numerous atrocities, what is called extra-judicial activities, with thousands of the inhabitants dying at the hands of Indian soldiers. It would be like your army in this country marching through American towns and indiscriminately killing those who protested its presence. In the last twenty years it is estimated that as many as fifty thousand souls have been killed at the hand of their own countrymen.”
Joshua and Namanda sat on a raised mound in the valley. “Please continue,” Joshua asked.
“A friend of my father is a captain in the Border Security Force, a division of the Indian Central Armed Police. The friend knew of the BSF plans to use me as an operative in the area around Fazilka, which is in Punjab near the Pakistan border. That area is known to harbor terrorist cells backed and financed by the Pakistani ISI. There also are several cells of Al Qaeda in India, and Fazilka is believed to be one of their strongholds. 
My father was warned that the intentions to use me were much too dangerous; that the India of my birth would not hesitate to kill me and my parents if something went wrong. The Punjab area hosts a pipeline of terrorists who infiltrate Kashmir and Jammu. God forbid if the terrorists should discover how the country planned to use me. He strongly urged us to immediately make plans to leave the country, discretely of course.
My father arranged to have our house furnishings moved to Mumbai, which I’m sure you know is the old Bombay. We moved in the middle of the night so as to not raise the curiosity of our neighbors. He cashed in his holdings in the Bombay Stock Exchange, emptied his bank accounts and converted the rupees to Euros. He arranged for a cargo ship to take us and our belongings from Mumbai to Dubai. We used fictitious names and identification, including passports, supplied by my father’s friend. That was a terribly hard two day trip through rough seas and nasty weather.”
Joshua noticed Namanda was rocking back and forth as she spoke; her arms wrapped around her tucked knees. “How did you get through security with false papers?”
“The ship’s captain was only too happy to sneak us aboard, thanks to my father’s generosity. It wasn’t a problem. In my part of the world, there is a lot of head-turning for the right price. The paperwork was expertly crafted anyway, so it was rather easy. We became the Singh family, and my first name was Rhea, a very common name. Namanda, by the way, is a Christian name and rather rare, so I became Rhea”
“So you sail, badly, to Dubai. Then?”
“We stowed away our household belongings in a storage facility in Dubai. From Dubai we flew to Frankfurt, Germany. It was a terribly nervous moment when we provided our passports to the Dubai authorities, but we made it through despite what seemed like an eternity of scrutiny. The nine hour flight provided a time for us to catch up on much needed sleep. We were exhausted, yet excited, since we were fugitives. Father arranged for a flight from Frankfurt to Atlanta, Georgia, but we had to wait in Frankfurt for Tracy to join us there.”
“So Tracy was aware that you were defecting from India?”
“Not at all. We persuaded her to join us for a holiday all the way to Disney World in America. She, of course, was excited, especially since father paid her fare and expenses. During the flight to Atlanta we told her of our plans. She still thinks my parents are returning to New Delhi with her, but they are not. In truth, my parents are no longer at Disney, or Orlando.”
“Where are they?”
“I don’t know, really I don’t. They wouldn’t tell me where they were going; just that I would hear from them in a couple of days. By the way, we threw our real cell phones into the Gulf of Oman on the way to Dubai. They can’t be tracked at the bottom of the sea, I don’t think. And we are still using the fake papers, so I am still Rhea Singh, though Tracy doesn’t know that.”
“I am starting to wonder why you thought it necessary to involve Tracy. It seems your father had made adequate plans without requiring her assistance.”
“Tracy knew about you through her affiliation with some organization that Adele is involved with. She, meaning Tracy, was our lead to get to you and the NIL which we had heard wonderful things about. Besides that, my parents are not fluent in English, so Tracy was also brought along to help them with the language. And I wanted her to chum with instead of tagging along with my parents.”
“We will need to talk this out later this evening, but for now let’s get back to the others. I want to also talk with Tracy a little while. I think you may have put her in danger of being an accomplice to your defection. Let’s walk back.”
“I think Tracy could be talked into staying here. She is not an Indian, she is Belgian. She only works in New Delhi because of the wages and the mystique of India. But I can tell you she is not that fond of my compatriots, nor are they fond of the blonde immigrant who teaches their youth,” Namanda said as they scaled the slope toward the barn.

“Tracy, if you received a gift that you didn’t want, or couldn’t use, would you give it back to the person who gifted it?” Joshua asked as the two rested against the hood of Van’s car.
Tracy grabbed his arm with both hands and swung around to his left side. “Oh my God, there’s a bear over there by your house!”
“Yes, I see him. That’s Ben. He’s checking to see if I’m safe from you. I am safe, aren’t I?”
Tracy, despite keeping her eyes on the black bear, smiled widely. “I see a very handsome man despite the face full of hair, especially those blue eyes of yours. But, Joshua, the image you project, well, sacrilegious comes to mind. So, yes, you are safe, though Adele warned me my estrogen hormone would blast off like a moon-rocket. What are you asking me about the gift I might not want?”
“I don’t see that Namanda is autistic at all. From what I’ve seen she is perfectly normal other than having an extremely intelligent mind. So my question is this. She has a God-given gift that she appears to not want, but is it morally right for me to interfere with that? It has concerned me even before you both arrived.”
“You haven’t seen enough of her yet. I really do think the NIL has influenced her since the outburst of continuous sentences is something I’ve seldom heard from her. She has her times of struggle, and when she does, she shrinks away from contact. Then you can see the autistic traits. As far as your moral obligation, don’t ask me. Maybe Van is the better one to ask.”
“I will do that. Tracy, when are you and the Mehras returning to India?”
“In a week as of yesterday.”
“You are not teaching this summer?”
“No, two more months of freedom, then back to the grind.”
“You do know I can’t keep Namanda here, don’t you?”
“I understand. But if you could find an adult female to live with her in the house, at least for a while, until the Mehras return; that could work.”
“Would you consider being that person? I can arrange for you to have a car to use.”
Tracy looked away toward the eastern sky and said nothing. In a few moments she looked at Joshua. There was moisture in her eyes. “I want to get the hell out of India, but all my things are there. I don’t know what I want to do except leave that area of the world. I am such a stranger in an even stranger land there. The people there consider me to be a freak. You should see their turned up noses when I encounter them on the street. They are so horridly snobbish. And the constant, filthy smog sears my throat. I can’t take it anymore.”
“I know that feeling; about being snubbed. Think about staying here, at least for a while. You should know that this wilderness area of Kentucky is very rural and would offer you very little. Even more-so with Namanda. I need a little more background information regarding Namanda and her family.”
“What would you like to know?”
“If she stays in this country, do you think the Indian military would be concerned enough to hunt her down? After all, she is not even fifteen years old yet?”
“Joshua, India is a country of many sects, religions, languages, geographical divisions, and political unrest. It is far from being unified; with factions that consistently scuffle with one other. As a result, people are suspicious, and walk circumspectly, never fully trusting those outside of the family. The Mehras, being Christians, are considered to be ‘outsiders’ in a country rife with caste prejudices. 
Last year Namanda wrote an article for the university newspaper, which was really a reprint of a paper she wrote for one of her classes. She indicated that infiltration of terrorism from the near west was inevitable, and she named names of a few LET operatives. LET stands for Lashtar-e-Taiba, one of the extremist groups inside Pakistan. She implicated former Pakistani President Musharraf as being complicit in providing financing to the LET, as well as some of the other Pakistani terrorist groups, all of them with ties to Al-Qaeda. 
Two weeks after her paper was printed there was an insurrection in Amritsar, a city in Punjab not far from Lahore, Pakistan. Twelve Amritsar citizens were killed in a suicide truck bombing. LET was blamed for the murders. The Times of India, New Delhi’s largest newspaper, referenced Namanda’s warning in its coverage of the terrorist attack.  As a result, NDTV, which is New Delhi Television, interviewed Namanda. She at the time was already a known commodity because of her publicized display of total recall from years before when she was just eight years old. But this time she is thirteen and a college student. During the broadcast she was asked about her supposed telepathic ability. In response she ‘read’ the interviewers thoughts by asking him to think of his children. She then named them by name correctly, all five of them.
The public response was initially one of astonishment, but soon transformed into rage. Namanda was labelled as having the western demon of Christianity, a spook, an enemy of the state. The suspicion, such an integral part of the mores of India, became apparent when she was ostracized by her fellow students. 
Of course the military became interested in her talents. She and her parents were grilled for hours at the Sarai Rohilla police station by military personnel. It was then that the Mehras began to contemplate their futures, though I had no idea at the time it would eventually lead to this. To answer your question…….yes…….she will be hunted, if for no other reason than the fear that she will be nabbed by an adversary.”
“I understand more now, thank you. Poor girl, I feel for her. I have experienced some of what she is going through. Come, time for the second round of NIL. But first, do you trust me?”
“About what?” Tracy said with a sheepish grin.
“Follow me.” Joshua walked toward Ben, and when merely feet away, the bear raised up on its hind legs. Joshua strode into the bear hug and whispered into Ben’s ear. 
“Do you want to pet him?” 
“No, not on your life. Let’s go in, please?”
Joshua laughed. “Consider staying. I need your help.”
“What did you whisper into that bear’s ear?”
“I told him to be nice to you.”

CHAPTER 14 – Precaution

The four sat in the Arabica lounge, having just finished the second daily dose of the NIL.
“Van, you were quite prophetic. You said it would be hard to keep our little venture out of the public eye. These last two days have brought more visitors up here than in the whole time I’ve been here. And there’s more coming tomorrow.”
“I am afraid the television people will cause an explosion of interest. Are you sure you’re ready for that?”
“Maybe so, maybe not. It’s just a tiny little public television station without much of an audience. But I will admit it was a mistake having them interview the four of us. If you are up to it, I’d like to make a lap around the property. Exercise is still a part of the regimen toward optimal health, you know.”
“Absolutely, I’d like that, let’s go for a hike. When we return I’d like to see the route to Atlanta you recommended. I have to leave bright and early tomorrow morning.”
“Surely. Would it be possible to use your car after we return? I’d like to show the ladies a couple of things. There will still be an hour of daylight left. And ladies, you will need to change into your sneakers before we hike.”
Van responded in the affirmative about the usage of his car; just as long as he would be the driver.
While Tracy and Namanda left to change shoes, Joshua explained to Van the situation with the Mehras defection; and that Tracy was more or less in the dark about it. Van shook his head, fully understanding that the entrapment the Mehras faced in India would also happen in the good old U S of A, once Namanda’s talents were discovered.
“What are you going to do?” Van asked
“Hang on.” Joshua dialed his cell phone. “Autry, do you still have that old pickup truck at your house, and if so, do you think I could borrow it for a few days?”
“Yeah, it will gitcha where ya wanna go, but it ain’t nothin’ to look at. And hey, you got a shipment in from Arizona today. You come git the truck and pick up the stuff while you’re here.”
“We’ll be there in an hour and a half. Also, on my entry road, there are stanchions that appear to have anchored a gate at one time. Do you know what happened to the gate? Do you know where I mean, down by the highway?”
“Yep, there was a gate there when the Park Service was usin’ the property. But I have no idea what they done with it.”
“I imagine they kept it, but I am going to need a gate. I’ll explain it to you later. See you in a little while.” 

Van noticed the hyper energy level of Namanda. She was skipping up the eastern slope with the ease of a gazelle. Joshua explained the history of the area as they climbed; not that the ladies would know who Daniel Boone was, but he expounded anyway. When they reached the clearing at the summit that exposed the panoramic eastern vista the ladies gasped in appreciation. Tracy commented that it was not unlike the terrain of her home in southwestern Belgium. Joshua asked Van to escort Tracy on to the western turn and to wait for him and Namanda to join them at the precipitous drop. He waited until they were out of sight.
“See the initials in this tree?” He asked Namanda.
“Yeah, D.B.”
“Follow me closely. I put the initials there to mark this exact spot. We are going to carefully walk down the slope toward the river. If you find yourself slipping, reach out for a branch. It’s fairly steep but we won’t have to go far.”
Joshua led Namanda down the mountainside for approximately fifty feet through the tangle of tree limbs and bushes. He stopped at a narrow steppe and turned to his right. He held onto Namanda’s hand and led her for a few more paces.
“Look. Do you see it?” Joshua pointed at the upward slope.
“See what? Oh wait…..it’s an opening in the ground.”
“It’s a cave. A tiny entrance….you have to crawl in, but once past a few feet on your hands and knees, it opens up to where you can stand. I don’t know of any living person that knows about this place, other than you and me. I’m showing it to you in case you ever should need a hiding place. So it will be our own little secret. Think you could find this place by yourself?”
Namanda did not answer. Instead she parted the undergrowth that partially obscured the opening and crawled inside. Joshua waited for a few moments.
“I am in here and I can stand up. How far does it go? It’s dark in here. haHA.” Namanda yelled loudly with a slight reverberation.
“Come back out, Namanda. Be careful, it’s awkward getting out, so you will want to come out feet first to keep from rolling down the hill.”
Using branches as levers, they pulled their way back to the ridge, then joined the others. Namanda placed her toes over the edge of the cliff and looked down the two hundred foot sheer drop. “haHA. I love this.”
Once the adults were over their fright of Namanda’s bravery, or perhaps it was naivety, Joshua led the party the rest of the circuit back to the barn. 
“We are going to go into town, so ladies, be thinking about what you may need for yourselves. It’s a small little store in a little town so don’t expect much. Use the facilities if you have to and we’ll pull out in five minutes.” 

“Turn right here. This is US Highway 27, Van. Stay on it all the way to Knoxville, then pick up Interstate 75 south which will take you to the Atlanta airport. It can take anywhere from four and a half to five hours, depending on traffic. You’ll time the trip through Knoxville perfectly….after the morning rush and before the lunch traffic.”
In five minutes they reached the small hamlet of Whitley City. City, of course, was a misnomer, it having only 1,125 residents. It was a town of stagnation, stuck in time, with a dated Kroger grocery store that had seen better decades, a Rite-Aid Pharmacy, Martin’s General Store, and little else, other than the police station and court house combination. The tiny government center served the whole of McCreary County, which county contained merely 18,000 inhabitants, and sadly twelve percent of them were unemployed. Such was the domain of Sheriff Autry Kane.
Autry greeted his guests, as did his pseudo-deputized German shepherd named Smiley. Named after Gene Autry’s sidekick in many films, Smiley Burnette. After exchanging pleasantries with Joshua’s guests, he marched the entourage out the back door of his office and showed them his rust bucket…..a 1988 Ford pickup truck.
“She runs like a top, but her skin’s seen much better days.”
“Thank you, Autry, I will make sure she is pampered. Might put a little NIL in her tank.”
“Nah, don’t do that. Save the NIL for folks that need it.”
“We’re going to make a stop at Martin’s. By the way, did you mail off a carton to Van’s California address?”
“Yeah, I did. It just might be waitin’ for him when he gets back. I’m fixin’ to look into that gate thing. I’ll call you when I find out somethin’.”

Gizelle Martin, pouring over her delivery receipts, noticed movement coming from her desk monitor. She expanded security screen number two and saw the two ladies in aisle one, the cosmetics and toiletries area. She shrunk that screen and expanded screen one which captured most of her parking lot. She abruptly rose from her office chair and entered the sales area of the general store. After casually walking past the two women strangers she paused at the glassed front door, then called the Sheriff.
“Autry, are you letting someone use your truck?”
“Yes, Gizelle, I am. Don’t be concerned. You ain’t havin’ a problem, are you?”
“Well who in the hell does this guy think he is, dressed like that. You know what a robe means to me, don’t you?”
“He’s alright. I know him. And no, they are not there to steal from ya. He told me he was gonna make a stop there.”
“Well who in the hell is he?”
Autry thought a moment before answering. In lieu of the television station episode, and with strangers coming in tomorrow that would be taken to the barn, he let it out. It was just going to be a matter of time anyway. “You know about the NIL, right, Gizelle?”
Gizelle looked at Janie, her cashier. “That’s what Janie gives Jeff, isn’t it?”
“Well the man you’re askin’ about makes it. The man wearin’ the robe.”
“Uh huh.” Gizelle continued to look at her cashier who was busy keeping an eye on the two customers. Jeff Cook, Janie’s no count husband, had been an absolute monster. Until recently, she had banned him from the store. She contemplated letting Janie go because of him. One too many black eyes and bruises worn by her best employee. But then, miraculously, Jeff made a one-eighty. Janie said it was the NIL that did it. Gizelle looked again through the front door. The Jesus-man was standing at the driver’s door of a late model sedan, obviously talking with someone inside that vehicle. “Well, alright then, get your large butt in here and spend those big bucks you make, you hear me?”
Gizelle joined Janie behind the counter and made herself look busy as her two customers arrived with their purchases.
“Where ya’ll from?” She said in manufactured Southern hospitality.
“Oh, hello. We are visiting here. We came up from Florida,” Tracy said truthfully.
“Where ya stayin’?”
Namanda stepped on Tracy’s foot. “You know, I really don’t know. So much of this country looks alike. It’s out in the woods somewhere. We just got here,” Tracy said after taking the hint.
“I see, well, you have a wonderful visit, and thank you for shopping Martin’s General Store. Hope to see you again before you leave.”
Gizelle and Janie watched the two ladies exit the store. “Janie, quick, go look at the guy wearing a robe out there.”
“Oh, my goodness, Mrs. Martin, who is that?”
“That’s the man who makes your NIL for you.”
“OH MY GOD,” Janie screamed as she watched the two vehicles pull onto the highway. “OH MY GOD, IT’S HOLY WATER!”

CHAPTER FIFTEEN – Expansion

Adele watched the speaker take her seat at the head table. The lieutenant governor’s words were well accepted, judging from the seemingly genuine robust applause at the conclusion of her speech. Adele looked at Jack, and said, “It’s now or never. I’m going for it.”
Adele stood, excused herself from her table that was occupied by black-tied patrons and their elegantly dressed wives, smoothed her sequined gown, and then made her way to the speaker’s table. 
“Hello, I am Adele Meadors, and I enjoyed…..no, that’s not it……more than enjoyed. I totally agree with your sentiments. The federal government has no business dictating health care. Adele handed her business card to the distinguished speaker. “I would very much like to make an appointment with you to discuss something going on in our state that you may wish to hear. It is health care related.”
Patricia Reid, one of the most highly respected women in the Commonwealth of Kentucky, examined the intruder’s card, which read: Adele Meadors, PhD; Professor of Psychology; the University of Kentucky. The lieutenant governor grabbed her clutch purse. “Let’s go for a walk. I need some air.”
Mrs. Reid led Adele through the French doors onto the terrace of the Greenbrier, the most exclusive country club in Lexington. “Do you smoke, Mrs. Meadors? I’m absolutely dying for a smoke.”
“No, but I used to. I can’t anymore.” Adele quickly made a hand gesture that traced the lack of breasts.
“I understand, and I am sorry to hear of your loss. How is it going for you now?” Patricia sat on a bench and patted a space next to her. She lit a cigarette while waiting for Adele to be seated. “Will the smoke bother you?”
“Go right ahead. I am used to it, my husband sneaks a cigar every once in a while. Mrs. Reid, my cancer, well, that’s is only a small part of what is happening. By the way, my tumors are shrinking, and I feel great. The bigger story is that I want to give you an advance notice of something that is going to happen. Just so you won’t be in the dark.”
“You have my attention.”
Adele explained about Joshua, at least in fragments; just enough to present a coherent depiction. She briefly described the NIL that Joshua had developed after years of experimentation and trials. She then said that the Somerset public television station would be conducting an interview that would educate its audience about Joshua and his health related product. 
“Do you live here locally?” The lieutenant governor asked.
“Yes, in Tates Creek.”
“Send me the NIL product. Or, better yet, call my office and make an appointment to bring it to me. Here’s my card. My office in Frankfort is not that far away from you. If this NIL thing is what you say it is, I would love to snub my nose at Washington with it. You know, this state is going to dig in knee deep on the issue of forced health care. We are damn well going to protect our citizens from excessive government controls. Mrs. Meadors, I caution you to tread lightly without expert legal advice. Are you familiar with the new legislation entitled the Food Safety Management Act?”
“I have not heard of it.”
“Well, it is law, and was railroaded through without public input. It’s another example of central government not being ‘for the people’. It was signed into law due to dirty, underhanded politics, though it was whitewashed under the guise of the prevention of bioterrorism. It will be illegal for you to grow, market, even give away your product without complying with many new requirements. It’s an extremely serious piece of legislation that violates the right of liberty as guaranteed by the Constitution. The Washington political machine is much more nefarious than FSMA, but that act could smash your dreams. So, I appreciate you giving me advance notice, but now I am reciprocating. Go online and do some research, and pay attention to who sponsored the legislation. Do some digging there. Two more things; I will not be a turncoat, or whistle blower. I will help you. I can arrange for you to get some legal advice from a law firm very familiar with the new regulations. Second, I promise to pray for your speedy recovery. How many business cards do you have with you?”
“Oh, six, maybe.”
“Let me have all six. I won’t be the only one praying for you.”
With those parting words Lieutenant Governor Patricia Reid stood and re-entered the dining hall, but not before locking elbows with Adele as they walked into the room side by side. 

“Joshua, what are you doing?” Adele spoke from her cell phone on the way home from the fund-raiser.
“Tracy and I are fixing something to eat. Van and Namanda are down in the valley catching lightning bugs. We had a little problem arise. I picked up Autry’s old truck, and Van followed me back home in his rental car. Namanda is pouting because I asked Tracy to ride with me in the truck.”
“I could see that sort of thing coming, to tell you the truth. Just give her some one on one time and she’ll come around. So what have you found out?”
“Tracy is willing to stay here for a few days but will not commit to staying longer, at least not yet. I’m still working on her.” Joshua noticed Tracy was smiling while slicing tomatoes.
“I was fortunate to have a five minute chat session with the lieutenant governor. Joshua, she is on our side, but she put the fear of God in me. What she said made me think we may be in over our heads, kiddo.”
“Sounds like she came at you with the need for legal advice.”
“She did. Something about the Food Safety Management Act. Have you heard of that?”
“I have researched it somewhat. It is a waste of time to get a handle on it since the FDA is still in the process of developing rules and regulations. It will mostly be benign and it doesn’t overly concern me. Just more hoops to jump through. But I will need some help with the patent filing; and we need to get on that.”
“Joshua, she made it sound much more serious than what you are saying. Maybe she has an axe to grind. She is campaigning for the Senate seat, so maybe she was vote-getting with me. But I believe that she was serious about helping us. I guess you’ve helped me calm down a little.”
“Tell you what, I’m going to give Namanda some homework to do tonight. The Safety Act, S510, is available to read online. Two birds, one stone. Adele, I have perfect peace about what we are doing. So should you. But there is something else that is concerning me that I will have to talk to you about at a more appropriate time. No big deal, just a security issue.”
“Call me tomorrow, dear.” Adele terminated the call without waiting for Joshua to respond. Typical Adele.
“I’ve made up my mind about what I’m going to do.” Tracy said. “I have just short of a million rupees saved, which really isn’t that much when converted to Euros. That is about twelve thousand Euros. I’m going back to New Delhi and make preparations to move to Belgium, back to my home. I want to introduce my parents to the NIL formulation. They already have a greenhouse on the property. If they want to do it, I will stay there to help get them started. Then I will come back to America and seek a teaching opportunity. Would you like to come with me, or meet me in Belgium? I would love to show you the beauty there which is so much like this area. And I’d like to introduce you to my parents.”
“That sounds intriguing, and I’d love to entertain the idea. I just don’t see how I can get away, at least not for a while. There is quite a lot of activity planned for the next month or two.”
“I want to return to right here, if that’s ok with you?” Tracy placed her hand over Joshua’s.
Joshua made no effort to terminate the sprouting of romance. “I would like that, I mean for you to return here. Let’s call the others to dinner.”

+ + + + + 

Jackie Bingham had drifted off while sitting at her home office desk. The buzzing of her cell phone aroused her from slumber; a well-deserved hiatus from a full day of departmental scrambling over the chikungunya virus in the Caribbean, and an Ebola outbreak in Western Africa. The coronavirus in the Middle East was also discussed at some length, which is also known as MERS, as well as some concern that measles appeared to be making a comeback, especially in the Philippines where over twenty thousand outbreaks have occurred. It had been a full day of ominous news. A text message simply read, ‘check mail’. 
The first of two attachments was a copy of form ARF209 from the Arkansas Department of Health and Human Services. “Two children, both aged nine, classmates at Forrest Park Elementary, Pine Bluff, both verified, H7N9 flu, protocols in place. Cause unidentified, link undetermined, spread vector ongoing.” 
The second attachment was a copy of form GF209 from the Georgia Department of Health. “38 year old female, Hampton, Georgia, verified, H7N9 flu, critical phase, protocols are activated. Cause unidentified, link unknown, web vector investigation assigned and underway.”
How in the hell is this thing spreading? She asked herself. Hampton, a bedroom community of Atlanta, is merely twenty-five miles south of the CDC complex in the Druid Hills section. She needed to see the lab reports in each case, so back downtown she went.

+ + + + +

Captain Khalil walked through the bougainvillea archway not expecting to receive useful information. Amail Saluhulean
 answered the soldier’s rap on the door.
“Where did they go?”
“Who do you mean?”
“You know who. Your neighbors, the Mehras.”
“Oh, them. Amit said he was taking a job, a government job, let’s see, where did he say that was? Fazilka, that’s where he said it was. Fazilka. Why would anyone do that? That’s what I thought when he told me. Why would a musician take a government job, especially over there in that rat hole? Seems strange, doesn’t it?”
“When did they leave?”
“I work, work, work. You know, all work, no play. I didn’t see them leave, but I would say they have been gone for almost two weeks. Have they come up missing, or something?”
“The whole family left at the same time?”
“Yes, yes, I suppose so. I haven’t seen Shreya or the girl, Namanda.”
“Here is my card. Contact me if you should see or hear of any of them. You are being truthful, yes?”
“Oh yes. Sorry I can’t tell you more. I wasn’t that close to them, you know, them being Christians.” Amail watched the soldier leave, leaned against the door once inside and let out a sigh of relief. He did as Amit told him to do. Hopefully this would be the last of it.
Captain Khalil called his commander from the Land Rover. “The neighbor wasn’t any help. He says the Mehras moved to Fazilka, and we know that isn’t true. You don’t convert rupees to Euros and stay inside India, or even travel into Pakistan for that matter. They are on the run and to a distant place. Do you want me to bring the neighbor in for questioning?” After hearing the negative response, he drove back to the base.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN – Prelaunch lessons

“You seem to have found a real buddy, Van. What happened between you and Namanda?”
“We talked at length last evening while down in the valley. What an extraordinary young lady, Joshua. I can honestly say I have never met anyone quite like her.”
“Is she really autistic, or is it that she possesses the genius of a Nikola Tesla, for example?”
“I really don’t know for sure. She has some of the indicators of ASD, but nothing glaring. I’d guess she is high up in the Asperger’s scale. But she does have a major self-image issue, and that’s what we talked about. The bottom line is that she desperately wants to be accepted for who she is, especially among her peers, which is an emotion practically all autistic persons share. Another common trait is that she sometimes blurts out something that is completely out of context. Like when I joined her last night to read over the Food Safety law, she suddenly said she wanted you to take her to church in the morning.
Another thing; you had asked me my opinion about the ethics of trying to change her. My vote is; yes, you should. Number one because that is what she wants and her family is paying a heavy price to bring that about. Number two is that I believe she will be abused because of her gifts. Think about it. Would our own politicians want their minds read? They’d all be sent to jail.” Van said with a smirk. Where are the girls, by the way?”
“They are making a lap around the mountain. They will be back any minute now. I would have joined them but I wanted to wait for you. I haven’t given you enough one on one time, and you will be leaving within the hour.”
Joshua paused and looked away, eyes shut, as if distracted by some disturbing thought. “Van, about Namanda and the potential for abuse that you mention. Think about this. If everyone in the world had the power to read every single person’s mind, would there be more or fewer wars?”
“Oh my, that is a philosophical riddle that would require some thought. I suppose it wouldn’t be a good thing for marriages,” Van conjectured with a smile. “The wife really would know if the hubby thought she looked fat in that dress.”
“Think about it, Van. It would be a terrible curse. It would be the worst possible case of identity theft. People would withdraw from contact with one another and live in dismal, utter isolation. Think of the sociological implications. Even though we humans war with each other, isn’t occasional conflict better than not having any sense of community or sense of belonging? The consequence of isolation would completely refute John Donne’s premise…..every man would indeed become an island.
Van, I have lived on the edge of such a miserable existence. It is the reason I have chosen to live the way I do, and it is, I think, even more prevalent in Namanda’s life. People exclude her, and figuratively cast her out of their closed circle, once they discover the terror of having their privacy invaded by her. She is desperately searching for acceptance, to find companionship, to grasp a welcoming hand, and it is my prayer that I can help her find her dream. In song it is said that love hurts. No, it is rejection that hurts beyond measure.”
“She loves you, I hope you know, and she has a great deal of joy at the moment.”
“So, Van, have you noticed any effects from taking the NIL?” It was obvious to Van that Joshua’s abrupt change of subject matter meant the girls were close at hand.
“Yeah, I have. It’s the energy I feel, especially in the morning upon waking. It’s a youthful feeling.”
“That should continue. With continued use I think you’ll find an inner peace as well. How about any noticeable difference in mental clarity?”
“Maybe. That S510 law was extremely dry reading, but I made it through from start to finish without a hiccup. Namanda was scrolling through it so fast I had to keep up. Believe it or not, I think she has that whole law memorized.”
“You know if I take her to church there will be some awkwardness?”
“I’ve considered that. Are you going to do it?”
“Yes, for her sake, but I’ll talk with her after you leave. I don’t want her blurting out something during a sermon. But you and I both know all eyes will be on me. Here come the girls.”
Van stood as the girls entered the Arabica lounge. Joshua was more amused than surprised to see Namanda hug Van before the three sat. He also noticed a pink glow on Tracy’s cheeks, evidence that she also was feeling a boost of energy.
“Van has invited me to visit him in California whenever I want to go.” Namanda said with enthusiasm. 
Van turned to face Joshua. “In case there is a need. But, really, I’d like it if all of you came to visit. Newport Beach is a beautiful place to visit, as is San Diego. I’ll pay your airfare if you want to take me up on it.”
“That may not be a bad idea, Van. If the need arises, as you mention. 
Ladies, Van has to leave soon, so let’s do our dose of NIL while he is here. And Van, you should have a case of NIL waiting for you when you arrive home.” 
“For which I am very grateful, Joshua. This has been a wonderful experience for me. I wouldn’t trade it for the world.” Van held his cup in a toasting fashion. “To our health.”
“haHA!” Returned the other three in unison.

+ + + + +
 “Hello, is this Adele Meadors?”
“Yes it is, each and every day. Who’s calling?”
“Please hang on, the Lieutenant Governor would like to speak with you.”
Adele swung her legs out of bed and checked the alarm clock on the nightstand. Eight a.m. On a Sunday?
“Adele, this is Patricia Reid. Hope I didn’t call too early.”
“Not at all. You don’t have to worry, you’ve got my vote. And what are you doing working on a Sunday?”
“Well, thank you for your vote, and it’s only Jill and I in here today, but politics is not why I am calling. I want to share something with you but you must be my confidante. OK?”
“You have my word.”
“Adele, I need the NIL for myself. You must not tell a soul, kiddo, but I’ve got what you have, only in a different place. Do you think the NIL can help me? Do you have some at your home; I could arrange to send a driver?”
“With all my heart I believe it can help you, Patricia. It won’t have detrimental side effects when used alongside any drug you are using, or are you taking a drug?”
“I’m taking Evacet. Adele, it’s my second time around. Obviously, I’m scared.”
“Why don’t I bring some up to Frankfort? I can be there in an hour, and I assume you’ll want to meet somewhere discrete. How does that sound?”
“There is a Starbucks at the Versailles Road exit of I-64. I will be in the parking lot without my driver. Call me when you arrive and I’ll come to your car. 9:15 ok with you?”
“I will be there.” Adele hung up and then gazed at the floor. She closed her eyes and said a quick prayer. Evacet is not for beginners, and ovarian cancer in recurrence is not a good thing. Then it dawned on her. “Why the hell are you still smoking, girl?” She lamented aloud.
 
+ + + + +

 In India, it is considered pornographic for a man to embrace a woman in public. Therefore, it is illegal and punishable by law under section 294 of the Indian penal code. If caught, one could expect a jail time of up to three months, a fine, or both. Even holding hands in public is considered to be a taboo; a PDA as it’s called, which stands for a public display of affection. Lepers can walk the streets without fingers, toes, or pieces of their noses missing. Deformed beggars can roam the streets with missing body parts. Indians can sleep anywhere, defecate, urinate, or spit anywhere and everywhere. Indians can live in garbage dumps, children can walk nude on the city streets, but a couple in love and embracing in public is prohibited!
Apparently neither Tracy nor Namanda knew of that prohibition, or they defiantly disobeyed it, for they both embraced Van as he stood by his car. 
“I like you Mr. Vance,” Namanda said sheepishly.
“Not as much as I like you, Miss Mehra.” Van’s declaration caused Namanda to look away in an effort to hide the emotion welling up inside her.
After Joshua and Van had shaken hands and said their goodbyes, the three stood silently while watching the rental car disappear into the trees. Namanda whispered, “People always leave, don’t they?”
Joshua ignored her sad rumination. Instead…… “I hear you want me to take you to church.”
“Oh, would you? Please say yes. I want to see what it is like in your country.”
“I think we can handle that. But first I have to call Autry to see what time the Bowling Green people are to arrive.”

“You sure you want to do that?” Autry cautioned. “You know how you will be received.”
“I need to do it for Namanda’s sake. Your old truck will get me to Somerset and back, right?”
“She’ll get you to Minnesota and back if you pamper her. Why Somerset? Why not right here in Whitley City, where services are guaranteed to start at 11:00 sharp and end at 12:00 dull?”
“I figure Somerset because there is less chance for nosy people to follow me back to here. And it is a picturesque ride. So what time do you expect the nurse to arrive? What’s her name again?”
“Ralston, Irene Ralston. And she’s bringin’ two others, so she says. Shortly after noon. I’m supposin’ you want me to bring em up there to the barn?”
“That will be fine. We should be back from church by 12:30. I’ll see you then.”

“I hope you don’t mind, Joshua, but I need to stay here and work on my SOT presentation. I’m two days behind and I need to catch up,” Tracy said apologetically.
“I would like for you to go with us, but I understand. Make yourself at home. We won’t be gone very long.”
Tracy watched the old truck carrying Joshua and Namanda leave the grassy field. She waited five minutes, then dialed her cell phone.
“Rahul, its Tracy. I know where they are, but I won’t tell you that until I have confirmation of the deposit into my account.”

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN – Public awareness

Jackie Bingham rose from her overnight stay on the leather couch in her office, all too often her home away from home. In times of outbreaks, vis-à-vis the foodborne cyclospora scare last year, she rarely made it to her condo in Marietta. 
Her first order of business, after a bathroom visit, was to grab some coffee from the lounge, then back to her office to check out the ILINet data. The data would be fresh since weekly reporting data changed every Sunday morning at 3:00 am. ILI stood for Influenza-like illness. In the US, there are approximately 2,900 outpatient healthcare providers that regularly input to ILINet. Reports are categorized by the age groups of those with symptoms, and geographically vectored into ten regions nationally. The ILINet website also displays a map of the US, delineating every state, and color codes each state in accordance with specific baselines. So far the data, which included all strains of influenza, indicated no red flags, other than region two, the New England area, which was slightly higher than the region’s specific baseline. However region two had no data entry of H7N9 subtype. This being June, the data seemed normal, and at least on a computer screen, no cause for alarm. She knew better. 
After grabbing a second cup of coffee, she made her way to the second floor to find Caleb who had also stayed overnight. He was the microbiologist analyzing the blood workup drawn from Sandi Kaiser, the Hampton, Georgia resident.
“Jackie, did you get the update on this patient? It came in shortly after 5:00 this morning.”
“Not yet, I haven’t looked for it. Why?”
“She expired this morning. ARDS, acute respiratory distress. But there was also a cytokine storm, Jackie. Blood poisoning and organ failure. This strain is nasty, and you know what else? It’s genetically recombining, like something out of a Robin Cook novel. Every time I look at the workups from other mortalities that are sent to me, there are noticeable changes in the genome sequencing and phylogenetic trees. It’s sticking its tongue out at us, teasing us, saying catch me if you can.”
Jackie ran her hands through her hair while watching Caleb pull up the electron micrograph schematic of the strain. Tiny spheres linked together into long, serpentine strings; ominous, stealthy enemies searching for a host to invade. She was looking at the killer of Sandi Kaiser. 
“I think you’d better get with whoever treated her and do a thorough background. I can’t imagine this being a foul to human infection,” Caleb said. “The migratory birds are long gone from here. I’m betting dollars to donuts this was human to human, and Hampton is too dang close.”
Jackie obtained the preliminary bio that her assistant Shalandra had prepared yesterday. Sandi Kaiser was the finance manager of the Nissan dealer on Jonesboro Road, just south of I-75. According to the sales manager, Sandi had first said she was feeling ill the previous weekend, yet she worked both weekend days due to the annual clearance promotion. She had processed twenty-one deals those two days from her tiny office which would have been populated by at least one customer for each transaction. Sunday was the last day she worked, having called in sick on Monday. 
She checked the time…..still too early to call the dealership. She needed to determine if other employees had called in sick since last weekend, and to obtain the customer’s names she came in contact with. The Nissan car agency was just twelve miles south of the CDC, and within five miles of the Atlanta airport. If this strain could be passed from human to human, it was going to get messy. She scribbled a note to Shalandra asking her to find out if the patient had a pet, notably a bird, and also if there was a significant other.
Back at her desk, Jackie debated, then made her decision. She placed a call to the Emergency Operations Center manager. She recommended that he elevate to Level Two, which status, if approved, would dictate that a team room be raised to 24/7 status with singular emphasis on H7N9. In her opinion, even though baselines were in the safe category, this thing was about to go ballistic. Clarence Hill, the EOC manager, reviewed her data, and denied her request. 

+ + + + +

Adele sat in her car, waiting. It was 9:30 when the black Lincoln Town Car pulled up next to her in the Starbucks parking lot.
“Sorry I’m a little late. Tyranny of the urgent, you know. There always is,” Patricia said while boarding Adele’s car.
“Not a problem. Another sunless day in the Commonwealth. Can’t you folks do something about that?”
“I’ll put in a request. So, let’s talk. Tell me about your bout with breast cancer, and where you are with it now. And call me Pat, ok?”
“I elected for the complete mastectomy in April of last year. Tough decision, but I told them to take them both. Didn’t want to be lopsided or carry the fear of a second occurrence. After chemo, a subsequent visit revealed I had new tumors in the sentinel lymph nodes. The UK med center got in touch with the Virginia Commonwealth University, who according to the med hotlines had developed two experimental drugs, ibrutinib, and bortezomib. I take both, as well as the NIL, and the tumors are shrinking. That’s where I am at the moment. And you?”
“As I told you, second time around. I take evacet, but I’m worried it isn’t strong enough. I need to know more about the NIL you speak so highly about. What can you tell me?”
Adele reached into the floorboard behind the front seats. “This is a manual describing the various components that make up the NIL formula. And here are two sixteen ounce jars, which should last you over a month. Pat, even though relatively few people know about this, or have experienced it, in every case there has been marked improvement; from Hodgkin’s to the common cold. It is designed to improve health from head to toe.”
“Hmmm, no label, no nothing. So this is not a marketable product. Have you been to the FDA?”
“Not yet.”
“How did you come about being involved with this? Who makes it?”
“Do you have fifteen minutes? It’s a long and interesting story.”
“I have the rest of my life, which I hope is longer than fifteen minutes.”
Adele told the story of Joshua and his background. Her explanation ended with the facility in McCreary County and the expansion plans. In between were individual cases of victories, which included the Mel Kenyon public television interview and a reminder that a second interview would be forthcoming.
“You think you’re on to something, don’t you?”
“With all my heart.”
Patricia didn’t say anything for a few moments. Then, “So how do I take this?”
“I think I’d put one jar safely away in your office, the other at home. All you need is one ounce per day. You will get no more benefit by taking more than that in a twenty-four hour period.”
“What are your plans for the rest of today? If you don’t have anything in the way, let’s go down to the old park service building and meet this miracle worker named Joshua. We’ll take my car. What do you think? You game?”
“Ok, I’ll call both Jack and Joshua to let them know. You are intrigued, aren’t you?”
“That I am. We’ll talk on the way and have us a good old girl’s day out. I’ll call Jill and tell her that I’m out the rest of the day. Let’s give Starbucks some business before we head on out.”
Joshua’s response to Adele’s call was, “Oh, my God,” which were the exact words Patricia said when told about Namanda. She would say the same words three more times before the day was over.

+ + + + +

Joshua stopped the old truck at the intersection of Highway 27. A left turn would mean Somerset; a right turn would mean Whitley City. He paused, shut his eyes, and decided. Whitley it would be. He wanted to see the faces of those who had received the NIL, assuming some in attendance had been recipients. Besides that, there was less chance to keep the Lieutenant Governor waiting.
The service was underway when Joshua and Namanda walked through the double doors. There was an immediate response. The song leader quit swinging his arms as if he was a rooster in pursuit of a fleeing hen; the pianist lost track of her place in the music; the fiddle player dropped his bow; and the hundred or so parishioners rubbernecked with several audible gasps. There was considerable murmuring ongoing after the music resumed, with some singing, some choosing to whisper. Joshua and Namanda took a seat on the back pew.
The pastor, and elderly gentleman, sat on the dais and appeared unruffled, yet his gaze was fixed on the back pew. The music ended, and the pastor rose to stand behind the pulpit.
“Let me remind you,” The pastor proclaimed, “That anyone and everyone is welcome here. Now open your Bibles to Judges, chapter 15. Judges is in the yellow pages.” The pun drew little laughter. The congregation was preoccupied.
“The sermon is entitled, ‘God uses the broken.’ The story revolves around Manoah, and his barren wife, who lived in the time of undue hardships caused by the Philistine captivity of Israel. Times were hard. Life was tough in those days. To be barren was a sign that God would not bless Manoah’s household. Barrenness was a curse, and those suffering from such an affliction were considered to be broken, and as such were often excluded from the fellowship of humanity. So, the country was occupied by an enemy, and Manoah’s house was in disarray. Manoah and his wife must have been lower than low.
But then an angel of the Lord appeared before the barren wife and told her she would be with child. An impossibility, you say? No. She had faith that with God, all things are possible.” 
The pastor then read several verses which revealed that the wife did indeed bear a child, whose name was Samson, the deliverer. He concluded the sermon by challenging the flock. “Are you sick? God can bless you. Are you afflicted? God can bless you. Are you mentally challenged? God can bless you. Are you sick and tired of being sick and tired? God can bless you. All things are possible. Let us pray.”
After the prayer the pastor issued an invitation to make a public profession of faith by those feeling God’s tug to come forward. Namanda sprung out of the pew before Joshua could grab hold of her. She whispered into the pastor’s ear.
“Folks, we have a visitor here that says she is afflicted with autism. She would like to demonstrate that God can use the broken by playing on Herb’s fiddle during the offertory. Go right ahead, young lady.”
Namanda tuned the fiddle slightly, drew the bow, and closed her eyes. Ten seconds went by. The congregation, silent in nervous anticipation, began to murmur. Then the bow struck the first note of “How Great Thou Art”, and continued masterfully. During the hymn three men passed through the aisles with their offering plates. Upon their return to the front the plates were set on a table in front of the pulpit. One plate had a Ball jar conspicuously protruding above its golden rim. The congregation noticed the jar, then in concert turned to gawk at the Jesus-man, then turned to the most beautiful music the church had ever experienced. They noticed that the foreign looking musician was playing with tears in her eyes. The emotion was reciprocated by several in the audience.
Namanda did not acknowledge the standing applause at the conclusion of the hymn. Instead she ran down the center aisle and out the double doors. Joshua was right behind her despite the pastor’s hollered request to stay a spell.
“Oh, Joshua,” She said with tears. “I didn’t mean to embarrass you. I don’t know what came over me. I’m so sorry. I did the wrong thing.”
“No, you did what God prompted you to do. You did the right thing and I’m proud of you.” He started the pickup truck and pulled out onto the highway, but noticed in the rearview mirror quite a few people standing on the church steps.
“Follow him, Norbert.” The fact that multitudes had said the same words two thousand years ago was lost on Maggie, Norbert’s wife.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN - Confluence

There were three vehicles parked in front of the barn……an all-time record for Joshua’s duration there. The Sheriff’s Excursion he knew, the other two sedans were unknown to him. There was also a pickup truck following Joshua, some fifty yards behind. There might even be more behind that one. 
Before he and Namanda exited the truck, Joshua asked, “I want you to keep something strictly to yourself, ok?” 
“You don’t have to say anything. I already know about Tracy. So do my parents, now anyway. None of us knew until after we arrived in Orlando.”
“Isn’t it time you heard from your parents?”
Namanda held up her cell phone. “Text messages. They are close by but they are going to wait to meet you until after Tracy leaves. We’ve already worked out a plan to confuse Tracy. Van knows about it, too.”
“So is it, ‘California, here we come’?”
“Maybe! haHA.” Namanda’s smile was ear to ear.
Seven people had emerged from inside the barn. As Joshua and Namanda approached them, it was the third time for Patricia to say, “Oh, my God.” The second utterance was when Adele had ushered her inside the barn.

The pickup truck stopped at the top of the incline of the entry road. “Norbert, isn’t that what’s her name?”
“Who is what’s-her-name?”
“The Lieutenant Governor, that’s who. Reid. And it ain’t Harry Reid, neither. Aw, never mind, you don’t know who that is either.”
“I’ll be damn. What the hell is going on up here, Maggie? An’ it looks like Autry’s been holdin’ out on us. Let’s git down to the Pizza Hut an’ tell all the others.”

After all the introductions were made, the nine people present didn’t say a word for a few seconds, then burst out in laughter. The nine consisted of the Sheriff, Joshua, Adele, Namanda, and Tracy, along with Patricia, Irene Ralston, her sister Pamela O’Brien, and Pamela’s son, Jimmie.
“Kinda thought we were stuck in an elevator there for a moment,” Adele mused. “Come on, Pat and I have rustled up some grub in the workroom. So find a seat if you can and let’s eat.”
“Thanks all the same, Adele. I kinda feel like ya’ll are a black tuxedo an’ I’m a pair a brown shoes. So I’ll be gittin along, if you don’t mind. Nice meetin’ all you folks.” Autry tipped his hat and turned to leave.
“Sheriff Kane?” Is everything ok in McCreary County? Is there anything I can do for you up in Frankfort?” The Lieutenant Governor offered. 
“Well things is fine here. Just a bunch a healthly people, an’ I reckon you’re fixin’ to find that out. But tell ya what. Put some pressure on the Park Service to give up the gate they got that belongs down on the entrance to this property. That’d suit me fine.”
“I will do just that. Here’s my card, Sheriff. Call me anytime you have the need. My cell phone is on there. You don’t have that private number on your computer.”
“Much obliged, ma’am. I hope you are the next Senator. We sure could use you up there straightenin’ out that crazy bunch.” Autry opened the front door, looked both ways, and then took off in a gait.
The eight remaining convened in the workroom. Joshua was amused to see Namanda attempting to disguise her corner-of-the-eye looks at Jimmie. 
“Hey Jimmie, its two guys and six good looking gals. What do you think about that? Come over here Jimmie, you haven’t properly met Namanda.” Adele said, ever the organizer.
“Please to meet you, Miss Namanda.” Jimmie cordially offered his hand.
“Fine.” Namanda responded, while looking over Jimmie’s shoulder at nothing in particular, all the while grasping on to Joshua’s robe for dear life. She stuck out her other hand in the general direction of Jimmie.
After all had nibbled on the light fare, Joshua invited everyone to venture outside to the rear yard. “Tracy, would you mind taking Jimmie and Namanda down into the valley. I want to talk to the rest in a way that would embarrass one or both of them. Would you do that for me?”
“Of course. I am the chaperone, after all.”
“AAH OOOH.” Joshua hollered. “Just wait,” he told the others. “While we wait, Adele, would you mind bringing out three of the Dixie cups? Pat, and Irene, and Pam, I want you to take a drink of the water in this tank. I think you will be surprised.”
Adele returned with the cups. Joshua filled each half full of the mineral water.
“Oh, my, this is really cold, and tasty, like it has a hint of peppermint in it.” Patricia exclaimed. The two others nodded in agreement.
“Look.” Joshua pointed out that three deer had emerged from the woodlands. They started to prance when Namanda performed her airplane routine. Jimmie looked back up the hill, shrugged, held out his hands waist high, turned, and became an airplane.

“The long name is Non-Seminomatous Germ Cell Tumors; the short name is teratoma. Either way, its testicular cancer.” Pamela explained. “He had an orchiectomy, that’s what the surgery is called that is supposed to have been the last of it. But the swelling is bigger than ever and painful. I am surprised he is running down there with Namanda. I know it is hurting him. Anyway, he is supposed to undergo radiation next month. We are so scared. By we I mean Jimmie and I. I don’t have a husband.”
“Well, I understand your concern, Pam.” Joshua said as the five sat in the lounge. “But I’m sure you’ve been told that his type of cancer is almost always cured. Nevertheless, if you would like to try the NIL, I would be happy to give you what you need until you’ve got a totally healthy young man at your side. Don’t be afraid to use it alongside the radiation therapy, which I recommend he have done.”
“Everyone keeps telling me that. I just wish I, I mean he, could get some results. He is in pain. Some days are so bad he can’t walk.”
“I can make no guarantee no matter what kind of illness is prevalent. With cancer, all I can tell you is that the formula has agents that can increase the number of natural killer cells. It has been beneficial in others with different types of cancer.”
“I can attest to that,” ventured Irene. “There were two complete remission cases of cancer at my hospital. One was acute leukemia, the other Hodgkin’s, and both recoveries involved taking the NIL while in chemotherapy treatment. I had a taste of it myself from a maternity patient’s supply. I could not believe how souped-up it made me feel. Felt like I was riding on a cushion of air.”
“Anything illegal about it?” Patricia asked
“At the moment, yes, there is a small amount of peyote in the mixture. It is so miniscule I had no idea it would test positive under the scope. But it did, so I am going to switch out the mescaline and replace it with a slightly elevated amount of a plant named kava, and also elevate the hemp slightly. It’s really a shame, because the drug content will not show up in a urine or blood sample. But it does show a trace before ingested.”
“Why even use peyote in the first place?”
“Have you ever experienced complete calm while simultaneously being energized?”
“Yes, I had a day like that my sophomore year. So Adele, what do I have in my car? Does it contain the peyote?”
“Yes, Pat, it does.”
“Good. Let’s keep it that way. And is there a reason we are waiting so long to try this miracle elixir? By the way, Irene and Pam, I heard about the energy producing effects of NIL. With the hours I keep, and the heap of stuff on my plate every single day, I need it.” Patricia exercised her political entitlement to not disclose the whole truth.
“Hear, hear.” Irene enthusiastically added.
“I agree. Let me call up the others and I’ll bring a couple of stools in so we can all sit.”
“While Joshua is gone, not that I want to exclude him, but I want to tell you about a group I have started called BASIC. Have you ever heard of it?” Patricia asked.
“No.” All nodded in the negative.
“BASIC stands for Brothers and Sisters in Cancer. It’s a group of us in Frankfort that get together to pray for those suffering from cancer and who wished to be prayed for. Is it ok with you, Pam, if I include Jimmie’s name on our prayer list?”
“Absolutely. That sounds wonderful, and thank you.”
“Irene, I have lymphoma and I swear to you the NIL seems to be working. The tumors are shrinking. Just for full disclosure, I am also taking two experimental drugs.” Adele said.
Joshua appeared carrying a stool, as was Tracy. The two youngsters sat on the stools. “I assume we are all here because of the NIL. If anyone is hesitant, please raise your voice. Otherwise. I am going to pour eight portions.”
There was no response. Joshua poured eight sake cups, each half full, and slowly went through the sniff, lips, and swallow routine, explaining the whys and wherefores of doing so. 
After a few moments of silence, Patricia said, “Joshua, you are going to have trouble getting this off the ground. There are new regulations in place that could severely handicap your plans.”
“I don’t think so.” Namanda rebutted. “There is a section of 510 that excludes Native Americans from many of the requirements. For instance, with the exclusion, which by the way is tied in with a treaty with France, he would not have to use government approved fertilizers. He also would not have to report revenues that exceeded one thousand U.S. dollars. And he also could legally use the cactus flower if the product were to be consumed on premise. In essence turning Joshua down would be breaking a hundred year old treaty.”
Mouths open, all looked at Patricia expecting a red-faced retaliation. Instead, Patricia smiled. “I want you on my campaign team, young lady.” Group relaxation returned. Adele, on the drive down, had forewarned Pat about Namanda’s incredible gifts, which included her tendency to be naively undiplomatic.
“Are you Native American, Joshua?”
“I think so. I was given a full ride to Purdue because I could prove I was raised on an Apache reservation. And I was, for over eleven years, starting at age three. My legal name is Yashua, the name given me by the tribe’s chief.”
“Well look, be it easy or be it hard, I am in your corner. Adele has told me about the size of your heart, and what you want to accomplish in the mental health arena. I totally agree. Totally. Do you have ideas on how I might be able to help you?”
“We are underfunded. If there is a grant out there for experimental farming, it would help. We want to construct a greenhouse in the valley. That is beyond our reach right now. And I want to grow hemp here for the purpose of creating biofuels. Did Adele tell you we have a similar operation in Arizona, with preliminary plans to duplicate this in Nebraska, Pennsylvania, Michigan, and California?”
“I need time to get my arms around this. I need to know everything so that I can approach a certain gentleman who I know would support your efforts financially. But I need to be smart, and frankly, I need some proof that this stuff does what you claim. I hope I am not sounding harsh, but it needs to be said before I can make you any promises.”
“I understand, and no, you are speaking the way it needs to be addressed. I am thankful for your interest. And Patricia, you can help me in another way. With your contacts, and knowledge, if there is a way to get the NIL in front of troubled kids, I would greatly appreciate that.”
“Hmm. Let me think about that. It’s not that my mind isn’t exploding with ideas, it’s where to start. Good gracious, I feel like going for a jog. I have to get back, but this is so much fun. My goodness, are you ladies feeling it like I am?” 
Every arm rose.
“One more thing, Pat. I assume the Department of Health is aware of the new strain of avian flu. I would love to see if the NIL is effective in fighting that type of flu. I don’t think Kentucky has any occurrences yet, but I don’t doubt that it will come.”
“I will keep that in mind. Thanks Joshua. Let’s do something. I’m as eager as a mosquito that found a nudist camp.”

CHAPTER NINETEEN – Covert action

“Rahul, do you have what we are looking for? Captain Naik Khalil asked inside the tiny interrogation room. Colonel Baldev Ganesh sat at the opposite end of the aged metal table, and was silent.
“I know how to get you what you want.” Rahul Krishnan nervously replied. The room was hot. Rahul was bathed in sweat.
“You come to us with this proposal. How do we know you speak the truth, eh?
“I swear to you, it is true. My contact will reveal it to you once the agreed upon price is safely deposited.”
Captain Khalil produced a chequebook from his satchel. “One-half million rupees. Correct?”
“Yes.”
Khalil wrote the amount on the cheque. “And do I make it out to you?”
Rahul hesitated, thinking, sweating. “No, to my contact.”
“And who would that be?”
Rahul hesitated again. “Why don’t you let me fill the name in later?”
“Oh, no. That is not possible. It could fall into the wrong hands, No?”
“Make it out to Tracy Dobbelaere.”
“Ah, a foreign spy, Yes? Spell that please.”
Khalil wrote the name as Rahul spelled out the letters. The colonel rose and left the room.
“You take us for fools, eh?”
“How do you mean?”
Captain Khalil tore up the check and threw it on the floor. Two soldiers appeared from outside the room. 
“You are a stupid, stupid man Rahul. Lock him up.” Khalil instructed the two soldiers. “Charge him with extortion. Rahul, I may let you out when the girl is inside our country. You will want to help bring that about. No?”

+ + + + +

Irene, Pamela, and Jimmie were the first to leave, having passed on the walking, sightseeing tour. Joshua provided them with five jars of NIL. Since one jar had already been mailed to Irene, the total of six were to be split up as the sisters would later determine. Irene was honest about her intentions. She would use the NIL mostly for herself, but if a patient could benefit, on the down low, she would see what she could do without jeopardizing her job. She already had somebody in mind. Both sisters were instructed that future jars would bear a cost, which they understood and they made no objection. Jimmie and Namanda swapped cell phone numbers.
Patricia agreed to take a lap around the mountain before she and Adele would hit the road. Tracy begged off from the exercise jaunt, citing she needed to complete her report. 
“This is beautiful country, some of the loveliest in the State,” Patricia marveled as the four reached the eastern, unobstructed vista. 
“That is it,” Joshua agreed, “and quite valuable too.” He pointed out several ginseng plants while they walked. “Some of these are at least two hundred years old. The roots of one of these old ones would likely bring as much as ten thousand dollars. And there are hundreds of ginseng plants here.” He explained the terms of the lease agreement……that he was prohibited from digging up the roots, but that he could use the seeds for planting new ones. 
Once the foursome had reached the southern precipice, Joshua asked Patricia, Adele, and Namanda to take a boulder seat. “We have a considerable problem facing us. Adele, this will be news to you. Tracy cannot be trusted. And Patricia, I don’t know how much Adele has said to you about Namanda’s telepathy, but I will tell you it is off the charts. What are you thinking right now?” He asked Patricia.
Namanda said, “Rocky Top, Tennessee.”
“Oh, my God,” Patricia said for the fourth time in one day. “How……how could she know that?”
“India is in the midst of a crises. I’m going to let Namanda explain it. You will then see why the problem could have far reaching and dangerous consequences.”
Namanda took her time to respond, then began. “Bin Laden is dead, but his plans are not. Al Qaeda is in the midst of carrying them out as I speak. I know the name of who is heading their operation, as well as several of the operatives. The Indian military knows I know the names, but I won’t tell them.”
“Can you tell me what Al Qaeda is planning, and why you are withholding names?”
“I don’t know the details or timing of their plans; only that it involves an invasion of the Kashmir territory using a consortium of terrorist groups simultaneously. I am not going to tell them the names because of two things. One; they threatened to kill my parents if I didn’t tell them. Two; a soldier tried to rape me. He had my pants pulled down, but was interrupted by another soldier entering the shelter. I told my parents this and we decided to immediately leave India, forever.”
“Now tell what Tracy’s role is in this.” Joshua said.
“She plans to inform the Indian military of our whereabouts. In exchange, she would receive a sizeable amount of rupees.”
“So if Tracy informs them of your location, are you saying you will be hunted down and forcefully whisked back to India?”
“Yes, that is what would happen. Only they don’t need my parents. I fear my father and mother would be eliminated. But we have made a plan to throw Tracy off track.”
“Namanda, what you are saying is overwhelming. Girl, you need to be hid away in a safe place. Another thing, you sure as hell don’t want the US military to find out about you.”
“I know this.”
“What is your plan to befuddle Tracy?”
“I’m sorry, only Joshua can know that. It’s for your own good.”

Tracy utilized the privacy afforded her to send a simple, one word text…….. ‘What?’
Captain Khalil read the text received on Rahul’s cell, and responded. ‘Deposit made, 96 hours for clearance. 500,000. Where?”
Tracy raised her arms in a joyous shout of “YES!”, then replied……. ‘P, USA, Orlando, N, USA, hiding, Kentucky mtns’.
Khalil showed his commander the text. Colonel Ganesh picked up the phone and dialed RAW, the black ops division, RAW standing for Research and Analysis Wing. RAW is India’s counterpart to the US’s CIA, and which has several agents stationed in America.

Patricia and Adele were on their way back to Frankfort, carrying a case of six NILs. “I can’t leave this the way it is, Adele. I have to do something.”
“Rock and hard place, isn’t it? You absolutely should know about this, then again, you shouldn’t do anything about it for Namanda’s sake.”
“Exactly. What is even worse……I desperately want to use her talents for my own benefit. I could win an election in a landslide if I knew my opponents tactics. Good God, what a mess. If Tracy is telling someone about Namanda’s location, she would have to be using her cellular, don’t you think”
Adele gazed out the passenger window, taking in the picturesque Cumberland River that separated Burnside from Somerset. “I can’t think of any other method she could use.”
“I think Tracy would be disposed of once the bad guys had Namanda in custody. Do you agree?”
“Could be. She for certain would be of no further use to them.”
“I’ve got an idea. See what you think.”
Adele listened to Pat’s scheme, thought about it, and then called Joshua. “Can you talk?”
“Tracy is next door taking a shower. Namanda and I are filling up jars. What’s up?”
“First off, do you now know what Namanda has worked out with Van?”
“I do, and it’s not a bad idea. Van’s brother died and left him a motor coach, among other things. The RV is in the foothills of the Santa Ana’s a few miles inland from the southern California coast. I think he told her it was near Silverado, wherever that is. Anyway, the RV is vacant and available. The whole Mehra family could move there, if they choose to, once Tracy is gone. The other part of the plan to throw off Tracy was that Namanda and I would have to make an emergency trip to Arizona because Hachika is very ill. You follow me? We’d tell her that the day before she left. We came up with that idea after Van left, and we realize there may be a better way. So we’re still working on it.”
“Yeah, I get it. Let me call you back in a bit. I want to bounce that off Patricia. We are pulling in to the Speedway station in Somerset to get some gas and munchies, so give me ten minutes.”

+ + + + +

Each and every day of the week, the massive National Security Agency intercepts, on average, 1.8 billion electronic transmissions, enough data to publish 138 million books every twenty-four hours. The NSA employs as many people as the FBI and CIA combined.
John Curran is one of those NSA technicians, and the one who flagged a suspicious transmission. It was easily identified because the message emanated from RAW, the Research and Analysis Wing of India, which source origination prompted an automatic tripper. Because the message was sent from New Delhi to U.S. interests, more particularly to Nashville, Tennessee, procedure required that a case file be constructed. He changed screens, entered his control number, assigned a case number, and began to build. On the new screen Curran printed the intercepted message, the ISP of the computer that received the message, the name of the owner of the computer, and the location of the computer. He tracked the cellular phone identification that belonged to the computer registrant. The phone, and computer, registered to Akanksha Ankur, a known RAW operative, who is the owner/operator of Taste of Old India, a restaurant located on the northeast sector of Nashville. Curran implemented the code to track future cell phone usage, which activity log would display exclusively within the assigned case number.
The message was, of course, coded. Four aadhaar number sequences were not coded. Aadhaar is the unique identification number assigned to every resident of India. There are 1.2 billion people packed into India. Curran did not have the capability to match names to any of the four twelve digit ID numbers. Ankur’s computer would have to be hacked in order to ascertain the correct names, or US assets in India would have to be contacted for retrieval. The coded message was easier to decipher; three deserters to be eliminated, one to be detained and returned. The locations of the targets were approximate; Florida, and Kentucky.
Curran printed out the report he had generated, inserted it into a color coded folder, and walked it to his station captain. The file was now no longer Curran’s responsibility. The report would be passed on up the line, and copied to the DIA, CIA, and DHS.

+ + + + + 

“You are the Lieutenant Governor, right?”
“I am, and you are?”
“Don’t get me wrong, but I am not going to shake your hand. I will vote for you for the Senate job. It’s just that I don’t want to make you sick. In fact, I want you to scan your purchases and then count out the exact amount. I’m Cecil, by the way.”
“Are you not feeling well, Cecil?”
“Our softball team just returned from a tournament down in Douglasville, Georgia. We played against the host team, and man, those guys were hacking like crazy. Then one of our guys gets sick on the bus ride back home. I feel ok, just a little sore and shivery. Too much sun and fun, I think.”
“Have you heard of something called NIL?” Adele asked.
“I sure have. Gloria, that’s my wife, used to have a whole jar of it, but we ran out. The Sheriff down south of here is somehow involved with it, if you want to head down that way and get some.”
“Tell you what. Will you see the guy that got sick on the bus ride? And if you do, will you do me a favor?”
“I should see him, or his wife. One or the other is in here all the time. How can I help you?”
Adele left the convenience store and then returned from the car with a full jar of the NIL. “Will you get this into the sick man’s hands, or his wife’s hands? It’s important to me. And look, here is my card. Please follow up with me about his condition. There is a real fear that a strain of flu may be spreading, and I want to know if the NIL is effective in fighting it. Will you promise to do that?”
“Of course. In fact, I’ll call his wife to come get it right now. She’s just down the street. Do you want to wait and talk with her?”
“No, but do follow up with me. We need to get back on the road. And Cecil, you may want to pour out a little of that for your own use. The soreness and cold chills you have may not be sports related.”
“You got it, and thanks. And it is a privilege to meet you, Mrs. Reid. You’ve got my vote.”

Joshua’s cell rang. He expected that it would be Adele calling back. It wasn’t, it was Van.
“Just wanted to let you know I’m back, safe and sound. I have had time to catch up on the local news, Joshua. We’ve got an outbreak of measles here in California. The newspaper is reporting that the number of cases is already at a twenty year high. You think the NIL would be effective?”
“It couldn’t hurt, Van, but I have no idea until it is tested. Has the case of NIL arrived yet?”
“No, not yet. Did Namanda tell you our little secret?”
“If it’s about the RV that you inherited, yes, I know about it. Not a bad idea.”
“Let me know how that shakes out. Anything I can do to help, just call me.”

Joshua’s cell phone rang once again. This time it was Adele. “I was starting to get a little concerned, Adele. How far up the road are you?” Joshua queried.
“I’m fifty feet away. Can you come outside by yourself? And bring a jar of NIL with you.”

CHAPTER TWENTY – Confrontation

Joshua sat in the passenger seat of Patricia’s Town Car. Adele took the back seat, citing that Patricia was going to do most of the talking. Adele did, however, tell the story of the convenience store clerk, and the need to replace the jar of NIL.
“Tracy is in danger, big time, and so are you and Namanda,” Patricia began. “If she is not a covert operative, which I don’t believe her to be, she is playing a game way over her head. Joshua, I’ve been to India. I know how ruthless the police and military can be. Believe me, you don’t want to be at odds with the Indian military, the third largest in the world behind China and the US. This isn’t a big enough thorn in the side of India for our diplomatic relations to be irreparably damaged. Still, we have considerable assets there and that needs to continue in order to keep the Chinese on their toes, so I’m looking at the big picture. For that reason part of my plan would require Namanda to give up the names of the terrorists that she is withholding. We need that bargaining chip to call off the dogs.
I don’t see any other way for Tracy to be making contact with anyone, no matter where her contact may be, other than using her cell phone. I suppose it is someone she knows in India that she is working in cahoots with. The clear and present danger is the tracking of her cell phone. It is so easily done even from a remote location. In order to remove her cell phone out of this locale we would need to confront her and have her willingly surrender it. I have an idea on how to do that. Autry should be here any second to help carry out my plan. Are you willing to let me have a chance at it? Keep in mind it is for her own protection. I feel her life is very much in danger, and yours and the Mehra’s are too.”
“What do you think, Adele?” Joshua asked.
“I am motivated to do it because I don’t want to see you get hurt or this place get burned to the ground. I think we should do it.”
Autry pulled up two minutes later. After a brief consultation, the four entered the barn. Joshua asked Tracy and Namanda, who were busy in the workroom, to join him in the lounge. He noticed Tracy’s look of surprise when she saw who was already seated around the table.
Patricia began to speak after all were seated. “One of the more atrocious things I’ve ever heard is how Indians treat infidels, especially female infidels. The first thing that happens is multiple rapes by multiple participants. After they tire of that, the infidel’s tongue is pulled out and chopped off. Next the hands are cut off, then the arms. Some of the infidels are still alive at this point, but most bleed out during the loss of the arms. The body parts are collected, transported to the River Ganges, and fed to the sacred fish who will carry the lost soul to the gods. Doesn’t that sound like a terrible way to go?”
There was no response, though it was obvious Tracy had ascertained that she was the target of the horror story.
“You have involved yourself in a dangerous situation, Tracy. My fear is that you will never make it out of this country alive, but if you do, it will be much worse for you. My question is, why did you do it? Why did you risk this poor girl’s life as well as her parents?”
Tracy did not try to evade the questioning. Instead, she looked at Namanda. “I didn’t think you would be in danger. All I wanted was enough money to get out of India and to go back home to Belgium. I have texted someone who has arranged for the military to make a deposit in my account in exchange for me telling them where you are. All they want is for you, Amit, and Shreya to return to India. How long have you known?”
Namanda said, “Since Orlando. You tried to not think about it in my presence, but it’s hard to not think about something without giving yourself away. That’s all I am going to say other than I’ve hated you ever since then.”
“May I have your cell phone? Patricia demanded more than asked.
Tracy produced her cell phone and laid it on the table. Patricia grabbed it and quickly removed the battery. 
“The Sheriff will accompany you to gather your personal belongings. For your own good, you will be taken into custody.”
“You can’t do that. I’ve broken none of your laws.”
“Wanna bet? By your actions you have endangered life and limb within the borders of my state. You will not be put under arrest, Tracy, just detained until it can be arranged for you to leave the country. If I were you, I’d never set foot on Indian soil ever again. If this cell phone remained on your person, you’d be fish food in a week’s time, maybe sooner.”
Autry rose and stood behind Tracy’s chair. “Please come with me, ma’am.”
When Autry and Tracy had left to gather Tracy’s things in the log house, Patricia turned to face Namanda. I am going to have to ask you to reveal the names of the terrorists that you withheld. It’s important, Namanda. It may be enough of a bargaining chip for the bad guys to stop pursuing you.”
Namanda revealed the names of three Al-Qaeda operatives without reluctance. Patricia wrote them down, then said, “You may have just saved your life and the lives of your parents. Let’s hope so. And now I must get back to Frankfort. Autry knows what to do from here.”
“Is the cell phone still traceable without the battery?” Joshua asked.
“I will have the cell phone sent to KICW. The battery will be reinstalled there. I’ve already made the connections for that to happen.”
“What is KICW?” Joshua asked again.
“The Kentucky Institute of Corrections for Women. When the battery is reinstalled up there, whoever traces it will find out it is a women’s prison. They may give up at that point, thinking their stoolie has been discovered.”
“What is going to happen to Tracy?”
“Autry will keep her down in his little lockup until it can be arranged for her deportation to Belgium. Come on, Adele, we must get going. By the way, none of this goes beyond these doors. I’ll not have our Washington brass find out about Namanda. It would eventually turn out to be more of the same for her.”
Joshua walked Adele and Patricia to the car. “Van called. He’s back at his home in California. There is a measles outbreak there. He’ll try to get some NIL in the right hands, once the shipment arrives. I’ll call him and let him in on what is happening here.”
“Measles, huh? That’s a first for us. Let me know how that works out.” Joshua gave both ladies a hug and then watched them drive away. A minute later he watched Autry escort Tracy into the Sheriff’s SUV. Tracy made eye contact with Joshua, then gave the Jesus-man a one fingered salute.
Namanda was still seated in the lounge when Joshua returned to the barn. “How far away are your parents?”
“Twelve miles, haHA.” She replied with a large smile.
“Call them. Let’s get them up here. When you’re done, help me water these plants.”


PART TWO

NO INNER LIMIT

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE - Reactions

NSA operative Mike Littleton opened the case file. “DIA located the names belonging to the aadhaar numbers. This number belongs to Tracy Dobbelaere, a teacher at the University of Delhi. These three numbers belong to Amit Mehra, Shreya Mehra, and Namanda Mehra. Both Amit and his wife Shreya are musicians. Namanda is their teenage daughter. The Mehra family reside in New Delhi, or at least they did. Since RAW has enacted a search and destroy, it is logical that all four assets are defectors, and one of them RAW considers to be a strategic retrieval.”
Bob Murray, Littleton’s supervisor, replied, “We can probably rule out the teenager. What else?”
“Actually it may be the teenager that is the priority. Google back-channeled these to us, starting with an event that occurred in 2006, through the ANGRYBIRD sensitivity software.” Littleton passed the first of three printed sheets to Murray. “Namanda, at eight years of age, appeared on Indian national television. She displayed total recall on that program. The girl, just eight, mind you, could name every country in the eastern hemisphere, in alphabetical order. The show host stopped her after she named thirty countries. To substantiate her power of concentration she was handed a list of twenty items. She examined the list for three seconds, handed it back, then rattled off all twenty items with one hundred percent accuracy.”
 Littleton passed a second printout to Murray. “She appeared again on the same network five years later. In that episode she was able to determine the talk show hosts thoughts while on the air. She named the man’s family members, and their ages, which rendered the show host speechless. She was only thirteen years old at the time, but already a sophomore in college, which is where Dobbelaere was one of her teachers. Apparently this girl, Namanda, not only has total recall, but also telepathic ability.”
Littleton laid the third paper on the desk. “This is a reprint of a New Delhi newspaper article that ran last year. Apparently this little gal has some understanding of middle-eastern tensions. She more or less prophesied what would happen in the Kashmir land grab skirmishes. As you will see near the end of the article, her projections were discarded as being unfounded and spurious, since she fingered the LET and even implicated Musharraf. Since the publication there have been five lethal attacks in the Kashmir/Punjab region, all suspicioned to be at the hand of Lashtar-e-taiba. We know this to be true.”
Murray rubbed his chin. “Interesting. What else?”
Dobbelaere booked a flight from Delhi to Frankfurt on 5, June. From Frankfurt to Atlanta 6, June, and on the next day, Atlanta to Orlando. Then on 9, June, Dobbelaere flew from Orlando to Knoxville.”
“What about the Mehra family? What became of them?”
“Both flights, the one to Atlanta, and the one to Orlando, had three passengers named Singh. The flight from Orlando to Knoxville had one passenger named Singh whose seat was next to Dobbelaere’s. Fairly obvious that the Mehras are now using the name of Singh.”
“First names?”
“Rakesh Singh, Divya Singh, and Rhea Singh. Rhea is the one who flew with Dobbelaere to Knoxville.”
Murray thought a few moments. “Dobbelaere did not change her name; the Mehras did, so it is the Mehras that are in hiding. I gather Rhea is the teenage girl, and I’d say she is the asset RAW wants to recover. You agree?”
“I do.”
“RAW will obtain the same information as we have. They might have it already. If this teenager is considered a security risk, they’ll want her back for obvious reasons. India wouldn’t want anyone else to tap into her abilities. Put a net in place. I want all four targets found before RAW finds them, and have all four of them brought here to Meade.”
“I’m on it.”

+ + + + + 
Earlier that Sunday

Papa Joe had a love-hate relationship with the quarter-after-twelve crowd every single Sunday. It was the Baptist hour at his restaurant, the Pizza Hut, and it had been that way for the last twenty years. The Baptists always beat the Methodists to Joes’ fifty seats because the Methodists had a long winded preacher. Even so the Baptists raced each other for the six booths that lined one wall. It also meant his cash register would ring approximately four times during the next hour. And poor Sally Mae, his faithful waitress, would be lucky to pocket two dollars in tips. Yet Papa loved these people; without them his through the week business would surely fail.
“Good grief, Sally Mae, they’s full of the Holy Ghost today. Why they bein’ so raucous?”
“Sumpin’ bout Jesus comin’ to church today, Papa Joe. An’ he brung a forner with im. Ole lady Simmons ain’t none too happy ‘bout it. Said sumpin bout Jerry Lee Lewis.” Folks in Whitley City had hung the name persimmons on the old lady since no one had ever seen her smile. “An’ I heird Beulah say she cudn’t wait to tell her Methodist friend that Jesus is attendin’ her church. Then she snorted. You know how Beulah is.”
“Here’s Bubba’s cheese pizza. Take it out to him and snoop. I wanna know what the heck is goin’ on.” Bubba had ordered a medium cheese pizza every Sunday for at least the last ten years. It appeared to Papa Joe that Bubba had not passed any of them yet. Joe spotted Jeff and Janie Cook at one of the booths. He knew he could talk straight with Janie.
“How you folks doin’? Can I get you anything? And what is all this commotion about Jesus I’m overhearin’ today?”
“Oh, Papa Joe,” Janie beamed, “I saw him at the general store last evenin’. And the girl too, except she had a real pretty blonde lady with her inside the store. The Jesus-man stayed outside and talked with another man I didn’t get a good look at. And sure ‘nough, he comes to church today. You shoulda heard that girl play Herb’s fiddle. When she finished playin’ it Herb looked at his fiddle like it was a strange alien thing. An’ guess what, Papa Joe? The Jesus-man is the one who makes the NIL. I am so excited.” Janie bounced up and down on the booth while her husband Jeff rolled his eyes.
Sally Mae hurried over and tugged on Papa Joe’s sleeve. She was about to explode with laughter. She pulled him back to behind the checkout counter with a hand covering her mouth. “Harlene, you know how funny she is. She says Maggie ran so hard after church let out that her butt got ta swayin’ so big she dented in two car doors.” Sally Mae bent over and tried to not laugh, unsuccessfully. “Can’t ya just picture that? Anyways, her and Norbert followed them two. An’ it was Autry’s old truck they was drivin’ jus’ like Janie said they done the night before.”
“Speak of the devil.” Papa Joe commented as he watched Norbert and Maggie enter the store. The new arrivals stood quietly inside the door as if they were about to engage in a duet. Papa Joe was amused to see all of his patrons crooking their necks in the same direction.
“Well?” Persimmons asked in a crackly voice.
“Ya’ll ain’t gonna believe this!” Maggie loudly said and with great satisfaction. “Ya’ll know the old Park Service maintenance barn?”
“Yeah?” The crowd replied in unison.
“Well, me and this here slowpoke get up to the top of the rise, an’ here’s what yain’t gonna believe. They was a bunch a cars up there, includin’ Autry’s SUV. They was a fancy black city car there, an’ another car there too. The Jesus-man pulled in up there in Autry’s old truck and sat with the girl there for a spell. Then a bunch of people come out the barn, and I am swearin’ on the Good Book that one of ‘em was the Lieutenant Governor, that Reid lady. They was all strangers ceptin’ for Autry.”
“I knowed somethin’ funny was a goin’ on up there.” The unidentified voice came from somewhere in the rear.
The noise of curious chatter began to swell once again, then suddenly became as quiet as a Methodist church service. Autry had entered the Pizza Hut.
“Ok, folks. I saw Norbert and Maggie had followed my old truck up to the maintenance barn. So I thought I’d better get down here and do some explainin’ before you folks come up with some crazy ideas. Look, the man’s name, the one that looks like Jesus, is Joshua. I don’t quite recall the little girl’s name since she’s just passin’ through.” Autry fibbed about that because the less these gossipers knew, the better. “I’ve known Joshua for over three years, and I’ll tell ya, he is a right smart man with a heart of gold. He’s been makin’ the NIL for a long while now and you know you ain’t had to pay a dime for it. He makes it up there an’ I don’t want ya’ll makin’ a bee line up there to get some. You will still get it from me. There’s a bear up there an’ it ain’t safe to go snoopin’ up there, ya hear?”
“Is it true that the Lieutenant Governor was up there?” Papa Joe asked.
“Yeah, she was there and it was a surprise to me too. Put it this way. The Lieutenant Governor and Joshua have a mutual friend that was also there, so I spose that’s how that happened. And there was some folks from over Bowlin’ Green way that was there too. They brought a teenage boy there who has cancer, and they was hopin’ the NIL would be good for him. And that brings up another thing. I don’t look for the NIL to be free much longer since the word is gettin’ round real fast and far and wide. He can only make so much and it costs him a lot to make it.”
“No!” Janie stood and screamed. “How much will it cost? We can’t live without it.” Janie pointed not so discretely to Jeff, who all knew was a changed man the last two months. 
“Just hold your horses. I am not a part of the business end of it. I just help deliver it since Joshua doesn’t have a car of his own. I let him borrow my old pickup since he has company. So I can’t tell you how much it will cost, but I will tell you this. If it works like we’ve seen a good number of times with different folks, it will be a lot cheaper than prescriptions over at the Rite-Aid.”
“So the young foren girl ain’t his wife?” Persimmons asked.
Autry laughed. “No, Mrs. Simmons. You see, that’s what I’m sayin’. That foreign girl came all the way up here from Florida to get some NIL. Her parents will be up there right quick to fetch her and they will be on their way.”
“She shore can play the fiddle.” Norbert said.
“Is that so?” Autry countered innocently. Ok, folks, you go back to placin’ your big orders and enjoy your Sunday.” Autry turned and left the restaurant despite the questions that were being asked behind him. The last thing he heard was….. “Well that’s a fine how do you do. I don’t recall Jesus ever sellin’ nothin’.”

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO – Expansion?

“I am going to stop here in Danville, Adele. I have a friend here who owes me a favor. I think you’ll like what I’m about to do.” Patricia looked through her phone directory, then placed a call.
“Hi, Walter, it’s Pat Reid. I’m in Danville. Do you have some time to meet with me?”
Walter Matthews owned and operated the Danville Bottling Company, and had been an acquaintance of Pat’s since their college days at Vanderbilt. Even though Walt’s business was small as bottlers go, she for sure was going to give her business inside her state. “I guess so, Pat. Just watchin’ the Nascar race and I was dozing off. What brings you to my fair city?”
“Have a favor to ask, Walt. Can you meet me at your plant in fifteen minutes?”
“You’ll never change, Pat. Get her done, and get her done now.”
“This will be a piece of cake for a man of your brilliance. It will only detain you five New York minutes.”
“Ok, see you there in fifteen Kentucky minutes.”
It took Pat roughly five Kentucky minutes to pull into the bottling company’s parking area. While they waited for Walt, Pat placed another call. “Hello, John, it’s Pat Reid. Sorry to disturb you on Sunday, but I am in Danville and have a favor to ask. Could I drop by your home in about an hour?”
John Morgan was probably Danville’s leading attorney, though Pat had dealt with other esquires in Boyle County. John, and his staff, which included crack corporate attorney Al Eisenstein, could be trusted. “Ok, Pat. It’ll be good to see you again. Can you stay for dinner?”
“Thanks, but no thanks. I’ve got to get back to Frankfurt and tie up some lose ends before calling it a day. I’ll call you when I’m on my way. I am meeting with Walt Matthews in a few minutes. It shouldn’t take long.”
Walt pulled in and Pat introduced Adele. “What is that?” Walt asked.
“Miracle food. Look, I’d like to know if you can empty each of these sixteen ounce jars into one ounce plastic containers. Would that be possible to do right now?”
“Good golly, Miss Molly. I bet you cut your grass every single day. Let me see. I have a bottle like that, but it’s patented to an energy drink concern. Let me think. Oh, you know what? I’ve got an overrun of a bottle I made that the buyer chose another design. Let’s go see how many of those I have.”
Walt switched on the lights in the company’s assembly section. He disappeared for a few minutes, then returned carrying a large cardboard box. “There’s 288 of these little buggers.” He held up an unmarked, clear, one ounce bottle with a silver screw cap. “This was supposed to be an airplane shot of Woodford Reserve, but they went with a Louisville bottler’s design after I had already started the run. Will this serve your purpose?”
“Perfect, though in the future I’d like a shorter version. This bottle looks like a rocket. How can I help?”
“Well, liquor folks want tall bottles because of the way they are marketed. Short ones don’t sell as well. Ok. You two start emptying your jars into this vat right here. You’ve got five sixteen ounce jars there, so that’s 80 bottles you’ll need. When you’re done emptying, come help me queue the 80. We’re going to unscrew each bottle cap and then screw them back on by hand. It’s quicker that way, believe me.”
Fifteen minutes later there were 80 one ounce bottles, capped, and filled with NIL. “Pat, if you are going to sell these, you’ll need a seal.”
“Not going to seal them because I’m not going to sell them. How many employees do you have, Walt?”
“Twelve, counting the front office and back here.”
“Here’s twelve bottles for you. Give each employee one and watch what happens. I told you it is miracle food. And when I get to the point of mass producing this, I’ll give you the order.”
“Great. I’ll need artwork if you want me to do the labelling. Also, there are dozens of bottle designs, and differing sizes too. I agree, you may want to go with a squarer, shorter, and opaque version next time. That way people won’t as easily mistake it as vodka.”
Pat gave Walt a hug, then said, “I told you he was brilliant, Adele. So Walt, are we even now?”
“Nah, I still owe you. This was nothing. I look forward to getting your business. That will make us even. And Pat, good luck on the Senate run. I’ll fire employees if you don’t get twelve votes out of this building.”
Back in the car, Adele asked, “Why didn’t you use the last sixteen ounce jar? And, by the way, Joshua and I have wanted to do this for a long time. We just didn’t have the wherewithal to do it. Wait until I tell him this.”
“I want to give John the sixteen ouncer, plus a couple of one ouncers. And I’m going to give him the manual Joshua made up. Don’t worry, this won’t cost you a dime. Adele, the way I look at it, the Ball jar is awkward. Plus, you might be able to be more profitable by using plastic. Shipping costs savings. And ease of use and packaging. Less breakage. I think you could easily get two dollars per ounce, don’t you? Can’t you see these little guys lined up at the point of sale at a Seven-Eleven?”
“Pat, we can’t make as much product as you are envisioning?”
“I understand. Just keep going with what you can do for the time being. I’d love to see you expand with the greenhouse in the valley, but that’s not where I’m headed. I have an idea on how to create a lot more NIL and in fairly short order. But I am not going to tell you my entire idea until we have some other things out of the way, like making this stuff legal, for one. That’s where we’re going now, to see John Morgan. If we can get him to believe in what you and Joshua want to do, you’d have a very powerful ally.”
John Morgan greeted Patricia and Adele at his front door. The man had obviously done extremely well. Adele’s Tates Creek home could fit into a third of this man’s estate home. “Good to see you again, Pat? Have you resorted to selling Girl Scout cookies? Or are you campaigning?”
“John, say hello to Adele Meadors, a friend of mine.”
“Any relation to Jack Meadors?” 
“You could say that. He’s my husband.”
“I’ll be damn. Small world. I’ve known Jack for years. Did you know we are fraternity brothers? He is still a cop, right?”
“Yes he is. A detective grade now, still in Lexington.”
“Mercy. Let’s swap cards, and you be sure to tell Jack I am thinking about him. Ok? And Pat, what are you selling?”
“This.” Pat handed John the sixteen ounce jar. “I just had Walt make up a few one ounce bottles of this. I’ve got a couple of those to give you, as well as an ingredient manual. I want to know what hoops I’ve got to jump through to get this on the market. If you could have Al give it a look, don’t bill the state. It’ll be on me.”
“What is it?”
“It’s called NIL, which is short for No Inner Limit. If it does what I’m hoping, it will revolutionize the way people maintain or fix their health. You’ll see when you see the ingredients, and sample it for yourself. I’d also like you to help me obtain the endorsement of Dr. Levin up at Jewish Hospital.”
“You can’t make health claims, Pat. You know that. Levin is a tough get. I have my doubts that he’ll endorse anything without over-the-top proof.”
“I won’t. You know me……nothing ventured, nothing gained. If it does what I’ve been told, there will be no need to make health claims. And if it fizzles out, which I don’t believe it will, at least we tried. So will you help me out?”
“Give me a couple days. I’ll have Al take a look. First thing in the process is that you’ll have to obtain a patent. I can’t get you a patent without some detailed information. I’ll let you know what I need after reading the manual. Where do you stand on the campaign?”
“Too early to be confident, John. I appreciate you seeing me on a Sunday. Here’s the two little bottles and the manual. Let me know. And say hello to Meredith.”
Again on Highway 27, Adele said, “Pat, you have gotten more done in an hour than I thought humanly possible. But then again, since we both have cancer, time is precious, isn’t it?”
“Well, my political stature certainly helps open doors, but if I was selling shoes at the Mall, I’d still be the same way. And yes, time is always on my mind.” Pat looked at Adele. “Do you know how many thousands of people in my state that could have the NIL in their bellies right now? That’s what concerns me the most. More than my own condition, to be truthful. One more thing……if I didn’t have the NIL in my belly right now, I might not have stopped at either place. You and Joshua have really got something here, kiddo.”
“I simply cannot believe what has transpired since we met on the terrace last night. Wow.”
“Welcome to my world. Adele, one thing you must know. This is a dirty, rotten world at times. If the NIL were to be discovered by another element of society, it would have been stolen away from you in the blink of an eye. So yes, it was fate that put us together. No, that’s not right; instead of fate, Adele, it is God answering my prayers, and the prayers of many. Do you believe that?”
“I do, Pat. I do.”
“Adele, please don’t think I am trying to take control of your dreams. I am just trying to help, and maybe save my life too. I want to ask you something. If school kids were getting a daily dose of this stuff, do you think they’d do better in the classroom?”
“I sure do. Pat, I am a teacher, and I’ve had access to the various versions of NIL up to this latest mixture for about three years. Don’t rat me out, but I’ve watched my own students excel after drinking it. I teach college age kids. I think a lot more kids could get into college if they would have access to it at an earlier age. So yes, I sure do.”
“Education has my heart strings. You heard me talk about it last night. My mind is exploding, Adele. Let’s just say, as the Lieutenant Governor, I have access to the massive educational fund for the Commonwealth. I am going to give the NIL a trial run for myself for a couple of weeks, then decide if certain buttons need to be pushed. Adele, what school inside our state has a very large agriculture program?”
“Don’t make me laugh. My own school has one of the largest in the country.”
“Bingo. Listen, the University of Florida has received over a hundred and fifty million dollars in royalties from the sale proceeds of Gatorade. Now keep listening. Joshua’s heart is in helping the guy who is down and out, and I applaud him for that. What if you and Jack, and Joshua, received a part of the royalties the University of Kentucky would generate from the NIL? Joshua could continue his heartfelt campaign and still profit greatly from holding the joint patent with the University. What do you think of that idea?”
“Wow, Pat. You’re thinking way bigger than Joshua and I. I’d have to bounce it off him. He is the brain that developed this thing. I’d hate for him to think he’s being undercut.”
“Talk to him, and Jack, and think about it. I promise I won’t run ahead of you guys. It’s your baby. Just giving you my input.”
“It takes years for the ingredients to grow. How could that process be expedited?”
“Remember, I can push buttons with the Ed Fund. We can buy what we need. But UK will have much of it already. I’ve been there to their experimental facilities. You should also go take a look. First things first. Let’s get the patent process started, so talk to Jack and Joshua about setting up an LLC. John Morgan can get that done for you for small change. You’ve got to lock this product into your own control, so the patent comes first. If you want to involve the UK Ag department, let them go to the FDA. They’d get it through a lot faster than you could.”
“You are certainly on a roll, girl.”
“A NIL roll, my friend. A NIL roll.”

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE – The Mehras

One of the current fads in India is the usage of skin creams that are designed to lighten skin coloring, especially, but not exclusively, among women. Another whim sweeping the country is for males to be clean shaven. Television and magazine advertisements tout the heightened social and professional status of pale skin, and for males, the absence of facial hair. Such was the current topic of conversation that was an obvious source of irritation to Amit Mehra, who was considerably darker in pigmentation than either his wife or daughter. 
Joshua towered over Amit by fully nine inches. A rather strange phenomenon in India is that both men and women, on average, are the same height…..five feet, five inches. Despite recent developments that elevated the female status in that country, Shreya displayed the old school demeanor, that is, she spoke only when spoken to. Because of Amit’s fragmented understanding and usage of the English language, and Shreya’s hesitancy to spearhead a conversation, there were noticeable periods of silence. Namanda was mum as well, probably in deference to her father ruling her roost. Joshua was amused that Amit was clean shaven and that the two women were secretly using the forbidden skin creams. How Indian in one sense; how American in another, he thought.
“NIL…..very goot.” Amit said in his longest English sentence thus far. There had been considerable use of the Hindi language among the family members prior to Amit’s attempts to communicate with Joshua.
The four sat at the Arabica lounge and had just finished the dose of NIL. Finally, Namanda asked permission to speak for her father.
“Yes, yes. haHA” Amit approved by waving his hands toward Namanda.
“haHA,” Namanda volunteered, “is Hindi for yes, YES. It means one is in agreement emphatically. It is slang, but many in India use that affirmative. My parents are very appreciative of you being so kind to me. They are impressed with your barn and the way you present yourself. My mother could have said that to you but it is taboo for a woman to flatter a man, and legally forbidden in the presence of her husband. 
They both are worried about our safety. They feel they must leave this area because Tracy will eventually lead dangerous people to here. I have informed them about Van’s offer in California, but they feel that is unsafe since Tracy has met Van, and his name would surely surface when and if she is interrogated. They do not want to continue to use the surname of Singh because of the flight arrangements that included Tracy as a fellow passenger. They have asked me to ask you if there is a way to accomplish another name change. They trust no one, including you, to be honest, but they don’t know where else to turn.”
“haHA,” Joshua said, which caused everyone to laugh aloud. “I have an idea how to accomplish that.” What Joshua didn’t say was the name of Jack Meadors, the person who was responsible for making himself a Meadors. “Assuming the name change can be made, what would your parents do, or where would they go?”
“They won’t tell me that, because once I know, you will know, and they do not wish for you to be further endangered by knowing. I have told them that you have the same ability as I do.”
“I see,” said Joshua, “but if they want to consider the reservation in Arizona, it would be safe there. It is a tightly closed community, with adequate policing, and on my recommendation you would be hidden well. The drawback would be the lack of opportunity for all of you, other than helping produce the NIL. 
Namanda, why don’t I make a phone call or two while you show your parents the rest of the property. There is a small surprise for you in our secret hiding place, that is, if you want to reveal that to your parents.”
Namanda spoke in Hindi to her father and mother. The Mehra family rose and left through the back door.

“Hello Adele. Are you still with Patricia?” Joshua asked.
“We’re just coming into Frankfurt. Boy have I got news for you, young man.”
“Oh? Do tell.”
“Patricia made two stops in Danville on the way back. She had five Ball jars converted into eighty one ounce, plastic containers. She didn’t have to pay a dime for that, plus she set it up to have more made only with a different shape container. What do you think about that?”
“That is terrific. That’s something we’ve thought about a lot. But listen, I have a question for you and Patricia. What is the US policy for granting asylum to refugees?”
“Hang on.” Adele held the phone down while asking Patricia, then returned after a few moments. “She isn’t quite sure because the US has no beef with India like they do with North Korea. She could find out but she suggests we don’t pursue that route anyway. If we did there would be too many questions asked and then Namanda’s gifts would be discovered. The bottom line is that she would be taken advantage of here just like over there. If the Mehras haven’t made their own plans yet, she thinks a safe house that she knows of makes the most sense until something else can be worked out. Once they become US citizens they would be protected and could not be forcefully returned to India. Pat says they will have to get a green card using something called Asylee Status. She can help them obtain that.”
“Do you think Jack can handle a name change for the Mehras, who are using the name Singh at present? They are probably correctly worried the Singh name is traceable.”
“I’ll ask him. We also stopped at an attorney’s house. He is going to look into the patenting and whatnot. That’s also free of charge, I think. There’s even more to talk about, but I want to get with Jack first. So I’ll ask him tonight about the name change thing and then give you a call. I had planned to call you anyway once I got home. Hang on.” Adele once again held her phone down.
“Hey, Joshua, it’s Pat. The Mehras have a car, right?”
“Yes, they do. Thank you for all you’ve done today.”
“Don’t mention it. Glad to help. Their car is a rental, right?”
“Yes.”
“That has to go, and like now. The newest rental cars have homing devices. It is the best way for the bad guys to find them. I can arrange for a car they can borrow, if that is something they want to take advantage of. The sooner the better on that. Make sure they are aware of that. And when they turn the rental in, make sure it isn’t near the location they are staying. You have my business card and private number, correct?”
“Yes, I have it.”
“Call me tomorrow. Here’s Adele.”
“I’ll call you later tonight, Joshua. There’s a lot to talk about. Bye.” Adele hung up before he could return the goodbye. Typical Adele.

Namanda stopped on the trail where the eastern view availed itself. Her parents were impressed with the majestic view of the rolling hills in the distance and the river below. She was amazed to see her mother and father embrace as they observed the scenery. Shreya told her it was reminiscent of a place in northern India they had done the same, many years ago, and very much against the law.
Namanda thought a moment, then said, in Hindi, “Come, follow me.”
She backtracked on the trail and led them to the tree marked with the DB initials, then said, “I have a hiding place. Do you want to see it?”
“haHA,” Amit replied.
Though Shreya was hesitant, Amit helped Shreya by pushing her derriere, in a quite inappropriate manner, through the narrow hillside opening, since Namanda had already gone ahead. “America, it ok.” He rationalized, though Shreya made no complaint. It was apparent to her that the NIL had side effects. 
The flashlight was found easily enough. Namanda switched it on, then gasped. “Oooh.” She marveled at the vast expanse that lay ahead. She also was startled that beyond the first few paces there was an expanse to the left and right, as well as ahead. It was an enormous cave that sloped downward to a basin far below.
“Do you want to explore?” Namanda asked in Hindi.
“haHA.” Amit was apparently was not a stranger to spelunking.
Namanda swung the flashlight left to right and established that the right hand side was more easily traversed. She measured each downward step, touching the cavern wall with her right hand while with her other hand she aimed the light ahead and to the left. After twenty or so careful paces there appeared a plateau in the distance, to which Namanda squinted her eyes, then said, “Oh my, oh my.” The flat area contained a cot, two sleeping bags, a knapsack, a lantern, and canned food. She found the button on the lantern and switched it on. Amit screamed, “Baap re baap.” In English that would loosely translate, “Oh my God.” He pointed out, with the flashlight now in his hand, the writing on the right hand wall, which displayed……’Jedidiah Fielding’, followed by ’12 June, 1803,’ followed by a drawing of an arrow pointed to the left and downward.
Amit walked slowly with flashlight in hand to the left, and saw that the passage downward was precarious. “Nahi.” The Hindi word for no was a flexible one depending on inflection. Amit said it in an unmistakable tone. A definite, ‘I don’t mean maybe’ no. Namanda looked at the steep, rocky, and narrow presentation, and agreed with her father.
“We must get going. It will be getting dark soon, and there’s more to see.” She said in Hindi. Yet she was determined that in another time she would embrace the challenge to discover what it was that a Mr. Fielding had found so long ago. She took a moment to consider the items Joshua had evidently arranged for her. She opened the knapsack and discovered camping utensils, another flashlight, and a jar of NIL. The discovery prompted her to shut her eyes. She must not let anyone know that she was falling in love with him. Of course, he would know that, and that would be embarrassing and unfortunate, and without a logical conclusion. In a cave, in Kentucky, in America, for the first time in her life, she felt like a woman, and she liked it immensely. 

They did not find Joshua at his usual haunt, the workroom. Instead he was seated at one of the Adirondack chairs facing the valley. He motioned for them to join him, and he could smell the fusty dankness of the cave on their clothing. He smiled at Namanda, but she avoided eye contact with him. They silently watched the fireflies begin to display their unique spectacle as the sky turned lavender.
Joshua broke the silence. “Explain to Amit that the rental car may have a tracking device and it must be exchanged for another vehicle not so equipped, and that it must be done soon.”
Namanda spoke as instructed, to which Amit slapped his hand to the side of his head, and spoke in Hindi in reply.
“In Delhi, automobiles like the large ones in America are rare,” Namanda said. “The city is so old there is no room to maneuver them in many places. He says he didn’t give that a thought. He agrees, it must be done, and quickly.”
Amit rose to his feet and spoke in his native tongue to Namanda. “Your mother wishes to bathe, and I must unpack our necessities. You stay here with Joshua, then we will join you later.”
It was yet another time Namanda wished she could not read people’s minds, especially her father’s masqueraded intentions. To derail her train of thought, she said to Joshua, “Let’s go make some NIL. And Joshua, what did Jedidiah Fielding find in the cave?”
Joshua stopped at the tank of water, and pointed. "This water. That's what he found. Plus ancient artifacts that predate the Shawnee Indians. There are still some artifact remains there. He may have encountered bats too, because they are still there.”
“Oooh.” Namanda shivered in response.

+ + + + + 
 
Jackie pulled up the ILINet webpage to check for updates. With luck, she just might sleep in her own bed tonight. To her chagrin it looked like that may not happen. There were five new cases of H7N9 logged in since the early morning weekly report. Two were near her in Douglasville, one in Pine Bluff, Arkansas, another one in Houston, and one in Cleveland, Tennessee. The virus was starting to cluster. She knew there were more than likely two to three times more infections that were as yet unreported. Still, no baselines were exceeded, so she would not bother calling Clarence Hill again. She shut down her computer, switched off her office light, and walked down the hall. She would make it home after all. She noticed Randy’s light was still on, so she stopped in to say she was leaving for the night.
“Hey, Jackie. Just now have another one coming in. H7N9, this one coming out of Lake Cumberland Regional Hospital in Somerset, Kentucky. Patient is Charles Mayes, in isolation. Patient input says the strain may have come from a softball tournament in Douglasville. Looks like we got us a cluster blooming here. The two male patients at Wellstar in Douglasville played in that tourney.”
“Were all three softball players on the same team?”
“Uh, I can’t answer that for sure, but I’d say not. The two here live in Douglasville. The other one lives in Kentucky.”
Jackie closed her eyes and imagined herself on the softball field. How in the world could the strain find its way in the open air without intimate contact? “Anyway of knowing that the three knew each other…..maybe went for a beer together after the game?”
“No way of knowing from the reports we have. But Shalandra found out something that connects the dots. Guess who one of the Douglasville patient’s girlfriend was?”
“Sandi Kaiser?”
“You got it.”
“Damn.” Jackie went back to her office and placed a call to Clarence Hill.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR – In sickness and in stealth

The Lake Cumberland lab culture confirmed the patient, Mayes, carried infectious agent H7N9. State mandates required that the patient be placed in an isolation facility, and that Standard Precautions be elevated to Transmission-Based Precautions. The patient was moved from 218 to 240, a specially equipped AIIR, meaning an airborne infection isolation room, which room’s air handler would exchange the air twelve times per hour through a HEPA filtration system. Health care workers assigned to an AIIR followed a strict protocol. A disposable gown, disposable gloves, and disposable facemask must be donned before entering the room, and disposed of before leaving. Visitation by anyone, even an immediate family member, was prohibited. 
Grace Clephane, RN, checked the patient chart hung outside 240. In large red letters, III.B.3 appeared at the top of the chart. III.B.3 alerted her that Transmission-Based Precautions were required. She put on the gear and entered the room.
“How you feeling, Charlie?”
“Not much better. Still having a tough time catching my breath.”
Nurse Clephane checked the monitoring system, the drip bag, inserted an oral thermometer, and emptied the bedpan. She waited a minute, retrieved the thermometer, and made a mental note to add 102.3 on the chart outside the room. She was about to dispose of her precautionary gear when she noticed a half filled jar on the nightstand.
“What’s this, Charlie?”
“Oh, that’s my liquid I take for dry-mouth. It really helps prevent chapping.” Charlie tried his best to remember what his wife had rehearsed him to say.
“How did it get in here?”
“Tammy, that’s my wife, she brought it in.”
“Now Charlie. No one is allowed to visit you. You were told that, dangit. Did she touch you at any time when she was in here?”
“No.” He lied.
“She still may have carried bacteria with her when she left. What is it exactly, this in the jar?”
He wracked his brain trying to remember what Tammy told him to say. “It’s just mineral water from down in McCreary.” He thought that was about right. Frankly he didn’t feel like caring.
Grace thought a moment. She wondered how this man’s wife got by the nurse station. She couldn’t take the jar out of the room. She decided to make a note on the chart that would warn the next shift of the jar. She washed her hands in the patient’s bathroom, disposed of the garments in the special hazardous materials container, and left the room. She made the notations on the chart, then immediately walked a direct route to the nurse station and barked out her disapproval. She then marched to her supervisor’s office and told her about the jar in 240.
“Does it look like a Ball jar?” The supervisor queried.
“Yes, I’d say that is exactly what it is.”
“I know what it is. Leave it there. It might help. Did the patient say what it is, by the way?”
“Mineral water from McCreary to help him with dry-mouth.”
“The supervisor laughed. Ok. Just let it be. How did it get in there?”
“His wife snuck it in there.”
“Now that’s a problem.”

+ + + + +

FACT: The Mehras were using the last name of Singh; first names; Rakesh, Divya, and Rhea. Khalil and Ankur had agreed on that easily.
FACT: All four targets were at one time together in Orlando.
FACT: The Dobbelaere woman’s last provable location was Knoxville, and the teenage target, Namanda, a/k/a Rhea, accompanied Dobbelaere on the flight from Orlando to Knoxville.
Those were the only factual details thus far. Just because the Dobbelaere woman texted that the parents were in Florida and that she and Rhea were in the hills of Kentucky could not be taken as factual. It was a lead, not a fact. 
Akanksha Ankur had repeatedly attempted to triangulate the Dobbelaere cell phone, and come up empty each time. Either the phone was disabled, or the phone was in a dead zone. If the latter were the case, it would lead credence to the supposition that the phone was located in the sparsely populated, mountainous region like that of a great portion of Kentucky. On the other hand, Khalil’s attempts to text Dobbelaere, using Rahul’s phone, were not received, indicating the target’s phone was possibly disabled. Ankur chose to believe the phone had been disabled. But why? And by whom? Could it be that Dobbelaere had been informed that Rahul had gone missing? Was she having a change of heart? Had the Mehras caught on to her deception? Or were other forces at work, such as the NSA or Homeland Security? Perplexed, Ankur left his office and returned to oversee the kitchen operation.
At 9:45, shortly before closing the restaurant for the night, Ankur’s cell buzzed. It was a text message from one of the Orlando operatives. ‘Rakesh Singh, Budget Rental Car, white Taurus, FL tag ETY-F29, date 6, 10, cash, future drop St. Louis, date unknown, uncooperative agent on tracking, will try again at shift change.’
At last, Ankur thought, it won’t take long now.

Mike Littleton noticed the blinking box at the lower right corner of his monitor. He clicked on it, and the Mehra file opened. The new insertion was an exact duplication of what Ankur had received less than a minute prior. Littleton transmitted the message to his night supervisor, who in turn printed out the message and walked it to the communications room. “Get Budget on the hook and have them track this vehicle. Time critical,” he said to the man at one of the many phone banks. “Report back to me at once when you have the vehicle located.”

+ + + + +

Adele called Joshua at shortly after 9:00 pm. He was surprised it was her voice on the line, for it wasn’t her usual number. 
“First things first, kiddo. Jack is worried sick about that dad gum car. He told me to cut out some words, so if you don’t understand, say something. He has an off duty blue on his way down there with a replacement vehicle. Have dad get anything that belongs to him, or to others, out of the car and leave the keys in the ignition. The turnaround is going to be quick. You won’t even see the guy…..there will just be another car left there…..one that is reliable and less modern. Did you get all that?”
“I get it. Hang on, I’m going to tell someone to go find dad and tell him the whole story. Be right back.” Joshua made sure Namanda, and then Amit understood the scenario before returning to the call. “Ok, I’m back. What is going down?”
“That’s all on that, except when the car shows up, make sure you check the glove box. What a day, huh?”
“Adele, I started thinking about the attorney you and Pat talked with. If he has the manual I gave Pat, it is wrong. I need to finally determine what the ingredients will be. For sure the cactus is out and hemp is in. There are a couple of other little things to modify also. I’m just not sure what to do about the limpet.”
“I hear you. Yeah, I know. Let’s not let the tyranny of urgency rush us. Don’t let it bother you all that much. The attorney will outline a program in the next couple of days. Nothing needs to be finally decided before then. Now look, hun, when the car shows up, check the glove box, and call me back. You see this number I’m calling you from, right?”
“Yeah, you surprised me with it.”
“Jack’s idea. Call me later.” She hung up.

It was, according to Joshua’s watch, 9:43 when the exchange car was climbing the entry road. He gathered the Mehras together and led them out the front door. A few seconds later the car appeared at the top of the rise, pulled aside the rental car, and the driver quickly jumped out. He waved to the people watching, but did not speak. In less than ten seconds he was driving the white Taurus back down the mountain road.
They approached the new car…..a Dodge Intrepid, purple, four door, with Kentucky plates. Joshua opened the glove box and was not surprised by the first gift, which was a cheap cell phone. The handgun, a .38 snub nose, loaded, was very much a surprise. There was also a box of bullets. Joshua had a shotgun, rarely used, in the loft. What he didn’t possess was a rifle, a longer range weapon. He didn’t like guns, and hoped there would never be the need to use any weapon to protect himself. 

Jerry Johnson, the off-duty Lexington patrolman, drove the hunted car to the Parkers Lake intersection, turned south on 27, then turned east on lightly traveled 1045. The plan was to make it to Corbin, park the car at the Days Inn, where another car and driver would be waiting to take him back to Lexington. He didn’t mind the three hundred mile round trip, especially with the two Benjamins that Meadors had stuffed in his pocket. But he knew the operation was under the rug, and if it turned sour there would be a major hand slap or worse from the department. Meadors wasn’t in the clear either. 

Budget Rental Car furnished the NSA operative the code to track the car of interest. The op plugged in the code, waited, then a map appeared showing the location of the vehicle, which was shown as a white circle on the map. While he was zooming out in order to show a larger geographic area, he noticed the white circle moved slightly. He sat back in his chair and watched. In ten seconds the circle moved again, and again, and again. Each move was about ten seconds apart. The car was on the move, travelling east, a little past midway between Somerset and Corbin, Kentucky. He printed out the map and walked it to his supervisor, who immediately looked up a directory of phone numbers, picked up the phone and dialed the Kentucky State Police headquarters in Frankfort.

Johnson pulled into the Days Inn at 11 pm. The fog had settled in and the parking area surrounding the motel was cast in an orange hue from the security lamppost lighting. A car flashed on its lights briefly. That would be Ramirez. Johnson jumped into the waiting car, and as they were pulling out of the motel property, which was located at an Interstate 75 intersection, there were three different sets of lit up squad cars converging on the area. Johnson looked back over his shoulder as the blue lights united in order to set up a roadblock. 
“Have any trouble?” Ramirez asked
“Nada. But there was something strange. At the car exchange I saw Jesus and three of his disciples.”
“You are one weird dude, Johnson.”

+ + + + + 

Joshua called Adele at 10:15. He had waited to call her until the Mehras had retired for the evening.
“Thanks for the phone and the other surprise gift, which I hope I will never need to use.”
“Jack is just making sure. Joshua, since we last spoke I received a call from a convenience store clerk in Somerset. The guy’s name is Cecil. He has a friend that is in isolation at LCH, and diagnosed with the avian flu. I gave that clerk a jar of NIL. That happened before Pat and I came back to deal with Tracy. Since then the clerk kept half the NIL for himself since he wasn’t feeling all that hot, and then had his friend’s wife sneak the rest into the hospital. Here’s the clerks cell number. I think you should follow up to see if the NIL is helping either person.”
Joshua jotted down the number. “Now that we both have secure lines, hopefully, did you mention to Jack about the name change?”
“Yes. He can get that done, if necessary. Joshua, I regret having set up this whole thing about Namanda and her parents coming here. I had no idea this would put such a wrinkle in our plans. Jack is not a happy camper about it, and at first he bowed his back about helping the Mehras any further. He’s already spent some cash and taken some risks which could come back to haunt him.”
“I can understand how he feels. The way I see it, we could take two different stances: shoo the Mehras away and let the chips fall where they may; or continue to do our best to protect them. One thing you should know. Namanda has an attachment to me that is beyond what it should be.”
“She’s fourteen, Joshua. It happens to every fourteen year old girl. She will get over that in a jiffy, but don’t you encourage her. You hear me?”
“Don’t worry about that. Adele, you said there was more to talk about. What’s up?”
“Well, Pat presented an idea which is way beyond what we’ve ever planned. She brought up how Gatorade has filled the coffers at the University of Florida. She then proposed involving the University of Kentucky as a co-patent holder with you, Jack and me. She says the Ag department at UK has many of the NIL ingredients already, so that production would not be a major waiting game. She also said that she has access to the State Educational Fund, and that buying what the Ag department would need is not beyond reason. Then she said we should first obtain the patent, set up our legal situation, and then let the University deal with the FDA.”
Joshua did not respond at first. Then, “Let me think about that. I see that it could have some merit. If it could be worked out that I could continue with what I would like to see accomplished, it is worth considering. You and I both know we weren’t clear on how to expand. We want to obtain new distributors, but the waiting that it would take to harvest mature ingredients was going to be painfully slow. Regardless, the phase we are in now is building testimonials. I want to keep pursuing that, so remember, we have Nebraska and Michigan to deal with this coming week. Let me think overnight about Pat’s idea and I’ll get back with you tomorrow. Pat asked me to call her tomorrow so I may talk to her about it more then.”
“So what are you going to do about the Mehras?” Adele asked.
“Do you remember hearing Patricia say that she’d like Namanda on her campaign team?”
“Sure.”
“That may not be a bad idea if the Mehras would agree to it. Namanda can’t stay in this area. There is nothing for her here. Pat said she knew of a safe house in Frankfort. Think about that overnight and we’ll talk tomorrow.” Joshua hung up before Adele could respond. Turnabout is fair play.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE – Monday morning

 6:00 am. Jackie Bingham awoke and swung her feet off the leather couch in her office. After grabbing a coffee from the lounge, she returned to her office and pulled up the ILINet webpage. She was startled at the number of updates. Pine Bluff; two new. Cleveland, Tennessee; one new. Houston; three new. Somerset; two new. Greater Atlanta; four new. Clusters were sprouting like the petals of a morning glory. None of the new cases were identified as H7N9 since the cultures were still being analyzed. Considering the new cases were geographically identical to the only other bird flu incidents, Jackie was positive. It was H7N9. Thankfully, of the twelve new cases, there were no fatalities.
She freshened up in her office bath, then walked the stairwell down to the second floor. Apparently her late night call to Hill had come to fruition, for the EOC conference room was buzzing with activity. There were eight staffers busy working their computers and phones. She was informed more would be arriving. The large, wall mounted flat screen monitor displayed a map of the United States, with red circles interspersed that enclosed the clustering areas. The staffers were busy coordinating the development of response teams in each of the areas. 
Jackie sat down next to Sam Mallory, one of the Emergency Operations team leaders. “When did corporate approve setting up the team room?”
“Three this morning,” Sam answered. “There isn’t a whole lot we can do to arrest spreading without a vaccine in our stockpile. The only neuraminidase inhibitors we have are not going to cut it. Do you know if we are getting any closer?”
“I’ll be working on that today. So will a lot of us, but my answer to your question is that I don’t think so. The strain is too new and exhibiting unusual mutative sequencing. Novartis is developing a synthetic version of the virus. If it grows in the lab, we may not have to wait months. Good God, we can’t wait months, even weeks is a scary thought.” 

8:00 am. “Hello, Sheriff Kane?” This is Gloria Habersham up in Pulaski County.”
“How can I help you Gloria?”
“My husband, Cecil, is right sick with the flu, and my friends Tammy and Charlie Mayes are both down with it. Charlie is in isolation at Lake Cumberland. Do you think we could get some more NIL?”
“Sure, but I’m running low. Yesterday I had a real run on my supply from the church crowd. How much do you need?”
“If you can spare two jars it would be much appreciated.”
“Anyone else sick that you know of?”
“I don’t know, but Charlie says he’s sure he got it from a guy down in Georgia. Both Charlie and Cecil played softball down there, and they had a friend on one of the other teams that drank a few beers with them in our church bus after the games. That guy was sick then, but he lives in Georgia. That’s all I know about.”
“Can you send someone down to pick up the jars?”
“I can be there in thirty minutes. Is that ok?”
“I’ll be here at the station. Say, anyone from McCreary on your hubby’s softball team?”
“Umm, yes, I think Buster Lanahan lives down there somewhere, like either Parkers or Greenwood.”
“I know Buster. Ok, thanks. I’ll be here. Just come on down, ma’am.”
Autry hung up the phone and checked the closet where he stored the NIL. Just four jars left. He returned to his desk and looked up the number of Buster Lanahan.
“Hello, Buster, this is Sheriff Kane. Nothing to worry about by me callin’ ya. Just got word some of your softball team is comin’ down sick. So I’m callin’ to see how you are feelin’?”
“I don’t feel all that hot, Sheriff. Achy and chillin’, but I’m getting’ my chores done. Who is sick?
“Three people in Pulaski. A guy named Cecil, another one named Charlie, and his wife Tammy. We are kinda gettin’ concerned about a flu outbreak. I know where you live. I’m going to have my deputy run out some NIL to you, so look for him.”
Autry hung up with Buster and called Joshua. “G’mornin’. How’s things goin’?”
“Sitting here in the lounge with the Mehra family having the morning dose.”
“I am runnin’ low on NIL. Have you got some 57 ready? I can be there in ten to fifteen minutes.”
“Yes, come on up. I’ve got several jars ready to go. Before you come, could you stop by Martin’s and bring me some different colored stick-on labels. I need three different colors that I can write the mixture content on.”
“I’ll be there, but can’t stay but a minute. There’s some sickness goin’ on and I gotta get back as soon as I get there. I’ll see you in a few.”

8:20 am. Ankur’s cell phone rang while he was seated at his desk in The Taste of Old India restaurant. “Yes?”
“It is Baldev. The rental car was found late last night at a motel parking lot in Corbin, Kentucky. None of the targets stayed at the motel, a Day’s Inn. The clerk there says the security cameras caught an image of a single person who left the car and then got in another one that drove off. It was foggy so the image was blurred, but it wasn’t the Dobbelaere woman. It was a man. The Kentucky State Police arrived just minutes after the man left in the other car.”
“The police were looking for the rental car?”
“Yes. They were all over it, inside and out. In a couple of hours a tow truck hauled it out of there.”
“Please hold.” Ankur thought a few moments, then returned to the call. “Do not call me again.” He terminated the conversation. Who else would be looking for them, he thought? It had to be the Americans. If Khalil was going behind his back with another agent, he would not be able to utilize the Kentucky police. Was Dobbelaere playing a game? 
He opened his laptop and attempted once again to triangulate her cell phone. This time he struck pay dirt. Her cell phone was located in northern Kentucky, just east of Louisville. He zeroed in on the coordinates, and was shocked to find that the cell phone was located at a prison for women. So, Ankur thought, the woman has been apprehended, but the police searching for the car made it appear to him that the Mehras were still at large. But where are they, and who will find them first? He must build a bigger net.

8:22 am. Mike Littleton opened the blinking box. Ankur’s cell phone conversation with a man named Baldev appeared, as did Ankur’s computer search of the Dobbelaere cellular. Littleton printed out the screen and walked it to his supervisor.
“We may have found one of the targets in the Mehra case,” Mike related to his super. “The Dobbelaere cell pinged at a prison outside of Louisville. I looked up the number of the prison. The warden’s name is Hattie McCombs.”
“Good job, Mike.” Stephen Justice, the day super, picked up the phone.
“Hello, Warden McCombs, this is Steve Justice from NSA, Baltimore. We need you to transfer custody of Tracy Dobbelaere to us. We’ll have someone there before noon.”
“Wait just a minute, sir. I don’t have an inmate by that name in my custody. I only have a cell phone that belongs to that name.”
“Where is the woman?”
“I don’t know that information, sir.” 
“How did you come to have the cell phone in your possession?”
“It was found on our grounds at first light today. I think someone must have thrown it over the fence before daylight. Honestly, sir, I don’t have any idea what this is about or who she is or where this woman can be found. I found out the owner’s name by playing around with the phone just an hour ago.”
Stephen Justice paused, wondering if the warden was lying. “Warden, I carry a much bigger club than you do. Don’t let me find out that you know more than you’re saying. Contact me immediately should you find out anything more about this. I am sending someone there to retrieve the cell phone.”
Hattie slammed the phone down after the call had ended. She was not going to implicate Patricia Reid, nor reveal the south, central Kentucky location of the Dobbelaere woman, whoever in the hell she is.

8:25 am.  Joshua heard the diesel engine laboring up the entrance road. He went out to greet Autry in order to allay his concern about the strange car in front of the barn.
“Good morning, Sheriff. The car here is being used by Namanda’s parents. Didn’t want you to pull your sidearm.”
“It’ll be good to finally lay eyes on those mysterious people. I have your labels, but man, did Gizelle grill me about who you are. She saw you Saturday night when the girls were in her store.”
“Autry, I need someone to do me a favor, and I need it done fairly quickly. We’ve handed out almost two hundred NILs now. Do you know of a person that can collect written testimonials from at least half of the recipients? I have a list of names, and in most cases, phone numbers.”
“I’m thinkin’ a good choice would be Janie Cook, and I think I know how to reel her in. How ‘bout we offer her free NIL for a while in exchange for collecting the testimonials? By the way, you are going to have at least three new people using the NIL within the hour. Seems like the flu is hitting this area.”
“Hmm, I considered that when Patricia and Adele told me about the guy they met in Somerset. As far as Janie Cook is concerned, I’m fine with that. Come inside with me for a few seconds. I want to introduce you to the Mehras and give you two cases of NIL. Just so you know, I am going to ask them to leave later today. I don’t think they are safe here.”
Autry was amused to see how small the Mehra parents were. Amit shook Autry’s hand and attempted a hello. Shreya formed a steeple with her hands under her chin and bowed slightly. Joshua helped him out with the NIL along with the list of prior users, then said as they approached the SUV, “I am thinking of taking Pat’s offer of the Mehra’s using a safe house in Frankfort.”
“I think you are right, Joshua. Let me know if there is somethin’ I can do? I gotta git back.”

8:35 am.  Joshua was a little surprised to see the incoming call on his new cell phone was from the Lexington Police Department. It must be Jack. Who else would have this new number? Joshua leaned against the hood of the Intrepid and answered the call.
“Hello.”
“Joshua, its Jack. I want to make you aware of a problem. KSP just put out an APB for the Mehras and Dobbelaere. They are going to concentrate on your area down there, Josh. The Mehra rental car that was found in Corbin was traced late last night and found to be travelling east to Corbin. That leads them to believe your county of McCreary is hot, as well as three other counties down your way.”
“That’s the first I have heard about the car. I didn’t know what your plan was. Did your man make it back safely?”
“Yeah, he did, but just by the skin of his teeth. It was too close for comfort. Listen, I think you better wash your hands of the Mehras and get them out of there. Adele told me about Reid’s idea of a safe house. I think you’d better talk some sense into the Mehras for their own good.” 
“I intend to do that. I will call Patricia and make sure that the safe haven is available, and if it is, I will persuade the Mehras to leave. I’ll let you or Adele know what happens. Jack, do you want to wash your hands of their name change?”
“I have stuck my neck out far enough, Joshua. I just don’t want to keep taking risks. Adele and Patricia talked long into the night on the phone. Why don’t you find out what Patricia has up her sleeve before you do anything else? I’m hoping she can take some of the heat off of me, ok? If anyone comes around your place inquiring about the Mehras, tell them they had been there but left for St. Louis. That’s where the car rental agency listed the terminal destination. Got that?”
“I do. Thanks for the heads up, Jack.”

Joshua had barely finished the call with Jack when his phone rang again.
“Good morning, Joshua, it’s Patricia Reid. Listen, I’ve only got a couple of minutes so I’m going to be brief. First, I am so impressed with the NIL. I am alert and full of vim and vigor. Second, I am not so sure the safe house idea is a good one for the Mehras. I thought it was until a few minutes ago. My contact at the women’s prison in Louisville called and said the NSA is breathing down her neck. She didn’t mention my involvement, thankfully, and I sure don’t want to jeopardize my campaign by being complicit in a cover-up. Obviously the NSA is eavesdropping on the people in India that are hunting for Tracy and the Mehra family, and it appears the NSA has engaged the services of our State Police to hunt them down in your general area. At least that’s what Adele just told me.”
“I knew about the KSP. I had just hung up the phone with Jack Meadors when you called.”
“It’s not the end of the world if the NSA rounds up all four people, but it would be catastrophic should the bad guys get there first. I imagine the FBI has surveillance teams staking out domestic RAW operatives as we speak, but you never can underestimate their capabilities. It would be much more favorable to have Namanda’s talents misused here in the States than abroad, for if she screws up there, her body parts would be fish food, and her dead parents would only be a memory.”
“Patricia, I will take it from here, but I’m not going to tell you what course of action I take just to keep your involvement to a minimum.”
“I am immensely sorry, Joshua. From a selfish point of view, I wanted to utilize the kid’s talents for my own benefit, but that is just so wrong. I wish I had a better solution. One more thing and then I’ve got to run. I am having dinner tonight with one of the UK trustees. Did Adele tell you about my idea?”
“Not much. She said I should talk with you about it.”
“Ok, we will talk at another time. I intend to plant a seed tonight to see if a door creaks open. I’ll get back with you. By the way, I love Adele. What a character she is.”

Joshua, still leaning against the hood of the Intrepid after saying goodbye to Pat, closed his eyes, and smiled when he remembered something Van had said to Adele…….that the nucleus of global issues existed in this tiny, secluded forest. Van had also said that the Mehras should be allowed to do what they determined was best for them. He remembered back to his days on the reservation and the teachings of Hachika……… ‘Follow your heart, and another will follow his. That is as it should be’. 
Joshua returned to the workroom in the barn. The Mehras were hard at work measuring each ingredient according to the 57 formula, depositing each level spoonful into an empty Ball jar. “Come, sit with me in the lounge. We need to talk.”

8:40 am. “I’m sorry I’m a little late, Sheriff.” Gloria Habersham entered the station and spoke her apology through a handkerchief.
“Are you not feeling well?” Autry replied.
“Not so hot, Sheriff Kane. I’m just not trying to spread a bug, if I am carrying one. I’ll be fine, I think. I’d like to fetch those two jars of NIL and then hit the road. My hubby and my friends up in Somerset are all flat on their backs. But first, may I use your facilities?”
“Take that door, then down the hall on the left.”
Gloria noticed on the right side of the hallway that there were two jail cells, one of which was occupied. She was certainly surprised to see a beautiful, young blonde woman incarcerated in one of them. “Mercy, what’s a pretty thing like you doing in here?”
Tracy answered, “Come close. I have to talk to you.” She grabbed the cell bars and began to whisper. “I’m being held against my will and for no legitimate reason. Do you have a pen and paper in your purse? I need you to text someone on your cell phone. Please help me.”
Though Gloria was suspicious, she fished out a pen and a Kleenex, then handed it to the illogical prisoner. Tracy jotted down a number with instructions. “Please send a text with this message.” Tracy pointed out the script, which read, ‘Rahul, its Tracy. I am in a jail in Whitley City, Kentucky’. “Please do it, I have no one else to turn to for bail money. I’ve already missed a day’s work. You must help me.”
Gloria returned to Autry’s desk, wondering if she should show the Sheriff the note. She decided against it, at least for the moment. “Thank you so much for the jars of NIL, Sheriff. I must be getting back. No telling how many more may be needing this. Gloria was still speaking through her handkerchief, which caused Autry to wonder if she was carrying, and possibly spreading, the bird flu virus.
“Any time, ma’am. Ya’ll git better, ya hear?”
As Autry watched the lady leave, Donna, Autry’s secretary, entered his office with a sheet of paper in hand. “You’d better take a look at this Autry. It just arrived on the fax.”
It was an all-points bulletin from the Kentucky State Police. The message read….. ‘APB, Tracy Dobbelaere, Amit Mehra, Shreya Mehra, Namanda Mehra; foreign nationals from India. Believed to be in the south, central area of Kentucky. Wanted by the NSA. The Mehras may be using the last name of Singh. Detain and contact the following authority immediately upon interaction with any of the subjects’. 
Autry laid the fax down, then ran his rough hands through his thinning hair. After considering his options, none of which were good, he inserted the fax into the shredder. “I ain’t likin’ this one bit, Donna, but it’s what I gotta do. Don’t matter. My ass is in the sling no matter which way I go.”
“Whatcha gonna do, Autry?”
“Don’t worry about it. Just remember, we never received that fax. I’ll be back in twenty minutes, but I’m gonna stop at Martin’s on the way back.”
Autry grabbed the keys to Tracy’s cell. He unlocked her door, walked in, and cuffed her. “Come on, little lady, it’s time to go.”
Autry drove Tracy to the Tennessee line, then pulled to the roadside. He removed the handcuffs and set her travel bag in the grass. “Don’t be for comin’ back into my area or I’ll make it rough for you. This here highway gits a lot of traffic and goes all the way to Florida. You’ll git yourself a ride soon enough. Start walkin’.”
He made the U-turn to head back into Kentucky, but pulled off onto the shoulder for a few minutes. He watched in his side mirror as an eighteen wheeler smoked the tires with the air brakes screaming. In only seconds, the red hot blonde climbed inside the rig and accompanied the luckiest guy on the planet; but in four days, the lucky truck driver would run out of good fortune. He would run out of life, having succumbed to the H7N9 avian flu virus.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX – Subterfuge

Autry stopped at Martin’s General Store on the way back to the station. He said hello to Janie, then walked back to Gizelle’s office. “Did you know the blonde lady that came in here Saturday night stole from you?”
“No she didn’t. I watched her the whole time, and the other one that was with her too.”
“Yeah, she did. The other one you just mentioned showed me the perfume, and the receipt that did not include the perfume.”
“Ok, Autry. What are you trying to tell me? You covering up something?”
“I had to lock up the blonde woman once I found out she ripped you off. Let’s just leave it at that. An’ if anyone comes in here askin’ about her, you tell ‘em she stole perfume and that I locked her up overnight, then let her go this mornin’.”
“Oh, good grief, Sheriff, what have you got yourself into?” Gizelle was absolutely positive there was no theft that night, so the lawman was involved in something that needed her help. And of course she would help. 
“And if they come in askin’ about her, they’ll ask about the other teenage girl, too. You tell ‘em you don’t know a thing about her. You hear? I’m gonna go out front an’ tell Janie the same thing.”
“So who is it that would be coming here asking questions?”
“Glad you asked. It might be people that identify themselves with a badge, like the State Police; or credentials, like the FBI. But iff’n they don’t show ID’s, you have your piece close by. Could be dangerous people comin’ this way. You let me know soon as somethin’ like any of that happens.”
“What the hell is going on, Autry?”
“Ain’t sayin’. It’s better for you not to know. Now I gotta go talk to Janie. I want her to do some work for me, on the side, of course.” 
He found Janie on aisle two setting up the Fourth of July merchandise. Gizelle was right at his side, curious as to what he’d tell Janie and what he wanted her to do. After explaining to Janie what he had just told Gizelle, he handed her three sheets of paper. “If you’re interested, I can arrange for you and Jeff to get free NIL for a good, long while.”
“Wooeee! Are you serious? Of course I’m interested.”
“This here’s the names of folks that used the NIL in the past, or present. You contact them and have them email me with how the NIL has helped them, if it has. An’ they need to say if there’s been side effects. I need this done ASAP. You wanna do it?”
“Piece of cake, Autry. Heck fire, many of these folks come in the store all the time so I know ‘em good. It’ll be a pleasure to help and get free NIL.”

Back at the station, Autry asked Donna to go to the Kroger store and pick up the Monday chicken special for the both of them. He gave her a twenty dollar bill and sent her on her way. Once gone, he retrieved the in-take paperwork for Tracy out of the file cabinet. He shredded it for it contained the reason for incarceration as being suspicion of extortion and life endangerment. He prepared a new in-take that stated the reason for detainment was theft. Then he prepared the exit paperwork and time stamped it to a time before the KSP fax arrived. The deception just might work, he thought, but if it didn’t, there would be an internal investigation and he would be in boiling hot water.

+ + + + + 


The big rig truck driver stopped at the Caryville, Tennessee Express truck stop to fuel up and grab a bite to eat. It afforded Tracy time to buy a cheap cell phone and purchase minutes. After receiving the activation, she dialed Rahul’s number. 
Khalil heard Rahul’s phone ring, but didn’t recognize the incoming number, only that it was a number from a U.S. area code. He passed the phone through the bars that detained Rahul. “Answer it,” Khalil demanded, “but no funny business.”
“Rahul, its Tracy. Thank God I’ve got you on the line. Did you receive a text saying that I was in jail?”
“No.” Rahul tried not to give away in Khalil’s presence that it was Tracy calling.
“Well, I am out of jail. It has all fallen apart over here. Has the money been deposited?”
“No.”
“Talk to me. Why are you not talking to me? What has happened?”
Rahul noticed that Khalil was using his own cell phone to video the phone call. He didn’t know what to do, but maybe Khalil didn’t know the French language. Rahul spoke in French, “It’s a sham. I’m in jail. There will be no money, and……..” The phone was slapped out of his hand and crashed into the wall.
“Hello, hello?” Tracy looked at her phone. “Rahul, hello.” There was no response, so she terminated her end of the call. Rahul, her former French student, and with whom she had chummed with occasionally, was in trouble. And so was she. Oh how she wished she had never come to America. There was no way she would venture the risk of returning to Delhi, or anywhere in India for that matter. Not only was the extortion money never going to be deposited, but her life savings would be confiscated, and she would forfeit all of her personal belongings. With luck, she would arrive in Belgium before things could get worse, but she would be broke in the purse and broken in spirit. 
Khalil left the jail cell. He handed his own phone to a soldier who he knew understood French. Once the video confirmed what Rahul was saying, and that it was the Dobbelaere woman he was talking with, Khalil returned to the holding cell. Rahul’s smashed phone no longer was operable, and therefore the incoming number from the woman was unavailable to him. He stared at the wimpy Rahul seated in the metal chair in the middle of the cell. Outraged beyond control, Khalil drew his pistol and shot the prisoner between the eyes. Blood and brains splattered the back wall. Rahul’s eyes rolled back into his head. The lifeless body listed to one side, then slithered to the floor.
Khalil recalled that the U.S. area code from the incoming call was 423. He texted Ankur with that information, with the addition: ‘Find her’. Khalil was incensed that the RAW operatives in America were such namby-pamby fools. He was tempted to go there himself. He might just do that, and if he were to find the Dobbelaere woman, he would make her pay in more ways than one. His thoughts were interrupted by an incoming call.
“Hello, it’s Amail Saluhulean. Do you remember talking with me? I am the neighbor of Amit Mehra.”
“Yes, I remember you.”
“I thought it my duty to call you if I heard from Amit. You asked me to do so, right?”
“Yes. Have you heard from him?”
“I just hung up with him. He is in the United States of America. Can you believe that?”
“Did he say where he was in the United States of America?”
“Uh, he said he and Shreya were both taking teaching jobs at the University of St. Louis, but I don’t know if that is where he is now. He told me they were on their way there.”
Khalil thought a moment. “Wasn’t that nice of him to let you know that. Tell me, why would he tell you that?”
“Oh, the reason he called is that he wanted to let me know that his daughter’s chaperone would be moving in to his old place next to me. He told me her name, but I didn’t write it down. I think it was Trudy or something like that, and a strange last name, like double air. I thought you’d want to know, because you asked me to call you if I heard something. Right?”
“Well that was quite the neighborly thing to do, yes? Did he say when the chaperone would arrive? And would the daughter be arriving with the chaperone?”
“Nothing specific as to when she would arrive. Just in the next few days. That’s all he said. He didn’t mention his daughter’s plans in the conversation.”
“Please tell me the telephone number that your neighbor called from, yes?”
“Uh, hold on.” Amail pulled up his received calls list. “Are you still there?”
“Yes, I am here.”
Amail recited the number that Amit had called from. “Did you get that?”
“Yes, I got it, and thank you Amail. You have done a great service for your country. Call me again if you should hear something more, yes?” 
Khalil pondered the call after it had ended. Why would the Dobbelaere woman use the vacant Mehra home when she had a fully furnished place of her own in Delhi? The call from the neighbor appeared to be a set-up. If that turned out to be true, then the neighbor must be punished. Additionally, if the con game is indeed the case, it confirms that the Mehras know they are being pursued. The more he thought about it, the more he knew he was being deceived, but perhaps the neighbor was an innocent stooge in the deception. Whatever the case, he needed to arouse the RAW ops in the St. Louis area, even if it would be chasing a goose. He also needed to get his people tracking the Mehra phone number, though he suspected that was a machination as well.

+ + + + + 

Joshua had watched the Dodge Intrepid leave with some trepidation. He hoped that Amit had the plan committed to memory. The call to his Delhi neighbor was the first order of business, and Joshua hoped that Amit would remember to place that call from Bowling Green, which was well inside the 270 area code and not his local 606 code. He was to purchase a cell phone in Bowling Green, make the call from the new number, then dispose of the phone immediately. He must remember to pay cash for the phone and the minutes to operate it.
The next part of the plan was to use the Rakesh Singh credit card at a gas station in Evansville, Indiana, and then later, at a motel on the outskirts of St. Louis, though he would not stay at the motel. He would instead find the Sunshine Mission in the downtown area and stay there overnight. Joshua had set that up with his old friend Paul McNally before Amit left. Lastly Amit must remember to pay cash for anything and everything on the return trip. It must appear that he has situated himself in St. Louis to stay.
Amit had insisted that his wife and child remain with Joshua, or else he wouldn’t carry out the plan. He was adamant about it, so Joshua complied with hesitation. Amit thought they would be safer staying put than possibly being nabbed by the police or other pursuers. Joshua admitted that there was the risk of that very thing happening, since the plan involved Amit’s neighbor alerting the Indian intelligence, so he condescended. The plan had risks, big ones. After all, Amit would be broadcasting, through his neighbor, where he was actually going. 
Joshua assumed that eventually the State Police would find their way to the barn. The Dodge Intrepid would be hard to explain in case the vehicle became an item of interest. It would be better that the car disappeared for a while. The last part of the plan that involved Amit was that he would park the Intrepid, upon his return, at the Whitley City government center, and Autry would run him back to the barn.
Joshua also configured the boxes of Ball jars in the basement as a temporary hiding place. He helped Shreya and Namanda move their personal belongings out of the Ranger cottage and into a cranny behind the boxes, as well as create a space large enough for the two to hide. Then there was always the cave should there be enough time to abandon the barn unnoticed. 
All in all, it was a plan, albeit a brazen departure from the admonitions of both Jack and Patricia. The both of them intimated that it wouldn’t be all that bad for the NSA to find and relocate the Mehras. They were both attempting to cover their behinds. Joshua didn’t agree, not as long as he had the opportunity to work with, and help, Namanda. He was positive that if the NSA put the family in protective custody, that he would never see them again, and that Namanda would never be able to choose her own path for the future.

+ + + + + 

Mike Littleton entered the office of his supervisor, Bob Murray. “Couple of new things on the Mehra/Singh case, Bob. First, there was a call placed domestically from a number we don’t have on file, but it was directed to a number in Delhi which we do have. Shortly after there was a text placed from Delhi to Nashville and to the same RAW operative as before. I was able to triangulate the domestic number, and it appears that cell phone is in transit, moving south on US 27 toward Knoxville, Tennessee.”
“What’s your opinion?”
“The incoming text to Ankur in Nashville stated that the call to Delhi was placed by the Dobbelaere woman, along with only the area code of her call, and instructions to find her. The area code jives with the positioning of the triangulation. My opinion is that she is travelling south to an unknown destination. I also am led to believe she is travelling without the Mehras. She is going it alone, I think.”
“Why do you think she is on her own?”
“There was a text placed from Somerset, Kentucky to the same number in Delhi we have in file. Even though the text was never received, we were able to intercept it and read the text. The text stated, ‘Rahul, its Tracy. I am in a jail in Whitley City, Kentucky’. After thinking about it, I think the Mehras abandoned the woman and are long gone.”
“Well, we need to find that out. I’ll get someone down there to interview the jailer, and I’ll get with the Tennessee State Police and have them put out an APB. Thanks, Mike.”

CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN - Bombshells


“Hello, Joshua, it’s Sheryl Smalley, from WKSO in Somerset. Mercy, what in the world is in this NIL stuff? Both Jermaine and I have been going non-stop since Saturday.”
“Glad to hear it. I thought you might get some benefit from it.”
“Are you kidding? People around the station are asking what has got into us, so we showed them. Now they are wanting some. But that is not why I’m calling. Do you have a moment?”
“Shoot.”
“My station manager, Eva Mercer, would like to conduct an interview with you. Do you think you could come to the station for that? It’s a thirty minute segment, and she has already done some preliminary background, like following up with Mel Kenyon and some of the others that emailed us.”
“Sheryl, I appreciate the offer, but right now I am up to my neck making more NIL. I guess you know the flu has hit this area, as well as many others. I can’t get away right now.”
“Would it be an imposition if we did the filming in your barn? Do you still have a houseful, check that, barn full of guests?”
“When would this happen? And no, my guests are gone.” He wasn’t about to tell her the two Mehra women were still here. 
“Today. That little coffee area you have would be a perfect setting, better than what we have here actually. We could be there, oh, let’s say by three o’clock. It would take a half hour to set up, another few minutes to prep you with the line of conversation, then a half hour of shooting. The reason she asked me to rush this is because of the flu. We want to run our show tonight in opposition to 20-20’s coverage of the flu outbreak. What do you think?”
“I suppose it will be alright.”
“Perfect. We will see you at three.”

+ + + + + 

“Autry, how is it going as far as getting testimonial feedback? Have your received any yet?”
“As a matter of fact, yeah, two have come in. The Peterson woman wrote in, and so did the Tompkins lady. Good stuff, too. I guess Janie is tellin’ ‘em at the store to email me. Hasn’t been that long ago I asked her to do it.”
“Could you forward those two to the email address of the WKSO station? Do you have that?”
“I don’t think so, Joshua.”
Joshua read the address to Autry. “The station manager and crew are coming down this way later on today to do an interview that supposedly will be aired tonight? I thought the testimonials that you have might be useful to them.”
“Well, these two sure wouldn’t hurt none. They’s both right positive. But listen Joshua, you are gonna skin me alive. I let Tracy go.”
“I thought you might. I know about the State Troopers hunting for her from Jack Meadors. Patricia Reid also told me the National Security Agency has their hands in it too. Where is Tracy now?”
“I dumped her off at the Tennessee state line. Some trucker picked her up an’ that’s all I know. Hey, speakin’ of Patricia Reid, I guess she went to bat for ya. The Park’s people are bringin’ the gate down there an’ even gonna set it up. She called me a few minutes ago an’ told me that. Took her all of ten seconds, an’ bam, she was gone. She sure does fly high, don’t she? She called me ‘stead of you cause she told me to git Tracy outta here. Told her I already done so. Then she told me to tell you about the gate, then she hung up.”
“Terrific, about the gate. When? Did she tell you that?”
“No, she didn’t. Hey, it’s the government. I wouldn’t count on it right away. So you say you might be on TV tonight, huh? Dang. Hey, ‘nother thing you be needin’ to know. I locked Tracy up because she stole some perfume from Martin’s. I got Gizelle in on that, so she and Janie are both cool. But you need to be squarin’ that with Namanda, cause she’s the one that turned her in. You follow me?”
“Glad you told me that. Do you think you are going to get in some trouble?”
“Who knows? I think I got my bases covered, I just don’t know, Joshua. What did you do with the Mehras, anyways?”
“Working a plan. It might work, it might not. That’s all I’m going to say. The less people know, the less culpable they are. I hope you understand I’m trying to protect you and others.”
“I git it. Me knowin’ wouldn’t help matters no how. Looks like another email is comin’ in. I’ll talk with ya later on, after you’re the big movie star. And I’ll send these emails out now.”

+ + + + +

Joshua had expected both Shreya and Namanda to display a sullenness due to Amit embarking, alone, on his daring mission. Quite to the contrary, Shreya, to Joshua’s delight, shed the demure, wallflower personae and burst into a jovial, pert, chatterbox. As the three sat in the lounge, Shreya spoke incessantly, and many of her diatribes caused both she and Namanda to burst into laughter.
Joshua noticed that both had the telltale shine on their faces of the whitening cream. They giggled, and acted like sisters reunited after a long-running privation. Joshua surmised that their raucousness was a result of the unshackling of the repressing taboos so prevalent in Indian custom. Interestingly, they were acting like Americans, only happier, he thought. Then it dawned on him. The two cheery females had been in the cottage for more than an hour. They had found the peyote, he deduced.
Shreya spoke of many of the Indian mores that were so divergent from Western culture. She spoke of the Indian interpretation of sex. Nudity is not sex. Gyrations of the body, pelvic thrusts, or any sexual innuendo is not considered taboo. Newspapers in India display nudity without a kernel of shame. However, the portrayals cannot be displayed, or performed, in mixed company. That is punishable by law.
She spoke of the role of women, the poor people, the Christians, in the highly structuralized Indian caste system. Over the ages, strong walls of distrust, and suspicion of one another had been built. An outcome was that people sought to take advantage of one another whenever a situation presented itself. Shreya mentioned that Tracy’s plot to extort the establishment is a regular occurrence in India. Selling information is as common as rain in the summer. ‘Don’t tell; sell’, is a graphic understood by most. She constructed an example by telling the story of a haberdashery that was pawning off cheap imitations as the real, authentic merchandise. If a person were to come into that knowledge, he or she would seek to sell the information to the proper authorities. 
Such was the garrulous, rat-a-tat gabbing that Shreya was so charmingly exhibiting. Then, she dropped a nuclear bombshell that rocked Joshua to the center of his being.
She placed her hand over his, and said, with a sparkle in her eye, “You may have my daughter!”
“Namanda screamed, “MAMMAJI! In horror she bolted from her chair and sought to run and hide. On second thought, she pirouetted, reseated herself, place her arms on the table, with her chin inches from the surface, awaiting his reply with bated breath.
Joshua nearly fell off his chair. He opened his eyes widely and pushed away from the table by leaning backwards while still seated. He studied Shreya for a moment, trying to ascertain the meaning of the word ‘have’. It became obvious she meant it in any and every conceivable way. He absolutely did not know how to respond.
Shreya partially rescued the situation. “But not until she reaches the age of eighteen years. If something should happen to me and Amit, you must promise to keep her pure until that age. Is it a deal?”
Though still stuck in speechlessness, Joshua stumbled into a reply. “I understand”, he said with repeated pauses, “that in your culture there are arranged marriages, and the youthful ages of brides in India is well known. That is uncustomary in this country. I will promise to you that I will never be abusive to your daughter, no matter her age. I am extremely embarrassed and would like to change the subject, but I will add this. I love her as a person, not as a lover. I hope you understand. I am nearing middle age; Namanda is barely a teen. She needs not to be robbed of her youth.”
Judging by the ensuing silence, his answer was either unsatisfactory or not understood. Both females were waiting for more, but when it became apparent he was done, they both resumed an upright seated position.
Joshua regretted having to answer in the way he did. Namanda’s life had been characterized by rejection upon rejection. He realized his answer was a boulder of dismissal that could permanently scar this precious young girl. He amended his approach.
“In time, when I think the right moment has arrived, I will consider asking her to be my wife, for she is a very beautiful human being, inside and out.” He waited for a clue as to how that distant proposal was received. He was relieved to see them both smile. Frivolity resumed.
When Joshua mentioned that he thought the both of them seemed to be paler in complexion, they looked at each other, then burst out laughing. 
Namanda knew that he knew that she knew, like the unending succession of mirrored images, whenever their eyes met. Neither Joshua nor Namanda were haunted by the mutual intuition, for it was an unearthly circumstance that no two others could know, or share. He knew that she knew that he loved her, and vice versa. He knew she had the correct perception of reality, even if her mother didn’t. 

 Their eyes met. Namanda’s countenance took on that of Joshua’s. It was horrified shock.
“Quickly, you must hide, like I showed you, in the basement. Pull the empty boxes closed so that you are hidden from view. Quickly.”
Joshua cleared the table of the sake cups that still were half full. He straightened the chairs, looked around, then opened the front door slightly. As he suspected, the approaching visitor was the Kentucky State Police.


PART THREE


NO INNER LIMIT

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT – “Whew”

Joshua rushed into the workroom to make sure there was no telltale evidence. He noticed that he had left his cell phone on the counter, and it was blinking.
A text was sent by Adele, reading……. ‘They just showed Tracy’s and Namanda’s pictures on the local television. Where are you’? The text was sent nearly an hour ago. He quickly erased it.
Joshua walked half way down the basement steps. The Ball jar boxes were pulled shut, fully enclosing the ladies. He could not hear them breathing or shuffling around. Loud knocking at the front door.
One squad car, all black, a single yellow stripe from headlight to tail light. Two cops, grey uniforms, flat brimmed Mountie type hats. When Joshua opened the door, they did not offer a handshake. One, whose name badge read Hartley, carried a manila folder. The other cop was named Rodgers.
“How can I help you?” Joshua was calm, but apprehensive.
“May we step inside?” Hartley, apparently the senior rank, asked.
“Certainly.” Joshua led them, but they both took only two steps before the astonishment halted their progress.
“What in the world is this?” Hartley again.
“It’s my workshop. I make a health drink from what you see in here. It’s called NIL, if you’ve heard of it. Would you like to sit down?”
“That shouldn’t be necessary,” Hartley said while Rodgers took the liberty of inspecting the various plants.
“Anything in here illegal?” Rodgers said from the far left side, near the aqua station.
“No sir. It’s all legal.” Joshua thought that was a stupid question. No wonder the guy was outranked. 
Hartley spoke again. “Do you know a Gladys Simmons?”
“No, I don’t think I’ve ever heard that name, let alone know her.”
“I see.” Hartley opened the manila folder. He produced an eight by eleven glossy photo. It was a picture of Tracy Dobbelaere. “Have you ever seen this woman?”
“Yes sir, I have.”
“Tell me about it.”
“She was in town Saturday, coming here from Florida. She was a chaperone to a teenage girl. They both were right here in the barn Saturday evening.”
“Do you mean this girl?” Hartley showed a picture of Namanda, only she was quite a bit younger in the photo.
“Yes sir, that’s the teenager.”
“What were they doing here?” Hartley asked. Rodgers had disappeared into the workroom.
“The teenager is autistic, and had heard about my product. She thought it could help her. She took some of the NIL with her. Would you like to see what I mean?”
“Let me ask the questions. Your name is Joshua, right?”
“Yes sir.”
“Where are these two individuals now?”
“Oh, well, they split up. I mean, I think the blonde lady is headed back to India. The teenage girl, well, her parents were here also. They left too, and I’m not real sure, but I think they are driving out west somewhere.”
“Care if I take a look around?”
“No, I don’t mind.”
Rodgers, from somewhere out of sight, yelled…… “Hey Jim, come take a look at this!”
Hartley joined Rodgers at the back door. There were three deer in the valley, all staring up at the troopers. 
“How big is this place? Isn’t this an old Park Service property?”
“Yes sir. It’s right at three hundred acres. Goes all the way to the Cumberland River that wraps around those hillsides. This building was the equipment barn for the Park Service at one time. And the adjacent building was one of the Ranger’s dwelling.”
“We’ll need to take a look at that directly. What’s down these steps?” The three had re-entered the workroom.
“Storage. It’s where I keep the containers for the NIL.”
Rodgers took a few steps down the stairwell aiming his flashlight at the basement contents.
“What’s up there?” Hartley pointed toward the loft.
“It’s where I sleep, and read. I store some things there too.”
Hartley climbed the vertical ladder and peeked into the loft, shining his flashlight from right to left.
“Let’s go take a look next door.” Hartley and Rodgers had regrouped.
“Is this where you live?” Joshua had led them into the cottage.
“I hardly am ever in here. Once in a while I’ll sleep in here if it gets too hot or cold in the loft.” Joshua noticed the whitening cream on the bathroom sink, and the shaker marked with a ‘P’ on the kitchen counter.
Rodgers inspected the bedroom. Joshua could hear him open the closet door. Hartley looked in the kitchen sink, probably looking for lipstick on a glass.
“Why are you dressed like that? You a Jesus freak?” Hartley did most of the talking.
Joshua pulled up his sleeves and showed the burn marks. “I have to wear loose fitting garments. I was burned pretty badly in a forest fire out in Arizona.”
“So you are hardly ever in here, is that right?”
Joshua noticed the wet washrag in the bath, and knew Hartley had too. “I was in here earlier to use some cream on my burns. I don’t come in here much.”
“Let’s go back inside the barn. Maybe we will sit a spell.”
The three sat in the Arabica lounge. Hartley said, “Show us this NIL stuff.”
Joshua excused himself and went in to the workroom. He listened for any noise coming from down below. There was none. He returned with a full Ball jar.
“Open it, please.”
Hartley stuck his index finger inside the opened jar, wetted it, then stuck it to his tongue. Joshua knew why he did it. Moonshine is prevalent in this part of the country.
“What’s this stuff supposed to do?”
“It improves memory, mental clarity, gives energy, and is beneficial to most every organ inside the body. It fights disease and tumors too.”
“I’ll need to take this jar with me to have it tested.”
“Of course, be my guest. Make sure you don’t pour it out. It is really good for you. We are using it to fight the avian flu outbreak in Somerset. In fact, the television station up there is on their way here to get a story about it.”
“So let me get this straight. The blonde woman was here together with the teenage girl. And that was on Saturday. Right?”
“Yes, that is correct.”
“When did they leave?”
“Sunday morning. I took the teenager to church, then they left.”
“The blonde is headed back to India, and the others are headed out west. Right?”
“Yes sir.”
“And the reason they were here is because of this stuff. You didn’t know them beforehand?”
“That is correct.”
“Will any of them be coming back here for more of this stuff?”
“No. I sent them off with a year’s supply.”
“How much does it cost?”
“It is free, sir.” Hartley and Rodgers made eye contact.
“Free?”
“Yes sir, for the time being. I’ve given out well over three hundred jars so far, at no charge.”
“Why?”
“It’s a ministry of mine, you could say. I want to see America restored to health and hope.”
“Are you planning on going anywhere in the next few days?”
“No sir. I’ll be right here. Can you answer a question I have?”
“What’s that?”
“Who is Gladys Simmons?”
“We showed these pictures down at the Kroger store. She was the one who sent us up here.”
“I see.”
“OK, we’ll be going, but don’t be surprised if you see us back up here.”
“I hope I have helped you in whatever it is you are doing.”

Joshua watched the troopers leave. He overheard Rodgers say “Now there was a Jesus freak if there ever was one”. Joshua stayed at the front door, making sure the policemen did not double back. Satisfied the police car had reached the paved road below, he called for the stowaways to come out of hiding. He needed to transfer them to the cottage since it was now going on three o’clock. It was imperative they not be noticed by the television people. The ladies each carried an armful of their belongings as they scurried from the barn to the cottage.

“So what do ya think, Jim? Think he was shooting straight with us?” Rodgers asked.
“Maybe, maybe not. The church deal on Sunday jives with the old lady’s story. Three hundred acres, that’s a big place, lots of places to get lost. We’ll keep an eye on it just to make sure.”
“We shoulda gotten more of this, seein’ how it is free.” Rodgers examined the jar of NIL.
“Pop the lid on that and let me have a swig. If the stuff works like the freak says it does, we’ll be goin’ back for more of this, if nothing else.” Hartley gulped two huge swallows, then handed the jar back to Rodgers, who did the same.
“Look Jim. There’s the TV people headed up his way. So he wasn’t lying about that, was he?”
“Maybe he’s legit. We’ll do some more checking up on him.” 

CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE – WKSO TV

“Hello Joshua, my name is Eva Mercer. I’m the station manager at WKSO. I’ve heard some great things about you and your miracle drink. I can’t stop Sheryl or Jermaine from going full speed ahead. Oh my, I feel like I’m in a wall enclosed forest. And I love the fragrance in here!”
“It’s my pleasure to meet you. I smell the peppermint more than anything else. It depends on the weather, which fragrance dominates.”
“Well, Sheryl told me I’d be coming to meet Jesus.” Eva laughed while looking Joshua over head to toe. “Frankly, I was intrigued and hoped I’d find you dressed as she described you. I think it will make for interesting television.”
Eva was smartly dressed…..navy blue suit…..ample gold jewelry. Nice looking, actually. Auburn hair, well kept. One of those roundish, China doll faces that belied her age, which Joshua guessed to be early forties. Her crisp diction suggested she was from the upper Midwest…..Michigan, maybe. 
Sheryl and Jermaine both presented a wide, toothy grin to Joshua as they busied themselves setting up the two lighting stations. Jermaine’s sparkling smile lit up the room, and was accompanied by a thumb’s up.
“So Miss Eva, what will we be talking about?” Joshua led her to the lounge.
“Here’s a list of topics. We may get to all of them, but I doubt it. I like to expand on the conversation when it seems pointed in a stimulating direction. We will definitely cover your background; briefly touch on your Peace Corps experience; and how you wound up here in this barn. We will touch on why you present yourself the way you do, but most of all, I will let you take some time to explain the NIL. We’ll bring up the avian flu and I may hammer you on that, since it’s a hot topic which all the major networks are thumping.”
“It’s a half hour show, isn’t it?”
“Yes, but the interview will take longer. We will cut and splice some of it to make it fit. Then again, we may keep it together and think about a two part presentation. Keep in mind that there will be other time consuming insertions, like an update from Mel Kenyon. We have some rather upbeat emails from some of the NIL users. We may scroll those while I’m talking with you. I will not fail to mention that the isolation patient, the first one in Somerset with the avian flu, has fully recovered and attributes his recovery to the NIL. I may lead with that, its call setting the hook. By the way, we need two of your jars of NIL set up here on the table.”
“Sure, just give me a moment. I’ll be right back.” Joshua did as instructed. The way Eva described the intent of the interview, it seemed innocuous enough.
“Jermaine, how’s it framing?”
“Good to go, Miss Eva. Ready when you are. Three……two……one.”

EVA: Good evening. It’s Eva Mercer again, bringing you another interesting story in our Somerset Sentinel Series. Tonight we will be talking with a most intriguing individual and the product he makes that has us all buzzing, especially during this time of concern over the avian flu that has crept into our midst. Before I proceed, folks, I want you to know that the first case of avian flu in Somerset is now history. The patient is doing fine and was released from the hospital, and the patient credits his recovery to this. (She held up a jar of NIL). I want to introduce you to Joshua Meadors, the producer of this product that is called NIL. Good evening, Joshua.
JOSHUA: (camera pans to Joshua for a close up) Good evening.
EVA: Joshua, would you mind standing. I’d like our viewers to get a good look at you.”
Joshua stood and smiled while Jermaine panned the camera.
EVA: (laughing) Remind you of any one? Thank you Joshua. So, let’s get this out of the way first thing. Why do you dress the way you do?
JOSHUA: (close up of Joshua’s face, then panned out) I was burned years ago in a forest fire. For comfort, I wear loose fitting clothes. Since I don’t venture out much, I haven’t bothered to groom myself and the beard does cover some of the scars.
EVA: So you don’t hold yourself out to be a messiah or religious fanatic?
JOSHUA: Not at all. But I am a believer in an Almighty God.
EVA: OK, moving on. You were raised on an Indian reservation, weren’t you?
JOSHUA: Yes, an Apache reservation in Arizona. That’s where I was burned in the fire. I lived there for a little over eleven years, from age three to almost fifteen.
EVA: And that’s where you first became interested in the things of the earth that were healthy.
JOSHUA: Yes. 
EVA: You left there, attended Purdue University, graduated, and then did a stint in the Peace Corps?
JOSHUA: I did. I was fortunate to learn of Eastern cultures in Okinawa and then spent three years in Africa. After that was over I returned to the reservation for a little while.
EVA: And that is where you started experimenting with growing things that eventually led to this. (Eva held up a jar of the NIL. Jermaine zoomed in for a tight shot) 
JOSHUA: That’s true. That began approximately five years ago. There is a plant growing facility there that is similar to this one.
EVA: OK, I am going to ask you one more question, then let you talk straight to our viewing audience. My question deals with your own abnormalities in your adolescent years, health wise, and how you overcame them.
JOSHUA: I suffered lacerations in my cranial cavity at a very early age. I was just three years old when it happened. I fell down some stairs. As a result, I had short circuiting occurring in my brain. That led to both good and bad things. The good thing was that I was able to learn at a very fast pace. The bad thing was that I couldn’t communicate what I had learned to anyone. In fact, I couldn’t even think clearly to myself. The injury also caused what is called mental telepathy, and……
EVA: Wait. I didn’t know about that. Explain that, if you will. Would it be possible to get a demonstration of that?
JOSHUA: Think of something, anything, and I will try to get a reading on it.
EVA: OK. Ready.
JOSHUA: First, are you married?
EVA: Yes, I am.
JOSHUA: Then I suggest you think of something else. (Jermaine and Sheryl laughed in the background). OK, you are thinking of the Harley Davidson your dad brought home when you were six years old.
EVA: (raised voice) Joshua! How could you have known that? That is amazing! (she looked at Sheryl) Did you know he could do that?
JOSHUA: Believe me, you wouldn’t want that ability for yourself. It intimidates people once they know I have ‘the third eye’. (hands formed quotation marks) It’s the real reason I don’t venture out much.
EVA: Whew. I am flabbergasted. (Eva patted her chest with one hand, fanned her face with the other) I can see that people would have to be careful with what they were thinking around you.
JOSHUA: Exactly. In actuality, it is a curse.

Eva motioned for Jermaine to stop filming.
“Let me take a minute to compose myself. I hadn’t been filled in about your telepathic ability. I don’t know if we should run with that or leave it out. My God, Joshua, so you knew what I was thinking before dad’s motorcycle? I am embarrassed.”
“Don’t worry about it. Most people think about my blue eyes, too, and I won’t mention what else you thought.”
Jermaine and Sheryl laughed again. 
“OK, look. Let’s shelve the telepathy part because we want to focus on the flu and your product. I just can’t get over it. We’ll do another show on just that topic if you want to. My God.”
“I’d rather not. Let’s continue on, and I apologize if I embarrassed you. Jermaine, don’t get any wild ideas. She was thinking good, wholesome thoughts.” Jermaine showed his toothy grin again while shaking his head side to side.
“Let’s pick it back up where you mentioned you didn’t understand your own thoughts.”

JOSHUA: In between leaving the reservation and attending Purdue I wound up in Lexington, and that is where, at UK, with the help of friends there, I was able to overcome my disability to communicate.
Eva again asked Jermaine to stop filming. “Sheryl, make a note that we will run the Kenyon piece right about in here. OK, Jermaine, roll.
EVA: And that is when and where you met Mel Kenyon?
JOSHUA: It is.
EVA: Mr. Kenyon sent us a cell phone video, a selfie you might say, earlier today. If you will remember, we aired his story some four weeks ago. Here is what he had to say today. (She immediately turned back to Joshua, explaining that the Kenyon piece would splice in at this juncture.)
EVA: Let’s talk about NIL. Everyone in Somerset is starting to hear about it.
She asked Jermaine to stop again. “Jermaine, shoot a walk-around and capture the different plants. We’ll have a voice over conversation during the shoot. Wait, check that. Joshua, would you mind walking in front of Jermaine, slowly, and give a commentary on the plants. You’ll have to walk crab-like so we can get a good audio. I’ll walk out in front of you because I want to see the ingredients too. Can you accomplish that in under two minutes?”
“Sure.” Joshua rose and started walking, Jermaine following close behind. Joshua mentioned all twenty-four plants while pacing the barn interior, then Eva and he reconvened at the lounge table.
EVA: Why those particular plant varieties?
JOSHUA: I want to focus on the entire human body, not just a part of it. Some of the plants, like the beets, and flax seeds, for instance, target brain function. Others supply energy. Some support the development of natural killer cells. Those help retard and attack tumor development, and induce apoptosis, which condition leads to the destruction of viruses, such as the avian flu virus. Some of the plants have qualities that benefit the central nervous system. Some of them create a relaxed feeling even though energy levels are heightened. All together there should be a symbiotic combination that benefits just about every organ inside the skin, especially the brain. As to the flu, and the flu virus, a healthy immune system with proficient chemical cellular communication should defeat it. The virus requires entry into cells in order to feed and proliferate. If the strains can’t gain entrance, they die within twenty-four hours. So, the NIL isn’t necessarily designed to defeat any one particular thing. My hope is that is can defeat just about everything. So far we’ve had some successes and thankfully we’ve heard of no failures, meaning no harmful side effects or inefficacies. And it can be used safely alongside prescription drugs, I think, because there have been no reported harmful interactions so far.
EVA: It almost sounds too good to be true. Folks, we’re scrolling some emails we’ve received at the bottom of the screen so you can see what the NIL users are saying. I want to reiterate the one case that will interest all of us. That is the man in isolation at Lake Cumberland Hospital. He was the first diagnosed with the avian flu, and he was released today, just before we left the station. He had the NIL in his room during the hospitalization, and he credits it for his quick recovery. I know I’m repeating myself, but it is vitally important for us in Somerset to know that the flu can be beat. So take heart, Pulaski County.
JOSHUA: His recovery doesn’t surprise me, and for his return to good health I am thankful, but I want to make something clear. I cannot, under any circumstances, warrant that any disease, sickness, condition, or any illness can be cured or that NIL should be considered a curative. It is my hope that health improvement could happen, not a guarantee or claim that it will happen. In all cases requiring medical attention professional advice and treatment should be sought. 
EVA: I think people realize you can’t make that claim without FDA approval. So where are you in the process? Are you ready to launch out into the world and become rich and famous?
JOSHUA: Miss Eva, my heart is with the youth of our country. I am gravely concerned about the significant increase in violence, especially among teenage boys. School shootings, mass killings, the murder of parents or siblings. It is escalating to the point that it has become an ominous trend. Personally, I don’t care about making one red cent, I just would like my product to be available to our young, and hopefully it will make an improvement in their mental health. If something like Sandy Hook could have been averted, that’s what I’m all about. If I had my choice in the matter, I would offer NIL for free, just as I have for the last three years. Again, talking about the young generation, Kentucky has the second lowest high school graduation rate in the country. I really do think NIL can be a partial answer because of its ability to help develop new neuron connections, and thereby creating the potential to improve learning capacity. Not only that, it hopefully would instill a willingness, the desire, to learn, and retain, and motivate. In answer to your question, I do not want to be rich, or famous. If the country becomes embroiled in an avian flu pandemic, I will do whatever I can to help the CDC and the medical community if they should call for my assistance. (Joshua faced the camera, then gave a plea) If someone watching this is feeling down and out, rejected, maybe from bullying, let’s say, and you know you harbor feelings of violence, of retaliation, welling up inside you, please contact this television station. I will make sure you receive as much NIL as you need, and I will pray that it will help you. You need to take the first step by placing the call. 
EVA: Do you really think NIL can help in such a situation?
JOSHUA: I certainly do. Just the energy building gets the ball rolling. You have to want to get up before you start walking. I’ve seen it work before, as in the case of Mel Kenyon and some others. 
EVA: Speaking of energy, I’m going to pull a fast one on you and our viewing audience. Sheryl, come sit between Joshua and me so that you’re facing the camera. I don’t mention the WKSO crew often enough during our broadcasts. Well now you will meet one of them, my faithful assistant, Sheryl Smalley. Hello Sheryl.
SHERYL: Hello. (She waved to the camera with an ebullient smile)
EVA: Tell all of us about your experience with the NIL.
SHERYL: Jermaine, that’s the cameraman shooting this, and I came up here Saturday and interviewed Joshua. He was kind enough to give each of us a sixteen ounce jar of NIL. I have to tell you, I have never felt this good, had this much get up and go, or had a clearer focus than these last two days of drinking it. It is truly remarkable. I am sold on it, big time. And so is Jermaine (Jermaine tipped the camera up and down so that viewers would register his agreement)
EVA: Thank you Sheryl. Stay seated with us. And now, I think it’s time we partook of NIL (Eva held up the jar) Joshua, would you do the honors?
JOSHUA: I’d be delighted. (He poured into three sake cups, and demonstrated the sniff, lick, and swallow routine)
EVA: (facing camera) I hope you’ve been as enlightened by this program as I have. You may call us at our toll free number below, or email us. The email address is shown below the telephone number. And you subscribers, watch for an email update as to when you can watch this program online. Let us hear from you. Many, many thanks to our special guest, Mr. Joshua Meadors. I am absolutely sure we haven’t heard the last of you, Joshua. (Eva held up her cup as if toasting to her audience) We will see you next time, on Somerset Sentinel. Good night, and cheers. (She tilted the cup to her lips, then Jermaine stopped rolling)

“You know, Joshua, there will be mixed reactions. Some will be negative about your appearance, some will not believe what you are promoting, and some will think it’s just another come on. So don’t be surprised if you receive feedback of that sort.”
“Of course, I would expect that. One thing though. I have no idea what the emails say that you will scroll during the interview. I hope they are positive.”
“You will not be disappointed, believe me. I can tell you this. I expect a tsunami of feedback the likes of which we’ve never seen before. So get ready, blue eyes. You’re going to be busy. By the way, do you have a way to watch the program, or a disc player?”
“I can run a disc in my laptop. I don’t have a television.”
“Mercy. Don’t run in to that often. OK, we can send you a disc, but if you can get to a TV, we will air this tonight at 7pm. We will also have it available to watch online, it just won’t be tonight. We will call you to tell you when that is available to watch. So we’ve got to bust out of here and do our editing and composition.” Eva rose, as did Sheryl, who lifted Joshua by the arm. When he stood erect, she hugged him and thanked him, then started scurrying around collecting the equipment.
“Here, Miss Eva. Make sure you and your husband take full advantage of this.” Joshua handed her an unopened jar of NIL.

After watching the TV vehicles begin the descent down the mountain, Joshua cracked open the door of the cottage. “Are you decent?”
The reply was immediate. “NO.”
“Remember to peak out the window and see if the coast is clear before you come over. He smiled, shut the door, knowing that both where immersing themselves in full body whitening cream. He punched in Autry’s number while walking to the barn.

CHAPTER THIRTY – Repercussions, romance, regrets

“There are a couple of things I need to tell you, Autry. First, the State Police were here, asking a lot of questions, searching, finding nothing. Second, the television interview just concluded, here at my place. It went fairly well and will be shown tonight on the Public Broadcasting channel. Seven pm.”
“Git out a town. So ya done good, huh? Me and the Mrs. will be sure to watch it. But listen up, the badges were here too. Probably asked the same questions you got asked. I told ‘em Tracy was headed south in Tennessee and that I had no reckon of what happened to the Mehras. I might be in the clear, but I figure we ain’t quite done yet with ‘em.”
“You’re probably right about that. What you and I told them seems to match up fairly well. Autry, can you tape the TV program? I would like to have the girls watch it later on, but I hesitate to drive down to your house in daylight with them aboard.”
“It’ll be dark around 8:45. Come on down, we’ll leave a light on for ya.”

+ + + + + + + + + + 

Darryl Hicks’ scraggly beard would be a perfectly suitable home for a family of wrens. The equally disgusting unwashed hair snaking out in haphazard strands from under his oily John Deere cap, the smell of ten thousand spent cigarettes, and the missing front tooth did little to enrich Tracy’s new found freedom. Her liberty was to be short-lived. The big rig driver pulled into a rest area some twenty miles north of Knoxville.
“This is as far as ya go, little honey. Theys a weigh station just ahead and I can’t take no chance a your weight makin’ ‘em pull me aside. Sides, I seen ya bend down when we passed that cop. You on da run, ain’tcha? I seen it plenty a times. Out ya go, blondie.”
Tracy begrudgingly climbed down out of the rig, grabbed her luggage, surveyed her surroundings, felt hopeless, and lost. She checked her cash supply….one hundred-eighty American. She had to make it last. She asked two different travelers for a lift to the Knoxville airport, citing that her car was broken down a few miles back, but to no avail. Finally, exasperated, and not feeling all that well, she called for a cab. It was going to be expensive. She would have to use her credit card, and that was very traceable. Desperate people do desperate things. So be it, she thought.

+ + + + + + + + + +


“Adele, I’ve had an interesting day. The State Police have been here, and the television interview that we did an hour ago will be shown tonight at seven. How is your day going?”
“Yeah, you’ve had a day alright. I hope to hell you got the Mehras out of there. Tell me about that first, then we’ll talk about your stardom.”
“Amit is carrying out the plan he and I finally agreed upon. I haven’t heard from him yet, but he should be in St. Louis by now. He took the car Jack provided.”
“Good, I guess. That car bothers me a little. So the cops didn’t put you in shackles, so do you think you’re in the clear?” Her tone was stale, disinterested. Maybe she just awoke from a nap.
“Your guess is as good as mine, but so far, so good.”
“How did the interview go? Are you gonna make me proud?”
“Call me after you watch it. I think it went ok. The station manager that interviewed me didn’t pull any fast ones.”
“Two things, bucko. First, there’s a case of the dad-gummed avian flu up here in Lexington. This second one ought to turn you around. Ever heard of Yum Brands?”
“That is the food business, right? Like Taco Bell, Kentucky Fried Chicken, maybe others.”
“Yeah, and you can add Pizza Hut. Yum owns them all, nearly forty thousand restaurants worldwide. And they just sold off Long John Silvers, so they’ve got some cash on hand. Do you recall Patricia saying she knew of a man who could write a big check, but she needed to get her arms around what we are doing?”
“I do remember her saying that. What’s up?”
“China is the fastest growing and most profitable location for the Yum stores. There are 3,200 KFC stores there, with a new store being added every eighteen hours. Chicken. China. Can you make a connection with what’s going on with the flu virus?”
“Yum is worried their customers will stop eating birds, is that where you’re heading?”
“Bingo. Not only worried. Their year over year numbers were down thirteen percent in China. That’s a huge number…….over a billion in lost revenue. Patricia talked with the man, the check writing man, who is the big shot at Yum. You know, they are based out of Louisville. The guy is nearly ready to write a check to start a brand new division featuring none other than NIL57. Pat says the guy is extremely interested. He even suggested a funded first right of refusal agreement that would include a non-refundable deposit. Plus she’s meeting with a UK trustee this evening. Could be some major interest from one or the other. What do you think about that?”
“All that out of this tiny, secluded forest.”
“Have you heard from Van?”
“Not yet. I may call him later. Autry tells me the Park Service is putting a gate up at our entrance, so I’ll have to get you a key for the padlock.”
“I’ll call you after I watch the show. I am not sure it will air here, but I’ll let you know.”
She hung up, of course, without saying goodbye.
He could hear it in her voice…..the flat tone…..no expression of mirth when Van’s jibe was mentioned. Something was different, as gossamer thin as spider’s silk, but it was there nonetheless.

+ + + + + + + + + +

The original cell phone, Joshua’s old one, buzzed inside the left pocket of his robe. Incoming text….Paul McNally…. ‘Package arrived, safe and sound. Good hearing from you’.


 NSA agent Rick Anglemeyer sat in his car, waiting. Another agent would be arriving soon. The parking lot of the East St. Louis Travel Lodge had deteriorated from the past winter’s snow and ice. Trash littered the area, papers and discarded items from people who didn’t give a damn blew in the twenty mile per hour gusts that signaled a storm was approaching. Rough area, high crime, floozy hangout, drug ridden, homicides, gang turf. He didn’t like being here. Anglemeyer had already talked with the motel clerk. Rakesh Singh was registered and in room 211, which room he could plainly see through his windshield. No sign of activity in the room, no lights turned on that he could tell. 
Jim Earnshaw pulled in next to the unmarked, yet unmistakably government, Ford Taurus. He quickly jumped inside the NSA agent’s vehicle. “Let’s get this over with before we get drenched.”
The two knocked on the room 211 door. No answer. Knocked harder, no answer again. Agent Earnshaw obtained a duplicate credit card type key from the clerk. The two agents entered the room. Unoccupied. No sign of Singh. They’d been duped.

+ + + + + + + + + +


Inside the barn workroom, Joshua laid out the three different colored stick-on labels on one of the benches. Yellow would be for expectant mothers. Blue the version that excluded the cactus flower but elevated hemp and kava. The red label would be saved on the premise. It would contain the limpet and peyote, and would be saved for those unfortunates suffering from cancers. He would enlist the drawing ability of Namanda to mark each of the labels accordingly. 
His cell phone rang. Incoming call on the old phone. Dr. Jamison Vance.
“Hello Joshua, how are things there?”
“Well, some things have changed a little, but not much is all that new. Adele and I were just talking about you, and I was going to call you before long. Did the NIL arrive?”
“It did, about four hours ago, and thank you. I would have called you then but I was waiting for the Woods Hole Oceanographic update on the radiation levels near shore. I just now obtained it and read through it. I’ll fax it to you, but the important part you will be pleased to hear is that the Becquerel levels in the near shore to southern California and the Baja are safe. Very safe, with less than one thousand Becquerel count per cubic meter. That’s under the threshold the EPA sets for safe drinking water. The cesium-134 show absolutely no increase, and only a very small fraction of increase in the level of the longer living cesium-137. There is debris starting to wash ashore, north of here, Alaska down to the Oregon coast. Debris from the tsunami just now making it to our continent. None of it is testing radioactive. Joshua, I think you are in good shape to keep using the limpet.”
“That is excellent news, Van. Best news I’ve heard today. Wonderful.”
“Will you need to use what I inherited from my brother?”
“I don’t think so, at this time, at least. Something else is working along those lines, but it may not be a permanent fix, so we will have to keep the lines open.”
“OK. Just let me know. I have already given out one jar of NIL to a family who has a son bedfast at home with the measles. We’ll see how it goes with him, and I’ll get back with you on that.”
“Please do. And please do send the fax to me. You have a great evening, Van. Good to hear from you.”

+ + + + + + + + + +
 
Namanda and Shreya were beautifully dressed, elegant actually. Namanda wore a long sleeved turquoise silk blouse, and pleated tan slacks. Shreya’s blouse, of silk, had a chartreuse background that floated medium blue lotus blossoms. They sat at the lounge table, having just finished the last round of NIL for the day. Joshua had given Namanda a felt marker to letter the yellow labels. He watched her craft her penmanship. Her skin, soft, glowing, the color of coffee overly creamed. Joshua had to admit, she was the most beautiful female he had ever seen, or probably ever would see. He fought back melancholia. It would be a hollow day when he would say goodbye to her, perhaps never to see her again. There was nothing for her here. She had the tools to scale important, and challenging heights; to become a significant someone, a game changer. He loved her. He woke himself from the saddening rumination.
“Amit has made it safely to the mission in St. Louis. Paul texted me that he is safe and sound.”
Namanda and Shreya high fived each other and giggled.
“We are going to go to Autry’s house to watch the television interview. We’ll leave when it starts to turn dark.”
Namanda smiled as did Shreya. They weren’t talking. There was no response from either. Both ladies were far away, yet so near, and the air was so thick with romantic currents that a machete wouldn’t slice through them. 
Joshua rose from the table, unable to stay in the setting. He was woefully inexperienced in this type of consuming emotion. Yes, there was Kitty, back at Purdue, the only female he had ever kissed romantically, but that was a half-life ago, and this time it was deeper. Gut stirring. He excused himself, telling them he wanted to shower and change, and then it would be time to leave.
In the cottage bathroom, he placed the flat of his hands on the sink. He wondered if Mary Magdalene was much older than Namanda. He shook his head at the pointlessness. 
The stressors of today were like a rotating carousel, with each passing scene lending to his uneasiness. Amit leaving, a stranger in this country with little command of the language. The Police were more than asking questions; they were searching, and suspicious. The television interview, though nontoxic, charged his nerves. Autry’s brush with the State cops bothered him. Avian flu virus reaching out with deadly tentacles. Adele’s bland undercurrent….the possibility of a sell-out. Then Namanda, and the futility of even thinking about it. Dark thoughts, an infrequent place to visit for him. He was reminded of a scripture…… ‘My peace I leave with you. Let not your heart be troubled, or be afraid’. That memory helped, yet the portent of an impending tragedy was inescapable.

+ + + + + + + + + +

The Tennessee State Trooper slowly cruised the rest stop. There, seated on a concrete bench next to the concessions, was a blonde woman, apparently by herself. He checked the photograph provided to him. No doubt, it was the Dobbelaere woman.
She held her breath as the cop approached on foot. She had that sinking feeling.
“You need to come with me, ma’am. I am going to save you some cab fare.”
“How did you know where to find me?”
“Credit card usage over the phone, ma’am. And the exact location the cabbie was to come pick you up and take you to Knoxville. That’s where we’ll be going, to the airport. So you see, it’s not a bad thing. Saved you some money.”
“Am I under arrest?”
“Not at all, ma’am. At least not with me you’re not. A U.S. Marshall that will be your airplane seat neighbor might have different ideas. I am just detaining you. It’s for your own safety.”
The cop loaded Tracy’s luggage into the trunk of the patrol car. He didn’t handcuff her.
“Where will I be going? I mean in the airplane?”
“That I don’t know, but the Marshall will tell you that information. There’s more good news, too. Your ticket is already paid for. You are getting a free ride.”

Ankur placed a call to Ashok Banerjee, the RAW operative in the middle Tennessee area. He instructed the op to hightail it to the Knoxville airport and await the arrival of the Dobbelaere woman. She would be arriving by Yellow Cab within the hour. If capture was unattainable, use lethal means to dispose of her. He suggested using a needle. Potassium chloride. Walk briskly by her, stab her in the neck. Disappear. Just don’t get caught. 

+ + + + + + + + + +

Namanda shrieked, then just about fell over laughing. She had not seen Joshua in blue jeans and a flannel shirt, all handsomely parked under a beige, floppy brimmed Panama.
Joshua smiled. The shower and change of venue had improved his somewhat flummoxed outlook. “OK, pilgrims. Let’s saddle up and ride.” Then it dawned on him that the John Wayne imitation, performed as poorly as it was, would not have registered with two Indian women even if it were Oscar worthy.

CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE - Aftermath

Autry’s house, secluded in the shade of towering deciduous trees and pines, was the typical long on breadth, short on depth ranch house that was so prevalent in Appalachia. The headlights of the old pickup shone on teal blue, shuttered windows that interrupted the monotony of deep brown cedar siding. The shutters signified that the people who lived inside cared. The flower boxes, red with begonias, indicated that the people inside cared frequently. A wooden placard hung on the solid core front door…… ‘Welcome to my dog house. I will send a two legged person to answer the door momentarily’. Then in an added home-made subscript, the signature of Raisin. Joshua got it…..Raisin Kane. True to his word, Autry had left the porch light on for them. Joshua rang the doorbell, which produced the sound of the ‘Charge’ melody blown by a century old cavalryman’s bugle. A dog inside barked, ready for the fight.
Annamarie, Autry’s better half, was not slim. The two hosts, standing side by side to greet their visitors, represented a quarter ton of good living. Autry took a step back when he saw Joshua dressed in humanity type clothing. “Oh, I see. Yur new stardom shot straight through yur neck up to the top a yur head.”
“Negative.” Joshua replied. “All four of my robes need washing, and I wanted to make myself presentable to your charming wife.”
“Unbelievable. Well ya’ll come on inside. The Mrs. has got some vittles rustled up for y’uns. Hope ya’ll like chicken wings?” Shreya looked at Namanda and shrugged her shoulders, which indicated, in order to be gracious guests, it would be ok to break the taboo of eating meat. After all, Amit was long gone.
“Don’t ya’ll look nice?” Annamarie sung more than talked, breaking the word nice into two syllables. She embraced her female guests and showed them through the tightly packed house while Autry and Joshua kibitzed. 
Autry lowered his voice into just above a whisper while the women were in another room. “Took me by surprise when ya said you was bringin’ them here. Thought you was gonna ditch them people.”
“We are working another plan. Amit is gone, and he insisted his family would not go with him, else he wouldn’t go. We’ll see how it works out.”
“The show turned out ta be might fine. Needed more a you and less a the blue gown. Seems to me she had her eye on you for more’n just talk.”
“She is a nice lady. I was able to read her plainly. She was showing enthusiasm. TV personalities know that a bored host results in loss of viewers real fast. If you saw anything, that’s what it was, at least at first. By the time she left, she was a believer. I gave her a jar of NIL, by the way.”

Joshua and Autry sat in mismatched armchairs in front of the TV. Behind them, at a kidney shaped table, the three women munched on the hot wings. Two of them dove into them like they were long deprived cave women.
The show progressed as Joshua had remembered it until the Mel Kenyon segment appeared. Mel’s spliced in video showed him at his carpeting store desk. 

“I am so thankful to now know the name of the person that rescued me more than three years ago. To you sir, I owe my life. I want you to know that I have been off the booze and drugs ever since the day I first took a drink of the liquid you gave to me. I am back with my wife, and we are as happy as the day we first married. It proves one thing to me. You see, I was so hopelessly immersed into the cesspool of self-doubt that I was just counting the days until my body gave out. Whatever you have in that mixture of yours, Joshua, changed all that. I thank God for you. In the words of Jim Valvano; ‘Do not give up, don’t every give up’. That’s what it proves. There is hope, and new life out there, even when it seems most dark.”

“Wow.” Namanda said through a mouthful.
The email crawls started to appear immediately after Mel’s kind words.

“I have lived in an abusive relationship for years. I thought of calling it quits. Then out of the blue NIL comes along. After three months of taking it, things are back to peaceful again. We don’t go a day without it.” Signature line; J.C.

“I am a registered nurse in a hospital. Two cancer patients, both youngsters, were each taking NIL along with chemotherapy, and both are in complete remission. I take the NIL too, and the energy it provides makes me feel like I’m floating on a cloud, and I’m getting more work done than ever before.” Signature withheld.

“My husband and I are up in years. We thought we were over the hill. This spring we put in a new garden, something we hadn’t done in five years. And that’s not all we started back doing. NIL works, pill don’t.” J.R.

“My daughter had Hodgkin’s lymphoma. She doesn’t anymore. I credit the NIL more than the drugs, but either way, praise God. We take the NIL every day without fail.” Signature withheld.

“I guess I was the first in Somerset that got the avian flu. I don’t have it now. Maybe it was the NIL I took, I don’t know, but I feel fine now and am back home.” C.M.

The presentation hesitated for a moment. Then Eva Mercer appeared, removed from the setting of the barn, and added, “Pay close attention to this next email we received before today’s interview was conducted. We saved this zinger without Joshua even knowing about it. Now, back to the show.”

“I am new to NIL. From what I’ve heard, and believe, I am putting my shoulder to the wheel and stoking the fire. I believe it can help improve our young people’s schoolwork and long term outlook. And you know education is where my heart is, not only for Kentucky, but for the whole of our great country.” Patricia Reid, Lieutenant Governor, Commonwealth of Kentucky.

While watching the presentation, Joshua’s cell had buzzed twice. The first was a text from Sheryl Smalley. “Two hours past air time, phones exploding. We must do sequel. Please call, confusion exists.”
The other was a missed call. Caller unknown.

Even though the Mehra women both wildly applauded at the show’s conclusion, Joshua, in retrospect, wished there was time allotted to say more than he did. If there was going to be a sequel, he’d speak his mind more openly. He realized he was guarded with his words, and also realized that there was a critical omission in the presentation. There was no mention of the price of the NIL, per jar, near the conclusion of the show. The only monetary value mentioned during the segment was ‘free’. There would be repercussions, Joshua knew. He immediately called Sheryl and explained that each jar would carry a retail price of twenty dollars, and for the television staff to alert callers of that. Sheryl responded that the price was going to upset some callers who clearly heard the NIL was being offered for free.
Autry gave Joshua the CD that contained the taped show. “I don’t need this. You may wanna look at it again. I was watchin’ you durin’ the show. Somethin’ botherin’ ya?”
Joshua hesitated to say anything in response, but then…… “I can’t put my finger on it, Autry. It seems like there is an ill wind headed our way.”
“Shore don’t seem like it to me. But you’re the one that can see through skin an’ bone.”
“Thanks for inviting us over. I needed to get out of the barn, and so did the girls.”
“Don’t mention it. Call me tomorrow, ya hear?”
Joshua and the Mehra women left, but not without a doggie bag littered with the remainder of the hot wings.

+ + + + + + + + + +


Trip. That was the third generation nickname given to Daniel David Demerit. The second generation nickname was Triple D, but that handle was too much effort to say for his gangsta buddies in L.A. Trip, much easier. For most of his seventeen years he was called Danny, and he hated that. He hated a lot of things, the second most of which was the annual visit to his grandmother’s house in the hill-jack backwoods of Kentucky. A full week of absolutely nothing that interested him, including his grandmother, who he called mawmaw. He hated the week in Kentucky more than he hated school. At least he quit school soon after beginning ninth grade. He would love to quit Kentucky, but it was court ordered that he stay with mawmaw while his absentee, strung out, no count mom did community service time back in Trip’s hood. Trip wanted to kill his mom, and had it all planned out when he got ratted out by his own dad. The dad was hated too, but dad provided a slummy roof over Trip’s head. L.A. thought it best that Trip get out of Dodge while mom was close by.
Mawmaw was actually better known around McCreary County as Beulah Moorehead. No one called her mawmaw other than the creepy, Goth looking, leather bound slime bucket that came around once a year. People made sure they crafted a way of avoiding the black lipped, spiked hair demon, and Beulah too, during the week long embodiment of terror in their midst. That was a shame, really. Beulah was an upright, God-fearing Baptist, and a long running stalwart of the 12:15 Sunday Pizza Hut clan. The kind folks of Whitley City avoided Trip like he carried the bubonic plague. Sadly, Beulah skipped church and Pizza Hut for the one Sunday during her grandson’s annual visit.
Anything to do with church, with God, was what Trip hated the absolute most. No holds barred…..that false institution, that archaic abomination was loathed more than anything else could possibly be. He hated mawmaw for hanging on to the revulsive superstitions of those that clung to the sweet by and by nonsense. You’re born; you die. That’s it. Nothing more, nothing less. Lame. At least America was waking up to the real truth by disallowing manger scenes, and God references in public buildings, and the like. He would do his part when the time was right. He wouldn’t shoot up a school. No, it would be a packed church house. His time would come. His Lords of Doom bros would help him get what he needed to get it done. Just a matter of time.
He stood behind Beulah’s overstuffed chair that had prehistoric doilies supporting her liver spotted arms, watching mawmaw lean forward to better idolize some overweight chick talk to some hippie throwback. “Oh, Danny, isn’t he wonderful? Would you look at him? He lives right here in our midst.” 
He could snap her neck in a nanosecond. It would be so easy. On TV, the hippie freak was making a plea to young, angry people, offering the typical televangelist deceit by holding up a moonshine jar. It was soooo Kentuckian. NIL, yeah, that’s about right, nothing, nil, nada. Mawmaw hung on his every word. Disgusted, Trip went to his room and clamped on his earphones. He was done for the night. Three more awful days and nights to go.
Beulah looked behind her chair. Danny must have gone to his room. She copied down the toll free number shown on her television, then stepped over to the wall phone and dialed the number. She was determined to help poor Danny get his life in better shape. She would get some of that NIL even if it killed her.

+ + + + + + + + + + 

After changing into more suitable work clothes, Joshua, Namanda, and Shreya busied themselves in the workroom. Joshua didn’t get much work done. His phone rang incessantly.
“You done good, kiddo.” Adele seemed in better spirits than earlier. “It was me that got Pat to put in her two cents. Pretty darn good show. And listen, it wasn’t even going to show here, but they pre-empted what they had planned at WLEX and ran your interview an hour later than in Somerset. That’s not all. Louisville and Cincinnati also picked it up and ran with it. Joshua, there was no mention of a price per jar on the show. Surely you don’t intend to keep giving it away?”
“That’s incredible. All I can say is, we don’t have enough product to branch out any further. I am trying to make more now but my old phone is buzzing right now as we speak. As far as the price, I have called the station and quoted them a price of twenty dollars per jar. I apologize for the omission, but the show concluded much faster than I realized it would.”
“Call me later. My phone is ringing too. Get to work.” Adele was gone in a flash.
Joshua answered the incoming call before it disappeared.
“Hello, is this Joshua Meadors?” Soft voice, southern, low pitched.
“It is, to whom am I speaking?”
“My name is Jackie Bingham. I work for the Center for Disease Control in Atlanta. Do you have a few minutes to talk?”
“Surely, how can I help you?”
“Earlier today an email was sent to us from your lieutenant governor up there in Kentucky. It eventually landed on my desk, and I’ve tried to call you before this, but got no answer.”
“I was probably driving. I don’t take calls when I’m behind the wheel.”
“Good for you. Seriously. The email indicates you’ve developed something that might help us out with a few issues we are currently facing. You may know, because all the major networks jumped on it tonight, that the avian flu is starting to rear its ugly head in a few states.”
“Yes, I know about it.”
“Do you think you’ve got something that can help us out?”
“I certainly do. We’ve already had testimony that it may have played a role in an avian flu recovery up here in Somerset, Kentucky.”
“I already know about that. Believe me, we are on the phone with everybody and anybody with flu like indications. You are talking about, let’s see here, Charlie Mayes. He was in isolation at Lake Cumberland Hospital, then released today. So, what is it that you have? Tell me about it.”
“How do I get an email sent directly to you? I will send you a file that will include what you will need to examine. Then call me back if you’re still interested.”
Jackie provided her private email. “I will do that. How soon can I expect it?”
“Ten minutes or less.”
“Fantastic. Thank you Joshua. I hope we have something to talk about a little later.”

+ + + + + + + + + +


The Yellow cab slowly inched along the departures lane of the Knoxville airport. The passenger, a female NSA agent wearing a blonde wig, instructed the driver to stop. “Solid green long sleeve shirt, tan pants, carrying a windbreaker over left arm. Directly in front of Frontier’s baggage check.” Two NSA field agents received the two-way radio message. They spotted the target, circled around to a vantage point directly behind him, then quickly approached and had the foreign agent cuffed in seconds. The jacket fell to the ground during the apprehension, and with it fell a hypodermic needle. Ashok Banerjee was caught.
One deck below, in the arrivals lane, the State Trooper stopped and surrendered his passenger to U.S. Marshall Dennis Schneider. “Let’s make this easy, ma’am,” Schneider said with a drawl, “hold my hand like we belong together and we’ll be nice and friendly. Otherwise, I restrain you and I won’t be nice for the next three hours. Surely you don’t want people gawking at you. So be nice, and don’t try to run. You won’t make it ten feet. Then you will be cuffed, and I will be angry with you.”
“Where are you taking me?” Tracy asked, too tired and upset to resist.
“Nice little ride up north. Baltimore, Maryland. Ever been there?”

+ + + + + + + + + + 

Jackie Bingham called back at approximately 10:30. “Joshua, I received your email and printed it out. I looked it over, and frankly, some of the items in your list are beyond my grasp of expertise. One thing I know for sure though; I know what lophophora williamsii is, and that would have to go bye-bye. We can’t utilize the entheogen that is in the peyote. Some of these other things, I’m going to have to have others take a look and advise me, so it will be morning before I can make further comment.”
“I am glad you caught the peyote. I’ve already taken it out of most of my production. I do save some containers that contain the peyote and have it on hand for people with cancers. The last two pages you printed out should contain some notes I added. Perhaps you didn’t make it that far when you perused it. I have replaced the peyote with hemp and a slight elevation in kava. I scribbled that as an addendum, and I apologize, my handwriting is not the best. Oh, and another thing that you won’t find in what I sent you. I have a third version on hand that is for expectant mothers or anyone who is taking a blood thinner. Had I known you would be calling I would have been better prepared.”
“I appreciate you sending it. Before we hang up, I need to ask you some questions. Is that ok with you?”
“Go right ahead.”
“I count twenty-four different ingredients. Do you use all of them in your product?”
“I do. You will notice that some are used very sparingly due to possible side effects. For instance, the passion flower, which should reduce anxiety, can cause liver damage if used in excess. The maca, goldenseal, rhodiola, and graviola all have the potential to do harm, but also can be heroic soldiers if used in low concentrations. The goldenseal, as well as some of the others, like the amla, should be an effective flu fighter. I would think there are enough quercetins in at least five of the items to combat flu viruses, as well as the common cold.”
“I see. How long have you been producing it, and what do you call it?”
“I call it NIL, which is short for no inner limit. I’ve been developing it now for going on five years, and parceling it out for the last three years.”
“Do you have a background in pharmacology or botany?”
“Neither, really. I did graduate from Purdue’s agricultural college. And I’ve been a self-taught student of the human body, and what the earth provides for it, ever since I was a kid.”
“Hmm. Do you have the legal paperwork put to bed?”
“That is underway. But to be honest, I don’t have any permitting. I have a very small operation and I don’t advertise or charge any money for the product.”
“So, you are just getting started? Is that what I am hearing you say?”
“You could say that, but Jackie, my intention was never to be involved with something like the CDC. My goal was, and is, to be a catalyst in bringing people back to stable mental and physical health, and to do it on a small scale. Very small actually, like one person at a time.”
“To be candid with you Joshua, I am perplexed. Why would the lieutenant governor of your state recommend to me a small startup situation like you are describing? Can you tell me why she did that?”
“I had no prior knowledge that she did. I’ve just met her once, and she is charging full steam ahead. I suppose it’s because of the victories we told her about.”
“As in?”
“So far, we’ve had successes in a wide range of issues, including alcohol addiction successes, tumor disappearances, domestic violence retardation, and host of other things. And now apparently a success with the avian flu.”
“OK, what about the negatives. Any failures or harmful side effects?”
“None so far. I don’t expect any.”
“How do I get my hands on your product?”
“I could overnight it to you, so you’d have it Wednesday.”
“I’ll get back to you in the morning. Don’t do anything yet. And thank you for your time.”
“Jackie, one more thing. There was a video made just today that I can upload, then email to you as a downloadable attachment. In it, you’ll see an email sent from a registered nurse. You may want to contact her for credibility reasons. Do you want me to send it?”
“Please do. That will help.”

CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO – Assembly Line

Sleep did not come easily for Joshua. He lay in his cot in the loft, listening to the whirring of the cellos, recollecting the events of the last few days. The past three days were more eventful than the sum total of his three years living on this property. He knew the day would come when he would need help in order to keep up with increasing demand. That day had come with the grace of a sledgehammer, and had not been what he had expected in his wildest dreams. If the CDC determined that the NIL was acceptable, he would have to ramp up production by more than tenfold. By himself, in the past, the most he had produced in one day was 120 jars, which also was the approximate number he had on hand and ready to go. Most of them contained the peyote and there was no undoing that. Though he much appreciated the efforts of Patricia Reid and her involvement and concerns that mostly aligned with his, her efforts had caused a maelstrom, a frenzied pace that would require a significant expansion of raw materials and manpower. Yum Brands, University of Kentucky, Center for Disease Control; all three a result of her intervention.  
His thoughts were interrupted by a creaking sound from below. He swung his legs off the cot to investigate, but then saw Namanda’s head rise just above the floorboards of the loft. She had climbed the vertical ladder just enough to gain a vantage point to see him.
“haHA.” She laughed and smiled.
“What are you doing up. It’s late. Come on up and sit by me. I want to show you something.”
Joshua opened the bottom drawer of a dilapidated dresser while Namanda camped on the cot. He turned on a small night light, then sat next to her. In his hand was an object that was bound in layers of clear wrapping material.
“I can’t unwrap this because the treasure I’m holding is encrusted with bat guano, which is unhealthy to handle or breathe. It’s from the cave, Namanda. At the cave floor, down by the pool of water, are dozens of Indian artifacts. This is one of them. It is a rain stick, exquisitely painted and hand carved.” He shook the package in the air. The sound of pellets, probably some type of seeds, rattled inside the cylindrical wooden item the size and shape of a relay runner’s baton. “Namanda, there are more of these down there, and there is pottery, some of it is still whole. There is Indian jewelry and what appears to be coins made out of polished rocks. It is my opinion that these items were hidden from either marauding tribes or the encroachment of the white man. I don’t believe the Park Service is aware that they are there, or else they would have been recovered and archived in some museum. Legally all the items would belong to the U.S. government, but in my mind, they belong to the surviving offspring of the ancestral tribe members.”
“What is a rain stick? What did they use if for?” Namanda shook it, then smiled. “It sounds like rain, doesn’t it?”
“They used it in times of drought. They thought it would summon the rain god by shaking it. This may be a Shawnee relic, and it probably is, but I haven’t shown it to anyone or told anyone about what I found in the cave. But I can tell you, the items are worth a small fortune. There is something else down there, too.”
“That sounds mysterious. What?”
“Jedidiah Fielding is still down there, at least I think it’s him. There is only a skeletal remain and the tattered shreds of the white man’s type of clothing. And this is very important, Namanda. I have been all the way to the cave floor, but getting back up is treacherous. I feel that Fielding lost his footing during the narrow climb and fell to his death. That could mean that someone else wrote Jedidiah’s name in the landing area. Since the name also bears a date, it may be a memorial, like a gravestone. So it’s important to scope out the best way to climb back out of the depths, and it is essential to have a lantern. The blackness in there is so disorienting that the brain plays tricks on you. You may think you are climbing, when in fact you are descending. I am telling you this, because if something should happen to me, someone needs to know about the riches below. I want you to be that someone.”
“Oh, Joshua. You honor me. You are the only person that truly understands me, and what it is like to be me. And I understand you. Why were we born so out of time for each other?”
“We are not born out of time for each other. We are sitting together, inches apart, and will always be able to remember what we’ve shared the last few days.”
“You know I love you, don’t you?” Namanda, whose supposed autism would suggest she would be looking away while asking such a personal question, looked him squarely in the eye.
“Yes, I know.” He reached out to her, and she fell into his arms. They embraced, quietly, for several moments. No words needed to be said.
Namanda asked while her head was tucked into Joshua’s shoulder, “Why were the people who lived here called Indians? I am an Indian, but not like them.”
Joshua smiled. “The person credited with first setting foot in this hemisphere, Christopher Columbus, assumed he had errantly sailed into India, because the people he found here were of the similar coloring and appearance as those in India. He therefore called them Indios. The name stuck.”
“What is going to happen Joshua?”
“That’s an excellent question. I know what I would like to happen. I’d like for you and your parents to stay right here for a while, and for the Mehra family to be freed from the controlling arms of your government and mine. I could use your help, and for now, I think you folks can use mine. But will that happen? I can’t answer that.”
“I want to stay. You know that.”
“You’re right. I do know that. Now it’s time to go back to bed. You and I need our sleep. Did you know that the NIL works best in our bodies while we’re sleeping?”
“Can I lay here on the floor and watch you go to sleep?”
“No, you may not. Off you go, young lady. Be careful getting down, hold on to the railing before you take a step. Hey, anyone ever call you Mandy?”
“No. Why?”
“Just checking. Go.”
“I came up here to see if you had a book to read. There’s nothing to read over there.”
“Here, take this one.” Joshua handed her ‘Gone with the Wind’, wondering if the book title offered a portent of the future.
“Thanks. See you in the morning.” Namanda trotted off into the night.

+ + + + + + + + + + 


Tracy was handed off to two NSA agents at the Thurgood Marshall, Baltimore airport. They did not cuff her, but voiced the same warnings as had the Marshall. She was in no shape to argue. She ached from head to toe.
The drive out of Baltimore was long, and silent. She didn’t ask questions, nor did the two burly men. Eventually the driver stopped at an unlikely place. She thought it would be a gigantic government building that they would escort her to. No, it was a rather mundane residence, what she knew the Americans called a row house. 
They led her inside but said nothing. They sat her on a couch in the cramped, narrow living space, while they sat in chairs across from her. Virtually nothing was said. Finally, she asked, “What is going to happen to me?”
“You’ll find out soon enough. Try to make yourself comfortable.”
Ten minutes later two more men appeared. The first two men left.
“I’m National Security agent Spielman, and this is agent McMurtry. We need to ask you some questions, then you can use the bedroom and bath. You will not be going anywhere until the morning. You are Tracy Dobbelaere. Am I correct?”
“Yes, that’s me.”
“You accompanied a family from India to the United States. Correct?”
“Yes.”
“The Mehra family; Amit, Shreya, and Namanda. Is that right?”
“That’s right.”
“Do you know their whereabouts now?”
“No. The last I knew Namanda was in a small town in Kentucky and her parents were in Florida?”
“Did you know that parties in the Indian government were searching for you here in the States? Not only you, but the Mehras as well?”
“Not really. That was speculated, but I didn’t know it to be fact.”
“So you wouldn’t have known that you and the two adult Mehras were to be eliminated, as in killed?”
“They wouldn’t do that. I don’t believe it.”
“And you don’t know that your boyfriend, Rahul Krishnan, was murdered in cold blood because of you?”
Tracy screamed. “NO. This is all a bad dream. That did not happen. I don’t believe you. How could you know that?”
“We have big ears everywhere. You are safe now, but the Mehras are not. If found, the father and mother will be killed and the child taken back to India. We have been searching for all of you and you can be thankful we found you first. The Mehras may not be so fortunate.”
“Oh, Rahul. I am so sorry. He was not my boyfriend, but he was a friend. Are you sure there hasn’t been a mistake?”
“I am afraid not, ma’am.”
To the agents, the woman looked frazzled, worn out, and displayed a genuine look of horror when told of Rahul’s death. Bent over, with her head in her hands, she asked, “What will happen to me?”
“You will fly to New York tomorrow. From there you will fly to London, and then on to Brussels. Your parents will be waiting for you at the Brussels airport. You will be accompanied to New York. Once on the oceanic flight, you will be on your own. If you want to continue running in London, that’s your business. I suggest you get your life back in order and go back home to mom and dad. Agent McMurtry will be staying out here on the couch, and your room will be locked from the outside. You are still not completely out of harm’s way, so do yourself a favor and don’t try to find a way out. Now go to bed and get some rest. You look like you need it.”
“I am not under arrest?”
“No. Nothing we could hold you on. This is America, not India. We treat people fairly. Good night, and good luck.” Spielman rose and was soon out the door. McMurtry also rose and locked the door Spielman had exited, then asked Tracy to enter the bedroom. He locked the bedroom door behind her. It wasn’t long before he heard her break down sobbing.

+ + + + + + + + + + 

Joshua’s cell phone rang at 6:45 am Tuesday morning. It was Jackie Bingham calling.
“Good morning, Joshua. Is this too early for you to speak with me?”
“Good morning to you, Jackie. No, I am already fixing up new batches without the peyote.”
“Where are you located exactly? I received authorization to get out in the field, so I want to visit two places up your way, and then stop by and meet you. Will you be there all day?”
“I’ll be here.”
“Good. I will be driving. I am going to stop in Cleveland, Tennessee and check on the avian flu situation there. Then later I want to visit the Somerset, Kentucky area. Is that close to you?”
“Right up the road less than fifteen miles away.”
“Super. I will leave here before too long. I have given the printouts of your ingredients to a technician who briefly took a look at it this morning. So far, so good. She understands that stuff better than I do.”
“Are you going to want to take some NIL back with you to Atlanta?”
“Maybe. I will know more about that when I’m en route. I’d say keep on making as much as you can. I have the feeling I’ll be taking a load back with me. I’ll call you when I’m close by to get a fix on how to find you. I watched the video you sent. Impressive, but it wasn’t enough to convince me, then something did. I was able to speak with Irene Ralston last night. She called me back after her shift was over at midnight. I’ll tell you that she had nothing but superlatives to say about you and the NIL. Really, her optimism and personal experience is what set the wheels in motion for my coming there. Okay, I’ve got to get going. It’s going to be a long day.”

Joshua hung up with Jackie, then knocked on the cottage door. He needed to implement an assembly line, and those two already knew the routine. He needed more hands. He called Autry and explained the situation, asking if he could borrow Annemarie and anyone else Autry could think of that wouldn’t blab the location of the Mehra women. Autry said he’d get to work on it.
By 10:00 am there were eight assembly line workers. Janie and Jeff Cook volunteered, Autry’s secretary Donna sent her two teenagers, and Annemarie brought a neighbor to help her. Joshua busied himself by filling the jars with the mineral water, capping them, and putting them in the shaker. Each worker, which included Namanda and Shreya, handled three drawers of materials before passing a jar to the next in line. Between the hours of 10:00 and 11:00, Joshua had filled nine cases full of NIL. Fifty-four jars in an hour, not bad.
At 11:00, Autry brought in three large pizzas from Papa Joes, along with his off duty deputy, Marcus Lapiere. Marcus stepped in to relieve those that took a break for pizza.
By noon, Joshua had moved twenty cases to the granite walkway that separated the gardens. One hundred and twenty jars ready to go, plus twelve more that contained no peyote that Joshua brought up from the basement.
There came a knock on the door at 12:30. It was the elderly pastor of the Baptist church, with his wife, and five teenagers from the youth group. “We heard what you are doing up here. Could you use some extra hands?” Pastor McMillan asked. 
By 1:00 pm, the community pitch-in had become a well-oiled machine, cranking out a completed NIL jar at the rate of one per forty-five seconds, which computed to thirteen cases in an hour’s time. Two hundred and ten NILs ready to go at one o’clock. 
It was ten minutes after 1:00 when Jackie Bingham called. “Joshua, I’m in Whitley City. How do I get to your place?”

CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE - Joy

Ankur’s office land line rang shortly after one pm. 
“Mr. Ankur, this is Colonel Baldev Ganesh, Assistant Director of the Research and Analysis Wing in Delhi. It has come to the attention of the Prime Minister that recent activities you and others orchestrated have caused great embarrassment to our country. Captain Khalil has been arrested for the cold blooded murder of Rahul Krishnan. And now I have learned that Ashok Banerjee has been arrested and is under suspicion as a terrorist. The Prime Minister has directed me to inform you that no further activity on your part will be tolerated. Do you understand me?”
“I understand, sir.”
“You will cease and desist from any and all efforts that you may have in operation or planned.”
“Yes sir, I will terminate the search immediately.”
“I am sure you will.”

+ + + + + + + + + + 

“Oh, my God!” Jackie whispered as she saw, well, Jesus, walking toward her car. Even though Irene Ralston had given her a heads up, the image was nonetheless hypnotic. It took a moment for her to compose herself. Out of the car, still somewhat spellbound, she said, “You must be Joshua.”
“That I am, and you are Jackie Bingham, I presume? Pleased to make your acquaintance. Come, follow me.”
Jackie Bingham was shorter than what Joshua had expected. Her rather deep voice on the phone seemed incongruous with her slender stature of about three inches over five feet. Her blonde hair was cut in Dutch boy fashion. Green eyes that were beginning to show the wear and tear of too many exhausting hours without rest. In her mid-thirties, Joshua concluded, and rather attractive. As he expected, she wore no wedding or engagement ring. He assumed she was married to her work. 
“Good grief, Joshua, I didn’t expect this.” Like practically all others who observed the greenery inside the barn for the first time, Jackie was similarly astounded. “So this is it, huh? All twenty-four items right here in one place. I love the aroma in here.”
“Not all twenty-four are here. I receive some of the ingredients from Arizona. There is an operation out there very similar to this one.”
She took it upon herself to lead the way, as if she were the hostess. “Ah, this is eucalyptus. No mistaking that. I see peppermint, and fennel. What’s that one?”
“Those are beets. One of the power ingredients.”
Jackie looked inside one of the cases of product that were lined up on the pathway and grabbed a jar of NIL. “This is the NIL?”
“It is, without the peyote. We have over two hundred of them ready to go. Come, let me show you my work area.”
“Goodness, what an operation you’ve got going here!”
“When the town folk learned that the CDC was coming, and that we all are facing a flu pandemic, as you can see, they turned out. It’s a community effort. I’m sure even more would be here if they had been contacted.”
“How interesting. This is truly a good news story that I’d like to see aired rather than all the bad news we constantly are bombarded with.”
“That’s how I feel too. Up until last Saturday I was the only one preparing the NIL. Now look, would you? This is truly wonderful.”
“Let’s go sit and talk. I need to ask you some things.” Jackie again led the way, having passed the lounge area on the way to the workroom. Leadership. Obviously she had it, much like the take charge quality of Pat Reid.
“Would you like to taste the NIL? I think it will give you an alertness for your long trip back to Atlanta.”
“Sure. I was hoping you’d ask. My technician in Atlanta wants to know more about the kava, as in what part of the plant do you use and how much?”
“That’s an astute question. Kava, if used improperly, can cause liver damage, and some people may have skin reactions, like hives, for instance. I use a very small quantity, just one gram, and I only use the roots, not the stems or leaves. I could take it out altogether, but I didn’t because it creates a balance. I’m afraid that if I eliminated it that the other items that create energy could cause hyperactivity. Kava is a mood relaxer. Anyway, it is not necessary for fighting the flu, but it does have a calming characteristic. I think you’ll sense it not long after you drink the NIL.”
“Okay. You’ve told me what the techie also brought up. Don’t use the stems or leaves. Good. She also said that a lot of your ingredients are presumed effective in areas not associated with viruses.”
Joshua poured into two sake cups. “That is true. I wanted something ‘total body’. For example, the dandelion helps regulate the gastro-intestinal system, and would be ineffective as a flu fighter. Pass the cup under your nose, like this.” He demonstrated the routine.
“If a person afflicted with the avian flu were to take this, what would be the dosage, do you think?”
“I’d say one ounce per day. I don’t see the need for more than that. You just swallowed one-half ounce. That’s what I do; a half-ounce in mid-morning, and the same dosage mid-afternoon.”
“Joshua, what has me intrigued is that there have been no deaths in the state of Kentucky, whereas there have been fatalities in every other cluster area. All the reported cases in Kentucky have additionally had the availability of the NIL. Do you think that’s a coincidence?”
“I do not, other than it is coincidental that the cluster in Kentucky happened in close proximity to here. Some of the people up in Somerset were already familiar with the NIL. If the outbreak had occurred in Louisville, there may have been deaths, since the awareness of NIL hasn’t spread that far yet. I don’t want to forget to tell you that I am grieved to hear of the deaths in other areas.”
“How much will a case of NIL cost us?”
“How much do you envision you will need? That will have a bearing on the total cost.”
“Well, a case of six jars is not all that space consuming. I’m thinking about how much I could take in my car. What would a dozen cases cost?”
“Regular retail for seventy-two jars would be $1,440.00. I could reduce that by 240.00 dollars, and even a larger percentage reduction if you order more and I don’t have to pay the shipping costs.”
“My agenda is that I want to interview the recovered patients in Somerset. I don’t want to commit until I talk with them. If I hear what I think they will say, I will call Atlanta and seek an approval. I can’t commit to a dollar amount without that.”
“Understood. Call me after you’ve done your investigation. But first, before you leave, grab a jar of NIL for yourself, and another one, both free of charge. Use the first one for your own consumption, if you wish, and then you will have the second one for your lab personnel to examine.”
“That is very kind of you, and much appreciated.” Jackie rose to leave, but took another look around the room. “If you don’t object, I’d like to take some pictures with my cell phone. Smile!” She continue to snap pictures while walking through the foliage. “You have really got something going here. Yes, it is a small time venture, but I can see you doing something wonderful with it. I congratulate you. By the way, you have got a powerful ally in Irene Ralston. She couldn’t say enough good things, and she told me about her nephew’s bout with cancer. I will definitely follow up with her on that.”
Joshua walked Jackie to the car and they said their goodbyes, with the promise of a follow-up conversation. She snapped another picture of Joshua with the barn as a backdrop. She smiled as she drove the car down the mountain, giddy in the realization that this little blind pig may have just found an acorn.
Before he re-entered the barn, he heard a ruckus coming from the valley. He walked to the side of the barn to take a look. He laughed aloud as he saw eight teenagers playing tag. Namanda was having a grand old time, laughing, running, enjoying kids of her own age. This had truly been a wonderful day. He wondered why he had had premonitions of an ill wind, when today, so far, had been a welcome breeze from Heaven. He didn’t know that the best possible news would occur in just over an hour.

He walked back through the workroom. Everyone had quit. The room was totally barren of a breathing soul. Out the back door, he saw the adults conversing and also watching the kids at play below them in the valley.
“You are starting to run low in drawer six and drawer fourteen. We thought we’d better stop before you run out of something and shut down the whole line.” Annemarie said.
“Yes, I knew with the speed you folks had attained, it would start to run out. I’ll make some more this evening. Listen, folks, I so appreciate what you’ve done today. You make me proud to know you. I can’t pay you much today other than take a jar of NIL for yourselves.”
Pastor McMillan piped up. “Shoot fire. This is Tuesday and I’ve already got my sermon done for Sunday. Normally it takes me all tootin’ week. I sure am glad you put a jar of that stuff in the offering plate.”
“And I am too.” The pastor’s wife agreed with a huge grin.
The Sheriff’s deputy was the first to leave. It wasn’t long after that others began to trickle out. By three pm all had left, and it was back to a semblance of order again. 
Joshua, Shreya, and Namanda were seated in the Adirondack chairs when the sound of Autry’s big old diesel engine could be heard complaining up the mountain. The three walked around the side of the barn, then Namanda screamed. She saw that her dad was driving the purple Dodge Intrepid behind Autry’s SUV. She ran to greet him, squealing all the way. Joshua, perplexed in that this was not part of the plan, was nonetheless relieved to see that Amit had arrived safely. He also noticed that Shreya had tears in her eyes. It was obvious she had great reservations as to the wisdom of the plan Amit and Joshua had concocted. Tears of relief, and gratitude.
Autry bellowed, “Ya’ll sit down in dem chairs in the back. I got an announcement to make.” Once they were seated, he began again. “Seems like the NSA just called off the dogs. Got a fax from HQ a couple a hours ago sayin’ as much. They ain’t looking’ for ya anymore. You folks is safe and sound an’ can git on with your life. An’ that’s why I told Amit to bring his car on up here, ‘stead of leavin’ it with me.”
“Woohoo.” Namanda shouted. Group hugs ensued. Namanda embraced Joshua, looked up at him with puppy eyes, and said, “Can we stay? Please say yes.”
“Of course you can stay.” Joshua replied with a smile. “This has been a great day, but your freedom is the best possible news. What a relief!”
“haHA.” Namanda ran full speed down into the valley, and since it was only her and not a teenage gang this time, the deer joined in the romp.

+ + + + + + + + + +

Jackie Bingham, unable to get an answer at the front door of the barn, walked around to the back. “There you are. I was afraid you had left to go out to eat, or something.”
“Hello again. Come sit with us. You didn’t get a chance to meet anyone before when you were here. This is Amit Mehra, his wife Shreya, and that’s their daughter Namanda down there in the valley exciting the deer.”
After the greetings were exchanged and she took in the wonderment of seeing wild animals frolicking with a human, Jackie sat down. 
“So what did you find out in Somerset, Joshua asked?”
“All I needed to know. I interviewed with two doctors and two nurses, one of which was a daily user of NIL. To tell you the truth, Joshua, those medical professionals were just as bamboozled by the quick recovery from avian flu infection as I have been. Prescriptions meds, like Tamiflu for one, don’t act as quickly as the NIL did with Charlie, and Cecil, and the others. Two patients are still in the hospital but they are no longer symptomatic. Charlie Mayes is already back to work, and so is Cecil Habersham at the convenience store. I spoke with both of them. Charlie won’t come right out and say it was the NIL, yet his recovery was almost immediate. Down in Cleveland, Tennessee, the flu stayed with those that eventually recovered for days before they were on their feet again. Two people died down there from the respiratory failure the virus causes. There is two sets of parameters at work, it’s as plain as day. The ones who ingested the NIL survived and recovered quickly. The ones who didn’t ingest the NIL either recovered slowly or succumbed. I talked with my boss, Larry Ward, like a Dutch uncle, and was able to persuade him. So, I have the clearance to write you a check for as much product as we can load in my car. How does that sound?”
“Fantastic. I think you will be elated in the long run with the results you’ll see. I suppose we should take advantage of the daylight and start loading your car. Amit, would you care to help me for a bit?”
Shreya explained to Amit what was asked, then volunteered to help as well. Namanda noticed what was happening and joined in the endeavor. After twenty minutes there were twenty-two cases of NIL jammed into the drunk, back seat, and front floorboard of Jackie’s car. Grand total: 132 jars of NIL. 
Back in the Adirondack chairs, Joshua leaned over toward Jackie and whispered, “Watch this. Namanda I need to determine the price of 132 jars of NIL at twenty dollars per jar, discounted by thirty percent.”
“haHA. One thousand, eight hundred, forty-eight dollars. American, of course.”
Jackie attempted to punch in the numbers on her phone’s calculator. A minute after Namanda’s reply, Jackie saw that the young girl was exactly right. “How did she do that?”
“For Namanda, that was a simple problem. Jackie, you are looking at one of the most gifted minds on this entire planet. She is truly an amazing specimen. Over this past weekend, there were two well-known psychologists here to observe her. Both of them left in utter amazement. I should also mention that the Mehras came all the way from India because they had heard of the NIL.” Joshua thought best not to have Namanda read Jackie’s thoughts.
“Uh, is there something missing I should know about? That’s a long way to travel. What am I not hearing?”
“Namanda and I both suffer from a rare form of high functioning autism. It is our hope that the NIL can create a nursery of embryonic neurons in our brains. I don’t know that it will happen, but that is what we both are hoping for. Time will tell, but I think I already see some of the chains that bind the autistic mind being broken in Namanda.”
“Whoa, Joshua, I mean, my God! My area of expertise is in infectious diseases, but the CDC is vitally involved in coming up with a remedy for autism. So far, not much progress has been made. You must promise to keep me informed about this. Oh my, I am so full of energy yet so relaxed. How can that be?”
“You are most welcome to spend the night here. I could use your help chopping up more of the ingredients, and I could talk about the benefits of each ingredient all night long. Oh, forgive me, I didn’t mean for that to sound fresh.”
“Jackie chuckled. “I know you didn’t. No, I must get back on the road, but your offer is so tempting. It is so beautiful and laid back up here in the mountains. What a welcome change from the choking exhaust and excruciating traffic of downtown Atlanta. Let me write you a check and then I must go get back into the grind. I also want to make another stop in Cleveland, Tennessee and give out two cases of NIL, so I’d better not waste any more time. You’ll be hearing from me.”

After waving goodbye, then watching Jackie’s loaded car disappear down the mountainside, Namanda whispered into Joshua’s ear. “You know why I’m not jealous, don’t you?”
“Yes, I know. She is not into men.”
They both laughed, then returned to the workroom. There was work to do.

CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR – 180 degrees


Joshua and the Mehras spent the rest of the evening chopping up more fennel, the item in drawer six that was nearly depleted. During the process of rebuilding the inventory, a series of events evolved that began to tarnish an otherwise perfect day.
Soon after Jackie had left, Joshua called Adele to tell her the wonderful news. Their first big sale, and the CDC involvement, and the NSA abandoning the search for the Mehras. At first, Adele returned the enthusiasm, but then she lowered the boom.
“Jack and I watched the PBS show last night. Joshua, when the show ended, Jack got up out his chair and was extremely hot under the collar. He stormed out of the room, and said, ‘I’m out, dammit, we’re giving away everything we’ve saved’. It’s true, honey, we’ve spent over a quarter of a million dollars on the place, and the obligation doesn’t stop. When there was no NIL price mentioned during the show, Jack, well, he’s pissed. I’ve got to call you back. There’s a call coming in that I’ve been expecting.”

A second blow occurred when Sheryl Smalley called. “Joshua, we’ve got to do something. Eva is as mad as a wet hen and so are the people that are calling and emailing us. It’s awful, what’s being said. I mean some of it is good, but, wow, listen to some of these emails:

‘So the guy is from a reservation, huh, so that explains why he is an Indian giver. First free, now twenty bucks. Just another typical PBS scam’.
‘I have a notion to go burn the damn place down. Who does he think he is anyway?’
‘Anyone walking around trying to look like Jesus, and then sock it to you with a phony product for a whopping price, ought to be shot’.
‘I was so hopeful of getting some NIL for my grandson. When you, much after the fact, quoted me twenty dollars, I was shocked. That is false advertising. You should be ashamed.’
‘As a practicing pharmacist, you have taken upon yourself a discrediting position and a terrible disservice to my profession. There is no ‘magic bullet’ as your show purports. Hogwash.’
Joshua, this one concerns me a little;
‘For sure, that dope-head peddling snake oil is better off dead, just like the original fake’.

Joshua had heard enough. “Sheryl, I saw it coming, only it was way too late. I didn’t watch the show until almost two hours after it aired. When I caught that there was no price mentioned, I realized the blatant omission would cause a problem. I called you immediately when I realized the error. The bottom line is that what is done is done. There is no undoing it.”
“Well, Eva is really taking the heat from the Lexington crowd. They are demanding that she prepare an apologetic video and for her to shoulder the blame. And of course, the idea of a sequel is now out of the question. Lexington is making demands that all the angry callers and vicious emails be compensated with free NIL. Will you do that to help us out of this jam?”
“Hang on a second.” Joshua closed his eyes, rubbed his forehead, thinking, pacing back and forth on the granite pathway. He estimated that there were still one hundred jars left after what Jackie had taken. He had a little money saved. Not much, but in light of what Adele had said earlier, he asked, “Sheryl, how many jars are we talking about giving away?”
“Between all the stations that aired it, we’re talking exactly sixty complaints.”
Twelve hundred dollars. He saw no other way out. Considering that Jack had reached the end of his rope, he’d pay it out of his own pocket, but he’d have to borrow two hundred. “Okay, Sheryl, offer no more than fifty jars for free. That’s all I can afford to lose. Your station will have to pay the twenty dollars per jar for anyone still insistent beyond the fifty. Plus you will have to pay any and all applicable shipping costs. After all, it wasn’t totally my fault that the price was not mentioned.”
“I’ll take it to Eva. I’m so sorry, Joshua. I know this won’t help, but Jermaine and I are going to pay you twenty bucks apiece for what you gave us. I feel so badly about all this.”

Namanda saw that Joshua was deeply concerned when he walked straight through the work area and through the back door. She peeked around the corner of the door jamb and saw him take a seat in one of the chairs. She contemplated sitting next to him, but thought better of it.
The announcement from Adele about how much she and Jack had spent threw him for a loop. A quarter million dollars is not chump change, especially when coming out of the pockets of his best friends who were not high rollers financially. He had been too lavish with all the free NIL he had given out over time. They had never complained before this, so he was unprepared for the warning shot fired over his bow. As a last resort, although the idea pained him, he could sell off some of the Indian artifacts in an attempt to, ironically, offer a peace pipe to the Meadors. He’d be breaking the law. He felt his stomach turn. His cell phone rang.

“Joshua, its Adele. Jack’s sitting here and I’ve got you on speaker phone, and Patricia is patched in on a three-way. Do you have some energy left on your phone……this could take a while.”
“Yeah, I’m good.”
“Hi Joshua, its Pat. Adele has asked me to do most of the talking, so here goes. Joshua, there is a letter of intent to purchase the little business you and the Meadors have established. It’s not funded very well, just ten thousand dollars non-refundable. The interested party would then have thirty days to conduct their due diligence. If after thirty days, the prospective buyer walks away, the ten grand will be available to split up in however you and the Meadors decide. But after the investigation period expires, and if the party intends to proceed, it would offer you a purchase price to be determined, but in no case to exceed two million dollars. Now Adele will say something, and I’m still staying on the call.”
“Jack and I are going to take the deal, Joshua. We never did set up our legal relationship, so we want to offer this in fairness to all parties. Since we put in nearly one hundred percent of the monies spent, and you have contributed by building the business part of it by creating the NIL, we think any proceeds should be divided two-thirds to Jack and I, and one-third to you. Let’s say the contract does go through all the way to closing, and the price is 1.5 million dollars. You would receive a half-million dollars at closing under that assumed sales price. We think that is more than fair. Whatever the final price turns out to be, you would receive one-third of the net proceeds.”
“Pat again. Before you make your comments, there are some preliminary conditions. If there were to be a final close-out, you would be required to stay on for thirty days after closing in order to facilitate the transition. After that, you would be on your own. Also, you would only be able to take your personal possessions with you. Any equipment that is used in the production of the NIL would have to remain with the property. Joshua, if you want my legal opinion, I think you ought to take the deal and run with it, and I think the Meadors are being fair with you. So do you have questions or comments?”
“Wait.” Adele interrupted. “Listen, it’s not a bad deal, honey. If the price offered to us is too low, we can always turn it down and keep on going the way we are now. We just cannot keep giving the product away. Now ask your questions.”
“Okay. Two things: How strong is the buying entity, and second, is the Arizona facility involved in the purchase?”
Pat replied. “To answer the second question……no…..Arizona is not something the Meadors have a legal right to negotiate. In fact, I don’t think the potential buyer, who is quite substantial, even knows there is an Arizona facility. About the potential buyer, it is not something I have the liberty of divulging until there comes the time for binding paperwork, but you all would not be wasting your time with a fly-by-night suitor.”
“Adele knows this already, but today I was able to sell 132 jars of NIL to the CDC in Atlanta. I have the strong feeling that it will not be their last purchase. During the due diligence period, will we still be able to sell the product to them or to anyone else?”
“Yes, you could conduct your business as normal. We’d for sure include that in the contractual language.”
“Say the buyer decides to enter into a binding contract at the end of the due diligence. How much escrow would be deposited, and would it be hard?”
“That would be a negotiating point, but I’ve already recommended to the Meadors that it be ten percent of the sale price, and that it be hard, that is, yours to keep if the deal fell through.”
“Any idea as to how long between contract signing and……………………….

He felt it before he heard it. Instinctively, he grabbed his neck. The pain seared him as if being scalded with a hot poker thrust through his neck. A fire erupted in his chest. The burning was intense. He pitched forward, collapsed to his knees, grasping, gasping, unable to breathe. Voices coming from his cell phone. Namanda at his side, screaming. Wailing. Shouts of 911. Ben running full speed toward the eastern slope. Namanda’s hands cupping his cheeks. He tried, but he couldn’t speak. The taste of blood. “Don’t leave me, Joshua. I love you.” Gurgling. He tried to tell her he loved her. No words came. Going dark. Darker. Then nothing at all.

CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE – New life

He opened his eyes. Image of a long white light, directly above, seen through a gauzy blur. He raised a finger. Mumbled.
“Oh my God.” The aide ran to the control desk and grabbed the phone. “Mrs. Meadors. It’s Penny from the center. Joshua has awakened.”
“I will be there as soon as I can.” She looked through bleary eyes. Two in the morning. “Jack, Jack?” No use. Jumped in the shower and out the door in ten minutes time.

Dark hair. A man. Shining a pen light into his eyes. “Can you speak?” The dark haired image asks.
“I thirst.”
“Penny, bring some water.” The image turned back to face the immobile patient. “Can you hear me?”
A doctor? “Where?” Confusion.
“What? Say it again.”
Disorientation. “Are you God?”
“Joshua, you are in a convalescent center. I am a doctor. Can you hear what I’m saying?”
Slowly a hand raised above the bed. Eyes trying to focus. His own hand? Hand dropped. Atrophy. “Where am I?”
“You are in a convalescent center. You’ve been asleep for a long, long time.”
Water. Glass tipped to his lips. Dribble. Towel on his chin. “Where am I?”
“A convalescent center in Somerset, Kentucky. Do you understand me?”
“Water.”
More dribbles.
Penny, go start making calls on the contact list. We need someone to sit with him.”
“I called Mrs. Meadors already. She is coming as fast as she can.”
“She is too far away. Try that Sheriff down in McCreary.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Joshua, try to remain awake. We will have someone here to sit with you in a short while. Can you do that?”
“I can’t feel.”
“I know you can’t for now, but you will. It will take some time, but you will be able to feel again.”
“How long?”
“If you mean how long before you can feel, it depends on how you respond to therapy. It could take a week or longer, but you will regain your sense of feel. If you mean how long have you been here, it’s been nine months. You’ve been in a coma.” The doctor did not say that he feared there could be a relapse into a comatose state.
Penny returned. “The Sheriff is on his way, doctor. Twenty minutes tops.”
“Good. Penny, swab his teeth. His breath is horrible. Make sure he’s clean everywhere before anyone gets here.” The doctor left the room and Penny went to work with the dental cleanser.

Strong hand shaking his shoulder. There to his left. A man.
“Autry?”
Sound of sobbing. “Man, thought we’d lost ya.” Crying man. 
“Is that you, Autry?”
“It’s me. It’s Autry.” More whimpering. Grown, big man. “This whole country has been prayin’ for ya.”
Joshua was able to move his hand slightly. “Hold my hand, Autry.”
Felt the big man’s grip. “Forgot to tell you I love you, Autry.”
“Aw man.” Sobs.
Joshua closed his eyes. His hand went limp.
“Nurse!” Autry screamed.
Penny raised his eyelid. Pupil reacted to the light. “He’s sleeping. He used up a lot of energy doing what little he just did. Just let him be, he will wake up again.”

“I’m sorry, Mrs. Meadors. Someone will come get you when he wakes up. Just have a seat over there with the Sheriff in the visitor’s area.”
“To hell with that. I’m a doctor and that’s my son in there. C’mon Autry.” Adele charged by the control desk in a blur with Autry in tow.
“Well, they got him cleaned up pretty good. I’m glad they got rid of that dad gummed beard. What did he say to you, Autry?”
“He ain’t so sure about anythin’ just yet. Kinda talkin’, but kinda not too.”
“Snowing out there. Slowed me down. Just tell me something he said, dammit.”
“He told me he loved me.”
“Yeah. You’re right. He ain’t makin’ sense yet.”
A hand raised. Grabbed the side bar. “Adele, is that you?”
“Yes, honey, it’s me.” She broke down and wept, hiding her face in her trembling hands.
“I forgot to tell you that I love you.”
“No honey. It’s me that forgot to tell you that.” Adele spoke in broken fragments, filled with contrition. “I love you with all my heart.”
Joshua was able to raise both hands to his cheeks. “My beard? The scars?”
“There aren’t any scars, honey, and you look positively beautiful.”
He tried to lift his head. Couldn’t do it. “Show me. Mirror.”
Adele reached inside her purse and pulled out a compact. She aimed it so that Joshua could see his reflection. He made no reaction, seemingly unable to remember for longer than an instant.
“Someone shot me, didn’t they?”
“Yes, darlin’, someone shot you.”
“Who?”
“Let’s not talk about that just yet. There will be plenty of time to catch up on things. You just take your time coming back. You’ve been gone a long time.”
“Nine months?”
“Yeah, nine months. It’s the middle of March and it’s snowing outside.”
Joshua made no reply. Adele turned to Autry. “Tell him I’ll be right back in case he asks.” She left in search of the doctor on duty.

“So what is the game plan? You going to move him?”
“In the morning we’ll move him to LCH. They will start the scans right away.”
“Hard to say how much he’s lost. What’s your opinion?”
“The loss of oxygen was immediate and probably will have long term effects on his coping capability. You’re right, it’s hard to say, but I doubt you’ll ever have him back to where he was before the injury. His brain was starved for too long before they were able to revive him. It wouldn’t hurt to ask for a miracle, though.”
“I’ll do just that. Thank you, doctor.”

Adele would wait until six am to call and cancel her classes for the rest of the week. She would have to buy a few things and find a place to stay, but she wasn’t going to leave his side, that was for damn sure. She didn’t think she’d see the day that he would come out of it. She wouldn’t abandon him now. Returning to the room she saw that Joshua had fallen back to sleep. “Autry, is there a Waffle House around here? I’m famished.”
“Only thing open at this hour would be the Speedway gas station. But the hospital would have somethin’ laid out, like a Danish, maybe. Let’s go over there first. I’m hankerin’ for somethin’ too.”
Adele checked her watch. 5:45. “When does that McDonalds open? If they open at six, I’d much prefer something like an egg McMuffin?”
“I’m a thinkin’ the drive thru is open now. Done forgot about that.”
“Let’s go for it.” Autry drove while Adele texted Patricia Reid that Joshua had woken up. She called the UK switchboard and explained her situation. She was assured someone would be called in to cover her classes.
“Sheriff Kane! What brings you up this a way?” The McDonalds window girl shouldn’t have been that perky at this hour, but she was. 
“Visitin’ a friend a mine over at the center.”
“Wouldn’t be Joshua would it?”
“It would be him. He woke up this mornin’.”
“Oh, my sakes alive. Harry! Joshua done woke up this mornin’”
Harry, the morning manager, strolled over to the window. “No stuff? He came out of it?”
“Yup. Just today.”
“Hey, Jimmy Dan, put down that broom an’ go change the marquee. Put on there ‘Joshua woke up today’.”
“Now, in the snow?” Jimmy Dan pleaded.
“Yeah, now, in the snow. An’ don’t misspell anythin’ this time.” Harry turned back to Autry. “We been waitin’ a long time to hear them words, ain’t we?”
“We sure nuff have. Now git me that food I ordered.”

“How are things down your way, Autry?” The two sat in the fast food parking lot, gobbling down the five star fare, and chasing it with too strong coffee, and watching Jimmy Dan misspell ‘woke’. A wok was something Orientals used often, but Americans just once a year.
“Ain’t the same, Adele. Ain’t the same. I shore do miss that guy makin’ me run around hells half acre for ‘im. It’s like a dark cloud come and hung over us, what with all the big shot news people that come down on us. It’s been made out like Whitley City killed Jesus all over again. An’ people is cryin’ for the NIL, but they ain’t about to pay forty bucks for that watered down stuff theys a makin’.” Autry rolled down his window. “For cryin’ out loud, Jimmy Dan. Woke has got an ‘e’ on the end.”
“Oh, yeah, it shur does.” Jimmy Dan climbed back up the ladder as the cop car pulled out of the lot.

Autry dropped Adele off at the convalescent center. He needed to get back on the job, but said he’d return that evening.
Adele was told that Joshua had already been moved over to LCH, which hospital was in the cattycornered block. She walked the distance, rather than move her car. “I’m here visiting Joshua Meadors. I’m his mother.” She explained to the lobby pink lady.
“Third floor, Mrs. Meadors. Looks like God has answered our prayers. I am so happy for you.”
Adele was cut off from seeing Joshua on the third floor. The station nurse instructed her that Joshua was being prepped for a brain scan. She would have to wait in the family room, and that there was coffee and donuts available in there. Adele asked if the nurse knew which type of scan was being done. The nurse didn’t know, but suggested it was probably going to be an fMRI. Adele didn’t know why she even asked. It really didn’t matter all that much, but an MRI was just as good as the rest of them. It wasn’t long before the couch in the family waiting room became too attractive. She took advantage of her singular presence and dozed off.
Her cell phone awakened her at 10 am. It was Patricia Reid calling, not texting. “Hello Patricia.”
“Hear you have good news, kiddo. I am so glad he’s come out of it. How is he?”
“Slow on the uptake. Dizzy acting. Kind of out of it, but, he’s awake and has some cognitive ability. I guess he ought to be out of the brain scan by now. I fell asleep in their lounge here.”
“Well, you know when the major networks get wind of it, they’ll be swarming all over you down there, so brace yourself. Anything I can do?”
“Just keep praying.”
“Always. And how are you, by the way?”
“It’s still there.”
“I am so sorry to hear that. Mine is gone. At least the doctors think so. Honey, I will be saying prayers for the both of you today and every day.”
“Thanks, Patricia. And continued good luck to you. I’m glad that you are projected to win in a landslide. We deserve you, kiddo.”
“Thanks. I will keep calling from time to time. Gotta run. Bye.”

The door opened to the family room. “Mrs. Meadors?” A nurse held the door ajar and held up a clipboard, waving it. “Right this way, please.” They walked down a corridor and in to a small office. Doctor Amaranian sat behind a wooden desk. “Please have a seat, Dr. Meadors.” She did.
The doctor took his merry old time reading several pages on a clipboard. “Well, we ran two scans, an MRI and an EEG. I assume with your background you are familiar with both?”
“I am. What’s the verdict?”
“The doctor walked around the desk and held the clipboard in front of her. “This one is the magnetic imaging. See this area with the darker shading. That is the Wernicke area of the parietal. Are you familiar with that?”
“Yes, go on.”
“It indicates some damage caused by the lack of blood flow and hypoxia during and after the trauma. I would suspect, but am not certain, that he will have difficulty expressing himself, and it could be a permanent condition. He may also struggle with understanding what is being spoken to him.”
“There’s a great deal of irony here, doctor. That’s the same area that caused him issues as a child and teenager. He completely overcame the difficulty with the fluency of speech. He had suffered head trauma as a very small child.”
“I was unaware of that. Interesting. Let’s go on to the EEG. These wavy lines on the graph, right here, suggest that there will evidence of dementia. His memory may not fully restore. The verdict is still out as to whether he will regain sapient functioning. As you undoubtedly know, there is always an element of uncertainty in the recovery process.”
“These tests are preliminary and taken just after he emerged from a vegetative state. Doctor, I have a great deal of training and experience with this kind of debilitation. I would like to have full access to his records and also to his assigned room at all times. I would like to have a guest bed rolled in. Will you allow me that?”
“I don’t have a problem with that. Your reputation precedes you, so let’s get that ball rolling, shall we? He’s in 311. Be my guest.”

Adele peered down at the one she loved so dearly. She wasn’t his mother, but not a single person on this planet could love him as a mother more than she. Sleep, my baby, sleep. I’ll be here, she whispered to herself.
The first of the flowers arrived before noon. The card read, “Get well soon, Joshua. Love, C. and T. Mayes”. The second delivery, a dozen red roses, bore the get well wishes of Cecil and Gloria Habersham. Adele knew from reading the news reports that all four of those people had recovered from avian flu, and each had given testimony to the NIL’s effectiveness. The entire country was thankful that the H7N9 avian flu was now ancient history. And here poor Joshua didn’t have the faintest idea that his invention was, during the onslaught and shortly thereafter, a household word nationally. NIL became the hot item during the summer and fall, then faded away after the pandemic was stemmed and the new owners took over.
“Knock, knock.” A blonde lady peeked into the room. “May I come in?”
“You’re half way in now, might as well haul the other part in.” Typical Adele.
“Hi. I’m Sheryl Smalley. I knew Joshua when I worked at WKSO. Remember? We did the television interview that shook up everything.”
“Oh, how I do remember that? You used to work there, not anymore?”
“They canned all of us. Well, Jermaine stayed on. It was a mess. Did you ever meet the little Indian girl that stayed down there with Joshua for a while?”
“I knew her well. What of it?”
“She had her dad drive up to our station and handed us one thousand dollars to cover up our booboo. Did you know she did that?”
“Tell me more. No, I didn’t know that.”
“Well, see, Joshua had agreed to pay us one thousand dollars out of his own pocket to make up for all the irate viewers that called in. They expected a free product, and we blew it by not mentioning the price on TV. So, then, you know what happened. He got shot. We didn’t know that immediately, so we got a little huffy with the Indian folks down at the barn. That’s when we found out about him getting killed, I mean, almost killed. Anyway, to finish the story, the girl had in her possession something Indian that was valuable, and she found a buyer for whatever it was and made the deal good that we had with Joshua. Didn’t matter much, we all got fired, except Jermaine.”
The woman’s story pierced Adele like a knife. She remembered, the night of the tragedy, before it happened, that she had come down hard on Joshua. She would ask for forgiveness a thousand times over. She ached in her heart.
“Well, I’ve got to be going. I’m glad he has woken up. He has, hasn’t he? I don’t see him breathing?”
“Yes, he is just sleeping right now. Thank you for visiting.”
“Okay, well, one more thing. I promised to pay him twenty dollars for the NIL he had given both to me and to Jermaine. So here it is….forty dollars. Tell him I said to get well, and that I’m sorry. Oh, and Jermaine sends his well wishes too. Byebye. She stuck her head back inside the door. “One more thing. Tell him I like him better without the beard. Bye.”

“Adele?” Joshua was awake. His voice startled her out of a remorseful daydream.
“Yes, darling. I’m here.”
“Do you have some NIL with you?”
Now THAT was an extremely positive sign.

CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX - Recovery

By seven pm there had been several visitors. Pastor McMillan had come with his wife, and left some sweets. Annemarie, Autry’s wife, had visited, as well as Beulah Moorehead, the grandmother of the boy who allegedly pulled the trigger. The poor woman broke down and sobbed in Adele’s presence. She, as the story goes, almost died from a broken heart, and then by her own hand. She was so apologetic, saying she didn’t know Danny had found the deceased Mr. Moorehead’s rifle in the attic. She still doesn’t know how Danny got up on the ridge that evening. Her car was still in the drive when the police came the next day. When they showed her a picture of that dear boy, so mangled and mutilated, she knew it was him. And the rifle they found up the hill from his body was definitely her husband’s. She fell in line with the rest of the town’s folk. Danny did it. It grieved her so much that she considered suicide. The image of Danny getting eaten by a bear haunted her every moment. It was nearly too much to endure. She hoped Adele could understand her sorrow. Adele had tried to comfort the poor soul, but she knew there could be no words to soothe the woman’s troubles. She would be scarred for the rest of her life.
Jack arrived at the same time as Autry. Autry set the jar of the old time NIL on the night stand, then took a seat. Jack stood over Joshua, who was awake, grabbed the prone man’s hand and shook it. “Good to see you back, young man.”
“I’m back, huh? Where did I go and did I have fun?”
Everyone chuckled. Adele was beside herself with joy. Voluntary, conscious interaction, replete with understanding and purposed expression in return. A sign of cognitive functioning.
“Joshua, can you lift your right arm?” Adele used a trick question. It didn’t matter all that much if, at this stage, his muscles had started to rebound from atrophy, but an attempt at moving the correct arm was the trick. That would indicate an understanding of a directive. In response, Joshua lifted his right arm to almost vertical, then let it fall limply.
“Autry brought some NIL. Do you want some now?”
“Yep.”
Autry poured the NIL into the cup he had also brought along. To everyone’s surprise, Joshua passed the glass under his nose, holding on to the glass with a sure grip. He wet his lips, then drank. That was a feat of memory. Things were looking good.
Jack had reserved a room at the local Red Roof Inn, but Adele declined to join him there. She explained that at eight o’clock a nurse would roll in a guest bed as soon as visiting hours were over. Jack understood, and went to the car to bring the items Adele had requested.
At 8, all had left except Adele. Joshua was still awake, and reached out to grab her hand. “Adele, I heard what the woman said earlier. About her grandson. Danny she called him. I didn’t want to cause her more grief, so I just listened.”
“I’m glad you now know. The kid had a high powered rifle with telescopic sighting. He didn’t miss. Hit you right there where the neck and shoulder meet. Namanda said she only heard one shot.”
“Namanda. Where is she?”
Adele debated. She would attempt another trick. “I don’t know.” It was an attempt to see if Joshua still had telepathic ability.
“I would like to see her.”
“The Mehras left before anyone knew it. No one knows where they are.” She hated to lie to him, but it was a test to see if he could read her.
“I want to get up. Help me get to the bathroom.”
“No sir, not yet.” She lifted up the bottom of the covering sheet. “Let me see you wiggle your toes.”
“Are they wiggling?”
“No, they didn’t move a hair. Joshua, the feet are the first to go and sometimes the last to recover when your body atrophies. Walking is not going to come easily. Let’s wait on physical therapy. Do you need the bedpan?”
“Yeah.”
“Do you want me to do it, or do you want to wait for the nurse?”
“I don’t care. You do it, I need it now.”
Adele slid the pan into place and waited.
“OK. I’m done.”
The nurse was rolling the guest bed into the room when she spotted Adele returning from the bathroom with bedpan in hand. “You don’t have to do that. Just call for me, that’s what I’m paid to do.”
“Just part of being a mother. Listen, he wanted to get up and walk. He’s not ready yet, do you think?”
“No. He’s nowhere near ready for that. Don’t encourage him to try it, he could hurt himself.”
Adele slipped into the bathroom and changed into her night clothes, then lay on the bed next to Joshua’s. “Do you care if I turn on the TV for a while?”
She looked over when Joshua did not respond. He was again sleeping. She turned on CNN, and listened to the same old stories….trouble in Syria, information leaks, scandals here and there. She was nearly dozing when she heard………
“We have a story breaking on the good news front. Word has just come into us out of Somerset, Kentucky. You all remember the Jesus-type man who was credited for being the savior during the flu pandemic? We’ve just been told that today he has come out of his nine month long coma. We’ll follow up on that story as soon as we can have our people in the area. That’s great news, isn’t it Tillie?”
“It certainly is, John.” Tillie turned to the camera with a plastic smile and rehearsed line. “Maybe the headlines tomorrow will read, ‘He is risen’. In other news………
Patricia had called it right. Here they come.

+ + + + + + + + + +  

By eight o’clock the next morning, Adele had already risen, dressed, folded up the guest bed and set it in the hallway, and been to the cafeteria for breakfast, and back. She sat in a chair, reading People magazine, when Joshua awoke.
“Good morning, sunshine. How you feeling?”
“Hungry.”
“We’ll take care of that in a bit. Did you sleep well?”
“You snore. What’s that tell you?”
“Sorry about that. So, another day in the light, eh?”
“Tell me what happened, Adele.”
“You mean about the business, and the sale?”
“Yeah. But get me a cookie or something. And some coffee. I miss the Arabica lounge.”
“I’ll be right back with something, then we’ll talk.”
She came back with Graham crackers and an orange juice. “Best I could do, bucko.”
“Tell me what happened.”
“Strange deal, as it turned out. The people up there now operating the property are apple growers. McClintock Orchards. They built a greenhouse down in the valley, and planted three varieties of apple trees all around down there. They have orchards in two different states, but they wanted our property because of the NIL. They are making an apple cider energy drink. They call it Zapple juice. From what I hear they are doing fairly well with it. Anyway, after some haggling, we finally got to the closing table. I have something I want to show you.”
Adele reached into her overnight bag. “Look at this.”
Joshua was handed a check. His name the payee. He focused on the numbers. $657, 342.59. He blinked, making sure he was seeing the correct figure. “Here, you read it to me. How much is it for?”
She repeated the same number he thought he had read. 
“Wow.”
“Wait a minute. I seem to have found another check. Look at this one.”
He squinted. His name the payee. The amount: $4,320.00. The payer was the Center for Disease Control.”
“And I have another little thing here. Let me see, what did I do with that?”
“Quit playin’.”
“Oh, here it is.” She threw wadded up bills on the bed. “Namanda found this under your cot in the loft. One thousand dollars.”
“Bless her heart. She could have run off with that and no one would have known better. I wonder where she is?”
“Joshua, you remember the day you had a bunch of kids in the workroom, forming an assembly line? Also, remember how there was supposed to be a thirty day period of due diligence? Well, it turned into six weeks before the contract came in. During those six weeks Namanda organized those kids and a bunch more. The way she worked it was three days a week the kids would pack the jars. The other days of the week the Mehras prepared the ingredients. She even taught some of the kids how to chop up and prepare the things according to the manual you made. She made up over six thousand jars before she ran out of a couple of the plants. McClintock didn’t care about her running them out of inventory, because all they wanted was the energy plants. Hachika quit sending anything from Arizona. The buyers didn’t give a hoot about that anyway. So the CDC bought all she could make. They realized with you being out of the loop that the window would close up in the future, so they bought more than was required for the flu, just to have it in storage.”
“Incredible. What a little firecracker she is. I miss her. Did the Mehras get compensated, or the kids she brought in?”
“Jack and I made a decision about that. The check you have there for over four thousand dollars represents your one-third share. Our shares were double that, and we gave up half of ours to them. So they made over four thousand dollars in those six weeks, and Namanda paid the kids out of that. How much, I don’t know.”
“So the NIL must have worked as far as the CDC was concerned?”
“Like a charm. CDC distributed the jars all over the country. Joshua, your name, and photograph, and the NIL name, became nationally known. You became quite the folk hero after you were shot. Before the CDC had the NIL, there were nineteen deaths in the U.S. attributed to the avian flu. After the NIL was distributed, there were only two. There hasn’t been any new reported cases of the avian strain since January. So, yeah buddy, it worked.”
“What month is this?”
“Middle of March.”
“I’m getting sleepy. Maybe I’ll get out of here soon. I have no idea where to go, though.”
“Get some sleep. I’m going to go meet Jack for a while, then I’ll be back later.” She wasn’t about to tell him where he was going to go. That would have to come later.

Autry came to visit at noon. He found Joshua watching an old rerun of Night Court. “Hey there, champ, how ya’ feelin’?”
“Hello, Autry, come have a seat. Autry, whatever became of Tracy?” Joshua turned off the television.
“Well sir, now that is a story all in itself. You know I locked her up overnight. You remember that, doncha?”
“Yeah.”
“Well in comes this Gloria lady, sick with what turned out to be da bird flu. She was gittin’ some NIL for her husband, but she was a comin’ down with it unbeknowns. She uses the bathroom there at the station, and gits to talkin’ with Tracy in her cell. Tracy winds up gittin’ the flu too. So, anyway, I let her go and run her down to the Tennessee line. She gits nabbed down there by the NSA and gits carted off to NSA HQ up in Fort Meade, and they arrange for her to fly to Belgium. Far as I know, she made it back home to her folks place. But, man, did she ever cause the flu to spread inside the NSA. It was a mess until that Bingham lady got ‘em a supply of NIL.
“What happened to the Mehras, Autry?”
Autry looked away from his friend, hoping Joshua would not be able to read his mind. “I don’t reckon I know. They just up and disappeared one day.”
“Autry, pour me some NIL, would you?”
“Shore thing. Here ya go.”
“Adele told me about Zapple cider. Have you had that yet?”
“Yeah, I tried it. Gotta admit, it does boost up yur git up an’ go, but it gave me the jitters. Ain’t nothing like that NIL there.”
“Have you heard from Van Vance?”
Autry once again had to look away. “No sir, don’t reckon I have.”
“How about that teenage boy over near Bowling Green? Jimmie O’Brien I think is his name.”
“Got cured. He had the cancer, ya know, down where it hurts. He don’t no more. Him an’ his ma an’ his aunt made an appearance on national TV durin’ the time the NIL was hotter than a pistol. Done the NIL name good, them people did.”
“I wonder what Adele is doing. She’s been gone quite a while.”
Autry didn’t answer. Too much subterfuge going on. “Well, sir, I gotta git back on the job. If’n I don’t see ya tonight, I’ll for shore be back tomorrow.”
“Thanks for visiting Autry. You’re my best friend, you know?”
“Aw shucks. I’ll be seein’ ya.” Autry sauntered out of the room, then ducked back inside half way. “Your mine too.” Then he was gone.

Adele, with Jack, didn’t arrive until after four o’clock.
“Where have you been? You’ve been gone for going on eight hours.”
Adele looked at Jack, who pulled out a packet from his coat. He handed it to Adele. “Are you sitting down, my boy?”
“Don’t make me laugh.”
Adele opened the manila envelope. “What do you think of this?” She handed Joshua a printout, from a Realtor, that displayed a picture of an A frame home, tucked into the trees. Beside that picture was another one showing a body of water.
“What is this?”
“It’s our new summer home, honey. We hadn’t planned on doing this in March, but we did plan on doing it in late April. But since you invited us down here by waking up, we went ahead and did it. The cottage has a splendid view of the Cumberland River. And that ain’t all, dear. Take a look at this.”
“Oh my. Really? You bought this, or what?”
“It sleeps eight, sweetie. It isn’t new, but it looks it. We took it out for the shakedown today, and it runs like a top. I think it’s the nicest houseboat on the river. We bought it today, and we will keep it at a marina that is walking distance from the cottage. We completed the deal on both things while we were gone today. So what do you think?”
“I am really happy for you guys. This beats the heck out of that little flat spot up on the ridge.”
“It surely does. Joshua, I hope you will consider staying in either the cottage or the houseboat. You could find something to do around here. You’re so good with carpentry. It wouldn’t take you long to find jobs you’d enjoy doing.”
“That’s a thought. I am really anxious to get up out of this bed. That’s what I want first of all.”
“Tomorrow you will do just that. They’re going to start the physical therapy right here in the hospital. And now Jack’s got something he wants to ask you.”
Jack neared the bedside and took hold of Joshua’s hand. “Joshua, we’d like it if you became our son.”
Tears appeared in Joshua’s eyes. He took a moment to respond, then said, “I do.”
Adele bent down and hugged him, kissing him on the forehead. “I love you, son,” she said, holding back the tears.

Jack and Adele stayed a few more minutes, then said they wanted to go shopping for kitchen supplies for the boat and the new home. They also said they wanted to sleep overnight in the houseboat, but that they’d both be back in the morning.
Joshua slept all through the night, dreaming of cruising down the river, fishing pole at the ready.

CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN - Surprise

He awoke just after seven am. He turned his head side to side. No one but himself in the room. It was starting to look like a flower shop in there, with varying sizes of greenery lining every inch of the walls. He turned on the television, but a nurse arrived shortly and turned it off.
“Who are all these flowers from? I don’t know a whole lot of people.”
“Oh, but they know you.” The nurse replied. “There’s flowers here from all over the country, and it’s probably true…..you don’t know them, but they do you. Now you hold still. I’m going to get you all cleaned up from head to toe. I’m going to shave you first, so don’t move.”
“When will the therapy start?”
“Ten am. There are news people waiting for that to happen. They will be filming you when we roll you down into therapy. So you’ve got to look your best.”
The nurse groomed on Joshua for the better part of an hour, washing and trimming his hair and combing it back, bathing him with a hand towel, cutting his nails, brushing his teeth. “There, you are beautiful. You know, you don’t look like Jesus anymore. You look more like Pierce Brosnan, only you have way better eyes.” She made a chomping gesture with her mouth, like she were going to eat him alive. She checked her watch, then examined the room from corner to corner. Then she left.

He heard a commotion outside his room. People, lots of them. Then he heard music. A violin, coming from somewhere down the hall. It was playing ‘My Old Kentucky Home’. After the violin had played, wonderfully, through a segment of the song, dozens of voices began singing: ‘Oh the sun shines bright on my old Kentucky home……’. Then she appeared, outside the doorway, in full view. She was absolutely the most beautiful creature in the world. She wore a brightly colored sari, yellow, orange, red mixes that dazzled the eyes. She kept playing, the voices kept singing. She wore flowers in her hair, and a golden maang tikka, lavished with rubies, hung down from her hair and rested on her forehead. She was crying. Namanda stepped inside the room, still playing the song, and stepped to the side. 
A man appeared at the doorway, singing. It was Jamison Vance, who came to the bedside and shook Joshua’s hand, then stepped aside. Amit and Shreya were the next to appear, shook his hand, stepped aside. Next came Adele and Jack, stepped aside. Autry and Annemarie were next. The room was filling up. Sheryl Smalley came in next, Jermaine at her side. Patricia Reid appeared, then shook Joshua’s hand, bent down and kissed him, stepped aside.
“Joshua,” Adele said after the song had finished, “you have a special, surprise visitor.”
In the doorway, a very old man, wearing the red, white, and blue feathered headdress of the Apache tribe. Joshua covered his eyes to hide the tears, but his heaving chest betrayed him. Hachika, his mentor, friend, father-figure, stepped slowly to the bedside. The ancient, weather worn hand grasped Joshua on the shoulder. “Yaa’ ta’ sai’, the old man said. “Hello, to you, my father.” Joshua replied through his tears.
“OK, everyone out.” The nurse barked with authority. The room full of people filtered out, one by one, until there was only Namanda left. She bent down, and kissed him, on the lips, gently. “I love you,” she whispered, her lips just above his. Then she left.
The nurse rolled in a wheelchair, accompanied by a young lad in a white coat. “Come on, you are coming with us.” They lifted Joshua out of the bed and plopped him down into the chair, then rolled him out. Into the elevator, down they went. The lobby was packed with people, doctors and nurses among them, who cheered and clapped wildly as they rolled Joshua down a corridor. Double doors swung open. The cafeteria. His friends were there, and so were television news crews. It was a party. Namanda never left his side.


EPILOGUE

Joshua and Namanda exited the burning, dry, Arizona early summer sun by entering into the reservation Rec Hall. Dozens of the tribe, who had been anxiously awaiting their arrival, greeted them. A banner draped across the full length of one wall. ‘Welcome home, Joshua’. Amit and Shreya had made the trip up from Tucson, where both of them had landed positions with the University of Arizona. Amit taught strings, Shreya taught woodwinds. Good, strong employment. They would be eligible for green cards in two months, then citizenship in four more years. They were in good spirits.
After cake and ice cream, and reuniting with old friends and meeting new ones, Namanda led him outside. She jumped into an open air Jeep, and instructed him to sit in the passenger seat. She started the car, operated the stick shift, and accelerated away.
“You are not sixteen yet. What are you doing driving?”
“It’s the reservation. Who’s going to stop me? haHA.”
He watched her hair blow in the wind. Mesmerizing. “Where are we going?”
“You’ll see.”
The land rose gently as they rode, then began a steeper incline. They had left the barren, brown soil and entered into the land of firs, spruce, and quaking aspens. She slowed the car, rounded a bend, then stopped. “This is where we will live.”
A mobile home was tucked neatly inside the forest. “Namanda? I………
“Hush. We will keep the promise you made to my mother. We will live as a father and a daughter, that is, until I turn eighteen. Then I hope to wear a papoose not long after. We will come back here later. There’s more to see.”
“Namanda?”
“Yes, my new father?”
“I can’t see inside your head any more. Or anyone else’s.”
“I know. Congratulations. Maybe someday I will be so lucky.”
Namanda drove further up the winding roads, then came to an intersection. She turned left onto a paved road and continued. Joshua knew where he was.
“Holy cow! Would you look at that?”
“haHA. I’ve been busy while you got your beauty sleep.”
Three greenhouses, and a forest of trees, exotic ones, surrounding the buildings. “I can read your thoughts, and I’m way ahead of you. I’ve already planted crab apple trees, and you and I are going to spend our days making the NIL even better. I’ve even picked out a name for our new health drink. It will be called Crapple juice. haHA.”
They walked inside the older greenhouse that Joshua was familiar with. In a chair, supervising, or sleeping, was Hachika, who waved his cane, and said, “About time. Get to work.”
She took Joshua by the hand and led him to an office in the far corner of the building. Inside, there, displayed on shelving, were the artifacts from the cave in Kentucky. “I stole them. I hope you don’t mind. But wait before you scold me. I located the Shawnee tribe in Oklahoma, and I gave them more than half of what was down by the water in the cave. Don’t hate me, please. I even sold the rain stick you showed me that time. I needed to raise some money, so I did it.”
“I will have to turn you in to the FBI, you know. I might decide to wait on that. Yeah, after you are toting two papooses, I just might give them a call.”
They embraced, and held each other for a long time, then left for their new home.







 






 




 

 






























  




 

















 














 
  








 











 



   
















 





 












 





 






 






















 

 













